# [<](2021-01-01.md) 2021-01-02 [>](2021-01-03.md)

1,803,819 events, 1,069,154 push events, 1,499,410 commit messages, 93,148,604 characters


## [v715/graspologic](https://github.com/v715/graspologic)@[24a3d00ce4...](https://github.com/v715/graspologic/commit/24a3d00ce425678a66ac41a13dc735f1e2455b43)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 02:51:02 by Dwayne Pryce

THE GRAND RENAMING HAS BEGUN (#481)

* THE GRAND RENAMING HAS BEGUN but holy crap it still doesn't work because of some nbsphinx thing that I don't know how to even begin troubleshooting

* Update .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

I am the goo0dest typer

Co-authored-by: Benjamin Pedigo <benjamindpedigo@gmail.com>

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Benjamin Pedigo <benjamindpedigo@gmail.com>

* Make the build status badge less obnoxious

* Made a sentence actually make sense

* Ah the last merge from dev must have overwritten some of the changes I made.  This should be fixed now.

* Found another instance of graspy in the issue template

* Some last second changes, including a fix to the utils init file because the __all__ value was being populated by identifier names not string representations of those identifier names

* I approve of black hating the single quotes for a string because I also hate it but it's still pythonic even if I wish it weren't so

Co-authored-by: Benjamin Pedigo <benjamindpedigo@gmail.com>

---
## [InfoTeddy/VVVVVV](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV)@[ce2c5bd1ab...](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV/commit/ce2c5bd1ab9dd7c3fd0a71546a1d3748041b66a3)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 04:56:08 by Misa

Add dead bodies

Last night (the night of December 4th, 2020), I was laying in bed with
Coral on a Discord voice call and she was thinking about how checkpoints
worked. (Like, an in-lore explanation, not how it works in the actual
game.) Then she suggested at one point, what if there was a mod for
VVVVVV where you left behind a dead body every time you died.

So behold, this is that mod. What happens every time you die is the game
keeps track of where exactly you died, along with your sprite at the
time of death, and shoves it into an array. Then the game simply draws
that array on the screen, using color 1 (which is the color of death).
In the main game, it's drawn above all other non-humanoids, but in
custom levels it's drawn before every other entity.

Supercrewmates (the Intermission 1 companion) also create dead bodies.

Dying as VVVVVV-Man doesn't show a VVVVVV-Man-sized body, but the
playtesting ghosts feature doesn't account for VVVVVV-Man either, so.
Possibly playtesting ghosts and dead bodies should just use the same
entity-drawing function as normal entities do, but that's a bit
complicated. Or at the very least, some code should be refactored and
de-duplicated there to easily enable that without having to copy-paste
code.

Dead bodies are cleared every time you quit to the menu, or exit
playtesting (so, every time scriptclass::hardreset() gets called).

Whenever a dead body is added, there's also a check so the game doesn't
add a duplicate dead body if there's already a dead body that exists
with the same exact position and drawframe.

---
## [mdhaber/scipy](https://github.com/mdhaber/scipy)@[ea2b4e95f9...](https://github.com/mdhaber/scipy/commit/ea2b4e95f98c2f6de44896b340222e8fa841d67d)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 05:00:47 by Matt Haberland

ENH: stats: add unmodified BiasedUrn from stocc.h provided by Agner Fog

---------- Forwarded message ---------
From: Agner Fog <agner@agner.org>
Date: Wed, Jul 22, 2020 at 8:54 PM
Subject: Re: Add BiasedUrn to SciPy?
To: Matt Haberland <mhaberla@calpoly.edu>
Cc: Warren Weckesser <warren.weckesser@gmail.com>
Dear Matt
The C++ code for these distributions without binding to the R project are available here: https://www.agner.org/random/stocc.zip
You have my permission to use it in SciPy under the new BSD license.
Best regards,
Agner Fog

 On 22/07/2020 17.05, Matt Haberland wrote:
 Hi Agner,
 I'm a maintainer of the Python scientific computing library SciPy, and I'm working on improving the capabilities of our statistics subpackage scipy.stats. We'd like to add both Fisher's and Wallenius' noncentral hypergeometric distributions, but these look quite challenging to implement. We found your BiasedUrn package, and we'd love to wrap it, but we can't include GPL-3 licensed code under our BSD-new license. Would you consider re-licensing BiasedUrn under a more permissive license, such as BSD-new or MIT, so we can include it in SciPy?
 Thank you for considering it!
 Matt
 --
 Matt Haberland
 Assistant Professor
 BioResource and Agricultural Engineering
 08A-3K, Cal Poly

---
## [SuperiorOS/android_frameworks_base](https://github.com/SuperiorOS/android_frameworks_base)@[5b6cbfc61c...](https://github.com/SuperiorOS/android_frameworks_base/commit/5b6cbfc61c4d05407de4a20bc12406dac155c107)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 05:41:08 by ezio84

Hidden gestural bar: fix visual glitches when switching states

hacky way but it works (TODO: find a proper fix in the new year,
i don't have motivation to dig into navbar/keyguard code fuckery now lol)

setting the height to 1px keeps the navbar almost invisible
but fixes the annoying visual glitches when going from screen
off to ambient pulsing or lockscreen (more noticeable on some devices
like bonito)
to replicate the issue without this commit:
- screen ON, then screen off, then double tap to go to ambient,
then double tap to go to lockscreen, then double tap to switch screen off,
then switch screen on again
- or just switch screen off/on a few times with the power button

Also sync the hide pill code with Pulse hide pill feature

Change-Id: Ib1cc83492f8a091be5cac4563d844010cef69dbc
Signed-off-by: Joey Huab <joey@evolution-x.org>
Signed-off-by: Jayant-Deshmukh <jayantdeshmuk008@gmail.com>

---
## [DuldR/AppAcaJavascript](https://github.com/DuldR/AppAcaJavascript)@[f9122e6e65...](https://github.com/DuldR/AppAcaJavascript/commit/f9122e6e654ba72e67f020655d196f9d72e5f6ad)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 06:10:31 by Garrett

Got it. Not even related to my code hoyl shit I hate javascript. Deep object create and assign are only shallow copies and dont allow for deep. Just set another variable to the stupid fucking reference and add ot it.

---
## [ShapeShiftOS/android_packages_apps_Launcher3](https://github.com/ShapeShiftOS/android_packages_apps_Launcher3)@[f15a250950...](https://github.com/ShapeShiftOS/android_packages_apps_Launcher3/commit/f15a2509504e4658d874145bb47df970ce717886)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 09:05:35 by Alex Cruz

Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1
Signed-off-by: Pranav Vashi <neobuddy89@gmail.com>

---
## [cam900/mame](https://github.com/cam900/mame)@[47079db1b0...](https://github.com/cam900/mame/commit/47079db1b013aacfb92073483a4a9c4bd611e21f)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 09:28:34 by wilbertpol

WonderSwan updates: (#7428)

bus/wswan: Add preliminary support for wonderwitch. [Wilbert Pol]

cpu/v30mz: [Wilbert Pol]
- Rename segment registers.
- Add a callback to retrieve the interrupt vector.
- Add prefetch queue and PFP register.
- Add 1 cycle penalty when reading or writing a word from an unaligned address.
- Add 1 cycle penalty when calculating effective address from multiple registers.
- Removed not supported nec extended instructions.
- Change address space width to word.

wswan: [Wilbert Pol]
- Adjust cpu cycles when performing DMA.
- Updated default internal eeprom for WonderSwan Color with name ‘WONDERSWANCOLOR’.
- Fix off-by-one error in window drawing.
- Major update to the software lists documenting hardware and rom labels and locations.

wscolor - New working software list additions
----------------------------------------------
Digimon Adventure 02 - D1 Tamers (Rev 1)
Digital Monster Card Game - Ver. WonderSwan Color (Rev 2)
Digital Monster - D-Project (Rev 1)
Digimon Tamers - Digimon Medley
Hunter X Hunter - Greed Island (Rev 1)
From TV Animation One Piece - Treasure Wars (Rev 1)

wscolor - New not working software list additions
-------------------------------------------------
mama Mitte'

wscolor - Replaced software list items
--------------------------------------
Dicing Knight. [anon]
Judgement Silversword - Rebirth Edition (Rev. SC21)

wswan - New working software list additions
---------------------------------------------
Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon for WonderSwan (Rev 3)
Chocobo no Fushigi na Dungeon for WonderSwan (Rev 1)
Digimon Adventure 02 - Tag Tamers (Rev 0)
Digimon Adventure - Anode Tamer (Rev 1)
Digimon Adventure Campaign Limited Version
Keitai Gyogun Tanchiki - WonderSwan Handy Sonar (Rev 2)
Harobots (Rev 1)
Hunter X Hunter - Ishi o Tsugu Mono (Rev 1)
Mahjong Touryuumon (Rev 1)
Super Robot Taisen Compact (Rev 1)
SD Gundam - Emotional Jam (Rev 2)
SD Gundam Gashapon Senki - Episode 1 (alt)

wscolor - Software list items promoted to working
--------------------------------------------------
Super Robot Taisen Compact for WonderSwan Color
Cardcaptor Sakura - Sakura to Fushigi na Clow Card

wswan - Replaced software list items
-------------------------------------
Armored Unit
Crazy Climber
Clock Tower for WonderSwan
Glocal Hexcite
Gomoku Narabe & Reversi - Touryuumon
Hanafuda Shiyouyo
Keiba Yosou Shien Soft - Yosou Shinkaron
Morita Shougi for WonderSwan
Nobunaga no Yabou for WonderSwan
Sangokushi II for WonderSwan
Shougi Touryuumon
Slither Link
Soccer Yarou! - Challenge the World
Taikyoku Igo - Heisei Kiin
Trump Collection 2 - Bottom-Up Teki Sekaiisshuu no Tabi
Trump Collection - Bottom-Up Teki Trump Seikatsu

wswan - Software list items promoted to working
-------------------------------------------------
Clock Tower for WonderSwan
Meitantei Conan - Nishi no Meitantei Saidai no Kiki!
Super Robot Taisen Compact 2 - Dai-1-bu - Chijou Gekidou Hen
Super Robot Taisen Compact 2 - Dai-2-bu - Uchuu Gekishin Hen (Rev 4)
Super Robot Taisen Compact 2 - Dai-3-bu - Ginga Kessen Hen (Rev 2)
Super Robot Taisen Compact (Rev 0)

wswan - Software list items demoted to not working
----------------------------------------------------
Magical Drop for WonderSwan
MobileWonderGate (Rev 1)
Wonder Borg Robot Works
Robot Works (Asia)

---
## [rahil373/BillingProgram](https://github.com/rahil373/BillingProgram)@[6d84baf845...](https://github.com/rahil373/BillingProgram/commit/6d84baf8457acebe92f923e78e494a7d90fac5df)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 09:51:44 by Rahil Sayed

Create Purchasing Information and Receipts for Lovely Loveseats

We’ve decided to pursue the dream of small-business ownership and open up a furniture store called Lovely Loveseats for Neat Suites on Fleet Street. With our newfound knowledge of Python programming, we’re going to build a system to help speed up the process of creating receipts for your customers.

In this project, we will be storing the names and prices of a furniture store’s catalog in variables. You will then process the total price and item list of customers, printing them to the output terminal.

---
## [newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria)@[01a30416dd...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria/commit/01a30416ddcd6ed4fc29d097994e8689bdd96b39)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 10:15:44 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [dailypost.ng/2021/01/02/i-killed-my-girlfriend-because-she-was-pregnant-29-year-old-confesses/]

---
## [loveJesus/aleluya-android-spongypgp](https://github.com/loveJesus/aleluya-android-spongypgp)@[311829c972...](https://github.com/loveJesus/aleluya-android-spongypgp/commit/311829c972b7cfce06fda905dfdce84066d1d5c4)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 11:34:15 by brian love JESUS

Create README.md

For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that all who believe in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.

---
## [ValheruGR/BFME2](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2)@[e66cce6b00...](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2/commit/e66cce6b0048d6f1f7956added2da913b2bfba0f)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 12:11:43 by ecthelion5109

Ok im gunna make an addon, i thought u would push something this morning.
Addon5.

Note for me: in b21a4 green and skyblue colors no longer look like the same shit but they are so ugly nobody picks them.

---
## [Swatinem/cargo](https://github.com/Swatinem/cargo)@[d274fcf862...](https://github.com/Swatinem/cargo/commit/d274fcf862b89264fa2c6b917b15230705257317)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 12:17:41 by bors

Auto merge of #8953 - hkennyv:clarify-package-edition-docs, r=Eh2406

Clarify cargo manifest edition field docs

addresses #8951

This PR aims to clarify the documentation for the `edition` field in the Cargo manifest.

The confusion (IME) stems from the behavior of `cargo new` (defaults to writing edition = "2018") being confused for the default behavior of how Cargo interprets the manifest (`edition` is an optional key, defaults to 2015).

would love to get some other thoughts on how we can clarify this since it seems like I'm not the only one who got confused `@Eh2406`

---
## [LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto](https://github.com/LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto)@[443804a731...](https://github.com/LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto/commit/443804a731e98e00575ba72c50748707580b62a3)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 13:24:04 by LDR

Add files via upload

And into the new year she is still screaming about James.

So the latest bullshit is her screaming James is some Emily Rose scammer. Yeah. Emily Rose is an Actress that was on Haven the series that aired on scifi. Why is Emily attached to this. Because she found some odd ball shit in an email from secondlife of someone called Emily Rose. Likely a simple wrong IM, sent it to the wrong person and because they never heard from the person, realized they messaged wrong person and got in touch with the right one. But to Emily that is all some conspiracy that James, her step dad, scammed people.  

And also look at the songs. Is that creepy? Its creepy. She is associating songs meant for an ex lover to her Step Dad. As I was telling my Cohort in crime AKA Ruin, lastnight. I feel that due to the schizoaffective disorder, she is trying to put herself into her mothers place, so James will react to her the in the same way, IE loving and nurturing. Of course he will not, because she is not her mother and she has tormented him for ages now. I really do believe it is because she is infatuated with james being the older father figure and... BLEGH! Its not a pretty sight to say the least.

---
## [thesadru/animethemes-dl](https://github.com/thesadru/animethemes-dl)@[a6ce732433...](https://github.com/thesadru/animethemes-dl/commit/a6ce732433b16914f575ae0514360526ad5be210)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 19:10:42 by thesadru

Raising TimeoutError instead of returning it.

Oh god, why was this a thing, I hate myself.

---
## [7ep/r3z](https://github.com/7ep/r3z)@[8447bb612e...](https://github.com/7ep/r3z/commit/8447bb612ee76633bac497073fb17e7715af8a2e)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 20:27:55 by Byron Katz

Fixing a version problem, upgrade to gradle 6.7.1

When I tried running a Github action, it complained:

e: /home/runner/work/r3z/r3z/src/main/kotlin/coverosR3z/misc/GeneralUtilities.kt: (123, 35): Type mismatch: inferred type is Charset but String! was expected

I recognize that error.  It is what happens when the JDK we're running on is below version 11.

You have no idea how frustrating this was to research.  I sort of cheated to figure this out: the gradle project had an example of how to do this for Kotlin, at:

https://github.com/gradle/gradle/blob/master/subprojects/docs/src/snippets/java/toolchain-kotlin/groovy/build.gradle

Honestly, there's *no way* I would have figured this out otherwise.  And I only accidentally stumbled on that file after hours of searching.

---
## [starfleetcadet75/gdbstub](https://github.com/starfleetcadet75/gdbstub)@[e9f9fde905...](https://github.com/starfleetcadet75/gdbstub/commit/e9f9fde905148b16b86fc6ca2a8165f6fdff379a)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 20:48:29 by Daniel Prilik

revert back to having target_ext under target::ext

oh boy I sure do love wiffle-waffling!

seriously though, I'm not sure what I was thinking with the old system.
I think it might have been something to do with how "base" extensions
aren't really extensions? Ehh, who knows.

All I know is that this approach makes significantly more sense.

Oh, and all the docs broke because of this change. So, uh, gotta fix
those in the next commit.

---
## [SpokeyWheeler/batcher](https://github.com/SpokeyWheeler/batcher)@[a4071d1392...](https://github.com/SpokeyWheeler/batcher/commit/a4071d1392f6c8685aec9283f7fe8644775aa46b)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 20:52:14 by spwh

fix(testing): travis doesn't like Maria, so I'm dropping it for now

Bloody hell. CI with multiple databases is very, very hard. I've tried CircleCI, GitHub Actions and
Travis. All of them has some weird wrinkle. My favourite was MariaDB/Travis - on Bionic, It Just
Worked and I couldn't get MySQL working for love or money. When I switched to Focal, MySQL Just
Worked and Maria ghosted me. Anyway, I want to move on to goreleaser failings, so I'm calling it
quits on multiple databases. I've had the code working with Cockroach, MariaDB, MySQL and PostgreSQL
on my laptop, but I just can't get a CI build that will get all four databases up.

---
## [Miouyouyou/fantastic-adventure](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/fantastic-adventure)@[eb76798e53...](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/fantastic-adventure/commit/eb76798e53841b7a0614a8ffaf3b6f5695bdd8f4)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 22:50:28 by Miouyouyou (Myy)

VR Automatic setup: Half working edition

VR... is really starting to get on my nerves...

That said, putting the model behind the ARVRCamera was
a serious mistake, but it's the kind of mistake you
cannot really see, unless you setup a mirror (which
is still isn't done correclty), or if you think about
it.

The main problem with putting the model behind the
camera is that you get a turret character, the kind of
behaviour you can replicate on some MMO game by
rotating the camera around yourself.
So basically your character will never turn its head...
Which isd bad.

Since I was recently able to focus the VR character
forward and have it synchronized with the PlayerRigidBody,
the next step (for alpha 2 perhapas) will be :
* Reset the ARVRCamera to a "good" state (we will first
  take into account the 'good' scenario where the user
  has its headset on)
* Save the current position on every frame and compare
  it with the previous one and the replicate any move
  by :
  1. Moving the Player and then either :
  2.a Resetting the ARVRCamera position
  2.b Apply an offset to the ARVROrigin that equates
      to the current distance between the Player and
      the ARVRCamera

This free moving camera on which you have no control
is still posing issues, when it comes to setup the
camera based on the model... But again, I'm currently
trying to cheat by placing the model behind the camera,
so there's that too...

Meanwhile, I've been able to do an autosetup for the
moment. It kind of work, but some fiddling is still
required to get it right with the current hacks...

This will have to do the trick, as always, since this
is, like, one of the final piece before releasing alpha1.

Signed-off-by: Miouyouyou (Myy) <myy@miouyouyou.fr>

---
## [mexisme/nixos-hardware](https://github.com/mexisme/nixos-hardware)@[bf79f84768...](https://github.com/mexisme/nixos-hardware/commit/bf79f84768b59cb9ac2e6678da5f661c9a2d1f6a)
#### Saturday 2021-01-02 23:24:21 by mexisme

Copy the IPTS kernel patch from the 5.5 dir to the 5.4 dir.

Conversation on https://gitter.im/linux-surface/community suggested this would
reenable IPTS on 5.4:

-----
@matrixbot Feb 29 15:33
hpfr Blaž Hrastnik (Gitter): thanks for the mention. mexisme (Gitter) finally, someone who actually knows Nix and isn't just a config nerd writing proper NixOS Surface configs! I am stuck on 4.19 at the moment because IPTS is now a proper reverse-engineered kernel driver (https://github.com/linux-surface/intel-precise-touch) instead of just a blob package, and I haven't had time to look at how to package that for Nix. If you're on 5.5, are you just not using IPTS? Would love to help out on packaging that for NixOS
hpfr also, development conversations seem to happen more at #linux-surface on freenode, which you can connect to with matrix via https://matrix.to/#/!OXIGGPCpnzaNVeGtCA:matrix.org if you don't like IRC clients

@matrixbot Feb 29 15:39
hpfr Also, I'm not using jakeday's patches, I'm using the more recent ones from the linux-surface/linux-surface repo, but yeah, for 4.19, so they're a bit different from the 5.x patchsets. afaik 4.19 is still supported because it's the last LTS release that supports the "official" IPTS blob before Linux made changes that required reverse engineering a driver that didn't use GuC submission (I'm just quoting here, I have no idea what that is haha)

@matrixbot Feb 29 19:27
Blaž > now a proper reverse-engineered kernel driver
Should be similar to before, we just offer it as a patch
Blaž https://github.com/linux-surface/linux-surface/blob/master/patches/5.5/0007-ipts.patch
Blaž Anyway I'm keeping an eye out on your NixOS builds since I'm thinking about giving it a try

@matrixbot Feb 29 19:32
Blaž Currently running Arch but using nix as a way to manage development environments for various projects

@matrixbot Mar 01 10:41
hpfr Blaž: well shoot is that patch all that’s necessary for building in-tree? It does all the things the linux-surface/intel-precise-touch repo does?

Dorian Stoll @StollD Mar 01 12:56
Yes
Just adds all the files from the repo to drivers/input/touchscreen and adds the necessary glue to drivers/input/touchscreen/{Makefile, Kconfig}

@matrixbot Mar 02 09:13
hpfr Dorian Stoll (Gitter): oof. Could’ve been on 5.4+ all this time!

---

# [<](2021-01-01.md) 2021-01-02 [>](2021-01-03.md)

