# [<](2021-11-14.md) 2021-11-15 [>](2021-11-16.md)

3,489,934 events, 1,792,647 push events, 2,688,165 commit messages, 200,051,401 characters


## [xxgeek/LibertyBasicHelpLabandProjectOrganizer](https://github.com/xxgeek/LibertyBasicHelpLabandProjectOrganizer)@[e3d3c64650...](https://github.com/xxgeek/LibertyBasicHelpLabandProjectOrganizer/commit/e3d3c6465074d4ba3c0d4d52b419b9e38ec42cf5)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 00:28:17 by xxgeek

Create README.md

'Name = Liberty Basic v4.5.1 Help Lab and Project Organizer v1.0
'Author(s) - xxgeek, cundo, Carl Gundel
'Date - Nov 2021
'_Visit the Liberty Basic forums @ https://libertybasiccom.proboards.com/ for more information.
'_Purpose - To help new users learn to code in Liberty Basic v4.5.1

'_This program is a collection of other programs written by other users,_
'_ and by Carl Gundel(creator of the Liberty Basic language)_
'_Credit goes to cundo for the jbsearch (an engine to search the jb help files) _
'_Credit also goes to cundo for the fastcode code generator that creates _
'_the shell "Window" Code _
'_Credit goes to Rod for SpriteCreator and many answers to my questions _
' and must add, a shared enthusiasm and passion for coding and helping others
'_Credit goes to Carl Gundel for his Dictionary code and his quick responses _
'_to questions regarding Liberty Basic's nuances and buried details _
'_Credit goes to tsh73 for his inspiration, advice, help, and most of all his _
'_code "proof of concept" which was the initial code to show that a TKN file _
'_can be created programatically that got this project moving forward. _
'_Credit goes to the following members who helped with all questions posed while _
'_learning to code in Liberty Basic v4.5.1 _
'_B+ for his many code samples and his desire to help others learn to code,
' not to mention his exceptional skills regarding math +(geomentry) and graphics coding
' enzo for his enthusiasm, his superb ideas, his willingness to help others, and the
' "OutoftheBox" kind of thinking he exibits
'_code (yes "code" is a member) he writes some good code, and code helps me out
' as well, so he gets a mention here too.
' Hope I didn't forget anyone, if I did, it's cause my memory can fail me.
' Sorry, let me know if I forgot YOU.

'All are members of the Liberty Basic  forums, and waiting to help YOU when you
' decide to code in Liberty Basic Just ask for help at the Liberty Basic forums and
'they (and I) will help with whatever you need regarding Liberty Basic

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[9f733ab06d...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/9f733ab06dbbef48bf766eec058868cfad1ea78a)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 00:43:16 by gagan sidhu

47644 update. randy marsh says autotune is the new magic

** UPDATE IS CRUCIAL FOR PRE-47525 BUILDS, AS THERE IS AN HTTPD
  BUG THAT WILL ALLOW AN ATTACKER TO GAIN ENTRY WITH THE WRONG
  USERNAME ****

- nothing to really scream about. just an openvpn, ncurses (6.3) and
  some other eop-tunnel updates.

fuck you guys, i'll use this as many fucking times as i want. sincerely
yours, the washington fucking redskins. GO FUCK YOURSELF!

tested and working

* Shelly's room, evening. Randy knocks on her door *

Randy
        Shelly, that's enough time on your phone.

Shelly
        Leave me alone, Dad! Stop nagging me all the time!

Randy
        You know we're all cutting down on phone time.

Shelly
        [sits up]

        Don't limit me! You don't even understand me!

Randy
        [sees a poster of himself as <'famous' "musician">,
        his secret identity]

        Yeah. I don't understand you at all. A lot you know.

        [walks away saddened]

        *   The Marsh garage    *

*  Randy is adding more stacks of cash to those already  *
*    hidden behind the poster. A door opens and Randy    *
*            quickly seals it up.                        *

* He gets to his workbench just as Stan closes the door. *

Stan
        Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.

Randy
        Oh really? A-About... about what?

Stan
        Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on
        the outside but totally different on the inside?

        [Randy sighs deeply and stands up to walk]

        I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be
        something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Randy
        Yes. Yes, Stan. I am <'famous' "musician">.

Stan
        ...What?

Randy
        It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson.
        He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know?
        Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got
        fed up and pretended to be a woman.
        I called myself <'famous' "musician">. Have you ever been in a
        woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls
        for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was
        in there, and then I- started writing things down.

Stan
        Well you said you knew a guy at work who was
        <'famous' "musician">'s uncle.

Randy
        Yah, that's my cover.

Stan
        The chick that wrote the theme song to the new
        <shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>, is you?

Randy
        Yeah.

        [turns around and faces Stan]

        The record company messed it all up. It was supposed to go:

            "<shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>,
            yah yah yah, yah yah yah! <shitty recession stimulus-funded
            book and movie series>."

        But they just- do what they want with my songs.

Stan
        Wha-wait, <'famous' "musician"> sounds like a girl.

Randy
        Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?

        [moments later, a music program pops up.
        Twelve tracks are shown at lower left]

        I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work.

        I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.

        [plays the highlighted track]

            "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn'
            thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"

            [farts and poop noises]

            "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Stan
        Dad, <'famous' "musician">'s music is actually really good.

Randy
        Thanks.

        But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.

        [replays the same track with drum loops added]

        Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.

        [brings up the quantizer and chooses his settings]

        Backup instruments.

        [scale, beats, bass, tambourine, guitars, strings]

        And then finally I use the Autotune.

        ["Auto-Tuner v10." He chooses his settings there, and
        the song is transformed. The same track is now enhanced
        with <no name shitty "musician">'s voice and no trace of Randy]

            "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday.
            Givine me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn.
            What I need is a little bit of shelter."

        [this is all too much for Stan to take in, and he passes out.]

        [Randy notices]

        Stan?

---
## [Seris02/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Seris02/Skyrat-tg)@[25d1a5e7a2...](https://github.com/Seris02/Skyrat-tg/commit/25d1a5e7a238ae3e5935b3090c3cd41b889e7cb4)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 02:06:59 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Fixes a few hard deletes and runtimes I either caused, or ran into when trying to fix hard deletes [MDB IGNORE] (#8713)

* Fixes a few hard deletes and runtimes I either caused, or ran into when trying to fix hard deletes (#61953)

Please don't try and send chat messages if you have nothing to say
Fixes a spurious runtime.
Fixes a runtime caused by my lack of understanding of huds. remove_hud_from is intended for hud watchers, remove_from_hud is intended for hud items. Doesn't really make sense most of the time, and just runtimes out the ass
Fixes a runtime in shapeshifting, restore should not run if the object is not restoring, or if it's deleting. it should run if it's not restoring, and it's not deleted. 4head
Fun fact, if there's two turret control boards they'll override each other. Use weakrefs. Oh also removes a var called cp, nothing good will come of that
Today in: Good lord the stacking machine is an afront to god, we discover that the labor claims console was attempting to act as a console, which of course fails when it comes time to clear it's improperly named var. Disgusting
Attempts to fix potential wound ref hangs in surgeries? maybe?
Fixes a runtime in luminescent stuff I created in my big harddel crusade. owner is a mob, not a species
Fixes a runtime related to headspikes deleting themselves twice. Pain
Fixes hard deletes sourced from the prophet trauma. Good fucking lord this is awful
Offhand item is somehow hard deleting. I have no idea how. Here's hoping signals fixes it, because if it doesn't I'm stumped. It's not a common scenario, but it does happen in spurts that suggest repeated usage

* Fixes a few hard deletes and runtimes I either caused, or ran into when trying to fix hard deletes

* Update turret_id_system.dm

* Update turret_id_system.dm

Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Gandalf <jzo123@hotmail.com>

---
## [zaataylor/poetry](https://github.com/zaataylor/poetry)@[9bf47ca8ce...](https://github.com/zaataylor/poetry/commit/9bf47ca8ce7724bafbd3a3f7c1c1e8e228774ebb)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 02:15:04 by Zachary A. Taylor

Add "wfh"

This is a continuation of my fooling around with the idea of multimedia/software-enhanced poetry. This is my first time using the "say" command to recite a poem. I think that Alex (the default "say" command's voice on my machine) did a good job! You can see the YouTube video with Alex's audio here: https://youtu.be/I-5ra_jJl78 :)

This poem is meant to describe the day-to-day variability in my perceptions of WFH. I find that it can be anxiety inducing or mostly pleasant, but the nature of work itself often leads me to ask what else is out there to fill my time, and thus my life, with. On unfavorable days, I find that being divorced from the organizational context provided by the office environment makes what I'm doing seem quite trivial. However, on great days, the minute control I have over my home environment enables me to attain amazing flow states, and I carry a sense of purpose throughout the day. Most days are somewhere between those two extremes.

Some stylistic notes:
The indentation in the poem somewhat mimics my perception of how the day seems to stretch out and then end abruptly; it was also just an arbitrary convention I felt moved to add as I was writing. The numbers prefacing most lines indicate hours of the working day. Poetry is by its nature quite open to interpretation. For some reason, there's a part of my brain that likes to make that sort of "poetic polysemy" more explicit by deliberately introducing structures that hint at the existence of alternative interpretations.

---
## [Tonyx97/TombMP](https://github.com/Tonyx97/TombMP)@[949cf38681...](https://github.com/Tonyx97/TombMP/commit/949cf38681c920a91dd28a563c8362264a512efc)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 02:37:58 by Tony Pérez

WTF IS THIS SHIT, ALMOST THERE !!

I THINK WE HAVE TO GET RID OF THE STUPID 0x0 TEXTURES TO AVOID WEIRD JOINT BLACKNESS!!

---
## [Seris02/tgstation](https://github.com/Seris02/tgstation)@[748563d49a...](https://github.com/Seris02/tgstation/commit/748563d49a7e42abddbd6486fca0941241850c22)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 05:29:05 by Seris02

god fuckin damnit I committed that suggestion without thinking

---
## [CodingC1402/EzHRMApp](https://github.com/CodingC1402/EzHRMApp)@[7fcdc3575f...](https://github.com/CodingC1402/EzHRMApp/commit/7fcdc3575fbc73477b5b74a8a7fec9e75b29a8d3)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 05:38:12 by Nguyen Pham

Time to rush (#30)

* stupid ass project

* make popup message better

* fuck this date time picker

* FUCK THIS MAN

* add employee will now add a default account with employee id as account

* finally done witht the employee view : ^)

* fixed stupid shits?

---
## [kevdouglass/Kubernetes-django-channels](https://github.com/kevdouglass/Kubernetes-django-channels)@[28455ea42c...](https://github.com/kevdouglass/Kubernetes-django-channels/commit/28455ea42cf63bdfdeef1e9f48b88602614b9a80)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 06:44:04 by kevdouglass

After I was able to run Websockets at our working session at class the other day, I thought the websocket (echo) script had been working. However, once I tested at home - I ran into the same error that Meher was having which was 'Django Channels Error - Cannot import BACKEND 'asgi_redis.RedisChannelLayer'. This makes sense -- if you look in our mysite/settings.py > CHANNEL_LAYERS dictionary, we a referencing a key,value pair of type 'BACKEND': 'channels_redis.core.RedisChannelLayer' and we had no RedisChannelLayer yet installed with PIP. Kinda funny that it worked at all off PORT 6379. Anyways, that is fixed after this commit/Push to Git :)

---
## [Lamby777/Carbonado-coin](https://github.com/Lamby777/Carbonado-coin)@[c7750f188b...](https://github.com/Lamby777/Carbonado-coin/commit/c7750f188bfbbd61b7cdab75afd0f47f08f6504d)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 07:04:27 by Dexie

After 10 years of YAML and Cue nonsense and errors, I have finally found god's blessing (aka HJSON)

---
## [arcticfrostx/i3-rice](https://github.com/arcticfrostx/i3-rice)@[c3218dbac4...](https://github.com/arcticfrostx/i3-rice/commit/c3218dbac43c5905351b16e945d145ea7bd0e7c7)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 07:14:29 by arcticfrostx

no changes i just want to express the fact that i spent 45 fucking minutes trying to get the previous push to work and it finally did, fuck you git

---
## [petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3)@[9d9a3fcd5d...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3/commit/9d9a3fcd5ddaa43ea2f568b717e6fca6f973992d)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 10:47:50 by petrero

6.1. Fetching Relations

  Each published Question in the database will now be related to approximately 5 answers. Head to the homepage and click into a question. Time to replace this hardcoded craziness with real, dynamic answers.

  Querying for Answers with findBy()
  - This means that we need to find all the answers for this specific Question. How can we do that? When we ran the make:entity command to create the Answer entity, it also generated an AnswerRepository class. And you might remember from the last tutorial that these repository classes have some nice, built-in methods for querying, like findBy() where we can find all the answers in the database that match some criteria, like WHERE votes = 5 or WHERE question_id = the id of some question.

  Open the controller for this page: src/Controller/QuestionController.php... it's the show() action. Autowire the AnswerRepository service as an argument.

  Then, below, say $answers = $answerRepository->findBy() and pass this an array that should be used to build the WHERE statement in the query. To find all the answers WHERE the question_id matches this question, pass question set to the $question object. Remember: by this point, Doctrine has already used the slug in the URL to query for the Question object.

  The important thing here is that, when we call findBy(), we don't say 'question_id' => ... or 'question' => $question->getId(). No! With Doctrine, we need to stop thinking about the database: we need to think only about the objects. We want to find all the Answer objects whose question property equals this  object.

  Behind the scenes, Doctrine will be smart enough to query WHERE the question_id column matches the id from this object.

  Let's dump & die the  variable... and go see what it looks like. Refresh.

  Yes! This dumps an array of answers! Apparently this question is only related to two answers. Let's go pick a different one with more answers... cool! This question is related to four answers. That's, checks math, twice as interesting.

  So... yay! Want to fetch all the Answer objects related to a Question? We just saw that you can do that by querying for the Answer entity and treating the question property like any normal property... except that you pass an entire Question object into the query.

---
## [petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3)@[575a176d28...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3/commit/575a176d280ba2dfd9ec4bcb08dcf211de6ca0e9)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 10:47:50 by petrero

6.3. Fetching Relations

  Relations are Lazy-Loaded
  - The second thing to know is that when we query for a Question, Doctrine basically executes a SELECT * FROM question query. It grabs all the data from the question table and puts it onto the properties of the Question object. But, it does not immediately query the answer table for the related answers data. Nope, Doctrine doesn't query for the answers until - and unless - we actually use the $answers property. So, at this moment, it has not yet made the query for the answers data... which is why you don't see them inside this collection object. This feature is called "lazy loading".

  Check this out: back in QuestionController, remove the dd()... and foreach over the $answers collection. Inside, do a normal dump() of the $answer variable.

  It's pretty crazy, but the moment that we foreach over the $answers collection - so the moment that we actually start using the answers data - Doctrine will query for that data.

  We can see this! Refresh. Because we don't have a die() statement, the dump() shows up down in the web debug toolbar. And... yes! It found the same 4 answers!

  Click the Doctrine icon on the toolbar to jump into its profiler... and look at the queries. There are two. First Doctrine queries for the question data. Then a moment later - at the moment the foreach line is executed - it queries FROM answer WHERE question_id = the id of this specific question. So, Doctrine lazily loads the answers data: it only makes the query once we force it to.

  Anyways, we have answers! So next, let's pass these into the template, render their data, find an even easier way to do this and finally bring our answer-voting system to life by saving real vote totals to the database.

---
## [petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3)@[9a247d5873...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3/commit/9a247d587309c6441de97209270cab4b088b7502)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 11:10:31 by petrero

6.1. Fetching Relations

  Each published Question in the database will now be related to approximately 5 answers. Head to the homepage and click into a question. Time to replace this hardcoded craziness with real, dynamic answers.

  Querying for Answers with findBy()
  - This means that we need to find all the answers for this specific Question. How can we do that? When we ran the make:entity command to create the Answer entity, it also generated an AnswerRepository class. And you might remember from the last tutorial that these repository classes have some nice, built-in methods for querying, like findBy() where we can find all the answers in the database that match some criteria, like WHERE votes = 5 or WHERE question_id = the id of some question.

  Open the controller for this page: src/Controller/QuestionController.php... it's the show() action. Autowire the AnswerRepository service as an argument.

  Then, below, say $answers = $answerRepository->findBy() and pass this an array that should be used to build the WHERE statement in the query. To find all the answers WHERE the question_id matches this question, pass question set to the  object. Remember: by this point, Doctrine has already used the slug in the URL to query for the Question object.

  The important thing here is that, when we call findBy(), we don't say 'question_id' => ... or 'question' => $question->getId(). No! With Doctrine, we need to stop thinking about the database: we need to think only about the objects. We want to find all the Answer objects whose question property equals this  object.

  Behind the scenes, Doctrine will be smart enough to query WHERE the question_id column matches the id from this object.

  Let's dump & die the  variable... and go see what it looks like. Refresh.

  Yes! This dumps an array of answers! Apparently this question is only related to two answers. Let's go pick a different one with more answers... cool! This question is related to four answers. That's, checks math, twice as interesting.

  So... yay! Want to fetch all the Answer objects related to a Question? We just saw that you can do that by querying for the Answer entity and treating the question property like any normal property... except that you pass an entire Question object into the query.

---
## [petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3)@[c61f73abd1...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3/commit/c61f73abd1686b4a55e4a3a50dd7983f3979a983)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 11:10:31 by petrero

6.3. Fetching Relations

  Relations are Lazy-Loaded
  - The second thing to know is that when we query for a Question, Doctrine basically executes a SELECT * FROM question query. It grabs all the data from the question table and puts it onto the properties of the Question object. But, it does not immediately query the answer table for the related answers data. Nope, Doctrine doesn't query for the answers until - and unless - we actually use the  property. So, at this moment, it has not yet made the query for the answers data... which is why you don't see them inside this collection object. This feature is called "lazy loading".

  Check this out: back in QuestionController, remove the dd()... and foreach over the $answers collection. Inside, do a normal dump() of the $answer variable.

  It's pretty crazy, but the moment that we foreach over the $answers collection - so the moment that we actually start using the answers data - Doctrine will query for that data.

  We can see this! Refresh. Because we don't have a die() statement, the dump() shows up down in the web debug toolbar. And... yes! It found the same 4 answers!

  Click the Doctrine icon on the toolbar to jump into its profiler... and look at the queries. There are two. First Doctrine queries for the question data. Then a moment later - at the moment the foreach line is executed - it queries FROM answer WHERE question_id = the id of this specific question. So, Doctrine lazily loads the answers data: it only makes the query once we force it to.

  Anyways, we have answers! So next, let's pass these into the template, render their data, find an even easier way to do this and finally bring our answer-voting system to life by saving real vote totals to the database.

---
## [poula-atef/Vision-Code](https://github.com/poula-atef/Vision-Code)@[bff8fbfff7...](https://github.com/poula-atef/Vision-Code/commit/bff8fbfff7331491029725ff5a366dac60c6973e)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 11:31:03 by Poula Atef Nashed

Create README.md

### what is this app ??
vision is a voice assistant do some operation for users based of voice command.

### Operations

open notepad  ->  open notepad
close notepad  ->  close it
thank you        ->  U R Welcomed ;)

who are you/
introduce yourself/
what is your name/  
how are you         ->  he'll give you it's info        

open control panel  ->  open the main page of control panel
open my computer  ->  open the main page of my computer

who made you/
who is your maker  ->  he'll give you my information ;)

hey vision /vision  ->  you calling him
what is the time  ->  hour minutes and the period(am/pm)
what is the date  ->  day and full date 
what is the weather  ->  open a web  page of weather
good morning  ->  if it was morning will tell you "good morning sir" else will tell you "you mean good afternoon because it the pm period"
good afternoon  ->  if it was afternoon will tell you "good afternoon sir" else will tell you "you mean good morning because it the am period"
stop listening  ->  will not hear any thing tell you wake him up
wake up  ->  start hear your orders
go to sleep  ->  will close itself
open chrome  ->  will open it
close chrome  ->  will colse all of it
open google  ->  will open it
open facebook  ->  will open it
open yahoo  ->  will open it
open telegram  ->  will open it 
open twitter  ->  will open it
open gmail  ->  will open it
open keep  ->  will open it
open maps  ->  will open it
open drive  ->  will open it
open instagram  ->  will open it
search on google  ->  will make you tell him what is the head line you to search about
search on youtube  ->  will make you tell him what is the video target you to search about 
open youtube  ->  will open it

translation  ->  will make you tell him what is the words you to translate and will give you options to choose :
    -from arabic to english
    -from english to arabic

read me a file  ->  will make you choose the text file you want to read and after you choose it you can say (start\wait\continue) 
	            or press the button of the process

back  ->  go back from the open order

## Note
  Put the HeadPhones before run to have a better experience.

---
## [LNP-BP/devcalls](https://github.com/LNP-BP/devcalls)@[d3113b6d6f...](https://github.com/LNP-BP/devcalls/commit/d3113b6d6f96017c757832fe9c0a40204bd434b7)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 12:16:48 by OlKo

Audio recordings of the call on November 3rd, 2021

Agenda:
1. Introduction and tech dive into Bifrost protocol.
2. Q&A session:
- Are the new LNPBPs already written? 
- Will the number of different channel types become ever a problem - for example, must every node have channels of each types to use them?
-  I've understood that it's going to be released at the end of the year, what is going to be released exactly (sorry if it is said, but i lost the sound sometimes)?
- As a not hard core developer it's difficult to imagine the use cases, could we start a brainstorm with some people what kind of dreams we will accomplish? 
- Are there working examples of some RGB operations over Bifrost? Can i work my way to make some RGB transfers in Bifrost with the code published now? 
- How will nodes be incentivised to store Bifrost data?
- Why is it not possible to keep using a legacy channel with the legacy LN connection when you upgrade the channel to Bifrost ? What makes it impossible to "separate states" between legacy and bifrost transactions?
-  I guess ANYPREVOUT would be very nice for Bifrost? What about other possible bitcoin future softforks?

Presentation slides https://github.com/LNP-BP/presentations/blob/master/Presentation%20slides/Bifrost.pdf
YouTube video http://youtube.com/c/lnp-bp

---
## [SilentEnforcer/tgwr-mod](https://github.com/SilentEnforcer/tgwr-mod)@[06b0c545f7...](https://github.com/SilentEnforcer/tgwr-mod/commit/06b0c545f7f41a845307bf1695ca01f62716ec34)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 15:22:54 by fallgelb22061940

fuck you *unfocuses your tree

we can't go on like this, people need to test the original tree

---
## [mime-types/ruby-mime-types](https://github.com/mime-types/ruby-mime-types)@[6c8324d239...](https://github.com/mime-types/ruby-mime-types/commit/6c8324d2396e7698296bbecf376a4a647b258057)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 18:37:46 by Austin Ziegler

Convert to standardrb (#156)

- I mostly don’t care about this, but there are a couple of things that
  Standard does that I disagree with. They are inherited from Rubocop,
  but Standard fixes many of Rubocop’s nonsense rules.

  - Array literal wrappers %i[], %w[], etc. are just ugly and never
    should have become any sort of standard. I would be happier if this
    part of standard were just completely disabled, because it‘s
    unnecessary and wrong.

  - Quote literals having to be %q() is equally wrong. I’ve avoided the
    issue here because the generated gemspec uses both "unnecessary"
    quote literals (it’s necessary if I say it’s necessary) and the
    wrong wrappers (I wouldn’t use %q<>, but this is generated code).

- I still think that short hashes can be `{ foo: "bar" }`, but I’m
  mostly using Elixir these days, so I don’t mind `%{foo: "bar"}`, so
  I can get used to it in Ruby. It still feels wrong, almost 20 years
  in.

- There are semantic differences between and / &&, or / ||, but in some
  cases the reformatted code is substantially _worse_ to read. Again,
  I mostly don’t _care_ about this difference, but Rubocop’s insistence
  is silly; these should only be replaced where there _is_ ambiguity.

  - Replacing `x = foo or next` should never be replaced with `(x = foo)
    || next`. That’s replacing something that is somewhat readable with
    something damned-near unreadable. Both should be replaced with:

    ```ruby
    x = foo
    next unless x
    ```

- YAML.safe_load works differently between Psych 2.x and Psych 3.x, so
  some updates have been made to make that work cleanly.

Overall, this introduces a lot of churn, but I think will be easier to
deal with updates to `standardrb` instead of the rapid churn that has
been Rubocop.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5bf34cb159...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5bf34cb159205a08ad3ffeb9bf5026a600e8af6f)
#### Monday 2021-11-15 18:43:52 by Marko Grdinić

"10:15am. I am up. Let me chill for a bit.

11:25am. Let me have breakfast here. Who feels like starting now. Yesterday I was doing studies past 1am. I need to decide what I want to do with Lazy Nezumi. Do I risk installing one of the cracked versions? Or do I crank the max on the inbuilt stabilizer and go with that. There is also the post correction option - I expect it to simplify the number of control points. Let me try that out.

11:35am. Yeah, that was it. It does reduce the number of control points. Let me have breakfast.

12:30pm. Done with breakfast and chores. I should start.

12:35pm. Let me start. Now...should I risk installing the cracked Lazy Nezumi or do I rely on the weaker inbuilt stabilizer and post correction? One thing that irks me about the tool is that it slows down all strokes. Since it is not a plugin, but an UI automation tool the inbuilt stabilizer has an advantage of integration over it.

...I am leaning towards skipping. I should get better with drawing strokes over time. The inbuilt one is just enough for me to attempt a proper stroke instead of a fast wild swing. The exercise I was doing yesterday is a pretty extreme case. If I needed to align curves to that degree I'd have been better off with adjusting some of the control points after the post-correction.

Focus me. Let me go with this policy. Now let me stop listening to Reverberation Briah and start going through the Ctrl + Paint videos.

https://youtu.be/7V-DiChjPVg?t=31
> Drawing on an USB tablet is in many ways harder than it is on paper.

Yeah, the scale matters when it comes to precision.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/fluid-linework

This lecture is exactly on the problem plaguing me yesterday.

https://youtu.be/xYX64a4J-HU?t=243

Using layers like this is something to keep in mind.

1:35pm. Stop looking up the archives for Fang Yuan. Watch the line weight video.

2pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/exaggeration

Going through these parts is an absolute slog. I had more fun yesterday trying to figure out a solution to my own problem.

3:05pm. I keep taking breaks, and I am also bored out of skull with this.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/principles-of-design-introduction

Well, I am 2/3rds through the trad section. In two hours I'll be done with it. Let me keep plugging along. This is the only time I'll just be watching lectures. After I am done with the free library I'll move to drawing myself.

3:15pm. Actually the lessons here are worth keeping in mind. I think I can wake up a little.

4:05pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/avoiding-visual-tangents

I can't take this anymore. Let me stop here with the trad section and I will move to the digital stuff. Don't get me wrong, this is very important and I am definitely going to watch it before diving into my own stuff, but it is besides the point. I do not need to know this stuff right now. I want to move my hand and learn the tools of the trade. I can move to this once I've acquired confidence and confirmed that I can do things like sketching, shading and coloring which I expect I should be capable of.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/avoid-mistakes-by-moving-around

Let me move on to the digital section. That should wake me up.

4:20pm. Ah, let me take another break. Then I'll get started.

4:50pm. Let me resume again. Damn it, let me just get to the sketch parts and then I will rev up by enginees.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/brush-control-pt-1
https://youtu.be/-6ECPgA2hjg?t=218

This is interesting. I should pay attention to this.

Ah, the worksheets are jpgs. I thought they would be photoshop files. In that case, for once I should do the exercise.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/alternative-masking-pt-1

This is a really good opportunity to internalize how masks work.

5:20pm. Lunch time. Let me take a break.

6pm. Done with lunch. I have no idea why it took me so long. It is not like I am watching anime on the side, but I am distracted. It seems yesterday and today's videos drained too much of my energy. But now that I have an assignment I am starting to get some of it back. Let me do it. I'll do this exercise and figure out how masking works along the way.

7:45pm. I can't take it anymore. I'll finish the last third of the assignment tomorrow.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/masking-101-pt-1-what-is-a-mask
https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/alternative-masking-pt-2

I'll also leave these side vids for later.

7:55pm. I can't do it till 1am today like I have yesterday. But on the plus side tomorrow I will at least dome some sketching. Hell right now I am doing shading and coloring. But I am not really happy with the process. I get the sense it is taking me longer than it should. And I can't get some of his stuff exactly. Well, I'll figure it out eventually.

I am quite exhausted. Despite having the tablet for 10 days already, I am not happy with the amount of masterworks produced. I'll prove my skills, go back to Blender and finish that female model to get the proper sense of proportion. I'll internalize all the most important stuff that I need to be an artist. It is fine if it takes me a few months. After that I'll go into music. Then after that comes work on Simulacrum. I'll have to do some studying first to figure out how to make the scaffolding for the game, maybe I'll study Unity for that. But otherwise, what I might do is open a Substack for the Heaven's Key dev diary.

I'll be writing, making art and music as I go along, so there might be some value in documenting that and offering a 2 weeks heads up to subscribers. Now, I am not sure if anybody would subscribe to that right away, but unlike with programming, I should be making something of general interest so there is a chance of it picking up.

11/15/2021

11:25am. I slept well I've been slowly going through the Star of the City part in Ruina. It is fun, but it is taking me forever. The game is amazing though, I could be playing Pathfinder or Divinity 2 or anything else, but I have absolutely no desire to play anything but this 2d deck building game as it is so engrossing.

11:30am. Let me start. Let mwatch the masking lectures and I will start drawing.

12:35pm. There are a ton of them in the next section. Well, I should be a bit more active with the use of layers. Also I am a bit annoyed at how things are going. I already had an idea how I should be shading soft and hard edges, and it really annoys me that I threw it all out yesterday. Let me do some painting and then I'll have breakfast. I ended up watching masking videos instead.

1:30pm. Let me take a break here. This is bullshit. I am just wasting my time scribbling back and forth trying to get the gradients right. Maybe I should just work in the illustrator. It just so difficult to draw accurate smooth curves. Right now I am doing it without Lazy Nezumi. Doing this exercise is really hammering home to me just how much I am missing by not using vectors for everything.

Let me eat and do the chores here. It is not a given that I will do my work in CSP.

3:22pm. Let me finally resume. I want to get back to painting.

3:35pm. Is there a way of doing a selection except with curves?

3:40pm. Oh, there fucking is. The options are just well hidden. This will make it much easier to do curves.

4:05pm. Done with the exercise.

Honestly this is quite annoying. At this rate my workflow will essentially be to lay down selectionss using curves and paint that in. The same goes for using the curve tool for curves.

4:15pm. CSP has decent vector functionality, though it is not as good at non destructive stuff as Illustrator. Well, I just have to change my workflow a bit. Every vector shape should be its own layer. That is how it is in the Illustrator.

If I want to get things done quickly I should optimize my workflow.

So far I've done everything in the raster layer, but from here on out I should experiment with vectors. Vectors are going to be a big part of my workflow no doubt about it.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/brush-control-pt-2

Let me go through this.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/brush-agility

Let me watch this first.

5:30pm. I can't believe I've been doing this for so long. What a waste of time. I am doing this in the least efficient way possible.

I should have just used the fill can. Or now I notice that the curve tool has a fill.

Let me have lunch here.

6:25pm. I am back. Let me resume.

My dad wants me to show him how the tablet works, and in truth, I myself am tired of these super beginner lessons. I want to get to sketching. One thing I do not understand is how to do highlights properly. I know that multiply is good for shadows, but what about the lgiht.

So far I've been using the softbrush for shadows, and every time I use it, I cringe invardly.

7:05pm. I am playing with blending modes. Screen, multiply, the dodges and burns are most important as they can be used to darken and lighten an area without changing color. I need to keep them in mind next time.

Now...let me watch some more vids.

7:30pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/how-to-improve-your-digital-sketches-pt-3

Let me leave this for later. I can't do it anymore today.

Let me close here. Next time I am doing shading, I am going to look for an opportunity to use the various blending modes, especially Screen for highlights. That should give me a bit of efficiency.

7:40pm. It is a good thing that the next sections will have some sketching, I can look forward to that. Now, Library of Ruina."

---

# [<](2021-11-14.md) 2021-11-15 [>](2021-11-16.md)

