# [<](2021-11-16.md) 2021-11-17 [>](2021-11-18.md)

3,405,325 events, 1,816,768 push events, 2,750,558 commit messages, 206,771,698 characters


## [NickDongoske/Goodreads-for-movies](https://github.com/NickDongoske/Goodreads-for-movies)@[e62de054d6...](https://github.com/NickDongoske/Goodreads-for-movies/commit/e62de054d6f3bae2fd11dcfbc3c8c06d9eff598e)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 00:04:47 by github username

troubleshooting so much shit i dont even remember what i did

---
## [nasamuffin/git](https://github.com/nasamuffin/git)@[a8b5d40a77...](https://github.com/nasamuffin/git/commit/a8b5d40a77fb917780f58f59498d711a922e2417)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 00:38:32 by Emily Shaffer

submodule: use config to find superproject worktree

Now that submodule.superprojectGitDir is being treated as the point of
truth for whether a repo is a submodule or not, let's use it in `git
rev-parse --show-superproject-working-tree`.

Signed-off-by: Emily Shaffer <emilyshaffer@google.com>

---

This commit may be more of an RFC - to demonstrate what life looks like
if we use submodule.superprojectGitDir as the source of truth. But since
'git rev-parse --show-superproject-working-tree' is used in a lot of
scripts in the wild[1], I'm not so sure it's a great example.

To be honest, I'd prefer to die("Try running 'git submodule update'")
here, but I don't think that's very script-friendly. However, falling
back on the old implementation kind of undermines the idea of treating
submodule.superprojectGitDir as the point of truth. One thought I did
have was to put that error message in builtin/rev-parse.c instead, and
print it to stderr (per usual with user-visible messages) so it doesn't
interfere with scripts, but gives a hint for debugging.

Another thought - captured by the NEEDSWORK in the diff - was that we
could "heal" by adding that config after we know the worktree of the
superproject.

Or, it could be that it won't be a problem for a long time, as anybody
running 'git submodule update' will eventually have that config
specified - that's why I included the traces, so we could try and get an
understanding of how long repos remain in this state where they have
submodules but nobody ran 'git submodule update'. But that will only
give me visibility into submodule users at Google, who we expect to be
making a lot of workflow changes soon, anyway.

1: https://github.com/search?q=%22--show-superproject-working-tree%22&type=code

---
## [intel/tdx](https://github.com/intel/tdx)@[defa3e75eb...](https://github.com/intel/tdx/commit/defa3e75eb4cdbc1c7b8ff037fb0feb04c563810)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 01:18:05 by Kirill A. Shutemov

x86/traps: Add #VE support for TDX guest

Virtualization Exceptions (#VE) are delivered to TDX guests due to
specific guest actions which may happen in either user space or the kernel:

 * Specific instructions (WBINVD, for example)
 * Specific MSR accesses
 * Specific CPUID leaf accesses
 * Access to TD-shared memory, which includes MMIO

In the settings that Linux will run in, virtual exceptions are never
generated on accesses to normal, TD-private memory that has been
accepted.

The #VE handler implementation is simplified by the fact that entry
paths do not trigger #VE and that the handler may not be interrupted.
Specifically, the implementation assumes that the entry paths do not
access TD-shared memory, MMIO regions, or use #VE triggering MSRs,
instructions,  or CPUID leaves that might generate #VE. Interrupts,
including NMIs, are blocked by the hardware starting with #VE delivery
until TDGETVEINFO is called. All of this combined  eliminates the
chance of a #VE during the syscall gap, or paranoid entry paths.

After TDGETVEINFO, #VE could happen in theory (e.g. through an NMI),
but it is expected not to happen because TDX expects NMIs not to
trigger #VEs. Another case where they could happen is if the #VE
exception panics, but in this case there are no guarantees on anything
anyways.

If a guest kernel action which would normally cause a #VE occurs in the
interrupt-disabled region before TDGETVEINFO, a #DF is delivered to the
guest which will result in an oops (and should eventually be a panic, as
it is expected panic_on_oops is set to 1 for TDX guests).

Add basic infrastructure to handle any #VE which occurs in the kernel or
userspace. Later patches will add handling for specific #VE scenarios.

Convert unhandled #VE's (everything, until later in this series) so that
they appear just like a #GP by calling ve_raise_fault() directly.
ve_raise_fault() is similar to #GP handler and is responsible for
sending SIGSEGV to userspace and CPU die and notifying debuggers and
other die chain users.  

Co-developed-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kirill A. Shutemov <kirill.shutemov@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Tony Luck <tony.luck@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kuppuswamy Sathyanarayanan <sathyanarayanan.kuppuswamy@linux.intel.com>

---
## [Whalics/Cube-Dudes](https://github.com/Whalics/Cube-Dudes)@[86def9ff46...](https://github.com/Whalics/Cube-Dudes/commit/86def9ff46fd5fa715a47dbd106effd8d4b38180)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 03:00:06 by Ian Percy

Player's Personal Card Decks, Cards Randomized

-holy fucking shit my brain is so numb
-created deckmanager object
-there are now four decks in the scene
-each deck has a layout grid for spacing and 5 card children objects
-each deck is given randomized cards from index pool on deck manager object

-decks swap locations between turns
-each player can now have their own deck

-still need to do navigation between cards and to make sure players cant access other players decks since they're in the same scene
-brain numb

---
## [thatoneguy650/Los-Santos-RED](https://github.com/thatoneguy650/Los-Santos-RED)@[51b7eecc03...](https://github.com/thatoneguy650/Los-Santos-RED/commit/51b7eecc034e550f6e617cebfa4ea2f2404b256c)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 07:35:49 by thato

more stupid broken fucking bullshit that doesnt work proely for no reason

---
## [kalehege/Test-Laravel-Eloquent-Basics](https://github.com/kalehege/Test-Laravel-Eloquent-Basics)@[f44d129ff6...](https://github.com/kalehege/Test-Laravel-Eloquent-Basics/commit/f44d129ff6ad360396b38061d0cb8a3dc6a00c78)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 10:58:51 by Chamoth Tharidu

Create ProjectObserver.php

its fuckinh shit. i have pain ,but i complete it :angel:

---
## [universal5433/android_device_samsung_trelte-common](https://github.com/universal5433/android_device_samsung_trelte-common)@[0de4626006...](https://github.com/universal5433/android_device_samsung_trelte-common/commit/0de4626006a8a401541717f8cc9bb869cf0faee1)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 13:07:34 by Anan Jaser

trelte-common: binderize GNSS

* Fixes marshal_agps_ril_request_setid gnss crash

When using gnss passthrough, we get the following crash message on multiple S2 tab devices including T710,
T810, T815, etc on a daily basis (< 24 hours).

By switching to hwbinder, the same users who were experiencing daily crashes can now go +100 hours with no crashes.

However, in order for gnss hwbinder to work, both passthrough and hwbinder must be specified in device.mk otherwise
tablet will get stuck at boot animation complaining that it cannot find gnss passthrough implementation.  The gnss
hwbinder is specified in the manifest.xml file.

Thus it appears that the proprietary gps.default.so blob does not work correctly in passthrough mode with 17.1
and luckily hwbinder works.

We found out gnss was the culprit because I started a XDA thread at

https://forum.xda-developers.com/t/troubleshooting-random-reboot-problems-on-s2-exynos5433-tablet-only-discussion-for-users-running-any-version-of-android-10.4308203/

and 4 users shared their adb logs and tombstones and most of them pointed to the same gnss crash message below.
Some people also reported that overnight their device would reboot itself and end up in TWRP mode.
We found that through TWRP logs, that Android 8+ rescue party was being activated.

According to

https://source.android.com/devices/tech/debug/rescue-party

"Rescue Party receives information about boot and crash events and starts if:

The system_server restarts more than 5 times in 5 minutes.
A persistent system app crashes more than 5 times in 30 seconds."

So if gnss crashes 5 times in less than 5 minutes, that's why some people had TWRP loaded overnight and if TWRP
doesn't implement deep sleep then people were also facing dead battery issues in the morning. Unfortunately,
we don't have any logs proving that gnss crashes is what triggered the rescue party. It could be something
else, but we are limited to what users will share with their logs.

Huge thanks to XDA users lpedia, CuckooPenguin and Yogi555
for testing the various gnss patches until we finally figured out the hwbinder solution.

In addition, huge thanks to Anan Jaser for providing hints, code and acting as a sounding board while we figured this out.

=== gnss crash log ===

LineageOS Version: '17.1-20210718-UNOFFICIAL-gts210wifi'
Build fingerprint: 'samsung/gts210wifixx/gts210wifi:7.0/NRD90M/T810XXU2DRB1:user/release-keys'
Revision: '0'
ABI: 'arm'
Timestamp: 2021-07-22 22:55:26+0200
pid: 3590, tid: 3948, name: Thread-10  >>> system_server <<<
uid: 1000
signal 11 (SIGSEGV), code 1 (SEGV_MAPERR), fault addr 0x69007f
    r0  00000009  r1  00000011  r2  00430000  r3  a44e9084
    r4  5fd31b6c  r5  7871b0b0  r6  0069006f  r7  a778f260
    r8  5fe7d44b  r9  5fe7d216  r10 5fd31af8  r11 5fe80010
    ip  00000000  sp  5fd31ad0  lr  7add54cf  pc  5fe96baa

backtrace:
      #0 pc 00056baa  /system/lib/android.hardware.gnss@1.0.so (android::hardware::gnss::V1_0::BsAGnssRilCallback::requestSetIdCb(unsigned int)+450) (BuildId: 30ee8b14270ae2b3ae675a7f9b4de136)
      #1 pc 0000e8dd  /system/vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.gnss@1.0-impl.universal5433.so (android::hardware::gnss::V1_0::implementation::AGnssRil::requestSetId(unsigned int)+32) (BuildId: d0033c7cb8d0d1a2c99f977719d0d967)
      #2 pc 0000fb05  /system/vendor/lib/hw/gps.default.so (broadcom::GpsiClient::marshal_agps_ril_request_setid(broadcom::IpcIncomingMessage&)+160) (BuildId: fe39be024fc2f98450c8d2fc07cda956)
      #3 pc 000170c5  /system/vendor/lib/hw/gps.default.so (broadcom::IpcPipeTransportBase::OnSelect(int, bool, bool, bool, void*)+280) (BuildId: fe39be024fc2f98450c8d2fc07cda956)
      #4 pc 0001717d  /system/vendor/lib/hw/gps.default.so (non-virtual thunk to broadcom::IpcPipeTransportBase::OnSelect(int, bool, bool, bool, void*)+12) (BuildId: fe39be024fc2f98450c8d2fc07cda956)
      #5 pc 00017703  /system/vendor/lib/hw/gps.default.so (broadcom::SelectManager::ProcessEvent(broadcom::ISelectHandler&, int, bool, bool, bool, void*)+26) (BuildId: fe39be024fc2f98450c8d2fc07cda956)
      #6 pc 0001765f  /system/vendor/lib/hw/gps.default.so (broadcom::SelectManager::PerformOneWaitAndProcess()+422) (BuildId: fe39be024fc2f98450c8d2fc07cda956)
      #7 pc 0000dec3  /system/vendor/lib/hw/gps.default.so (broadcom::ipc_thread_proc(void*)+30) (BuildId: fe39be024fc2f98450c8d2fc07cda956)
      #8 pc 0000e019  /system/vendor/lib/hw/android.hardware.gnss@1.0-impl.universal5433.so (threadFunc(void*)+6) (BuildId: d0033c7cb8d0d1a2c99f977719d0d967)
      #9 pc 000a6b73  /apex/com.android.runtime/lib/bionic/libc.so (__pthread_start(void*)+20) (BuildId: 2f913c25dc2cb38e6710ab59b8e5fb5c)
      #10 pc 00060713  /apex/com.android.runtime/lib/bionic/libc.so (__start_thread+30) (BuildId: 2f913c25dc2cb38e6710ab59b8e5fb5c)

=== twrp rescue party log ===

Boot command: boot-recovery
Got arguments from boot message
Startup Commands:  '--prompt_and_wipe_data' '--reason=RescueParty'RescueParty

Co-Authored-By: retiredtab <68165467+retiredtab@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse)@[830d6cdc29...](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse/commit/830d6cdc29313a65e6dbd73d00bc1af5c1ebfb11)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 13:33:33 by JudeForNothing

Rebekah 2.3

Bug Fixes:
-fixed bug where soul heart teleport costume applying is not named properly
-rebekah's invinsibility dash can no longer bypass damage like donations and devil beggars
-fixed bug where you cant find technology ludos, which sometimes locks your abilities and never finishes them

Additions:
-added functionality with Rebekah's Camera
-added charge bar indicator for Love Deluxe
-Added basic functionality of Snap!
-Added Wikepidia
-Added Eve (only has a few attacks)
-Added Oh, I'm die
-Added Bag of Bristle Bricks (uses old code of Oh, I'm die)

Changes:
-improved laser tracer of Magdalene by color and sprite
-laser tracer now has a fadein and fadeout animation
-Finger Finger now only targets the last vulnerable enemy you hit/hurt
-Finger Finger now should have a spawn cap of 15 per user
-Typical RomCom's sprites slightly changes

Known Issues:
-Wikepidia's How to Jump does not recharge

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[8982552568...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/898255256876cc5bccfea3884590aa5d8406d647)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 17:53:06 by Marko Grdinić

"10:35am. I am trying to think of anything else I did other than try to tackle Gebura's floor since 7pm to 3am and am coming up empty. I can't believe I was stuck on that one level for so long. Holy crap. I played like a moron too and only won it after building a proper team of debuffers. To just keep trying to push forward depite not having the correct plan is so unlike me.

11:05am. Let me start.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/lets-paint-a-spatula

https://youtu.be/Y8FOkD4e3Vw?t=257

Oh, I thought the holes would be white, but they literally show what is below.

11:15am. Let me try immitating this. How did he do the sides?

https://youtu.be/Y8FOkD4e3Vw?t=63

Hmmm, he sketched it out and then used some setting to change the color. I'll have to get familiar with that. Well, let me give it a try. Holy shit, I hate CSP's shortcut system. Why doesn't it have search? What the hell are the devs thinking.

11:40am. I am trying to get the proportions of the spatula right. It is a lot easier if you don't try to do the curve off the bat.

11:50am. I think the handle is not long enough.

11:55am. I traced the outline and compared it to my eyeballed result. It wasn't as horrible as I thought it would be. I got some of the handles wrong, and the handle is too short by 10%. The size of the spatule is almost exact. I should be able to fix the errors using the free transform tool.

12:35pm. I am mucking about with such beginner stuff. It also feels like trying to install the C++ compiler.

Right now, how did he get that translucency effect with the layer mask?

12:45pm. Ok, I know how masks work. The only thing they care about is density and opacity. To remove the mask the eraser is needed. But how wo I turn a shape into a mask for the layer below.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ClipStudio/comments/heq8mf/how_can_i_paste_into_layer_mask_or_use_images_as/

1:05pm. Holy shit, this is so annoooyyying!!!

Maybe I should be working in Photoshop? Just how the hell did he do the holes?

Let me stop the morning session here.

Right now I've figured how to do layer masks, but even if I filled the shape and moved it around it would go out of bounds. It would be faster to just carve out the mask sections by hand.

2:15pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me chill for a bit and then I will start.

2:35pm. Let me resume. First let me read that recent paper that has been posted on the RL sub.

https://www.reddit.com/r/reinforcementlearning/comments/qvvevu/neuroscience_and_reinforcement_learning/

3pm. What a waste of time, this is a fictional piece at best right now.

3:10pm. I said it as much to him. Let me get back to art. I have no idea why I continue to hold expectations. But the notion that the brain cretes maps does seem to be plausible.

Right now I want to...well, I have to figure out how to deal with those masks.

https://youtu.be/KkvwODw6lYY?t=39

How is this done?

3:25pm. https://youtu.be/ALgSJiXm4SY
How to Use GRADIENT MAPS and LAYER MASKS to color

Let me watch this, then I'll watch the spatula vid again. I am not sure that it is possible to do in CSP what is so easy for him in Photoshop. I am not sure that I understand what he did.

3:30pm. Let me try something in Illustrator.

3:35pm. Hmmm, actually the blend tool in the illustrator is not that bad. I could definitely use it for smooth shading.

https://youtu.be/ALgSJiXm4SY?t=580

This is a pretty cool way of doing coloring. Down the road these studies will definitely pay off.

4:10pm. I am not sure that locking in transparent pixels does what I thought it would.

https://youtu.be/Ldopry0_x-M

I watched this on a whim, but there are plenty of cool tricks for how to do selections here. This will make it a lot easier to use it.

https://ask.clip-studio.com/en-us/detail?id=25348
> CTRL+click on the layer's thumbnail in the layer stack.

This does not select everything for me.

5:45pm. I have no idea what is going on with me today. It feels like my IQ is 70. I just can't figure out a way to convert grayscale data to a layer mask.

5:50pm. The problem is not that I can't do that, the problem is that I am obsessed with it, and my thoughts are moving slugglishly.

6:15pm. Done with lunch. Let me take a break here and I will check out what reference and draft layers are.

6:25pm. Ok, let me study that.

https://youtu.be/3n7Lfp3wca8?t=130
Mastering Clip Studio : Adding Flat Colors Using Reference Layers | packtpub.com

Ah so this is what the ref layer is.

https://youtu.be/aqavMYvP8Bo
How to: Draft Layer

Hmmm, this could be useful.

Ok, I see it. It is not a big deal what they are.

So far, I think that Clip Studio's layer masks are not as flexible as photoshops. I do not think there is a way to convert a layer to a mask layer directly.

6:35pm. https://tips.clip-studio.com/en-us/articles/2251
Masking vs clipping in Clip Studio Paint

Let me read this and if this does not give me an answer I give up.

[2] Vectors. [Frame Border Folder] are designed to contain the images or drawings of comics. You cannot edit frames with pixels tools but you can modify the draw borders and shapes with frame tools that work as vectors.

Hmmm, I should look into frame borders.

6:45pm. No I give up. I can't see a way to do what I want.

Today's art session went much like yesterday's gaming session - with me bashing my head against the wall.

6:50pm. I've been out of it today. I did the spatula mostly, but to be honest I wanted to work on it more. It bothers me how I got the proportions slightly wrong. I wanted to experiment with adding landmarks.

Ah, forget that. I'll get better at that as I do more sketching. Forget the spatula.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/lets-paint-a-tire-pt1

Tomorrow what is waiting for me is the tire. I want to try having a decent art session where all I do is work on my own. I want to get through these tutorials by the end of the month so I can spend some quality time refining my own skills. Let me stop here for now. It is gaming time. I doubt I'll go to bed as late as yesterday as I am pretty tired already. It should allow me to get some quality sleep."

---
## [tang78236/AnotherWorldDemo](https://github.com/tang78236/AnotherWorldDemo)@[d328fb8654...](https://github.com/tang78236/AnotherWorldDemo/commit/d328fb86543c60e051d30223391ec884286ed43c)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 18:17:34 by tang78236

Update index.md

App Privacy Policy Generator
Generate a generic Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions for your apps
Built with heart by Nishant and contributors.

TwitterDisclaimerGitHub stars


If you appreciate my work & want to support the project:
Consider sponsoring me on Github 👨🏻‍💻
Consider buying me a cup of ☕
Add a comment in the project's GuestBook 🤗
All Done!
Now sit back and choose the type of document you want to generate:




The accuracy of the generated privacy policy and terms & conditions on this website is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.

Read the full Disclaimer here


Privacy Policy
built the AnotherWorld : Demo app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at AnotherWorld : Demo unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Unity
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-11-17

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at guyuanyouxi@163.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator

---
## [HorseScary/stuff-to-cheat-in-stats-with](https://github.com/HorseScary/stuff-to-cheat-in-stats-with)@[87a7c43fa5...](https://github.com/HorseScary/stuff-to-cheat-in-stats-with/commit/87a7c43fa5def42d5d3bc707ed5fb4d1317f0a1d)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 21:31:52 by v

stuff and things fuck you i will not write good commit messages for this repo

---
## [Light3039/UE5-Sandbox](https://github.com/Light3039/UE5-Sandbox)@[a0c45ff946...](https://github.com/Light3039/UE5-Sandbox/commit/a0c45ff9468bf3fdb30e35a53a2b554b5b55ed94)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 22:15:36 by Light

feat (ability): add fire gun ability

- This idiot can now fire his god damned gun...

---
## [Kikasuru/mge-slotmachine](https://github.com/Kikasuru/mge-slotmachine)@[6d55af8a5b...](https://github.com/Kikasuru/mge-slotmachine/commit/6d55af8a5b4f28355564a35041a9835dd328b786)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 23:28:59 by Kikasuru

Changed the wiki to Mirahese
fuck you corprate scum wikia

---
## [ycm-core/llvm](https://github.com/ycm-core/llvm)@[6ac67eecbd...](https://github.com/ycm-core/llvm/commit/6ac67eecbd4c00f0b523b4cea0f7da770e7a9b2a)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-17 23:29:31 by Boris Staletic

CMake is clinically insane and forces us to fight it

Corss-compiling is hard and cmake only makes it harder.
None of the sane ways of setting a CMake variable work, because cmake
will try to, idiotically, check whether it can compile and run things
with the cross-compiler. If that doesn't sound wrong, read it again.
Also, the fucker leaks CFLAGS into ASM flags. Now we use that awfully
horrible `set($ENV{CFLAGS})` thing. That works around the cmake's
drinking issues. If you think that's weird, well... you've just entered
my favourite drinking game - drink every time cmake frustrates you.

---

# [<](2021-11-16.md) 2021-11-17 [>](2021-11-18.md)

