# [<](2020-12-31.md) 2021-01-01 [>](2021-01-02.md)

1,667,494 events, 952,274 push events, 1,302,065 commit messages, 89,558,262 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[d4bc8476e4...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/d4bc8476e492e02e3124a794aff394d7535afd36)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 00:14:35 by Jack Edge

Tweak mice eating cables and electrical immunity

:cl: coiax
tweak: Tom, the legendary prison mouse, no longer fears chewing
electrified wires.
/:cl:

If a mouse has the TRAIT_SHOCKIMMUNE trait, whether innately (like in
Tom's case), or if a scientist has installed shock proofing nanites in
the mouse, they will no longer die when chewing electrified wires.

It is sad discovering Tom dead at the hands of an electrified wire in
the brig, life in the brig is hard enough without the friendly mouse
companion. Also, it opens the possibility, however slim, of a horde of
electrically immune nanite mice terrorising the station.

---
## [Aaron2550/ImpactBot](https://github.com/Aaron2550/ImpactBot)@[caaa601088...](https://github.com/Aaron2550/ImpactBot/commit/caaa6010883c8dfc92f0e62ee665887b8a5bc506)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 01:14:49 by Aaron B

rayconz

Before we start this video, I’d like to thank the sponsor of this video, “Raycons.” I actually have a pair of Raycons and I love them. I usually use them when I’m at the gym or I’m at home playing Minecraft. The sound quality is just as amazing as all the other top name brands and they’re half the price. The ones I’m using are the everyday E25’s. They’re the best ones yet. 6 hours of playtime, seamless Bluetooth pairing, more bass, available in multiple colors, and their compact design helps get rid of background noise. I also like the fact that you can click either earbud with your finger to pause your music. Makes it super convenient if you need to stop for any reason. Go to buyracon.com/(youtubername) for 15% off your order. The link is in the description.

---
## [missstaff/missstaff](https://github.com/missstaff/missstaff)@[0da1521798...](https://github.com/missstaff/missstaff/commit/0da1521798ca5957725a53d5121092a2ca8b37b5)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 02:57:46 by Shawna Staff

contact form is satisfactorily complete and renders as preferred!, I am very happy with the navbar and contact sections. Working on them without boostrap has reinforced CSS3 rules and using media queries. I love our libraries and use them but I strive to learn to also be able to perform those functions without the libraray. My next additions will be The about section which will require some thought, and where to incorporate my social links such as GitHub and LinkedIn and then the hard part finish select 2-3 projects to demonstrate onmy site

---
## [communistkiro/rice](https://github.com/communistkiro/rice)@[badc40d3c2...](https://github.com/communistkiro/rice/commit/badc40d3c22c3b5244360584b8e4c15a756bca38)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 03:12:22 by communistkiro

gen, updated
small shit
speedread added as not module, fuck git, fuck this stupid roundabout badly-named software

---
## [jumpsplat120/Console](https://github.com/jumpsplat120/Console)@[9dd227efac...](https://github.com/jumpsplat120/Console/commit/9dd227efac818b8baad62d6f131aff4815faa3d3)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 05:02:29 by Antimony Apodaca

Border resize work

Border resizing is now smooth! This is due to the window_manipulation file we added, which uses sdl2's windo manipulation functions to resize instead of love's. We also have two not technically callbacks, borderInit and borderMath. init calculates diff, and on the first loop saves the inital_win and stuff internally. borderMath is the checks for whether the window needs to move'd or resized. We also call console:resize directly here, to update our window while resizing. We however, call love.resize manually only when the resize process is finished, so that way it's more similar to how love actually does it. Otherwise, each border callback just calculates the new.x/y/w/h, places them into a table as well as gets the old (read; current) x/y/w/h. This is because if we are clicked on the border and not moving our mouse, there is no reason to be calling the resize/move function a bajillion times a second.

WE ARE NO LONGER CALCULATING WINDOW HEIGHT AND TITLEBAR SEPERATELY. Window height now accurately reflects the height of the window, which includes the titlebar height. This will make resizing a less painless process. I had made adescion in the beginning and stuck with it, and while internal window height is nice, I should save it as INTERNAL. I was clearly calculating external window height and saving internal and I noticed I was having to do weird workarounds for it. None of that.

---
## [Lehkeda/android_device_samsung_m51](https://github.com/Lehkeda/android_device_samsung_m51)@[9e91641c01...](https://github.com/Lehkeda/android_device_samsung_m51/commit/9e91641c01e37ed23e0b29504bfa4d7b4896a0f6)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 05:32:29 by Hesham El-sewify (LehKeda)

Update overlays
Fuck you overlays!!! it made the device stuck on bootanimation forever because of the extended
brightness values, Which, we need to support in order to have better visibility under sun light.

---
## [Natlys/CheerNik_Engine](https://github.com/Natlys/CheerNik_Engine)@[50f2b333b3...](https://github.com/Natlys/CheerNik_Engine/commit/50f2b333b34295ae5560b2cbc94297809e331076)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 06:24:22 by Nikodim Cherepanov

Happy New Year with Lua scripts!
All the new-year-night and previous couple of days I was working (and wanna to work more) with lua scripting.
I have learnt about lua embedding very much including delegates: memory allocator, reader and call messager.
With lua memory allocation I reworked my memory system in the entire engine. I can track all memory allocations via new/delete operators overloading.
These operators dispatch their allocations/deallocations to the MemSys static class which counts allocated memory in the MemInfo structure.
MemSys can allocate memory for any objects due to templated New/Del methods.
It's pretty easy to replace standard new/delete keywords considering that they allocate/deallocate memory as well as operators new/delete and also call constructor and destructor methods.
delete[] and new[] for arrays work the same way as simple delete/new. they simply has different key-word mechanizm;
Well, in conclusion about my memory system, I forbid new/delete operators/keywords usage in my engine. Because I use MemSys methods and I can change memory allocation in any way I want.
I also decided to make more standards and style solutions. Many structs which belong to some class are called "{SomeClass}Info".

Well, returning to the LuaVM. I think to make not only one lua_state(as I has now), but make an opportunity for LuaVM to manage states, give them by ids/names and destroy as well.
I reworked AppState abstract class and transformed that into the EngineState interface which is not dependent on lua anymore.
This is just a class with basic methods for engine/system behaviour. And with that I've implemented DefaultEState class for usage in the case if a user doesn't make own state.
Engine also quits differently. In any point of the program we can call Quit method to make flag bIsRunning = false. Then, main loop will end up on the last itteration and will close all the other systems it handles.
Again, about Lua: LuaVM has methods for native function registration. Also, I've made some interface for registration of native types.
LuaRegFunc and LuaRegTable are basic types to integrate c++ code into lua.
I succeed in that integration. Now I can call methods to create entities and access their fields, but the main scripting manipulation - components is not still accessible.
I just need some universal flexible system to work with components and extract as much information as I can. Because there can be any amount of compoennts inherited from AEntityCmp but they are all in one list with the same interface.
I also thought to split update and render logic everywhere it's possible, but it's pretty difficult to establish the beginning.
Lua has great potential. But I need some time and expirience to use it as a scripting language. And I work with it now.

---
## [remiscarlet/amat.su](https://github.com/remiscarlet/amat.su)@[27c3fb7ed6...](https://github.com/remiscarlet/amat.su/commit/27c3fb7ed6cf5fa5a1df986029e3a1e30681cd1d)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 06:28:02 by Yuto Takamoto

Fuck you Docker/build-push-action you don't goddamn work with gar

---
## [hYdos/Lint](https://github.com/hYdos/Lint)@[c2dcd81052...](https://github.com/hYdos/Lint/commit/c2dcd81052c32eb5179a20595c7f9c95f7b3d1b5)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 06:51:02 by valoeghese

add the fucking licence headers shut up stupid gituhb actions

---
## [JarlPenguin/android_kernel_motorola_msm8953](https://github.com/JarlPenguin/android_kernel_motorola_msm8953)@[4fca7cd668...](https://github.com/JarlPenguin/android_kernel_motorola_msm8953/commit/4fca7cd668b18be9eb7e3ff0169b7dedb62f6b60)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 07:22:47 by Masahiro Yamada

BACKPORT: modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
Link: https://git.kernel.org/linus/ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>

---
## [openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd](https://github.com/openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd)@[9093379b39...](https://github.com/openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd/commit/9093379b39d43902da00c237b1d62a671d2a8eae)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 07:24:20 by claudio

Holy simplification batman. Use the per rib entry flags to lock entries
when interrupting rib dumps and now we no longer need evil RB magic to find
the next entry on restart.

---
## [openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd](https://github.com/openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd)@[6c48b5a8e7...](https://github.com/openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd/commit/6c48b5a8e70e042e942fe9599e7d04994e3f9ef3)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 07:24:28 by ajacoutot

Add an ALRM timer to cope with 2 annoying issues in rc.d(8):
- prevent a daemon from hanging the boot
(typo in your flagsm e.g. httpd_flags=-d)
- make sure we can get the status of a backgrounded daemon instead of always
returning success

Side effect of this is that we can kill a knob! rip rc_bg :-)
Ports will need love, and a second commit is coming for that.

The diff is small yet not trivial so I am committing early in the release
process in one shot so it can easily be reverted if needed. I started working on
this during g2k16 in Cambridge then finished it in Brisbane for a2k17 where
robert@, beck@ and sthen@ agreed it was the correct way to go and I should move
ahead with it post 6.1.

If you see any regression, please talk to me!

---
## [rahil373/Python](https://github.com/rahil373/Python)@[aebddd31b8...](https://github.com/rahil373/Python/commit/aebddd31b8725245e62aa1144bbe5b4490d86392)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 07:49:39 by Rahil Sayed

Create Create Purchasing Information and Receipts for Lovely Loveseats.

We’ve decided to pursue the dream of small-business ownership and open up a furniture store called Lovely Loveseats for Neat Suites on Fleet Street. With our newfound knowledge of Python programming, we’re going to build a system to help speed up the process of creating receipts for your customers.

In this project, we will be storing the names and prices of a furniture store’s catalog in variables. You will then process the total price and item list of customers, printing them to the output terminal.

---
## [GS290-dev/android_kernel_gigaset_mt6763](https://github.com/GS290-dev/android_kernel_gigaset_mt6763)@[1e7b6edbb5...](https://github.com/GS290-dev/android_kernel_gigaset_mt6763/commit/1e7b6edbb5ae4bea20fa189676e780f90e94256a)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 08:40:19 by Greg Kroah-Hartman

Merge 4.9.233 into android-4.9-q

Changes in 4.9.233
	xfs: catch inode allocation state mismatch corruption
	xfs: validate cached inodes are free when allocated
	xfs: don't call xfs_da_shrink_inode with NULL bp
	net: phy: mdio-bcm-unimac: fix potential NULL dereference in unimac_mdio_probe()
	crypto: ccp - Release all allocated memory if sha type is invalid
	media: rc: prevent memory leak in cx23888_ir_probe
	ath9k_htc: release allocated buffer if timed out
	ath9k: release allocated buffer if timed out
	PCI/ASPM: Disable ASPM on ASMedia ASM1083/1085 PCIe-to-PCI bridge
	ARM: 8986/1: hw_breakpoint: Don't invoke overflow handler on uaccess watchpoints
	drm/amdgpu: Prevent kernel-infoleak in amdgpu_info_ioctl()
	drm: hold gem reference until object is no longer accessed
	f2fs: check memory boundary by insane namelen
	f2fs: check if file namelen exceeds max value
	9p/trans_fd: abort p9_read_work if req status changed
	9p/trans_fd: Fix concurrency del of req_list in p9_fd_cancelled/p9_read_work
	x86/build/lto: Fix truncated .bss with -fdata-sections
	x86, vmlinux.lds: Page-align end of ..page_aligned sections
	fbdev: Detect integer underflow at "struct fbcon_ops"->clear_margins.
	rds: Prevent kernel-infoleak in rds_notify_queue_get()
	xfs: fix missed wakeup on l_flush_wait
	uapi: includes linux/types.h before exporting files
	install several missing uapi headers
	net/x25: Fix x25_neigh refcnt leak when x25 disconnect
	net/x25: Fix null-ptr-deref in x25_disconnect
	sh: Fix validation of system call number
	net: lan78xx: add missing endpoint sanity check
	net: lan78xx: fix transfer-buffer memory leak
	mlx4: disable device on shutdown
	mlxsw: core: Increase scope of RCU read-side critical section
	mlxsw: core: Free EMAD transactions using kfree_rcu()
	ibmvnic: Fix IRQ mapping disposal in error path
	mac80211: mesh: Free ie data when leaving mesh
	mac80211: mesh: Free pending skb when destroying a mpath
	arm64: csum: Fix handling of bad packets
	usb: hso: Fix debug compile warning on sparc32
	qed: Disable "MFW indication via attention" SPAM every 5 minutes
	nfc: s3fwrn5: add missing release on skb in s3fwrn5_recv_frame
	parisc: add support for cmpxchg on u8 pointers
	net: ethernet: ravb: exit if re-initialization fails in tx timeout
	Revert "i2c: cadence: Fix the hold bit setting"
	xen-netfront: fix potential deadlock in xennet_remove()
	KVM: LAPIC: Prevent setting the tscdeadline timer if the lapic is hw disabled
	x86/i8259: Use printk_deferred() to prevent deadlock
	random32: update the net random state on interrupt and activity
	ARM: percpu.h: fix build error
	random: fix circular include dependency on arm64 after addition of percpu.h
	random32: remove net_rand_state from the latent entropy gcc plugin
	random32: move the pseudo-random 32-bit definitions to prandom.h
	ext4: fix direct I/O read error
	USB: serial: qcserial: add EM7305 QDL product ID
	net/mlx5e: Don't support phys switch id if not in switchdev mode
	ALSA: seq: oss: Serialize ioctls
	Bluetooth: Fix slab-out-of-bounds read in hci_extended_inquiry_result_evt()
	Bluetooth: Prevent out-of-bounds read in hci_inquiry_result_evt()
	Bluetooth: Prevent out-of-bounds read in hci_inquiry_result_with_rssi_evt()
	omapfb: dss: Fix max fclk divider for omap36xx
	vgacon: Fix for missing check in scrollback handling
	mtd: properly check all write ioctls for permissions
	leds: wm831x-status: fix use-after-free on unbind
	leds: da903x: fix use-after-free on unbind
	leds: lm3533: fix use-after-free on unbind
	leds: 88pm860x: fix use-after-free on unbind
	net/9p: validate fds in p9_fd_open
	drm/nouveau/fbcon: fix module unload when fbcon init has failed for some reason
	cfg80211: check vendor command doit pointer before use
	igb: reinit_locked() should be called with rtnl_lock
	atm: fix atm_dev refcnt leaks in atmtcp_remove_persistent
	tools lib traceevent: Fix memory leak in process_dynamic_array_len
	xattr: break delegations in {set,remove}xattr
	binder: Prevent context manager from incrementing ref 0
	ipv4: Silence suspicious RCU usage warning
	ipv6: fix memory leaks on IPV6_ADDRFORM path
	vxlan: Ensure FDB dump is performed under RCU
	net: lan78xx: replace bogus endpoint lookup
	Revert "vxlan: fix tos value before xmit"
	usb: hso: check for return value in hso_serial_common_create()
	Smack: fix use-after-free in smk_write_relabel_self()
	tracepoint: Mark __tracepoint_string's __used
	gpio: fix oops resulting from calling of_get_named_gpio(NULL, ...)
	cgroup: add missing skcd->no_refcnt check in cgroup_sk_clone()
	EDAC: Fix reference count leaks
	arm64: dts: qcom: msm8916: Replace invalid bias-pull-none property
	arm64: dts: exynos: Fix silent hang after boot on Espresso
	m68k: mac: Don't send IOP message until channel is idle
	m68k: mac: Fix IOP status/control register writes
	platform/x86: intel-hid: Fix return value check in check_acpi_dev()
	platform/x86: intel-vbtn: Fix return value check in check_acpi_dev()
	ARM: at91: pm: add missing put_device() call in at91_pm_sram_init()
	ARM: socfpga: PM: add missing put_device() call in socfpga_setup_ocram_self_refresh()
	drm/tilcdc: fix leak & null ref in panel_connector_get_modes
	Bluetooth: add a mutex lock to avoid UAF in do_enale_set
	fs/btrfs: Add cond_resched() for try_release_extent_mapping() stalls
	drm/radeon: Fix reference count leaks caused by pm_runtime_get_sync
	video: fbdev: neofb: fix memory leak in neo_scan_monitor()
	md-cluster: fix wild pointer of unlock_all_bitmaps()
	drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
	drm/debugfs: fix plain echo to connector "force" attribute
	mm/mmap.c: Add cond_resched() for exit_mmap() CPU stalls
	brcmfmac: To fix Bss Info flag definition Bug
	iwlegacy: Check the return value of pcie_capability_read_*()
	usb: gadget: net2280: fix memory leak on probe error handling paths
	bdc: Fix bug causing crash after multiple disconnects
	dyndbg: fix a BUG_ON in ddebug_describe_flags
	bcache: fix super block seq numbers comparision in register_cache_set()
	ACPICA: Do not increment operation_region reference counts for field units
	agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
	video: fbdev: sm712fb: fix an issue about iounmap for a wrong address
	console: newport_con: fix an issue about leak related system resources
	video: pxafb: Fix the function used to balance a 'dma_alloc_coherent()' call
	iio: improve IIO_CONCENTRATION channel type description
	leds: lm355x: avoid enum conversion warning
	media: omap3isp: Add missed v4l2_ctrl_handler_free() for preview_init_entities()
	scsi: cumana_2: Fix different dev_id between request_irq() and free_irq()
	drm/mipi: use dcs write for mipi_dsi_dcs_set_tear_scanline
	cxl: Fix kobject memleak
	drm/radeon: fix array out-of-bounds read and write issues
	scsi: powertec: Fix different dev_id between request_irq() and free_irq()
	scsi: eesox: Fix different dev_id between request_irq() and free_irq()
	media: firewire: Using uninitialized values in node_probe()
	media: exynos4-is: Add missed check for pinctrl_lookup_state()
	xfs: fix reflink quota reservation accounting error
	PCI: Fix pci_cfg_wait queue locking problem
	leds: core: Flush scheduled work for system suspend
	drm: panel: simple: Fix bpc for LG LB070WV8 panel
	scsi: scsi_debug: Add check for sdebug_max_queue during module init
	mwifiex: Prevent memory corruption handling keys
	powerpc/vdso: Fix vdso cpu truncation
	staging: rtl8192u: fix a dubious looking mask before a shift
	PCI/ASPM: Add missing newline in sysfs 'policy'
	drm/imx: tve: fix regulator_disable error path
	USB: serial: iuu_phoenix: fix led-activity helpers
	usb: dwc2: Fix error path in gadget registration
	scsi: mesh: Fix panic after host or bus reset
	Smack: fix another vsscanf out of bounds
	Smack: prevent underflow in smk_set_cipso()
	power: supply: check if calc_soc succeeded in pm860x_init_battery
	selftests/powerpc: Fix CPU affinity for child process
	selftests/powerpc: Fix online CPU selection
	s390/qeth: don't process empty bridge port events
	wl1251: fix always return 0 error
	net: spider_net: Fix the size used in a 'dma_free_coherent()' call
	fsl/fman: use 32-bit unsigned integer
	fsl/fman: fix dereference null return value
	fsl/fman: fix unreachable code
	fsl/fman: check dereferencing null pointer
	fsl/fman: fix eth hash table allocation
	dlm: Fix kobject memleak
	pinctrl-single: fix pcs_parse_pinconf() return value
	drivers/net/wan/lapbether: Added needed_headroom and a skb->len check
	net/nfc/rawsock.c: add CAP_NET_RAW check.
	net: Set fput_needed iff FDPUT_FPUT is set
	USB: serial: cp210x: re-enable auto-RTS on open
	USB: serial: cp210x: enable usb generic throttle/unthrottle
	ALSA: usb-audio: Creative USB X-Fi Pro SB1095 volume knob support
	ALSA: usb-audio: fix overeager device match for MacroSilicon MS2109
	ALSA: usb-audio: add quirk for Pioneer DDJ-RB
	crypto: qat - fix double free in qat_uclo_create_batch_init_list
	crypto: ccp - Fix use of merged scatterlists
	fs/minix: check return value of sb_getblk()
	fs/minix: don't allow getting deleted inodes
	fs/minix: reject too-large maximum file size
	ALSA: usb-audio: work around streaming quirk for MacroSilicon MS2109
	9p: Fix memory leak in v9fs_mount
	parisc: mask out enable and reserved bits from sba imask
	ARM: 8992/1: Fix unwind_frame for clang-built kernels
	xen/balloon: fix accounting in alloc_xenballooned_pages error path
	xen/balloon: make the balloon wait interruptible
	smb3: warn on confusing error scenario with sec=krb5
	PCI: hotplug: ACPI: Fix context refcounting in acpiphp_grab_context()
	btrfs: don't allocate anonymous block device for user invisible roots
	btrfs: only search for left_info if there is no right_info in try_merge_free_space
	btrfs: fix memory leaks after failure to lookup checksums during inode logging
	iio: dac: ad5592r: fix unbalanced mutex unlocks in ad5592r_read_raw()
	xtensa: fix xtensa_pmu_setup prototype
	powerpc: Fix circular dependency between percpu.h and mmu.h
	net: ethernet: stmmac: Disable hardware multicast filter
	net: stmmac: dwmac1000: provide multicast filter fallback
	net/compat: Add missing sock updates for SCM_RIGHTS
	md/raid5: Fix Force reconstruct-write io stuck in degraded raid5
	bcache: allocate meta data pages as compound pages
	mac80211: fix misplaced while instead of if
	MIPS: CPU#0 is not hotpluggable
	ext2: fix missing percpu_counter_inc
	ocfs2: change slot number type s16 to u16
	ftrace: Setup correct FTRACE_FL_REGS flags for module
	kprobes: Fix NULL pointer dereference at kprobe_ftrace_handler
	watchdog: f71808e_wdt: indicate WDIOF_CARDRESET support in watchdog_info.options
	watchdog: f71808e_wdt: remove use of wrong watchdog_info option
	watchdog: f71808e_wdt: clear watchdog timeout occurred flag
	pseries: Fix 64 bit logical memory block panic
	mfd: arizona: Ensure 32k clock is put on driver unbind and error
	USB: serial: ftdi_sio: make process-packet buffer unsigned
	USB: serial: ftdi_sio: clean up receive processing
	gpu: ipu-v3: image-convert: Combine rotate/no-rotate irq handlers
	iommu/omap: Check for failure of a call to omap_iommu_dump_ctx
	iommu/vt-d: Enforce PASID devTLB field mask
	i2c: rcar: slave: only send STOP event when we have been addressed
	clk: clk-atlas6: fix return value check in atlas6_clk_init()
	pwm: bcm-iproc: handle clk_get_rate() return
	Input: sentelic - fix error return when fsp_reg_write fails
	drm/vmwgfx: Fix two list_for_each loop exit tests
	net: qcom/emac: add missed clk_disable_unprepare in error path of emac_clks_phase1_init
	nfs: Fix getxattr kernel panic and memory overflow
	fs/ufs: avoid potential u32 multiplication overflow
	mfd: dln2: Run event handler loop under spinlock
	ALSA: echoaudio: Fix potential Oops in snd_echo_resume()
	sh: landisk: Add missing initialization of sh_io_port_base
	khugepaged: retract_page_tables() remember to test exit
	mm: Avoid calling build_all_zonelists_init under hotplug context
	Linux 4.9.233

Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@google.com>
Change-Id: Ied62cb0768f5bd8e989d75e7c2ccf6f1e6f2efd4

---
## [ModernMAK/BoEG](https://github.com/ModernMAK/BoEG)@[7ee240e621...](https://github.com/ModernMAK/BoEG/commit/7ee240e6216d3f798f91da65b226cf5911bd02b9)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 09:54:54 by Marcus Kertesz

It Works But I Broke The Demo

I had the demo working fine after porting from the simple Chat to advance chat; using Raw Messages only, but then I decided to show off fancy shmancy user defined events; but it seems to be failing to do that, AND I FORGOT TO COMMIT THE WORKING DEMO. Such is life.

Also, reading messages is just a pain; having to Reseek, Create a reader/writer etc is alot of work; perhaps I need to create an extension method to CreateSerializer/Deserializer (wrapped in a using) and create a MessageData base class which will serialize/deserialize automatically

One thing that sucks about my design pattern is that Codes can mean different things on Client/Server; so it might be best to have a Call/Response Code paring, this isn't important in the grand scheme of things, I just noticed it.

---
## [liquidbase/DuffedUIv9](https://github.com/liquidbase/DuffedUIv9)@[7106fb7f2d...](https://github.com/liquidbase/DuffedUIv9/commit/7106fb7f2df0d5f3216e6f4bb7d48b7a95835509)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 10:04:42 by liquidbase

Fuck you Blizzard with your damn fucking crappy Widget-System, screw you

---
## [Dahlgren/sqf-vm](https://github.com/Dahlgren/sqf-vm)@[1a3368b92e...](https://github.com/Dahlgren/sqf-vm/commit/1a3368b92e959930b0964f221c9f1f1714f381f7)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 10:11:10 by X39

Fuck you FLEX and BISON! Fuck you for your idiotically high amount of configuration! I could bloody use ANTLR or one of the other 200000000 systems that require fucking runtimes. At least they fucking work out of the box afterwards :facepalm:

---
## [n0s0r0g/darktable](https://github.com/n0s0r0g/darktable)@[fed21e2b67...](https://github.com/n0s0r0g/darktable/commit/fed21e2b67b2d7b19def692fc637c93b46a98feb)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 10:32:54 by Hanno Schwalm

Introducing a tiled RCD demosaicer (#7337)

* Introducing a tiled RCD demosaicer

The rcd demosaicer developed by Luis Sanz Rodríguez is publically available at
https://github.com/LuisSR/RCD-Demosaicing and is licenced under the GNU GPL version 3.

I came across this via the rt issue tracker Beep6581/RawTherapee#5908 and
have personally been using it in dt for some months.

The results are very good, quality is at least en-par with Amaze, maybe depending
on image content the results are slightly better or slightly worse.

The biggest pro argument is less color overshoot, the penalty is marginally increased blur.
Having a demosaicer output with less overshoot makes this a better option for further
processing.

I started developing the demosaicer by taking the algo from original github and
adopted it to dt style.
Over time i learned how @heckflosse had improved the code by tiling, less omp overhead
and by adding sse2 code in the most time-critical internal loop as the compiler does not
vectorize here as good.

Further on we discussed many details and worked on performance on different machines.
Thanks a lot! Now it is really good, on darktable rcd is ~3x faster than amaze
and 30% faster than the non-cl ppg code. On my machine (pretty similar to the well known
9900k) i am now at ~135ms for a 45Mpix image. This is ~3 times as good as the non-tiled
version.

The border interpolation used the dcraw algorithm in the original code, there are minor issues
so i chose the code used by rt as it has less artefacts. A border of 9 is always safe if
tiling is used.

Unfortunately there is no paper describing the algorithm, we only have the README in the
original git repo at https://github.com/LuisSR/RCD-Demosaicing/blob/master/README.md

Also there is no formal quality analysis, at rawtherapee we have
https://rawpedia.rawtherapee.com/Demosaicing

But we have a lot of experience people made when using this demosaicer in rt.

Some notes for people testing the code

1) in demosaic.c you find the bitmask
     #define DEMOSAIC_TIMING 0
   - 01 --> add timing info for the demosaicers while tuning avoiding the mass of -d perf info
   - 02 --> prohibit fall back to ppg

2) You might want to tune the tiling size in rcd_demosaic.c, unfortunately this has to be
   selected at compile-time. Making this runtime specified reduces performance by ~50%

See former attempt #6738

* Add proper #include for optional sse4.1 intrinsics

* Work on the SSE specific code sections

1. #ifdef the sse specific macros/inlines to avoid rcd being sse specif code.

2. The indx>>1 trick had been used to lower cache-mem pressure but lead to
   bad compiler vectoring. All indexes to lpf now use an extra index to avoid
   the shifting.

(2) improves the non-sse performance by ~20% on my machine but still there is a
significant gain of overall ~4% if using the hand-optimized code so i would prefer to
keep this.

* Fixing corner cases with border data

* Using index/2 also for PQ_Dir

As in steps 2.1 and 3.1 we can use index/2 as we calculate data only for every second
pixel in a row. Reduces cache mem pressure and thus increases performance.

* allocate tiling memory by dt_alloc_align_float

As @ralfbrown suggests in #7419 comments and elsewhere we should always use
dt_alloc_align_float instead of dt_alloc_align to get rid of the '64' magic.

* Code maintaining keeping track of common/math.h

The CLIP macro is only in 3.6 branch so we define it in rcd demosaicing if undefined.

* Fixing compiler issue after common/math.h work

1. The CLIP macro is not necessary any more as defined in common.math.h
2.  float (*const rgb)[RCD_TILESIZE * RCD_TILESIZE] = (void *)dt_alloc_align_float needs a cast

---
## [python-discord/black-box](https://github.com/python-discord/black-box)@[07e51bdbc7...](https://github.com/python-discord/black-box/commit/07e51bdbc7c0630a0a43e85af4fb6bb9798d503f)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 10:57:59 by Leon Sandøy

Change the config loader to be less strict.

Previously, we would raise a KeyError if there was a mismatch between
the config subclass and the config file. This meant that the user had to
configure the config.yaml to be identical to the BlackBox config class.

Instead of doing this, we'll now just return None or an empty list for
any parameters not configured. This has both upsides and downsides:

Advantage:
- The user now only needs to configure whatever they actually want to
use. No interest in notifiers? That's fine. Just configure the stuff you
want, and blackbox won't complain.

Downside:
- A poorly configured config.yaml will now fail silently. Less feedback
for the user. However, in my opinion, this is worth the tradeoff for
convenience. It's just so ugly if they have to create empty lists in the
 yaml.

---
## [KeinR/Danzun](https://github.com/KeinR/Danzun)@[13288fe1fc...](https://github.com/KeinR/Danzun/commit/13288fe1fc46659dfba59c6ebb0d4fbbffecaf69)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 11:30:47 by Orion Musselman

Mmmmmm good first draft of the documentation.
Still need to add like a quickstart tutorial and the build instructions. Not that they're that involved through....
The docs are a little wonky in this draft, but I'll weed out the... weeds. Heh.
It is 2:26 in the AM now though - been a while since I've been up this late.

It's funny: I remember that a year ago, around this time, I was desparing over a quiz making framework.
I had decided that I would make a custom programming language for it, and create a BYTECODE COMPILER for it...
Yah, I've come kinda' far if you think about it.
I also remember that I watched Kimi No Na Wa on that night - it's really been a year since I last watched it...
Damn...

---
## [nift4/android_kernel_motorola_msm8953](https://github.com/nift4/android_kernel_motorola_msm8953)@[aa3d417874...](https://github.com/nift4/android_kernel_motorola_msm8953/commit/aa3d417874450b7418a9792b9667973cf57c624b)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 11:36:07 by nift4

prima: Disable a warning

To be honest, this code is awful, horrible, unreadable & doesn't make
sense. Therefore I deciced to not touch it.

---
## [josephbagnes/littleflock](https://github.com/josephbagnes/littleflock)@[853f2299e1...](https://github.com/josephbagnes/littleflock/commit/853f2299e190d5bfd7898a8ad7c9b0c185655d34)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 11:50:19 by june.bagnes

- offer my life
- praise looks good
- weve come to bless

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[6877a1f6d7...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/6877a1f6d718efc1a600939dfe6d15d305e8a01c)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 11:52:16 by mef

(devel/R-usethis) Updated 1.6.3 to 2.0.0, sorry for long log

See also:
 https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2020/12/usethis-2-0-0/

# usethis 2.0.0

This version is anticipated to be released as usethis v2.0.0.

## Adoption of gert and changes to Git/GitHub credential handling

Usethis has various functions that help with Git-related tasks, which
break down into two categories:

1. Git tasks, such as clone, push, and pull. These are things you
   could do with command line Git.

1. GitHub tasks, such as fork, release, and open an issue or pull
   request. These are things you could do in the browser or with the
   GitHub API.

We've switched from git2r to the gert package for Git operations
(<https://docs.ropensci.org/gert/>). We continue to use the gh package
for GitHub API work (<https://gh.r-lib.org>).

The big news in this area is that these lower-level dependencies are
getting better at finding Git credentials, finding the same
credentials as command line Git (and, therefore, the same as RStudio),
and finding the same credentials as each other. This allows usethis to
shed some of the workarounds we have needed in the past, to serve as a
remedial "credential valet".

Under the hood, both gert and gh are now consulting your local Git
credential store, when they need credentials. At the time of writing,
they are using two different even-lower-level packages to do this:

* gert uses the credentials package (<https://docs.ropensci.org/credentials/>)
* gh uses the gitcreds package (<https://gitcreds.r-lib.org/>)

Even now, gert and gh should discover the same credentials, at least
for github.com. In the future, these two packages may merge into one.

Git/GitHub credential management is covered in a new article:

[Managing Git(Hub)
Credentials](https://usethis.r-lib.org/articles/articles/git-credentials.html)

The main user-facing changes in usethis are:

* usethis should discover and use the same credentials as command line Git.
* usethis should be able to work with any GitHub deployment. While
  github.com is the default, GitHub Enterprise deployments are fully
  supported. The target GitHub host is determined from the current
  project's configured GitHub remotes, whenever possible.

As a result, several functions are deprecated and several other
functions have some deprecated arguments.

* Deprecated functions:
  - `use_git_credentials()`
  - `git_credentials()`
  - `github_token()`
* Functions with (deprecated arguments):
  - `create_from_github()` (`auth_token`, `credentials`)
  - `use_github()` (`auth_token`, `credentials`)
  - `use_github_links()` (`host`, `auth_token`)
  - `use_github_labels()` (`repo_spec`, `host`, `auth_token`)
  - `use_tidy_labels()` (`repo_spec`, `host`, `auth_token`)
  - `use_github_release()` (`host`, `auth_token`)

The switch to gert + credentials should eliminate most
credential-finding fiascos. Gert also takes a different approach to
wrapping libgit2, the underlying C library that does Git
operations. The result is more consistent support for SSH and TLS,
across all operating systems, without requiring special effort at
install time. More users should enjoy Git remote operations that "just
work", for both SSH and HTTPS remotes. There should be fewer
"unsupported protocol" errors.

## GitHub remote configuration

Usethis gains a more formal framework for characterizing a GitHub
remote configuration. We look at:

  * Which GitHub repositories `origin` and `upstream` point to
  * Whether you can push to them
  * How they relate to each other, e.g. fork-parent relationship

This is an internal matter, but users will notice that usethis is more
clear about which configurations are supported by various functions
and which are not. The most common configurations are reviewed in a
[section of Happy
Git](https://happygitwithr.com/common-remote-setups.html).

When working in a fork, there is sometimes a question whether to
target the fork or its parent repository. For example,
`use_github_links()` adds GitHub links to the URL and BugReports
fields of DESCRIPTION. If someone calls `use_github_links()` when
working in a fork, they probably want those links to refer to the
*parent* or *source* repo, not to their fork, because the user is
probably preparing a pull request. Usethis should now have better
default behaviour in these situations and, in some cases, will present
an interactive choice.

## Default branch

There is increasing interest in making the name of a repo's default
branch configurable. Specifically, `main` is emerging as a popular
alternative to `master`. Usethis now discovers the current repo's
default branch and uses that everywhere that, previously, we had
hard-wired `master`.

`git_branch_default()` is a newly exported function that is also what's used internally.

`use_course()`, `use_zip()`, and `create_download_url()` all have some
support for forming the URL to download a `.zip` archive of a repo,
based on a repo specification (e.g. `OWNER/REPO`) or a browser
URL. These helpers now form a URL that targets `HEAD` of the repo,
i.e. the default branch.

## Changes to Git/GitHub functionality

The default Git protocol is now "https" and we no longer provide an
interactive choice, by default, in interactive sessions. As always, a
user can express a preference for "ssh" in individual function calls,
for an R session via `use_git_protocol()`, and for all R sessions via
the `usethis.protocol` option (#1262).

`pr_resume()` is a new function for resuming work on an existing local
PR branch. It can be called argument-less, to select a branch
interactively.

`pr_fetch()` can also be called with no arguments, to select a PR
interactively.  The `owner` argument is replaced by `target`, with a
choice of the source (default) or primary repo.

`pr_forget()` is a new function for abandoning a PR you initiated
locally or fetched from GitHub. It only does local clean up and, for
example, doesn't delete a remote branch or close a PR (#1263).

`pr_view()` can now be called with no arguments. If the current branch
is associated with an open PR, we target that and, otherwise, we offer
an interactive selection.

`pr_finish()` deletes the remote PR branch if the PR has been merged
and the current user has the power to do so, i.e. an external
contributor deleting their own branch or a maintainer deleting a
branch associated with an internal PR (#1150). It no longer errors if
the PR branch has already been deleted (#1196).

`pr_pull_upstream()` is renamed to `pr_merge_main()` to emphasize that
it merges the **main** line of development into the current branch,
where the main line of development is taken to mean the default
branch, as reported by `git_branch_default()`, of the source repo,
which could be either `upstream` or `origin`, depending on the
situation.

`create_from_github()` will only create a read-only clone, due to lack
of a GitHub personal access token, if explicitly directed to do so via
`fork = FALSE`.

`create_from_github()` and `use_tidy_thanks()` accept browser and Git
URLs as the `repo_spec` argument, to be friendlier to copy/paste. When
a URL is passed, the `host` is also extracted from it.

`create_github_token()` is a new name for the function previously
known as `browse_github_token()` and `browse_github_pat()`.

`issue_close_community()` and `issue_reprex_needed()` are two new
functions for maintainers who process lots of GitHub issues. They
automate canned replies and actions, e.g. labelling or closing (#940).

GitHub Actions is the preferred platform for continuous integration,
because that is what the tidyverse team currently uses and
maintains. Functions related to Travis-CI and AppVeyor are
soft-deprecated to raise awareness about this change and to make it
clear that, if substantial maintenance becomes necessary, we may elect
to retire the function (#1169).

`browse_github_actions()` is a new function to open the Actions page
of the respective repo on GitHub, similar to existing `browse_*()`
functions (@pat-s, #1102).

`use_github_pages()` is a new function to activate or reconfigure the
GitHub Pages site associated with a repository (#224).

`use_tidy_pkgdown()` implements the complete pkgdown configuration
used by the tidyverse team (#224).

`pr_sync()` is defunct and can be replicated by calling `pr_pull()`,
`pr_merge_main()`, then `pr_push()`.

## Licensing improvements

All `use_*_license()` functions now work for projects, not just
packages.

`use_apl2_license()` (not `use_apache_license()`) and
`use_gpl3_license()` no longer modify the license text (#1198).

`use_mit_license()` now sets the default copyright holder to
"{package} authors". This makes it more clear that the copyright
holders are the contributors to the package; unless you are using a
CLA there is no one copyright holder of a package (#1207).

New `use_gpl_license()` and `use_agpl_license()` make it easier to
pick specific versions of the GPL and AGPL licenses, and to choose
whether or not you include future versions of the license. Both
default to version 3 (and above).

New `use_proprietary_license()` allows your package to pass R CMD
check while making it clear that your code is not open source
(#1163). Thanks to @atheriel for the blog post suggesting the wording:
https://unconj.ca/blog/copyright-in-closed-source-r-packages-the-right-way.html

`use_lgpl_license()` now uses version 3 (and above), and gains new
`version` and `include_future` argument to control which version is
used.

`use_gpl3_license()`, `use_agpl3_license()` and `use_apl2_license()`
have been deprecated in favour of the new `version` argument to
`use_gpl_license()`, `use_agpl_license()` and `use_apache_license()`.

The `name` argument to `use_mit_license()` has been changed to
`copyright_holder` to make the purpose more clear. The `name` argument
has been removed from all other license functions because it is not
needed; no other license makes an assertion about who the copyright
holder is.

## RStudio preferences

usethis is now fully cognizant of the [changes to RStudio
preferences](https://blog.rstudio.com/2020/02/18/rstudio-1-3-preview-configuration/)
in RStudio 1.3:

`edit_rstudio_snippets()` looks in the new location, and if you have
snippets in the old location, will automatically copy them to the new
location (#1204)

New `edit_rstudio_prefs()` opens RStudio preferences file for editing
(#1148).

`use_blank_slate()` can now configure your global, i.e. user-level,
RStudio preference, in addition to project-level (#1018).

## Other changes

`browse_package()` and `browse_project()` are new functions that let
the user choose from a list of URLs derived from local Git remotes and
DESCRIPTION (local or possibly on CRAN) (#1113).

The legacy `"devtools.desc"` option is no longer consulted when
populating a new DESCRIPTION file. You must use the
`"usethis.description"` now (#1069).

`use_dev_package()` gains a `remote` parameter to allow you to specify
the remote. The existing behaviour, which adds an `OWNER/REPO` GitHub
remote, remains the default (#918, @ijlyttle).

`use_cpp11()` is a new function to set up an R package to use cpp11.

`create_package(roxygen = FALSE)` once again writes a valid NAMESPACE
file (and also has no Roxygen* fields in DESCRIPTION) (#1120).

`create_package()`, `create_project()`, `create_from_github()`, and
`proj_activate()` work better with relative paths, inside and outside
of RStudio (#1122, #954).

`use_testthat()` gains an edition argument to support testthat v3.0.0
  (#1185)

`use_version()` now updates `src/version.c` if it exists and contains
a line matching `PKG_version = "x.y.z";`.

usethis has been re-licensed as MIT (#1252, #1253).

## Dependency changes

New Imports: gert, jsonlite (was already an indirect dependency),
lifecycle, rappdirs

No longer in Imports: git2r, rematch2

---
## [darkhz/revvz_sakura](https://github.com/darkhz/revvz_sakura)@[81a56de5db...](https://github.com/darkhz/revvz_sakura/commit/81a56de5dbf25ee1f52de2fb8668709d32c9673c)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 13:06:57 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [darkhz/revvz_sakura](https://github.com/darkhz/revvz_sakura)@[2cec9bdcbd...](https://github.com/darkhz/revvz_sakura/commit/2cec9bdcbd1886960fe146d89ca78f0b0b9d790b)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 13:06:57 by George Spelvin

lib/list_sort: optimize number of calls to comparison function

CONFIG_RETPOLINE has severely degraded indirect function call
performance, so it's worth putting some effort into reducing the number
of times cmp() is called.

This patch avoids badly unbalanced merges on unlucky input sizes.  It
slightly increases the code size, but saves an average of 0.2*n calls to
cmp().

x86-64 code size 739 -> 803 bytes (+64)

Unfortunately, there's not a lot of low-hanging fruit in a merge sort;
it already performs only n*log2(n) - K*n + O(1) compares.  The leading
coefficient is already at the theoretical limit (log2(n!) corresponds to
K=1.4427), so we're fighting over the linear term, and the best
mergesort can do is K=1.2645, achieved when n is a power of 2.

The differences between mergesort variants appear when n is *not* a
power of 2; K is a function of the fractional part of log2(n).  Top-down
mergesort does best of all, achieving a minimum K=1.2408, and an average
(over all sizes) K=1.248.  However, that requires knowing the number of
entries to be sorted ahead of time, and making a full pass over the
input to count it conflicts with a second performance goal, which is
cache blocking.

Obviously, we have to read the entire list into L1 cache at some point,
and performance is best if it fits.  But if it doesn't fit, each full
pass over the input causes a cache miss per element, which is
undesirable.

While textbooks explain bottom-up mergesort as a succession of merging
passes, practical implementations do merging in depth-first order: as
soon as two lists of the same size are available, they are merged.  This
allows as many merge passes as possible to fit into L1; only the final
few merges force cache misses.

This cache-friendly depth-first merge order depends on us merging the
beginning of the input as much as possible before we've even seen the
end of the input (and thus know its size).

The simple eager merge pattern causes bad performance when n is just
over a power of 2.  If n=1028, the final merge is between 1024- and
4-element lists, which is wasteful of comparisons.  (This is actually
worse on average than n=1025, because a 1204:1 merge will, on average,
end after 512 compares, while 1024:4 will walk 4/5 of the list.)

Because of this, bottom-up mergesort achieves K < 0.5 for such sizes,
and has an average (over all sizes) K of around 1.  (My experiments show
K=1.01, while theory predicts K=0.965.)

There are "worst-case optimal" variants of bottom-up mergesort which
avoid this bad performance, but the algorithms given in the literature,
such as queue-mergesort and boustrodephonic mergesort, depend on the
breadth-first multi-pass structure that we are trying to avoid.

This implementation is as eager as possible while ensuring that all
merge passes are at worst 1:2 unbalanced.  This achieves the same
average K=1.207 as queue-mergesort, which is 0.2*n better then
bottom-up, and only 0.04*n behind top-down mergesort.

Specifically, defers merging two lists of size 2^k until it is known
that there are 2^k additional inputs following.  This ensures that the
final uneven merges triggered by reaching the end of the input will be
at worst 2:1.  This will avoid cache misses as long as 3*2^k elements
fit into the cache.

(I confess to being more than a little bit proud of how clean this code
turned out.  It took a lot of thinking, but the resultant inner loop is
very simple and efficient.)

Refs:
  Bottom-up Mergesort: A Detailed Analysis
  Wolfgang Panny, Helmut Prodinger
  Algorithmica 14(4):340--354, October 1995
  https://doi.org/10.1007/BF01294131
  https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.6.5260

  The cost distribution of queue-mergesort, optimal mergesorts, and
  power-of-two rules
  Wei-Mei Chen, Hsien-Kuei Hwang, Gen-Huey Chen
  Journal of Algorithms 30(2); Pages 423--448, February 1999
  https://doi.org/10.1006/jagm.1998.0986
  https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.4.5380

  Queue-Mergesort
  Mordecai J. Golin, Robert Sedgewick
  Information Processing Letters, 48(5):253--259, 10 December 1993
  https://doi.org/10.1016/0020-0190(93)90088-q
  https://sci-hub.tw/10.1016/0020-0190(93)90088-Q

Feedback from Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/fd560853cc4dca0d0f02184ffa888b4c1be89abc.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [Miouyouyou/fantastic-adventure](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/fantastic-adventure)@[cfa7885777...](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/fantastic-adventure/commit/cfa7885777993aeb480dac61d7dd328f908d6cc7)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 13:21:35 by Miouyouyou (Myy)

VR: Now in option and correctly aligned

The VR movement are now "done". The synchronization is still
done after one second, and only done once, but this should
"do the trick" for now.
So the VR character now looks forward after synchronization,
meaning that the whole player (its capsules, colliders, models,
...) absorb the initial rotation and the camera is looking
forward (and not BACKWARDS !).

It's still bad in many ways, since I only synchronize the
Player rotation in multiplayer, and that rotation is only
sampled on the base node. Meaning that if the HMD is rotated,
due to the real player actually turning in its room, I won't
be able to see it. Maybe I could just sample it on the camera
itself and call it a day ?

One seemingly good idea is to attach everything physically
related to the ARVRCamera so that everything it actually
aligned based on the camera... However, the PlayerRigidBody
needs its collider as a direct child, so that won't be possible.
I haven't tried putting the PlayerRigidBody below the
camera and handling all the movement with it... Note to self...
The main problem with this approach is to make sure that the
actual parent (which might be the ARVROrigin here) is moved,
instead of the PlayerRigidBody, else the RigidBody might just
offset itself from the camera, which won't move, and generate
an insane amount of issues...
Moving the origin manually means that the Physics might not
be taken into account correctly... Ugh...

I'd love to be able to redirect the HMD Transform on any
arbitrary node Transform, instead of playing mind games, though.
If the PlayerRigidBody were to react to the actual HMD offset,
the whole thing would just correct itself.

Anyway, it's not called an adventure for nothing.

Oh, and also a new checkbox haven been added to the main menu,
in order to enable "VR Mode" inside the game.

Signed-off-by: Miouyouyou (Myy) <myy@miouyouyou.fr>

---
## [DaleMcGrew/WebApp](https://github.com/DaleMcGrew/WebApp)@[019970e370...](https://github.com/DaleMcGrew/WebApp/commit/019970e370a1aff1eb88f26cb06ed149bce4b138)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 14:18:07 by dalemcgrew

I would love your thoughts on this pull request. Initial updates to make sure I have this right. It seems like we might want to pass "history" into Application in the Root.jsx file, what do you think @SailingSteve? Also the linter is warning about prop spreading and the way around that is to declare props in the new format shown for example on lines 78-80 on OrganizationsToFollowPreview.jsx

---
## [Ruin0x11/DroidRef](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/DroidRef)@[2aa3e941e8...](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/DroidRef/commit/2aa3e941e84256ea70197e5817425b3db4d546dc)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 15:09:51 by Ruin0x11

Rearchitect to use ViewModel

Holy God, this was a pain to accomplish.

All I wanted was to be able to persist state after rotation and backgrounding. That basically amounted to spending several hours moving around all of the logic in the view that was working fine and adding a lot of confusing redirection, generally lowering the code quality. That seems to be what happens when you try to rewrite things in the way Google insists that you do. There are just so many pieces that depend on things in the view like device width and height that you have to pass around haphazardly. And there was the part where the databinding classes weren't getting autogenerated because I didn't add this one XML property that wasn't clear from the docs. Then there was another hour wondering why databinding to MutableLiveData in the layout XML wasn't working until I added adapter functions. I guess that part was just learning properly.

If ViewModel and this kind of whole program rearchitecture is the only practical way of getting in-memory persistence of large amounts of data with Android, then what were people using before MVVM was a thing? Did they just give up?

---
## [McCLIM/McCLIM](https://github.com/McCLIM/McCLIM)@[4075e480af...](https://github.com/McCLIM/McCLIM/commit/4075e480af195b9f5ca4333453a79c5e472f4ee7)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 15:22:04 by Daniel Kochmański

pixmap: implement pixmaps as mirrors (not sheets)

- move operators mentioned by the spec to decls.lisp

- with-output-to-pixmap: don't change the sheet medium

  The code that bound the sheet medium to a temporary medium associated with a
  pixmap had no purpose

  - first of all sheet was not guaranteed to have an associated medium
  - the macro's argument may be also a medium (that is not a sheet)
  - the sheet is not specified to be  accessed in a body, only the medium-var

- remove unused protocols

  - with-pixmap-medium - macro is not used anymore (and operated under invalid
    assumption, that a pixmap is always a mediuM)

  - port-{de}allocate-pixmap is removed in favor of more specific operators
    {de}allocate-pixmap

  - remove a separate class hierarchy for pixmaps that implemented the sheet
    protocol

  - double buffering: remove a hacky logic

- treat a pixmap as a mirror

  Pixmaps are "off screen windows", and a mirror is a display window. This
  commit introduces a kludge, where medium-drawable may be directly set - that
  means in particular, that medium-drawable is not necessarily the
  sheet-mirror. This way we may implement with-output-to-pixmap without much
  hassle, however backend implementers should remember that they are working
  on medium drawables that are not necessarily their sheet mirrors, i.e

    (xlib:draw-rectangle (medium-drawable medium) 1 1 2 2)

  Instead of

    (xlib:draw-rectangle (sheet-mirror (medium-sheet medium)) 1 1 2 2)

  The latter looks awful enough, but some backends did that in the past.

- refactor render backend class hierarchy

  image-pixmap-mixin (and its subclasses) does not inherit from a sheet
  %make-image accepts width and height arguments instead of a "container"
  render medium-draw-* are more vary about medium region and transformation

  Introducing functions MAYBE-TRANSFORMATION and MAYBE-REGION is an
  intermediate step before removing all medium access to sheets by correctly
  initializing its transformation during graft.

---
## [SuperiorOS/android_packages_apps_Launcher3](https://github.com/SuperiorOS/android_packages_apps_Launcher3)@[0dc0c0d08d...](https://github.com/SuperiorOS/android_packages_apps_Launcher3/commit/0dc0c0d08dfda3a79fee2668e3d8fa0acb43a5fa)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 15:42:59 by Alex Cruz

Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

@eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1
Signed-off-by: DennySPb <dennyspb@gmail.com>

---
## [thanhvg/spacemacs](https://github.com/thanhvg/spacemacs)@[c595640a34...](https://github.com/thanhvg/spacemacs/commit/c595640a344b90965bd080420f7845af65526736)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 18:32:15 by Daniel Nicolai

In navigation layer, Bind J/K to scroll up/down in Info-mode

Spacemacs lacks a keybinding alternative to the most natural way of scrolling
Info pages (i.e. SPC) in vanilla emacs.
Anyway, this commit adds J/K to scroll most naturally through info pages.
Currently, in Info-mode, a keybinding for J is not defined while K is bound to
evil-lookup.

Issue #2828 already adresses the inconsistent experience, and in my opinion this
can and should be improved as navigating Info pages is a very crucial part of
using Emacs.

Personally I have bound J/K to scroll page up/down in buffers/pdf/djvu/doc-view,
which I inherited from using the zathura pdf reader, and I think this is a better
default than the default vim alternatives.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6b997a4e48...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6b997a4e4863f70a9edbb08b8862eb51f4881a1a)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 18:44:20 by Marko Grdinić

"11:20am. The new year is here. I spent 2020 learning concurrency and then using it in the creation of Spiral v2. This year, I am going to spend programming in it.

11:25am. Let me chill for a while and then I will start.

11:30am. Actually, let me have breakfast and do the chores here. I do not have time to do anything in the morning session. I really slept well tonight.

1:45pm. Let me finally start. First, let me post the review on the Simulacrum blog. I will just put it through a spell checker first. It is really a chore to the do the PL sub review, this, plus this journal, but I'll keep it up unless it starts giving me trouble.

2pm.

///

[Spiral v2](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language) is out on the VS Code marketplace. Installing the language is as simple as installing the plugin from the extensions tab. It is still in testing phase, and it should have been for a few months more, but I decided to not be timid, and pushed forward the release. My plan right now is to keep fixing the bugs while I do the docs.

Even though I say that, the language is not in a poor shape at all, so feel free to give it a try. By the time January is over both the documentation and the language should be in good shape.

It has been a long time getting to this point. I spent the entire year 2020 on making it happen. Every design mistake from v0.09 has been amended, and the language has a cool, new top-down type system to take the edge off the partial evaluation magic that it does.

After January is done, I intend to finally put my plans into action. In 2018, I put in a lot of effort on making a GPU-based deep learning library using the original Spiral. In 2021 I will do the same thing except much better. I will make use of the language as wedge to get me through the door of [various hardware companies](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2020/8/246356-neuromorphic-chips-take-shape/fulltext). Getting them to sponsor me is one aspect of the plan, but the main purpose of the expedition will be to get a handle on these devices and make sure I am continually at bleeding edge of the hardware wave from here on out.

Though I could not accomplish my main goal 2018 which was making a good RL agent, the ML library itself was in my view fairly impressive - I manage to create a fully optimized RNN (similar to the one in the [Nvidia blog post](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/optimizing-recurrent-neural-networks-cudnn-5/)) and used it as a model in a policy gradient training of a poker agent whose game implemented alongside it. I had to automate serialization between language barriers, and the game's data types and something the NNs could process. In order to implement optimized GPU kernels such as the one in the blog post, I had to implement automatic differentiation on GPU itself. All the technical achievements were not accomplished simply by gritting my teeth and dropping down to the low level, but through innovative high level abstractions. For example, GEMM fusion from that blog post is made much easier by having tensors with named dimensions.

This is the usual habit in my programming - I solve a task, I generalize the solution and then reuse the abstractions elsewhere. The language one is using makes a vital difference - that library and all those optimizations would have been impossibly difficult to do in C for example.

I made some mistakes too. When it comes to making a GPU library, it turns out that .NET's GC is really a poor fit for managing GPU memory. I'd have been better off picking Python as a target platform. Towards the end of 2018 the old Spiral's poor design and implementation made the compile times go up drastically. And having to do type inference programmatically was really an anchor around my neck.

I can go on about my regrets, but even if it weren't for all of those, I do not think I could have accomplished my goal. Towards the end of 2018, I realized one thing - though GPUs are the workhorse of deep learning, they are actually a very poor fit of reinforcement learning. I spent a long time bashing my head how to improve the performance of RL algorithms. I blasted backpropagation. At some point understanding will dawn, but until then I've realized that what I should do is make do with poor algorithms.

Maybe backprop is a poor fit, but the reality is that the task of reinforcement learning is particularly difficult. In 2018 I've challenged myself to improve a single model and got nowhere. Instead of doing that, in 2021 I will take advantage of new hardware to master ensembles.

In 2018, I would train a model, and would get wildly different results depending on random seeds. It is an open secret that RL researchers cherry-pick their results. Instead of getting mad at that, what I have to do is formalize that insight. If training a single model is all up to luck, why not train a 100 of them in a single go?

GPUs are actually a very poor fit for that. They are good for quickly processing batches of data through a single model, but doing something like passing a single vector of data through numerous networks would be the worst case fit for them. It will be different for [neurochips](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhQgElvtb1s). The new language will allow me deal with the hardware, and the hardware will allow me to complete the agents that I could not a few years ago.

Well, that is the plan for when I am done with the docs I plan on striking out and getting in contact with hardware companies themselves when I am ready. If somebody from the hardware side is reading this and is interested having a Spiral backend and an ML library for it please do get in touch.

---

(Continued from the PL monthly sub post.)

If this plan works, I will be able to solve my poverty woes in one fell swoop. The paper I linked says there are 50 startups, so there are plenty of potential sponsors for my services. I plan to price the rental space in the Spiral ecosystem for these companies at 3k per month. Assuming the sponsor is interested in having a permanent backend and library to the point of paying for it, this is the price point that I think will make it rational for the companies to just cash out to me instead of hiring another programmer to fork Spiral and maintain that. Maybe I could go for more, but I will curb my greed and resist trying to squeeze the other parties. Maximizing money is not that important, I want to get through this next part peacefully.

Since the market is ripe, I am hoping to get a bunch of them and build up my monthly income that way.

In Croatia, the average salary is a bit over 1k per month. Local dev salaries are higher than the average, but it is not a rich region by any means. Even just getting single sponsor would put me way above average. And I've been without money for long enough, so I am determined to make this work. I need to get access to chips anyway - instead of paying for them years down the road, isn't it better that I get others to pay me to program them today? I really do need to explore the offerings anyway, I don't have a view on which specific piece will be dominant yet. It would be a mistake to pick one and stick with it; at this point I do need variety.

Unlike v0.09 which was researchy kind of language, and whose libraries I've written in F# strings, v2 has way higher quality across the board, so I am confident on about the quality of my offering.

Still, it is not like my past schemes were successful. But to be fair they were pretty crazy.

This has a fairly rational chance of working out, but I don't have the experience nor the knowledge to tell how things will go. I should be able to convince the leads to take a look at Spiral, but whether the companies will be willing to pay depends on the level of the people working there. I expect them to be mostly using Python + C as their hardware stack. This should have a large amount of friction that Spiral could alleviate, but who knows, maybe the guys there will be the kind that likes C.

I have no idea what the general programmer level of the C crowd is, but there are plenty 'lol GC bad' kiddies there. They are not exactly innovative. If the guys I keep running into don't see a point to a language having first class functions, that will make any kind of negotiations untenable. The ideal team would be the one that has positive experience with other functional programming languages. I can imagine those kinds of people really being impressed with Spiral.

But even though functional programming is in ascendance, it is not mainstream by any means. So if I run into a team like that, it will more likely be an exception than the rule. I might end up being forced to take whatever opportunity I can get.

I can do a good job on Spiral, and I can try to tailor my message, but beyond that things are out of my hands. I'll do my best and let the dice land where they may.

If this were all about money, trying to make a poker agent, let alone a language would make zero sense.

It is not that crushing [these guys](https://www.esportsearnings.com/) would be satisfying monetarily. It is just I can't imagine a successful Singularity run that does not go through that path. Could there exist a programmer too weak to beat online gaming, but strong enough to conquer the universe? I doubt it. Gaming success is as much of a sanity check as it is an opportunity to make money along the way.

When I decided to make Spiral, I set on out on my own path. I really expected there would be more people than just me working on a language to make an ML library. Because I know back then that down the road new hardware will come out, and Theano, Tensorflow - whatever was popular at the time would be scrapped. The hardware companies would not have Google level resources to make those kinds of compilers. Even if they do take the effort to integrate with popular frameworks, what will happen if deep learning gets superseded by new algorithms?

Furthermore, deep learning is not so difficult as to necessitate such huge software investments that Google and Facebook are making. I could not make a GPU library in F#, but it was doable in Spiral v0.09 and it will be easy in v2.

I do feel a certain sense of loneliness that what I expected did not come to pass, but in the software world the isolation I endure today will be competitive moat tomorrow.

It is difficult. In games you command the player character and the action gets executed. If only my own mind had the same kind of calm attitude and disposition that my proxies do. My own mind requires deep planning and elaborate beliefs to embark on a course of action. The action requires effort, but establishing motivation requires just as much effort. It is tiresome.

Do I have anything better to do than programming in this life? No. If I could go back in time 15 years ago, I'd command myself to do programming. If I could get an extra 15 years of work today for free, just how much further along would I be? It is unimaginable.

I can't change the past, so this time I'll be smarter and give this gift to the me of the future. For a person of a sinister character such as myself, programming is a fitting punishment.

Every day I gather inspiration, then I try to manifest it as code. I manifest it as writing. I gather inspiration and let it loose letting my hands act out the office of the mind after that.

This inspiration is an invisible power that I have to contain in raw matter. Otherwise it would escape.

Yet even though I keep doing this exercise, I haven't attained even a bit of what I want yet. I have no intention of stopping.

I will find my dream again, at the end of the human era.

///

LanguageTools are good, but they fucked up my formatting. Now I have to fix it by hand. Just how is it inserting those newlines?

Furthermore, deep learning is not so difficult as to necessitate such huge software investments that Google and Facebook are making.

2:10pm.

```fs
let s =  "Furthermore, deep learning is not so difficult as to necessitate such huge software investments that Google and Facebook are making."
let s' = "Furthermore, deep learning is not so difficult as to necessitate such huge software investments that Google and Facebook are making."

let x = s.ToCharArray()
let x' = s'.ToCharArray()
Array.iteri2 (fun i x x' ->
    if x <> x' then printfn "at %i, %i <> %i" i (int x) (int x')
    ) x x'
```

This is what I am doing now. When printed as chars, all these spaces look the same to me.

```
at 17, 160 <> 32
at 26, 160 <> 32
```

2:15pm. Ok, I see it. Even in the editor I can just select the empty space at is will show me what is going on. Language tools for some reason is using a different word (160) than the regular space (32) and that is what is causing trouble. Easy fix.

2:20pm. Ok, let me post this thing.

2:25pm. This is beyond troublesome. How do I switch to the old editor so I can just paste the text as it is?

2:30pm. The wordpress interface is so convoluted. I figured out how to switch the classic editor, but now it is not letting me do the change due to it shadowing the one I trashed.

2:40pm. Finally posted the thing. I feel like me trying to remind myself how to switch to the classic editor is going to be a recurring skit every six months.

Note: To switch to the Classic Editor go to WP Admin -> Posts and edit the draft from there.

I'll add this note to the top of this journal file. That way I will be reminded where the instructions are.

2:50pm. Ok, I got that out of the way. I am just taking a short breather. This always takes me a full hour for some reason. The PL thread is not up yet.

2:55pm. It is time I start work on the docs. As expected, when I am fresh, the inspiration comes much more easily. And I did have some time to think about it during the night. Today I will try keeping it up till 8pm. Given that I've been skipping the morning session and getting up late, 6pm is really enough time in the day to do all that I want.

3:30pm. Had to take a little break. I realized that I forgot to make the `:` parser indentation sensitive.

```fs
            (indent i (<=) (opt (skip_op ":" >>. root_type_annot)))
```

Let me just go with this.

3:35pm. Since it is not really important I'll leave this change for a later patch. Let me just focus on the documentation for the time being.

No doubt later, maybe soon, I'll have to do something to allow `print_static` in the editor. It would be best if I could open the plugin in a terminal. There was something about that in the samples.

I'll also need to look into language extension options. There was stuff in the sample for that.

3:40pm. Focus me. I need to focus on the docs for now. I'll deal with the extension configuration and terminal launching later.

4:30pm. Good thing I haven't just published the thing without testing it. What I had there broke the parser.

```
(opt (indent i (<=) (skip_op ":" >>. root_type_annot)))
```

Let me try this.

5:30pm.

```
// Asserts an expression. If the conditional and the message are literals it raises a type error instead.
inl assert c msg =
    inl raise =
        if lit_is c && lit_is msg then error_type
        else failwith `(())

    if c = false then raise msg
```

Fixed an error in assert. I was not passing the type as the first argument.

```
inl assert c msg =
    if c = false then
        if lit_is c && lit_is msg then error_type msg
        else failwith `(()) msg
```

Let me implement it like this. What I had previously was too complicated.

...Let me actually test this.

6:05pm. Done with lunch. Let me resume. I can keep going for a while longer.

```
Error trace on line: 4, column: 5 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\compilation_tests\tutorial1\a.spir.
    assert_less_than_ten 11
    ^
Error trace on line: 3, column: 34 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\compilation_tests\tutorial1\a.spir.
    inl assert_less_than_ten x = assert (x < 10) "The argument must be less than 10."
                                 ^
Error trace on line: 128, column: 5 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\VS Code Plugin\core\real_core.spir.
    if c = false then
    ^
Error trace on line: 129, column: 9 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\VS Code Plugin\core\real_core.spir.
        if lit_is c && lit_is msg then error_type msg
        ^
Error trace on line: 129, column: 40 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\VS Code Plugin\core\real_core.spir.
        if lit_is c && lit_is msg then error_type msg
                                       ^
The argument must be less than 10.
```

Yeah, it all works.

6:20pm. Right now I am at 2k lines. I've exceeded my previous high.

But I am starting to feel pinched. I really do need the Spiral compiler to have the capability of showing itself somewhere. Other compilers are fine, but Spiral programs can cause the compiler to stack overflow at compile time. I need to warn the user about that somehow. I need to enable print_static to be used from the plugin. I am going to make that my priority tomorrow.

6:30pm. Hmmm, I need to think a little what comes next. Let me take a break.

I want to cover type inference in the bottom up segment.

6:45pm. I am back. I should be able to do this for another burst. Let me give it a try.

7:25pm. No, let me stop here at 2.08k. I just feel too unmotivated to do this next part right now. I need my sloth after all. Let me publish the patch. Done.

Let me also see if the PL thread is up.

...Nope. I'll post the monthly rev tomorrow then.

7:30pm. Tomorrow I will take a break from the docs to upgrade editor support. I am actually up for doing this since it is related to user experience. This is what I want to do the most right now. The thing I least want do right now is hack on the language itself, such as when doing that typecase fix. I want to put working on the language firmly behind me.

I paid my dues to the PL gods with v0.09, the two prototypes and now v2.

Let me close here.

I am going to put another dent in this tomorrow. 2.1k is not too bad. 30 lines is a single page, so right now I am at 70 pages. I won't make any hard limits on how low the number of lines should be. As long as the language is covered in depth sufficiently enough it will be fine.

Struct of array tensors and serialization I'll do as separate chapters from the two main ones. For reverse serialization, I do not think the language has enough built in ops yet. I'll have to extend it more.

I'll use opportunity January is giving me to trully finish the language. Then come the chips."

---
## [jeanp413/TypeScript](https://github.com/jeanp413/TypeScript)@[94f3ca142f...](https://github.com/jeanp413/TypeScript/commit/94f3ca142f155791d45b90b0c99f2a056eaab314)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 19:59:23 by Josh Goldberg

Added runtime TypeError for non-function, non-null __extends

As per the linked issue, although TypeScript already has checking in place that tries to prevent users from extending classes before their declaration, it's still possible to accidentally work around the checker. This adds a block to `__extends` that throws a `TypeError` if the base class `b` isn't a function.

My _hope_ is that this will not have a negative performance impact on community performance-critical applications, as they would likely already prefer newer browser/Node versions and output ES2015+ code. If there is something you can think of that I should do to verify that hope, I'd love to know!

For reference, runtime errors in Node 12.0.0 (Chrome exhibits the same messages):

```js
class X extends null { }
// undefined

class Y extends undefined { }
// TypeError: Class extends value undefined is not a constructor or null

class Z extends 0 { }
// TypeError: Class extends value 0 is not a constructor or null
```

`Class extends value {0} is not a constructor or null` matches the Node.js behavior:
* [Message template](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/2bdeb88c27b4d8de3a8f6b7a438cf0bcb88fa927/deps/v8/src/common/message-template.h) for `ExtendsValueNotConstructor`
* [Error thrown with that message](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/6ca81ad72a3c6fdf16c683335be748f22aaa9a0d/deps/v8/src/runtime/runtime-classes.cc#L617) when `!super_class->IsConstructor()`

Runtime errors in Firefox 72.0.1:

```js
class X extends null { }
// undefined

class Y extends undefined { }
// TypeError: class heritage undefined is not an object or null

class Z extends 0 { }
// TypeError: class heritage 0 is not an object or null
```

---
## [LanosLawlite/Etheryan-calander](https://github.com/LanosLawlite/Etheryan-calander)@[3d338278fe...](https://github.com/LanosLawlite/Etheryan-calander/commit/3d338278fe58736dd54709dc62feeb508f3d54b6)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 21:11:36 by CodeQuebexCode

last update for 2nd of hydro morning

bleh.
tejas messed up
himanishi is angry
chinmay is stupid
hopefully she becomes sane again bye diary thank you good night stop existing this is too  long but I am going to continue to type tejas has work he will hit me with a fidget spinner and frogs i will freak out and eventually die so will be the story of Chinicorp bye.
signed
janitor of chinicorp
chinmay

---
## [hjhornbeck/bayes_speedrun_cheating](https://github.com/hjhornbeck/bayes_speedrun_cheating)@[cc0766a375...](https://github.com/hjhornbeck/bayes_speedrun_cheating/commit/cc0766a37555c4850e7fd6bca1d59eb434876f34)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 21:13:01 by hjhornbeck

- Tidied up the dataset a bit, seperating Dream's runs made "before" his
  break from those made "after."
- Added a bit more to the intro section.

NOTES TO FUTURE SELF:
- Make sure to add the big brain and galaxy brain cheaters to the
  analysis, and run the numbers. Your past self thinks that's very cool.
- Also make sure to write the section translating the Negative Binomial
  into the Binomial according to my original analysis, but add a part
where I hint at the correct answer. Honestly, the fact that the
resulting function no longer normalized to one should have been a big
clue that the multiplicative factor shouldn't have been p^c, but instead
1.
- Oh yeah, and the current draft doesn't do much to justify the
  normalization constant in the final metric. Add a graph that "fans"
across all possible weightings, to show it really is the maximal value
the numerator can take.

---
## [johannlilly/linkedin-learning](https://github.com/johannlilly/linkedin-learning)@[47090eac17...](https://github.com/johannlilly/linkedin-learning/commit/47090eac17c4c8da34ee29eab181412e73fe88b7)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 21:16:08 by Johann Lilly 李光 يوهان ليل Джон Лилли

Design Thinking: Data Intelligence

Yesterday big data was all the rage; today we have intelligent machines and processes to leverage that data wisely. Learn how modern data intelligence helps designers provide a more personal and human design experience. Randall Elliott, associate director of design technology at frog, shows how to use data in creative problem-solving: to generate ideas, create better designs, and connect with users in meaningful ways. He tackles data generated by computers as well as that gathered through interviews and other hands-on means. He shows how to collect, analyze, and visualize the information to help solve your customer's challenges, leveraging intelligent tools and agile processes such as rapid prototyping.

---
## [VoidJ47/github-slideshow](https://github.com/VoidJ47/github-slideshow)@[bd89f4f910...](https://github.com/VoidJ47/github-slideshow/commit/bd89f4f91082e728cc18b5de2b40f12ba0855a68)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 22:11:06 by VoidJ47

am I seriously not allowed to end with a dot? also I kinda want to see how long this field can be, even though I've been told to keep it under 50 chars, i will make this a very very long message and end it with a dot for science ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddasssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssxdddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddcxdsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss damn did they even put a hard cap on this sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxcccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm if anyone sees this please understand I had to do it in order to sleep tonight dddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW capital w seems to be the widest letter WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWw ok this too much I'm done .

because github wants me to

---
## [BubbyBabur/PeepsBot](https://github.com/BubbyBabur/PeepsBot)@[223ea0b77a...](https://github.com/BubbyBabur/PeepsBot/commit/223ea0b77a736912d0190b2f9996cd4b849f3bbf)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 22:11:38 by Roger Fan

I... deleted everything on my computer...... accidentally... i rewrote all api keys... i hate my life

---
## [yaakovyitzchak/achdus](https://github.com/yaakovyitzchak/achdus)@[25b6c6a858...](https://github.com/yaakovyitzchak/achdus/commit/25b6c6a85897354aaa5b753b203f2e53242b86b7)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 22:48:24 by yaakovyitzchak

Create README.md

B"H
MOSHIACH NOW the exile needs to end right away and we should all go to Yerushalayim the Holy City and all of the dispersed of Yisroel should all be speedily gathered and the 3rd temple should be manifested from the heavens RIGHT NOW basically, as well as all of the nations of the world being united under the One single G-d through the fulfillment of the 8 Mitzvos of Bnei Noach (look it up right this second if you haven't already, https://www.chabad.org/kabbalah/article_cdo/aid/380332/jewish/The-Mitzvot-of-Non-Jews.htm and https://www.chabad.org/library/article_cdo/aid/62221/jewish/The-7-Noahide-Laws-Universal-Morality.htm and don't forget https://asknoah.org/books/sheva-mitzvot-hashem as well as https://asknoah.org/ and especially https://asknoah.org/7-commandments )

Blessings and success

---
## [pterodactyl/panel](https://github.com/pterodactyl/panel)@[f72402b5fa...](https://github.com/pterodactyl/panel/commit/f72402b5fa90ecfb3ac3379f0c61ae2a8d07e8ab)
#### Friday 2021-01-01 23:27:04 by Matthew Penner

God please forgive me for the sin I have just committed

---

# [<](2020-12-31.md) 2021-01-01 [>](2021-01-02.md)

