# [<](2021-03-10.md) 2021-03-11 [>](2021-03-12.md)

3,652,220 events, 1,636,956 push events, 2,562,051 commit messages, 191,735,452 characters


## [WindowDump/qmk_firmware](https://github.com/WindowDump/qmk_firmware)@[348466ccc5...](https://github.com/WindowDump/qmk_firmware/commit/348466ccc5ed5384766d94a7c13a0988fded5b7c)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 01:03:41 by Chester Moses

the big bad rebase commit

Update readme.md

Added personal keymaps under dumpspec name.

Manual integration of QMK PR#6260

the fruits of my firmware hacking

Keymap tweaks (encoder fixed)

Featuring astg on base layer!

Added new Corne keymap, some minor tweaks.

Added UT47.2 keymap with homerow mods

Added Planck, massive Corne rework

Migrating Corne keymap to other boards because I love it

MysticMacro and various tweaks

random cleanup

Updated Lily58 keymap (homerow mods)

Added Keyboardio Atreus, UT47.2 tweaks.

Continuing to tweak combos etc (need early combos)

Hands Down Alt on the Atreus and Corne

now supporting new version of Hands Down Alt

aaaand moved everything to the windowdump keymap name

---
## [darkwolfxj/custom_streamlabs_widget](https://github.com/darkwolfxj/custom_streamlabs_widget)@[fd58c73688...](https://github.com/darkwolfxj/custom_streamlabs_widget/commit/fd58c736885e072696ef818c88ab36d7f029227a)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 01:13:01 by darkwolfxj

idek why I ever thought I needed to do the stupid ass shit I was doing.
s doing

---
## [danruelop/PrototipoVanishingSword](https://github.com/danruelop/PrototipoVanishingSword)@[fa520cf7be...](https://github.com/danruelop/PrototipoVanishingSword/commit/fa520cf7be11dbb6611235a1920b3a861cb3ce35)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 01:44:10 by Daniel Rueda

Implemented full UI

- Players Health is controlled by BP_UI_Master
- Enemy AI damage players, players receives damage (obviously)
- Fuck you Peter, next time be more carefull about working in the PROJECT

---
## [wes-chen/bmw-app](https://github.com/wes-chen/bmw-app)@[c1222db95e...](https://github.com/wes-chen/bmw-app/commit/c1222db95e5b1d5073d4519cd749b4597ed33a51)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 02:04:17 by Wesley Chen

fix iphone stupid bugs through hacky shit (#38)

* kill handlebars

* try appearance properties

* test target everything in html

* try now...

* oops broke something

* blackbg

* spacing fixes

* spacing fix2

* test set color onload??

* oops i messed up

---
## [neoJINXD/MilleniumArts](https://github.com/neoJINXD/MilleniumArts)@[34d7fb91f6...](https://github.com/neoJINXD/MilleniumArts/commit/34d7fb91f6d074138fd6c7d42021e0a206dcb9f3)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 02:17:56 by neoJINXD

god fucking damnit unity stop changing my settings :hkStare:

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[9780a0f46e...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/9780a0f46e7649b8580e3da45673beb30b8bb3ca)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 02:52:00 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-10: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (BC, MB, ON, SK); mortality (MB).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “10 new deaths, for a total of 10,503 deaths: 1 death in the last 24 hours, 5 deaths between March 3 and March 8, 4 deaths before March 3.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [EternalClickbait/Team-Defense](https://github.com/EternalClickbait/Team-Defense)@[6dcde53b8d...](https://github.com/EternalClickbait/Team-Defense/commit/6dcde53b8d578217653cf56071dceb0a9733cd9c)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 04:50:50 by EternalClickbait

gIVE UP

Fuck this it's so stupid
I hate this
WHY!?!?!?!?

---
## [SerenityOS/serenity](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity)@[292871c4bc...](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/commit/292871c4bc63cc7443d71083df603ee55e17945e)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 07:54:57 by Ben Wiederhake

UserspaceEmulator: Handle MAP_FIXED with invalid addresses better

Old behavior: Crash due to VERIFY, unless we're completely and entirely out of
memory (m_available_ranges being empty), in which case it would return -ENOMEM.

New behavior: Return ENOMEM (and don't crash). In the case of nullptr,
also emit a helpful diagnostic.

Note that MAP_FIXED with nullptr is technically okay, but tends to be a sign
that something went wrong.

Also, this should improve mmap performance marginally, as it pulls the check out
of a loop that does not modify any parts of the check.

UE is now self-hosting! Fixes #5709.

However, this still needs some love: "ue UserspaceEmulator true" spits out tons
of error messages, probably false-positives, and takes about 229 seconds to run.
Then again, true-in-ue-in-ue-in-Qemu is three levels of emulation, so no wonder
it takes a long time! :D

---
## [MajorGamerJay/neofetch](https://github.com/MajorGamerJay/neofetch)@[094cbdfe9e...](https://github.com/MajorGamerJay/neofetch/commit/094cbdfe9ed7d99f97bd8f9d88a829a5af064508)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 08:00:32 by majorgamerjay

Memory unit is now displayed according to the amount of memory
available/total.

To display memory in a certain unit, before the --memory_unit flag had
to be used. Which was useful honestly but I think it would be better if
memory was displayed as MiB when its below 1 GiB. To do that, I had to
remove the option for --memory_unit, so it will not work anymore. But
this also broke --display_memory [bar/infobar/info].

If anyone has any fix to this, I'd love to have it.

---
## [ahromov/l2j-server-datapack](https://github.com/ahromov/l2j-server-datapack)@[f081e87984...](https://github.com/ahromov/l2j-server-datapack/commit/f081e87984b671c0b6be1d977365ef4ae66d9cdb)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 09:04:46 by Zoey76

Updated/fixed skills

Advanced Block (1304)
Ritual of Life (1306)
Noblesse Blessing (1323)
Elemental Protection (1352)
Divine Protection (1353)
Arcane Protection (1354)
Prophecy of Water (1355)
Prophecy of Fire (1356)
Prophecy of Wind (1357)
Greater Might (1388)
Greater Shield (1389)
Resist Holy (1392)
Resist Dark (1393)
Clarity (1397)
Frintezza's Concert Hall Melody (5008)
Seed of Revenge (5561)
Spirit of Phoenix (5562)
Eva's Will (5563)
Pain of Shillien (5564)

Finally closed issue: #71

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f02c1d1121...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f02c1d11216a83eb0525da38245e31f2da216c09)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 10:36:41 by Marko Grdinić

"9:10am. I am up. This morning I've been thinking about incremental partial evaluation, and I've elaborated my previous scheme for it. I can see it more clearly now.

Yeah, it is all easy. Spiral is essentially done and nothing will stop me from enjoying its benefits.

9:15am. If I drop dead ahead of schedule, I can rest assured that somebody will take the baton. Join points will live on in perpetuity.

As strange as it sounds, this was always one of my motivations.

Now that I've come to this point, I can finally pursue more selfish goals.

9:20am. Now if only the Internet would come back online.

...It is not coming back no matter how much I fiddle. Sigh. Imagine if this happened while my agents were trying to play online poker in the background. What will I do about this? I have no idea. Is there anything I can do?

9:25am. Forget this. Let me see if I can get some work done in the morning. I really hate to do this so forcefully, but I have no choice.

* Update the `PackageEnv` after validating the `SchemaEnv` based on the order.
* Do the schema loader.
* Update the mirror graph based on the order.

I have the key functions for the first one.

9:35pm.

```fs
    let modules pid =
        let x = modules.[pid]
        let state = proj_file_get_input x.files.uids_file x.files.files
        fun mid path -> pid, mid, path, state.[path]
```

Oh, it is interesting that mid here is a generic parameter. This gave trouble before.

9:40am.

```fs
let inline dirty_nodes_template funs (ids : Map<string, PackageId>) (packages : SchemaEnv) modules
        (state : Map<PackageId,_>) (dirty_packages : string HashSet) =
    let d = Dictionary<string,_ [] * ProjFiles>()
    dirty_packages |> Seq.iter (fun path ->
        let pid = ids.[path]
        match Map.tryFind pid state with
        | Some x ->
            let modules = modules pid
            let files = proj_file_from_schema packages.[path].schema
            let state =
                let state = proj_file_get_input x.files.uids_file x.files.files
                proj_file_make_input (fun mid path ->
                    match state.TryGetValue(path) with
                    | true, x -> wdiff_file_update_input funs x (modules mid path)
                    | false, _ -> funs.init (modules mid path)
                    ) files
            d.Add(path,(state,files))
        | None ->
            ()
        )
    d

let dirty_nodes_tc (ids : Map<string, PackageId>) (packages : SchemaEnv) (modules : ModuleEnv)
        (state : Map<PackageId,ProjStateTC>) (dirty_packages : string HashSet) =
    dirty_nodes_template file_tc_funs ids packages (fun pid mid path -> pid, mid, modules.[path].bundler) state dirty_packages

open WDiff.Prepass
let dirty_nodes_prepass (ids : Map<string, PackageId>) (packages : SchemaEnv) (modules : Map<PackageId,ProjStateTC>)
        (state : Map<PackageId,ProjStatePrepass>) (dirty_packages : string HashSet) =
    let modules pid =
        let x = modules.[pid]
        let state = proj_file_get_input x.files.uids_file x.files.files
        fun (mid : ModuleId) path -> pid, mid, path, state.[path].result
    dirty_nodes_template file_prepass_funs ids packages modules state dirty_packages
```

The internet came back, but now I am into it. I'll leave chilling for the break.

9:45am. I feel like slacking. Let me do that update function and then I will do so.

10:05am.

```fs
let wdiff_projenvr_update_packages_tc ids packages modules (state : ResultMap<PackageId,_>) (dirty_packages, order) =
    let state = wdiff_projenvr_sync_schema funs_proj_package_tc funs_proj_file_tc ids packages state order
    let dirty_packages = dirty_nodes_tc ids packages modules state.ok dirty_packages
    {state with ok=projenv_update_packages funs_proj_package_tc funs_proj_file_tc ids packages state.ok (dirty_packages, order)}
```

With this the bullet point has finally been resolved.

Let me chill.

10:45am. Let me start.

* Update the `PackageEnv` after validating the `SchemaEnv` based on the order.
* Do the schema loader.
* Update the mirror graph based on the order.

```fs
let wdiff_projenvr_update_packages_tc ids packages modules (state : ResultMap<PackageId,_>) (dirty_packages, order) =
    let state = wdiff_projenvr_sync_schema funs_proj_package_tc funs_proj_file_tc ids packages state order
    let dirty_packages = dirty_nodes_tc ids packages modules state.ok dirty_packages
    {state with ok=projenv_update_packages funs_proj_package_tc funs_proj_file_tc ids packages state.ok (dirty_packages, order)}

let wdiff_projenvr_update_packages_prepass ids packages modules (state : ResultMap<PackageId,_>) (dirty_packages, order) =
    let state = wdiff_projenvr_sync_schema funs_proj_package_prepass funs_proj_file_prepass ids packages state order
    let dirty_packages = dirty_nodes_prepass ids packages modules state.ok dirty_packages
    {state with ok=projenv_update_packages funs_proj_package_prepass funs_proj_file_prepass ids packages state.ok (dirty_packages, order)}
```

Should I do it like this, or should I abstract more?

```fs
let wdiff_projenvr_update_packages dirty_nodes funs_proj_package funs_proj_file
        ids packages modules (state : ResultMap<PackageId,_>) (dirty_packages, order) =
    let state = wdiff_projenvr_sync_schema funs_proj_package funs_proj_file ids packages state order
    let dirty_packages = dirty_nodes ids packages modules state.ok dirty_packages
    {state with ok=projenv_update_packages funs_proj_package funs_proj_file ids packages state.ok (dirty_packages, order)}

let wdiff_projenvr_update_packages_tc ids packages modules state (dirty_packages, order) =
    wdiff_projenvr_update_packages dirty_nodes_tc funs_proj_package_tc funs_proj_file_tc
        ids packages modules state (dirty_packages, order)

let wdiff_projenvr_update_packages_prepass ids packages modules state (dirty_packages, order) =
    wdiff_projenvr_update_packages dirty_nodes_prepass funs_proj_package_prepass funs_proj_file_prepass
        ids packages modules state (dirty_packages, order)
```

Abstract more. I had not counted on using a ResultMap for the prepass, but it is fine. The more code I reuse, the easier it will be to maintain.

* Update the `PackageEnv` after validating the `SchemaEnv` based on the order.
* Do the schema loader.
* Update the mirror graph based on the order.

With this, the first bullet point is done.

```fs
let wdiff_projenv_update_module funs_packages funs_files (s : Map<PackageId,ProjState<'file_input,'file,'state>>) (uid,x,tail) =
    let s = Map.add uid (wdiff_proj_update_files funs_packages funs_files s.[uid] x) s
    Array.fold (fun s (uid,l) ->
        let l = l |> List.map (fun (a,b) -> a, (Map.find b s).result)
        Map.add uid (wdiff_proj_update_packages funs_packages funs_files s.[uid] l) s
        ) s tail
```

I'll probably never get a chance to use this. Let me just comment it out.

```fs
// TODO: Make a version for updating just a single file.
```

I'll also get rid of this comment. Who feels like optimizing single file updates. Not me.

Here is the overall plan for what happens on the package side. This is my mental model of it.

1) `.spiproj` file gets parsed into a `Schema`.
2) It gets loaded along with its dependent modules and packages
3) They got converted to `SchemaState`, validated and moved into their relevant env.
4) Typechecker envs get updated.
5) That gets sent to the attention server.

When a single module is changed or opened, things are similar, except there is an extra step of loading the parent proj file.

I have that first point done. The third point is done as well. And I just got the fourth one dealt with.

The attention server will come last.

Now I have to deal with the loading of packages and modules.

Hmmm...what about updating the mirrored graph? The dirty packages are easy, but what should the order be based on? The pre update or post update? When should the update be done?

...

The update should be done between steps 2 and 3. And the order should be based on the post update. Package changes shouldn't affect the reverse links, not unless they are recursive. And that is the erroneous case that will take care of itself.

Updating the graph won't be hard. Let me just focus on loading the packages for today.

11:20am. Writing the above out has made me realize that I am further along than I though I was. I am probably between 60-70% finished.

Let me take a look at the package loader from the previous time.

```fs
let package_update errors (s : SupervisorState) package_dir text =
    let queue : LoadResult Task Queue = Queue()
    let rec load_module package_dir s l =
        List.fold (fun s -> function
            | FileHierarchy'.File((r, path as p),name,exists) ->
                match Map.tryFind path s.modules with
                | Some _ -> if exists then s else {s with modules = Map.remove path s.modules}
                | None ->
                    if exists then
                        File.ReadAllTextAsync(path).ContinueWith(fun (x : _ Task) ->
                            try let uri = Utils.file_uri path
                                let x = (module' (tokenizer_error errors uri) (parser_error errors uri) (is_top_down path)).Run(DocumentAll(Utils.lines x.Result))
                                LoadModule(package_dir,p,Ok(x))
                            with e -> LoadModule(package_dir,p,Error e.Message)
                            ) |> queue.Enqueue
                    s
            | FileHierarchy'.Directory(name,l) ->
                load_module package_dir s l
            ) s l

    let load_package s package_dir text =
        match Map.tryFind package_dir s.packages.intra_schemas, text with
        | _, Some text -> // Parse and validate the schema using the provided string.
            Task.Run(fun () -> LoadPackage(package_dir, Ok(schema_parse_then_validate package_dir text)))
            |> queue.Enqueue
            s
        | Some(Ok x), None -> // Rather than reloading from disk, just revalidate it.
            Task.Run(fun () -> LoadPackage(package_dir, Ok(schema_validate package_dir x.schema)))
            |> queue.Enqueue
            s
        | _ -> // Load from disk and validate it.
            let p = Path.Combine(package_dir,"package.spiproj")
            if File.Exists(p) then
                File.ReadAllTextAsync(p).ContinueWith(fun (x : _ Task) ->
                    try LoadPackage(package_dir, Ok(schema_parse_then_validate package_dir x.Result))
                    with e -> LoadPackage(package_dir, Error e.Message)
                    ) |> queue.Enqueue
                s
            else {s with packages={s.packages with intra_schemas=Map.add package_dir (Error "The package file does not exist.") s.packages.intra_schemas}}

    let main (s : SupervisorState) = function
        | LoadPackage(dir,x) ->
            let s = {s with packages={s.packages with intra_schemas=Map.add dir x s.packages.intra_schemas}}
            match x with
            | Ok x -> List.fold (fun s (r,x) -> load_package s x None) (load_module dir s x.files) x.packages
            | Error _ -> s
        | LoadModule(_,(_,path),Ok x) -> {s with modules=Map.add path x s.modules}
        | LoadModule(package_dir,(r,_),Error er) ->
            match Map.tryFind package_dir s.packages.intra_schemas with
            | Some (Ok x) -> {s with packages={s.packages with intra_schemas=Map.add package_dir (Ok {x with errors = (r,er) :: x.errors}) s.packages.intra_schemas}}
            | _ -> failwith "Compiler error: The package should be present and valid in the map."

    let mutable s = load_package s package_dir text
    while 0 < queue.Count do s <- main s (queue.Dequeue().Result)
    s
```

11:30am. Maybe I made a mistake turning on that router as I am just getting distracted by browsing on the side. But right now, let me have that breakfast.

The above thing really is as complicated as it appears. The above is definitely amateur quality code. Everything is bound together and intervowen."

---
## [MikeGuantonio/java-training](https://github.com/MikeGuantonio/java-training)@[46e85a7577...](https://github.com/MikeGuantonio/java-training/commit/46e85a75778ce787dffd2454b18d2f443d42de60)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 11:58:17 by Michael Guantonio

Java Training Graph

Added in more tests to understand how to focus on exceptions in tests that are expected.

[Research] I've tied this test with my **implementation** and not my behavior. I shouldn't really care about a null pointer exception in code but I really don't know how I want to handle it just yet. Wrapping things in a try catch just to create a class is a bit hacky in my opinion. I should either return a safe error object that can be usd or I can have some kind of static factory involved that returns that error message should something go awry. This has the knock on effect however of having the consumer need to worry about the state of the object in much the same way as the exception. Another way out of this hurdle could be to instead move that logic outside of the class but again now I have object creation business logic outside my class meaning if someone were to use my object without this, they would not be able to recover from the error. This is what keeps me up at night.

---
## [lowpez/wordpress-themeforest](https://github.com/lowpez/wordpress-themeforest)@[85f3e5bcc1...](https://github.com/lowpez/wordpress-themeforest/commit/85f3e5bcc1ee5c7ef19216241b3e5fb64903f22c)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 13:03:17 by lowpez

AppArt - Creative WordPress Theme For Apps Saas 

AppArt Creative App Landing WordPress Theme. It is 100% responsive and looks stunning on all types of screens and devices. You can use Appart as a better way to present and promote your start-up mobile apps, saas applications, software, digital products. Users will love your site because it gives them a unique user experience (UX), clean, modern & beautiful design

---
## [freedesktop/drm-misc](https://github.com/freedesktop/drm-misc)@[87b497179f...](https://github.com/freedesktop/drm-misc/commit/87b497179f5c7c524dd00a6c0d464a390cc74db0)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 16:15:15 by Douglas Anderson

drm/panel-simple: Retry if we timeout waiting for HPD

On an Innolux N116BCA panel that I have in front of me, sometimes HPD
simply doesn't assert no matter how long you wait for it. As per the
very wise advice of The IT Crowd ("Have you tried turning it off and
on again?") it appears that power cycling is enough to kick this panel
back into a sane state.

>From tests on this panel, it appears that leaving it powered off for a
while stimulates the problem. Adding a 6 second sleep at the start of
panel_simple_prepare_once() makes it happen fairly reliably and, with
this delay, I saw up to 3 retries needed sometimes. Without the 6
second sleep, however, the panel came up much more reliably the first
time or after only 1 retry.

While it's unknown what the problems are with this panel (and probably
the hardware should be debugged), adding a few retries to the power on
routine doesn't seem insane. Even if this panel's problems are
attributed to the fact that it's pre-production and/or can be fixed,
retries clearly can help in some cases and really don't hurt.

Signed-off-by: Douglas Anderson <dianders@chromium.org>
Reviewed-by: Stephen Boyd <swboyd@chromium.org>
Reviewed-by: Linus Walleij <linus.walleij@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Walleij <linus.walleij@linaro.org>
Link: https://patchwork.freedesktop.org/patch/msgid/20210115144345.v2.3.I6916959daa7c5c915e889442268d23338de17923@changeid

---
## [SilverStudioGames/WT-Silver](https://github.com/SilverStudioGames/WT-Silver)@[5d11d5e6d3...](https://github.com/SilverStudioGames/WT-Silver/commit/5d11d5e6d3d93a79e1bd5db8fe05be5b33de092c)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 16:49:42 by Johnny

Cho fixes

* Tweaked Quiz end day/night dialogue variants.
* Changed some dialogue in Hufflepuff match leadup so that Cho mentions they're up against Hufflepuff since she later talks about that specific seeker.
* Moved and edited some dialogue to keep a better flow of conversation.
* Changed instances where Cho calls Genie "Professor"  since genie already asked her to only call him by the nickname or "Sir".
* Added section at end of private T1 "Talk to me" "masturbate" option where genie comes up with the idea of using Cedrics obsession with panties. (This section is already part of when you don't masturbate.)
* Fixed text error for when you click on public favours in the evening.
* Fixed a couple grammar/spelling mistakes.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[f7accbd1ad...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/f7accbd1ade3e42936fe8cc446707c7492c301d0)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 17:01:03 by ATH1909

Bunnies conjured from top hats each start with no eggs remaining instead of ten (#57597)

This PR adds a subtype of rabbits that starts with eggsleft = 0 instead
of eggsleft = 10 to the game, and makes top hats summon them instead of
normal rabbits. Note that these rabbits can still lay loaded eggs if
you feed them carrots (each carrot will give them 1-4 more eggs, which
they will disgorge from themselves with time).

The slowdown values of the Easter Bunny outfit's pieces have been
nerfed to be -0.3 each instead of -1 each, which I believe should make
someone wearing both pieces of the outfit move at the same speed as a
cultist who's wearing berserker robes (which have a slowdown value of
-0.6). Both pieces of the Easter Bunny set now also have the
THICKCLOTHING flag, and the Easter Bunny head now has the SNUG_FIT
flag.

---

https://youtu.be/QZj3h7FODhU

So, #56773 added the ability to pull rabbits from hats using wands. It
was a great PR, but there was one teensy little issue with it- each
rabbit that you pull out of a hat will, over a somewhat long period of
time, lay 10 loaded eggs, which you can use in-hand to receive a
chocolate egg and an Easter-related item.

Most of these items are just action figures, toys, etc., but two of the
items in the pool of prizes are the Easter Bunny head and the Easter
Bunny suit, which are two of the very few pieces of clothing in the
game that have negative slowdown values. Wearing even one of them will
let you zoom across the station at incredible speeds (you can see this
demonstrated in the Youtube video I linked above).

You will still be able to farm for Easter Bunny gear after this PR, but
you'll now have to acquire a consistent source of carrots and feed each
rabbit a carrot whenever you think it's low on remaining egg uses (you
can't stockpile eggsleft charges too far, as carrots won't increase the
eggsleft variable if it's >=8). You'll also still have to actually
collect and open each laid egg and deal with the risk of getting
swarmed by bees. This, I think, is a reasonable enough amount of effort
to acquire post-nerf Easter Bunny gear.

It should also be noted that you'll still be able to farm pet moodlets
and meat slabs from bunnies, which I've decided to leave in because you
can already do a similar thing with the kittens produced by Runtime and
a cat clone from cytology (which will always be male). Also, petting
zoos are fun, and I like the idea of the chef using small, innocent
creatures (and some bees) that have been summoned by stage magic as the
primary source of his food's meat.

The new clothing flags are there because the Easter Bunny set looks
like a mascot costume, which should be resistant to syringe injections
and dislodgements from thrown hats.

---
## [Sannidhya127/FIle-Bash](https://github.com/Sannidhya127/FIle-Bash)@[128b1210c1...](https://github.com/Sannidhya127/FIle-Bash/commit/128b1210c12b72f31135b34d8de117a82e558861)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 18:02:45 by Sannidhya127

As usual log is changing always when I run the code. Few more loggings added, some yet ot be added. Tomorrow is my last exam for this year finals. From tommorow super activity!! Might slow down cuz I am kinda addicted to minecraft ;). Anyways, log changed, little changes in main.py and deleted the server and client codes which were some shitty useless codes. THANK YOUOOOO

---
## [mwiencek/musicbrainz-server](https://github.com/mwiencek/musicbrainz-server)@[4c61b5d22b...](https://github.com/mwiencek/musicbrainz-server/commit/4c61b5d22b1d945b810675cb8a58c26887f8a796)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 19:28:25 by Nicolás Tamargo

Merge branch 'master' into beta

* master:
  Update POT files using the production database
  Update translations from Transifex
  MBS-8621: Reset openedSingleQuote for every new guess
  MBS-10012: Treat http and https version of link as same for adding
  MBS-9836: Guess Case: stop uppercasing "the" in artist names
  MBS-11407: Make Controller->error use React errors
  MBS-10487: Allow adding instruments and areas from inline search
  MBS-11427: Improve seed-love-bug test/showcase
  MBS-9884: Use "Created" for character-type artist begin dates
  MBS-8232: Support more Unicode quotation marks in guess case
  Add Flow helper to check the exhaustiveness of switch statements
  MBS-9866: Add bubbles explaining what IPI and ISNI are on add forms
  Bump Flow to 0.146.0
  MBS-9987: JSON-LD: Use "Concept URI" for Wikidata
  MBS-11402: Block smart links: many.link
  MBS-11405: Don't show ended URL rels in DeprecatedRelationship reports
  MBS-11408: Clarify Edit Note Author edit search options
  Fix typo (s/privileged/privileges/)
  compareDates / compareDatePeriods changes
  MBS-10076: Friendlier error when deleting attribute that has children
  MBS-10004: JSON-LD MBID URIs should be HTTP
  Fix component name in EditRelationship.js
  Upgrade Flow to 0.145.0
  MBS-11403: Convert attribute in use page to React

---
## [sahajsinghsachdeva/FnCMart](https://github.com/sahajsinghsachdeva/FnCMart)@[a6f84ac1a5...](https://github.com/sahajsinghsachdeva/FnCMart/commit/a6f84ac1a5a7d268f2a50a2fabbaa5cd23ba5282)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 20:09:00 by sahajsinghsachdeva

Love you code!! Don't be like Jerry, I cant run behind you for fixing your fucking shit. Footer

---
## [danruelop/PrototipoVanishingSword](https://github.com/danruelop/PrototipoVanishingSword)@[3730ce5910...](https://github.com/danruelop/PrototipoVanishingSword/commit/3730ce59109fa89443e7dc14cd366aa0365d7b8e)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 20:29:48 by Daniel Rueda

Fixed map

FUCK YOU FUCKING DESIGN CREATE FUCKING FOLDERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YOU RETARDS

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[a9156fbdaf...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/a9156fbdaf76e847f0b7b765e518b2c8b76a59f0)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 20:37:24 by Lamar Cooley

Seems we've reached an Impasse

The point before point of no return. I've mixed feelings about proceeding from here. You finally beat the game, but are you sure you want to go to NewGame+? No no.... You've finally finished the first chapter of the main quest, but proceeding any futher in the story will take you to a new area. Are you sure you wish to leave? Your favorite show has ended and it holds a great amount of nostalgia in your heart. The spin off airs now, but part of you worries.

I think, I think this is a good spot to remain for now.

This is a completely exaggerated example of the moral dilemma
https://youtu.be/ks5DFEwZoHw?t=472

Can't quite remember everything about the episode but I remember this part at 7:52. While the Krusty Krab technically by modern standards is "better", I mean look at all the cool new stuff it has: Omg a freaking pool table? Sign me up. And I mean it is also a lot more efficient. They're able to pump out patties left and right and they've got the automated cash register. Putting the overt grossness of the patties aside (as i'm sure that's not the case here) that is pretending that the patties taste fine if not better. Well actually either way, the customer's are content. But it still just feels off. Where's the Love? Love truly is something magical and I think it's an important ingredient to any truly great product. This is more of an extreme dystpoian fear of things down the line. I hope that love is included in every commit.

Anywho, will I proceed from here? Mmm possibly eventually? Perhaps if there's some grand new feature that twiddles my heartstrings. But not knowing the folks reduces my immediate trust, this is probably something I should always do but i'll probs hold off on blindly merging beta builds. Eh I'm starting to ramble now.

We'll see what happens from here I suppose. Even if I become an SL-Boomer, I think tho whoever replaces me will likely eventually continue regardless of I stopped or not. Rightfully so. For now, in grand conclusion, we'll be resting here for a decent bit.

---
## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP)@[e7ae8e393d...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP/commit/e7ae8e393d6e9728c7cf909260fa097e4db67082)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 20:59:50 by nik707

Aura's donator item (#2845)

* e.

* adds teshears for aura

* Revert "adds teshears for aura"

This reverts commit 385770da2a5ce833ff37e0f26c35711569030205.

* Revert "Revert "adds teshears for aura""

This reverts commit be147c570ed09812e1d375c8528fc19171c2b815.

* Revert "Revert "Revert "adds teshears for aura"""

This reverts commit 6e62d7451c9c7bf12bd2bc239ef8e18ae853c8ab.

* fuck you github

---
## [foxsouns/ReInventTheWheel](https://github.com/foxsouns/ReInventTheWheel)@[a38830cf82...](https://github.com/foxsouns/ReInventTheWheel/commit/a38830cf82a7d1fc3650c5dd66f238eeee9505ed)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 21:16:36 by Sage

upd8 ritw to be MORE CHILD FRIENDLY

NO CURSE WORDS ON MY ~~NON~~CHRISTIAN BATCH SCRIPT

- this is supposed to be ironic im sorry

---
## [ariccio/COVID-CO2-tracker](https://github.com/ariccio/COVID-CO2-tracker)@[2306c2c03b...](https://github.com/ariccio/COVID-CO2-tracker/commit/2306c2c03b91bc2e2a2cb04f67c7bd086a2c4e9b)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 21:33:57 by Alexander Riccio

Fix not logged in flow, Fix moving to center with autocomplete, needed complex fix.

So, autocomplete is annoying. `getPlace()` returns a mostly POD object, except for `geometry`. Geometry contains some getters, `lat()` and `lng()`, to get the location. Except, I can't, or SHOULDN'T store those in redux, since they aren't serializable. So I'm doing an ugly hack. I make a copy of the object before dispatching, pull out the data, remove the getters, merge the extracted data with the rest of the original object, and set that. This is done in a translator function that needs to be manually called, since redux-toolkit also warns on passing the functions into the action itself. So I check in the action whether the original field was removed first and throw an error if it wasn't. I shouldn't hit that path anyways unless I've done something wrong.

ALSO, I don't actually test when not logged in (YET), so I forgot to `skip_before_action :authorized` for a few things. To improve the flow, I needed to not raise `alert`s in a few places (as I was doing by default) when not logged in, and instead render proper errors suggesting the user log in. This may cause some weird issues down the line if I screw up the get_email api later, since it no longer raises top level alert dialog.

---
## [rsmiraldi/hello-world](https://github.com/rsmiraldi/hello-world)@[1caa3dc3eb...](https://github.com/rsmiraldi/hello-world/commit/1caa3dc3ebfb6395ca7c7f8c5a5137927f86a77f)
#### Thursday 2021-03-11 21:43:03 by rsmiraldi

Some changes about my frustrations learning this 

You'd think that it'd be fairly simple - but you don't even want to know how difficult it was for me to get here. But finally I found this wonderful little page which explained it all out to me. So here we are and there we are and the future looks limitless.

---

# [<](2021-03-10.md) 2021-03-11 [>](2021-03-12.md)

