# [<](2021-07-09.md) 2021-07-10 [>](2021-07-11.md)

1,854,590 events, 1,062,960 push events, 1,607,359 commit messages, 97,872,286 characters


## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[1c373747ad...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/1c373747ad5c7a47f7070daa3d4e3ccff159ad50)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 02:56:30 by terrynmuse

tweaked eri cage delay
increased spread on slime slinging slasher
buffed regurgitator hungry homing, reduced delay on spawning a new one, nerfed damage a lot when hungry isn't fully charged
berserked grants 10% increased damage, move speed, attack speed
rotting works on all npcs, including hostiles (was friendly only)
tweaked mutant eye sphere ring, fixed spawning 100 projs
naive attempt to fix confused left flips gravity
npcs become immune to most damage at 1 life in timestop, hopefully timber p1 doesnt shit a million heads now
changed eri contact debuffs from on fire/hexed to burning/berserked
adjusted timing on mutant p2 predictive dash and spin glow tells
reduced dust on mutant pillar fragments
sparkling adoration has a graze radius visual (toggleable)
reduced abom debuffs
improved abom tell from flaming scythes to dashes

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[aa98b063f0...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/aa98b063f03b4bd39bcc2d44b0e4eb7c44f97fb5)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:38 by quietly-turning

detangle TargetScore,Pacemaker,ActionOnTargetMiss

In August, I met Monique and we twirled circles arm-in-arm during
outside time until the nurses scolded us, barely able to contain their
own smiles. In September, I met a person younger than me with a heroin
addiction who explained that she was howling in the group room because
that's what wolves do and I wondered what would happen to her two
children. In November, I roomed with a pedophile hiding from the
authorities and his nightly confessions to me in that dark room we
shared still echo in my mind.

In December, I watched a young man be wheeled back to the group room
post-ECT every other morning. They'd ask him how he was feeling, and
he'd struggle to control his trembling jaw long enough to get the word
"good" out. "Do you think the ECT is helping?" they would ask, but he
never responded. I imagine I experienced a similar disconnect when I
started ECT sessions the following month.

Why is it that the things we have so much trouble saying out loud still
find ways to make themselves known?

I met Mary in June.

Mary had tried to end her life by taking a razor to her arms and
allowing her body to bleed out in her bathtub. She did not lose enough
blood to die, only enough to significantly weaken her body. Unable to
climb out after realizing she was likely going to live, Mary lay in a
bathtub of her blood for nearly 24 hours until her husband got back on
Sunday night, found her, and rushed her to the hospital.

Prior to taking the razor to the arteries in her arms, however, she'd
also cut up her feet, her calves, her thighs, her stomach, her chest,
and her face.

The hospital stitched and bandaged her arms, but the rest of her
lacerations were too small and shallow to bother with. Still, many were
enough to constantly reopen and bleed through motion. Quietly plodding
from her bedroom to the group room, she left a trail of blood on the dim
linoleum.

At the time, I'd wondered why she would do this. Why would you go out of
your way to disfigure yourself?

Should you have to continue living, visible scars can sometimes say what
words can't, like please keep a safe distance; you don't want to catch
whatever I have.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[72c04b6503...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/72c04b6503842b29ef96590bb82091010c3c04ed)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:38 by quietly-turning

fix Eval Pane2 arrow spacing for dance solo

She seemed painfully sober. I observed quietly from my seat a few rows
back.

Her stable gait and shoulder propped up the visibly shaky lurch of her
painfully drunk friend as they slowly climbed into the midnight R-Route
taking us off-campus. She helped her sit down and asked if she thought
she'd be able to make it home?

Her friend groaned insensibly, head in hands.

They couldn't have appeared more different. She was dressed for the 20F
chill, bundled in a long coat and scarf. Her friend was dressed for a
night of clubbing, more skin exposed than covered. "Do you think you'll
be able to make it home?" she asked again. Her friend, slumped in the
seat, suddenly lurched forward, heaving, and she grabbed the nearby
waste bin for her just in time.

"That's disgusting," the bus driver growled. "No one wants to see that."

"I'm sorry, sir," she quivered, keeping her eyes on her still-vomiting
friend. "I'm just trying to get my friend home safely for the night."

"You're not sorry, otherwise you wouldn't have let her do that."

"I'm sorry, sir." she repeated, still focused intently on her friend. I
tried to not stare, to focus my attention out the window, but I felt
strongly drawn their interactions. It seemed as though some unit of
humanity was unfolding before me.

How did they know each other? I wasn't used to seeing pairs on buses so
unequally intoxicated. Everything about them seemed so wildly different.
Maybe it was only the one's altered state.

And I knew, very suddenly, that I was watching my own friends take care
of me, watch over me, carry me through my sadness.

For a moment I understood both their struggles, wants, frustrations, and
raw tenderness from my seat, a few rows back.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[f54137c508...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/f54137c50811ccffcd77dd0f9b808da1abb64a93)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:38 by quietly-turning

clarify inline comments

What am I doing with my life? Why does everything hurt so much? Why
can't I act on any single idea I have? Am I lost to rumination forever?
I could help people; I could switch jobs; I could move to a different
city; I could find new hobbies; I could go on dates; I could find new
friends;  why is my life this empty, numb loop? Why do I keep going?
When will the sea be still? Is it even possible? Can I do anything
without fucking it up? Am I even capable of social interaction any
longer? Excuse me, sir, will you walk with me to the bus stop?

The bus stop?

Yes, the bus stop by Starbucks.

The bus stop by Starbucks?

I've been trying to rely less on garbage cans, but I still have trouble
stepping off the curb.

I. Yes. That's no problem. Let's go to the bus stop that's this way.

Thank you. Are you coming from work?

Not really. I'm walking to Rite Aid to buy cookies.

That's good. We're going the same way. You can go there after we get to
Starbucks. Starbucks is just there, a little bit further, then you can
get your cookie.

Mhm. Where are you off to today?

Squirrel Hill.

That's a nice town. I like Squirrel Hill. There are lots of good
restaurants where you can get food with friends.

I like it, too. It sure is good we were going the same way today. Most
people walk right by me. They can't hear because they have earphones.

Oh, I do that a lot too.

It's good you didn't today.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[6aa0cdc6ad...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/6aa0cdc6ad084f5f7bb4e5678e30d0643e03b592)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:38 by quietly-turning

more consistent NPSGraphAtTop width

I woke up even earlier than usual. I'd wanted enough time to empty out
my backpack and replace the loose leaf paper, 0.5mm mechanical pencils,
and paperback novels with a water bottle, my wallet, and different
paperback novels. It was the first Monday of my 8th grade summer
vacation, and there was an excitement and sense of potential to the
months that stretched out in front of me.

I set out on my bicycle a few minutes before 8am. I'd biked to town
previous summers with neighborhood kids, but this was my first time
going by myself, and so early in the morning. The path that took me
across someone's back yard, through forest, across the train tracks, and
down the final embankment felt more alive than ever. Every push on my
pedals was focused on getting me out of the suburbs to State Street
where local businesses flourished. The sun was still rising and the day
beckoned.

I made it to Tudor Books for their 9am open and explored the shelves for
anything and everything that looked interesting. Maybe A Brief History
of Time? Ever since I'd read about the relativity of simultaneity and
considered light traveling across a moving train car I was intrigued and
confused and curious to learn more.

Or maybe this intricately annotated Hamlet? I knew it was the one that
featured Ophelia, whom I'd seen lifeless and drowned among the flowers
on posters in Spencer Gifts. Romeo and Juliet had been riveting and I
was eager to experience such strong emotions and beautiful words again.

After ninety minutes, I used some of my saved allowance to buy The
Chosen (it seemed like something I could finish in one sitting) and a
glass of chocolate milk (it seemed delicious).

It was so exciting to think that I'd chosen these things myself and
could spend an entire day with them. They weren't assigned or handed
out; they were things I wanted to pursue and now could. I knew that this
was my first taste of what adulthood would be: the freedom to explore
things of my own choosing.

I curled up in a big leather chair in a quiet corner and spent the rest
of the day reading.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[62513f94cc...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/62513f94cc873064a045eda668f8c971de019b2b)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:38 by quietly-turning

more consistent sizing of TitleMenu logo assets

They each have their own problems: suicidal depression, intense anxiety
manifesting as constant tremors, eating disorders, borderline, and so
on. Collectively, they are human people struggling with mental health,
and they talk about the difficulties – both day-to-day and more broadly
– during each initial check-in.

There is a break halfway through the day, and then they come back and do
an exercise or game. The game that day was charades. Check-in had been
more strained than usual, and the group leader felt something fun was
needed.

It seemed surreal to see them put aside their trouble for a moment and
play charades. They smiled and laughed and seemed to genuinely have a
good time, as though they were able to become different people. Is that
possible?

One is so anxious she has trouble controlling her hands, but she smiled
and goofed around for a few moments, acting out various scenes. Another
is so painfully thin but she got so into the moment, even gently
encouraging me to, too, not hesitating to fall on me and expect me to
catch her when the prompt was "crowd surfing."

Surreal is the only word I have, as though I were statically observing a
dynamic scene that I was supposedly part of. But I was elsewhere, far
away, not part of the play.

I must be just clinging to woe at this point.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[f05703b071...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/f05703b0715eaef448597ef62f115a9b8fc6813b)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:44 by quietly-turning

update SL Acknowledgments

That morning, xxxxxx and I went out together for the 9 AM smoke break.
Neither of us smoke, but she asked if I wanted to do that "thing where
you hold hands and spin around really fast."

Lying still on the ground with the blue and clouds and sun spinning
over me, I heard the attending nurse threaten something about Isolation
Time Out if we didn't settle down.

At lunch, yyyyyy gave me a letter.

    30 August
    Life without you Dan will be dull, because I look forward to seeing
    those beautiful light blue eyes.

    Must you go and leave me Dan?

    I just beginning to relax by hearing your sweet singing and playing
    of the guitar.

    Why Dan, you haven't even seen my son and he's coming sometime
    today. Why not meet him Dan? He'll idolize you. Even clown around and
    love for you to tickle him on his stomach.

    Peace be with you always.

    Love Always,
    yyyyyy

In that she had spent four hours the previous night laughing insensibly,
I considered this letter nothing less than miraculous and thanked her
for it.

xxxxxx and I exchanged lengthy goodbye letters that evening.

   Today's incident outdoors was atypical for me, to say the least.
   Although I pretended not to have enjoyed it (due to being reprimanded
   by the nurse) I was definitely laughing and smiling on the inside.
   For the short moment while we were spinning, I felt free, like I
   didn't have any problems in the world and I wasn't in a psychiatric
   ward. I felt totally at peace. Even the fall was splendid! Thank you!

I left that night feeling very light of spirit.

I'm home now. A few scars and a folder overflowing with the essays,
poems, and prose I wrote are my only tangible ties to those weeks.

While I'm happy with the things I wrote while there, there were surely a
million times I wished I had my camera with me. Sometimes a photo just
makes more sense.

For example, I wanted to take a picture of the nameplate on the door of
Dr. Looney's office. I wanted to take a black and white shot
highlighting the perfectly angular spider web on the black gatepost,
just as I wished I could have captured the scene of zzzzzz in front of
the outdoor smoking area, gazing into the dark night as moonlight poured
through the posts creating an intricate display of shadow around him.

After spinning and falling on Saturday, I laid on the ground for a while
to let my senses stabilize, and I saw a flower that had pushed its way
up between two bricks. It was the color of the sky and the clouds and
vivid August afternoon daydreams. It had the essence of friendship
formed from shared understanding. It felt aware of its evanescence and
knew that it still had so much to show the world. I wish I could have
taken a photograph of it.

I know that doesn't make sense; it's hard to explain, really. I wish I
could show you a photo, but my words will have to suffice for now.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[7630f762e5...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/7630f762e5d3e01758c9600b0c66170640323543)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:44 by quietly-turning

remove question mark from filename (for Windows)

I remember that Fox News was on 24/7.

We were sitting in that darkened room, passing the time silently
together, when he said, "don't go."

I remember one segment was a half-hour special on Norman Rockwell
paintings. I think the segment involved interviewing different people
vying to purchase an original, or something like that.

I replied that I intended to stay until visiting hours ended and the
nurses kicked me out.

Gushy praise for a lost way of life was basically the theme from what I
gathered. I didn't really pay attention. I was mostly focused on him,
and our time together.

He repeated softly, "don't go."

And, to be honest, I'd pushed it out of my memory already. I think I had
forgotten that Fox News was airing a half-hour segment on Norman
Rockwell paintings before the half hour was even up.

So I smiled and said, "okay, I'll barricade the door now and get the
supplies ready. It'll be like a zombie apocalypse movie. The nurses will
come in droves, but I'll fight them off in order to stay longer."

But it came back just now as I read this article about a Swiss
photographer who journeyed across America in the 1950s to capture what
he saw as the American reality.

And he laughed. It was a wheezing, gasping sort of laugh that sounded
only slightly less awful than he looked.

I hadn't heard of Robert Frank or the resulting book, The Americans,
before, but it seems his work was roundly rejected at the time for
presenting an anti-American view of America. As I read the article, the
sound of the Fox News segment and its forceful reminiscing on Rockwell's
America came back.

When he got his breathing back under control, we resumed sitting
together quietly in that darkened room, and I saw him smile.

The contrast felt sharp and present-tense.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[401d264abd...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/401d264abd358bad9a224ae9132c3e960ed8b399)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:44 by quietly-turning

add dedicated README for profile avatars

"Would you like..."

She paused for a moment.

"...any vegetables on that?"

The second half of her sentence was both fainter and more forced, as
though she were suddenly struggling to get the words out. Each word
trembled a bit, and I wondered if she was about to cry.

Her facial expression didn't indicate that at all. She looked a little
tired perhaps, maybe from not getting enough sleep, or maybe from
working at Subway making sandwiches for indecisive strangers like me.
But that was all.

It was while scanning her face that I noticed the scar on her neck and I
understood.

"I have a vagus nerve stimulator implant, too. I know what it's like to
not be able to talk or even breathe regularly.

"I've recorded my voice and listened to the difference with the implant
on and off; it's night and day. I've had concerned people ask me if I'm
about to cry, and I've had to patiently explain with a limited air
supply that no, I'm not about to cry, I just have this stupid device in
my chest that constricts my airway every other minute. That I had it
surgically implanted as a last-resort treatment option a decade ago for
intractable depression. That no, no I don't think it really did anything
to treat the depression, it's just more a nuisance than anything.

"But, hey, I managed to meet up with a Medtronic representative about
two years ago and had it turned off and I haven't looked back."

That conversation took only an instant to occur because it only occurred
in my mind.

I decided not to say anything about her VNS. Maybe she wasn't
comfortable talking about it. Maybe she didn't want her coworkers to
know. In any event, she looked tired, patiently waiting for me to tell
her what vegetables I wanted on my sandwich.

---
## [teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5)@[695da5d9f9...](https://github.com/teejusb/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/695da5d9f9a54ec5b0b1c666b48cb3eaac402ca0)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 06:07:44 by quietly-turning

use CRYPTMAN.SHA256String if it's available

Ugly demon creature without a soul wrestles alone in the dark.

     Of what value is a soul?

it keeps the color
within my flesh, without which
I am pronounced dead

    Vivaldi strings, then
    a picnic with strawberries
    under night's cover.

Can we?

    Only without souls.

I'd like that.

---
## [hyunjun/bookmarks](https://github.com/hyunjun/bookmarks)@[d19b8e00cc...](https://github.com/hyunjun/bookmarks/commit/d19b8e00cc205723c1e949ad5b41ec6018e29c1e)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 08:30:08 by Hyunjun Chung

collection, Software Design, IT프로세스, content modeling, NanoID, Estimation, Modern Website, Backends For Frontends, architecture, Earthly, Review, compiler, 교육, Kaspersky, bitfonts, winix, x86-bare-metal-examples, WiFi, Ice, Principles, Unicode sorting

the-book-of-secret-knowledge: A collection of inspiring lists, manuals, cheatsheets, blogs, hacks, one-liners, cli/web tools and more https://github.com/trimstray/the-book-of-secret-knowledge

Book Review: A Philosophy of Software Design | Johz Blog https://johz.bearblog.dev/book-review-philosophy-software-design

기고 | 효과적인 IT프로세스 구축하기 ‘4가지 전제 조건’ - CIO Korea https://www.ciokorea.com/news/200264 프로세스 최적화 지표, SLA

What is content modeling? | Sanity.io guide https://www.sanity.io/guides/content-modeling-guide-introduction

Why is NanoID Replacing UUID?. A Tiny, URL-Friendly Unique String… | by Charuka Herath | Jun, 2021 | Bits and Pieces https://blog.bitsrc.io/why-is-nanoid-replacing-uuid-1b5100e62ed2

Software Estimation Is Hard. Do It Anyway. - Jacob Kaplan-Moss https://jacobian.org/2021/may/20/estimation

Delivering Modern Website Experiences: The Journey to a Content Mesh | Gatsby https://www.gatsbyjs.com/blog/2018-10-04-journey-to-the-content-mesh CMS

Backends For Frontends https://samnewman.io/patterns/architectural/bff

software-architecture-books: A comprehensive list of books on Software Architecture. https://github.com/mhadidg/software-architecture-books

Earthly - Better Builds https://earthly.dev makefile + docker
Can we build better? https://blog.earthly.dev/better-builds

How to Review Someone Else’s Code: Tips and Best Practices https://www.codecademy.com/resources/blog/code-review-best-practices

CompilerJobs | A listing of compiler, language and runtime teams for people looking for jobs in this area https://mgaudet.github.io/CompilerJobs

보편적인 프로그래밍 교육에 관한 오해 - Google Docs https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oDd5wswtiyNCjHQr5NgAv3ZU-8-5rJZUXEo3Puq_htI

Kaspersky Password Manager: All your passwords are belong to us | Donjon https://donjon.ledger.com/kaspersky-password-manager

hoard-of-bitfonts: turns out I like bitmap fonts https://github.com/robhagemans/hoard-of-bitfonts

winix: A UNIX-style Operating System for the Waikato RISC Architecture Microprocessor (WRAMP) https://github.com/halfer53/winix

x86-bare-metal-examples: Dozens of minimal operating systems to learn x86 system programming. Tested on Ubuntu 17.10 host in QEMU 2.10 and real hardware. Userland cheat at: https://github.com/cirosantilli/linux-kernel-module-cheat#userland-assembly ARM baremetal setup at: https://github.com/cirosantilli/linux-kernel-module-cheat#baremetal-setup 学习x86系统编程的数十个最小操作系统。 已在QEMU 2.10中的Ubuntu 17.10主机和真实硬件上进行了测试。 Userland作弊网址：https：//github.com/cirosantilli/linux-kernel-module-cheat#userland-assembly ARM裸机安装程序位于：https：//github.com/cirosantilli/linux-kernel-module-cheat#baremetal- 设置 https://github.com/cirosantilli/x86-bare-metal-examples

Reverse Engineering WiFi on RISC-V BL602 https://lupyuen.github.io/articles/wifi

Ice - 종합 RPC 프레임워크 | GeekNews https://news.hada.io/topic?id=4515

Principles.dev - Software Engineering Principles https://principles.dev
Software Engineering Principles | GeekNews https://news.hada.io/topic?id=4534

Unicode sorting is hard & why browsers added special emoji matching to regexp https://devlog.hexops.com/2021/unicode-sorting-why-browsers-added-special-emoji-matching

---
## [mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming)@[fa9c0b598f...](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming/commit/fa9c0b598ff73033752b52ab79d99d0935fc7557)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 14:29:33 by Karel Ha

Compete in AtCoder ABC 209

standings: 2873/8675 (~10700 competitors) on p. 144/536
-> PERCENTILE >66% (~ >73%) :-/ :-(
rank: 2871/8758
-> PERCENTILE >67% :-/ :-/
rating: -14 -> 984 (provisional) [6 KYU] :-/
performance as 891 :-/ [green - 4th worst in history :-/]
- stupid pattern mining :-( :-(

Analysis
--------
- Take-it-easy round (chill & relax before GKS tomorrow 7:00-10:00 :-/ )
- I came on time.
- first 2 problems in <6 min
- first 3 problems in <28 min
- cryptic 4th problem (seemingly LCA, but 2-coloring via BFS was enough)
  - submitted at 0:78:53 (i.e. ~50min :-/ :-/ )
    - could have been faster (w/o pattern mining)
- 4/4 ACs, but slow time :-/

A:
- hesitations:
  - weird wording "not {less,more} than"
    - confusing
  - intuition, no thorough thinking about case A>B
    - rely on rectifying via `max(0,.)`
  - fastest solution in 15s
    - I guess no copy-paste samples
=> REMEMBER: "NOT {LESS,MORE} THAN" MEANS {>=, <=}!
=> think hard through wordings to understanding the problem statement

B:
- traverse and decrement at odd indices (i.e. i%2!=0)
- hesitations
  - how to incorporate the odd-index updates
  - ternary `?:` vs `if`
=> USE `IF` WHEN UNSURE!
   - LEADS TO CLEARER/MORE STRAIGHTFORWARD CODE
   - ALLOWS FOR POSSIBLE ELSE (IF) BRANCHES

C:
- tricky to figure out
  - tried to look for DP desperately
  - or some complex/hard combinatorics
- enough to count number of variations
  - presort C[] first
    - order of A[i] sequence doesn't matter
    - least options first, then more and more options
    - at (0-based) position `i`, already `i` values have been used
      -> subtract `i` from number of options
    - multiple to result and modulo
=> BEWARE OF PATTERN MATCHING!!
   - AIM TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM (C-D) AS SIMPLY AS POSSIBLY
   - USING AS MUCH COMMON SENSE AS POSSIBLE
   - ONLY THEN RESORT TO SPECIALIZED ALGOS

D:
- cryptic problem
  - seemingly LCA
    - get dist() via BFS/DFS depths minus depth of LCA
    - then use parity of dist() to decide the result
  - but 2-coloring via BFS was enough
    - same color/parity? => Town
    - diff color/parity? => Road
    - in the end very simple code via BFS & checking 2-colors
- lost a lot of time learning / trying to understand LCA
=> STOP & PONDER!!!!!!!! PAUSE & (RE-)PLAN!!!!!!!!
   - IF STH SEEMS TOO COMPLEX (FROM READING ON THE INTERNET), THEN THERE
     MUST BE A SIMPLER WAY!!!
- lost a lot of copy-pasting & trying to understand LCA from KACTL
  codebook
=> BE SUSPICIOUS ABOUT USING CODEBOOKS/ADVANCED KACTL FOR ABC C-D PROBLEMS!!
=> BEWARE OF PATTERN MATCHING!!!!
   - AIM TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM (C-D) AS SIMPLY AS POSSIBLY!
   - USING AS MUCH COMMON SENSE AS POSSIBLE!!
   - ONLY THEN RESORT TO SPECIALIZED ALGOS!
=> PREFER TO RE-DESIGN TO SIMPLER CODE, IF IT'S REALLY AN OVERKILL
   - WORTH IT
   - BUT SAVE THE OLD CODE!

E:
- unsolved
  <- out of my reach
- digraphs?
  - build explicitly?
  -> not enough time! O(N^2) ~ 1e10 :-/
- toposort?
  - and then DP?
- only 247 ACs / 1080 submissions
  - must be hardcore++++

Signed-off-by: Karel Ha <mathemage@gmail.com>

---
## [Realm667/Re-Releases](https://github.com/Realm667/Re-Releases)@[15a561c84c...](https://github.com/Realm667/Re-Releases/commit/15a561c84cdfcc7cd43e8cee2a2787b87f233884)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 16:43:38 by Daniel Gimmer

Various map improvements

Thanks to "Salahmander2" for providing these. Full changelog:

- E1M1: Changed the slime swimmable sector so it's a 3D floor and with transparency. Instead of a teleport actor thingy, I changed the part where you go to the underslime part with portals.
- E1M2: Fixed a bug where demons won't spawn in at the bottom of the map. 3D swimmable sectors replaced height transfer.
- E1M4: Swimmable 3D floors. Moved secret exit further right. Eliminated the underwater sector, and converted the boat sector to 3D floors.
- E1M5: Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor.
- E1M8: Deleted Bridge things in place of a walkable 3D middle texture linedef flag.
- E1M9. Deleted Bridge things in place of a walkable 3D middle texture linedef flag. Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor in the vent sector.
- E2M1: Swimmable 3D floors.
- E2M2: Swimmable 3D floors. Fixed a bug where you fully can't climb up a ladder.
- E2M4: Deleted Bridge things in place of a walkable 3D middle texture linedef flag.
- E2M6: Swimmable 3D floors. Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor except for the invisible floor.
- E2M0: Swimmable 3D floors.
- E3M2: Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor.
- E3M4: Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor. Got rid of bridgethings at railings to be invisible 3D floors due to the way the bridge things were done.
- E3M5: Swimmable 3D floors. Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor.
- E3M7: Swimmable 3D floors. Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor.
- E3M8: Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor.
- E3M9: Swimmable 3D floors. Changed a bridge thing to be a 3D floor.
- E3M0: Fixed a bug on Easy where a Hell Knight will not spawn in, thus soft locking the game without cheats.

---
## [worstje/manuskript](https://github.com/worstje/manuskript)@[32caf6aa04...](https://github.com/worstje/manuskript/commit/32caf6aa04755a27ef9165105e2485629db91403)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 17:02:41 by Jan Wester

Partial fix for erroneous nbsp->space conversion

QDocument::toPlainText() has the stupid decision to convert nbsp to
spaces in it, which our users obviously hate. Unfortunately, this is
out of our control to fix completely. It is a very deep rabbit hole. :(

Typing non-breaking spaces in the editor now works. Reopening these
files at a later point has these characters remain intact.

What does NOT work is copy-pasting non-breaking spaces. These will end
up looking like normal spaces when you paste them somewhere else, be it
in Manuskript or some other document. In other words: it is impossible
for users to verify whether something is a non-breaking space or an
ordinary one.

I realize that it makes this partial fix meaningless for many. Sorry. :/

Partially fixes issue 738.

---
## [clang11/sdm845_kernel](https://github.com/clang11/sdm845_kernel)@[0a956a5e16...](https://github.com/clang11/sdm845_kernel/commit/0a956a5e16e3d9bb4475c0472df6e20cedbef649)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 17:15:52 by tanish2k09

Introducing KLapse - A kernel level livedisplay module v4.0:

Author: @tanish2k09 (email: tanish2k09.dev@gmail.com)

What is it?
Kernel-based Lapse ("K-Lapse") is a linear RGB scaling module that 'shifts' RGB based on time (of the day/selected by user), or (since v2.0) brightness. This concept is inspired from
LineageOS (formerly known as 'CyanogenMod') ROM's feature "livedisplay" which also changes the display settings (RGB, hue, temperature, etc) based on time.

Why did you decide to make this? (Tell me a story).
I (personally) am a big fan of the livedisplay feature found on LineageOS ROM. I used it every single day, since Android Lollipop. Starting from Android Nougat, a native night mode
solution was added to AOSP and it felt like livedisplay was still way superior, thanks to its various options (you could say it spoiled me, sure). I also maintained a kernel (Venom
kernel) for the device I was using at that time. It was all good until the OEM dropped support for the device at Android M, and XDA being XDA, was already working on N ROMs. The issue
was, these ROMs weren't LineageOS or based on it, so livedisplay was... gone. I decided I'll try to bring that feature to every other ROM. How would I do that? Of course! The kernel! It
worked on every single ROM, it was the key! I started to work on it ASAP and here it is, up on GitHub, licensed under GPL (check klapse.c), open to everyone :)

How does it work?
Think of it like a fancy night mode, but not really. Klapse is dependent on an RGB interface (like Gamma on MTK and KCAL on SD chipsets). It fetches time from the kernel, converts it to
local time, and selects and RGB set based on the time. The result is really smooth shifting of RGB over time.

How does it really work (dev)?
Klapse mode 1 (time-based scaling) uses a method void klapse_pulse(void) that should ideally be called every minute. This can be done by injecting a pulse call inside another method that
is called repeatedly naturally, like cpufreq or atomic or frame commits. It can be anything, whatever you like, even a kthread, as long as it is called repeatedly naturally. To execute
every 60 seconds, use jiffies or ktime, or any similar method. The pulse function fetches the current time and makes calculations based on the current hour and the values of the tunables
listed down below.

Klapse mode 2 (brightness-based scaling) uses a method void set_rgb_slider(<type> bl_lvl) where is the data type of the brightness level used in your kernel source. (OnePlus 6 uses u32
data type for bl_lvl) set_rgb_slider needs to be called/injected inside a function that sets brightness for your device. (OnePlus 6 uses dsi_panel.c for that, check out the diff for that
file in /op6)

What all stuff can it do?

1, Emulate night mode with the proper RGB settings
2, Smoothly scale from one set of RGB to another set of RGB in integral intervals over time.
3, Reduce perceived brightness using brightness_factor by reducing the amount of color on screen. Allows lower apparent brightness than system permits.
4, Scale RGB based on brightness of display (low brightness usually implies a dark environment, where yellowness is probably useful).
5, Automate the perceived brightness independent of whether klapse is enabled, using its own set of start and stop hours.
6, Be more efficient,faster by residing inside the kernel instead of having to use the HWC HAL like android's night mode.
7, (On older devices) Reduce stuttering or frame lags caused by native night mode.
8, An easier solution against overlay-based apps that run as service in userspace/Android and sometimes block apps asking for permissions.
9, Give you a Livedisplay alternative if it doesn't work in your ROM.
10, Impress your crush so you can get a date (Hey, don't forget to credit me if it works).

Alright, so this is a replacement for night mode?
NO! Not at all. One can say this is merely an alternative for LineageOS' Livedisplay, but inside a kernel. Night mode is a sub-function of both Livedisplay and KLapse. Most comparisons
here were made with night mode because that's what an average user uses, and will relate to the most. There is absolutely no reason for your Android kernel to not have KLapse. Go ahead
and add it or ask your kernel maintainer to. It's super-easy!

What can it NOT do (yet)?

1, Calculate scaling to the level of minutes, like "Start from 5:37pm till 7:19am". --TODO
2, Make coffee for you.
3, Fly you to the moon. Without a heavy suit.
4, Get you a monthly subscription of free food, cereal included.

All these following tunables are found in their respective files in /sys/klapse/

1. enable_klapse : A switch to enable or disable klapse. Values : 0 = off, 1 = on (since v2.0, 2 = brightness-dependent mode)
2. klapse_start_hour : The hour at which klapse should start scaling the RGB values from daytime to target (see next points). Values : 0-23
3. klapse_stop_hour : The hour by which klapse should scale back the RGB values from target to daytime (see next points). Values : 0-23
4. daytime_rgb : The RGB set that must be used for all the time outside of start and stop hour range.
5. target_rgb : The RGB set that must be scaled towards for all the time inside of start and stop hour range.
6. klapse_scaling_rate : Controls how soon the RGB reaches from daytime to target inside of start and stop hour range. Once target is reached, it remains constant till 30 minutes before
   stop hour, where target RGB scales back to daytime RGB.
7. brightness_factor : From the name itself, this value has the ability to bend perception and make your display appear as if it is at a lesser brightness level than it actually is at.
   It works by reducing the RGB values by the same factor. Values : 2-10, (10 means accurate brightness, 5 means 50% of current brightness, you get it)
8. brightness_factor_auto : A switch that allows you to automatically set the brightness factor in a set time range. Value : 0 = off, 1 = on
9. brightness_factor_auto_start_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be applied. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
10. brightness_factor_auto_stop_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be reverted to 10. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
11. backlight_range : The brightness range within which klapse should scale from daytime to target_rgb. Works only if #1 is 2. Values : MIN_BRIGHTNESS-MAX_BRIGHTNESS

Signed-off-by: Eliminater74 <eliminater74@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: energyspear17 <energyspear17@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael <loukerismichalis@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [tdauth/wowr](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr)@[0a4e800cc5...](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr/commit/0a4e800cc5ff382cfee9d2369ddf74067074abe8)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 17:44:10 by barade

Improvements

- Fix tooltip of Shadow Word Death.
- Add AI resources bonus to Blood Elf workers.
- Fix gold AI bonus for Night Elf.
- Magical Cutter has 1 charge but is 3 times in stock.
- Increase the map size to make it equal width as height again and fill the areas with water.
- Use custom unit type for Undead non-AI goldmines to add gold bonus to the regular ones.
- Do not enable Demon Fire by default to fix technology requirement.
- Add missing technologies to Blood Elf AI.
- Blood Elf Archer, Worker and Swordsmen is affected by Evolution now.
- Make more space on Sunstrider Isle.

---
## [DavidWilson4242/spyre](https://github.com/DavidWilson4242/spyre)@[5cc2c20a1e...](https://github.com/DavidWilson4242/spyre/commit/5cc2c20a1eadb71913016c1f0ad17cc9860e4f62)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 19:53:31 by David Wilson

there once was a dragon named puff that loved to puff and huff and had a friend named duff. This friend was really a terrible influence on our boi puff, but alas puff was in love with duff. Like love love, some some playground shiz. So when one day duff when too far, puff followed and that was how dragons went extinct... this keyboard is really clicky. I wonder if this message is too long

---
## [Starfight7/Stargen](https://github.com/Starfight7/Stargen)@[56f9fb4764...](https://github.com/Starfight7/Stargen/commit/56f9fb4764debbe4d2e5d5f39651b4ddb2763532)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 20:43:23 by HingeDH

Fuck you *Namespaces your code*

Under a separate folder "Spidergen" I have updated everything to 1.18 style worldgen, and also namespaced code. The original folder still exists

---
## [edsheltonorg/php-test](https://github.com/edsheltonorg/php-test)@[ec29cebce4...](https://github.com/edsheltonorg/php-test/commit/ec29cebce4b9da6a91676b323c76768482e42781)
#### Saturday 2021-07-10 23:35:11 by edsheltonorg

Changed readme to elaborate love for beth more!
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, te delenit consequat cotidieque sit, qui
Thank you for the patience!

That is a big long lorem ipsum wouldnt you say? I wonder what will be
hard wrapped?

---

# [<](2021-07-09.md) 2021-07-10 [>](2021-07-11.md)

