# [<](2021-09-19.md) 2021-09-20 [>](2021-09-21.md)

3,318,555 events, 1,571,369 push events, 2,345,106 commit messages, 176,135,501 characters


## [tobbi/supertux](https://github.com/tobbi/supertux)@[9c636e2e35...](https://github.com/tobbi/supertux/commit/9c636e2e3526f5d07e43a5ff015fc308538d1aa8)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 00:08:15 by Ocelot

Level Improvements

Level improvements to Bonus Island III. This is part of my project to make all Bonus Islands have possible perfect objectives.

- Big Tux can now get to the secret in "Cave Run" where previously he would hit his head.
- "You can't Climb Higher than the Clouds" fixed unrealistic level target time.
- Enemy fixes in "Another Cold Day" stopping enemies from killing themselves.
- Lantern position fixed in "Cold Cavern" as well as 1 bad enemy placement at the end.
- Fixed unrealistic Target times for "Crystal Sunset", " Crystal Fields", "The Dark Castle" and the other "The Dark Castle", "Deep, deeper...", "...deepest!", "Circles", "Entering the castle", "After the Glaciers", "Snowfall alert", "My Penny is over the ocean", "To rain or not to rain..." (both variants), and "Under the Ice".
- Fixed the snowball that killed itself via enemy cramming in "Out on the Crystal Fields"
- Sleeping spiky replaced with igel due to the spiky being woken up by spawning in anyway, and it just falls off and kills itself... Also removed a fireball which killed you within a second of spawning in the level "The Dark Castle" (Forest variant) which is just unfair.
- Added light fade in scripts to "The Dark Castle" (Antarctic variant) because the old scripts were sudden, and were very sore. Also fixed a visual inconsistency.
- Added a target time for "Circles" and also moved the Power-Up due to it blocking the way forcing the player to swap power-ups.
- "Don't Miss your ride" Adjusted the end to make it less annoying to get to the secret using the spring.
- "Going Down" Stopped enemies from killing themselves inside their chambers, also fixed the coins during the descent as some were extremely difficult to get all in one go (you need to collect all coins in one go to get the perfect coin objective).
- "Entering the castle" fixed a basic visual bug with the spikes underwater.
- Fixed the scripts in "Flower Bonus".
- "After the Glaciers" Fixed the rotation and position of sleeping spikys,  due to the jump over it being very tough and killing the spiky without taking damage having a small window of timing.
- Fixed the secret requiring a damage boost in "In the Spring".
- Fixed the awkward secret in "Some light in the darkness would be fine, Thanks!" (inconsistency with the green spikes, the top could be stood on but the sides were dangerous).
- Visual inconsistencies in "Snowfall alert" have been fixed with the spikes.
- Removed the spikes at the bottom of "Holes, a day on Ice" due to enemies dying off-screen and making a lot of noise throughout the entire level, making it very annoying and painful to play.
- Fixed impossible secret and soft-locking platforms in the second sector of "The Toilette zone". Also removed the secret that also acted as a shortcut due to it hindering perfect completion.. not making it impossible but just a lot more annoying.
- "My Penny is over the ocean" snowball enemy replaced with pink snow.
- Removed the zeekling, wisp, some coins, and reworking the platform node to be less obnoxious in "Red Alert! The forest is burning!" Also removed a couple springs in the secret to allow all coins to be easily collected instead of doing awkward duck jumps.
- Made the roof in "Sewer escape" just a bit higher since coyote time was removed, so the jumps from those ledges are very hard and very punishing.
- Made some changes to how you get on the secret elevator in "Three Frosty Icebergs" due to tux being crushed in rare occasions. Also edited a visual bug at the goal.
- Removed an impossible sleeping spiky in "Under the Ice". Also adjusted the ceiling height in the underground section to allow for a jump to be possible as Big Tux.

---
## [FoolsGold45/Cataclysm-DDA](https://github.com/FoolsGold45/Cataclysm-DDA)@[e883e5c859...](https://github.com/FoolsGold45/Cataclysm-DDA/commit/e883e5c8598df78b5610e76e26f061a2c686f4e1)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 00:19:12 by FoolsGold45

Smartphones and Other Tweaks

Most professions that started with a cell phone now start with a smartphone. Survivalist types who would prefer the reliability of replaceable batteries, as well as the political prisoner, retain their cell phones. Phones were not added to characters who didn't already have one, though there's a case that could be made for why some of them should.
Removed scissors from Tailor, as a pair are included in the tailor's kit which provides cutting quality
Gave the Special Operator a battery for their radio.
Removed the Crazy Cat Lady/Dude's winter coat and boots since those are far too warm for the default start, gave them sneakers and a messenger bag to make up for the loss of inventory space. I assume this was left unchanged when the starting date was updated to be later in Spring, as the Survivor also used to start with the same coat and boots.
Gave the Day Driver and Kitted Survivor long-sleeved shirts instead of their t-shirts and light jackets to bring them in line with Survivor clothing setup.
Replaced the Burglar's balaclava with a ski mask. There was a note in the file stating that a ski mask would be preferable equipment but that it did not work with Wool Allergy. Now that we have replacement gear for wool allergy starts, listing the ski mask in the burglar's equipment is okay as it will be automatically swapped to the balaclava in the event the player chooses Wool Allergy.
Replaced the Sorority Girl's tank top and leather jacket with a polo shirt to better match the Frat boy's loadout. If there was a specific reason for giving her those clothes, let me know.
Misc. underwear tweaks, giving top underwear to some female professions that were inexplicably missing them, and replacing regular bras with sports bras and briefs with boxer shorts for the more active professions

Removed the reference to the Professional Cyclist being young. The age mechanic is a can of worms when it comes to professions that don't make sense above or below a certain character age, but that's beyond the scope of what I was doing here.
Removed the reference to the Combat Mechanic being a high school dropout. Changed the spelling of "armour" to the American English spelling of "armor".
Expanded the Hobo's description a bit because it seemed too short, drawing on the old description for inspiration.
Tweaked the Motorized Police Officer's description to differentiate it from the Police Officer's, and to justify the lack of a starting motorcycle.
Genericized the Biker's description from the Harley-Davidson brand to just "motorcycle".
Gave the Mail Carrier a more accurate US Postal Service reference in their description.
Removed references to aliens in the Mail Carrier and Meth Cook's descriptions, for consistency with the other professions that universally only reference zombies as the main threat in the world.
Changed "holiday" in the Tourist's description to the American term, "vacation".
Miscellaneous edits to profession descriptions to fix spelling and grammar mistakes, and to bring some of the excessively lengthy ones more in line with the rest.

Corrected the Blackbelt's name to "Black Belt"
Capitalized the "boss" in the Mafia Boss' name for consistency with the other professions.

---
## [dod-ccpo/atat-web-api](https://github.com/dod-ccpo/atat-web-api)@[ffc2946d10...](https://github.com/dod-ccpo/atat-web-api/commit/ffc2946d105856a0d737263b3e4027f28a95422d)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 01:25:12 by Kyle Laker

Add IAM permissions for each role

This creates 3 new roles intended to be used by humans directly and
1 role to be passed to CloudFormation. The three new roles are for
QA/Testing, Security Auditors, and Developers. The CloudFormation role
is for developers to pass to the `--role-arn` or equivalent flag when
building using the CDK.

Access is currently granted to the three job function roles to the
entire Central/Management account in AWS Organizations. Long-term, that
is not a good idea and we should find a way to lock it down a bit but
right now this gives us two significant benefits:

  1. Any user can assume any job role and see what those users see,
  which will be especially helpful for developers to help other roles
  troubleshoot other roles' IAM
  2. It simplifies the configuration and steps to assume the job-based
  roles compared to needing to double-hop

Most of the logic around assuming roles is going to need fairly
significant refactoring to support IAM Identity Federation in the near
future anyway (so that we are not relying on IAM Users directly). So
this feels like a pretty good interim solution but we can try to put in
the effort to lock it down if required.

The roles are created as follows:

 - QA has access to view all "safe" resources, the items in DynamoDB,
   and to GET all API Gateway restapi resources
 - Auditors have all QA access plus access to all CloudWatch Logs, and
   all actions in the SecurityAudit AWS-managed job-function policy
 - Developers have all the access of QA plus read access to all
   CloudWatch Logs, as well as permission to use the CloudFormation
   execution role
 - The CloudFormation execution role has AdministratorAccess

All roles have an explicit Deny for all actions involving AWS
Organizations; however, this is not enforced by an SCP or Permissions
Boundary so we do allow new roles to be created with those permissions
(but it would have to be done with CloudFormation).

The Roles are all made available as CloudFormation stack exports. The
really cool thing about this is that it allows other stacks to grant the
roles access to specific resources that get created later (though there
are not any examples of that added in this PR since there is not really
a need).

We also make use of a pretty basic CloudFormation Custom Resource to get
the Account ID of the AWS Organizations Management Account. We are only
using one field from the output of that API call.

Finally, creation of the IAM stack at all is guarded by an environment
variable. Since we are created named IAM resources, creating duplicate
stacks would result in failures and folks have gotten accustomed to
using `--all` on the CDK CLI. This adds a warning if the stack gets
created at all to remind users that everything will get wonky if we try
to spin up two if these in the same account (actually, it'll just
totally fail to create but making it sound spookier hopefully encourages
users to pay extra attention to whether it's intentional). The only
environment where multiple stacks being created is probable is the
Sandbox environment but it's also the most commonly-used environment.

So in summary there's a lot of room for improvement here:
 - using federated identity instead of IAM users in the central account
 - limiting the permissions on the CloudFormation role
 - moving to having resources grant access to specific ATAT roles
 - find some more explicit denies
 - improve the trust process

This gets us a good start, likely gives users the majority of access
that they need for day-to-day work, and is a solid base to continue
iterating on.

---
## [mactso/RedstoneMagic](https://github.com/mactso/RedstoneMagic)@[c08a084f60...](https://github.com/mactso/RedstoneMagic/commit/c08a084f60999653cd01f9e486c35978157714f2)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 05:44:55 by mactso

Version 37

Spell Changes
It turns out that the Trident is a falderal for water breathing.  It
stacks with the Puffer Fish.   You can't cast with it in your hand tho
because too busy preparing to throw the trident.  As long as it is in
your hotbar it can add up to 2 minutes to water breathing duration

Ritual Changes
The area of the mining ritual is slightly larger on X and Z for better
overlap ( annoyance reduction)

Redstone Magicians who use a Netherite Pickaxe will find the the mining
ritual can BlackStone and Basalt.
Redstone Magicians who use a Diamond Shovel will upgrade the Clearing
Ritual to clear 3 meters (Netherite Shovels clear 4 layers of soul sand,
soil soil, gravel, dirt,...)

Redstone Ritual:
   As in Olden Times, your blood can become redstone ore when you are
injured in a particular ritual.
  Clicking on a ritual Pedastal with redstone ore will use a lot of
chunk mana, Injure you, and create redstone ore in the stone below the
Pylon.  Requires at least 6 lights over the gatherer.
  Clicking with a netherstar will use some chunk mana, injure you, and
create redstone ore below the pylon.(edited) Requires at least 5 lights
over the gatherer.



Redstone Armor
Redstone Leather Armor is tougher now and is harder to damage.
Redstone Magic Armor is slightly tougher now and is a little harder to
damage.

Crafting
Desperate for redstone dust, you can break redstone torches to recover
redstone dust now.

---
## [JuliaLang/julia](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia)@[4c1714699c...](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/commit/4c1714699c76d4cca5ac30ebdded626b7b08d7c8)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 06:12:44 by Shuhei Kadowaki

introduce `@noinfer` macro to tell the compiler to avoid excess inference

This commit introduces new compiler annotation named `@noinfer`, which
requests the compiler to avoid excess inference.

In order to discuss `@noinfer`, it would help a lot to understand the
behavior of `@nospecialize`.

Its docstring says simply:
> This is only a hint for the compiler to avoid excess code generation.

More specifically, it works by _suppressing dispatches_ with complex
runtime types of the annotated arguments. This could be understood with
the example below:
```julia
julia> function invokef(f, itr)
           local r = 0
           r += f(itr[1])
           r += f(itr[2])
           r += f(itr[3])
           r
       end;

julia> _isa = isa; # just for the sake of explanation, global variable to prevent inling
julia> f(a) = _isa(a, Function);
julia> g(@nospecialize a) = _isa(a, Function);
julia> dispatchonly = Any[sin, muladd, nothing]; # untyped container can cause excessive runtime dispatch

julia> @code_typed invokef(f, dispatchonly)
CodeInfo(
1 ─ %1  = π (0, Int64)
│   %2  = Base.arrayref(true, itr, 1)::Any
│   %3  = (f)(%2)::Any
│   %4  = (%1 + %3)::Any
│   %5  = Base.arrayref(true, itr, 2)::Any
│   %6  = (f)(%5)::Any
│   %7  = (%4 + %6)::Any
│   %8  = Base.arrayref(true, itr, 3)::Any
│   %9  = (f)(%8)::Any
│   %10 = (%7 + %9)::Any
└──       return %10
) => Any

julia> @code_typed invokef(g, dispatchonly)
CodeInfo(
1 ─ %1  = π (0, Int64)
│   %2  = Base.arrayref(true, itr, 1)::Any
│   %3  = invoke f(%2::Any)::Any
│   %4  = (%1 + %3)::Any
│   %5  = Base.arrayref(true, itr, 2)::Any
│   %6  = invoke f(%5::Any)::Any
│   %7  = (%4 + %6)::Any
│   %8  = Base.arrayref(true, itr, 3)::Any
│   %9  = invoke f(%8::Any)::Any
│   %10 = (%7 + %9)::Any
└──       return %10
) => Any
```

The calls of `f` remain to be `:call` expression (thus dispatched and
compiled at runtime) while the calls of `g` are resolved as `:invoke`
expressions. This is because `@nospecialize` requests the compiler to
give up compiling `g` with concrete argument types but with precisely
declared argument types, and in this way `invokef(g, dispatchonly)` will
avoid runtime dispatches and accompanying JIT compilations (i.e. "excess
code generation").

The problem here is, it influences dispatch only, does not intervene
into inference in anyway. So there is still a possibility of "excess
inference" when the compiler sees a considerable complexity of argument
types  during inference:
```julia
julia> withinfernce = tuple(sin, muladd, "foo"); # typed container can cause excessive inference

julia> @time @code_typed invokef(f, withinfernce);
  0.000812 seconds (3.77 k allocations: 217.938 KiB, 94.34% compilation time)

julia> @time @code_typed invokef(g, withinfernce);
  0.000753 seconds (3.77 k allocations: 218.047 KiB, 92.42% compilation time)
```

The purpose of this PR is basically to provide a more drastic way to
avoid excess compilation.

Here are some ideas to implement the functionality:
1. make `@nospecialize` avoid inference also
2. add noinfer effect when `@nospecialize`d method is annotated as `@noinline` also
3. implement as `@pure`-like boolean annotation to request noinfer effect on top of `@nospecialize`
4. implement as annotation that is orthogonal to `@nospecialize`

After trying 1 ~ 3., I decided to submit 3. for now, because I think the
interface is ready to be experimented.

This is almost same as what Jameson has done at <https://github.com/vtjnash/julia/commit/8ab7b6b94079b842b5db9f3fe29eb9d2708f5d1e>.
It turned out that this approach performs very badly because some of
`@nospecialize`'d arguments still need inference to perform reasonably.
For example, it's obvious that the following definition of
`getindex(@nospecialize(t::Tuple), i::Int)` would perform very badly if
`@nospecialize` blocks inference, because of a lack of useful type
information for succeeding optimizations:
<https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/blob/12d364e8249a07097a233ce7ea2886002459cc50/base/tuple.jl#L29-L30>

The important observation is that we often use `@nospecialize` even when
we expect inference to forward type and constant information.
Adversely, we may be able to exploit the fact that we usually don't
expect inference to forward information to a callee when we annotate it
as `@noinline`.
So the idea is to enable the inference suppression when `@nospecialize`'d
method is annotated as `@noinline` also.

It's a reasonable choice, and could be implemented efficiently after <https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/41922>.
But it sounds a bit weird to me to associate no infer effect with
`@noinline`, and I also think there may be some cases we want to inline
a method while _partially_ avoiding inference, e.g.:
```julia
@noinline function twof(@nospecialize(f), n) # we really want not to
inline this method body ?
    if occursin('+', string(typeof(f).name.name::Symbol))
        2 + n
    elseif occursin('*', string(typeof(f).name.name::Symbol))
        2n
    else
        zero(n)
    end
end
```

So this is what this commit implements. It basically replaces the previous
`@noinline` flag with newly-introduced annotation named `@noinfer`. It's
still associated with `@nospecialize` and it only has effect when used
together with `@nospecialize`, but now it's not associated to `@noinline`
at least, and it would help us reason about the behavior of `@noinfer`
and experiment its effect more reliably:
```julia
Base.@noinfer function twof(@nospecialize(f), n) # the compiler may or not inline this method
    if occursin('+', string(typeof(f).name.name::Symbol))
        2 + n
    elseif occursin('*', string(typeof(f).name.name::Symbol))
        2n
    else
        zero(n)
    end
end
```

Actually, we can have `@nospecialize` and `@noinfer` separately, and it
would allow us to configure compilation strategies in a more
fine-grained way.
```julia
function noinfspec(Base.@noinfer(f), @nospecialize(g))
    ...
end
```

I'm fine with this approach, if initial experiments show `@noinfer` is
useful.

Co-authored-by: Mosè Giordano <giordano@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Tim Holy <tim.holy@gmail.com>

---
## [4310V343k/Fallout-13-RoseEdition](https://github.com/4310V343k/Fallout-13-RoseEdition)@[5fe9c2090e...](https://github.com/4310V343k/Fallout-13-RoseEdition/commit/5fe9c2090e4d0bc4c6d9ff8d5aa9675f5267325f)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 08:30:47 by 4310V343k

many runtime fixes, improvements and overall i'm proud of myself
all init-time runtimes are fixed
some errors in the world.log were fixed too
VSCode now works FUCKING AMAZING, debugging is working again
DREAMCHECKER, WOHOO, now you can see all the shit-code(joking, only 1% of it)

---
## [Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974)@[b2a537fc71...](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974/commit/b2a537fc7179785ccde20090de916918b837c747)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 11:08:48 by Park Ju Hyung

Introduce Lazyplug

Other hotplugging methods including mpdecision and intelli_plug focuses
on how should we turn off CPU cores. They hotplugs the individual CPU
cores based on the current load divided by thread capacity.
Lazyplug takes a whole new approach on how we should do hotplugging
based on the foundation of the other side of the coin;
“Linux’s hotplugging is very inefficient.”
Current hotplugging code on Linux is a total waste of CPU cycles and
delays, so rather than hotplugging and hurt performance & battery life,
just leaving the CPU cores on might be a better choice. This kind of
approach is spreading out more and more.
Samsung has been using this method for a very long time with big.LITTLE
devices and recent Nexus 6 firmware also does the similar thing.
Lazyplug just leaves them on, most of the time. It also tries to solve
some problems with the “Always on” approach. On situations such as video
playback, turning on all CPU cores is not battery friendly. So Lazyplug
*does* actually turns off CPU cores, but only when idle state is long
enough(to reduce the number of CPU core switchings) and when the device
has its screen off(determination is done via earlysuspend or
powersuspend because framebuffer API causes troubles on hotplugging CPU
cores).
Basic methodology :
Lazyplug uses majority of the codes from intelli_plug by faux123 to
determine when to turn off CPU cores. If the system has been idle for
(DEF_SAMPLING_MS * DEF_IDLE_COUNT)ms, it turns off the CPU cores. And if
the next poll determines 1 core isn’t enough, it fires up all CPU cores
(instead of selective CPU cores; which is the traditional intelli_plug’s
method).
Lazyplug also takes touch-screen input events to fire up CPU cores to
minimize noticeable performance degradation.
There’s also a “lazy mode” for *not* aggressively turning on CPU cores
on scenario such as video playback. For example, if you hook up
lazyplug_enter_lazy() to the video session open function, Lazyplug won’t
aggressively turn on CPU cores and tries to handle it with 1 CPU core.
* TODO :
* Dual-core mode : YouTube video playback is mostly single-threaded.
* It usually hovers around 10% ~ 30% of total CPU usage on quad-core
* device. That means 1 CPU core might not be enough to handle it, but
* also turning on all CPU cores is unnecessarily wasting power.
Signed-off-by: Park Ju Hyung <qkrwngud825@gmail.com>

Signed-off-by: sunilpaulmathew <sunil.kde@gmail.com>

---
## [Aqueuse/multipass-social-sharing](https://github.com/Aqueuse/multipass-social-sharing)@[8a8ecdd30d...](https://github.com/Aqueuse/multipass-social-sharing/commit/8a8ecdd30dd11a1116c2ba5b08fcd38b37844e8d)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 12:57:18 by root

Go fuck yourself amazon lighstail, I .. well, I just reset the server /o\

---
## [Aqueuse/ours-agile-cubi](https://github.com/Aqueuse/ours-agile-cubi)@[5782a0cc9e...](https://github.com/Aqueuse/ours-agile-cubi/commit/5782a0cc9ed1b15e9754e33dd5c3dd7fa2c79a11)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 13:00:29 by root

fuck you amazon lightsail, your the worst best solution ever

---
## [dod-ccpo/atat-web-api](https://github.com/dod-ccpo/atat-web-api)@[b4d1030202...](https://github.com/dod-ccpo/atat-web-api/commit/b4d10302029d7e4097742bcf595ec81102f01a8e)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 20:03:32 by Kyle Laker

Add IAM permissions for each role

This creates 3 new roles intended to be used by humans directly and
1 role to be passed to CloudFormation. The three new roles are for
QA/Testing, Security Auditors, and Developers. The CloudFormation role
is for developers to pass to the `--role-arn` or equivalent flag when
building using the CDK.

Access is currently granted to the three job function roles to the
entire Central/Management account in AWS Organizations. Long-term, that
is not a good idea and we should find a way to lock it down a bit but
right now this gives us two significant benefits:

  1. Any user can assume any job role and see what those users see,
  which will be especially helpful for developers to help other roles
  troubleshoot other roles' IAM
  2. It simplifies the configuration and steps to assume the job-based
  roles compared to needing to double-hop

Most of the logic around assuming roles is going to need fairly
significant refactoring to support IAM Identity Federation in the near
future anyway (so that we are not relying on IAM Users directly). So
this feels like a pretty good interim solution but we can try to put in
the effort to lock it down if required.

The roles are created as follows:

 - QA has access to view all "safe" resources, the items in DynamoDB,
   and to GET all API Gateway restapi resources
 - Auditors have all QA access plus access to all CloudWatch Logs, and
   all actions in the SecurityAudit AWS-managed job-function policy
 - Developers have all the access of QA plus read access to all
   CloudWatch Logs, as well as permission to use the CloudFormation
   execution role, and full access to CloudFormation
 - The CloudFormation execution role has AdministratorAccess

All roles have an explicit Deny for all actions involving AWS
Organizations; however, this is not enforced by an SCP or Permissions
Boundary so we do allow new roles to be created with those permissions
(but it would have to be done with CloudFormation).

The Roles are all made available as CloudFormation stack exports. The
really cool thing about this is that it allows other stacks to grant the
roles access to specific resources that get created later (though there
are not any examples of that added in this PR since there is not really
a need).

We also make use of a pretty basic CloudFormation Custom Resource to get
the Account ID of the AWS Organizations Management Account. We are only
using one field from the output of that API call.

Finally, creation of the IAM stack at all is guarded by an environment
variable. Since we are created named IAM resources, creating duplicate
stacks would result in failures and folks have gotten accustomed to
using `--all` on the CDK CLI. This adds a warning if the stack gets
created at all to remind users that everything will get wonky if we try
to spin up two if these in the same account (actually, it'll just
totally fail to create but making it sound spookier hopefully encourages
users to pay extra attention to whether it's intentional). The only
environment where multiple stacks being created is probable is the
Sandbox environment but it's also the most commonly-used environment.

So in summary there's a lot of room for improvement here:
 - using federated identity instead of IAM users in the central account
 - limiting the permissions on the CloudFormation role
 - moving to having resources grant access to specific ATAT roles
 - find some more explicit denies
 - improve the trust process

This gets us a good start, likely gives users the majority of access
that they need for day-to-day work, and is a solid base to continue
iterating on.

---
## [loot/skyrim](https://github.com/loot/skyrim)@[ac9cb36671...](https://github.com/loot/skyrim/commit/ac9cb36671caab2066e05130080f62b2e6066a33)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 20:45:29 by MacSplody

Remove files with no source location (#617)

 - aaaadaedric1.esp
 - actuallypowerfulbows.esp
 - alchemyoverhaul.esp
 - amulrinbuff.esp
 - Anuriel.esp
 - ApachiiHairStylesELVES-FemaleOnly.esp
 - aptraduction.esp
 - Arcadia.esp
 - Archery Perk Mods.esp
 - Azzi.esp
 - babesofskyrim.esp
 - Balanced Mode
 - Bandit Start.esp
 - bankai.esp
 - Betrid.esp
 - better artifacts.esp
 - BetterSkyrimWorld-RabanMod.esp
 - blackalchemy.esp
 - BrandShei.esp
 - Bryling.esp
 - Burning Sky.esp
 - CarlottaValentia.esp
 - cartographers map markers
 - CDM - Blink Teleport Enhanced.esp
 - Circlet with Hoods.esp
 - csmod.esp
 - DaedricElves.esp
 - Dark Brotherhood Enchantment.esp
 - DarkbroSanctuary1.0.0.esp
 - DarkBrotherhoodAstrid.esp
 - dawnguard_realistic.esp
 - dawnguardwolfbuff.esp
 - DeadlyTelekinesis.esp
 - DelayDawnguardQuestStart.esp
 - df127expertsmithing.esp
 - Die fünf Pforten- Deutsch.esp
 - Difficulties.esp
 - dragonbreathshouts.esp
 - DragonPriestMaskQuestMarkers.esp
 - Dragonstone.esp
 - Draman Skeleton Mod.esp
 - Draquel.esp
 - Dremora.esp
 - driveableboat.esp
 - DrowRace.esp
 - ebonymod.esp
 - elemental fury.esp
 - enchanting freedom.esp
 - enhanced novice spells.esp
 - Evilbass Light and Dark Spells.esp

---
## [Solo-Dragon/AriseRobot](https://github.com/Solo-Dragon/AriseRobot)@[480fcbd082...](https://github.com/Solo-Dragon/AriseRobot/commit/480fcbd082a168a6ccf5bb6dbaa7c956c8767e3f)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 21:31:13 by Sung Jin-Woo

oh yeah... praise this nub

i still cri its 3 am in morning

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[a10b44b23c...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/a10b44b23c6022331be4ffab82cb7dbeea40b245)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 23:20:59 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Makes tank explosions scale with volume and have diminishing returns. (Nerfs singlecaps) (#621)

* Makes tank explosions scale with volume and have diminishing returns. (Nerfs singlecaps) (#60600)

Changes tank explosions to take tank volume into account and use sqrt scaling when calculating explosion range.
This basically means that they scale faster at lower pressures and slower at high pressures.
Rebalances tank explosion scaling so that maxcap TTVs are where they used to be pressure-wise.
Rebalances the research doppler arrays cash generation algorithm so it maxes out at the same TTV pressure. This does however mean that the doppler array will grant more points at lower explosion pressures.
Rebalances blastcannon shot range calculation so it scales as it used to with normal TTVs.

The comparatively tiny emergency tanks no longer produce the same size explosion as a TTV at the same pressure.
It is much more difficult to carry around 70 maxcaps in a single duffle bag. (I don't think it renders this completely impossible but it does kill oxy-trit emergency tank singlecaps as far as I know.)

Lemon posting past this line.

How it works:

Change assumes maxcaps should be just as easy with the standard ttv setup of 2 70L tanks.
So it divides the bomb's strength by 14, then scales it using dyn_explosion's (x*2)^0.5.
If you graph it the strength is exactly the same with a 140L reaction vessel, but as volume goes down, strength falls off very quickly because of that division, and the use of dyn_explosion.

Hopefully this will effectively disincentivize singlecapping, and remove the everpresent threat of someone leaking the station leveling method.

Reasoning for when github blows up:

I don't think single caps are on the same level as typical atmos antag threats. They're a hell problem
1: tanks should explode when someone hyper pressurizes them
2: we want all tank explosions to act the same, for the sake of a believable world
3: really well put together tank explosions (ttvs), should be really powerful
4: reaction code is a son of a bitch

I do think knowledge gating has some place. Knowing how to do something well should have a benefit. but that isn't like, an ultimate truth.
I've seen what proper, full on atmos autism single capping looks like. I don't like that level of absolute destruction at speed being feasible full stop.

I consider single caps to be a necessary side effect of how explosion code works. I think it's really cool that people have gotten so deep into this game and the systems around it that they've started optimizing this side effect into a tool/bragging rights thing.
But I'm still not a huge fan. If big booms are gated only by knowledge, then as soon as that knowledge spreads we're fucked. I've seen this happen before with things like rad batteries (cue crit being cringe).
It's not just single caps mind, the destruction you can make with em scales with knowledge.

I'm not in love with this pr mind, because it means I need to worry about bomb code when someone makes some silly tank volume balance pr. but it's a good solution. better then what's been tried in the past. still leaves space for things just blowing up in your face without maxcaps coming into the equation easily.

* Makes tank explosions scale with volume and have diminishing returns. (Nerfs singlecaps)

Co-authored-by: TemporalOroboros <TemporalOroboros@gmail.com>

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[27df82b293...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/27df82b2933a6c673eaf73237bbbbdeceff491bf)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 23:22:26 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Lowers the cost of the obsessed midround ruleset from 10 to 3. (#624)

* Lowers the cost of the obsessed midround ruleset from 10 to 3. (#61370)

Obsessed is a really weak antagonist whose objectives revolve around creeping on a single crewmember. He doesn't have any special ability whatsoever other than suffering from heavy butterflies in the stomach when his mood is great or above and his presence barely affects the round. They shouldn't have the same cost of other rulsets like swarmers, pirates, ninjas and nightmare, or even latejoin traitors.

* Lowers the cost of the obsessed midround ruleset from 10 to 3.

Co-authored-by: Ghom <42542238+Ghommie@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[9111bb9c8c...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/9111bb9c8cf18a618245efd10ae61b010d916e99)
#### Monday 2021-09-20 23:35:17 by Zytolg

Icebox Mining Adjustments and Major Fixes (#61529)

* Icebox Mining Adjustments

This is a small tweak of Icebox Mining geared towards bringing it in line with mapping standards.

* Fire Extinguisher

I guess I added this while writing the PR

* Kills a duplicate railing I missed

* Adds layer adapter to pipenet

* Airlock Widening

You know, you never really appreciate how XL station miners are until you realize that those swole explorers come back with gigantic crates of ore in tow. You can't blame a mapper for forgetting that doorways for mining need to be extra THICC, that's with 3 C's mind you because 1-wide doorways just don't do. Even if they look better. Looks only dictate so much, and while we need to keep worrying about icebox aesthetics (it's really not an aesthetic station, time hasn't done it well) we can't let aesthetics get in the way of design convention. And when your mapwork causes air alarms to go off left right and center, you know you've done something wrong. I want it to be 1-wide, oh I do, but Miners won't like that the firelocks trap them in their icy igloo. Plus, I remapped all this to PREVENT this exact scenario, and I had so much damn fun with it that I almost put it back in. Thank god for excessive review.

---

# [<](2021-09-19.md) 2021-09-20 [>](2021-09-21.md)

