# [<](2021-07-31.md) 2021-08-01 [>](2021-08-02.md)

2,143,420 events, 1,163,742 push events, 1,677,011 commit messages, 105,000,765 characters


## [u2ooS/gamesneeze](https://github.com/u2ooS/gamesneeze)@[b140a0f184...](https://github.com/u2ooS/gamesneeze/commit/b140a0f18411a4a19e8ef08f2b7e39da36dc0618)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 00:17:21 by u2ooS

this will literally make the cheat work on ubuntu

fuck you dave

---
## [Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974)@[3491cf3edd...](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974/commit/3491cf3edd3a505c4dc8e545538c0e8011e3f83c)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 03:14:22 by Will Deacon

ARM: 7449/1: use generic strnlen_user and strncpy_from_user functions

This patch implements the word-at-a-time interface for ARM using the
same algorithm as x86. We use the fls macro from ARMv5 onwards, where
we have a clz instruction available which saves us a mov instruction
when targetting Thumb-2. For older CPUs, we use the magic 0x0ff0001
constant. Big-endian configurations make use of the implementation from
asm-generic.

With this implemented, we can replace our byte-at-a-time strnlen_user
and strncpy_from_user functions with the optimised generic versions.

Reviewed-by: Nicolas Pitre <nico@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Will Deacon <will.deacon@arm.com>
Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@arm.linux.org.uk>

lib: Sparc's strncpy_from_user is generic enough, move under lib/

To use this, an architecture simply needs to:

1) Provide a user_addr_max() implementation via asm/uaccess.h

2) Add "select GENERIC_STRNCPY_FROM_USER" to their arch Kcnfig

3) Remove the existing strncpy_from_user() implementation and symbol
   exports their architecture had.

Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Acked-by: David Howells <dhowells@redhat.com>

lib: add generic strnlen_user() function

This adds a new generic optimized strnlen_user() function that uses the
<asm/word-at-a-time.h> infrastructure to portably do efficient string
handling.

In many ways, strnlen is much simpler than strncpy, and in particular we
can always pre-align the words we load from memory.  That means that all
the worries about alignment etc are a non-issue, so this one can easily
be used on any architecture.  You obviously do have to do the
appropriate word-at-a-time.h macros.

Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

kernel: Move REPEAT_BYTE definition into linux/kernel.h

And make sure that everything using it explicitly includes
that header file.

Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

word-at-a-time: make the interfaces truly generic

This changes the interfaces in <asm/word-at-a-time.h> to be a bit more
complicated, but a lot more generic.

In particular, it allows us to really do the operations efficiently on
both little-endian and big-endian machines, pretty much regardless of
machine details.  For example, if you can rely on a fast population
count instruction on your architecture, this will allow you to make your
optimized <asm/word-at-a-time.h> file with that.

NOTE! The "generic" version in include/asm-generic/word-at-a-time.h is
not truly generic, it actually only works on big-endian.  Why? Because
on little-endian the generic algorithms are wasteful, since you can
inevitably do better. The x86 implementation is an example of that.

(The only truly non-generic part of the asm-generic implementation is
the "find_zero()" function, and you could make a little-endian version
of it.  And if the Kbuild infrastructure allowed us to pick a particular
header file, that would be lovely)

The <asm/word-at-a-time.h> functions are as follows:

 - WORD_AT_A_TIME_CONSTANTS: specific constants that the algorithm
   uses.

 - has_zero(): take a word, and determine if it has a zero byte in it.
   It gets the word, the pointer to the constant pool, and a pointer to
   an intermediate "data" field it can set.

   This is the "quick-and-dirty" zero tester: it's what is run inside
   the hot loops.

 - "prep_zero_mask()": take the word, the data that has_zero() produced,
   and the constant pool, and generate an *exact* mask of which byte had
   the first zero.  This is run directly *outside* the loop, and allows
   the "has_zero()" function to answer the "is there a zero byte"
   question without necessarily getting exactly *which* byte is the
   first one to contain a zero.

   If you do multiple byte lookups concurrently (eg "hash_name()", which
   looks for both NUL and '/' bytes), after you've done the prep_zero_mask()
   phase, the result of those can be or'ed together to get the "either
   or" case.

 - The result from "prep_zero_mask()" can then be fed into "find_zero()"
   (to find the byte offset of the first byte that was zero) or into
   "zero_bytemask()" (to find the bytemask of the bytes preceding the
   zero byte).

   The existence of zero_bytemask() is optional, and is not necessary
   for the normal string routines.  But dentry name hashing needs it, so
   if you enable DENTRY_WORD_AT_A_TIME you need to expose it.

This changes the generic strncpy_from_user() function and the dentry
hashing functions to use these modified word-at-a-time interfaces.  This
gets us back to the optimized state of the x86 strncpy that we lost in
the previous commit when moving over to the generic version.

Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

ARM: 7450/1: dcache: select DCACHE_WORD_ACCESS for little-endian ARMv6+ CPUs

DCACHE_WORD_ACCESS uses the word-at-a-time API for optimised string
comparisons in the vfs layer.

This patch implements support for load_unaligned_zeropad for ARM CPUs
with native support for unaligned memory accesses (v6+) when running
little-endian.

Change-Id: Ifdf8207f2581f93870eb0e627f5d12f97c4be7cc
Reviewed-by: Nicolas Pitre <nico@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Will Deacon <will.deacon@arm.com>
Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@arm.linux.org.uk>

---
## [AustinJohnAaro/todoApp](https://github.com/AustinJohnAaro/todoApp)@[53b2f8f46e...](https://github.com/AustinJohnAaro/todoApp/commit/53b2f8f46e97930414f082dc6a77e64b3ff5226e)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 10:35:16 by AustinJohnAaro

just looking over my git hub for this challenge just be worth the 7 % I need to graduate fuck you you pice of shit

---
## [ilgar-roshen/my-diet](https://github.com/ilgar-roshen/my-diet)@[11fe53aed8...](https://github.com/ilgar-roshen/my-diet/commit/11fe53aed86b1047019afcfb22afefc5f5cda230)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 11:32:11 by call me Alex

Diet day 20210719 2040 [ Warning: Health-issue, swell-fingers; 'ate after ~10 hours'; slept-4-hours; ] 

Consumed spinach, cauliflower-leaves and garlic-sprouts [which are relatively new in this diet]. 
Foods-stuff like clove, pumpkin-seeds and coriander-seeds are also in the diet. 
Health issues: liver-side-pain [or gallbladder ~whole day], [annoyingly] itchy and sleep-less; 
[ fingers on the left hand seemed swelling and felt ~harder to move fingers at walking for ~30 min. ] 
For now, This Diet [day] file contains records from 00:03 till 20:40 in 2021/07/19.

---
## [ameer-kallumthodi/pikachu](https://github.com/ameer-kallumthodi/pikachu)@[52cf91253f...](https://github.com/ameer-kallumthodi/pikachu/commit/52cf91253fb4e9340805cb1262ce0d796f032a94)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 12:23:33 by Ameer Suhail

New Bgms added

1.mp3
adima.mp3
Adipoli.mp3
alive.mp3
Aliya.mp3
Ameer.mp3
Ayyo.mp3
Back.mp3
Bgm.mp3
breakup.mp3
Chiri.mp3
Chunk.mp3
Chunks.mp3
Clg.mp3
dance.mp3
Di.mp3
don.mp3
Eda.mp3
Ee.mp3
enjoy.mp3
Entha.mp3
Fan.mp3
Fen.mp3
Gd mng.mp3
Gd.mp3
Hacker.mp3
help.mp3
Hi.mp3
I love you.mp3
Kali.mp3
Kanjav.mp3
Kenzo.mp3
Kk gaming.mp3
KL LUTTAP 007.mp3
Kl luttapi 007.mp3
kozhi.mp3
lair.mp3
love.mp3
Men.mp3
Mention.mp3
Mm.mp3
myr.mp3
Myre.mp3
Nanbaa.mp3
nanban.mp3
Nirtheda.mp3
Njan vannu.mp3
Njan.mp3
No love.mp3
Paat.mp3
paatt.mp3
Penn.mp3
Pinnalla.mp3
Pm.mp3
poda.mp3
Poli.mp3
Pooda.mp3
prandh.mp3
putt.mp3
Rashmika.mp3
Rashu fans.mp3
Rashu.mp3
Ringtone.mp3
rip.mp3
Sarassu.mp3
Sarasu.mp3
Sed .mp3
Set aaka.mp3
Sfi.mp3
shibil.mp3
Single.mp3
song.mp3
sopnam.mp3
Tholvi.mp3
Uyr.mp3
Waiting.mp3
wcm.mp3

---
## [giannilamartina/freecodecamp-javascript](https://github.com/giannilamartina/freecodecamp-javascript)@[373ee4b0e3...](https://github.com/giannilamartina/freecodecamp-javascript/commit/373ee4b0e349153125492b08cab6a9b73259047c)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 13:02:04 by Gianni LaMartina

Use the reduce Method to Analyze Data ***

Array.prototype.reduce(), or simply reduce(), is the most general of all array operations in JavaScript. You can solve almost any array processing problem using the reduce method.

The reduce method allows for more general forms of array processing, and it's possible to show that both filter and map can be derived as special applications of reduce. The reduce method iterates over each item in an array and returns a single value (i.e. string, number, object, array). This is achieved via a callback function that is called on each iteration.

The callback function accepts four arguments. The first argument is known as the accumulator, which gets assigned the return value of the callback function from the previous iteration, the second is the current element being processed, the third is the index of that element and the fourth is the array upon which reduce is called.

In addition to the callback function, reduce has an additional parameter which takes an initial value for the accumulator. If this second parameter is not used, then the first iteration is skipped and the second iteration gets passed the first element of the array as the accumulator.

See below for an example using reduce on the users array to return the sum of all the users' ages. For simplicity, the example only uses the first and second arguments.

const users = [
  { name: 'John', age: 34 },
  { name: 'Amy', age: 20 },
  { name: 'camperCat', age: 10 }
];

const sumOfAges = users.reduce((sum, user) => sum + user.age, 0);
console.log(sumOfAges);
The console would display the value 64.

In another example, see how an object can be returned containing the names of the users as properties with their ages as values.

const users = [
  { name: 'John', age: 34 },
  { name: 'Amy', age: 20 },
  { name: 'camperCat', age: 10 }
];

const usersObj = users.reduce((obj, user) => {
  obj[user.name] = user.age;
  return obj;
}, {});
console.log(usersObj);
The console would display the value { John: 34, Amy: 20, camperCat: 10 }.

The variable watchList holds an array of objects with information on several movies. Use reduce to find the average IMDB rating of the movies directed by Christopher Nolan. Recall from prior challenges how to filter data and map over it to pull what you need. You may need to create other variables, and return the average rating from getRating function. Note that the rating values are saved as strings in the object and need to be converted into numbers before they are used in any mathematical operations.

Answer:
// The global variable
var watchList = [
  {
    "Title": "Inception",
    "Year": "2010",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "16 Jul 2010",
    "Runtime": "148 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure, Crime",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Actors": "Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Elliot Page, Tom Hardy",
    "Plot": "A thief, who steals corporate secrets through use of dream-sharing technology, is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.",
    "Language": "English, Japanese, French",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 4 Oscars. Another 143 wins & 198 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMjAxMzY3NjcxNF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwNTI5OTM0Mw@@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "74",
    "imdbRating": "8.8",
    "imdbVotes": "1,446,708",
    "imdbID": "tt1375666",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "Interstellar",
    "Year": "2014",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "07 Nov 2014",
    "Runtime": "169 min",
    "Genre": "Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Jonathan Nolan, Christopher Nolan",
    "Actors": "Ellen Burstyn, Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy, John Lithgow",
    "Plot": "A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.",
    "Language": "English",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 1 Oscar. Another 39 wins & 132 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMjIxNTU4MzY4MF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTgwMzM4ODI3MjE@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "74",
    "imdbRating": "8.6",
    "imdbVotes": "910,366",
    "imdbID": "tt0816692",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "The Dark Knight",
    "Year": "2008",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "18 Jul 2008",
    "Runtime": "152 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure, Crime",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Jonathan Nolan (screenplay), Christopher Nolan (screenplay), Christopher Nolan (story), David S. Goyer (story), Bob Kane (characters)",
    "Actors": "Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart, Michael Caine",
    "Plot": "When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, the caped crusader must come to terms with one of the greatest psychological tests of his ability to fight injustice.",
    "Language": "English, Mandarin",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 2 Oscars. Another 146 wins & 142 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTMxNTMwODM0NF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwODAyMTk2Mw@@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "82",
    "imdbRating": "9.0",
    "imdbVotes": "1,652,832",
    "imdbID": "tt0468569",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "Batman Begins",
    "Year": "2005",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "15 Jun 2005",
    "Runtime": "140 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Bob Kane (characters), David S. Goyer (story), Christopher Nolan (screenplay), David S. Goyer (screenplay)",
    "Actors": "Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes",
    "Plot": "After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from the corruption that Scarecrow and the League of Shadows have cast upon it.",
    "Language": "English, Urdu, Mandarin",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Nominated for 1 Oscar. Another 15 wins & 66 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BNTM3OTc0MzM2OV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwNzUwMTI3._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "70",
    "imdbRating": "8.3",
    "imdbVotes": "972,584",
    "imdbID": "tt0372784",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "Avatar",
    "Year": "2009",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "18 Dec 2009",
    "Runtime": "162 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure, Fantasy",
    "Director": "James Cameron",
    "Writer": "James Cameron",
    "Actors": "Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, Stephen Lang",
    "Plot": "A paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.",
    "Language": "English, Spanish",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 3 Oscars. Another 80 wins & 121 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTYwOTEwNjAzMl5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwODc5MTUwMw@@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "83",
    "imdbRating": "7.9",
    "imdbVotes": "876,575",
    "imdbID": "tt0499549",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  }
];

function getRating(watchList){
  // Only change code below this line
  var averageRating = watchList.filter(film => film.
  // Use filter to find films directed by Nolan
  Director === "Christopher Nolan")
  // Use map to to convert their ratings from strings to numbers
  .map(film => Number(film.imdbRating))
  // Use reduce to add together their strings
  .reduce((sumOfRatings, rating) => sumOfRatings + rating) /
  // Divide by number of Nolan films
  watchList.filter(film => film.Director === "Christopher Nolan").length;


  // Only change code above this line
  return averageRating;
}
console.log(getRating(watchList));

---
## [timthedev07/Your-Doge](https://github.com/timthedev07/Your-Doge)@[16b24b2fe5...](https://github.com/timthedev07/Your-Doge/commit/16b24b2fe558b2a92ed5afb13100ec55ea0ebd9a)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 14:08:41 by Tim

i'm sooo stuck

the problem must be on the client side

because the apollo client doesn't fetch data immediately on first render

what is going on

omg

i hate coding

i hate apollo

i hate web development

i wanna quit

oh my god

i just hate it

like

there's not even someone who could help me

should I ask jeff dean lol

I'm done

your doge is dead now

or trancated...

i'm just done with it.

i hate it

this is awful

i'll quit coding

---
## [leanprover-community/mathlib](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib)@[f961b28041...](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/commit/f961b28041ad901e12ff55653c93a640000da4d5)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 17:17:30 by Kevin Buzzard

chore(deprecated/*): Make deprecated classes into structures (#8178)

I make the deprecated classes `is_group_hom`, `is_subgroup`, ... into structures, and delete some deprecated constructions which become inconvenient or essentially unusable after these changes. I do not completely remove all deprecated imports in undeprecated files, however I push these imports much further towards the edges of the hierarchy. 

More detailed comments about what is going on here:

In the `src/deprecated/` directory, classes such as `is_ring_hom` and `is_subring` are defined (and the same for groups, fields, monoids...). These are predicate classes on functions and sets respectively, formerly used to handle ring morphisms and subrings before both were bundled. Amongst other things, this PR changes all the relevant definitions from classes to structures and then picks up the pieces (I will say more about what this means later). Before I started on this refactor, my opinion was that these classes should be turned into structures, but should be left in mathlib. After this refactor, I am now moving towards the opinion that it would be no great loss if these structures were removed completely -- I do not see any time when we really need them.

The situation I previously had in mind where the substructures could be useful is if one is (in the middle of a long tactic proof) defining an explicit subring of a ring by first defining it as a subset, or `add_subgroup` or whatever, and then doing some mathematics to prove that this subset is closed under multiplication, and hence proving that it was a subring after all. With the old approach this just involves some `S : set R` with more and more properties being proved of it and added to the type class search as the proof progresses. With the bundled set-up, we might have `S : set R` and then later on we get `S_subring : subring R` whose underlying subset equals S, and then all our hypotheses about `S` built up during the proof can no longer be used as rewrites, we need to keep rewriting or `change`ing `x \in S_subring` to `x \in S` and back again. This issue showed up only once in the refactor, in `src/ring_theory/integral_closure.lean`, around line 230, where I refactored a proof to avoid the deprecated structures and it seemed to get a bit longer. I can definitely live with this.

One could imagine a similar situation with morphisms (define f as a map between rings, and only later on prove that it's a ring homomorphism) but actually I did not see this situation arise at all. In fact the main issue I ran into with morphism classes was the following (which showed up 10 or so times): there are many constructions in mathlib which actually turn out to be, or (even worse) turn out under some extra assumptions to be, maps which preserve some structure. For example `multiset.map (f : X -> Y) : multiset X -> multiset Y` (which was in mathlib since it was born IIRC) turns out to be an add_group_hom, once the add_group structure is defined on multisets. So here I had a big choice to make: should I actually rename `multiset.map` to be `private multiset.map_aux` and then redefine `multiset.map` to be the `add_monoid_hom`? In retrospect I think that there's a case for this. In fact `data.multiset.basic` is the biggest source of these issues -- `map` and `sum` and `countp` and `count` are all `add_monoid_hom`s. I did not feel confident about ripping out these fundamental definitions so I made four new ones, `map_add_monoid_hom`, `sum_add_monoid_hom` etc. The disadvantage with this approach is that again rewrites get a bit more painful: some lemma which involves `map` may need to be rewritten so that it involves `map_add_monoid_hom` so that one can apply `add_monoid_hom.map_add`, and then perhaps rewritten back so that one can apply other rewrites. Random example: line 43 of `linear_algebra.lagrange`, where I have to rewrite `coe_eval_ring_hom` in both directions. Let me say that I am most definitely open to the idea of renaming `multiset.map_add_monoid_hom` to `multiset.map` and just nuking our current `multiset.map` or making it private or `map_aux` or whatever but we're already at 92 files changed so it might be best to get this over with and come up with a TODO list for future tidy-ups. Another example: should the fields of `complex` be `re'` and `im'`, and `complex.re` be redefined as the R-linear map? Right now in mathlib we only use the fact that it's an `add_group_hom`, and I define `re_add_group_hom` for this. Note however one can not always get away with this renaming trick, for example there are instances when a certain fundamental construction only preserves some structure under additional conditions -- for example `has_inv.inv` on groups is only a group homomorphism when the underlying group is abelian (and the same for `pow` and `gpow`). In the past this was dealt with by a typeclass `is_group_hom` on `inv` which fired in the presence of a `comm_group` but not otherwise; now this has to be dealt with by a second definition `inv_monoid_hom` whose underlying function is `inv`. You can't just get away with applying the proof of `inv (a * b) = inv a * inv b` when you need it, because sometimes you want to apply things like `monoid_hom.map_prod` which needs a `monoid_hom` as input, so won't work with `inv`: you need to rewrite one way, apply `monoid_hom.map_prod` and then rewrite back the other way now :-/ I would say that this was ultimately the main disadvantage of this approach, but it seems minor really and only shows up a few times, and if we go ahead with the renaming plan it will happen even fewer times.

I had initially played with the idea of just completely removing all deprecated imports in non-deprecated files, but there were times near the end when I just didn't feel like it (I just wanted it to be over, I was scared to mess around in `control` or `test`), so I removed most of them but added some deprecated imports higher up the tree (or lower down the tree, I never understand which way up this tree is, I mean nearer the leaves -- am I right in that computer scientists for some reason think the root of a tree is at the top?). It will not be too hard for an expert to remove those last few deprecated imports in src outside the `deprecated` directory in subsequent PR's, indeed I could do it myself but I might I might need some Zulip help. Note: it used to be the case that `subring` imported `deprecated.subring`; this is now the other way around, which is much more sensible (and matches with submonoid). Outside the deprecated directory, there are only a few deprecated imports: `control.fold` (which I don't really want to mess with),`group_theory.free_abelian_group` (there is a bunch of `seq` stuff which I am not sure is ever used but I just couldn't be bothered, it might be the sort of refactor which someone finds interesting or fun though), `ring_theory.free_comm_ring` (this file involves some definitional abuse which either needs to be redone "mathematically" or rewritten to work with bundled morphisms) and `topology.algebra.uniform_group` (which I think Patrick is refactoring?) and a test file.

If you look at the diffs you see that various things are deleted (lots of `is_add_monoid_hom foo` proofs), but many of these deletions come with corresponding additions (e.g. a new `foo_group_hom` definition if it was not there already, plus corresponding `simp` lemma, which is randomly either a `coe` or an `apply` depending on what mood I was in; this could all be done with `@[simps]` trickery apparently but I didn't read the thread carefully yet). Once nice achievement was that I refactored a bunch of basic ring and field theory to avoid the `is_` classes completely, which I think is a step in the right direction (people were occasionally being forced to use deprecated stuff when doing stuff like Galois theory because some fundamental things used to use them; this is no longer the case -- in particular I think Abel-Ruffini might now be deprecated-free, or very nearly so). 

`finset.sum_hom` and `finset.prod_hom` are gone. It is very funny to do a search for these files in mathlib current master as I write -- 98% of the time they're used, they're used backwards (with `.symm` or `\l` with a rewrite). The bundled versions (`monoid_hom.map_prod` etc) are written the other way around. I could have just left them and not bothered, but it seemed easier just to get rid of them if we're moving to bundled morphisms. One funny observation was that unary `-` seemed to be a special case: we
seem to prefer `-\sum i, f i` to `\sum i, -(f i)` . For almost every other function, we want it to go the other way.

---
## [ryeenii/t80sz](https://github.com/ryeenii/t80sz)@[5037489222...](https://github.com/ryeenii/t80sz/commit/5037489222bf9de1997040ca154ea3886a2fdd20)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 18:30:05 by ryeenii

holy moly i sure do love better scaling, i wish i had better scaling for my co

---
## [torvalds/linux](https://github.com/torvalds/linux)@[32baa63d82...](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/32baa63d82ee3f5ab3bd51bae6bf7d1c15aed8c7)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 19:28:51 by Dave Chinner

xfs: logging the on disk inode LSN can make it go backwards

When we log an inode, we format the "log inode" core and set an LSN
in that inode core. We do that via xfs_inode_item_format_core(),
which calls:

	xfs_inode_to_log_dinode(ip, dic, ip->i_itemp->ili_item.li_lsn);

to format the log inode. It writes the LSN from the inode item into
the log inode, and if recovery decides the inode item needs to be
replayed, it recovers the log inode LSN field and writes it into the
on disk inode LSN field.

Now this might seem like a reasonable thing to do, but it is wrong
on multiple levels. Firstly, if the item is not yet in the AIL,
item->li_lsn is zero. i.e. the first time the inode it is logged and
formatted, the LSN we write into the log inode will be zero. If we
only log it once, recovery will run and can write this zero LSN into
the inode.

This means that the next time the inode is logged and log recovery
runs, it will *always* replay changes to the inode regardless of
whether the inode is newer on disk than the version in the log and
that violates the entire purpose of recording the LSN in the inode
at writeback time (i.e. to stop it going backwards in time on disk
during recovery).

Secondly, if we commit the CIL to the journal so the inode item
moves to the AIL, and then relog the inode, the LSN that gets
stamped into the log inode will be the LSN of the inode's current
location in the AIL, not it's age on disk. And it's not the LSN that
will be associated with the current change. That means when log
recovery replays this inode item, the LSN that ends up on disk is
the LSN for the previous changes in the log, not the current
changes being replayed. IOWs, after recovery the LSN on disk is not
in sync with the LSN of the modifications that were replayed into
the inode. This, again, violates the recovery ordering semantics
that on-disk writeback LSNs provide.

Hence the inode LSN in the log dinode is -always- invalid.

Thirdly, recovery actually has the LSN of the log transaction it is
replaying right at hand - it uses it to determine if it should
replay the inode by comparing it to the on-disk inode's LSN. But it
doesn't use that LSN to stamp the LSN into the inode which will be
written back when the transaction is fully replayed. It uses the one
in the log dinode, which we know is always going to be incorrect.

Looking back at the change history, the inode logging was broken by
commit 93f958f9c41f ("xfs: cull unnecessary icdinode fields") way
back in 2016 by a stupid idiot who thought he knew how this code
worked. i.e. me. That commit replaced an in memory di_lsn field that
was updated only at inode writeback time from the inode item.li_lsn
value - and hence always contained the same LSN that appeared in the
on-disk inode - with a read of the inode item LSN at inode format
time. CLearly these are not the same thing.

Before 93f958f9c41f, the log recovery behaviour was irrelevant,
because the LSN in the log inode always matched the on-disk LSN at
the time the inode was logged, hence recovery of the transaction
would never make the on-disk LSN in the inode go backwards or get
out of sync.

A symptom of the problem is this, caught from a failure of
generic/482. Before log recovery, the inode has been allocated but
never used:

xfs_db> inode 393388
xfs_db> p
core.magic = 0x494e
core.mode = 0
....
v3.crc = 0x99126961 (correct)
v3.change_count = 0
v3.lsn = 0
v3.flags2 = 0
v3.cowextsize = 0
v3.crtime.sec = Thu Jan  1 10:00:00 1970
v3.crtime.nsec = 0

After log recovery:

xfs_db> p
core.magic = 0x494e
core.mode = 020444
....
v3.crc = 0x23e68f23 (correct)
v3.change_count = 2
v3.lsn = 0
v3.flags2 = 0
v3.cowextsize = 0
v3.crtime.sec = Thu Jul 22 17:03:03 2021
v3.crtime.nsec = 751000000
...

You can see that the LSN of the on-disk inode is 0, even though it
clearly has been written to disk. I point out this inode, because
the generic/482 failure occurred because several adjacent inodes in
this specific inode cluster were not replayed correctly and still
appeared to be zero on disk when all the other metadata (inobt,
finobt, directories, etc) indicated they should be allocated and
written back.

The fix for this is two-fold. The first is that we need to either
revert the LSN changes in 93f958f9c41f or stop logging the inode LSN
altogether. If we do the former, log recovery does not need to
change but we add 8 bytes of memory per inode to store what is
largely a write-only inode field. If we do the latter, log recovery
needs to stamp the on-disk inode in the same manner that inode
writeback does.

I prefer the latter, because we shouldn't really be trying to log
and replay changes to the on disk LSN as the on-disk value is the
canonical source of the on-disk version of the inode. It also
matches the way we recover buffer items - we create a buf_log_item
that carries the current recovery transaction LSN that gets stamped
into the buffer by the write verifier when it gets written back
when the transaction is fully recovered.

However, this might break log recovery on older kernels even more,
so I'm going to simply ignore the logged value in recovery and stamp
the on-disk inode with the LSN of the transaction being recovered
that will trigger writeback on transaction recovery completion. This
will ensure that the on-disk inode LSN always reflects the LSN of
the last change that was written to disk, regardless of whether it
comes from log recovery or runtime writeback.

Fixes: 93f958f9c41f ("xfs: cull unnecessary icdinode fields")
Signed-off-by: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Darrick J. Wong <djwong@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Darrick J. Wong <djwong@kernel.org>

---
## [timmd909/izanagi-role-catpoo](https://github.com/timmd909/izanagi-role-catpoo)@[2cd3d2e780...](https://github.com/timmd909/izanagi-role-catpoo/commit/2cd3d2e7807d1d969b002f5d8c94a88dbe6a4500)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 21:40:33 by Tim Doerzbacher

Make boot up great again

Back when I was a boy, we had corny boot up screens
and we liked it. We'd walk up hill both ways just to turn
on our computers. It was always the dead of winter too,
and there was no sun; but we didn't complain.

Hell, even the narcoleptic os Windoze95 allowed
bored teenagers the ability to prank everyone in
the family with a funny image or message.

---
## [JollyFrankle/jollyfrankle.github.io](https://github.com/JollyFrankle/jollyfrankle.github.io)@[6952c42c03...](https://github.com/JollyFrankle/jollyfrankle.github.io/commit/6952c42c03cc58060dfe6567a9fe2b3e8dca2754)
#### Sunday 2021-08-01 23:33:26 by Jolly Frankle

v6.9.2.2: Wonder why my bounce rate is 100%

Oh boy it's because I forgot to enable the fucking Google Analytics

---

# [<](2021-07-31.md) 2021-08-01 [>](2021-08-02.md)

