# [<](2021-06-06.md) 2021-06-07 [>](2021-06-08.md)

3,316,814 events, 1,538,797 push events, 2,524,923 commit messages, 193,025,263 characters


## [matchu/impress-outfit-logs](https://github.com/matchu/impress-outfit-logs)@[357b04e97c...](https://github.com/matchu/impress-outfit-logs/commit/357b04e97c71e101e6fef43d5395ea4ba292193c)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 01:15:43 by Matchu

Load tagging non-blockingly, too

Fuck yeah, I think this is optimal now??

It looks like we brought things to about 2sec to 1sec on my machine!

---
## [NoiceBroice/Teddy-Twosome](https://github.com/NoiceBroice/Teddy-Twosome)@[7582c8eb5e...](https://github.com/NoiceBroice/Teddy-Twosome/commit/7582c8eb5ea7a974db7b426c2695f4739cc60f86)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 02:26:38 by NoiceBroice

stupid images and outdated

fuck off i hate all of you

---
## [briannhan/Microbial-enzyme-activity-in-leaf-litter](https://github.com/briannhan/Microbial-enzyme-activity-in-leaf-litter)@[40bf010e9a...](https://github.com/briannhan/Microbial-enzyme-activity-in-leaf-litter/commit/40bf010e9ac755997d7cbdbe2fc0fee6b78cc11c)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 03:57:26 by Nhan Chung

Steve has comments

While his comments are listed in the Word doc that ends with "Steve's comments", to summarize, he wants me to shorten the hypotheses and to change some of my conclusions. He doesn't think that we can say anything about phosphorus. Also he doesn't think that we can say anything about nitrogen uptake, so I should rephrase what I said with increased microbial uptake of Nitrogen. Also, it turns out that I had the wrong definition of Km; Km is the concentration of actual substrates, not products. Welp, shit.

---
## [ChowChowSonic/Eve-Online-2](https://github.com/ChowChowSonic/Eve-Online-2)@[2d750774e8...](https://github.com/ChowChowSonic/Eve-Online-2/commit/2d750774e84a5970de4127d4e1e2d2d7c35955c5)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 03:59:32 by ChowChowSonic

Server now sends pings every X milliseconds; entities can now be removed properly; improved sorting "algorithm"

Server now pings the client with entities based on time, not every single game tick. Still kinda laggy/stuttery but not nearly as bad as before. Also apparently too much packet loss causes your character to spontaneously stop existing when boosting too far out. The issue of entities not being removed is now fixed and I fucking hate myself for not realizing the issue was the break command preventing it from working (for SOME reason...). The sorting "algorithm" (if you can call it that...) is now 3*O(x) opposed to 4*O(x).

---
## [eeriic20/ProyectoIntegrado](https://github.com/eeriic20/ProyectoIntegrado)@[d2bd3d0697...](https://github.com/eeriic20/ProyectoIntegrado/commit/d2bd3d0697f9762417f1dbff330934f85fe33b52)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 07:46:25 by XA12A1\DAM

Somebody once told me
The world is gonna roll me
I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
She was looking kind of dumb
With her finger and her thumb
In the shape of an L on her forehead

Well, the years start coming
And they don't stop coming
Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running
Didn't make sense not to live for fun
Your brain gets smart
But your head gets dumb

So much to do, so much to see
So what's wrong with taking the back streets?
You'll never know if you don't go
You'll never shine if you don't glow

Hey now, you're an all star
Get your game on, go play
Hey now, you're a rock star
Get the show on, get paid
And all that glitters is gold
Only shooting stars break the mold

It's a cool place and they say it gets colder
You're bundled up now
But wait till you get older
But the meteor men beg to differ
Judging by the hole in the satellite picture

The ice we skate is getting pretty thin
The water is getting warm
So you might as well swim
My world's on fire, how about yours?
That's the way I like it
And I never get bored

Hey now, you're an all star
Get your game on, go play
Hey now, you're a rock star
Get the show on, get paid
And all that glitters is gold
Only shooting stars break the mold

Hey now, you're an all star
Get your game on, go play
Hey now, you're a rock star
Get the show on, get paid
And all that glitters is gold
Only shooting stars

Somebody once asked
Could I spare some change for gas?
I need to get myself away from this place
I said: Yep, what a concept
I could use a little fuel myself
And we could all use a little change

Well the years start coming
And they don't stop coming
Fed to the rules and I hit the ground running
Didn't make sense not to live for fun
Your brain gets smart
But your head gets dumb

So much to do, so much to see
So what's wrong with taking the back streets
You'll never know if you don't go (go!)
You'll never shine if you don't glow

Hey now, you're an all star
Get your game on, go play
Hey now, you're a rock star
Get the show on, get paid

And all that glitters is gold
Only shooting stars break the mold
And all that glitters is gold
Only shooting stars break the mold

---
## [shyamk01/hackerrank](https://github.com/shyamk01/hackerrank)@[5ced90c4d1...](https://github.com/shyamk01/hackerrank/commit/5ced90c4d17c2578970a8920eebd6b5262328931)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 09:01:09 by shyam kumar

https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/morgan-and-a-string/problem
Morgan and a String

Jack and Daniel are friends. Both of them like letters, especially uppercase ones.
They are cutting uppercase letters from newspapers, and each one of them has his collection of letters stored in a stack.

One beautiful day, Morgan visited Jack and Daniel. He saw their collections. He wondered what is the lexicographically minimal string made of those two collections. He can take a letter from a collection only when it is on the top of the stack. Morgan wants to use all of the letters in their collections.

---
## [shyamk01/hackerrank](https://github.com/shyamk01/hackerrank)@[5023f95f52...](https://github.com/shyamk01/hackerrank/commit/5023f95f520246d546383ae6bdcabf828c125734)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 10:51:08 by shyam kumar

https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strong-password/problem

Strong Password

Louise joined a social networking site to stay in touch with her friends. The signup page required her to input a name and a password. However, the password must be strong. The website considers a password to be strong if it satisfies the following criteria:

---
## [ColtOSTemp/platform_packages_apps_Launcher3](https://github.com/ColtOSTemp/platform_packages_apps_Launcher3)@[6b91199ac7...](https://github.com/ColtOSTemp/platform_packages_apps_Launcher3/commit/6b91199ac715f6bbe542364b3a26408a57bdb7c2)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 12:01:13 by Alex Cruz

Launcher3: Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1
Signed-off-by: Mrinal Ghosh <mg712702@gmail.com>

---
## [derrickstolee/git](https://github.com/derrickstolee/git)@[655f705f2e...](https://github.com/derrickstolee/git/commit/655f705f2e80c31355155dc6754a15ea77a99a30)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 12:48:22 by Derrick Stolee

CodingGuidelines: recommend singular they

Technical writing seeks to convey information with minimal friction. One
way that a reader can experience friction is if they encounter a
description of "a user" that is later simplified using a gendered
pronoun. If the reader does not consider that pronoun to apply to them,
then they can experience cognitive dissonance that removes focus from
the information.

If we use singular "they/them" pronouns instead of "he/him" or "she/her"
pronouns, then we can avoid this congitive load on the reader.

Using singular "they" is also incredibly efficient. Choosing a gendered
pronoun is usually arbitrary between "he" or "she". Using constructs
such as "he or she", "s/he", or "(s)he" are more complicated than
singular "they".

When choosing a gendered pronoun, that pronoun no longer applies to
nearly half of possible readers. Even if we alternated between "he/him"
and "she/her" perfectly evenly, we would still expect male and female
readers to experience an incorrect pronoun half the time. However, some
readers will not prescribe to either of these binary genders. Those
readers hence suffer an incorrect pronoun the entire time. Singular
"they" applies to every reader.

Perhaps due to similar reasons, official style guides have changed their
stance on singuler "they" in recent years. For example, the APA style
guide changed their official recommendation in 2019 [1]. The MLA
handbook also references helpful ways to use singular "they" [2]. While
not fully endorsing it, the Chicago Manual of Style has removed its
blanket ban on singular "they" [3] (the previous recommendation was to
only use "it" as a singular non-gendered pronoun).

[1] https://apastyle.apa.org/blog/singular-they
[2] https://style.mla.org/using-singular-they/
[3] https://libraries.indiana.edu/chicago-manual-style-singular-pronoun-they

While not all styleguides are updating their recommendations, we can
make a choice as a project to adopt the concept because of the
efficiencies above, as well as the benefits of increased inclusion.

To futher justify singular "they" as an acceptable grammatical concept,
I include the careful research of brian m. carlson who collected their
thoughts on this matter [2] (lightly edited):

  Singular "they" has been used by native English speakers as part of
  the language for over half a millennium and is widely used and
  understood. This usage is specified in Merriam Webster[3]:

    The use of they, their, them, and themselves as pronouns of
    indefinite gender and indefinite number is well established in
    speech and writing, even in literary and formal contexts.

  Wiktionary notes[4] (references omitted):

    Usage of they as a singular pronoun began in the 1300s and has been
    common ever since, despite attempts by some grammarians, beginning
    in 1795, to condemn it as a violation of traditional (Latinate)
    agreement rules. Some other grammarians have countered that criticism
    since at least 1896. Fowler's Modern English Usage (third edition)
    notes that it "is being left unaltered by copy editors" and is "not
    widely felt to lie in a prohibited zone." Some authors compare use of
    singular they to widespread use of singular you instead of thou.

  Linguists fit roughly into two camps: prescriptive and descriptive.
  The former specify rules for people to use, and the latter document
  language as it is actually used without forming a judgment.

  Some prescriptivists think it is acceptable, and some do not. But
  descriptivists will rightly note that it is and has been commonly
  used in English across countries, cultures, and contexts for an
  extended period of time and is therefore generally accepted by most
  English speakers as a normal part of the language.  Since we are
  writing text for an English language audience who are mostly not
  linguists, we should probably consider using the language that most
  people will use in this context.

[2] https://lore.kernel.org/git/YKrk4dEjEm6+48ji@camp.crustytoothpaste.net/
[3] https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/they
[4] https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/they

If we refer to a specific person, then using a gendered pronoun is
appropriate. Examples within the Git codebase include:

* References to real people (e.g. Linus Torvalds, "the Git maintainer").
  Do not misgender real people. If there is any doubt to the gender of a
  person, then use singular "they".

* References to fictional people with clear genders (e.g. Alice and
  Bob).

* Sample text used in test cases (e.g t3702, t6432).

Other cases within the Git project were cleaned up by the previous
changes.

Signed-off-by: Derrick Stolee <dstolee@microsoft.com>

---
## [DroneBetter/8-ball](https://github.com/DroneBetter/8-ball)@[6bf534dd62...](https://github.com/DroneBetter/8-ball/commit/6bf534dd62917c4d34ecd416aefe0d2c35fc4cab)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 13:54:41 by DroneBetter

Make new 'frozen for move' system that pauses live physics simulation after all balls have stopped moving in regular mode (saving computing power) or when the cueball has made a full orbit since the last move in gravity mode (removing its time constraints that wouldn't work well with passing a device or sending gamestate strings), add experimental clicking mode (balls make clicking sound when colliding with volume proportional to magnitude)

The frozen for move system took much longer than expected, every fix for a given problem uncovered further ones (like the black ball's outline in gravity mode only having been programmed in the draw vertice function, not the render one which was previously only used to draw the walls between the corner-rounders (because they need to be connected to each other, not themselves in previous frames, they have infinite mass and don't move), then using the vertice function in render instead of move would make them initially render where they had been before the program had last been reset, somewhere in between those were the balls rendering their first vertice as the centre (so they looked like a spider's legs) and motion trails not decaying (so it was difficult to tell where balls were in their trails, like hard mode for billiards), then all projection in gravity mode entered an infinite loop because when I moved the two lines for determining freezing criteria that referenced the cueball's list number with the 'Cueball Target' variable from Move Planets to Move Projected Planets (so that it could be used to determine how far to project), I didn't also move the line that set the variable).
Scratch limitations prevent multiple concurrent click sounds and make the outside of the table flicker green for a frame whenever it happens (because it seems to override the 'run without screen refresh' option, and the calculation happens in the rendering part of the frame, not the part where it makes the outside black (it can't just avoid making it green, it renders the hole-roundings as circles)), so not enabled, may be a setting but for now set the variable to 1 if you really want it (we think you're going to love it (topical because the WWDC happens today)).

---
## [Radhikacm2/CodeIgniter-MY_Model](https://github.com/Radhikacm2/CodeIgniter-MY_Model)@[2b9ad42dc2...](https://github.com/Radhikacm2/CodeIgniter-MY_Model/commit/2b9ad42dc2cc150c519d86520d5ae7479ae2be45)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 14:16:33 by Phil Sturgeon

Fixed my idiotic commit struggles with model. Sorry about that folks, repo is back to normal.

---
## [somedevsdo/blog](https://github.com/somedevsdo/blog)@[340365336e...](https://github.com/somedevsdo/blog/commit/340365336ec7f1e79df3206658d7482fe5d392fb)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 18:38:13 by Ben Selby

Safari fix for the ImageWithPlacehold/Avatar transition oddness

Before this commit, in Safari, the experience would be:

- ImageWithPlaceholder would render a grey placeholder as a square.
- Then transition to the image for 0.5 seconds.
- Then turn into the circle Avatar we know and love.

This seems to keep the behaviour folks want, but also stops the oddness
in Safari.

---
## [Chibi-Usa/Discord-Bot-Aniorb](https://github.com/Chibi-Usa/Discord-Bot-Aniorb)@[d5b959be95...](https://github.com/Chibi-Usa/Discord-Bot-Aniorb/commit/d5b959be95abf743fe911d3c305094e300a0a659)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 20:38:51 by Aris A

basically the magic stuffs

This is basically what is the main part of the bot

and i hope to god it works

cause i have no fucking idea what i am doing and i think i am mostly half assing this

---
## [Kazkin/sojourn-station](https://github.com/Kazkin/sojourn-station)@[f475749286...](https://github.com/Kazkin/sojourn-station/commit/f4757492861f24ad02c432da34003836802468ce)
#### Monday 2021-06-07 22:56:28 by Kazkin

Map Changes

-**QoL**, The hunter master now has his own special access that allows him to access and use the colony transport shuttle.
-The colony transport shuttle can now be remotely called by the lodge and by the colony using console at either location (LZ for lodge, visitor office for colony). Ideally, when the shuttle is remotely called by the lodge, they should fax first. No joy rides, need a decent reason to use it.
-The scrap beacon has been moved back to the colony in the churches hands and given another small redesign to improve it. The church is now detailed that they cannot ban people from using it, but it is once again theres. This change was largely unpopular and a bad move, so I regret making it and have now fixed it.
-Some areas with piping now have actual tunnels and plating, allowing for access and more interesting gremlining on the surface area.
-Fixed a typo on the shuttle pod.
-Removed the cryo control console in the outsider beds, they are now rigged to the same one the lodge uses to reference who cryos out. (kinda doesn't make sense but it has to have a controller and this was the most logical oocly)
-**QoL**, Hunting crossbow special bolts are now crafted in bulk of 10 versus one. Ergo, take 10 bolts, start craft, add ore/bone/leather and presto done.

---

# [<](2021-06-06.md) 2021-06-07 [>](2021-06-08.md)

