# [<](2021-11-20.md) 2021-11-21 [>](2021-11-22.md)

2,249,026 events, 1,351,145 push events, 1,855,704 commit messages, 110,513,184 characters


## [WesleyBryie/wes-website](https://github.com/WesleyBryie/wes-website)@[c74f6087a4...](https://github.com/WesleyBryie/wes-website/commit/c74f6087a4ccb4f951c94997d6f47854a12aa61b)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 00:32:17 by Wes Bryie

add debug shit, idk why this is being pushed but i hate my life so this is going on github

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[220a6ccaea...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/220a6ccaeaa27e90224cff4f17e174bda00d101b)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 01:00:11 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Nerfs the shit out of the negative sprayed with water mood event for Felinids (#1493)

* Nerfs the shit out of the negative sprayed with water mood event for Felinids (#62769)

Mood controls your movespeed. Making Felinids get their movespeed tanked because someone tried to fire extinguisher them is insane. Movespeed is the most important factor in SS13 when it comes to just about everything, it's how we punish people for damage after all.

A -5 mood is insanely punishing. It is equivalent to getting smitten by the gods, worse than a terrible noogie, worse than being bald, worse than literally throwing up all over yourself, worse than losing your family heirloom, and worse than having your eye stabbed out. This sucks for how easy it is to inflict on someone, especially considering the most common method of inflicting this is trying to fire extinguisher someone who's lit themselves on fire.

🆑
balance: Nerfs the felinid water spray moodlet
/🆑

* Nerfs the shit out of the negative sprayed with water mood event for Felinids

Co-authored-by: Iamgoofball <iamgoofball@gmail.com>

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[920c1bd2dd...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/920c1bd2dd99ea11944806c3b3c04067ef19a568)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 01:01:15 by Iamgoofball

Nerfs the shit out of the felinid tail grab mood buff (#62768)

Mood controls your movespeed. Making Felinids objectively the best mood management race provided your ~~metagame buddy~~friend pulls your tail once every two minutes is insane, even as a meme.

A +5 mood buff was ridiculously good. This is better than the antag mood buff which is 4, equal to the cult buff for sacrificing which is 5, better than tripping balls, better than playing an arcade game and winning, better than the upgraded hug, equal with the best hug, and frankly one of the easiest best mood buffs you can get. And stacks with all the other ones.

---
## [Kristina-hub/Hack_Western_8](https://github.com/Kristina-hub/Hack_Western_8)@[5a3ffaa005...](https://github.com/Kristina-hub/Hack_Western_8/commit/5a3ffaa005920d2f17562c278ba7ef701f577f40)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 03:14:29 by Michael

Final stock commit

oh god the darkness it creeps closer ever hour every minute every second it nears my small crevice of refuge, seeking to plunge all into void and darkness for eternity. How can hope exist in such a place like this?

---
## [Hatterhat/CEV-Eris](https://github.com/Hatterhat/CEV-Eris)@[6cc5c5dae7...](https://github.com/Hatterhat/CEV-Eris/commit/6cc5c5dae7ebeec0e969f30f40d681de8558e1da)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 03:17:31 by Hatterhat

changes bolt-action recoil to be more in-line with other .30 rifles (#6250)

* i kinda don't playtest my changes

* what the Fuck are recoil numbers

* i hate recoil now actually

Co-authored-by: Hatterhat <Hatterhat@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [shahriarkariman/hello-world](https://github.com/shahriarkariman/hello-world)@[ae135468e3...](https://github.com/shahriarkariman/hello-world/commit/ae135468e3e8150a6f1abdcd9314b4d7926378ea)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 03:37:30 by shahriarkariman

Merge pull request #3 from shahriarkariman/new

fuck you

---
## [Cool-showTTV/Cool-showTTV](https://github.com/Cool-showTTV/Cool-showTTV)@[986de4b9ad...](https://github.com/Cool-showTTV/Cool-showTTV/commit/986de4b9ad93cdc1382a8cc1be2e5ebd7ef6fe4c)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 05:06:36 by Cool_show

pissed on my wife

I've come to make an announcement: Shadow the Hedgehog's a bitch-ass motherfucker, he pissed on my fucking wife. That's right, he took his hedgehog-fuckin' quilly dick out and he pissed on my fucking wife, and he said his dick was "THIS BIG," and I said "that's disgusting," so I'm making a callout post on my Twitter.com: Shadow the Hedgehog, you've got a small dick. It's the size of this walnut except WAY smaller. And guess what? Here's what my dong looks like.

That's right, baby. All points, no quills, no pillows — look at that, it looks like two balls and a bong. He fucked my wife, so guess what, I'm gonna fuck the Earth. That's right, this is what you get: MY SUPER LASER PISS!! Except I'm not gonna piss on the Earth, I'm gonna go higher; I'M PISSING ON THE MOON! How do you like that, Obama?! I PISSED ON THE MOON, YOU IDIOT!

You have twenty-three hours before the piss D R O P L E T S hit the fucking Earth, now get outta my fucking sight, before I piss on you too!

---
## [Kitsunemitsu/KirieStation](https://github.com/Kitsunemitsu/KirieStation)@[50766de188...](https://github.com/Kitsunemitsu/KirieStation/commit/50766de188d5b25fec176e3b443e6f40770c8201)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 07:36:22 by Kirie Saito

I am going to end my own life.

3 PERIODS.
IT WAS 3 FUCKING PERIODS
THAT'S IT
THAT'S ALL THAT BROKE IT
WHY DID WE FUCKING SPEND LITERAL MONTHS. ACTUAL FUCKING MONTHS ON THIS SHIT. AND IT WAS 3 FUCKING PERIODS

---
## [Xanfre/T2FMDML](https://github.com/Xanfre/T2FMDML)@[cdf58ad9a9...](https://github.com/Xanfre/T2FMDML/commit/cdf58ad9a9550232e421dc8d5dad0a00eb410c55)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 09:07:43 by Xanfre

Update and add DMLs
Add new DMLs for Bruder Snuck, City Conflict, Dedicated to the People of
TTLG, Simple Enough, The Citadel of Wrath-Amon, The Kindred Vault, and
The Lost Castle.
Update the DMLs for All Torc, An Old Friend, Bafford's Town House, Deep
Trouble: City Under the Sea, Memoirs of a Dead God, Mysterious
Invitation, Nostalgia, Redemption, Rowena's Curse, Stowaway, The Book of
Prophecy: The Hidden City, The Curse, and The Lord Ashton Series.

---
## [DominikNovosel/Birday-LTS](https://github.com/DominikNovosel/Birday-LTS)@[40ba55cfd2...](https://github.com/DominikNovosel/Birday-LTS/commit/40ba55cfd26a9f13b592d0eaea640d00bc58ac8c)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 09:54:43 by Dominik Novosel

Update README.md

I was working on this around midnight, so eventually i decided to go to sleep and work on it some more in the morning. Whoo boy, does it need improving! Now if you'll excuse me, I'll pass out for another few hours.

---
## [UnlegitMC/FDPClient](https://github.com/UnlegitMC/FDPClient)@[c8a4b3c893...](https://github.com/UnlegitMC/FDPClient/commit/c8a4b3c8935fc4590fa57db29b81301175e0666e)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 09:56:28 by XiGuaHanHan

Fucking Readme.md FUCK You!!

Change something, and add something

---
## [Leor47/triplicate](https://github.com/Leor47/triplicate)@[6ebab0b35a...](https://github.com/Leor47/triplicate/commit/6ebab0b35a79b765824f4641aca067f36b376c88)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 11:26:28 by arcdluna

Shader Pass 3: Rise of the Machines + Uncompressed bitmaps + Implement train death balls + Acoustics + Sound Scenery + Enhanced panel_truck destruction effects

Shaders:
-Several illum maps were touched, vastly improved kiosk_base illum.
-Many objects and some BSP shaders had their base maps set to best uncompressed color format.
-Fixed ugly compression artifacts on panel_truck, ze_train, crate_tech_giant, dumpster and some BSP shaders.
-Made some improvements to kiosk_monitor screen brightness
-Placed and ran dynamic cubemaps, still figuring out how to use them

Crates:
-Ported civ_wheel destruction crate from H2
-panel_truck now pops it's wheels off with extra explosion and flash effects

Machines:
-Ported the deathballs for the trains and their associated damage effects and re-added them to the train script

Sound:
-Added several acoustic environments to inside, outside, tunnel, and station platform clusters. All map clusters have an appropriate sound environment.
-Added a shitload of sound scenery with varying radii and cutoff based on the type of sound. Includes generator buzzing, fluorescent lights, computer noises and distant battle. (it sounds fucking awesome now)
-Both trains now use the elephant horn looping sound (with doppler) emanating from car_1 marker to warn players they're about to be splatted. Considering we don't have sound importing yet, this does very well.

Spawns:
-Set ALL respawn points to neutral. (respawn zones take care of team games)
-Fixed a CTF initial spawn for attackers being an oddball initial spawn by mistake.
-Added two invisible repawn points as fallback in case all are deleted in forge.
-MV spawners palette now has a limit of 200 respawn points for forge instead of 100 to avoid negative forge object limit when all stock spawns are placed.

I hope people are actually going to play this map I'm pouring my soul in to it

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[00552545a5...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/00552545a5147c12e5a8f55bba2e3048a39472b1)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 12:19:20 by Marko Grdinić

"12:15pm. Reverberation Ensemble and the final two floor realizations are waiting for me next, so I'll stop here for the day otherwise I'll end up playing through the whole night. For the Reverb Ensemble, I need to first finish the last two floors, and afterwards I need to build up all the floor teams. That will take a lot of time, if I start now I'll end up playing through the night. Let me get dinner instead.

11/21/2021

9:30am. Yesterday I went to bed a bit earlier than usual so I am up as usual as well. I am still tired and wish I could have slept longer, but it will have to do.

9:35am. Ah, who feels like sculpting now? Let me start with that lewd Saki chapter.

10:15am. https://boards.4chan.org/ic/thread/5737058/was-he-really-that-bad

This thread has some of Hitler's art. It is quite decent. Some make a point about perspective being wonky, but it is not something you'd see at a glance. Apart from that, the thread in general is just people bandwagoning.

10:20am. Let me start. This was my usual early morning time waster. Let me break out the stylus. Ok, I've turned on the 3 button mouse emulation. Now I can use Alt to move around. Let me dig up Flycat's video. I will study it again and again.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=21

First of all, let me take a couple of screenshots. I should use that as the reference.

11:05am. I am setting up the reference images. This is taking me a bit too long as usual, but it does not matter. The short from the back is at an angle, but I'll use the front to determinate overall size.

This is how I should have done it from the start. First, let me do the overall shape. Right now I just have a single sphere for the head. I'll get that to feel right. Than I will watch the video closely and figure out the details. Previuosly, I was just playing around without really looking at the reference, just trying to make things look good based on my intuition. But now I'll do it by the book.

12:20pm. I am thinking. What I've done now is just put a bunch of cubes and circles for joints.

...And I am confused. Why does the body have this particular shape? I like the slim waist and thick, taut legs of the females. As well as the slim shoulder and arms contrasting those. Very aesthetic.

But I am not sure what to think about the way the spine curves.

Looking at it overall, the mass is distributed quite unevenly, this is not how I would have designed it. It feels like it is leaning forward and would fall over, but then nature decided to adjust that. Do males have that kind of shape?

12:25pm. Before I go dyntopo and do a flood fill, let me work on the head a bit. I want to the face to work at least.

12:50pm. Huh, I have a problem. I didn't realize this before, but the front is in isometric, but the side is not. The references have different perspectives literally. As a consequence, the side view of the head is longer than the front view despite the top points matching.

Now I am worried that the side angles might be off. Well, they invariably will be.

1:10pm. Ok, enough. I am just looking at this and thinking and thinking about the shape. This is good enough. Let me have breakfast here and I'll do a flood fill after I get back and start sculpting. Moving the face into shape felt very smooth with the stylus. It felt a lot easier than doing that with a mouse.

1:20pm. Let me stop, I need to pry myself off."

---
## [filbo/socialfixerdata](https://github.com/filbo/socialfixerdata)@[9a2a3b286c...](https://github.com/filbo/socialfixerdata/commit/9a2a3b286c084a98015178d7d063d04da2209c2b)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 12:44:11 by Bela Lubkin

More work on Left / Right Rail

hideable.json: use more universal selectors for the roots of Left & Right Rails
hideable.json: retire the set of 'Right Rail [alt]' hiders
hideable.json: rename 2020082901 'Left Rail (entire block)' + better self-doc
hideable.json: reduce 2021111601 'Left Rail: Oculus (2)' chances to hide groups

Users continue to experience hiders which work some of the time, as FB
randomly shuffle their layouts and stuff.

This is researched from all the saved FB HTML I have since 'new layout'
started; including a number of pages sent in by users with different
hardware, browsers, etc., in pursuit of various old unrelated problems.

I've now seen examples of pages which have '#ssrb_left_rail_start' and
'#ssrb_rhc_start' but lack '[data-pagelet=LeftRail]' and
'[data-pagelet=RightRail]'.  I've seen examples the opposite way.  I
haven't seen any which lack both of these signposts; but these new
selectors intentionally avoid both, in case that also happens.

Win some / lose some: one gets simpler, the other more complex:

For Left Rail,

    #ssrb_left_rail_start ~ [role=navigation]

becomes:

    [role=navigation].rek2kq2y

For Right Rail,

    [data-pagelet=RightRail]

becomes:

    [role=complementary] .ofs802cu > .buofh1pr > div

Prompted by my own login lacking the [data-pagelet] attributes today,
thus not working with the last-committed selectors.  Plus various user
complaints.  Wheee...

A few rules I've learned semi-recently:

1. Hiders without 'parent' must not use comma-alternated selectors.
   'a[href*=foo],a[href*=bar]' will lead to grief when hide.js pastes
   together the CSS, failing to prepend 'not(.sfx_hide_show_all)' to
   'a[href*=bar]'.  The trivial JS fix (split selector on commas, insert
   the prefix into each alternative) -- is wrong: 'a[href*="this,that"]'
   becomes a disaster.  Parented hiders are fine.

2. No two hiders should target the same target element.  Nesting is OK.
   We end up with two hiders for the same target after having seen HTML
   variants (like the Right Rail situation).  If there are variants
   which match only selector A, others which match only B, that's fine.
   When a version goes by which matches both -- it is difficult or
   impossible to unhide, depending which hider is layered on top.
   Behavior is generally weird in this situation.  This is why I retired
   the 'Right Rail [alt]' set.  Some users will again experience that
   they had something hidden and now it reappears; they should be able
   to re-hide it with the now single hider set.  I retired them less
   completely than others, in anticipation that a set of 'alt' hiders
   might be needed again.

3. Left Rail selectors matching 'a[href=something]' should have a slash
   in the match string; preferably two.  Consider Jobs, which uses
   'a[href*="/jobs/"]'.  The left rail also contains 'shortcuts' --
   links to groups put there by either FB or user action.  If the
   selector used 'a[href*=jobs]', it would match any group whose vanity
   URL included 'jobs'.  With two slashes, only a group whose vanity URL
   exactly matches the /string/ would be troubled.

I changed 'Left Rail: Oculus (2)' in accordance with this.  Unlike the
other left rail items, its link is external and is laundered through
FB's 'l.facebook.com/...php' thing -- until you mouse over it.  Then it
transforms into the straight URL.  The pre-transformation URL has %2F
rather than slashes.  So I mine the link for two different pieces which
are unchanged by the transformation.

Couldn't do that for 'Left Rail: Olympics', as I have no sample HTML.  A
group with 'olympics_hub' in its vanity URL could be affected.  Meh.

=====

It's impossible to properly test any of this.  It's the best I can do
under the circumstances and hopefully it'll work for everyone now...

And we really ought to update SFx to handle changes to subscribed hiders
better.  Currently they change only if the user enters the Hide/Show UI
and clicks 'Done Hiding'.  They should do periodic automatic
check-and-update like filters & tweaks; user experience is better and
less confusing.

---
## [nfreader/tgstation-1](https://github.com/nfreader/tgstation-1)@[861bf808bc...](https://github.com/nfreader/tgstation-1/commit/861bf808bc20d8544aaf7f30d40f0fcdb65b9c37)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 17:16:56 by LemonInTheDark

Fixes a few hard deletes and runtimes I either caused, or ran into when trying to fix hard deletes (#61953)

Please don't try and send chat messages if you have nothing to say
Fixes a spurious runtime.
Fixes a runtime caused by my lack of understanding of huds. remove_hud_from is intended for hud watchers, remove_from_hud is intended for hud items. Doesn't really make sense most of the time, and just runtimes out the ass
Fixes a runtime in shapeshifting, restore should not run if the object is not restoring, or if it's deleting. it should run if it's not restoring, and it's not deleted. 4head
Fun fact, if there's two turret control boards they'll override each other. Use weakrefs. Oh also removes a var called cp, nothing good will come of that
Today in: Good lord the stacking machine is an afront to god, we discover that the labor claims console was attempting to act as a console, which of course fails when it comes time to clear it's improperly named var. Disgusting
Attempts to fix potential wound ref hangs in surgeries? maybe?
Fixes a runtime in luminescent stuff I created in my big harddel crusade. owner is a mob, not a species
Fixes a runtime related to headspikes deleting themselves twice. Pain
Fixes hard deletes sourced from the prophet trauma. Good fucking lord this is awful
Offhand item is somehow hard deleting. I have no idea how. Here's hoping signals fixes it, because if it doesn't I'm stumped. It's not a common scenario, but it does happen in spurts that suggest repeated usage

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[0f65780eca...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0f65780eca6d850fc099daf4f691091b77fc01a4)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 18:46:09 by Marko Grdinić

"2:35pm. Let me just read the latest chapter of Tog and then I'll do the chores. After that I'll get back into it.

3:30pm. Done with chores. Let me resume. Let me do that Flood fill. Actually, before that, it might be good to set the fingers....No, I'll leave that for later. Let me just get the overall body into shape. I'll leave head for last. In fact, I won't merge it with the rest just yet. Ok, now how do I apply all the modifiers at once. Before that I should apply all the transforms first.

> To apply all modifiers on multiple objects, select all objects you want to apply modifiers for, then go to Object->Convert To and choose mesh. We can also use the modifier tools add-on and use the apply all operators while having multiple objects selected.

3:50pm. I had trouble applying the union to all the objects at once. The bool tool was acting wonky. I had to do it step by step. After that I did a remeshing step. I mean to turn on dyntopo and flood fill, but nevermind that for now. Maybe I'll do it later. Let me finally start working on the body itself. I spent too long on the basic step.

Hmmm, where do I start?

Well, let me smooth things out. No actually let me fill things out first. I do not want gaps in the joints.

4:05pm. Fuck. I forgot to bool the ass. I notice that just now and unioned it. Except it did not work, but I thought I did so by proceeding with work I actually lost the ability to undo. Shit!

Good thing I backed up the body as a template.

4:05pm. I union them, and the body disappears. Holy shit, I hate these buggy...

4:10pm. Damn it, the stupid thing crashed when I tried undoing. How much work did I lose? Recover last session gives me that missile launcher from yesterday.

4:15pm. Finally got it. Now I saved in proper place. Let me remesh. And save. Sheesh.

4:55pm. The legs are proceeding nicely. Inflate smooth, inflate smooth. In theory this should get me the result I want, but I am running into unexpected snags. It was the same thing as last time. The legs have a slight frumpiness in their curvature which ruins the aesthetic look.

5:30pm. Let me have lunch here.

5:55pm. I am back.

6pm. Let me resume. I want to work a bit on the foreleg.

6:35pm. I've been pressing fucking space to move around all day today. What that does is instead is 'start animation'. It is super annoying. I want to map it to something else, but I should endeavor to get used to it.

7:15pm. The neck is kicking my add. I can't figure out how the front area is supposed to be structured in women.

7:20pm. Maybe the sides are what is that problem.

I should take some risks and try narrowing it. I started off with a cube, and never really properly shaped it. It is easy to miss small details if you are going from imagination. Well, I do have the references in the background now

At any rate, unlike Flycat I am really not using the move tool much. I've already found it hard to deal with. The way he is using it is always some otherwordly skill.

https://cgcookie.com/questions/11496-draw-sharp-problem
> hey what were you using when you drew sharp between the teeth? Because my geometry looks so stretched when i do that
> If you find your geometry is stretching that's a clear indicator that you're using the Crease brush. The only difference between crease and draw sharp is the pinch behavior.
> Switch to the Draw Sharp brush to avoid the pinching.

Interesting. I was wondering about the difference between the two.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_4FoNTHf5g
Mark Sharp vs. Crease vs. Seam vs. Bevel Weight vs.Weighted Normals - in Blender

https://youtu.be/5bgtJkI-yCA
Blender Secrets - Sculpting Quick Start (Scrape, Pinch and Crease)

https://youtu.be/jBUzQN4dyE4
How to Sculpt Hard Edges | Blender 2.8

I'll leave these videos for tomorrow. I feel like I am not paying enough attention to hard and soft edges in the model.

7:30pm. I still haven't quite figured out how to get rid of frumpiness in the legs, but I will deal with it. I've decided to ignore it from now as the shape is mostly correct at this point. I'll think of something after I am done with the rest.

Right now I am almost done with the core body. What is left are neck, hands, feet, the face and the ear.

7:35pm. This was pretty fun. Sculpting with the stylus is quite comfy, much moreso than with the mouse. I did the right thing by buying it.

Tomorrow, apart from working more on this, I should probably start things off by watching Flycat's video from start to finish.

The way this works is that I try it on my own, make some progress, make a bunch of mental notes, watch it again, reference the video with my mental notes, improve, rinse and repeat. Eventaully I'll become quite good at doing the body. At my current level, I think I understand the basic shape by about 60% and need to fill in the details. One thing I've felt the urge today is to learn more anatomy. Sculpting like this is really a great way to approach this subject. Just drawing would not have the same attention to detail."

---
## [Dhruvgera/Rockstarkernel_beryllium](https://github.com/Dhruvgera/Rockstarkernel_beryllium)@[653992d77d...](https://github.com/Dhruvgera/Rockstarkernel_beryllium/commit/653992d77d9a908ea56a62793270bc95b103a6e6)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 19:17:23 by tanish2k09

Introducing KLapse - A kernel level livedisplay module v4.0:

Author: @tanish2k09 (email: tanish2k09.dev@gmail.com)

What is it?
Kernel-based Lapse ("K-Lapse") is a linear RGB scaling module that 'shifts' RGB based on time (of the day/selected by user), or (since v2.0) brightness. This concept is inspired from
LineageOS (formerly known as 'CyanogenMod') ROM's feature "livedisplay" which also changes the display settings (RGB, hue, temperature, etc) based on time.

Why did you decide to make this? (Tell me a story).
I (personally) am a big fan of the livedisplay feature found on LineageOS ROM. I used it every single day, since Android Lollipop. Starting from Android Nougat, a native night mode
solution was added to AOSP and it felt like livedisplay was still way superior, thanks to its various options (you could say it spoiled me, sure). I also maintained a kernel (Venom
kernel) for the device I was using at that time. It was all good until the OEM dropped support for the device at Android M, and XDA being XDA, was already working on N ROMs. The issue
was, these ROMs weren't LineageOS or based on it, so livedisplay was... gone. I decided I'll try to bring that feature to every other ROM. How would I do that? Of course! The kernel! It
worked on every single ROM, it was the key! I started to work on it ASAP and here it is, up on GitHub, licensed under GPL (check klapse.c), open to everyone :)

How does it work?
Think of it like a fancy night mode, but not really. Klapse is dependent on an RGB interface (like Gamma on MTK and KCAL on SD chipsets). It fetches time from the kernel, converts it to
local time, and selects and RGB set based on the time. The result is really smooth shifting of RGB over time.

How does it really work (dev)?
Klapse mode 1 (time-based scaling) uses a method void klapse_pulse(void) that should ideally be called every minute. This can be done by injecting a pulse call inside another method that
is called repeatedly naturally, like cpufreq or atomic or frame commits. It can be anything, whatever you like, even a kthread, as long as it is called repeatedly naturally. To execute
every 60 seconds, use jiffies or ktime, or any similar method. The pulse function fetches the current time and makes calculations based on the current hour and the values of the tunables
listed down below.

Klapse mode 2 (brightness-based scaling) uses a method void set_rgb_slider(<type> bl_lvl) where is the data type of the brightness level used in your kernel source. (OnePlus 6 uses u32
data type for bl_lvl) set_rgb_slider needs to be called/injected inside a function that sets brightness for your device. (OnePlus 6 uses dsi_panel.c for that, check out the diff for that
file in /op6)

What all stuff can it do?

1, Emulate night mode with the proper RGB settings
2, Smoothly scale from one set of RGB to another set of RGB in integral intervals over time.
3, Reduce perceived brightness using brightness_factor by reducing the amount of color on screen. Allows lower apparent brightness than system permits.
4, Scale RGB based on brightness of display (low brightness usually implies a dark environment, where yellowness is probably useful).
5, Automate the perceived brightness independent of whether klapse is enabled, using its own set of start and stop hours.
6, Be more efficient,faster by residing inside the kernel instead of having to use the HWC HAL like android's night mode.
7, (On older devices) Reduce stuttering or frame lags caused by native night mode.
8, An easier solution against overlay-based apps that run as service in userspace/Android and sometimes block apps asking for permissions.
9, Give you a Livedisplay alternative if it doesn't work in your ROM.
10, Impress your crush so you can get a date (Hey, don't forget to credit me if it works).

Alright, so this is a replacement for night mode?
NO! Not at all. One can say this is merely an alternative for LineageOS' Livedisplay, but inside a kernel. Night mode is a sub-function of both Livedisplay and KLapse. Most comparisons
here were made with night mode because that's what an average user uses, and will relate to the most. There is absolutely no reason for your Android kernel to not have KLapse. Go ahead
and add it or ask your kernel maintainer to. It's super-easy!

What can it NOT do (yet)?

1, Calculate scaling to the level of minutes, like "Start from 5:37pm till 7:19am". --TODO
2, Make coffee for you.
3, Fly you to the moon. Without a heavy suit.
4, Get you a monthly subscription of free food, cereal included.

All these following tunables are found in their respective files in /sys/klapse/

1. enable_klapse : A switch to enable or disable klapse. Values : 0 = off, 1 = on (since v2.0, 2 = brightness-dependent mode)
2. klapse_start_hour : The hour at which klapse should start scaling the RGB values from daytime to target (see next points). Values : 0-23
3. klapse_stop_hour : The hour by which klapse should scale back the RGB values from target to daytime (see next points). Values : 0-23
4. daytime_rgb : The RGB set that must be used for all the time outside of start and stop hour range.
5. target_rgb : The RGB set that must be scaled towards for all the time inside of start and stop hour range.
6. klapse_scaling_rate : Controls how soon the RGB reaches from daytime to target inside of start and stop hour range. Once target is reached, it remains constant till 30 minutes before
   stop hour, where target RGB scales back to daytime RGB.
7. brightness_factor : From the name itself, this value has the ability to bend perception and make your display appear as if it is at a lesser brightness level than it actually is at.
   It works by reducing the RGB values by the same factor. Values : 2-10, (10 means accurate brightness, 5 means 50% of current brightness, you get it)
8. brightness_factor_auto : A switch that allows you to automatically set the brightness factor in a set time range. Value : 0 = off, 1 = on
9. brightness_factor_auto_start_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be applied. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
10. brightness_factor_auto_stop_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be reverted to 10. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
11. backlight_range : The brightness range within which klapse should scale from daytime to target_rgb. Works only if #1 is 2. Values : MIN_BRIGHTNESS-MAX_BRIGHTNESS

Signed-off-by: Eliminater74 <eliminater74@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: energyspear17 <energyspear17@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael <loukerismichalis@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Dhruv <dhruvgera61@gmail.com>

---
## [everything8215/ff6tools](https://github.com/everything8215/ff6tools)@[fa24e20158...](https://github.com/everything8215/ff6tools/commit/fa24e201584187b42a3210bcdd249a5a306d0965)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 19:31:35 by everything8215

Add FF6 Monster Properties Byte 30 Flags

Added flags for monsters to have True Knight and Life 3 status. Thanks to OS for pointing out that this was missing. Life 3 seems to work as expected but True Knight will only work for a character using the Rage command.

---
## [Seo-Pt/weather-app](https://github.com/Seo-Pt/weather-app)@[530debb31e...](https://github.com/Seo-Pt/weather-app/commit/530debb31ebaae24bd90ab9a3934ab95649c274a)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 23:12:13 by Seo-Pt

Improved Theme Button

- Functionality of the theme button was greatly improved
- If the current month is Nov or Dec, the theme button will display a Santa emoji
- If the user wishes to, they launch the Christmas Theme by clicking the Santa emoji button
- Once the Christmas Theme is displayed, the button changes to a neutral emoji of Paints
- The button can be pressed again, which will return the Theme to Day or Night time mode
- The process can be repeated as desired
- Inspiration to change the functions from separate to cascading was found by reading https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Closures
- This has streamlined the process, reduced my repetition and made the code more understandable
- Allowed for more uniform usage of variables instead of changing them within each function
- Unresolved issue: all buttons no longer show a Pointer cursor upon hover, only the Default arrow. Perhaps this is due to the location of the Event Listeners?

---
## [etactica/core](https://github.com/etactica/core)@[1c6c9d27f3...](https://github.com/etactica/core/commit/1c6c9d27f38ecadafa609a522e54c36f74b48086)
#### Sunday 2021-11-21 23:20:53 by Karl Palsson

WIP: try and use "connections" instead of "via_device"

via_device appears to be hardcoded to only accept mqtt identifers,
connections kinda works?

(this includes some broken hacks on the _user flow)

(some damn commit hook reformatting!)

---

# [<](2021-11-20.md) 2021-11-21 [>](2021-11-22.md)

