# [<](2021-01-14.md) 2021-01-15 [>](2021-01-16.md)

2,646,050 events, 1,336,120 push events, 2,087,809 commit messages, 164,391,861 characters


## [pmmp/PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)@[a9f8afa077...](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP/commit/a9f8afa0779938068022e602c75a5edcc6266a6e)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 00:18:24 by Dylan K. Taylor

Banner: remove Deque usages
originally I introduced this to make it easier to implement the various APIs addPattern removePattern etc, but those were later removed in favour of simple getPatterns() and setPatterns(), allowing plugin developers to use ext-ds APIs to manipulate patterns.
However, ds poses a number of headaches because of mutability combined with by-ref semantics, which make it a pain to use these on the APIs because we can't guarantee that they won't be modified.
As much as arrays suck, they have two significant advantages over ext-ds: 1) they have copy-on-write semantics, and 2) they support PHP 8.0 without any extra work from me.

---
## [remanx2558/Paytm_task1](https://github.com/remanx2558/Paytm_task1)@[c385cbf07e...](https://github.com/remanx2558/Paytm_task1/commit/c385cbf07e5dc48c19a67443a5d20b7dcec68ba4)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 01:08:08 by remanx2558

Second Commit to Topic

Evaluation Process : Evaluation would NOT be done on your system. It would be a clean sandbox on a different machine. Code would be checked out from github, built on the command line and executed. With that, your code would be reviewed, graded and feedback provided in one-on-one review sessions.
You are given 4 files - 
1) ratings.data -- The full u data set, 100000 ratings by 943 users on 1682 items.
       Each user has rated at least 20 movies. Users and items are
       numbered consecutively from 1. The data is randomly
       ordered. This is a tab separated list of 
	     user id | item id | rating | timestamp. 
       The time stamps are unix seconds since 1/1/1970 UTC  
2) movies.data Information about movies; this is a tab separated
       list of
       movie id | movie title | release date | video release date |
       IMDb URL | unknown | Action | Adventure | Animation |
       Children's | Comedy | Crime | Documentary | Drama | Fantasy |
       Film-Noir | Horror | Musical | Mystery | Romance | Sci-Fi |
       Thriller | War | Western |
       The last 19 fields are the genres, a 1 indicates the movie
       is of that genre, a 0 indicates it is not; movies can be in
       several genres at once.
       The movie ids are the ones used in the ratings.data data set.
3) genre.data A list of the movie genres
4) user.data Demographic information about the users; this is a tab
       separated list of
       user id | age | gender | occupation | zip code
       The user ids are the ones used in the u.data data set.
Warm Up Problems : 
============
== Top Movie By Genre
== Top Movie By Year
== Top Movie By Year & Genre
== Most watched Movie
== Most watched Genre
== Highest rated Genre
== Most Active User
Problem Statement :
============ 
Given a user id, recommend 5 movies for that user. You should recommend a movie which the user has the highest probability of liking. You must not recommend a movie the user has already seen. Current data set is for 100K ratings. Final data set would be for 1M ratings. So make sure your solution can scale.

---
## [RuikangSun/MeiPianSpider](https://github.com/RuikangSun/MeiPianSpider)@[609a3e0450...](https://github.com/RuikangSun/MeiPianSpider/commit/609a3e0450608c07bf9f0e8836a84b4c9017a8be)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 02:16:50 by SunRuikang

Fuck You Notepad++

Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++    Fuck You Notepad++

---
## [MoyTW/Inform7](https://github.com/MoyTW/Inform7)@[f514213b41...](https://github.com/MoyTW/Inform7/commit/f514213b413238598d00b22386880d8497430e06)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 02:22:02 by MoyTW

Measured Liquids only does tenths of fluid ounces

I believe I can redefine the units used, which honestly we could do
worse than working in metric and converting but it sounds like a huge
pain.

Much like it is IRL, especially with the British Teaspoon being off from
our teaspoon, it's a huge friggin' pain though practically most recipes
are forgiving enough that it won't kill it, it's just...annoying.
ANNOYING.

---
## [MoyTW/Inform7](https://github.com/MoyTW/Inform7)@[1c7c08b18d...](https://github.com/MoyTW/Inform7/commit/1c7c08b18d852d45de761bf000ed4e9c1fceeed5)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 02:22:02 by MoyTW

Add Measured Liquids

Note that if you have no fluid containers after adding the extension it
won't compile, which is pretty funny. Not that you'd add it if you
didn't intend to add them but still, it messed me up thinking I got the
import wrong.

---
## [git/git](https://github.com/git/git)@[b3993f74c5...](https://github.com/git/git/commit/b3993f74c50256101f966d7906af40293af775c9)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 02:49:21 by Taylor Blau

packfile: prepare for the existence of '*.rev' files

Specify the format of the on-disk reverse index 'pack-*.rev' file, as
well as prepare the code for the existence of such files.

The reverse index maps from pack relative positions (i.e., an index into
the array of object which is sorted by their offsets within the
packfile) to their position within the 'pack-*.idx' file. Today, this is
done by building up a list of (off_t, uint32_t) tuples for each object
(the off_t corresponding to that object's offset, and the uint32_t
corresponding to its position in the index). To convert between pack and
index position quickly, this array of tuples is radix sorted based on
its offset.

This has two major drawbacks:

First, the in-memory cost scales linearly with the number of objects in
a pack.  Each 'struct revindex_entry' is sizeof(off_t) +
sizeof(uint32_t) + padding bytes for a total of 16.

To observe this, force Git to load the reverse index by, for e.g.,
running 'git cat-file --batch-check="%(objectsize:disk)"'. When asking
for a single object in a fresh clone of the kernel, Git needs to
allocate 120+ MB of memory in order to hold the reverse index in memory.

Second, the cost to sort also scales with the size of the pack.
Luckily, this is a linear function since 'load_pack_revindex()' uses a
radix sort, but this cost still must be paid once per pack per process.

As an example, it takes ~60x longer to print the _size_ of an object as
it does to print that entire object's _contents_:

  Benchmark #1: git.compile cat-file --batch <obj
    Time (mean ± σ):       3.4 ms ±   0.1 ms    [User: 3.3 ms, System: 2.1 ms]
    Range (min … max):     3.2 ms …   3.7 ms    726 runs

  Benchmark #2: git.compile cat-file --batch-check="%(objectsize:disk)" <obj
    Time (mean ± σ):     210.3 ms ±   8.9 ms    [User: 188.2 ms, System: 23.2 ms]
    Range (min … max):   193.7 ms … 224.4 ms    13 runs

Instead, avoid computing and sorting the revindex once per process by
writing it to a file when the pack itself is generated.

The format is relatively straightforward. It contains an array of
uint32_t's, the length of which is equal to the number of objects in the
pack.  The ith entry in this table contains the index position of the
ith object in the pack, where "ith object in the pack" is determined by
pack offset.

One thing that the on-disk format does _not_ contain is the full (up to)
eight-byte offset corresponding to each object. This is something that
the in-memory revindex contains (it stores an off_t in 'struct
revindex_entry' along with the same uint32_t that the on-disk format
has). Omit it in the on-disk format, since knowing the index position
for some object is sufficient to get a constant-time lookup in the
pack-*.idx file to ask for an object's offset within the pack.

This trades off between the on-disk size of the 'pack-*.rev' file for
runtime to chase down the offset for some object. Even though the lookup
is constant time, the constant is heavier, since it can potentially
involve two pointer walks in v2 indexes (one to access the 4-byte offset
table, and potentially a second to access the double wide offset table).

Consider trying to map an object's pack offset to a relative position
within that pack. In a cold-cache scenario, more page faults occur while
switching between binary searching through the reverse index and
searching through the *.idx file for an object's offset. Sure enough,
with a cold cache (writing '3' into '/proc/sys/vm/drop_caches' after
'sync'ing), printing out the entire object's contents is still
marginally faster than printing its size:

  Benchmark #1: git.compile cat-file --batch-check="%(objectsize:disk)" <obj >/dev/null
    Time (mean ± σ):      22.6 ms ±   0.5 ms    [User: 2.4 ms, System: 7.9 ms]
    Range (min … max):    21.4 ms …  23.5 ms    41 runs

  Benchmark #2: git.compile cat-file --batch <obj >/dev/null
    Time (mean ± σ):      17.2 ms ±   0.7 ms    [User: 2.8 ms, System: 5.5 ms]
    Range (min … max):    15.6 ms …  18.2 ms    45 runs

(Numbers taken in the kernel after cheating and using the next patch to
generate a reverse index). There are a couple of approaches to improve
cold cache performance not pursued here:

  - We could include the object offsets in the reverse index format.
    Predictably, this does result in fewer page faults, but it triples
    the size of the file, while simultaneously duplicating a ton of data
    already available in the .idx file. (This was the original way I
    implemented the format, and it did show
    `--batch-check='%(objectsize:disk)'` winning out against `--batch`.)

    On the other hand, this increase in size also results in a large
    block-cache footprint, which could potentially hurt other workloads.

  - We could store the mapping from pack to index position in more
    cache-friendly way, like constructing a binary search tree from the
    table and writing the values in breadth-first order. This would
    result in much better locality, but the price you pay is trading
    O(1) lookup in 'pack_pos_to_index()' for an O(log n) one (since you
    can no longer directly index the table).

So, neither of these approaches are taken here. (Thankfully, the format
is versioned, so we are free to pursue these in the future.) But, cold
cache performance likely isn't interesting outside of one-off cases like
asking for the size of an object directly. In real-world usage, Git is
often performing many operations in the revindex,

The trade-off is worth it, since we will avoid the vast majority of the
cost of generating the revindex that the extra pointer chase will look
like noise in the following patch's benchmarks.

This patch describes the format and prepares callers (like in
pack-revindex.c) to be able to read *.rev files once they exist. An
implementation of the writer will appear in the next patch, and callers
will gradually begin to start using the writer in the patches that
follow after that.

Signed-off-by: Taylor Blau <me@ttaylorr.com>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[dda4c8f739...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/dda4c8f739f562f4c02085931ec39db7e54a7214)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 03:03:42 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-01-14. See data notes for important messages.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

Upcoming changes (specific dates to be announced soon):

- The data structure of time series data will change in response to user feedback. This will only consist of adding additional columns to make the data easier to work with. The core columns will remain the same, for now. More details to follow. Initially, the updated dataset will be provided alongside the new dataset. After a time, the new data format will completely replace the old format.

Recent changes:

- 2021-01-08: The directories cases_extra and mortality_extra have been moved to other/cases_extra and other/mortality_extra.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, MB, ON); mortality (QC).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 64 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 8,878 due to the withdrawal of 1 death that the investigation has shown not to be attributable to COVID-19. Among these 64 deaths, 15 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 41 have occurred between January 7 and January 12, 4 have occurred before January 7 and 4 have occurred at an unknown date.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [dchacke/git-blog](https://github.com/dchacke/git-blog)@[1e0c87c5d4...](https://github.com/dchacke/git-blog/commit/1e0c87c5d4f20b3ac459df9f6a2f5b7be47acacc)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 04:37:35 by Dennis C Hackethal

# Governments Are Involuntary

The vast majority of citizens see governments as a good idea. They're convinced that without government, chaos would ensue. Many even think being forced to pay taxes is a good idea.

So, can we claim that most people consent to being governed?

I find it difficult to use the word "consent" to describe the attitude of those who do not *resist* government force. For something to be consent, it means that the person affected was asked and then agreed. The government does not ask any of its subjects if it may tax them, it just does it. And the absence of resistance is not consent.

To illustrate the distinction: if somebody shows up at your house with a group of bullies and an overwhelming amount of guns and threatens to shoot you if you don't come with them or even make so much as a wrong move, you may decide not to resist. But no Western court would consider your lack of resistance consent, and rightly so.

The present relationship between the government and its subjects is often referred to as a "contract" (Hobbes). A common claim is that those who do not want to sign the contract can just leave the country. That is not so, because the state has a monopoly on travel documents, so you're not free to leave without signing the contract first. Nor are you ever asked to sign it—the signature is implied by the lack of resistance to a threat of force. And a forced signature is null and void.

There's also a question as to whether the people who do "consent" to taxation came to that belief voluntarily, or if that belief was forced on them through years of coercion and brainwashing in school, in which case the problem is the same as that of the forced signature.

Some may assure you that they positively consent to paying taxes. People can be mistaken about the reasons for their beliefs and behaviors (cf. (see David Deutsch's [*The Beginning of Infinity*](https://www.amazon.com/Beginning-Infinity-Explanations-Transform-World/dp/0670022756/) (BoI) ch. 15). Those who think that it's okay that they're being forced to pay taxes remind me of adults who are glad that their parents forced them to, say, play the piano as a child. They're broken enough that they retrospectively condemn freedom and value force.

Schools are institutions that the state and *static memes* (BoI ch. 15) use in part to make sure children grow up to be tax payers that don't resist. Even better if those memes somehow get the child to believe that coercion is just a part of life, even a necessary one. There are many parallels between coercive government and coercive parenting.

I've written some about the purpose of schools here: http://www.gitpretty.com/dchacke/git-blog/863ddea

Lastly, there is the issue that some people are mistaken about what coercion and consent are. For example, an idea I run into from time to time says "it's not coercion if you receive something in return." The argument is that you receive, say, roads in exchange for paying taxes, so it's not really coercion. There are many problems with this, including that people have different preferences as to what they may want to buy with their money, and some value roads more than others. Another problem is that the victim of force in this example does not get a chance to agree or disagree—his agreement is (mistakenly) assumed because he receives a "benefit." His "participation" is completely passive and he becomes a mere pawn. The perpetrator can then also force the victim to do just about anything and give him something—*anything*—to justify their force and to shut the victim and bystanders up. In this power dynamic, the "benefit" is always going to be worth less than the extorted value—both in terms of the stolen money, and, more importantly, in terms of the freedom that is lost, which is priceless.

This last issue is reflected in coercive parenting when children are expected to be thankful to their coercive parents, if not in childhood then at least in adulthood. Some parents may even expect something in return—time, money, things—once their children are adults, which is awful. The parent may try to justify this by claiming that the child received a "benefit" which the parent now considers a loan that is due, especially if the parent made sacrifices "for" the child—even if the child never asked the parent to make sacrifices or consented to any of that. The parent has an overwhelming amount of force available to him over the child, so the child may choose not to resist, which, just as in the case of bullies knocking on your door, shouldn't be mistaken for consent.

In short: the absence of dissent or resistance does not imply consent, nor does anyone, even in the free world, consent to being governed or taxed. It's something that happens *to* them, not *with* them.

---
## [dchacke/git-blog](https://github.com/dchacke/git-blog)@[e90241e6eb...](https://github.com/dchacke/git-blog/commit/e90241e6eb7c8640f571a53fbc6d874535e4988c)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 05:22:11 by Dennis C Hackethal

# Lockdowns: Science vs. Morals

There are growing concerns that lockdown policies are not "based on science" but are, instead, [a totalitarian Chinese export](https://twitter.com/MichaelPSenger/status/1349505333652201474). The latter may be true—and seems to be—but that lockdowns are not scientific is not the biggest problem with them (assuming that indeed they aren't).

The thing is, even if lockdowns *were* scientific, that would say nothing about the *morality* of the situation. The argument that lockdowns aren't scientific runs the risk of being refuted tomorrow through new scientific findings. And it's still letting scientism off the hook too lightly.

Let's say the argument *were* refuted tomorrow. The moral problems would remain. Lockdowns would still be a horrendous evil.

Take an example where we know that the outcome of force, in purely scientific terms, is beneficial: that of forcing someone not to smoke. Or forcing them to exercise a few times a week. Scientifically speaking, their body will be healthier as a result of that force, and advocates of such force can always point to scientific evidence for that. It'd be "based on science."

And still, forcing people not to smoke is wrong. Forcing them to exercise is wrong. Force in general is wrong, and no amount of scientific evidence changes that.

The same goes for lockdowns. Even if there were overwhelming scientific evidence that locking people into their homes lowers transmission rates, death rates, what have you, *it would still be evil*.

To those concerned about ICU numbers, their loved ones, etc: *their is another way*. Lockdowns are not the only way. You can *persuade* people to stay home. And those who are vulnerable are free to stay home already, no lockdowns required.

That's why lockdowns are redundant: they lock down those who don't want to *in addition* to those who'd voluntarily do so. There's no added benefit to the latter group by having the former forced to stay home, too.

Voluntary self-isolation solves the moral problem and the medical problem.

But that won't convince lockdown supporters, because they're not after solving either of those problems. What they're really after—and [what they learned to do in school](http://www.gitpretty.com/dchacke/git-blog/863ddea)—is spreading altruism and forcing others to do what they think is right. Which is disgusting.

---
## [mysteriouspants/uDevGames.com](https://github.com/mysteriouspants/uDevGames.com)@[59151e5e0d...](https://github.com/mysteriouspants/uDevGames.com/commit/59151e5e0d637db608ea99a2f8a96e08315c31d9)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 07:21:34 by Christopher R. Miller

Migrate homepage, session workflow to Actix

Some initial thoughts:

Actix has fewer (no?) macros, so it's not magical. It's pretty clear
what it's doing and why.

The Handler contract can be frustrating to satisfy and the error
messages are somewhat cryptic. I found it somewhat challenging to make
sure it was done correctly.

I'm currently halting between two ideological positions, the first is
using Actix to plumb my application state and configuration into the
handlers (using Data) and the second is using some globals to do it out
of band.

- Data is advantaged in that the lifting is already done for me. There's
  really no additional effort.
- Data is disadvantaged in that it makes the handler's function
  arguments rather long. I'm not a fan of that.
- Conversely, globals are advantaged in that it keeps handler function
  arguments very short.

Currently the template engine is the only thing stuffed into a global to
emulate the API of Rocket regarding templates, but it's not completely
similar. In so doing I've noticed a subtlety of Rocket that I hadn't
noticed before, in that Template return type for handlers gets fed into
another Responder which pulls the template context out of the HTTP
request context - so it's effectively using Data again, only with less
boilerplate and ceremony.

If I can reduce the boilerplate in the ArcSwapOption pattern that may be
the way to go, or the other thing I've been considering is packaging up
the application state into a single context struct, so a single argument
in the handler gets everything - templates, database connection pool,
the works.

Something to ponder.

---
## [flleeppyy/kofi-darkmode](https://github.com/flleeppyy/kofi-darkmode)@[567470ad89...](https://github.com/flleeppyy/kofi-darkmode/commit/567470ad8904b4e144e98982de30a486a1817d23)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 07:34:19 by Flleeppyy

I would love to smash my head on my keyboard for this commit message
But that aint gonna cut it
- Converted over to SCSS
- Added Package.json
- Added build and watch scripts
- Add social image for Github embeds
- Remove more.dark.css (Not going to be working on it any time soon)
- Move contribute section in the readme

---
## [akeeba/releasemaker](https://github.com/akeeba/releasemaker)@[d5989b2b60...](https://github.com/akeeba/releasemaker/commit/d5989b2b60156d2d4e5ad066227df4088596f99a)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 08:09:29 by Nicholas K. Dionysopoulos

Send X-FOF-Token header on top of Authorization

I am having a massive what the actual fuck moment with macOS Big
Sur. Sending only the Authorization header results in a 403 from
the remote server and only when the server is not on my
localhost. Trying the same thing on Linux against the same live
server works fine. Using the X-FOF-Token header works on both
macOS Big Sur _and_ Linux.

I would think that maybe PHP is somehow compiled differently and
magically causes the Authorization header to be dropped. However,
this machine was upgraded from macOS Catalina, the PHP version
and its configuration remained intact on upgrade. Yet, the
Authorization header seems to magically disappear or have no
effect.

WHAT. THE. ACTUAL. FUCK!

---
## [odoo-dev/odoo](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo)@[1c8a958098...](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo/commit/1c8a95809852baefa851985507a07ac7f6465dc7)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 12:51:02 by Adrian Torres

[IMP] core: introduce `api.ondelete` decorator

With this commit, a new ORM api decorator is introduced:
`api.ondelete(*, at_uninstall)`.

This decorator is to be applied to Model methods that check for specific
business conditions when attempting to unlink a record via the
interface.

E.g. trying to unlink a validated journal entry

This decorator allows this logic to exist outside the `BaseModel.unlink`
method and is automatically bypassed when in uninstall mode, this means
that during an uninstall any and all data related to a module can and
will be removed easily and cleanly while still being able to apply
business logic to manual deletion of records.

This feature opens the gates to solving a very big problem with
uninstalls: records and tables that remain in a database despite the
relevant module being uninstalled, because if an override to unlink
raises an error, the data will never be deleted from the database.

Henceforth, overrides of unlink shall solely be used for data-cleaning
purposes, i.e. deletion or modification of data that is related to the
one currently being deleted but cannot be automatically deleted because
there are no proper SQL relations.

In certain very specific, low-level scenarios an unlink may be
overridden to raise an error, but this should only be done if you know
what the fuck you're doing, most of the time you'll want to resort to
`@api.ondelete`.

Note that this new decorator includes a keyword-only, required argument
called `at_uninstall`, in most business cases this argument shall be
False as this argument dictates whether or not this method should be
executed in the `unlink` call during uninstall. It should only be set to
True if you are certain of all the implications which most likely means
that the records of the model in which this ondelete function is defined
will NOT be removed during uninstall, they will forever linger in the DB
until manual intervention, this in turn can mean a wide range of
undefined problems due to crap left on the database.

Following commits will replace any `unlink` overrides that raise
business errors by methods decorated with `api.ondelete`, another commit
will introduce a pylint checker that will raise a warning any time that
an unlink override raises an error.

---
## [soyeonnnb/kokoa-challenges](https://github.com/soyeonnnb/kokoa-challenges)@[60777f8547...](https://github.com/soyeonnnb/kokoa-challenges/commit/60777f8547201ee1c1be74bd9cdcf9157fd98506)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 15:06:08 by soyeonnnb

make-music-application-210115

today, I coded the music application's singer selecting and playing part. I love blackpink, so I mainly used the blackpink's music...lol It took a lot of time,,, but I finally submitted my work. I'm very proud of myself!!!!!!!!! lol

---
## [janelane666/glacompagnie_v3](https://github.com/janelane666/glacompagnie_v3)@[7b825decef...](https://github.com/janelane666/glacompagnie_v3/commit/7b825decefc6095dabdc296e55cfdacaa6c50c9b)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 15:22:35 by Nicolas Lattemann

i hatemy life and this fucking project please kill me deliver me from this pain apis suck ass i dont wanna anymore i need meth; cocaine and weed to survive the daily horror i face

---
## [jspecify/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework](https://github.com/jspecify/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework)@[d78799f772...](https://github.com/jspecify/nullness-checker-for-checker-framework/commit/d78799f77278120c67cc064e70a92bb913ae83ae)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 16:34:40 by Chris Povirk

Revert "Hack to handle casting the result of a wildcard-returning method."

This reverts commit 9348e76115088149d55d9495a5c720a5f1d6cd34.

When testing against Guava, I discovered that that change produces a
StackOverflowError when code refers to `Enum<?>`.

I'm still not entirely sure why: The recursion goes through
NullSpecTypeAnnotator.visitWildcard and visitDeclared (which makes some
sense to me) but specifically through the super calls in both methods
(which makes less sense to me). I could have understood if the recusion
went through the new call to getAnnotatedType, but it does not. What's
especially strange is that we don't even modify the type that we pass to
the supertype significantly: We just attach a new annotation to it.
Perhaps something is being more eagerly initialized during the execution
of getAnnotatedType or isNullExclusiveUnderEveryParameterization?

Anyway, it's sad to undo the advance made by the original change, but
undoing it is a lesser evil than crashing.

Note that I have kept the part of subsequent commit
74f564f415046f6fc4e0200a7990a0db603db9c8 that changed getUpperBounds to
match the now-removed code in visitWildcard. If it causes us trouble, we
could revert it, too, since I'm not aware of any problem that it solved.

---
## [darthmall/dotfiles](https://github.com/darthmall/dotfiles)@[7ce388f3a4...](https://github.com/darthmall/dotfiles/commit/7ce388f3a44bb3fd9ede83215b306e08e5e187a0)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 16:39:47 by Evan Sheehan

Set Morning Dark color scheme from Base2Tone

Install the Base2Tone schemes and set Morning Dark for my Vim color
scheme. I don't love it, but it's not so full of bright colors that it
makes my eyes hurt and the contrast is much better than the base16
grayscale colors.

---
## [JannPe/tagefood_app](https://github.com/JannPe/tagefood_app)@[d93cc2697b...](https://github.com/JannPe/tagefood_app/commit/d93cc2697b000004d1ff9a10af1dbc9db6e9285e)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 17:45:06 by Jann

changed Map to Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner instead of todayB...

todo: retrieve week data and data for each meal from dataMap and feed it to pies, set up review page with in total 4 pie widgets, main, Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner

---
## [Kalightortaio/Items-Reforged](https://github.com/Kalightortaio/Items-Reforged)@[a3cf1a9511...](https://github.com/Kalightortaio/Items-Reforged/commit/a3cf1a9511d144be87e5ff2a8f7ab39a302f1be1)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 19:38:01 by Kalightortaio

v1.9

Items Reforged Patch v1.9
- Added options to enable/disable individual item changes.
- Lucky Foot will help you when you’re just a little bit short of a shop item, and gives a slight speed up.
- Little Steven scales with your damage. If the trinket baby bender is held, Little Steven deals much more damage.
- With Magic 8 Ball, players will proc the Crystal Ball effect upon taking damage, 10% of the time. Additionally, a fortune telling machine will be guaranteed to spawn every floor.
- Ghost Baby scales with your damage.
- Harlequin Baby scales with your damage.
- Black Bean makes your tears periodically explode with noxious gas.
- Betrayal causes charmed enemies to take 4x damage.
- Shard of Glass will deal contact damage back, and cause bleeding to enemies.
- Kamikaze synergies with item and bomb upgrades.
- Poke-Go will rarely spawn in champions.
- Friendly Ball item charges lowered to one charge.
- Fixed a bug regarding Void and Yum Heart
- Removed Pinkening Shears from Monster Manual
- Farting Baby will always provide mass room poison, scaling with your damage

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[2d02d10e86...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/2d02d10e862f04074e6c89657d7d8ac7a0467d44)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 20:46:31 by LemonInTheDark

Makes excited breakdowns independent of adding new turfs. This prevents the dreaded stationwide firelock, at least mostly, and moves us away from being dependant on room size. As a downside, we're closer then ever to ZAS. This also allows us to raise the breakdown timer and decrease the amount of overtime experienced in each tick. (#56081)

## About The Pull Request

This prevents the dreaded station-wide firelock, at least mostly, and moves us away from being dependent on room size. As a downside, we're closer then ever to ZAS, and the transition between pre-breakdown and post-breakdown is a lot more visible. This also allows us to raise the breakdown timer and decrease the amount of overtime experienced in each tick.

See video, I'm not sure I'm happy with the current rate, it does look somewhat shit. I'm considering tweaking the alpha curve for gas visuals to try and make it look less not good. [Video](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/326831214667235328/797766078389813298/2021-01-10_01-55-53.mp4)

Closes #56066

## Why It's Good For The Game

Station spanning excited groups are rarer, and will settle down more often. Cold things like space will cool down their group faster, preventing station spanning non updating excited groups.

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[106894cd2a...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/106894cd2a1b8ce0929dbb7a1c0eb3d307032500)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 22:07:38 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Makes excited breakdowns independent of adding new turfs (#240)

* Makes excited breakdowns independent of adding new turfs. This prevents the dreaded stationwide firelock, at least mostly, and moves us away from being dependant on room size. As a downside, we're closer then ever to ZAS. This also allows us to raise the breakdown timer and decrease the amount of overtime experienced in each tick. (#56081)

## About The Pull Request

This prevents the dreaded station-wide firelock, at least mostly, and moves us away from being dependent on room size. As a downside, we're closer then ever to ZAS, and the transition between pre-breakdown and post-breakdown is a lot more visible. This also allows us to raise the breakdown timer and decrease the amount of overtime experienced in each tick.

See video, I'm not sure I'm happy with the current rate, it does look somewhat shit. I'm considering tweaking the alpha curve for gas visuals to try and make it look less not good. [Video](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/326831214667235328/797766078389813298/2021-01-10_01-55-53.mp4)

Closes #56066

## Why It's Good For The Game

Station spanning excited groups are rarer, and will settle down more often. Cold things like space will cool down their group faster, preventing station spanning non updating excited groups.

* Makes excited breakdowns independent of adding new turfs

Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [MariaMod/Young-Maria](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria)@[2f728d6f05...](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria/commit/2f728d6f0580a38afa49d26cfb9609ad9f78e66a)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 22:21:42 by MilkyNail (MariaMod)

Add files via upload

- I added a lot of text by Rachael for shower scenes. There's a scene for a sister now. I added a couple of gifs and changed the code a bit
- Rachael changed some sentences
- She also has written a lot of text for cop scene (for every interaction and time of day)
- Another Rachael+Middlewared new scene. Now you can get banged by a teacher. You need 60 points of Corruption and a bit of luck
- Also, now you can have sex with Diego (the massager in the Beauty salon). There's a 20% chance, and you need more than 60 points of Corruption
- Grandpa can catch you when you are mating with Ralph (a 20% chance and more than 80 Corruption points). This scene has been written by our new writer - Plaze! 
- Now mom or dad can peek at you, taking a shower (from 20:00 to 21:00). Also, you may run into brother from 22:00 to 23:00
- Something else. Pretty much stuff no one remembers

---
## [Myllinerix/Bashing.Scripting](https://github.com/Myllinerix/Bashing.Scripting)@[a9c175ee2b...](https://github.com/Myllinerix/Bashing.Scripting/commit/a9c175ee2bb7a8cb63bb72027ea0abaf2f7245bc)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 22:30:25 by Myllinerix

Fixed an awful bug, that created quadrillion directories in your /mnt and tried to destroy everything you love.

---
## [Mattorious/Woodlands](https://github.com/Mattorious/Woodlands)@[a91fcba7f3...](https://github.com/Mattorious/Woodlands/commit/a91fcba7f324dce0455165b86cfdb7c660b02bb0)
#### Friday 2021-01-15 23:31:45 by Mattorious

Big Tile Changes

No longer using the foliage system bc it fucking sucks.

Instead, commiting static meshes that are manually placed to make environmental props. Tedious, but it'll work (unlike the stupid undocumented stupid fucking UE4 foliage system).

Also, some other minor maintence stuff - folder reorginizing and whatnot.

---

# [<](2021-01-14.md) 2021-01-15 [>](2021-01-16.md)

