# [<](2021-08-28.md) 2021-08-29 [>](2021-08-30.md)

2,100,595 events, 1,226,740 push events, 1,702,141 commit messages, 94,934,113 characters


## [Bugyna/Nix](https://github.com/Bugyna/Nix)@[8863f42dea...](https://github.com/Bugyna/Nix/commit/8863f42dea83507383e7cb2606c2418a040264ed)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 00:50:59 by M-Bugy

Over the past 14 days I did a lot of stupid shit in this

Can't remember what exactly though...
Mostly bugfixing and probably some abstraction
Planning to do some vim registers-level bullshit and also a lexer

---
## [Tictim/CEU](https://github.com/Tictim/CEU)@[4604621d89...](https://github.com/Tictim/CEU/commit/4604621d89d048c75bdc704cdfb600ab48c26a0e)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 02:19:24 by Tictim

build: Update to FG3, also fuck you CCL

Signed-off-by: Tictim <ksw07149@gmail.com>

---
## [EsmailELBoBDev2/EsmailELBoBDev2.github.io](https://github.com/EsmailELBoBDev2/EsmailELBoBDev2.github.io)@[d8471b97c9...](https://github.com/EsmailELBoBDev2/EsmailELBoBDev2.github.io/commit/d8471b97c9c78853b173ec5bf7689790863b4808)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 12:08:54 by EsmailELBoBDev2

FUCK YOU, MY WEBSITE IS BETTER!

1. Updated my socials.
2. NO MORE JS.
3. Now my blogs inside <description> so no need to visit my annoying website.

---
## [Thomasdezeeuw/log](https://github.com/Thomasdezeeuw/log)@[338f21c7ec...](https://github.com/Thomasdezeeuw/log/commit/338f21c7ec70d22f12f88bc1c2eac92434f6f125)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 12:15:12 by Thomas de Zeeuw

Add key-values to the macros

Attempt number two/three? Too many in any case.

Previously I proposed a design that following a structure like syntax:

info!("my message: {}", arg, {
    key1: "value1",
    key2: 123,
});

However it turns out that this does not work well with named arguments
as reported in issues #369 and #372. The implementation was eventually
reverted in pr #374.

This new design takes inspiration from the tracing crate which already
supports key-value pairs in logging events. The basic idea is to put the
key-value pairs before the message and arguments. Applying the same
structure like syntax as above we would get something like the
following.

info!({
    key1: "value1",
    key2: 123,
}, "my message: {}", arg);

But personally I'm not a big fan of this formatting, let's try putting
on a single line instead.

info!({ key1: "value1", key2: 123 }, "my message: {}", arg);

A little better, but at this point the structure like syntax is really
more annoying then helpful. So, instead I've done away it, opting
instead use the following syntax.

info!(key1 = "value1", key2 = 123, "my message: {}", arg);

Two major differences:
 * Removed the brackets.
 * Colons (:) are replaced with equal/assignment signs (=).

But then we run in some limitation of the macro syntax, specifically
that `expr` fragments aren't allowed after `expr` fragments. To fix this
I went with the easiest option of changing the last comma (,) after the
key-value pairs to a semi-colon (;). Make the finally syntax look like
the following.

info!(key1 = "value1", key2 = 123; "my message: {}", arg);
info!(target: "my_target", key1 = "value1", key2 = 123; "my message: {}", arg);
log!(target: "my_target", log::Level::Info, key1 = "value1", key2 = 123; "my message: {}", arg);

Which, in my opinion and all things considered, it's too bad looking.

---
## [Thomasdezeeuw/log](https://github.com/Thomasdezeeuw/log)@[1813a8143b...](https://github.com/Thomasdezeeuw/log/commit/1813a8143b0f1e12726c74c1c1b002a5914c167a)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 12:18:57 by Thomas de Zeeuw

Add key-values to the macros

Attempt number two/three? Too many in any case.

Previously I proposed a design that followed a `struct` like syntax:

```rust
info!("my message: {}", arg, {
    key1: "value1",
    key2: 123,
});
```

However it turns out that this does not work well with named arguments
as reported in issues #369 and #372. The implementation was eventually
reverted in pr #374.

This new design takes inspiration from the `tracing` crate which already
supports key-value pairs in logging events. The basic idea is to put the
key-value pairs before the message and arguments. Applying the same
structure like syntax as above we would get something like the
following.

```rust
info!({
    key1: "value1",
    key2: 123,
}, "my message: {}", arg);
```

But personally I'm not a big fan of this formatting, let's try putting
everything on a single line instead.

```rust
info!({ key1: "value1", key2: 123 }, "my message: {}", arg);
```

A little better, but at this point the structure like syntax is really
more annoying then helpful. So, instead I've done away it, opting
instead use the following syntax.

```rust
info!(key1 = "value1", key2 = 123, "my message: {}", arg);
```

Two major differences:
 * Removed the brackets.
 * Colons (`:`) are replaced with equal/assignment signs (`=`).

This gives us syntax similar to variable assignment.

But then we run in some limitations of the macro syntax, specifically
that `expr` fragments aren't allowed after `expr` fragments. To fix this
I went with the easiest option of changing the last comma (`,`) after
the key-value pairs to a semicolon (`;`). Making the final syntax look
like the following.

```rust
info!(key1 = "value1", key2 = 123; "my message: {}", arg);
info!(target: "my_target", key1 = "value1", key2 = 123; "my message: {}", arg);
log!(target: "my_target", log::Level::Info, key1 = "value1", key2 = 123; "my message: {}", arg);
```

Which, in my opinion and all things considered, it's too bad looking.

---
## [andrewtarzia/stk](https://github.com/andrewtarzia/stk)@[6d214ca325...](https://github.com/andrewtarzia/stk/commit/6d214ca3256e019abec63393303ace48eab59bf2)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 12:46:15 by Lukas Turcani

Add with_ids() (#364)

A type error has been discovered!

```python

a = stk.Alcohol(
    oxygen=stk.O(0),
    hydrogen=stk.H(1),
    atom=stk.C(2),
    bonders=(stk.C(2), ),
    deleters=(stk.O(0), stk.H(1)),
)

clone = a.with_atoms({
    0: stk.C(0),
})

# "oxygen" is actually a carbon!
oxygen = clone.get_oxygen()

```

The solution to this type error is to make the return type of
`with_atoms()` to return either `FunctionalGroup` or
`GenericFuncitonalGroup` as appropriate, but not the most derived type.

However, this is a problem because during construction, we need to make
clones, with different atom ids, but we also need to preserve the most
derived type, because this information may be used by reaction
factories to select an appropriate reaction.  For example, you might
want a specific bond order between alcohol and carboxylic acid
functional groups.

To get around this, I'm adding `with_ids`, it's just like`with_atoms`
except it only lets you change atom ids but not atom types. This means
that the most derived type can be returned. Internal use of
`with_atoms` has been replaced by `with_ids` so that the most derived
type can be preserved.

I am also adding `Bond.with_ids` so that you can use the same `dict`
when using `FunctionalGroup.with_ids` for bonds as well. Otherwise the
user would have to create an id map for the functional groups but an
atom map for bonds, and that's kind of annoying.

Other code changes:

* `src/stk/molecular/functional_groups/.../functional_group.py:260`: I
removed the `_with_atoms` method and replaced it with a new
implementation of `with_atoms`. The new implementation does not return
a clone of the most derived type, instead it always returns a
`FunctionalGroup` instance.
* `src/stk/molecular/.../generic_functional_group.py:63` Replaced the
`_with_atoms` implementation with an implementation of `with_atoms`,
which always returns a `GenericFunctionalGroup` instance.
* `src/stk/molecular/molecules/building_block.py:692`:  Here I removed
the use of `with_atoms` and did not replace it with `with_ids`.
`with_atoms` was being used here to minimize memory usage. I.e. the
functional groups held internally by the building block held the atoms
from `self._atoms`, rather than the atoms the user provided. This means
that the atoms which the user created / provided could be garbage
collected. Because `with_atoms` loses the most derived type, it can no
longer be used here and there is no way to replace its use here with
`with_ids`.
* `src/stk/.../placements_summary/atom_batch.py:45`: I replaced the use
of internal lists with internal tuples, just so that the immutability
is a bit more clear. The downside is an extra iteration, but
immutability is more important in my opinion.

---
## [darkreader/darkreader](https://github.com/darkreader/darkreader)@[904842eb6b...](https://github.com/darkreader/darkreader/commit/904842eb6b3299c1eed81f4b4e17d5282fa8394c)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 13:13:10 by Gusted

Fix compiling API (#5190)

- Since Typescript 4.2 some Helpers to transpile to 4.2 are deprecated/removed. This includes __spread and __spreadArrays https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript/pull/41523.
- We heavily use the spread syntax in Dark Reader and thus need those helper functions.
- Due the upgrade of 4.2, tslib was outdated and didn't had the new helper function `__spreadArray`.
- After good hours of skimming trough the compiler and using the wrong commands to update tslib(default to 1.x). manually updating it to 2.1 which includes this new functions https://github.com/microsoft/tslib/pull/133
https://github.com/microsoft/tslib/releases/tag/2.1.0
the API can be properly compiled again.
- Resolves #My personal issues with the API.

Note to myself: Now their are 2 versions installed `2.1.10` and `1.14.1` properly configuration setups should default to 2.1.10. But for sakes if I get into problems with this I hope I remember this note and don't waste some hours. Why `1.14.1`, I don't know. `npm --save-dev -E tslib` defaults to 1.14.1. It seems like an NPM bug `yarn add --dev -E tslib` gives the correct 2.1.10. Damn dependency hell =).

---
## [lineality/Online_Voting_Using_One_Time_Pads](https://github.com/lineality/Online_Voting_Using_One_Time_Pads)@[1b96756f30...](https://github.com/lineality/Online_Voting_Using_One_Time_Pads/commit/1b96756f304158f596ef54c0d38431eb82146bda)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 13:44:40 by Geoffrey Gordon Ashbrook

# Online_Voting_Using_One_Time_Pads Online Voting Using One Time Pads  # Contents: ## Part 1: Secure Online Voting in Principle ## Part 2: Practical Secure Online Voting  # Clarifying Goals and Questions:  - Main Goal: systematize secure online voting - Main Questions:  #### 1. Is secure auditable online voting possible in principle? #### 2. Is reliable online-vote-result-publishing possible in principle? #### 3. Can election-processes and election-results-publishing be feasibly, sustainably, pragmatically, realistically, implemented given real world limitations on resources?  #### 4. What are differences between ideal-maximum-security-systems and sufficiently-secure more-accessible or realistically-feasible systems?   To clarify goals and questions, below are two lists of questions. There is one list of questions that we are attempting to answer or resolve with this project, and there is another list of questions that we are NOT attempting to answer or resolve with this project. This clarification should help so that questions we are not asking do not get confused and mixed together with questions that we are asking.   ## Questions we are focusing on include the following:  1. Is secure over-a-network (online) voting possible? (Here 'secure' is defined as being 'as secure as a non-networked paper system.')  2. Is it possible for a voter to securely receive a ballot from a Vote-Office over a network (online)?  3. Is it possible for a voter to submit a ballot securely over a network (online)? 4. Is it possible for a voting-office to securely receive a completed ballot from the voter over a network (online)? [including: verifying what ballot was used, verifying who submitted the ballot, checking for over errors in filling out the ballot]  ## Questions we are NOT the focus of this project include the following:  1. NOT: Can online voting be absolutely effortless and perfectly ecstatic as an experience?  2. NOT: Can a person outside of the voting process be provably safe from any voter intimidation, coercion, brainwashing, threats, harassment, discouragement, etc?  3. NOT: Can a person make no mistakes while filling out their ballot? (Though some additional safeguards from this have been successfully used in some states.)  4. NOT: Can the physical offices of staff be absolutely impenetrable to a physical breakin or loss of records due to causes such as fires.  5. NOT: Can hecklers and trolls be prevented from criticizing, slandering, and defaming, the election and election process when or where there is nothing legitimate to criticize?  ## A debatably separate or peripherally related question may be: 1. Are there elements of the voting process that affect (encourage or discourage) participation in the voting process (from user interface to requirements for participation to schedules of voting)?  # Concept: Universal Procedures and Processes The view taken here is that 'voting' is a science-like process. Voting is based on procedures, numbers, measurements, feedback, and data. Voting is not based on not-operationally-defined essences, reifications, fears, dramas, feelings, threats, wishes, trust, authorization, belief-ness, faith, tradition, habit, permission, labels, etc. A vote is like a physical piece of machined metal; A vote exists or does not exist with the measurable features that it has, and these measurable features are and must be measurable and confirm-able by anyone who measures it. Any group of people who carry out the math-science-data process of sound voting have performed voting in a way that can be audited and measured and published. No group of people can skip or shortcut required math-science-data processes without having skipped those required math-science-data processes. As with a surgeon washing their hands before surgery, "trust" is a term better used to mean that you trust the surgeon is following best practice, though even then probably it is best to simply verify without trust. But under no circumstances can 'trust' replace or permit the skipping of required processes for people or groups however much they demand and violently enforce their unfounded exemption from required best practice. In other words, if a person or group says "You MUST trust me, so I do NOT need to wash my hands before performing surgery on you or processing your vote in a best practice auditable way", you are by definition being subjected to violence, coercion, fraud, and classically defined tyranny.   # Proposed Steps for Secure Online Voting  Rule 1: Problems must be solved in-person with the voter present and with that voter's proof of identification in the same way that the person would register to vote (and/or cast their vote in an in-person election).     Step 1: (During in-person registration)  Before the election ends: A person, e.g. in-person, with ID (identifiable as an eligible voter according to local rules), goes to the Vote-Office to register for the vote-over-a-network (with One-Time-Pad) (online voting) process.   (Note: A choice is to allow registration for more than one election. This issue relates to the form of the submitted ballot. For example:  #### A. ballots that have been (or can have been) designed at the time of registration and  #### B. standardized or truncated ballots containing just choices and not all the text of the ballot (possibly a choice (e.g. choice number) and the initials of the person's name as a second factor) and  #### C. whether whatever form of ballot is customized for each voter (e.g. with a custom-id, verifiable as going to and coming from that one voter) or whether the ballot is standardized (and verifiable as the standard ballot for that election or more standardized) )  Step 2: (During in-person registration)  For a given single vote-ballot in a given single election (note: multiple is another design option) there need to be four physical paper documents. One "pad" (as defined here) is two identical paper documents, one for each party (two parties, 1. The Voter and 2. The Vote-Office). Since there will be two "exchanges" (one (1) where the blank-ballot is sent to the voter, and another (2) where the filled-in-ballot is sent by the voter to the vote-office), there need to be two pads.   (Alternately the system could be streamlined to one pad for submitting a standardized public ballot, but this is less secure as it eliminates the ability of the voter to confirm that the ballot was sent by the vote-office and it also prevents the office from confirming that the ballot used was the same ballot sent by the vote-office to the voter. See below for more details.)   The additional step of having two pads (one being to send the voter a ballot) and not just one pad to inspect that ballot coming in has several advantages. 1. This allows the voter to verify that the ballot they are filling out comes from the Vote-Office at which they registered, and that only someone with physical access to the physical one time pad created at their time and place of registration has sent them this ballot. This allows for a comparison by the Vote-Office, likewise, of the ballot sent and the ballot received. The benchmark for success here is to be as secure as in-person all-paper voting. Just as it is possible (in theory) for a hostile group to physically take over a Vote-Office and issue people fake ballots, or send people fake mail-in ballots in the mail, this one-time-pad-vote-by-network proposal does not prevent such physical attacks on physical paper voting infrastructure. It does however create an extra layer verifications that can be used during and after the vote takes place, which in theory could also be used to security-harden an all in-person all-paper voting process to make it more secure and auditable. (Note: Another additional or alternative method for some of these checks may be cryptographic signing (with optional multiple signatures) from trusted authorities (Vote-Office, federal or state agency, universities, 3rd party certifiers, etc).     During the in-person one-time-pad-voter-registration: Two physical copies (e.g QR codes printed on paper) of two one-time-pads are created; one set of the two pads are stored (offline) by the local Vote-Office, the other set (pair) of one time pads is kept by the voter themselves (physically, offline). The software will print the one-time pads. The software will check (confirm, verify) the one-time pads. The software will erase thoroughly from memory (e.g. physically overwrite) any record of what the printed one-time-pads were. (Note, if this process is done off-line using a dedicated machine, the risk (attack-surface) of someone being able to take (exfiltrate) the one-time-pads is reduced. Especially if the custom machine does not have enough memory to store any old pads but can only process and re-write-over one pad at a time.)  Step 3: (During in-person registration) For the voting-office to send one ballot to one voter: The election office, offline (enforced by software), uses the first 1:2 of the pair of printed QR codes to create an 'encrypted' version of the ballot for that one voter.  Note: The ballot may be public, but it still needs to be verified. This illustrates the "verification" role sometimes lumped together with "security" and "encryption." The emphasis is not on 'hiding' the public ballot form, but on verifying that the specific ballot form that the voter is filling out is (identical to) the form that the local election office gave them.  Notes: It may be desirable to have a 'verified public ballot' as opposed to a 'private ballot' which in theory could vary from the standard public ballot (in a context of mapping out a potential attack space).  In the case that a truncated-submitted ballot is used, some way may be desired to, e.g. make a short hash of the original ballot itself (e.g. to convert the ballot by OCR or perhaps have a QR code on the ballot (though a QR on a ballot received by a voter code could be forged, whereas a hash made by the voter of the whole ballot could not be). Perhaps having a multi-pass OCR hash of a public ballot submitted with the vote to indicate that the correct ballot was used (again, in the case of a truncated submission, for a full ballot return the whole ballot is there)(also see asymmetric signing keys).  It may be possible to have both a public verified 'open' ballot format and some unique element for the voter to check that the ballot comes from the Vote-Office with the voters one-time-pad (such as a unique id code at the bottom or top of the ballot)  Step 4: (Sending out the not-yet-completed ballot) During the election period (be that months, weeks, days, hours, etc.), a one-time-pad 'encoded' ballot is sent [from the voting-office to the voter] by whatever agreed upon ("electronic" or non-paper) method (website, email, SMS-text, mobile-app, S3, api-endpoint, etc.) in the form of a QR code.  As an example method for a 'personalized ballot' an at-the-time randomized process of frame-shifting the ballot so that where exactly on the page each person's vote-choices appears is random, increasing the entropy of the unique ballot (e.g. so that the voting-office can increase confidence that the ballot they receive back from the voter is the one they set).   Step 5: (Receiving the not-yet-completed ballot) Using one piece of software, the voter offline (enforced by software, possibly hardware) 'decrypts' the ballot and then physically prints the ballot.  (Note: There is a choice here between using a public standardized ballot or a per-person ballot (e.g. with a unique id number or such, to verify that the ballot-form sent was the same as that received, or a short-form vote which contains just the choices and not all the text of the ballot.)  Step 6: (Validate the not-yet-completed Ballot) The voter off-line(enforced by software), inspects and validates that their digital scanned version of their not-yet-filled-out-ballot is the correct ballot-form intended for that election (e.g. not a tampered with or accidentally incorrect ballot). There are various and possibly multiple ways to check this (elaboration pending).  Step 7: (Complete the Ballot by Marking Votes) The voter, off-line(using pen and paper), fills out the ballot (selecting their vote choices), (details here may be important in some way: filling in a circle, selecting an option number, multi-factor, non-over-under-voting checks, etc.)  Step 8: (Digitize the Completed Ballot)  The voter, offline (enforced by software), scans (e.g. by taking a picture) the completed-filled-in paper ballot, creating not a photo but a document or table of information (so that the one-time-pad can convert character by character).   ~ Step: An optional intermediate step here is to have a 3rd set of offline-only software that will check the ballot before and or after it is filled out by the voter, such that this additional set of software can check for the "overvoting" (voting for both candidates) and "undervoting" (voting for neither candidate) issues as a safeguard (against accidentally-incorrectly filled-out-and-submitted ballots) and that perhaps Nevada has used successfully. See:  "Roll Off at the Top of the Ballot: Intentional Undervoting in American Presidential Elections" December 2003 Politics & Policy 31(4):575 - 594 DOI:10.1111/j.1747-1346.2003.tb00163.x Authors: Stephen Knack & Martha Kropf University of North Carolina at Charlotte https://www.researchgate.net/publication/227617394_Roll_Off_at_the_Top_of_the_Ballot_Intentional_Undervoting_in_American_Presidential_Elections   Another 'multifactor' check may be to both indicate a choice and give some information about that choice, e.g. option 2 and the first letter of that candidate's last name. If these do not match, the voter should be alerted to check their ballot selections. The voter, offline(enforced by software), scans (e.g. by taking a picture) the filled-out paper ballot.   Step 9: (Check completed ballot for errors) The voter confirms that the information in their (the voter's)  electronic scanned ballot is the same as the paper version of their (the voter's) filled out ballot. (Checking for errors.) (Note: Automated processes for checking ballots for standard mistakes.)  Step 10: (Encrypt Ballot) The voter off-line(enforced by software) uses the one-time-pad to 'encrypt' the completed ballot, producing a new QR code (which is then 'encrypted' ballot). All digital files of the unencrypted ballot are removed and the memory physically over-written on the voter's device. The paper copy of the voter's ballot can be saved for evidence or destroyed for privacy based on the voter's choice. (Note: signing signatures can be used with the printed ballot or QR-code to increase confidence that the ballot is authentic. This combines advantages of asymmetric encryption along with a physical printed paper trail for audits.)  Step 11: (submit encrypted ballot over network) Online: The voter sends their completed-ballot-QR-code (containing the voter's encrypted filled-in and checked ballot) to the local election office (sent by whatever agreed upon method (website, email, text, messaging software, shared storage (e.g. S3), api-endpoint, etc.)).  Step 12: Processing the Voter's Encrypted ballot: The local election office physically prints onto paper the QR code for the 'encrypted' filled out ballot, and then (double) checks (compares) to confirm that the physical print (of the electronically-sent QR code) is accurate/identical, and (if printing is accurate) deletes the digital record and the memory is physically over-written. 1. Print 2. Check 3. Delete  Step 13: (Processing the submitted ballots) Offline, using a separate piece of software, the local election office "decrypts" the QR code for the 'encrypted' completed(choices-filled-in) ballot using the second(2:2) of the pair of printed (pad)QR codes for the one-time pad, and physically prints on paper the voter's filled-in ballot.  (Note: one choice in designing the software is to directly-print-to-paper or to decrypt and display on a screen or possible save as a computer file) The voter's completed ballot is stored along with any completed paper ballot (e.g. mail-in ballots, or paper ballots delivered in person or filled out in person). (Note: depending on the details, an additional step may be needed to convert the format of the QR code (or abridged format) to the same format as an in-person ballot. For example, if only the vote choice data are recorded in the QR code (or abridged format) the exact placement of each printed character on paper may be needed or useful for manual or automated ballot counting).  Step 14: The printed ballot is counted with the other paper ballots of various kinds during the normal election ballot count process.  Note: These steps are not intended to cover the publication of voting results though that is a relevant question.   Note: Someone may wish to save a QR code as some form of record. There is no security need to carefully dispose of used QR codes after they is used because they are only used once; for example obtaining an old QR code (one time pad) will not in any possible way help to "decrypt" another future one-time-pad, one-time-pads are not similar to passwords in this way (leaking archived passwords would likely be considered some form of security breach, whereas accessing already disposed of QR codes is useless; literally a set of random  numbers that won't help anyone to do anything elicit, this is the point and function of a one-time-pad).    # Identifying Risks  Here we look at risks from bad-actors or bad-agents, especially from non-local agents such as foreign states / groups. An 'agent' may be anything from a single person to a group to an AI-bot or software suit, malware, ransomware, thinktank, etc. (or something unclear and not simple to identify) (note: other areas of risks should be explored, and may include: 1. constant 'internet background radiation,' 2. unintentional user-misuse 3. unintentional administrative bungling, 4. oversights and biases (e.g. setting up a voting system and obsessing so much over absolutely obscure vote secrecy that vote auditing and best practice domestic and international observation of the vote process is impeded, impracticable, or impossible), 5. practical feasibility vs. ideals in principle (possibly similar to "letting the perfect be the enemy of the good') 6. software design problems that cause time, logistical, or reliability problems, 7. etc.)  1. a bad-agent will intercept one-time-pads: - the agent would need to be physically in the room during the QR code creation, to break into the gov. office, or to physically steam from the person, without anyone knowing the QR codes were stolen.   - the one-time-pads are never stored digitally anywhere, but are only physically printed by an off-line computer.  - if the voter loses the QR code the person should cancel the process  2. a bad-agent will send the voter a fake ballot: - additional step: there can be additional checks such as a passphrase chosen by the person which could not be electronically surveilled from any computer (e.g. written in pen on the QR pad)   3. A bad-agent will send the gov. a fake filled-in ballot: - 3.1  The agent would need to have both stolen QR codes and a stolen ballot that was sent to the voter. - 3.2  If the voter loses the QR code the person should cancel the process. 	 4. a bad-agent will record a fake record of the vote from the ballot: - while a possible risk, this process is the same as for any paper ballot  5. a bad-agent will act on the behalf of a participant without their participation  6. a bad-agent will attempt to tamper with a public ballot  7. a bad-agent will attempt to tamper with public ballot-confirmation information  8. a bad-agent will attempt to tamper with voting instructions and information about voting procedures  9. a bad-agent will attempt to tamper with vote reporting including any information put out by a Vote-Office or authority.   # Description Notes: This is a proposed process for reasonably secure 'online (over a network) voting.' Part of design is that the entire process is not on-line. Rather, physical printed materials and off-line computers are used to reduce the online attack surface. You can feasibly steal or tamper with a file in a network-connected computer from a remote location, but you cannot feasibly tamper with or steal documents in a filing cabinet from a computer connected to the internet. This particular solution is not a perfect-for-all-cases solution. E.g. This will not be easy to use for persons who cannot ever travel themselves to a gov. office or polling place.    # Implementation Notes: These are recommendations for a reasonably secure online voting system that should not be significantly more cumbersome than a physical paper voting system.  To make accessibility easier, it is conceivable that some local voting systems would prefer to simplify some of the security step to allow broader accessibility: - voters who have no access to a printer - voters who cannot physically travel (e.g. elderly persons in retirement home or hospital), perhaps allowing a proxy to carry documents for that person.   Additional steps could also be taken to increase the security further.  For example:   1. to reduce the possibility that local staff will accidentally connect to the internet or run the software on insecure or already compromised hardware, it should be possible to create a cost effective system where staff could run a custom made operating system (custom BSD or Linux or FreeDOS, etc) that lacks the ability to use the internet. It may also be possible to use cost effective hardware such as a $40 raspberry pi computer.   2. Put safeguards into the software to at least try to prevent using the same one-time-pad more than once.   ## unique ballots: At this time or at a later time (depending on choice, timing, etc. (e.g. if the ballot has been decided which is often not the case at the time of voter registration or if in terms of security level if the voter does not trust a physical breakin of the vote office and wants in advance a verifiable ballot) (offline) a printed copy of a unique ballot (e.g. containing if not the voter's name the equivalent of a sha256 hash of the unique ballot). Either a unique ballot or a unique ballot identification number will be used on both ends, by the voter to check that the ballot they receive is authentic and by the office that the ballot received completed and sent by the voters is authentic.    ## Challenges:  One possible area that may cause issues is if the office or voter is 'unable' to scan or take a clear photo of the document, in the same way that some people are 'unable' (which ranges from people having legitimate handicaps to people not bothering to try) to take a clear picture of their check for their bank (so a less secure non-printed option may be desired in some cases). It is also possible that OCR (optical character recognition) may not be good enough to read the ballot, but given the use of OCR to read more obscurely printed checks etc., this is probably not a terminal obstacle.  The task may not be so much subtle character recognition as binary check-box selection. An exception to this may be write-in ballots which do occur, where some other system may be needed. Though even here, OCR and having the vote double-check to see that the OCR is correct may be sufficient.    # About One Time Pads A one-time-pad is not the same as a re-use-able 'code' the 'encodes' a signal that can then also be 'decoded,' though the terminology can be a bit unclear in overlapping between the two.   There is no pattern or system behind a one-time-code that can be outsmarted or 'cracked.' The only way to 'decode' a one time pad 'encrypted' message is with the pad, because it is a one-by-one, one-for-one, one character at a time, change of what the original text says.  One-time-pads codes are not as efficient and user friendly as 're-use-able' codes, but they are more secure and more simple.   ...  Q: Is there a lower-tech version with reasonable security for places with limited resources?  ...  # A Low tech version of online voting for realistic implementation  For example, some voting locations (or regions) may not have:  1. printers, ink, and paper 2. extra air-gapped computers 3. a physical location to securely store paper files  Most locations should have: 1. basic mobile phones 2.    Writing down the numbers and confirming with picture (no printers needed) may be able to replace a printed QR code system while still having a paper-backup form, if only as an option (e.g. you cannot hack into and change a piece of paper).   Maybe separate air-gapped mobile devices would be feasible, or perhaps a more decentralized system would be more secure.   # A revised thrifty-protocol for resource limited areas: (section under construction)  ## Practical Voting The goal here is more practical and less abstract. How can a local community organize and carry out a best practice audible vote and publish the results using widely available and accessible technology (such as mobile phones).   Thrifty voting systems may make more use of available multi-factor authentication and less use of equipment-expensive methods (such as dedicated printing and scanning machines).   There should be some option for physical printed documents, but there will most likely be more use of non-paper methods for a thrifty resource-slim and more user-friendly system.   Other methods such as chains-of-trust may be useful to harden thrifty online systems.  General Revisions for Thrifty-Secure-Voting: 1. no physical printed copies or separate air-gapped hardware ?. one pad per set of elections vs. two pads per single election   ## Proposed Steps for Secure Online Voting (section under construction)  Rule 1: If there is a problem it must be solved in-person by the voter with proof of identification, in the same way that the person would register to vote and/or cast their vote.    Step 1: Before the election ends: A person, e.g. in person, with ID (or a witness, however ID is confirmed in a given area), goes to the Vote-Office to register for the One-Time-Pad Vote-Over-a-Network (online voting) process.   Step 2: During the in-person one-time-pad-voter-registration: two physical copies (e.g QR codes) of two one-time-pads are created, one set of the two pads are stored (offline) by the local Vote-Office, the other set (pair) of one time pads is kept by the voter themselves (physically, offline). If there is no printer, a short-form ballot one time pad good for several ballots may be hand written and OCR-checked on a wallet-card sized card or paper.  A short-form or truncated ballot may contain, e.g., the number of the option-choice and perhaps a first/last letter in the candidates name (which could also serve as a check, similar to an empty choice check, if the name-letter does not agree with the number option). Two-factor-no-nul voting? Note: Write-in may be an issue for the truncated ballot.   The software will print the one-time pads, or hand written. The software will check the one-time pads (by OCR?). The software will erase thoroughly from memory (e.g. physically overwrite) any record of what the printed one-time-pads were.  Note: a log of already used one-time-pads to check against...?  Step 3: The election office, offline (enforced by software), uses the first 1:2 of the pair of "printed" (not on a screen) QR codes to create an 'encrypted' version of the ballot for that one voter alone.  Note: The -ballot may be public, but it still needs to be verified. This illustrates the "verification" role sometimes lumped together with "security" and "encryption." The emphasis is not on 'hiding' the public ballot form, but on verifying that the specific ballot form that the voter is filling out is (identical to) the form that the local election office gave them.  Note: it may be desirable to have a 'verified public ballot' as opposed to a 'private ballot' which in theory could vary from the standard public ballot (in a context of mapping out a potential attack space).   Step 4: During the election period (be that months, weeks, days, hours, etc.), a one-time-pad 'encoded' ballot is sent by whatever agreed upon method (website, email, text, snapchat, S3, api-endpoint, etc.) in the form of another QR code. Part of this process is an at-the-time randomized process of frame-shifting the ballot so that where exactly on the page each person's vote-choices appears is random.   Step 5: Using one piece of software, the voter offline(enforced by software, possibly hardware) 'decrypts' the ballot and then physically prints the ballot.  Step 6: The voter, off-line(using pen and paper), fills out the ballot (selecting their votes),   Step 7: The voter, offline(enforced by software), scans (e.g. by taking a picture) the filled-out paper ballot.   ~ step: an optional intermediate step here is to have a 3rd set of offline-only software that will check the ballot before and or after it is filled out by the voter, such that this additional set of software can check for the "overvoting" (voting for both candidates) and "undervoting" (voting for neither candidate) issues as a safeguard (against accidentally-incorrectly filled-out-and-submitted ballots) and that perhaps Nevada has used successfully. See:  "Roll Off at the Top of the Ballot: Intentional Undervoting in American Presidential Elections" December 2003 Politics & Policy 31(4):575 - 594 DOI:10.1111/j.1747-1346.2003.tb00163.x Authors: Stephen Knack & Martha Kropf University of North Carolina at Charlotte https://www.researchgate.net/publication/227617394_Roll_Off_at_the_Top_of_the_Ballot_Intentional_Undervoting_in_American_Presidential_Elections   Step 8: The voter off-line(enforced by software) inspects and validates that their version of their ballot is correct and verified,  .  Step 9: The voter off-line(enforced by software) uses the one-time-pad to 'encrypt' the ballot, producing a new QR code. All digital files of the unencrypted ballot are removed and the memory physically over-written.  Step 10: Online: The voter sends (by whatever agreed upon method (website, email, text, snapchat, S3, api-endpoint, etc.)) the new QR code (containing their encrypted filled-in and checked ballot) to the local election office.  Step 11: The local election office physically prints onto paper the QR code for the 'encrypted' filled out ballot and deletes the digital record and the memory physically over-written.  Step 12: Offline, using a separate piece of software, the gov. office "decrypts" the QR code for the 'encrypted' filled out ballot using second 2:2 of the pair of printed QR codes for the one-time pad, and physically prints on paper the voter's filled-in ballot. The voter's completed ballot is stored along with any completed paper ballot (e.g. mail-in ballots, or paper ballots delivered in person or filled out in person).  Step 13: The printed ballot is counted with the other paper ballots of various kinds during the normal election ballot count process.  Note: It is not clear that saving the QR codes serves any function, nor is there any need to carefully dispose of a QR code after it is used.   What kind of software (singular or plural) would be needed to arrange an secure election?  Could some form of blockchain made of election participants be used as a decentered election results platform?   Features of a software package: 1. secure messages between office and voter? (one time pad?) 2. secure voting platform 2.1 voter registration 2.# send or assign ballots 2.# fill out ballot 2.#  2.# process votes 2.# produce results report 2.#  2.# schedule election 2.# publish results report  Mode 1: remote vote office  Mode 2: decentralized vote office  Maybe each 'election' will have a different signing key to verify?  software platforms/languages:     # (mitigation of insecure local voting headquarters) 2nd step of recording / publishing vote: Uuid type random key-field Fuzzy time stamp (month year?) unix epoch   2. Using a modified blockchain to store results: - e.g. university trusted node anchors - maybe full-chain so no retroactive? - slower but more robust? - smaller number of participants? (or pooled participants?) - containing hash and voting record?      ....  Possible Multi-factor Authentication Tools: 1. voice print 2. picture of hand (for fingerprints) 3. one time pad 4. specific device tracking 5. device gis location 7. ip / mac address details (vpn issues?) 6. separate confirmation login (to confirm vote record (device, voice, etc.) after it has been processed and recorded) 7. face-selfie (time GIS stamped picture of person casting vote) 8. video of person voting (more secure than static selfie? or smaller-file 'encoding' (e.g. auto-encoder) of video of person voting  (plus) 1. public security log data/meta-data to be inspected by anyone about the system    Additional Questions: 1. What additional vote process transparency information should be included with vote results publishing?  https://github.com/lineality/Auditable_Elections_Projects   ...  Case Studies in Election Disruption and Resiliance: - - -  ...  ## A Voting Rules And Procedures Statement  As part of an election, other publicly stated 'open' policy and procedure information is important in addition to the ballot itself.  - rules, policies, and procedures for how rules, policies, and procedures for voting are made, unmade, and changed - time and data on opening and closing of poles for a given election - times places methods for ways of voting allowed - rules, policies, and procedures schedule for repeating elections - specific schedule for repeating elections (e.g. this is a run-off vs. this election is held every 2 years) - rules for calling elections - Repeating or other type of election - Place of election - Government Structures and Levels - Vote-Office information (location, head?, contact, reporting?) - Chain of Command within and above Vote-Office - rules, policies, and procedures contacting media or watchdogs about suspicious anything (emails, threats, voter intimidation, etc.)  - rules, policies, and procedures for eligibility - rules, policies, and procedures for voter-registration - rules, policies, and procedures for per way to vote - rules, policies, and procedures for election audits (required audits, optional audits) - rules, policies, and procedures for election-results-challenge - rules, policies, and procedures for recount (automatic recounts, type of recount, etc.) - ules, policies, and procedures for overruling-election-results e.g. by gov. branches, evidence requirements - rules, policies, and procedures for chain of custody of election materials, equipment, etc., Provenance    - rules, policies, and procedures for announcing and publishing results  - rules, policies, and procedures for reporting information about the vote: procedures, voter enrollment and participation numbers, etc.  - Should there be a 'log' of who makes changes to procedures and how? - rules, policies, and procedures for election and ballot counting observation - rules, policies, and procedures for exit polls (what collected, from whom, released when) - rules, policies, and procedures for meetings and correspondence transparency around voloting infrastructure and offices and resources - rules, policies, and procedures for foreign domestic local and internal interference with the attacks on the election process - rules, policies, and procedures for voter registration - rules, policies, and procedures for voter identification  - For evaluation of best practice, performance, and ethics: standards, guidelines, benchmarks and audit materials - rules, policies, and procedures for raw vote results (including ranked-choice etc.) - rules, policies, and procedures for choosing vote calculation method - rules, policies, and procedures for vote calculation method (e.g. how different numbers of candidates are handled, e.g. 2 vs. not-2) - rules, policies, and procedures for specific-used vote calculation method

---
## [Subc2/NetHack-Android](https://github.com/Subc2/NetHack-Android)@[6daa6e2de9...](https://github.com/Subc2/NetHack-Android/commit/6daa6e2de9d26cccc27104f534e3dd44fbcc8636)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 14:45:35 by PatR

curing deafness

Make healing magic which cures blindness also cure deafness.  So,
drinking non-cursed potion of healing or any extra healing or full
healing; breathing fumes from blessed potion of healing or non-cursed
potion of extra healing or any potion of full healing; prayer reward
to cure blindness as a minor trouble.  (Doesn't affect unicorn horns
which already treat deafness and blindness as two distinct troubles
that are eligible to be cured.)

More of a missing feature than a bug fix, so I listed it in the new
features section of the fixes file.

---
## [s-vahe/Privacy-Policy](https://github.com/s-vahe/Privacy-Policy)@[5b41dc67aa...](https://github.com/s-vahe/Privacy-Policy/commit/5b41dc67aada4f1152b76ab12c5afb3d1ecc6d55)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 15:06:03 by s-vahe

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy
Vahe Soghomonyan built the The Pig - Runner app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Vahe Soghomonyan at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at The Pig - Runner unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Unity
Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Service Providers

I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-08-29

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at ivahesoghomonyan@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator

---
## [yadij/squid](https://github.com/yadij/squid)@[2b6b1bcb86...](https://github.com/yadij/squid/commit/2b6b1bcb8650095c99a1916f5964305484af7ef0)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 15:29:29 by Alex Rousskov

Bug 5055: FATAL FwdState::noteDestinationsEnd exception: opening (#877)

The bug was caused by commit 25b0ce4. Other known symptoms are:

    assertion failed: store.cc:1793: "isEmpty()"
    assertion failed: FwdState.cc:501: "serverConnection() == conn"
    assertion failed: FwdState.cc:1037: "!opening()"

This change has several overlapping parts. Unfortunately, merging
individual parts is both difficult and likely to cause crashes.

## Part 1: Bug 5055.

FwdState used to check serverConn to decide whether to open a connection
to forward the request. Since commit 25b0ce4, a nil serverConn pointer
no longer implies that a new connection should be opened: FwdState
helper jobs may already be working on preparing an existing open
connection (e.g., sending a CONNECT request or negotiating encryption).

Bad serverConn checks in both FwdState::noteDestination() and
FwdState::noteDestinationsEnd() methods led to extra connectStart()
calls creating two conflicting concurrent helper jobs.

To fix this, we replaced direct serverConn inspection with a
usingDestination() call which also checks whether we are waiting for a
helper job. Testing that fix exposed another set of bugs: The helper job
pointers or in-job connections were left stale/set after forwarding
failures. The changes described below addressed most of those problems.


## Part 2: Connection establishing helper jobs and their callbacks

A proper fix for Bug 5055 required answering a difficult question: When
should a dying job call its callbacks? We only found one answer which
required cooperation from the job creator and led to the following
rules:

* AsyncJob destructors must not call any callbacks.

* AsyncJob::swanSong() is responsible for async-calling any remaining
  (i.e. set, uncalled, and uncancelled) callbacks.

* AsyncJob::swanSong() is called (only) for started jobs.

* AsyncJob destructing sequence should validate that no callbacks remain
  uncalled for started jobs.

... where an AsyncJob x is considered "started" if AsyncJob::Start(x)
has returned without throwing.

A new JobWait class helps job creators follow these rules while keeping
track on in-progress helper jobs and killing no-longer-needed helpers.

Also fixed very similar bugs in tunnel.cc code.


## Part 3: ConnOpener fixes

1. Many ConnOpener users are written to keep a ConnectionPointer to the
   destination given to ConnOpener. This means that their connection
   magically opens when ConnOpener successfully connects, before
   ConnOpener has a chance to notify the user about the changes. Having
   multiple concurrent connection owners is always dangerous, and the
   user cannot even have a close handler registered for its now-open
   connection. When something happens to ConnOpener or its answer, the
   user job may be in trouble. Now, ConnOpener callers no longer pass
   Connection objects they own, cloning them as needed. That adjustment
   required adjustment 2:

2. Refactored ConnOpener users to stop assuming that the answer contains
   a pointer to their connection object. After adjustment 1 above, it
   does not. HappyConnOpener relied on that assumption quite a bit so we
   had to refactor to use two custom callback methods instead of one
   with a complicated if-statement distinguishing prime from spare
   attempts. This refactoring is an overall improvement because it
   simplifies the code. Other ConnOpener users just needed to remove a
   few no longer valid paranoid assertions/Musts.

3. ConnOpener users were forced to remember to close params.conn when
   processing negative answers. Some, naturally, forgot, triggering
   warnings about orphaned connections (e.g., Ident and TcpLogger).
   ConnOpener now closes its open connection before sending a negative
   answer.

4. ConnOpener would trigger orphan connection warnings if the job ended
   after opening the connection but without supplying the connection to
   the requestor (e.g., because the requestor has gone away). Now,
   ConnOpener explicitly closes its open connection if it has not been
   sent to the requestor.

Also fixed Comm::ConnOpener::cleanFd() debugging that was incorrectly
saying that the method closes the temporary descriptor.

Also fixed ConnOpener callback's syncWithComm(): The stale
CommConnectCbParams override was testing unused (i.e. always negative)
CommConnectCbParams::fd and was trying to cancel the callback that most
(possibly all) recipients rely on: ConnOpener users expect a negative
answer rather than no answer at all.

Also, after comparing the needs of two old/existing and a temporary
added ("clone everything") Connection cloning method callers, we decided
there is no need to maintain three different methods. All existing
callers should be fine with a single method because none of them suffers
from "extra" copying of members that others need. Right now, the new
cloneProfile() method copies everything except FD and a few
special-purpose members (with documented reasons for not copying).

Also added Comm::Connection::cloneDestinationDetails() debugging to
simplify tracking dependencies between half-baked Connection objects
carrying destination/flags/other metadata and open Connection objects
created by ConnOpener using that metadata (which are later delivered to
ConnOpener users and, in some cases, replace those half-baked
connections mentioned earlier. Long-term, we need to find a better way
to express these and other Connection states/stages than comments and
debugging messages.


## Part 4: Comm::Connection closure callbacks

We improved many closure callbacks to make sure (to the extent possible)
that Connection and other objects are in sync with Comm. There are lots
of small bugs, inconsistencies, and other problems in Connection closure
handlers. It is not clear whether any of those problems could result in
serious runtime errors or leaks. In theory, the rest of the code could
neutralize their negative side effects. However, even in that case, it
would only be a matter of time before the next bug bites us due to stale
Connection::fd and such. These changes themselves carry elevated risk,
but they get us closer to reliable code as far as Connection maintenance
is concerned. Without them, we will keep chasing deadly side effects of
poorly implemented closure callbacks.

Long-term, all these manual efforts to keep things in sync should become
unnecessary with the introduction of appropriate Connection ownership
APIs that automatically maintain the corresponding environments (TODO).


## Part 5: Other notable improvements in the adjusted code

Improved Security::PeerConnector::serverConn and
Http::Tunneler::connection management, especially when sending negative
answers. When sending a negative answer, we would set answer().conn to
an open connection, async-send that answer, and then hurry to close the
connection using our pointer to the shared Connection object. If
everything went according to the plan, the recipient would get a non-nil
but closed Connection object. Now, a negative answer simply means no
connection at all. Same for a tunneled answer.

Refactored ICAP connection-establishing code to to delay Connection
ownership until the ICAP connection is fully ready. This change
addresses primary Connection ownership concerns (as they apply to this
ICAP code) except orphaning of the temporary Connection object by helper
job start exceptions (now an explicit XXX). For example, the transaction
no longer shares a Connection object with ConnOpener and
IcapPeerConnector jobs.

Probably fixed a bug where PeerConnector::negotiate() assumed that
sslFinalized() does not return true after callBack(). It may (e.g., when
CertValidationHelper::Submit() throws). Same for
PeekingPeerConnector::checkForPeekAndSpliceMatched().
 
Fixed FwdState::advanceDestination() bug that did not save
ERR_GATEWAY_FAILURE details and "lost" the address of that failed
destination, making it unavailable to future retries (if any).

Polished PeerPoolMgr, Ident, and Gopher code to be able to fix similar
job callback and connection management issues.

Polished AsyncJob::Start() API. Start() used to return a job pointer,
but that was a bad idea:
    
* It implies that a failed Start() will return a nil pointer, and that
  the caller should check the result. Neither is true.

* It encourages callers to dereference the returned pointer to further
  adjust the job. That technically works (today) but violates the rules
  of communicating with an async job. The Start() method is the boundary
  after which the job is deemed asynchronous.
    
Also removed old "and wait for..." post-Start() comments because the
code itself became clear enough, and those comments were becoming
increasingly stale (because they duplicated the callback names above
them).

Fix Tunneler and PeerConnector handling of last-resort callback
requirements. Events like handleStopRequest() and callException() stop
the job but should not be reported as a BUG (e.g., it would be up to the
callException() to decide how to report the caught exception). There
might (or there will) be other, similar cases where the job is stopped
prematurely for some non-BUG reason beyond swanSong() knowledge. The
existence of non-bug cases does not mean there could be no bugs worth
reporting here, but until they can be identified more reliably than all
these benign/irrelevant cases, reporting no BUGs is a (much) lesser
evil.

TODO: Revise AsyncJob::doneAll(). Many of its overrides are written to
check for both positive (i.e. mission accomplished) and negative (i.e.
mission cancelled or cannot be accomplished) conditions, but the latter
is usually unnecessary, especially after we added handleStopRequest()
API to properly support external job cancellation events. Many doneAll()
overrides can probably be greatly simplified.

---
## [juniorvigneault/grief_project](https://github.com/juniorvigneault/grief_project)@[168a5dbd2b...](https://github.com/juniorvigneault/grief_project/commit/168a5dbd2bf506f2921961148068d7cdfac1b910)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 15:42:10 by miamiv1ce

Grief Project

+ OMG!!! I did so much work without committing. Basically all the elements from my denial game are there, I just have to figure out exactly how you win/lose and if there is a time element and stuff. I'm wondering if I make it really hard (almost impossible) and so no matter what you do you fail (but still go on to the next step) so then you just get points along the way or something. Don't know if that actually makes sense.  So right now I have a pretty simple game with that is not too difficult, which is also interesting because it makes denial sound like a really simple process when it's not in reality. So do I want to play on the fact that it's a simple and easy game or make it really hard and make the user feel helpless. MMmMMMM. DONNNO. Will go eat a peach. bye

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[cc58b11c1d...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/cc58b11c1d065a6cb45fcbc49f1ca81508563a8e)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 17:21:05 by gammafunk

feat: Rework many aspects of Ice Cave maps (hellmonk)

Many ice cave maps don't define variants for the hard difficulty version
of the portal that places at later levels, which means less map variety
at these locations. Additionally, terrain in many maps includes freezing
vapour generators that are randomly placed, leading to annoying gameplay
and many out-of-LOS collateral monster kills. Many maps place large deep
water areas that are either completely enclosed with rock or lead to
spoilery dead ends with no gameplay relevance. Finally, some maps share
common functions and data for defining thematic monsters and loot, but
these are a patchwork that's not used consistently among all maps. This
commit addresses these issues.

Partially based on hellmonk's PR #1942, we add hard variant monster and
item sets to all ice caves. To help achieve this, the vault functions
for items and monsters are generalized and shared to some degree among
all maps. As before this commit, there are two thematic sets of
monsters, natural and demons+undead, but instead of using the natural
set only for easy difficulty and undead+demons only for hard, both sets
have definitions for each difficulty. Both sets define eight monster
definitions using the same glyphs 1 through 8, with a designated
function at each glyph like "statue monster", "miniboss", and "boss".
This way any map can use the definitions interchangeably, regardless of
monster set or difficulty. All but four maps use these monster sets, and
the three "sprawling caverns" can use either set at either difficulty,
randomly choosing between the two.

The monster lists have been tweaked to be more coherent with more
well-defined difficulty progression. For statue monsters, we use ice
statue for both sets at easy, orange crystal statue for the natural
natural at hard difficulty, and obsidian statue for undead+demon at
hard. To allow Shadow Creatures to work for orange crystal statues and
the player spell, both monster sets defined appropriate random monster
lists at both difficulties. Additionally the simulacrum lists used by
the undead+demon set have been expanded to have definitions at both
difficulties, rebalanced, and refactored to be more easily reused.

Both sets now define two boss monsters, a stronger, but smaller group
monsters and a weaker, but larger group monster, and most maps randomly
choose one of these two configurations. For the natural monster set at
easy difficulty, the player faces either two ironbound frosthearts or a
single frost giant. At hard difficulty, this is either two or more frost
giants or one to two shard shrikes. For the undead+demons set at easy
difficulty, the player faces either two bog bodies or a single reaper.
At hard difficulty, this is either two or more blizzard demons or one to
two ice fiends.

Trivia: the infamous double ice fiend found on ice_cave_small_demon at
hard difficulty was due to a bug where the original author misapplied a
substitution pattern used in other maps. They meant to give either two
blizzard demons or one ice fiend, and gave instead either one blizzard
demon or two ice fiends. This double fiend is so universally loved that
I made it possible on any map using the undead+necro set at high
difficulty, albeit with reduced chance. I also expanded the idea to the
natural monster set using shard shrikes. Enjoy!

The ice-themed common loot definitions have been improved to have six
common classes of items: three tiers of armour (aux+light, medium, and
heavy), two tiers of weapons (any weapon and upper-tier weapons), and a
magic set (books, enhancers, jewellery, and misc items). Additionally,
necromancy-themed maps share a common ice-themed necromancy loot
definition. These definitions used to some degree by all maps, replacing
the many different and overlapping definitions used previously. Larger
maps that place loot items at early or midpoint locations now always
place one of the armour class items at these locations, so a player
might get access to rC before the map is finished. The tier of armour
item at these locations is randomized, so it won't always be light
armour, for example.

For maps that previously had hidden water caverns, we turns some of
these areas on each map into randomized shortcuts that are each open 50%
of the time. These shortcuts contain either deep water (encouraging use
of flight or amphibiousness) or floor with a freezing vapour generator.
These shortcuts are at fixed locations that provide meaningful skips of
significant fights and in a way where collateral monster deaths to
freezing vapour will be reduced. More randomly placed freezing vapour
machines are gone altogether, with the exception for the ones at the end
of ice_cave_small_demon. All freezing vapour machines now place with the
same power level (cloud duration), but vary by size (number of clouds
placed) as appropriate for their map location.

Many other aspects of monster placement and composition have changed on
a per-map basis. Comments have been updated at the top of each map to
summarize types of monsters and loot, and there are comments for each
group of SUBST/NSUBST/SHUFFLE. On each map, comments above the
conditional check for hard or easy difficulty describe the major
differences between the two difficulties. Some additional notes on
specific maps:

ice_cave_small_demon: Any reaper placed now gets a robe of cold
resistance and either a ring of protection from cold or a ring of ice,
bringing it to rC+++ and freezing vapour immunity. Gone are the days of
the mysterious dead reaper! This map could randomize between reapers and
blizzard fiends since it doesn't have an explicit necromancy theme, but
for now we're going with reapers only for tier 2 demons.

ice_cave_statue_garden_transporter: The final transporter area has been
reworked to be small enough so it can be entirely seen by the player
before taking the transporter.

ice_cave_statue_garden_chambered: The map was created before circlelos
became squarelos, when visual range was 8 squares for all characters.
Hence its ice statues were all in view of each other before squarelos,
but it wasn't updated for the reduction of visual range to 7 squares.
I've reduced the map two squares in its longest dimension to bring them
back within LOS of each other.

Closes #1942.

---
## [catjacks38/HentaiDiscordBot](https://github.com/catjacks38/HentaiDiscordBot)@[30a7857bcc...](https://github.com/catjacks38/HentaiDiscordBot/commit/30a7857bcc310b5ab651bf96eaf18794346c1313)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 17:35:53 by catjacks38

Fixed stupid typo

Thanks @Reep236 for pointing out this stupid typo I never noticed, because I am a fucking idiot.

---
## [Wieku/danser-go](https://github.com/Wieku/danser-go)@[e4091b4d2c...](https://github.com/Wieku/danser-go/commit/e4091b4d2c67add038b85c093ca7d2ac923b0164)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 18:01:39 by Sebastian Krajewski

Allow reading unicode settings.json files (fuck you WinBlows)

---
## [expanse-org/go-expanse](https://github.com/expanse-org/go-expanse)@[20b1524e04...](https://github.com/expanse-org/go-expanse/commit/20b1524e04bd66e611c74397d4fc68151bd25004)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 18:29:59 by Christopher Franko

After too many hrs

Im just saying fuck fixing this stupid shit

---
## [batainem96/marwan-sean_api_p1](https://github.com/batainem96/marwan-sean_api_p1)@[0ba9c79ff8...](https://github.com/batainem96/marwan-sean_api_p1/commit/0ba9c79ff8ff57a2a4980d84a2168f88eafa3fa0)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 18:31:30 by batainem96

Metric fuckton of changes, very little testing done. Could be completely busted (jk kinda). Trying to get students to possess full Courses in their schedule record for ease of use in the UI. Need to add a couple more things to the Update method in UserRepository. Sorry for the mess.

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[8462f6f6ee...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/8462f6f6eee9976c262e69922475d287809a824b)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 18:32:34 by gagan sidhu

update 47282/4.14.245 so ur free 2 chase ur dreams

Stan
	[walks up] Hey Wendy.
Wendy
	You're... back?
Stan
	Yeah, the startup company thing didn't work out.
Wendy
	[sarcastic] Oh wow, I'm shocked.
Stan
	So hey, I was gonna see if you still wanted to
        see that stupid Maze Runner movie-
Wendy
	You broke up with me, Stan! You said you had to
        be "free to chase your dreams".
Stan
	Wendy, I thought my life was going in a different
        direction and I just felt that I, I really had to
        give it everything I had, you know. I had I had
        to focus on one thing.
Wendy
	Is that why you told Clyde that you broke up with
        me? Because you're about to be
        [does air quotes]
        "dripping in bitches"?!
Stan
	Huh? Why does everyone suddenly remember everything
        everybody says?
        [Wendy closes her locker and faces him]
Wendy
	I'm happy, Stan. I'm happy I know who you really are
        now. You're someone who can't be counted on! You're
        someone who can just bail on the people you love!

        [turns around and walks away]

**** The cafeteria, lunchtime. Cartman looks around ****

Cartman
	Dude, people are pissed off at us.

---
## [Brun333rp/BYG](https://github.com/Brun333rp/BYG)@[29982a2637...](https://github.com/Brun333rp/BYG/commit/29982a26375f6192be23d10192f90bd921a1273d)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 18:33:58 by Brun333rp

Update en_us.json

This pull request aims to improve and fix the naming of several blocks and items (note: this doesn't affect IDs):

- Renamed "Tropical Fungal **Forest**" to "Tropical Fungal **Rainforest**";
- Renamed "Holly **Berry** Leaves" and "**Green Apple** Skyris Leaves" to "**Ripe** Holly Leaves" and "**Ripe** Skyris Leaves";
- Changed Bulbis Oddity, Bulbis Anomally and Bulbis Shell to have "Blue" on their name, while their purple equivalents had the word "Purple" removed. The reason for this change is because the Bulbis woodset is purple in color, so it doesn't makes sense for the blue variants of the aforementioned blocks to not specify their colors while the purple ones (wich are basically the default variants) do;
- Baobab Fruit Block, Ether Bulbs Block and Sythian Stalk Block had the word "Block" removed. The reason is because their item forms for some reason had "Block" on their names (except for Baobab Fruit), and since they are not full blocks it was weird for them being named in that way;
- Mineral blocks have been changed to "Block of (Ore Type)", rather than "(Ore Type) Block". This is for consistency with vanilla naming of mineral blocks (Block of Gold, Block of Diamond, etc.);
- This one is kinda funny: "Whaling Vine" and "Whaling Grass" have been fixed to be spelled correctly (Wailing instead of "Whaling"). Not only it was inconsistent with how other related blocks are named, but also because... **"WHALING" IS WHALE HUNTING**;
- All the instances of "Vine" were pluralized, for consistency with vanilla Minecraft and also because they are visually various vines rather than a single one;
- Dacite Tile and Soapstone Tile have been pluralized. This doesn't affects stairs, slabs and walls made with them;
- Scoria related blocks had the word "Stone" removed. The reason basically is because it was like calling Granite as "Granite Stone". On a side note: "Stone" and "Bricks" in Scoria Bricks were merged as a single word (Scoria Stonebricks), wich was incorrect;
- Dacite Cobblestone and Scoria Cobblestone have been renamed to "Cobbled Dacite" and "Cobbled Scoria";
- Allium Flower bush and Pink Allium Flower Bush had the word "Flower" removed. It was unnecessary, as it's already obvious that alliums are flowers, or that the bush is composed with flowers. I didn't changed Firecracker Flower Bush though, as "Flower" in this case refers to the plant's species and not to the fact that it's a flower;
- "Blue **Nether** (Mineral Type) Ore" has been changed to "Blue **Netherrack** (Mineral Type) Ore";
- Emeraldite Ore and Emeraldite Shards have been renamed to "Scoria Emerald Ore" and "Emerald Shards";
- "Soul Shroom Spore End" had the word "End" removed. This one didn't seemed to work as intended, because there are two separate strings for it: one name "Soul Shroom Spore" (wich presumably is the one supposed to appear in inventory) and other named "Soul Shroom Spore End". It happened that the one with "End" on the name appeared on inventory instead. So this has been "fixed" by renaming it to "Soul Shroom Spores" (yeah, it also has been pluralized), and the other one to "Soul Shroom Spores Plant"

---
## [davidfetter/postgresql_projects](https://github.com/davidfetter/postgresql_projects)@[9eacee2e62...](https://github.com/davidfetter/postgresql_projects/commit/9eacee2e62d89cab7b004f97c206c4fba4f1d745)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 18:50:33 by David Rowley

Add Result Cache executor node (take 2)

Here we add a new executor node type named "Result Cache".  The planner
can include this node type in the plan to have the executor cache the
results from the inner side of parameterized nested loop joins.  This
allows caching of tuples for sets of parameters so that in the event that
the node sees the same parameter values again, it can just return the
cached tuples instead of rescanning the inner side of the join all over
again.  Internally, result cache uses a hash table in order to quickly
find tuples that have been previously cached.

For certain data sets, this can significantly improve the performance of
joins.  The best cases for using this new node type are for join problems
where a large portion of the tuples from the inner side of the join have
no join partner on the outer side of the join.  In such cases, hash join
would have to hash values that are never looked up, thus bloating the hash
table and possibly causing it to multi-batch.  Merge joins would have to
skip over all of the unmatched rows.  If we use a nested loop join with a
result cache, then we only cache tuples that have at least one join
partner on the outer side of the join.  The benefits of using a
parameterized nested loop with a result cache increase when there are
fewer distinct values being looked up and the number of lookups of each
value is large.  Also, hash probes to lookup the cache can be much faster
than the hash probe in a hash join as it's common that the result cache's
hash table is much smaller than the hash join's due to result cache only
caching useful tuples rather than all tuples from the inner side of the
join.  This variation in hash probe performance is more significant when
the hash join's hash table no longer fits into the CPU's L3 cache, but the
result cache's hash table does.  The apparent "random" access of hash
buckets with each hash probe can cause a poor L3 cache hit ratio for large
hash tables.  Smaller hash tables generally perform better.

The hash table used for the cache limits itself to not exceeding work_mem
* hash_mem_multiplier in size.  We maintain a dlist of keys for this cache
and when we're adding new tuples and realize we've exceeded the memory
budget, we evict cache entries starting with the least recently used ones
until we have enough memory to add the new tuples to the cache.

For parameterized nested loop joins, we now consider using one of these
result cache nodes in between the nested loop node and its inner node.  We
determine when this might be useful based on cost, which is primarily
driven off of what the expected cache hit ratio will be.  Estimating the
cache hit ratio relies on having good distinct estimates on the nested
loop's parameters.

For now, the planner will only consider using a result cache for
parameterized nested loop joins.  This works for both normal joins and
also for LATERAL type joins to subqueries.  It is possible to use this new
node for other uses in the future.  For example, to cache results from
correlated subqueries.  However, that's not done here due to some
difficulties obtaining a distinct estimation on the outer plan to
calculate the estimated cache hit ratio.  Currently we plan the inner plan
before planning the outer plan so there is no good way to know if a result
cache would be useful or not since we can't estimate the number of times
the subplan will be called until the outer plan is generated.

The functionality being added here is newly introducing a dependency on
the return value of estimate_num_groups() during the join search.
Previously, during the join search, we only ever needed to perform
selectivity estimations.  With this commit, we need to use
estimate_num_groups() in order to estimate what the hit ratio on the
result cache will be.   In simple terms, if we expect 10 distinct values
and we expect 1000 outer rows, then we'll estimate the hit ratio to be
99%.  Since cache hits are very cheap compared to scanning the underlying
nodes on the inner side of the nested loop join, then this will
significantly reduce the planner's cost for the join.   However, it's
fairly easy to see here that things will go bad when estimate_num_groups()
incorrectly returns a value that's significantly lower than the actual
number of distinct values.  If this happens then that may cause us to make
use of a nested loop join with a result cache instead of some other join
type, such as a merge or hash join.  Our distinct estimations have been
known to be a source of trouble in the past, so the extra reliance on them
here could cause the planner to choose slower plans than it did previous
to having this feature.  Distinct estimations are also fairly hard to
estimate accurately when several tables have been joined already or when a
WHERE clause filters out a set of values that are correlated to the
expressions we're estimating the number of distinct value for.

For now, the costing we perform during query planning for result caches
does put quite a bit of faith in the distinct estimations being accurate.
When these are accurate then we should generally see faster execution
times for plans containing a result cache.  However, in the real world, we
may find that we need to either change the costings to put less trust in
the distinct estimations being accurate or perhaps even disable this
feature by default.  There's always an element of risk when we teach the
query planner to do new tricks that it decides to use that new trick at
the wrong time and causes a regression.  Users may opt to get the old
behavior by turning the feature off using the enable_resultcache GUC.
Currently, this is enabled by default.  It remains to be seen if we'll
maintain that setting for the release.

Additionally, the name "Result Cache" is the best name I could think of
for this new node at the time I started writing the patch.  Nobody seems
to strongly dislike the name. A few people did suggest other names but no
other name seemed to dominate in the brief discussion that there was about
names. Let's allow the beta period to see if the current name pleases
enough people.  If there's some consensus on a better name, then we can
change it before the release.  Please see the 2nd discussion link below
for the discussion on the "Result Cache" name.

Author: David Rowley
Reviewed-by: Andy Fan, Justin Pryzby, Zhihong Yu, Hou Zhijie
Tested-By: Konstantin Knizhnik
Discussion: https://postgr.es/m/CAApHDvrPcQyQdWERGYWx8J%2B2DLUNgXu%2BfOSbQ1UscxrunyXyrQ%40mail.gmail.com
Discussion: https://postgr.es/m/CAApHDvq=yQXr5kqhRviT2RhNKwToaWr9JAN5t+5_PzhuRJ3wvg@mail.gmail.com

---
## [pmmp/PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)@[f506c922b5...](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP/commit/f506c922b501d733f1ea90e556f97738b6ebff69)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 22:19:43 by Dylan K. Taylor

phpstan.neon.dist: fix indentation inconsistency
fuck you, phpstorm!

it doesn't have an option to use tabs for indentation in YAML, and YAML is the closest thing to NEON, so ...

---
## [Estheryu991/todayiscafebridgeday](https://github.com/Estheryu991/todayiscafebridgeday)@[e72472d9b3...](https://github.com/Estheryu991/todayiscafebridgeday/commit/e72472d9b381aa56e32a8ba3b6b0689ad7448f57)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 22:27:16 by Esther YU

Create quiet_time.c

//today we read
printf(""0
printf(https://imageproxy.youversionapi.com/640x640/https://s3.amazonaws.com/static-youversionapi-com/images/base/74331/1280x1280.jpg)
printf("1. which verse is my favorite? Psalm 19:1 \n 1 The heavens declare the glory of God; the skies proclaim the work of his hands.")

printf(" Ein Psalm Davids, vorzusingen."\n);
printf("2. was bedeutet es für mich?\n es bedeutet, dass ich Menschen vergebe, die mir gegenüber unfreundlich sind und voneinander profitieren wollen.")
printf("3. Wie ist es im Leben anwendbar?");
printf("Ich habe gestern mit meinen deutschen und norwegischen (vietnamesischen) Freunden am Strand von Jeju Central Door gesurft und war wirklich erstaunt über die Schönheit des Meeres und des Himmels. Sie waren alle in einem Set zusammen. Ich konnte die Wellen grübeln sehen. Die Wellen waren nicht heftig, aber friedlich. Als ich mich dem Raum näherte, wurden die Wellen stärker. Laiaza war nicht dabei, da sie ein Date mit einem Koreaner hatte. Der Hauptpunkt ist, dass es ein Tag war, an dem ich mich in das Surfen verliebt habe, genau wie in Louis. Ich mache gerne Videofilme, und am Vortag habe ich dort auch Deutsche getroffen. zurück zum Festland Seoul und Suwon, was sehr traurig ist, und wenn ich zurückkehre, möchte ich mich immer noch an die wunderschöne Natur erinnern, die ich gesehen, gefühlt, gehört und mit der ich mich bewegt habe.
Jetzt muss ich gehen\n");

 printf("4.mein Gebet für heute

lieber Jesus, danke für die Erinnerungen, die du in den letzten 5 Tagen in Jeju zugelassen hast. Sie waren für mich wie Fantasien, Träume, Marshmallows und bunte Regenbögen.
Gott, vielen Dank für deine Liebe, dass du mir erlaubt hast, Freunde zu finden und ihr Feedback über mich zu hören. Gott, ich bin sehr instabil und mein norwegischer Freund sagte mir, dass ich in vielen Momenten sehr zufällig bin, und das gefiel mir nicht.
Mein deutscher Freund sagte mir, dass ich sehr süß und lustig bin, aber ich bin mir nicht sicher, was das bedeutet. In der Zwischenzeit rede ich gerne über Bullshit. JEsus, bitte hilf mir, nicht mehr zu plaudern und so aktiv zu sein, sondern lobe heute lieber deine wundervolle Schöpfung. Danke, im Namen Jesu beten wir Amen.")

---
## [LKST1/COVID-19-Case-Tracker](https://github.com/LKST1/COVID-19-Case-Tracker)@[0fb9b53e9b...](https://github.com/LKST1/COVID-19-Case-Tracker/commit/0fb9b53e9bc2bfe4b2f5a21ed83b70015eea8609)
#### Sunday 2021-08-29 23:22:10 by Leaks Station

New version 3.0 Support all countries

New version 3.0 Support all countries Full country name or  short name Like : (UK/ United Kingdom ) - (USA-United states) - (Ma- Morocco)

and make the code Kinda better , Hope you all love it and remember it's just a edit on Neon Project and ofc I have his permission ...

all credits goes to @Ne10-Neon

---

# [<](2021-08-28.md) 2021-08-29 [>](2021-08-30.md)

