# [<](2021-07-20.md) 2021-07-21 [>](2021-07-22.md)

3,102,165 events, 1,572,837 push events, 2,473,603 commit messages, 186,899,109 characters


## [sacchubaranwal/myBlog-1](https://github.com/sacchubaranwal/myBlog-1)@[e8fc178eb4...](https://github.com/sacchubaranwal/myBlog-1/commit/e8fc178eb499d70611f7c9b73d9bd427dc61fd65)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 00:05:22 by sacchubaranwal

docs: added files

written my first non-technical blog on---why "Do what you love" is a bad life advice.

---
## [nvllsvm/dotfiles](https://github.com/nvllsvm/dotfiles)@[e7fce4eead...](https://github.com/nvllsvm/dotfiles/commit/e7fce4eeadf05c817e762fe65282564ab69a4024)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 01:15:50 by Andrew Rabert

Fuck nextcloud: bloated, buggy shit convoluted bullshit configuration

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[25ba9c2c62...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/25ba9c2c626fa314c40d46e4281b0cdd85d5be70)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 03:11:27 by terrynmuse

rain ench
 gives x2 damage on nonpierce (was x3)
 gives x1.2 damage on pierce (was x1)
 now uses standard iframes (was static, could hit alongside piercing attacks)
generally made all friendly lightning max 5 pierce
eoc p3 sickle trail is stationary, denotes the path eoc takes
fixed mutant eoc attack mp desync
fixed mutant heal not actually working in mp
improved mutant p2 transition heal mp sync
mutant p2 direct spear throw now rotates around you as he throws, but longer initial telegraph (actually same duration of delay, but spear telegraph appears earlier)
abom main scythe split sickles more in p2 (10, was 8) but slightly reduced acceleration
abom cirno manual icicle spawn near the border again
destroyer only resists meteor when meteor ench effect is actually happening
reduced destroyer piercing resist
voodoo demon only immolates when it has line of sight to you, creates more fire particles as it burns up
nerfed revives, give 2sec invul (was 3sec)
wof hungries try to avoid contact damage with you during cursed flames attack
vile spit is bigger (easier to see)
eyes no longer inflict obstructed, rip
reduce radius of face monster obstructed
removed skeletron hands spraying bones/skulls, INSTEAD they throw baby guardians.
skeletron hands can throw skeletons again finally
reduced dust made by dark stars when they disappear
prime dark stars during spin has rampup
increased delay between destroyer laser rings in coil
reduced intensity of plantera crystal leaf glow
replaced plantera p1 crystal leaf attack with throwing the entire ring at you
improved reti telegraph for which way the deathray rotates
adjusted cultist ritual speedup, now has thresholds at 50% and 25%
eridanus phase transitions look cooler
nerfed spirit excalibur hand ring support accel

---
## [yakworks/shipkit](https://github.com/yakworks/shipkit)@[de5e1735d8...](https://github.com/yakworks/shipkit/commit/de5e1735d8f8381cca437ca4be5e111e2a3e335b)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 03:37:53 by Joshua B

fucking hell, escaping json for the release body is a pain in the ass

---
## [angelsalbiol205/Learn-Phyton-3---Code-academy](https://github.com/angelsalbiol205/Learn-Phyton-3---Code-academy)@[5a9906877f...](https://github.com/angelsalbiol205/Learn-Phyton-3---Code-academy/commit/5a9906877f6bae9fa160b353294dec017562ae96)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 09:34:11 by angelsalbiol205

Create basta_fazoolin'

Basta Fazoolin'
You’ve started position as the lead programmer for the family-style Italian restaurant Basta Fazoolin’ with My Heart. The restaurant has been doing fantastically and seen a lot of growth lately. You’ve been hired to keep things organized.

If you get stuck during this project or would like to see an experienced developer work through it, click “Get Unstuck“ to see a project walkthrough video.

Tasks
26/26 Complete
Mark the tasks as complete by checking them off
Making the Menus
1. At Basta Fazoolin’ with my Heart our motto is simple: when you’re here with family, that’s great! We have four different menus: brunch, early-bird, dinner, and kids.

Create a Menu class 

2. Give Menu a constructor with the five parameters self, name, items, start_time, and end_time.

3. Let’s create our first menu: brunch. Brunch is served from 11am to 4pm. The following items are sold during brunch:

{
  'pancakes': 7.50, 'waffles': 9.00, 'burger': 11.00, 'home fries': 4.50, 'coffee': 1.50, 'espresso': 3.00, 'tea': 1.00, 'mimosa': 10.50, 'orange juice': 3.50
}

4. Let’s create our second menu item early_bird. Early-bird Dinners are served from 3pm to 6pm. The following items are available during the early-bird menu:

{
  'salumeria plate': 8.00, 'salad and breadsticks (serves 2, no refills)': 14.00, 'pizza with quattro formaggi': 9.00, 'duck ragu': 17.50, 'mushroom ravioli (vegan)': 13.50, 'coffee': 1.50, 'espresso': 3.00,
}
5. Let’s create our third menu, dinner. Dinner is served from 5pm to 11pm. The following items are available for dinner:

{
  'crostini with eggplant caponata': 13.00, 'ceaser salad': 16.00, 'pizza with quattro formaggi': 11.00, 'duck ragu': 19.50, 'mushroom ravioli (vegan)': 13.50, 'coffee': 2.00, 'espresso': 3.00,
}
6. And let’s create our last menu, kids. The kids menu is available from 11am until 9pm. The following items are available on the kids menu.
{
  'chicken nuggets': 6.50, 'fusilli with wild mushrooms': 12.00, 'apple juice': 3.00
}
7. Give our Menu class a string representation method that will tell you the name of the menu. Also, indicate in this representation when the menu is available.

8. Try out our string representation. If you call print(brunch) it should print out something like the following:
brunch menu available from 11am to 4pm

9. Give Menu a method .calculate_bill() that has two parameters: self, and purchased_items, a list of the names of purchased items.

Have calculate_bill return the total price of a purchase consisiting of all the items in purchased_items.

10. Test out Menu.calculate_bill(). We have a breakfast order for one order of pancakes, one order of home fries, and one coffee. Pass that into brunch.calculate_bill() and print out the price.

11. What about an early-bird purchase? Our last guests ordered the salumeria plate and the vegan mushroom ravioli. Calculate the bill with .calculate_bill().

Creating the Franchises
12. Basta Fazoolin’ with my Heart has seen tremendous success with the family market, which is fantastic because when you’re at Basta Fazoolin’ with my Heart with family, that’s great!

We’ve decided to create more than one restaurant to offer our fantastic menus, services, and ambience around the country.

First, let’s create a Franchise class.

13. Give the Franchise class a constructor. Take in an address, and assign it to self.address. Also take in a list of menus and assign it to self.menus.

14. Let’s create our first two franchises! Our flagship store is located at "1232 West End Road" and our new installment is located at "12 East Mulberry Street". Pass in all four menus along with these addresses to define flagship_store and new_installment.

15. Give our Franchises a string representation so that we’ll be able to tell them apart. If we print out a Franchise it should tell us the address of the restaurant.

16. Let’s tell our customers what they can order! Give Franchise an .available_menus() method that takes in a time parameter and returns a list of the Menu objects that are available at that time.

17. Let’s test out our .available_menus() method! Call it with 12 noon as an argument and print out the results.

18. Let’s do another test! See what is printed if we call .available_menus() with 5pm as an argument and print out the results.

Creating Businesses!
19. Since we’ve been so successful building out a branded chain of restaurants, we’ve decided to diversify. We’re going to create a restaurant that sells arepas!

First let’s define a Business class.

20. Give Business a constructor. A Business needs a name and a list of franchises.

21. Let’s create our first Business. The name is "Basta Fazoolin' with my Heart" and the two franchises are flagship_store and new_installment.

22. Before we create our new business, we’ll need a Franchise and before our Franchise we’ll need a menu. The items for our Take a’ Arepa available from 10am until 8pm are the following:
{
  'arepa pabellon': 7.00, 'pernil arepa': 8.50, 'guayanes arepa': 8.00, 'jamon arepa': 7.50
}
Save this to a variable called arepas_menu.

23. Next let’s create our first Take a’ Arepa franchise! Our new restaurant is located at "189 Fitzgerald Avenue". Save the Franchise object to a variable called arepas_place.

24. Now let’s make our new Business! The business is called "Take a' Arepa"!

25. Congrats! You created a system of classes that help structure your code and perform all business requirements you need. Whenever we need a new feature we’ll have the well-organized code required to make developing and shipping it easy.

---
## [fiqri19102002/android_kernel_xiaomi_ginkgo](https://github.com/fiqri19102002/android_kernel_xiaomi_ginkgo)@[b2edeb0d62...](https://github.com/fiqri19102002/android_kernel_xiaomi_ginkgo/commit/b2edeb0d62d838bc72571ac2962ac1294a4d7a29)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 11:40:53 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Fiqri Ardyansyah <fiqri15072019@gmail.com>

---
## [lukasturcani/stk](https://github.com/lukasturcani/stk)@[6d214ca325...](https://github.com/lukasturcani/stk/commit/6d214ca3256e019abec63393303ace48eab59bf2)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 11:53:51 by Lukas Turcani

Add with_ids() (#364)

A type error has been discovered!

```python

a = stk.Alcohol(
    oxygen=stk.O(0),
    hydrogen=stk.H(1),
    atom=stk.C(2),
    bonders=(stk.C(2), ),
    deleters=(stk.O(0), stk.H(1)),
)

clone = a.with_atoms({
    0: stk.C(0),
})

# "oxygen" is actually a carbon!
oxygen = clone.get_oxygen()

```

The solution to this type error is to make the return type of
`with_atoms()` to return either `FunctionalGroup` or
`GenericFuncitonalGroup` as appropriate, but not the most derived type.

However, this is a problem because during construction, we need to make
clones, with different atom ids, but we also need to preserve the most
derived type, because this information may be used by reaction
factories to select an appropriate reaction.  For example, you might
want a specific bond order between alcohol and carboxylic acid
functional groups.

To get around this, I'm adding `with_ids`, it's just like`with_atoms`
except it only lets you change atom ids but not atom types. This means
that the most derived type can be returned. Internal use of
`with_atoms` has been replaced by `with_ids` so that the most derived
type can be preserved.

I am also adding `Bond.with_ids` so that you can use the same `dict`
when using `FunctionalGroup.with_ids` for bonds as well. Otherwise the
user would have to create an id map for the functional groups but an
atom map for bonds, and that's kind of annoying.

Other code changes:

* `src/stk/molecular/functional_groups/.../functional_group.py:260`: I
removed the `_with_atoms` method and replaced it with a new
implementation of `with_atoms`. The new implementation does not return
a clone of the most derived type, instead it always returns a
`FunctionalGroup` instance.
* `src/stk/molecular/.../generic_functional_group.py:63` Replaced the
`_with_atoms` implementation with an implementation of `with_atoms`,
which always returns a `GenericFunctionalGroup` instance.
* `src/stk/molecular/molecules/building_block.py:692`:  Here I removed
the use of `with_atoms` and did not replace it with `with_ids`.
`with_atoms` was being used here to minimize memory usage. I.e. the
functional groups held internally by the building block held the atoms
from `self._atoms`, rather than the atoms the user provided. This means
that the atoms which the user created / provided could be garbage
collected. Because `with_atoms` loses the most derived type, it can no
longer be used here and there is no way to replace its use here with
`with_ids`.
* `src/stk/.../placements_summary/atom_batch.py:45`: I replaced the use
of internal lists with internal tuples, just so that the immutability
is a bit more clear. The downside is an extra iteration, but
immutability is more important in my opinion.

---
## [dankelley/oce](https://github.com/dankelley/oce)@[4142d8d8d5...](https://github.com/dankelley/oce/commit/4142d8d8d58dd0693605c71e809f336417d06f66)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 12:16:10 by dankelley

isolate sf calls in hopes coverage checks work

<rantish comment>

I don't see why the action doesn't just install "sf", since I've altered
the yaml to make that happen.  But maybe this will work.  Frankly,
test-coverage is such a pain that I don't know why we bother.  I've had
a half-dozen commits in the past hour, trying to figure this out.  So
the commit history is an ugly mess of code changes (which are important
to users) and all these tweaks to actions (which say more about actions
and test machines than they do of the user experience).

</rantish comment>

---
## [cadadr/configuration](https://github.com/cadadr/configuration)@[0e25e29166...](https://github.com/cadadr/configuration/commit/0e25e29166f6ef4c8edf960ab888bff7ea6d962a)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 17:13:24 by İ. Göktuğ Kayaalp

dotfiles/xsessionrc: work around systemd bullshit because fuck life fuck everyting fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck

---
## [iptv-ch/iptv-ch.github.io](https://github.com/iptv-ch/iptv-ch.github.io)@[c141431c3f...](https://github.com/iptv-ch/iptv-ch.github.io/commit/c141431c3f4966d039a8b1f9b811aa0689d04396)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 21:17:33 by redge73

Update tvopenchfr.m3u

removed known end of life channels or some scrambled channels.
motorvision, voyage, nautical, rmc sport access 3, rmc sport access 4
sorry for no update, i ran into issue with my windows 7 starting die for checking if tv channel live or not.

---
## [LukasKalbertodt/tobira](https://github.com/LukasKalbertodt/tobira)@[1fa9e641e4...](https://github.com/LukasKalbertodt/tobira/commit/1fa9e641e411caedd00f8b9b654d7f5993609432)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 22:27:54 by Lukas Kalbertodt

Use one DB transaction per API request

This has a number of advantages.
- By checking out one connection from the pool at the start of the
  API request instead of in every single handler, we avoid useless
  work.
- Using a transaction means that each individual API request gets a
  consistent view of the world.

Unfortunately, we cannot achieve this without `unsafe` code. Juniper
does not support contexts with lifetime parameters (but `Transaction`
has a lifetime parameter). While we would love to get away from juniper
for a couple of reasons, we don't have the time to do that. So we
cast it to a `'static` lifetime temporarily. We make sure that it does
not outlive its connection. So I'm fairly sure this all is sound.

There are still a couple of things we should do:
- Currently, the full realm tree is loaded on each API request. That's
  wasteful. I will solves this completely differently in a later commit.
- We should think about what isolation level our transaction needs and
  specify that explicitly.
- We should mark the transaction as "read only" if there are no
  mutations in the GraphQL query.
- We should retry after a failed transaction commit, at least a couple
  of times.

The last two points are impossible without coding the `juniper_hyper`
logic ourselves.

---
## [jruzekowicz/e-mission-phone](https://github.com/jruzekowicz/e-mission-phone)@[0cdc1da448...](https://github.com/jruzekowicz/e-mission-phone/commit/0cdc1da4489440560c867837c8e322cd885d33f2)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 22:44:21 by Jenna Ruzekowicz

WORKING Angular -> React.
In all honestly it it a little messy, but the functionality appears to work. World love feedback after we are able to look at this together.

---
## [ghc/ghc](https://github.com/ghc/ghc)@[e8f7734d8a...](https://github.com/ghc/ghc/commit/e8f7734d8a052f99b03e1123466dc9f47b48c311)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-21 22:59:21 by John Ericson

Fix #19931

The issue was the renderer for x86 addressing modes assumes native size
registers, but we were passing in a possibly-smaller index in
conjunction with a native-sized base pointer.

The easist thing to do is just extend the register first.

I also changed the other NGC backends implementing jump tables
accordingly. On one hand, I think PowerPC and Sparc don't have the small
sub-registers anyways so there is less to worry about. On the other
hand, to the extent that's true the zero extension can become a no-op.

I should give credit where it's due: @hsyl20 really did all the work for
me in
https://gitlab.haskell.org/ghc/ghc/-/merge_requests/4717#note_355874,
but I was daft and missed the "Oops" and so ended up spending a silly
amount of time putting it all back together myself.

The unregisterised backend change is a bit different, because here we
are translating the actual case not a jump table, and the fix is to
handle right-sized literals not addressing modes. But it makes sense to
include here too because it's the same change in the subsequent commit
that exposes both bugs.

---

# [<](2021-07-20.md) 2021-07-21 [>](2021-07-22.md)

