# [<](2021-06-04.md) 2021-06-05 [>](2021-06-06.md)

2,572,232 events, 1,172,932 push events, 1,786,875 commit messages, 107,091,688 characters


## [kenneth558/Dysusing-dispensation-no-more@c47359299a...](https://github.com/kenneth558/Dysusing-dispensation-no-more/commit/c47359299a83c9e5df71c0aa43f106f79de3f587)
##### 2021-06-05 00:13:47 by Kenneth L Anderson

Sermon in progress

Refinements still needed

"Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof" (from Ecc. 7:8).  I want to encourage you and share why I believe this verse applies to the Church - it shall soon be better than it was in the books of Acts as it goes from "faith to faith" as God intends! (from Rom. 1:17)  I trust it will be your faith, not your knowledge, not your principles of doctrine (Heb. 6:1), that will grow in the few minutes of reading this.

Like other Christians are, you were taught the Bible is true.  Certainly it is true and true on innumerable levels and on every level.  Yet curiously enough, you were also taught that several verses in it are NOT true today based on something about "dispensation".  Sure, the verses were true when written, but supposedly many aren't any more because "we're no longer in that dispensation".  So the Bible is true, but just not all of it.  We're all comfortable with this, right?

I am an uncommon believer, also known as a new wineskin.  As such, I am UNcomfortable that the most truthful and most sure Book ever to exist in ANY dimension, physical or otherwise, would only be partially true, not fully true.  I am uncomfortable with that Book being settled (Ps. 119:89) in a dimension without time while it would EVER contain obsolete words (Matt. 24:35, Mk. 13:31, Lk. 21:33).  I am VERY comfortable being unashamed of any of Jesus' words (Mk. 8:38).  Note that Jesus is declared to be "Lord" (Acts 2:36 & 10:36, Rom. 6:23 & 8:39, 1 Cor 12:3), and at least one of His commandments that is commonly categorized as obsolete based on a misunderstanding of "dispensation" is emphasized to be included with "...the commandments of the Lord" (1 Cor. 14:37).  Emphasized as very few other commandments are!  And what do we do with it?  We say no to it: we are ashamed of it, and we won't be washed by it! (In case you haven't realized yet, it [1 Cor. 14:34-35] relates to the ministry roles being different between genders.  Maybe God emphasized it as a least commandment to see which of us would show the full extent of our worthiness to "...be called great in the kingdom of heaven"? [Matt. 5:19])

How do we treat fellow Christians like me who refuse to mix belief with unbelief and so hold that  "...those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever..."?  I've found that ALL of Scripture can be believed, and that fact allows me more freedom to believe the Scriptures as I am reading.  Anyone who subscribes to "dispensation" causing words, verses, and entire teachings to be now obsolete is restricted because of that from wholeheartedly believing scriptures they read, just in case dispensation claimed another one somewhere as a kill.

____________________________________________________________________________________________________

The word "dispensation" is really used in the Bible, but NEVER as a synonym for time or age.  More on that later...
____________________________________________________________________________________________________

Many of us were also taught that some Bible verses, though perhaps true when written, became NOT true even by so soon as 397 AD when the Bible was canonized.  I was actually taught that the Bible was canonized while it contained verses that had already become false by the time because of some dispensation change when the twelfth original apostle died.  That rationale is called "hyper-dispensationalism" by many.  I trusted the teachers in my life enough not to question them nor be alarmed at how hidden this rationale is (or is not even) in the Bible, though in my own casual reading, I never noticed any guidelines in the Bible itself for "once true" verses becoming not true.  However, the possibility of any specific verse I might read being no longer true certainly made me read my Bible less intently than otherwise - I must only believe the verses that my trusted leaders FIRST taught from their pulpits.  After all, the secret key to knowing which verses are still true today and which verses LURKING THEIR VERY SAME CONTEXT aren't, was never clearly taught for me to use it in my own Bible studying.  Until I could be sure from my teachers any particular verse was still for today, I needed to be suspicious of it.  I learned there exist several variants of dispensation rationale differing from each other in how much of Scripture they believe is no longer true.  Surprisingly, some of these persuasions actually believe that certain Bible teachings which were totally of God at one time (only "in that dispensation" when they were written) are now of satan!!!  So some of God's written Word is now satan's deviant teaching!  Mind blown!  Someone PLEASE explain to me how, in the entire universe, that type of dispensational devilution (exactly what I mean) of the written Scripture helps make it "more sure" (2 Pe. 1:19)?!

Then, (when I was of age, thankfully, and free to choose for myself) some perplexing assertions from coworkers that, through their mere legitimate extrapolation of the same [mis]understanding of dispensation, even more Bible verses are no longer true than I had ever thought ("hyper-hyper-dispensationalism" is arguably a fair description of their persuasion).  A little concerned but greatly curious, I started reading the Bible deeper than casually.  I actually read the Bible for all it's worth, over and over again, and found verses like these that have something to say related to the way dispensation is commonly misunderstood:

    Deut. 29:29 - "The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law."  "FOR EVER" bears repeating.  Dispensation misunderstanding disagrees with this, so where can we find the verse that overrules this one in support of dispensation time constructs?  There is none that I've found.

    2 Cor. 1:13 - "For we write none other things unto you, that what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end".  "EVEN TO THE END" bears repeating.  Dispensation misunderstanding disagrees with this, so where can we find the verse that overrules this one in support of dispensation time constructs?  There is none that I've found.

    2 Cor. 11:3,4 - "But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.  For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him."  Note that the Jesus Paul preached to them takes ownership in 1 Cor. 14:37 of commands to this same Corinthian church that we 21st century _enlightened_ Christians now discard in the name of "dispensation": the verses IMMEDIATELY preceding "...the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord" are counter to 21st century secular culture and dispensation misunderstanding demands that we (most Christian factions, anyway) discard them.  Read them for yourself.

    2 Pe. 1:19 (in context!) where the written scriptures are declared to be more sure than the audible voice of God.  Dispensation misunderstanding disagrees with the notion that written scriptures are "sure" enough to survive supposed dispensation advancements.

    Apostle Paul totally missed the memo about supposed dispensation boundaries in ALL of his reasonings where he used scriptures dozens of times to support his teaching points...old "dispensation" teaching points from Jewish scriptures mostly to GENTILES who were entering a supposed new dispensation.

    MANY other places in Scripture, ad infinitim....

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thank you for reading this far.  I promise I'll eventually share the real definition and Biblical use of "dispensation" with you, but first I need to address any reader who has not accepted Jesus as Savior: Godkind loves mankind so much that the Father gave His dearly loved Son for us to mistreat, torture and kill so that the wounds He received from us could be lovingly offered right back to us for our healing and as an example of how to love our enemies, including Him.  Don't for one moment think that your sins are bigger than everyone else's so Jesus' blood can't cleanse you from them.  His blood will eventually reconcile EVERYTHING in all of heaven plus earth, so it can certainly handle every last sin of yours, as tiny as you are (see also Heb. 9:13-14).  Jesus is always listening for the heart-felt words from you, telepathically or spoken, that you receive His Life and that you abandon your waywardness so you can be made whole (saved).  Or start by asking Him just "please save me" and "I receive you, Jesus".  He knows well enough that you're not promising to be better, but merely that you surrender and are truthfully sincere.  You are now restored to your place in royalty.  After you've come to the Father by receiving Son Jesus, the Spirit (who is different from the Father and the Son) of Godkind now awaits your [verbal or otherwise] invite for Him to fill you with Himself.

Jesus Christ is Lord of all, and He has come in the flesh, given the blood of His sinless life for the redemption of mankind, for cleansing from all sin, and to reconcile all things unto Himself. (Acts 3:21, 1 Cor 12:3, Col 1:20, 1 Jn 1:7; 2:2; 4:2,3)  He is the Way, the Truth, and the Life, and no man comes to the Father but by Jesus. (Jn 14:6).  He is one of three members (Eloah or Eloha) of Godkind (Elohim).  He, along with the Spirit of God, advocates for His human fellow heirs, and they also offer us guidance how to construct an abundant life even while we are yet in this physical dimension.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Thessalonians "...received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God..." (1 Th. 2:13) while the Bereans "...were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so" (Acts 17:11).  It bears noting the contrast between readily accepting the VERBAL word versus searching the WRITTEN scriptures to validate the verbal.  There is a very good reason God lays this contrast out for us, as I hope you're seeing.

A couple of paragraphs back I used the term "hidden" describing dispensation time constructs.  Synonym to "hidden" is "occult".  The apostle Paul's use of the term "simplicity" I believe is very legitimately contrasted with hidden or occult.  To put it bluntly, a fully engaged Bible reader does not conclude at the end of reading the entire Bible that a hidden complication called "dispensation" exists which negates the afore-mentioned and following "milk" verses I lay out here in simplicity.  I've tried that fully engaged Bible reading, so I speak from experience.  No one ever overtly planted the thought in my mind that dispensation was being mistaught - it simply was conspicuous by its deference to the clearer passages describing how time affects God's truths (it doesn't).  I would be hard pressed to think of a better example of Rom. 3:4 "Let God be true and every man a liar" than the rampant deceptive use of the term "dispensation" we see today.

I'll admit, God has verbally told at least one person I know of that there is a different reason for His commands in 1 Cor. 14:33-35 than the reason He has written there.  Nonetheless, I will stand alone on the Word of God, the B I B L E, to challenge God herewith: "If Your reason found in v. 34 and 35, and Your reason found in 1 Timothy 2:13,14 are WRONG, then You need to change Your written Word so those of us who live by EVERY word You speak know so!  And You should call me 'more noble' for insisting to You on this!  You know that when I pray, I declare back to You what You have SPOKEN by WRITING and promised in Your Word, and I will continue to do so unashamedly."  Incidentally, the reason God gave to this person I write of is that women were located in the rear of the church taking care of their children, which made their gender-equal participation disruptive.  Don't get me wrong - by no means AT ALL do I imply God didn't tell that to this person.  I fully believe He did, and I fully believe He wants us to quote His written Word right back to Him about it if we [rightly, IMO] struggle with the seeming or actual dissonance there.

 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

We've all heard them - statements from pulpits we trust and from Bible study materials we trust that imply there is some guideline in scripture teaching us which verses become obsolete due to dispensation "advancements".  If you as a 21st century _enlightened_ Christian could and were to time-travel back to the church at Corinth AFTER they might have accepted Paul's admonitions and had started obeying them perfectly, would you think our 21st century Christian enlightenment on, for example, womens' ministry potential in mixed-gender church services could improve their Christian standing?  Without a doubt, they would recognize you as "another spirit" for sure.

Do you see how "Now these things...are written for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come" (from 1 Cor. 10:11)  teaches that scriptures become _more_and_more_ relevant throughout the ages?  Yet a misunderstanding of dispensation would imply they become _more_and_more_ obsolete as each dispensation ends and a new one begins.

Do you see the common thought among:

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and _greater_works_than_these_ shall he do; because I go unto my Father" (John 14:12)

    and

"Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof...Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this" (from Ecc. 7:8-10)

   and

"For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious" (1 Cor. 3:11) ?

  The common thought in those passages is in stark contrast to the the very opposite thought so inexplicably intertwined with the misconception of dispensation, wrongly telling us that the Acts Church achieved the status of "role model for all ages" and owns the greatest stories of miracles the world can ever see.  To say it another way, the Acts Church did not fulfill to the individual person greater works than Jesus did, only to the church leaders.  The Acts Church is "...the beginning thereof..." while the Church later will be better and much more glorious.  It is not the Acts church, but it is Scriptures like those three listed and others that lay out the role model for all ages.  Even more amazing, many denominations' misconception of "dispensation" leads them to teach that the Acts Church exhibited signs and wonders that would be satanic if manifested in their denomination today!

We're taught that God gave us a Bible having partially obsolete revelations in it before it was even canonized and has become even more obsolete by dispensation advancements since then
    ...even though the Bible itself says "The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children FOR EVER, that we may do all the words of this law" (Deut. 29:29).

In Christianity we have a bewildering number of denominational divisions and schisms disagreeing with each other over which scriptures are obsolete
    ...even though we are commanded "...that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment" (1 Cor. 1:10), "I hear that there be divisions among you..." so "...there must be also heresies among you..." (1 Cor 11:18), and "....there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another" (1 Cor. 12:25).

We're taught that Jesus is coming imminently for His bride while we're still in this condition
    ...even though the Bible says Jesus will "...sanctify and cleanse it [us] with the washing of water by the word, That he might present it [us] to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it [we] should be holy and without blemish" (Eph. 5:26-27).  Riddle me this: how will the Bride be cleansed by the Scriptures when they are falling apart with the passage of dispensations?  ...when their meaning can be so varied depending on which version of unscriptural interpretation dispensation key you prefer to be washed by?  ...when they contain satanic verses?  How can He present His Bride to Himself without blemish when we are all inconsistent about which scriptures we allow to wash us?

In what we've been mistaught by misunderstanding dispensation, where is the hope of us ever seeing the abundant life that Jesus wanted for us and so wanted with abandon that He CAME, LIVED and DIED for us to experience? (Jn. 10:10)  Is there no more abundant life possible on this planet than what we read about in the book of Acts?  We all KNOW there is, counter to the unbelief associated with misunderstanding dipensation, and I haven't the least doubt that God is only waiting for us to prepare the way.  See how this whole physical dimension knows this: "For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God" (Rom. 8:19, see also Heb. 5:11-14 on how to get from here to there)  God's heart about this is expressed a few verses later (v32) in a verse that really needs to be read with our own emotions disarmingly receptive to God's emotions expressed here: "He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?"  See also Rom. 11, especially v15 "For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?" and v26: "And so all Israel shall be saved...".  Israel will be saved which ushers in life from the dead (even literally for those who'll receive it) for the rest of the world!  Coming soon to a theater (of operations) near you...

The specific verses that we're taught are obsolete are IMMEDIATELY adjacent to other verses we know not to be obsolete and lack ANY scripture guideline ANYWHERE to divide between them - verse x is still relevant but verse y immediately adjacent to it is obsolete.  In several of these very same examples, the rationale for the instruction is clearly given and spans several supposed dispensations going back to creation....  CHURCH LEADERS, DO YOU WANT YOUR CONGREGANTS TO READ THE BIBLE BUT JUST NOT BELIEVE IT?  OR WILL YOU REBUKE THOSE LIKE ME WHO READ WITH A BELIEVING HEART AND SEE THESE THINGS FROM THEIR BIBLES?   Isn't it astonishing that church leaders get so upset at someone who chooses to believe God, who gives them and me righteousness for doing so (Rom. 4:5), above the pulpit's contrary words?  In all seriousness, do they really think the Bride has made herself ready as she brazenly says some of God's words became satanic since leaving "that dispensation" rather than cooperate with their Author who says He'll wash us by them?

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Let's not go any farther without a quick specific example we find in 1 Cor 14:33-35, which could be rendered "Keep your women from needing to be responsible in the long term for leading chuch services where there are men in that service who ought to be stepping up to that burdensome responsibility: for the order should reflect the pattern of the Bride's relationship to the Bridegroom.  Consider the contrast naturally and in upbringing between feminity and masculinity.  Consider natural and God-given principles of chivalry.  It is the male who ought to be thought of as more appropriately designed, conditioned, and with more margin of endurance to mature into handling corporate governance of an assortment of people that includes adult males, as the Christ has been placed over His Church. It is the male that is designed to more elegantly and without getting over-worked, use the confrontational and assertion techniques often required of a teacher or leader...."Let all things be done decently and in order" (v.40)  The basis for this teaching is natural ORDER - how a mother (yes, I do know I've jumped a gap from woman to mother) is designed naturally and appropriately to strongly prioritize minding her children above a message she might deliver to the Body while a father will defer (within reason) to those his wife's strong natural inclinations while he might similarly be delivering a message?  It is so common of pople who misunderstand dispensation to miss the significance of the older women being ordained to teach the younger women (Titus 2:4)!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As long as the term "dispensation" is misunderstood and misused, these unbecoming and wrongful contrasts cannot be reconciled.  They are unavoidable consequences of that blemish in the Bride - a blemish that, except it be washed by the water of the word, renders the Bride unpresentable as per Eph. 5:27.  All capital letters would be appropriate for me to say this: I appeal, not to any perceived authority in my words or lack thereof, but to these words' fidelity to God's heart and befitting this season of His calendar - His soon-arriving Kingdom.  There are times for Him to wink at blemishes and when old wineskins can be cavalier to reckon them to low priority, but not right now for new wineskins standing at the threshhold of this next season.  A less cavalier approach should be in the hearts of those of us who want to be most fit to enter this coming Kingdom age.  I'm not suggesting that only those most fit will enter, but I do point out that Jesus made clear there will be greater and lesser among those who do enter based on how we handle His least commandments (Matt. 5:19).

We're taught that while "dispensation" technically means "administration", it is still perfectly fine to use it as a synonym of "age" or "time"
    ...even though none, zero, not a single instance of the nine times dispensation is used by Jesus and the Apostle Paul does it ever remotely refer to a time nor time period.  It bears repeating, not even remotely!  The nine locations of the term are these: (Bible version abbreviations are courtesy http://biblegateway.com/versions/)

1) Luke 16:2,3,4 (Greek texts);
2) 3 times of Paul's COMMISSION to preach the Gospel (i.e., his JOB) 1 Corinthians 9:17
     (Greek texts, BRG, DRA, GNV, KJV, AKJV, WYC), Ephesians 3:2 (Greek texts, KJ21, ASV,
     BRG, DRA, GNV, JUB, KJV, NKJV, WYC), Colossians 1:25  (Greek texts, KJ21, ASV, BRG,
     DARBY, DRA, GNV, JUB, KJV, AKJV, RGT, WYC);
3) 2 times in referring to a WORK of God - Ephesians 3:9 (some but not all Greek texts,
     ASV, DRA, WYC), 1 Timothy 1:4 (some but not all Greek texts, ASV, DARBY);
4) 1 time in Ephesians 1:10 (Greek texts, KJK21, ASV, BRG, DRA, GNV, JUB, KJV, AKJV, NKJV, RGT, WYC) referring to
     "the dispensation of the end of times", a TASK that happens to be stated more clearly in the parallel chapter
     to this, Colossians 1, where verse 20 specifically states that TASK, also found in Acts 3:21 where it also
     is clearly a TASK for a future "time".  These references are consistently "time of a "task", not "time of a
     time" as would be the case in Eph 1:10 if time and dispensation were synonyms.

The summation of all that follows herein is this: Deut 29:29 stands in opposition - and as an alternative - to the current widespread misunderstanding of the term "dispensation":

"The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law."

...pointing out that "for ever" means NOT "until the end of this dispensation", like the unbelief accompanying a misunderstanding of "dispensation" demands.

Unless you're all in already, you really should STOP here until you understand those words.  Continuing further without understanding those words is just a waste of your time.  Also STOP anytime throughout this if your Bible knowledge is too weak to be absolutely certain of the Bible context of any of these scriptures I use.  Know your Bible, and have enough confidence your Bible knowledge to base your beliefs in scripture rather than my words. I am not your personal Matthew Henry.

Now you might legitimately ask for specifics; like, a discussion about "dispensation" is boring - is it REALLY worth my time?  And - what things are so important to believe that we don't believe because of this misunderstanding?  And - why will a correct understanding of "dispensation" result in belief where I might now have unbelief?  And - what is the correct definition of "dispensation", anyway?  As I continue, I am keeping all those concerns of yours in mind.  Most of all though, I want your life to be more conformed to Kingdom of Heaven living as a result of simply believing ALL that God tells us.  I want your life, my life, to be FIT to live in the Kingdom about to be manifest on earth, just like we've been praying for for 2 millenia.  There are a few things about our beliefs we need to change to be more FIT to  enter the Kingdom that God is right now in the process of putting on earth.

Now in the next couple paragraphs or so, receive my sincere belaboring on the importance of choosing to hold to God's written word where it needs to displace wayward teachings we all have received from pulpits, commentaries and Bible study aids of man's authorship instead of God's.  (Anything copyrighted makes the claim to be of human authorship, and God's Word is by necessity in the public domain.)

Ps. 138:2 teaches us that God has magnified His word above all His Name, meaning that even though He has authority to to do contrary to His Word, He has determined not to.  Ps. 138:2 invites us to hold God to His Word being the highest standard, and according to 2 Pe. 1:18-19, the written Word is more sure than hearing God's voice from heaven. It should be abundantly obvious from these two verses, not to mention many others, that we are to let the authority of the written scripture rule in all matters it addresses, including how the term "dispensation" is used.

The prevalent connotation of the term "dispensation" is one of the segments of time as the Bible implicitely segments time into.  The actual denotation of the term is "administration".

I cannot emphasize enough that NEITHER of those definitions is anything even close to the true meaning as used in the Bible!  And this is NOT a harmless misunderstanding!

An argument could be made that "administration" and "dispensation" are synonyms, but  NOT ANY MORE.  Maybe in olde Englishe that argument could be made, but today's  synonyms for dispensation are words like "commission", "job", "assignment", or [a good] "work".  EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE NINE OCCURANCES OF THE GREEK WORD FOR DISPENSATION CONFORMS TO THIS.  NEVER, EVER CAN ANY OF THEM BE STRETCHED INTO BEING A SYNONYM FOR ANYTHING WHATSOEVER TO DO WITH TIME.

The proof of that assertion is in the reading and is an easy slam-dunk, but an even more urgent point is this - the end result of this discussion will NOT be to promote worship on Saturday or to observe Judaism's other teachings.  Paul's epistles to the Galatians and Romans, and Acts 15 are among the scriptures against Gentiles doing so in hopes they obey God by observing His commands to Israel.  Nonetheless, you WILL be challenged to receive a few scriptures that you've been taught NOT to believe, but you've never really had a clear reason why we shouldn't believe them.  You've never had a clear reason to not believe because there is no such reason in the Bible nor consistent with the Bible.

If you'd rather maintain the status quo connotation of "dispensation", think about why.  Safe, at least temporally; company to agreement; you're comfortable with that complexity; but most of all, you don't think you capable of comprehending the flawed rationale of scholars.  The scholars, whoever they are, that write the reference book and dictionary entries for the term "dispensation" stand a better chance of being right about it than I do, right?   It's that last point that we'll meet head-on right now.

We start by seeing the indisputable fact (I emphasize this!) that the term "dispensation" as used by Jesus and the Apostle Paul ALWAYS refers to someone's JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION or ENDEAVOR.  Then, EVEN MORE IMPORTANT, we'll show how the prevalent connotation is incompatible with a number of scripture verses besides just Deut 29:29 shown above.  Then we'll examine why historically the current connotation became accepted by scholars.  Without addressing each of these points with unbiased intellectual honesty and with a rationale you can unreservedly hold to, I will expect you to remain steadfast to the status quo.  (As an aside, David Robert Palmer publishes some very good insight as a Bible translator, but none on the term "dispensation".  I'd like his someday...)

The Strong's number for the Greek term of dispensation is 3622, and the transliteration from the Greek is "oikonomia".  It is used 9 times in the entire Bible, two of those occurrences being arguably debateable, but even so, those two questionable ones still conform to the useage and context of the other 7 occurrences.

On the other hand, the transliteration of the Greek term for "age" is "aión", and the Strong's Greek number is 165...totally etymologically unrelated to 3622 "oikonomia".  "Aión" in its various forms is used some 125 times in the New Testament.  ALWAYS clearly referring to a time period or time eternal, never to a JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION or ENDEAVOR.  Some sources will use the term "age" as in "the New Testament age".  The problem with simply switching from saying "dispensation" to saying "age" or "covenant" is _likely_ the Deut 29:29 useage of "for ever" is still again disregarded and still no Scripture context explicitly teaches those unbeliefs.

In case you would lightly forgive wrong useage of "dispensation" and so decide "age" is a better term  with which to carry forward the unbelief, so that you'd think all we have to do is change out "dispensation" for "age" and all is well, STOP!  There has been deceit or incompetence in the manner that "dispensation" has been taught to us...let's take that as serious as it warrants - very, as I've already hinted to!  If the Bible teachers, scholars and preachers have deceitully OR INCOMPETENTLY misappropriated the term "dispensation" like I'm showing you they have, you need to question their standing optherwise to simply rename the corral that contains the same dispensation-connected unbeliefs.  In a large or small way, I and they - yes, my previous self included - have made fools of us with the unbelief they've taught us.  I beg you to think about that sincerely.  The whole point of this presentation is to expose the unbeliefs that insist Bible-day works of God are now obsolete...specifically how those unbeliefs are propagated in the name of name of "dispensation", but if they are propagated in the name of "age", that is just as unbiblical and problematic and incompetence can then be ruled out in favor of intentional deceit!  Receive God's words, not man's, and expect righteousness for doing so. (Rom. 4:3)  Can mere men, authors of Bible dictionaries and commentaries, offer you righteousness for believing them?  Yet God does do that for believing Him.  According to Ps 119:99-100 you can have more understanding than all those teachers when you hold God's Word higher than theirs; you can understand more than the ancients, because you hold to God's precepts when they differ from the commentary and dictionary authors.  Open up your grasp to what you've heretofore been taught from the pulpit of Bible study materials, not so much in entirety, but do so where God's written word clearly disagrees with it.

Remember the contrast between the Thessalonians and the more noble Bereans: the Apostle Paul commended the Thessalonians in 1 Thess. 2:13 "For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe."  Yet even with such high praise, the Bereans are called "more noble" in Acts 17:11 "These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so."  The difference here between commendable and more noble is the extent to which the written Word is magnified, and my hope right here is to encourage you to aspire to noble.  See in what follows that I am offering you scriptures, not regurgitated sermon talk points.  Know that the scriptures (knowledge of, obedience to, declaring of, application of, etc.) are where great power is, and multi-faceted power, at that (a huge number of of scriptures tell of this).  Judge whether these scriptures are in context and worthy of all acceptance, or out of context and unrightly divided.  I've determined to use them in context and rightly divided.

Here, now, is the evidence...what God says and offers us righteousness to believe.

For the very first 3 Bible occurrences of "dispensation" Jesus uses it in Luke 16:2,3,4.  Jesus tells how the unjust steward was told that he was about to lose his "DISPENSATION"...his JOB.  His master was telling that unjust steward that he was about to get FIRED.  The other 6 occurrences of the term are used by the Apostle Paul, and they refer to

1) 3 times of Paul's commission to preach the Gospel (i.e., his JOB - 1 Corinthians 9:17, Ephesians 3:2, Colossians 1:25), or
2) 2 times in referring to a WORK of God (Ephesians 3:9, 1 Timothy 1:4 but presumably not included in some manuscripts), or
3) one time in Ephesians 1:10 referring to "the dispensation of the end of times", which happens to be stated more clearly in the parallel chapter to Ephesians 1 - that chapter being Colossians 1, where verse 20 specifically states that TASK.  When you look, you'll see in a couple of these passages that, once he mentions it, he dwells just a little more on the term "dispensation", so great was his passion about his own.  But NEVER is the term "dispensation" used in the Bible to refer to ANY time or period of time.  Never.  It's ALWAYS a JOB...a TASK...a WORK.  After reading the occurrences using the correct synonyms, we'll see if the currently popular connotation makes any sense at all, and if it fits the understanding of simplicity, as in "...the simplicity that is in Christ..." (2 Cor 11:3)

Expansion of #1 above...these are self-evident that they mean JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION:

1 Corinthians 9:16-17 - "For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!  For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation _of_the_gospel_(italicized) is committed unto me." The three italicized words are not in the untranslated epistle so that "necessity is laid upon" = "dispensation is committed".

Ephesians 3:2 - "if indeed you have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which was given to me for you,"

Colossians 1:25 - "Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;"

Important: Paul never says "...my dispensation...", but rather "...a dispensation...unto me..." or "...the dispensation...to me...".  Yet it is nonetheless self-evidently synonymous with his personal portion of the Great Commission.  Read the verses again if you question that.

Expansion of #2 above:

Ephesians 3:9 (ASV) - "...and to make all men see what is the dispensation of the mystery which for ages hath been hid in God who created all things;"  (ASV is one of a minority of translations that remain true from Greek to English to retaining the term dispensation for clarification here)
The required context for v.9 is set in the prior verse "Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;" (KJV)  Bear in mind that Paul's mere mention 7 verses earlier of the term dispensation started him into this prolonged statement of "his" commission, if you will - the dispensation and grace to preach the Gospel to the Gentiles as in v.6.  (Paul uses the word grace in vs.2,7 & 8 to refer to God's provision for Paul to carry out the dispensation to him - his work of preaching the gospel as delineated in v.6.)  Consistent with v.2, 1 Corinthians 9:17, and Colossians 1:25 Paul does not say "...my dispensation...", but rather "...the dispensation...".  So regardless of whether the article is definite or indefinite, the point still stands that the term means JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION as it does above.  Try synonym swapping - "...to make all men see [learn] what is [God's new endeavor/work-in-progress] heretofore a mystery..." makes much more sense than "...to make all men see what is [the age] heretofore a mystery...".  Observe also in v.5 the term "ages" is correctly used in the way "dispensation" is often misused: "...Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit...".  IF "AGE" AND "DISPENSATION" WERE SYNONYMS LIKE MOST PEOPLE THINK OF THEM, V.5 WOULD BE THE RIGHT PLACE FOR "DISPENSATION" TO BE USED.  That bears repeating ad infinitum!  If you doubt that whatsoever, read the entire chapter in context until it sinks in!



Expansion of #3 above:


I hope now you're better able to know why you were so uncomfortable explaining away many scripture verses that church life obviously doesn't line up with.

1 Cor 1:10
Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment.  This will be impossible if we continue misusing dispensation, plain and simple

Now for the alternative:

From Ecc. 7:8-10 - "Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof...Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this."

Now faith is the successful outcome of one's endeavors to make envisioned desires to happen (Heb. 11:1 understood in context of the remainder of the chapter).  Let's envision the kingdom of heaven and make it happen.  The generation that does so, and there will be one, will be regarded as members of the Hebrews chapter 11 club.

---
## [kernel-patches/bpf@4b3fa41d42...](https://github.com/kernel-patches/bpf/commit/4b3fa41d42c5367750d964d47eae923d1c2e28a8)
##### 2021-06-05 03:15:44 by Maciej Żenczykowski

bpf: do not change gso_size during bpf_skb_change_proto()

This is technically a backwards incompatible change in behaviour,
but I'm going to argue that it is very unlikely to break things,
and likely to fix *far* more then it breaks.

In no particular order, various reasons follow:

(a) I've long had a bug assigned to myself to debug a super rare kernel
crash on Android Pixel phones which can (per stacktrace) be traced back
to bpf clat ipv6 to ipv4 protocol conversion causing some sort of ugly
failure much later on during transmit deep in the GSO engine, AFAICT
precisely because of this change to gso_size, though I've never been able
to manually reproduce it.
I believe it may be related to the particular network offload support
of attached usb ethernet dongle being used for tethering off of an
IPv6-only cellular connection.  The reason might be we end up with more
segments than max permitted, or with a gso packet with only one segment...
(either way we break some assumption and hit a BUG_ON)

(b) There is no check that the gso_size is > 20 when reducing it by 20,
so we might end up with a negative (or underflowing) gso_size or
a gso_size of 0.  This can't possibly be good.
Indeed this is probably somehow exploitable (or at least can result
in a kernel crash) by delivering crafted packets and perhaps triggering
an infinite loop or a divide by zero...
As a reminder: gso_size (mss) is related to mtu, but not directly
derived from it: gso_size/mss may be significantly smaller then
one would get by deriving from local mtu.  And on some nics (which
do loose mtu checking on receive, it may even potentially be larger,
for example my work pc with 1500 mtu can receive 1520 byte frames
[and sometimes does due to bugs in a vendor plat46 implementation]).
Indeed even just going from 21 to 1 is potentially problematic because
it increases the number of segments by a factor of 21 (think DoS,
or some other crash due to too many segments).

(c) It's always safe to not increase the gso_size, because it doesn't
result in the max packet size increasing.  So the skb_increase_gso_size()
call was always unnecessary for correctness (and outright undesirable, see
later).  As such the only part which is potentially dangerous (ie. could
cause backwards compatibility issues) is the removal of the
skb_decrease_gso_size() call.

(d) If the packets are ultimately destined to the local device, then
there is absolutely no benefit to playing around with gso_size.
It only matters if the packets will egress the device.  ie. we're
either forwarding, or transmitting from the device.

(e) This logic only triggers for packets which are GSO.  It does not
trigger for skbs which are not GSO.  It will not convert a non-GSO mtu
sized packet into a GSO packet (and you don't even know what the mtu is,
so you can't even fix it).  As such your transmit path must *already* be
able to handle an mtu 20 bytes larger then your receive path (for ipv4
to ipv6 translation) - and indeed 28 bytes larger due to ipv4 fragments.
Thus removing the skb_decrease_gso_size() call doesn't actually increase
the size of the packets your transmit side must be able to handle.
ie. to handle non-GSO max-mtu packets, the ipv4/ipv6 device/route mtus
must already be set correctly.  Since for example with an ipv4 egress mtu
of 1500, ipv4 to ipv6 translation will already build 1520 byte ipv6 frames,
so you need a 1520 byte device mtu.  This means if your ipv6 device's
egress mtu is 1280, your ipv4 route must be 1260 (and actually 1252,
because of the need to handle fragments).  This is to handle normal non-GSO
packets.  Thus the reduction is simply not needed for GSO packets,
because when they're correctly built, they will already be the right size.

(f) TSO/GSO should be able to exactly undo GRO: the number of packets
(TCP segments) should not be modified, so that TCP's mss counting works
correctly (this matters for congestion control).
If protocol conversion changes the gso_size, then the number of TCP segments
may increase or decrease.  Packet loss after protocol conversion can result
in partial loss of mss segments that the sender sent.  How's the sending
TCP stack going to react to receiving ACKs/SACKs in the middle of the
segments it sent?

(g) skb_{decrease,increase}_gso_size() are already no-ops for GSO_BY_FRAGS
case (besides triggering WARN_ON_ONCE). This means you already cannot
guarantee that gso_size (and thus resulting packet mtu) is changed.
ie. you must assume it won't be changed.

(h) changing gso_size is outright buggy for UDP GSO packets, where framing
matters (I believe that's also the case for SCTP, but it's already excluded
by [g]).  So the only remaining case is TCP, which also doesn't want it
(see [f]).

(i) see also the reasoning on the previous attempt at fixing this
(commit fa7b83bf3b156c767f3e4a25bbf3817b08f3ff8e) which shows
that the current behaviour causes TCP packet loss:

  In the forwarding path GRO -> BPF 6 to 4 -> GSO for TCP traffic, the
  coalesced packet payload can be > MSS, but < MSS + 20.

  bpf_skb_proto_6_to_4() will upgrade the MSS and it can be > the payload
  length. After then tcp_gso_segment checks for the payload length if it
  is <= MSS. The condition is causing the packet to be dropped.

  tcp_gso_segment():
    [...]
    mss = skb_shinfo(skb)->gso_size;
    if (unlikely(skb->len <= mss)) goto out;
    [...]

Thus changing the gso_size is simply a very bad idea.
Increasing is unnecessary and buggy, and decreasing can go negative.

Cc: Dongseok Yi <dseok.yi@samsung.com>
Cc: Daniel Borkmann <daniel@iogearbox.net>
Cc: Willem de Bruijn <willemb@google.com>
Fixes: 6578171a7ff0 ("bpf: add bpf_skb_change_proto helper")
Signed-off-by: Maciej Żenczykowski <maze@google.com>

---
## [tdauth/wowtsr@e0f5090280...](https://github.com/tdauth/wowtsr/commit/e0f509028060f5404e8943f8cba1df7ef4787c91)
##### 2021-06-05 09:23:05 by barade

Improvements

- Add Hideouts to the requirement tooltips for tiers.
- Fix creep respawn rect of group 141 which removes creeps from the center of the Maelstrom.
- Move some Dragons away from the goldmine in Azeroth.
- Remove some trees at the entry of the goldmine at the Tree of Life.
- Dragonhawk Rider does not cause Chaos damage anymore.
- Mention upgrade "Blood Elf Animal War Training" in the tooltip of Dragonhawk Riders.
- All heroes have now Any Tier 2/3 Hall as requirement and no Altar which fixes the tier XP bonus.
- Make Spell Breakers and Control Magic unavailable to Human.
- Translate Cleaving Attack tooltip into English.
- Translate Howl of Terror tooltip into English.
- Massively reduce the percentage of Cleaving Attack to a maximum of 150 % instead of 300 %.
- Add many more upgrades to the Human, Orc Blood Elf and Naga AI.
- Let Orc AI train Spirit Walkers.
- Reduce the number of attacking units of the final wave for Human and Orc AI.
- Add Sorceress to Blood Elves.

---
## [SnoogySocks/Ani-List_Application@f58fce1ea5...](https://github.com/SnoogySocks/Ani-List_Application/commit/f58fce1ea57cd7f2a4844e09b6e0c64ed1039571)
##### 2021-06-05 15:11:45 by Felix

hello darkness my old friend I've come to talk with you again

---
## [joshspeagle/bio-cv@a12935a9f9...](https://github.com/joshspeagle/bio-cv/commit/a12935a9f9f4f57173073b8ae208fc76d2e91826)
##### 2021-06-05 17:57:56 by Josh Speagle

file updates

I set a monthly schedule to try and update portions of my files and the website since I often find it so frustrating when I come across other researcher's websites that are hopelessly out of date (and so helpful when they aren't!). This is my first attempt at trying to keep up with this schedule, which involves some changes to my CV, EDI, and teaching statements. Big changes are:

- Added in my Chinese name (love you mom!). I'm still not sure about whether I'll keep that long term, but I'm starting to do it for publishing so I figured might as well.
- Cleaned up my EDI statement to be shorter and more to the point. 
- Ditto with the teaching statement.

Also debating about whether I want to also add in text related to my personal background and/or mentoring experience since that should probably go somewhere but never quite feels like the right place for it. We'll see how I feel in the future if I can keep this up.

---
## [seavor/Cockatrice@ebe2c494aa...](https://github.com/seavor/Cockatrice/commit/ebe2c494aa4c92f2ed64f94c1ef6df05e63deafd)
##### 2021-06-05 20:33:15 by ebbit1q

remove the stop dump zone command from the protocol (#4326)

the stop dump zone command was implemented as a courtesy to other
players in order to take into account when they would stop looking at
unknown information

however, this can be abused, a malicious client can send this command
whenever they would like

cockatrice is not a physical tabletop nor does it aim to be, if you can
take a screenshot of your deck and then close the view, you are not
cheating as you have been given this information

in order to prevent anyone from abusing this we should remove the
command from the protocol, this means servers will ignore this message
and clients will get a little invalid command reply in their debug log

the extension id will remain reserved

shuffling your deck will always invalidate any card view looking at
those cards

if players wish to signal that they stopped looking at their deck for
whatever reason they should just use the chat instead, optionally using
one of the chat macros

---

# [<](2021-06-04.md) 2021-06-05 [>](2021-06-06.md)

