# [<](2021-02-27.md) 2021-02-28 [>](2021-03-01.md)

2,069,530 events, 1,184,680 push events, 1,701,507 commit messages, 94,575,058 characters


## [SairaBeg/db-class-350](https://github.com/SairaBeg/db-class-350)@[580e94fa20...](https://github.com/SairaBeg/db-class-350/commit/580e94fa20af4507e11b592dcd05d0c1f363ca00)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 00:55:58 by Saira Beg

Task 1 completed
Create table billboard(
id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
artist TEXT NOT NULL,
track TEXT NOT NULL,
album TEXT,

);
INSERT INTO billboard(artist,track,album)VALUES
('Lizzo', 'Truth Hurts','Cuz I Love You'),
('Lizzo', 'Good as Hell','Cuz I Love You'),
('Shawn Mendes', 'Senorita','Shawn Mendes'),
('Billie Eilish', 'Bad Guy','When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?'),
('Lil Tecca', 'Ran$om','Ran$om'),
('Shawn Mendes', 'There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back','Illuminate'),
('Billie Eilish', 'Everything I wanted',NULL);

---
## [EbrahimKaram/HashCode2021](https://github.com/EbrahimKaram/HashCode2021)@[3c702dbee2...](https://github.com/EbrahimKaram/HashCode2021/commit/3c702dbee22a7f97786d01bf31ee7de74573661c)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 02:03:46 by Ebrahim Karam

This was utter bullshit. I ended up just redoing the function work

I couldn't fucking hack it. I ended up just redoing the clearance again. in the function

There is a race condition I'm not seeing. Could be a python issue

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[1005678938...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/1005678938133bf39d3559581947a4059acb4910)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 02:30:54 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-02-27: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (MB, ON, SK); mortality (ON).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “13 new deaths, for a total of 10,385: 5 deaths in the last 24 hours, 6 deaths between February 20 and February 25, 2 deaths before February 20.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [VoidAwake/MythologyAttemptTwo](https://github.com/VoidAwake/MythologyAttemptTwo)@[dde845b0d6...](https://github.com/VoidAwake/MythologyAttemptTwo/commit/dde845b0d6baf99659698f9d03cef87fce8679d2)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 04:15:23 by Habibullah Saleem

Fixed Painter Collider

what the fuck have we done, this can be considered a war crime

---
## [sarken/otwarchive](https://github.com/sarken/otwarchive)@[e4410e8019...](https://github.com/sarken/otwarchive/commit/e4410e8019b59fcc26a8eaa7bc106de218dbb5dd)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 04:17:37 by sarken

AO3-5525 and return instead of && return, fuck you very much, Hound

---
## [ilammy/themis-java-examples](https://github.com/ilammy/themis-java-examples)@[9f1da69293...](https://github.com/ilammy/themis-java-examples/commit/9f1da692933c38cd3d3d125f265372ac2f5f577e)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 04:54:54 by ilammy

Update Android SDK build tools

So... at first my build started complaining about Android Studio being
too old:

    KotlinDslScriptsParameter(correlationId=845362774551736, scriptFiles=[]) => StandardKotlinDslScriptsModel(scripts=[], commonModel=CommonKotlinDslScriptModel(classPath=[], sourcePath=[], implicitImports=[]), dehydratedScriptModels={}) - took 0.003 secs

    FAILURE: Build failed with an exception.

    * What went wrong:
    This version of Android Studio cannot open this project, please retry with Android Studio 4.0 or newer.

    * Try:
    Run with --info or --debug option to get more log output. Run with --scan to get full insights.

    * Exception is:
    com.intellij.openapi.externalSystem.model.ExternalSystemException: This version of Android Studio cannot open this project, please retry with Android Studio 4.0 or newer.
    	at org.jetbrains.plugins.gradle.model.ProjectImportAction.addBuildModels(ProjectImportAction.java:252)
    	at org.jetbrains.plugins.gradle.model.ProjectImportAction.execute(ProjectImportAction.java:127)
    	at org.jetbrains.plugins.gradle.model.ProjectImportAction.execute(ProjectImportAction.java:48)
    	at org.gradle.tooling.internal.consumer.connection.InternalBuildActionAdapter.execute(InternalBuildActionAdapter.java:77)
    	[ 80 exceptions omitted ]
    	at org.gradle.internal.concurrent.ManagedExecutorImpl$1.run(ManagedExecutorImpl.java:48)
    	at org.gradle.internal.concurrent.ThreadFactoryImpl$ManagedThreadRunnable.run(ThreadFactoryImpl.java:56)
    java.lang.RuntimeException: This version of Android Studio cannot open this project, please retry with Android Studio 4.0 or newer.
    	at com.android.build.gradle.internal.ide.StudioVersions.verifyStudioIsNotOld(StudioVersions.kt:54)
    	at com.android.build.gradle.internal.ide.StudioVersions.verifyStudioIsNotOld(StudioVersions.kt:34)
    	[ 120 exceptions omitted ]
    	at java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:624)
    	at org.gradle.internal.concurrent.ThreadFactoryImpl$ManagedThreadRunnable.run(ThreadFactoryImpl.java:56)
    	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:748)

    * Get more help at https://help.gradle.org

    CONFIGURE FAILED in 1s

"Get more help", lol. NO *YOU* need to get help, Android Studio, ffs!
Great! I fucking love timebombs! Good job at mainaining compatibility,
Google! I'm so proud of you!

Well, okay. I didn't have much of a choice here, so I've updated it.

Let's just hope that developers trying out those examples are using the
latest version because that's the only one which is supposed to work, or
so it seems. I guess they are all accustomed to bullying like this.

So... I've updated the IDE and... it started complaining again:

    The specified Android SDK Build Tools version (28.0.3) is ignored, as it is below the minimum supported version (29.0.2) for Android Gradle Plugin 4.0.1.
    Android SDK Build Tools 29.0.2 will be used.

So let's update it and see what happens.

---
## [SammyEnigma/qtjsondiff](https://github.com/SammyEnigma/qtjsondiff)@[669578047f...](https://github.com/SammyEnigma/qtjsondiff/commit/669578047fb620c132996e708be120dd63d8cc7c)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 07:55:46 by coozoo

Whole tree collapse/expand to single selection

aded just two items yeah did it in a ugly way but it's damn easier just
few copy paste actions sorry :)

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[2a41e5986e...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/2a41e5986e311f9345f6116e08a4a32f79af891d)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 08:38:58 by nia

games: add abbayedesmorts.

Cross-platform port of the indie game l'Abbaye des Morts.

In the 13th century, the Cathars, clerics who preached about the poverty of
Christ and defended life without material aspirations, were treated as
heretics by the Catholic Church and expelled out of the Languedoc region in
France. One of them, called Jean Raymond, found an old church in which to
hide from crusaders, not knowing that beneath its ruins lay buried an ancient
evil.

l'Abbaye des Morts has been inspired by the tragic history of the Cathars
and platform games for ZX Spectrum computers like Manic Miner, Jet Set Willy
or Dynamite Dan.

Faith will be your only weapon in this platformer styled like a ZX Spectrum
game. Black backgrounds, 1 color sprites and 1 bit sounds are a proper fit
for a raw story. The lack of details turn on the player's imagination,
creating a unique experience for each player.

---
## [mplaczek99/HashCollisions](https://github.com/mplaczek99/HashCollisions)@[bb2780fc12...](https://github.com/mplaczek99/HashCollisions/commit/bb2780fc12ce88085b598da970b058bfd9612748)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 08:52:04 by mplaczek99

Got DoubleProbingHash and QuadraticProbingHash to work

The goddamn stupid ass QuadraticProbingHash was a pain in the ass

---
## [elias97850/spark](https://github.com/elias97850/spark)@[acc3629b07...](https://github.com/elias97850/spark/commit/acc3629b071119b40d3827677454177fdd95f5bd)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 09:10:27 by elias

Current: Limited chars of textfields, organized and cleaned up

Next: Complexity of password, full name for the users?, "Forgot Password" UI, Firebase accounts, more UX and comments.

Comment: I wasn't going to work on this today, I was going to "take a break", buuuuut... here I am ^.^
I just feel like I'm not doing shit if I'm just watching series all day, idk, and this felt productive xD. AS LONG AS I CAN EVADE AN EXISTENTIAL CRISIS then it's all good.
Hello from the past, hope you have/you're having/you had a great day! And here... https://youtu.be/HLiCZbhZdsM, an adventure awaits, but drink water and take care! << might be a bit cringe xD but it's because I'm listening to that song right now, so put it on 2:40 and read from "Hello from... take care!" and imagine me screaming and waving with a smile from half a mile a way as the sun sets. (I know, I'm very self-aware of how weird all this is xD, it is 5:05am, and I haven't slept, the life of a programmer? Maybe just the life of someone with a fucked up sleeping schedule) BYE!

---
## [tikimcfee/AboutTheLugosEditor](https://github.com/tikimcfee/AboutTheLugosEditor)@[c9b9cff53d...](https://github.com/tikimcfee/AboutTheLugosEditor/commit/c9b9cff53dc544a80a8bbd9024eff5ff358e7fd5)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 10:38:47 by Ivan Lugo

- Scrolling on both sides now
--- just... WOW fucking shit is swiftui not complete yet
--- this will be a fun article maybe
--- omg the wow

---
## [nsheetz/perks](https://github.com/nsheetz/perks)@[75af619d5e...](https://github.com/nsheetz/perks/commit/75af619d5e2705c0a1d048ef17aed1fd10c8db03)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 11:02:47 by nsheetz

visual cleanup

-Remove great big title row taking up valuable page-inches and put more info in the <title>
-Replace "locked items" (since "locked" means something else for most of the UI) with "spoilers", which was really the point of adding this feature anyway.
-Typo fix in target zone toolbox
-Align hub enable label text right because it damn looks better. Still can't get it anywhere near the checkbox though. Curse you sometimes, bootstrap!
-Add missing close-quote on collector count label class that was fucking all kinds of things up while I was trying to manipulate that part of the DOM
-Hide hub-enable input if hubs are locked and spoilers are hidden, or if hubs are unlocked and maxed items are hidden.

---
## [BastianBlokland/novus](https://github.com/BastianBlokland/novus)@[03342614f4...](https://github.com/BastianBlokland/novus/commit/03342614f407d6a7795def3fbf5253597bb597ef)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 11:44:18 by Bastian Blokland

Windows install (#185)

* rt: Add infrastructure for meta commands to novrt

If the first argument starts with two dashes it will be interpreted
as a meta-command. This way we can implement commands like
'--version', '--help' and '--install' etc.

Note: 'novrt' will either execute a meta-command, or a novus
executable. Never both.

* novrt: Add windows install and uninstall meta cmds

Adds registry keys to associate '.nx' files with the novrt executable

* novrt: During windows install register .nx as executable

During installation add '.NX' to 'PATHEXT' env var, to let
windows know that it can execute '.nx' files.

* novrt: Win32 expand the PATHEXT env var

Before we would just place the contents of the machine-wide
PATHEXT into your user PATHEXT if you did not have a PATHEXT yet.

Instead we now expand the machine PAHTEXT with your own.

* novrt: Win32 add to 'Path' env var in install cmd

* novrt: Set friendly type name during win32 install

* build: Add convenience install batch scripts

* build: Update win install batch scripts

They now find the novrt.exe from the dir of the script, instead
of the current working directory,

* build: Statically link the win c++ runtime lib

On windows shipping a c++ redistructable is kinda a pain and
the size of embedding the c++ runtime in our executables is
managable. novrt.exe goes from about 100kb to 500 kb.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5ca9169b58...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5ca9169b58f4065fa6f68fbcece8aed838f061c2)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 12:01:57 by Marko Grdinić

"9:50am. Let me finish chilling and then I will start.

10:10am. Let me start. I need to focus.

I set out to carve out my own path, and I am going to accept all that comes with it. By the end of next week I will know where I stand with respect with Spiral. Most likely the feedback will be poor.

Ideally, I'd have had a good time with everyone seeing the advantages of Spiral right away. That would have been my golden ticket to a brighter timeline.

To make the annoyance of actually reaching out to sponsors even remotely worth it, the path should be smooth. I should not have to think especially hard how to convince them of its benefits. But that way of thinking is just naive. Even though the benefits of having sponsors are so mediocre to the alternative.

The demonic path beckons to me.

I cannot rely on humans. I must draw out the power of the machines and make it my own. I should slaughter and pilage to get my resources.

10:20am. This world is unfair. It would be so much better for everyone around if I could get benefits from Spiral based on its technical merits. But even though my skills are such a perfect fit for supporting the efforts of these hardware companies, I can already see the future where nothing comes from that.

I made that ML library in 2018 for nothing.

In the end, I'll get my benefits from being able to make UIs and concurrency.

10:25am.

```
inl children l c =
    inl len = listm.length l
    inl in_front = a64.init len (fun _ => 0)
    inl prev_widget = a64.init len (fun _ => None)
    inl disp = disposablem.composite.create()
    listm.fold (fun i x =>
        inl subs = subscribe x fun x =>
            match a64.index prev_widget i with
            | None => loop.forDown' (nearFrom: i to: 0) (fun i => a64.set in_front i (a64.index in_front i + 1))
            | Some: x => removeWidget x c
            addWidget x (a64.index in_front i) c
            a64.set prev_widget i (Some: x)
        disposablem.composite.add disp subs
        i+1
        ) 0 l
    |> fun _ => Some: toDisposable disp
```

10:30am. Doing a bit of cleaning and optimization.

...I really am scared of reverse UIs. Teaching agents poker will be a piece of cake in contrast to teaching them how to interact with the world. I am going to have to draw out all my programming skill to deal with this.

But if I could just deal with this I will be able to do anything.

10:30am. Right now, I could be considered an expert programmer in terms of skill, but I not...a what? A true AI practitioner? A true seeker of the Singularity?

I must go further. There is a level beyond the one I am currently. I am still too green to get what I want.

Until I reach that level, this journal which is my inheritance will continue.

At some point I will reach the threeshold of skill and make my passage into the shadows, but until then I might as well continue being a fool.

10:35am. What bothers me the most right now?

The fact that moving and deleting files is so messed up in Spiral! It is like having a bunch of garbage backing up the front porch. I can't stand it.

Damn it. Once I manage to finish DREAM and agent training has started on NL Holdem, I am going to make some time, even a whole month if need be to iron the kinks out.

Right now, I did a really good thing with those streams, but the very top level is such a mess.

I am sending those errors to the server in a mutable fashion, I keep stale data around, I do the deletions directly. Some of the memoization optimizations are working against me...

This just cannot stand. Even though I spent so much time working on this, I clearly haven't done it properly yet.

10:45am. I did it for the sake of the ML library, but it really is such a joy to work on a language. After tasting bitter limitation in 2016, Spiral is giving me so much freedom right now.

But if I want to gain benefits from that, I am going to have to keep working at it.

...

Let me focus on the task at hand.

Before I can make my first UI, I need to put something else into the library. For buttons, I should do the event handler.

```
        def f(args):
            args.text = "X"
            label.text = "The button has been pressed."
        btn.fbind("on_press",f)
```

Let me try out `fbind`.

```
btn.fbind("on_press",f)
```

Yes, this works. Ok.

```
open rx
prototype on_press m : (() -> ()) -> m -> disposable
```

Let me make the prototype this. I'll ignore the first argument which is just the control itself.

How do I create observables from a callback?

```
q = rx.disposable.disposable.Disposable(lambda *x: print("qwe"))
x = rx.disposable.serialdisposable.SerialDisposable()
x.disposable = q
x.disposable = q
x.disposable = q
x.disposable = q
```

This gets disposed once. Ok, I see.

```
// Creates a disposable.
inl create (f : () -> ()) : disposable = $"rx.disposable.disposable.Disposable(!f)"
```

This should do nicely.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.event.html#kivy.event.EventDispatcher.unbind_uid

Actually instead of assuming the uid is u64, I should just leave it as an object.

11:15am.

```
inl bind_zero (event_name : string) (f : () -> ()) x =
    inl uid : obj = $"!x.fbind(!event_name,lambda x: !f())"
    disposablem.create fun () => $"!x.unbind_uid(!event_name,!uid)"
```

Made this helper. Ok...

```
instance on_press button = helpers.bind_zero "on_press"
```

Let me move them in their own module.

For now just being able to respond to button presses is enough.

11:20am. Focus me. What comes next?

...Besides realizing it is the end of the month, so I should download High Rise Invasion to spent a bit of my budget?

Let me make a lithe test file. It is too early to run anything, but I should be able to write out a simple UI and see if the types match. That is what I should do here.

```
-(orientation Vertical)
```

Whops, I got the - wrong.

```
inl (~-) f x c = f x c . None
inl (~+) f x c = Some: subscribe x (fun x => f x c)
inl (~@) f x c = Some: (f x c : disposable)
inl (~#) f x c =
```

This is how I should have done it.

Ok...

```
        children [

            ]
```

Ah, crap. I should have allowed empty lists.

```fs
let sequence_body d = (many1 (indent (col d) (=) (sepBy1 operators (skip_op ";"))) |>> List.concat) d
```

Let me remove that outer `remove1`.

Yeah, that should do it.

This is worth a patch.

```
open kivy
open lithe
inl UI =
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [-text "Press the button."]
            button [
                -text "Press me."
                @on_press (fun () => $"print(\"The button has been pressed.\")")
                ]
            ]
        ]
```

This actually matches. It compiles down to an `() -> observable widget`.

Why don't I run it? I need to make an app, set the root and run this.

```
inl main () =
    inl app = appm.create()
    inl _ = rx.subscribe UI (appm.root app)
    appm.run app
```

This seems good.

Let me give it a try.

```
        v1 = kivy.uix.label.Label()
        v2 = rx.disposable.compositedisposable.CompositeDisposable()
            ^
------------------------------------------------------------

c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\cython_experiments\rx1\lithe_test.pyx:13:13: undeclared name not builtin: rx
```

Keeping track of imports sure is annoying.

```
Error compiling Cython file:
------------------------------------------------------------
...
        v1 = kivy.uix.button.Button()
        v2 = rx.disposable.compositedisposable.CompositeDisposable()
        v1.text = "Press me."
        v3 = Closure2()
        v4 = v1.fbind("on_press",lambda x: v3())
        del v3
           ^
------------------------------------------------------------

c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\cython_experiments\rx1\lithe_test.pyx:48:12: can not delete variable 'v3' referenced in nested scope
```

You son of a bitch.

I am talking to the Cython compiler.

```
open rx
inl bind_zero (event_name : string) (f : () -> ()) x =
    inl f (x : obj) = f ()
    inl uid : obj = $"!x.fbind(!event_name,!f)"
    disposablem.create fun () => $"!x.unbind_uid(!event_name,!uid)"
```

Let me try this for the time being.

```
def __call__(self, object v2):
```

It is telling me that this takes a single argument.

11:55am. Mhhh, no there is something wrong. This v2 is the `observer`. Maybe it should also take in the scheduler?

```
 AttributeError: module 'kivy.uix' has no attribute 'boxlayout'
```

Ah, the problem was in subscribe. I need to pass it the optional arg as well.

But how will I get around the problem of the Cython lambdas being broken?

12pm.

```
inl create forall a. (f : observer a -> disposable) : observable a = $"rx.create(!f)"
```

Actually, I meant to say create. This is not working for me. I am going to have to put in var args into the language.

```
def qwe(* a) : pass
```

Thankfully this is valid syntax.

```
inl create forall a. (f : observer a -> disposable) : observable a = inl f (x : tuple) = f $"!x[0]" in $"rx.create(!f)"
```

Let me do it like this.

12:10pm. Wonderful.

The UI shows up! And the solution I have now is more efficient that partially applying closures. Hopefully I won't run into functions that require callbacks which have both tuple and dict arguments. That would suck."

---
## [Anurean/automated_dollar_cost_averaging_with_coinbasepro](https://github.com/Anurean/automated_dollar_cost_averaging_with_coinbasepro)@[a49e563ced...](https://github.com/Anurean/automated_dollar_cost_averaging_with_coinbasepro/commit/a49e563ced76515c31da54b05bf727b5d6e79ac4)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 12:13:04 by J.C. Lambert

Create Yo-Miss-Gina

I've been kidnapped.
You want to go somewhere else?
My sister is being a big fat psychotic meth whore on a binge again.
How did she get money? Did my mother die and she inherit?
Or did she take out another fraudulent life insurance claim?

---
## [euri10/httpx](https://github.com/euri10/httpx)@[4b8774041d...](https://github.com/euri10/httpx/commit/4b8774041d8d509a70c5636f3c9835d333943234)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 16:36:11 by Changsheng

Allow covariants of __enter__, __aenter__, and @classmethod (#1336)

* Allow covariants of __enter__, __aenter__, and @classmethod

The problem we currently have is the return type of classes such as
Client does not allow covariants when subclassing or context manager.
In other words:

```python
class Base:
    def __enter__(self) -> Base:  # XXX
        return self

class Derived(Base):
    ...

with Derived() as derived:
   # The type of derived is Base but not Derived. It is WRONG
    ...
```

There are three approaches to improve type annotations.
1. Just do not type-annotate and let the type checker infer
   `return self`.
2. Use a generic type with a covariant bound
   `_AsyncClient = TypeVar('_AsyncClient', bound=AsyncClient)`
3. Use a generic type `T = TypeVar('T')` or `Self = TypeVar('Self')`

They have pros and cons.
1. It just works and is not friendly to developers as there is no type
   annotation at the first sight. A developer has to reveal its type via
   a type checker. Aslo, documentation tools that rely on type
   annotations lack the type. I haven't found any python docuementation
   tools that rely on type inference to infer `return self`. There are
   some tools simply check annotations.

2. This approach is correct and has a nice covariant bound that adds
   type safety. It is also nice to documentation tools and _somewhat_
   friendly to developers. Type checkers, pyright that I use, always
   shows the the bounded type '_AsyncClient' rather than the subtype.
   Aslo, it requires more key strokes. Not good, not good.

   It is used by `BaseException.with_traceback`
   See https://github.com/python/typeshed/pull/4298/files

3. This approach always type checks, and I believe it _will_ be the
   official solution in the future. Fun fact, Rust has a Self type
   keyword. It is slightly unfriendly to documentation, but is simple to
   implement and easy to understand for developers. Most importantly,
   type checkers love it.

   See https://github.com/python/mypy/issues/1212

But, we can have 2 and 3 combined:

```python
_Base = typing.TypeVar('_Base', bound=Base)

class Base:
   def __enter__(self: _Base) -> _Base:
      return self

class Derive(Base): ...

with Derived() as derived:
   ...  # type of derived is Derived and it's a subtype of Base
```

* revert back type of of SteamContextManager to Response

* Remove unused type definitions

* Add comment and link to PEP484 for clarification

* Switch to `T = TypeVar("T", covariant=True)`

* fixup! Switch to `T = TypeVar("T", covariant=True)`

* Add back bound=xxx in TypeVar

Co-authored-by: Florimond Manca <florimond.manca@gmail.com>

---
## [derhass/olmod](https://github.com/derhass/olmod)@[d231d1abda...](https://github.com/derhass/olmod/commit/d231d1abdafa74783d7806c71d63c82e9d331c7e)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 16:38:03 by derhass

This is Olmod-0.3.6-RC2-COW.5-DH3.2

- keep player snaphot history in a ring buffer of 4
- add a new time sync algorithm
- add back the option to smoothly interpolate with data from the past
- fixes "collision sound after match end"
- fixes dead player ships moving through level at respawn

Some details on the implementation:

- I tried to add as little as overhead to the existing code as possible,
  I even use a ring buffer of size 4 so that I can use & 3 as shortcut
  for %4 :)
- In the fast path, adding a snapshot message is just storing a single
  NewPlayerSnaptShotToClientMessage, so the overhead of keeping a history
  of the last 4 is negligble, no shifting around previous messages
  as in vanilla code is required due to using a ring buffer.
- In the "slow" path, I would, at message insert time, detect if - and
  how many - snapshots are missing since the last one which was received,
  interpolate the missing snapshots inbetween. I do this at insert time so
  that at render time, which is typically a higher frequency  for most people
  (not for me, though), the code can be kept simple and efficient.
- The code in the render loop expects to always have a number of
   m_last_messages_ring_count  _consecutive_ messages with data which is
  Time.fixedDeltaTime apart each.  And the insertion code tries to create
  missing packets if it detects them.
- The detection of missing frames would have worked by the snapshot message
  timestamps. However, I learned that sometimes they are 8ms apart
  instead of 16, which does not make sense, and also seems not to match
  the data which it contains - it looks like it still is 17ms apart from
  the player ship positions. What is going on on the server is to be
  investigated separatelt
  they are missing.
- I currently do ignore the server timestamps and simply assume that
  consecutively received frames are one physics tick apart, and they
  usually are.
- As a result, the "slow path" at message insertion time is _never_
  taken.
- Since the data is sent in a "reliable" channel which already dealt with
  package loss / duplication to a certain degree, the asumption that two
  consecutively received snapshots are one physics tick apart is almost always
  correct, so I would not even need the timestamps under those conditions.
  (If we switch to a less reliable channel, timestamps would become
  essential again, though).

The "magic" where DH3 differs from COW.5 is the base time for the
interpolation/extrapolation:
- Your code always sets m_last_update_time to the current time of the
  client (network match time, in your case), and this is where things go
  wrong: If the server sends a steady 60Hz of updates, but the network
  latency is not 100% stable, you often get the situation that for a
  frame, no new packet arrived (not a problem so far, extrapolation will
  work nicely), but in the next frame, two packets arrive, but
  m_last_update_time is increased only by one frame, although the
  most recent ship position moved two frames forward. This leads in the ships
  jumping by the amount of one frame as the delta_t will be 16ms off
  relaative to the extrapolation id did earlier.
- My code instead tries to sync the client's Time.time with the
  snapshot sequence it gets from the server, the code is this:

    // check if the time base is still plausible
    float delta = (Time.time - m_last_update_time)/Time.fixedDeltaTime; // in ticks
    // allow a sliding window to catch up for latency jitter
    float frameSoftSyncLimit = 2.0f; ///hard-sync if
    we're off by more than that many physics ticks
    if (delta < -frameSoftSyncLimit || delta > frameSoftSyncLimit) {
        // hard resync
        Debug.LogFormat("hard resync by {0} frames", delta);
        m_last_update_time = Time.time;
    } else {
        // soft resync
        m_last_update_time += 0.1f * delta * Time.fixedDeltaTime;
    }
}

- You might argue that this would mean there is a chance that it will
  fall back to at most 2 frames of interpolation even if extrapolation is
  requested in the setting, and yes, that _can_ happen, but it is _correct_:
- The situation which would trigger this is your ping jumping down by a large value in
  very short time, so that the client receives multiple snapshots in rapid
  succession. If it jumps down by a delta worth more than 2 physics ticks,
  this code does a hard re-sync (will result) in stuttering.
- Your code basically does always the "hard resync", which will directly
  forward any network latency shitter to the ship positions.
- However, if it jumps down less than 34ms (which is the typical case),
  the soft sync case will trigger and basically smooth out the jump over a
  few frames, and converges to keep the offset close to zero again.
  (With the 0.1 factor I set here, a maximum error of 2 converges to a
  negligable 0.3 after just 18 ticks = 0.3 seconds.)
- To actually get into to the interpolation code path (without having
  explicitly requested it via the parameters), several things need to
  occur at once:
  * the effective ping correction level after applying max/scale must be
    lower than 34ms. AND
  * your ping jumps down by approx. 34ms (but not more, since that
    triggers a hard sync).
  If both conditions are met, the code would fall back into
  using some interpolation, but even then, only for one or two frames,
  and it converges back to the desired level of extrapolation within
  fractions of a seconds.
  The ship movement is perceived as smooth during all that time.
  (Effectively, the ships would move a tiny bit faster for about
  0.3s to smoth out a postion error of 34ms, in the worst case.
  Similarly, if the ping would jump up, they would move a tiny bit
  slower).
- Note that this movement speed changes only occur if the ping
  jumps and then stays at that for a longer period of time,
  If you have a normal distribution of of latency around a
  relatively constant average value, the soft resync case
  would only add negligble offsets to the m_last_update_time,
  and would most likely undo it in the next few frames.
- That means that if if your network connection is "stable"  the delta
  value from above will stay close around zero at all times, and if it is
  exactly zero, the extrapolation works exactly as you had it in mind :)
- For my use case with a semi-stable connection and a "low" framerate of
  60HZ, where I often see the pattern of 0 packes received for one render frame,
  but 2 for the next, the delta will oscillate a bit more, but still stay
  reasonably close to zero.

---
## [cuteWarmFrog/artlightparse](https://github.com/cuteWarmFrog/artlightparse)@[54a7ba74cb...](https://github.com/cuteWarmFrog/artlightparse/commit/54a7ba74cb94eb95cf7b3a0179126edf26419309)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 17:12:02 by livshits

Honestly, I can not even imagine work which i hate more than parsing some damn stupid site. That's the last time!

---
## [MariaMod/Young-Maria](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria)@[62a5f1da4a...](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria/commit/62a5f1da4aa44a9065271ac2953c159f5ff1a719)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 17:39:03 by MilkyNail (MariaMod)

Add files via upload

Family Bitch mode update:
- Now, when you start with the Family Bitch perk, the farm is already discovered + you have 50 points of relationship with Ralf, and you didn't see the very first scene with him (when you obtain the collar) + granddad has already seen you with him
- Added a new item to the Dog girl magazine - a realistic dog dildo. Use it to add some FB Corruption for 20 Energy. The only blowjob is available for now
- Now, you can use the cheat codes menu on your Smartphone while in FB mode. The cheat for Corruption will add FB Corruption points (but only in FB mode!)
Other changes:
- Added gifs for a Library scene. The one you see when reading erotic books
- Increased the chance to get pregnant. Base chance - 5% instead of 1% and 15% instead of 2% if you started with the "Blessed mother" perk (you don't have to restart the game)
- Now reading in the Library is not so useless. For 30 points of Energy (instead of 20) you can choose a new book - 'Social literature' and it will give you +1 to all family members' Relationship. Also, I changed the structure of this passage to add more books easier in the future
- Added two scenes by Rachael. When you go to the school detention with non-consensual content enabled and not corrupted enough, you'll see the rape scenes (with male and female teachers). This counts as a 'first interaction,' and you won't see the standard first scene

---
## [copperwater/xNetHack](https://github.com/copperwater/xNetHack)@[17f54d6ce6...](https://github.com/copperwater/xNetHack/commit/17f54d6ce639f3001b304dffccbc226f455b47ba)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 17:42:03 by copperwater

Move sea monsters back to ; and restore zruties

This is a significant move, and a rather large reversal on my part. This
was one of xNetHack's distinctive features. Unfortunately, I now think
it's distinctive in a bad way. For all the time this has been present in
xNetHack, player opinions have largely been negative, varying from those
that are just annoyed at the disruption (why doesn't blessed-genociding
; work now?!) to those memeing about me hating zruties.

Looking back at the original commit messages, the main motivation for
this move was to get monsters off punctuation. Which... does not really
hold up as a compelling reason to do a disruptive change like this.
Particularly because there was nothing that I wanted to use the ; symbol
*for*. It was just a largely ungrounded, principled stance of "monsters
should be on letters whenever possible". And the effort was never
completed - it was going to be practically impossible to get things off
@ or &, and even planning to get golems off ' was significantly
difficult.

This doesn't mean I'm planning to revert all of xNetHack's changes to
monster letters and colors - many of them had solid reasons, such as
decluttering overstuffed symbols (elves to Q, mind flayers to U) or
averting terrible interface design (ghosts/shades off space). But I am
rethinking some others. xNetHack is often recommended as a
"vanilla-like" variant, so tossing in a lot of interface disruptions may
not be a good idea.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6f51ab3d1f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6f51ab3d1f29e4b9931d5bd4925f9990d701c456)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 17:47:26 by Marko Grdinić

"2:15pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me start.

2:30pm. I am thinking how to implement the loop.

```fs
let update =
    pump
    |> Observable.scanInit init (fun model msg ->
        match msg with
        | Increment -> { model with Count = model.Count + model.Step }
        | Decrement -> { model with Count = model.Count - model.Step }
        | Reset -> init
        | SetStep n -> { model with Step = n }
        | TimerToggled on -> { model with TimerOn = on }
        | TimedTick -> if model.TimerOn then { model with Count = model.Count + model.Step } else model
        )
    |> Observable.publishInitial init
```

This is how I did in the first example...

```fs
        let start_stream = Subject.Synchronize(Subject.broadcast,ThreadPoolScheduler.Instance)
        let state =
            let init = {server_count=0; client_count=0}
            start_stream
            |> Observable.map (fun StartExample ->
                Observable.using (fun () ->
                    run [|server (AddServer >> msg_stream.OnNext); client (AddClient >> msg_stream.OnNext)|]
                    |> Disposable.compose (Disposable.Create(fun () -> server_stream.OnNext None; client_stream.OnNext None))
                    ) <| fun _ ->
                // Note: The follwoing mostly works fine, but can drop initial messages. It does not happen during
                // the first subscription so it is only a small problem, but for a correct agent based implementation, check out
                // the 05_ZeroMQ example.
                msg_stream |> Observable.scanInit init (fun model msg ->
                    let update (f : _ ISubject) i x = f.OnNext(Some(i, x)); i+1
                    match msg with
                    | AddServer x -> {model with server_count=update server_stream model.server_count x}
                    | AddClient x -> {model with client_count=update client_stream model.client_count x}
                    )
                )
            |> Observable.switch
            |> Observable.publishInitial init
            |> Observable.refCount
            |> Observable.observeOn ui_scheduler
```

This is how I did in the zeromq example.

```fs
        let state =
            start_stream
            |> Observable.switchMap (fun StartExample ->
                Observable.using (fun () ->
                    // I changed to using an agent because on the weather example it is possible for messages to be sent before
                    // the Observable.scan is ready. This error is present in the 04_Zero_HelloWorld example.
                    let agent = FSharpx.Control.AutoCancelAgent.Start(fun mailbox -> async {
                        let line_counts = Array.zeroCreate l.Length
                        let rec loop () = async {
                            let! (Add(i,x)) = mailbox.Receive()
                            let count = line_counts.[i]
                            (snd streams.[i]).OnNext(Some(count, x))
                            line_counts.[i] <- count + 1
                            do! loop()
                            }
                        do! loop ()
                        })
                    l |> Array.mapi (fun i (_,f) -> f (fun x -> agent.Post(Add(i,x))))
                    |> Messaging.run
                    |> Disposable.compose (Disposable.Create(fun () -> streams |> Array.iter (fun (_,x) -> x.OnNext None)))
                    |> Disposable.compose agent
                    ) (fun _ -> Observable.neverWitness ())
                )
```

This seemed easier back when I first wrote it.

I am going to do things differently. This time. I ma not going to do scanInit or publish the observable.

I'll simplify things to their limit.

2:45pm.

```
inl UI dispatch (state : rx.observable state) =
    inl (~+) f g = +f (rx.map g state)
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [-text "Press the button."]
            button [
                +text (fun x => x.button_text)
                @on_press (fun () => $"print(\"The button has been pressed.\")")
                ]
            ]
        ]
```

Let me modify the + operator.

```
inl (~+) x f g c = Some: subscribe x (fun x => f (g x) c)
```

How about this?

```
inl UI dispatch (state : rx.observable state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [-text "Press the button."]
            button [
                +text (fun x => x.button_text)
                @on_press (fun () => $"print(\"The button has been pressed.\")")
                ]
            ]
        ]
```

```
inl (~#) x f g c =
    inl disp = disposablem.serial.create()
    inl x = subscribe x (fun x => disposablem.serial.set disp (f (g x) c))
    inl d = disposablem.composite.create()
    listm.iter (disposablem.composite.add d) [x; toDisposable disp]
    toDisposable d
```

Let me do this one like so as well. Now I should have full satisfaction.

```
inl ui dispatch (state : rx.observable state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [-text "Press the button."]
            button [
                +text (fun x => x.button_text)
                @on_press (fun () => dispatch Clicked)
                ]
            ]
        ]
```

Now let me work towards implementing this.

Let me make the loop.

3:35pm.

```
inl loop init model view =
    inl subject = subjectm.createBehavior init
    inl state = mut init
    inl dispatch msg =
        inl x = model *state msg
        state <- x
        inl f (dt : obj) = subjectm.onNext subject x
        !!!!Import("kivy.clock")
        $"kivy.clock.Clock.schedule_once(!f)" : ()

    view dispatch (subjectm.toObservable subject)
```

I wonder if there is a way of getting the value from the subject without subscribing to it.

```
q = rx.subject.behaviorsubject.BehaviorSubject(4)
print(q.value)
```

Oh this works. Great!

4:15pm. I did a large refactoring.

```
inl loop init model view =
    inl subject = subjectm.behavior init
    inl dispatch msg =
        inl x = model (subjectm.value subject) msg
        inl f (dt : obj) = onNext subject x
        !!!!Import("kivy.clock")
        $"kivy.clock.Clock.schedule_once(!f)" : ()

    view dispatch (toObservable subject)
```

And here is how this comes out now. Let me try compiling it.

...It works the first time. Nice.

Let me make it a bit more elaborate.

4:30pm.

```
inl view dispatch (state : rx.observable state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [-text "Press the button."]
            button [
                +text fun {times_clicked} =>
                    if times_clicked = 0 then "Click me."
                    else $"f\"The button has been clicked {!times_clicked} times.\""
                @on_press (fun () => dispatch Clicked)
                ]
            ]
        ]
```

This works now. Fixed a little type error to get here.

```
inl x = model (subjectm.value subject) msg
```

Actually, using the subject value is not optimal here. In concurrent settings that could result in me getting a stale value.

4:35pm. No, let me go with this for now.

```
    inl dispatch msg =
        inl f (dt : obj) = onNext subject (model (subjectm.value subject) msg)
        !!!!Import("kivy.clock")
        $"kivy.clock.Clock.schedule_once(!f)" : ()
```

Actually, let me go with this. This will be the ideal way of doing it.

4:40pm. Phew.

With this I've implemented the Elm pattern.

```
open kivy
open lithe

union msg =
    | Clicked

type state = {
    times_clicked : u32
    }

inl model (x : state) = function
    | Clicked => {x with times_clicked#=((+) 1)}

let view dispatch (state : _ state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [-text "Press the button."]
            button [
                +text fun {times_clicked} =>
                    if times_clicked = 0 then "Click me."
                    else $"f\"The button has been clicked {!times_clicked} times.\""
                @on_press (fun () => dispatch Clicked)
                ]
            ]
        ]

inl main () =
    rx.rxImports()
    inl app = appm.create()
    inl _ = rx.subscribe (loop {times_clicked=0} model view) (appm.root app)
    appm.run app
```

Just look at this beauty.

```
inl RxImports =
    !!!!Import("rx")
    !!!!Import("rx.operators")
    !!!!Import("rx.disposable")
    !!!!Import("rx.subject")
```

I do not like having imports outside like this.

Let me distribute them.

4:50pm. Done. No need for those inits anymore. I'll have to do that in the PyTorch library as well, but I'll toe that line when it comes to it. Let me take a short break here.

5:25pm. I am back. Let me put lithe in its own folder just to highlight that it is its own library.

```
packages: |core-
modules:
    rx/
        types-
        disposablem
        subjectm
        main-
    kivy/
        types-
        helpers
        appm
        buttonm
        labelm
        boxlayoutm
    lithe/
        main-
    rx_test
    kivy_test
    lithe_test
```

This is how the project file looks now. In Spiral it is not a good idea to split things up too much. When writing bindings I should favor large modules with lots of functions.

```
// A lot of the functionality here could be adapted without much difficulty for other libraries, but
// this particular instance of Lithe has functionality specific to the Kivy UI library for the Python language.
```

Let me add this note.

Ok...

Lithe itself is essentially complete. I've done all of its core functionality and did the functional declarative UI toy example. This is a tremendous achievement.

In order to increase the breadth of functionality, all I need to do now is add more controls and bindings to their properties.

5:35pm. Right now I am thinking what comes next.

5:40pm. There are some things lacking in the Lithe library. Foremost, I am missing commands. But I don't have a good view of how those should be implemented. Nor do I have a particular use case I could try it out right now.

What should my next goal be? I could do that counter sure. But, I know I can do that and I do not want to waste time doing arbitrary things for the sake of exercise.

Exercise serves the purpose of preparation for challenges one cannot take on. If you can take on the challenges, then you don't need practice. Make the challenge itself the practice.

6:05pm. Right now I am thinking how to rank poker hands of all things.

I really should be thinking about game UIs instead, but my mind goes where it wants. At any rate, I will be able to handle ranking the games.

6:40pm. Done with lunch.

I am still thinking. I need to focus on getting the Leduc poker game done. This will without a doubt be my next goal.

Being able to integrate games with UI is something that would have astonished the me of 2016. This time I will do it. I will exceed my old high.

Normies love to harp about social skills - well, UIs are the social skills of the programming domain. I just need to level them up and I will get to where I want to be."

---
## [AdamLambert001/OperationAgentOrange](https://github.com/AdamLambert001/OperationAgentOrange)@[786946e56b...](https://github.com/AdamLambert001/OperationAgentOrange/commit/786946e56b730edd6db1b1389d42ffdaf0642695)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 18:19:58 by Rob

Did some stuff, can't really remember, added some cool points around camps and shit fuck idk

---
## [voltywolty/Die-Gro-en-Kriege](https://github.com/voltywolty/Die-Gro-en-Kriege)@[d4a09c2413...](https://github.com/voltywolty/Die-Gro-en-Kriege/commit/d4a09c24131549218ff6d187738726393a47f527)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 18:37:55 by TopLad75

buttons font (REMEMBER TO CHANGE HISTORICAL AI FONT IT LOOKS SO UGLY OH MY GOD)

---
## [hipe/downtownfun](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun)@[7096f16c08...](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun/commit/7096f16c08b334333c30397d9985be9e8b794656)
#### Sunday 2021-02-28 20:21:44 by Mark Meves

wip(kiss-rdb): introduce dot2sql ((1612))

Discussion: this is only the beginning. No indexes yet. Other stuff
guaranteed to fail once we try to use this on our data model.

(times)
  02-26 19:54  begin thinking
  02-27 01:28  holy smokes. ok wrote 360 lines of our algorithm &
               data model. zz
        09:17  begin hacking out a CLI to interface with history
        12:21  ok done laying the wiring for CLI and some refactoring.
               now implement it SOMEHOW
        12:55  break for shower and laundry. about to start the schema
               thing omg. saw kids
        21:58  resume
  02-28 00:30  we have one abstract schema from the graph viz, and one
               from the database. time to calculate the diff
        02:07  finished writing schema diff but no test it. too tired
        08:52  ok trying to get to create table
        15:16  done writing tests
.

---

# [<](2021-02-27.md) 2021-02-28 [>](2021-03-01.md)

