# [<](2021-07-04.md) 2021-07-05 [>](2021-07-06.md)

2,914,072 events, 1,429,980 push events, 2,266,207 commit messages, 158,171,943 characters


## [scsrcs/scsrcs.github.io](https://github.com/scsrcs/scsrcs.github.io)@[aecc7415cc...](https://github.com/scsrcs/scsrcs.github.io/commit/aecc7415cc4e459afa37d3514a1d26ec8da46894)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 02:01:26 by SRCS Student Council

EVENT GRID AND MODALS DONE

the bootstrap iso thing did not work turns out it wasn't the library I needed so I deleted all of bootstrap and went back and looked through the bulma documentation and figured out a way to make a COMPLETELY RESPONSIVE grid and I added all of the popups for it (javascript done- appearance not done). Now that this is done I am finally going to have a half hour nap before waking up for class. Fuck you.

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[cc58b11c1d...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/cc58b11c1d065a6cb45fcbc49f1ca81508563a8e)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 02:39:19 by gammafunk

feat: Rework many aspects of Ice Cave maps (hellmonk)

Many ice cave maps don't define variants for the hard difficulty version
of the portal that places at later levels, which means less map variety
at these locations. Additionally, terrain in many maps includes freezing
vapour generators that are randomly placed, leading to annoying gameplay
and many out-of-LOS collateral monster kills. Many maps place large deep
water areas that are either completely enclosed with rock or lead to
spoilery dead ends with no gameplay relevance. Finally, some maps share
common functions and data for defining thematic monsters and loot, but
these are a patchwork that's not used consistently among all maps. This
commit addresses these issues.

Partially based on hellmonk's PR #1942, we add hard variant monster and
item sets to all ice caves. To help achieve this, the vault functions
for items and monsters are generalized and shared to some degree among
all maps. As before this commit, there are two thematic sets of
monsters, natural and demons+undead, but instead of using the natural
set only for easy difficulty and undead+demons only for hard, both sets
have definitions for each difficulty. Both sets define eight monster
definitions using the same glyphs 1 through 8, with a designated
function at each glyph like "statue monster", "miniboss", and "boss".
This way any map can use the definitions interchangeably, regardless of
monster set or difficulty. All but four maps use these monster sets, and
the three "sprawling caverns" can use either set at either difficulty,
randomly choosing between the two.

The monster lists have been tweaked to be more coherent with more
well-defined difficulty progression. For statue monsters, we use ice
statue for both sets at easy, orange crystal statue for the natural
natural at hard difficulty, and obsidian statue for undead+demon at
hard. To allow Shadow Creatures to work for orange crystal statues and
the player spell, both monster sets defined appropriate random monster
lists at both difficulties. Additionally the simulacrum lists used by
the undead+demon set have been expanded to have definitions at both
difficulties, rebalanced, and refactored to be more easily reused.

Both sets now define two boss monsters, a stronger, but smaller group
monsters and a weaker, but larger group monster, and most maps randomly
choose one of these two configurations. For the natural monster set at
easy difficulty, the player faces either two ironbound frosthearts or a
single frost giant. At hard difficulty, this is either two or more frost
giants or one to two shard shrikes. For the undead+demons set at easy
difficulty, the player faces either two bog bodies or a single reaper.
At hard difficulty, this is either two or more blizzard demons or one to
two ice fiends.

Trivia: the infamous double ice fiend found on ice_cave_small_demon at
hard difficulty was due to a bug where the original author misapplied a
substitution pattern used in other maps. They meant to give either two
blizzard demons or one ice fiend, and gave instead either one blizzard
demon or two ice fiends. This double fiend is so universally loved that
I made it possible on any map using the undead+necro set at high
difficulty, albeit with reduced chance. I also expanded the idea to the
natural monster set using shard shrikes. Enjoy!

The ice-themed common loot definitions have been improved to have six
common classes of items: three tiers of armour (aux+light, medium, and
heavy), two tiers of weapons (any weapon and upper-tier weapons), and a
magic set (books, enhancers, jewellery, and misc items). Additionally,
necromancy-themed maps share a common ice-themed necromancy loot
definition. These definitions used to some degree by all maps, replacing
the many different and overlapping definitions used previously. Larger
maps that place loot items at early or midpoint locations now always
place one of the armour class items at these locations, so a player
might get access to rC before the map is finished. The tier of armour
item at these locations is randomized, so it won't always be light
armour, for example.

For maps that previously had hidden water caverns, we turns some of
these areas on each map into randomized shortcuts that are each open 50%
of the time. These shortcuts contain either deep water (encouraging use
of flight or amphibiousness) or floor with a freezing vapour generator.
These shortcuts are at fixed locations that provide meaningful skips of
significant fights and in a way where collateral monster deaths to
freezing vapour will be reduced. More randomly placed freezing vapour
machines are gone altogether, with the exception for the ones at the end
of ice_cave_small_demon. All freezing vapour machines now place with the
same power level (cloud duration), but vary by size (number of clouds
placed) as appropriate for their map location.

Many other aspects of monster placement and composition have changed on
a per-map basis. Comments have been updated at the top of each map to
summarize types of monsters and loot, and there are comments for each
group of SUBST/NSUBST/SHUFFLE. On each map, comments above the
conditional check for hard or easy difficulty describe the major
differences between the two difficulties. Some additional notes on
specific maps:

ice_cave_small_demon: Any reaper placed now gets a robe of cold
resistance and either a ring of protection from cold or a ring of ice,
bringing it to rC+++ and freezing vapour immunity. Gone are the days of
the mysterious dead reaper! This map could randomize between reapers and
blizzard fiends since it doesn't have an explicit necromancy theme, but
for now we're going with reapers only for tier 2 demons.

ice_cave_statue_garden_transporter: The final transporter area has been
reworked to be small enough so it can be entirely seen by the player
before taking the transporter.

ice_cave_statue_garden_chambered: The map was created before circlelos
became squarelos, when visual range was 8 squares for all characters.
Hence its ice statues were all in view of each other before squarelos,
but it wasn't updated for the reduction of visual range to 7 squares.
I've reduced the map two squares in its longest dimension to bring them
back within LOS of each other.

Closes #1942.

---
## [KrTeSeriesK/Funkin-Champions](https://github.com/KrTeSeriesK/Funkin-Champions)@[7c29e3be4b...](https://github.com/KrTeSeriesK/Funkin-Champions/commit/7c29e3be4b16a76f9021ecb99a7d9fad66de0ae5)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 03:34:49 by Allan

mickle madness readme shit

the fuck do you think it is

---
## [Geniye1/Enge](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge)@[ae455fe3f7...](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge/commit/ae455fe3f7d6dd1e5e6fe84c19c2e16fca348bbd)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 03:51:08 by Jack Strayer

HA FUCK YOU IMGUI FIGURED OUT WHICH FLAG IT WAS TO CHECK IF THE MOUSE WAS HOVERING OVER THE TITLE BAR ONLY WOW THAT TOOK 2 DAYS IMAGE IF I HAD ACTUAL DOCUMENTATION TO GO OFF OF AND NOT JUST ONE SINGLE GIT ISSUE THREAD COULDA SAVED ME 2 DAYS LMAO deadass though now you can drag windows and click widgets within the windows without the damn thing moving the camera

You can though still move the camera if you click in blank space in the window but imma just call that a feature and move on with my life

---
## [KrTeSeriesK/Mickle-Madness](https://github.com/KrTeSeriesK/Mickle-Madness)@[107bb3516c...](https://github.com/KrTeSeriesK/Mickle-Madness/commit/107bb3516cf2d30818ba21c8ee7fbd3d3ae7e3d1)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 05:41:56 by Allan

stupid fucking shit it won't fucking animate what am i doing wrong

---
## [Geniye1/Enge](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge)@[cd0da33384...](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge/commit/cd0da33384475db3c138c83fbe5d9a4b5d25d26e)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 07:43:06 by Jack Strayer

Huh yeah no need to be impressed but *shits* yeah I did the math to preserve the aspect ratio of the viewport whenever it's resized huh yeah im kinda a big deal (full transparency I have absolutely no idea why part of it works I just started throwing in values and it worked so you know what fuck it also its not exactly 16:9 and is probably riddled with bugs but fuck you lmao)

---
## [Sonnet-Discord/sonnet-py](https://github.com/Sonnet-Discord/sonnet-py)@[6a826504e6...](https://github.com/Sonnet-Discord/sonnet-py/commit/6a826504e64355567f7055dda5a9c51141c8568d)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 12:02:33 by ultrabear

holy shit, implement stupidly smart infraction rendering

---
## [ajkhoury/ReClassEx](https://github.com/ajkhoury/ReClassEx)@[e4450bcf86...](https://github.com/ajkhoury/ReClassEx/commit/e4450bcf8673e3ffa3f05c87b3b1e03b970b6f1d)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 14:03:37 by user1

I added some changes to make the generated classes compile properly without having to be manually reordered.

Summary:

* When the 'generate' button is clicked, each class is added to a Class Dependency Graph, and each class that class references is added as a depenedency.
* There are two dependency types - POINTER and INSTANCE.
    * POINTER references can be solved with a forward declaration.  However, a simple reordering can solve that dependency and limit the forward declaration spam at the top of the generated file.
    * INSTANCE references can only be solved with reordering.  If class B contains an instance of class A, A must come before B in the generated file, no way around it.
* The graph is then recursively traversed - starting at nodes with no dependencies - with classes being added to the 'ordered' class collection.
* Circular dependencies (A points to B points to C points to A) are solved with forward declarations (C comes before B comes before A, with A being forward declared)
* The result is the output has fewer forward declarations and classes don't need to be manually reordered.  In my DayZ Reclass file (which inspired this work, because it takes me a lot of time manually reordering every time I generate the output) there are only 5 forward declarations with 356 classes.

Details:

The graph class itself is pretty simple.  It maintains a mapping of CNodeClass pointers to DependencyNodes.  Each node knows what class it represents, and has two vectors of edges - incoming edges (another class depends on this one) and outgoing edges (this class depends on another).  Each edge knows what node it points to, as well as whether the dependency is of POINTER or INSTANCE type.

Edges are generated by walking each node in a class and adding a dependency edge for each pointer, instance, instance array, and pointer array.  Parallel edges (duplicates) are not added, nor are simple recursive edges (a class has a pointer to an instance of that same class).  Other types (function ptrs?  Can we prototype those in ReClass?) may be necessary here, but these were all I could figure out without asking someone.

ClassDependencyGraph            depGraph;
    // Add each class as a node to the graph before adding dependency edges
    for (auto cNode : this->m_Classes) {
        depGraph.AddNode(cNode);
    }
    for (auto cNode : this->m_Classes) {
        for (size_t n = 0; n < cNode->NodeCount(); n++)
        {
            CNodeBase* pNode = (CNodeBase*)cNode->GetNode(n);
            NodeType Type = pNode->GetType();
            switch (Type) {
            case(nt_pointer):
            {
                CNodePtr* pPointer = (CNodePtr*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* pointerClass = pPointer->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, pointerClass, DependencyType::POINTER);
                break;
            }
            case(nt_instance):
            {
                CNodeClassInstance* pClassInstance = (CNodeClassInstance*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* instanceClass = pClassInstance->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, instanceClass, DependencyType::INSTANCE);
                break;
            }

            case(nt_array):
            {
                CNodeArray* pArray = (CNodeArray*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* instanceClass = pArray->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, instanceClass, DependencyType::INSTANCE);
                break;
            }

            case(nt_ptrarray):
            {
                CNodePtrArray* pArray = (CNodePtrArray*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* pointerClass = pArray->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, pointerClass, DependencyType::POINTER);
                break;
            }
            }
        }
    }

Ordering dependencies in the graph is simple in naive cases.  Just start at nodes that have no dependencies (leaf nodes) and recursively visit dependencies, adding them to an ordered class vector as you go.  This works great until you hit circular dependencies - you'd recurse until death.  That's where forward declarations are needed.  If you hit a node that is already being processed, you know you've thrown that ass in a circle.  So that's when you throw your hands up and forward declare - but you can only do that for a POINTER dependency, not an INSTANCE one.

You can see in this graph that DayZPlayer instances Entity which points to physicsObject which points to DayZPlayer.  And if that's the order you hit the nodes in, you're fine - just forward declare DayZPlayer.  However, there exists a path from gpWorld -> World -> N0000120E -> Entity -> PhysicsObject -> DayZPlayer -> Entity.  In that case, when you realize you're in a cycle you're at an INSTANCE dependency and you can't solve it with a forward declaration.

I wasn't sure what the correct way to handle this was, so I kind of improvised a solution.  At the beginning of graph solving, all nodes which have incoming INSTANCE type dependencies are marked.  Then, when they're visited during recursion, if they're being visited across a POINTER dependency edge, they're forward declared and not processed further.  So when you hit gpWorld -> World -> N0000120E -> Entity, it knows Entity has incoming INSTANCE dependencies, so instead of recursing and ending up in DayZPlayer, it adds a forward declaration for Entity and bails out.  Then, later (and along a different path that doesn't go through Entity), DayZPlayer is visited normally and it recurses into Entity, and all is well.

With forward declarations generated and the classes in dependency order, output goes on as normal, except instead of iterating of m_Classes, it iterates over the set of forward declarations and the in-order vector of classes instead.

To generate the visualized graph, I put a ToDot method in the DependencyGraph, which generates a GraphViz Dot representation of the graph.  I left it in as it may end up being useful in troubleshooting in the future.

---
## [GardenGnome164/Revival-EasyChat](https://github.com/GardenGnome164/Revival-EasyChat)@[7cf92f8d43...](https://github.com/GardenGnome164/Revival-EasyChat/commit/7cf92f8d434030e80e11b34eafb5252d9430e25e)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 14:46:17 by GardenGnome164

Local OOC n Shit Yktv

Read the summary u blind bat hobo looking ass mf. That shit be flashing as a mf now too kinda lit asf no kizzy kap.

---
## [JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse)@[94aa70cfcc...](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse/commit/94aa70cfcc39ab85f42497587b3774f9808a0dc6)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 15:38:59 by JudeForNothing

Rebekah Beta 5

additions
Added the Red Heart slash synergy special attack with Spirit Sword
Improved Soul Heart Epic Fetus, Tech X, Mom's Knife and Dr. Fetus synergy
Improved teleport sprite of Soul heart
Unique knife sprites for soul and evil mode barrages
Added special Gold Heart neds for Brimstone and Mom's Knife
Fixed Gold Heart Rebekah's hair, resprited the hair to be shorter
Reworked Rebekah's Mirror, now has more than one use depending on the amount of players that exist
Rotten Mode now has a dr. fetus/epic fetus synergy, with the fly balls and seeker bombs from them being bomb flies
Custom costume for broken Rebekah
Rebekah now has a giant mega mush sprite
Starting room instructions added for Rebekah
Rebekah now has a custom sprite if with co-op play alongside Isaac, and J&E (not the tainteds!)
Main Menu now works for Rebekah
Added Co-op icons for Rebekah and "Tainted" Rebekah
"Tainted" Rebekah cannot be accessed
  attempting to access through the main menu restarts the game and changes you into Rebekah
  attempting to access through the co-op menu changes your character into Rebekah

balances
ludo-knife synergy has been drastically decreased in amount of knives, to accomdate the limitations of the game
spawning neds has a maximum cap of 4 now. if more than 4 neds, just heals the current existing neds instead
level 1 normal ned's tear damage is nerfed (was probably 3.5, now 2.5), speed increased (was 10, now 16)
level 1 knife ned's knife has been shrunken (was 1 to 0.8)
level 1 brimstone ned brimstone length now has a limit (to 100)
leveling up to level 3 ned's now have a priority system: defending > barbaric > commander > christian
level 3 neds can move randomly if you are idle
improved screaming ned ai, spear which is flying for over 30 frames gets removed, causing ned to go back into idle state
improved christian ned ai, charging for more than 30 frames just makes him back into idle
barbaric ned's spin attack has been optimized slightly
christian ned ai now allows him to wander randomly
improved defending ned's blocking code
removed defending ned slamming code
rework bone heart dash, dashes in quick succession, dealing damage. constant use makes cooldown more slower over time
removed skull tears out of bone splashing pool
bone jockey got changes
  bone jockey idle chomp damage is nerfed (was 2x dmg, now 1.4x dmg)
  bone jockey now can fly if Rebekah has dogma
  when calling the corpse, if jockey gets stuck an anti softlock will trigger if it takes the jockey too long to be called
  hitbox is now 35 in radius (was 10)
  now has a unique heart bar, which indicates how much time you have left
  improved pathfinding
nerfed rotten attack fly damage to player.dmg/3 (was player.dmg/1.4)
rotten attack fly now has health so they dont die immediately
rotten fly ball only now moves randomly, double tap move to influence direction
rotten fly ball has a chance to fire a rotten attack fly
debug 3 parry for broken heart now has a chance to drop random hearts instead of an instant heal
debug 5 has a chance to use emergency card now (1/5 chance)
debug 8 now is random, 1/10 chance for active items to charge full, 1/10 chance to drop batteries or else charge half the max charge of active item
debug 12 now is not a guaranteed collectible, but a bunch of random items
added heart reserve cap, starting at 3, increase by getting birthright

fixed bugs
ludo tech synergy should work again
ludo with dr. fetus synergies with special barrages now work correctly
soul epic fetus special barrage target now has a line tracing
ned level 2 now has proper collision and working health
fixed bug where every level 3 ned's player is always parented to player 1
firetear needs toproperly locate where to spawn
when in jockey bone mode, you can now turn your tractor beam
entering a new room in jockey bone mode doesnt spawn the corpse anymore
bone jockey now probably tracks the player's corpse without errors
bone jockey probably does not have any heart reserve purchasing issues
bone jockey now plays the correct charging sound
failed parry animation now works correctly
heart reserve correctly purchases and uses stocks now for each mode
heart reserve is now persistent after quitting runs
heart reserve position for all 4 players has been corrected
rottenhead needs to not add hidden head texture if activated head familiars
rotten fly spawning now triggers with nontear based weapons
fixed bug where debug 4 dmg buff would never go away with non tear fire events
debug 2 now works
removed the big horn sprite in the mod, why does that even exist?
mirror now spawns correctly in 1x2 rooms
mirror now only changes modes after the initiate animation is finished

---
## [dubit/react-native-svg](https://github.com/dubit/react-native-svg)@[22bdfa930e...](https://github.com/dubit/react-native-svg/commit/22bdfa930e31ce51f0ed76c1fa1c85a344becbe6)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 18:54:05 by Danish

Update obsolete compile to implemenation 


Hi, as React native 0.56.0 is released with MAJOR android changes such as:

-Gradle 3.5.1
-Compile using Android SDK 26
-Google Maven repo
-etc

more about Change log, specially of Android Here, https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#android-projects-are-now-compiled-using-the-android-26-sdk
and https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#android-specific-changes

Aslo as Per Google new "Google Play's target API level requirement", mentioned here  https://developer.android.com/distribute/best-practices/develop/target-sdk

"Google Play will require that new apps target at least Android 8.0 (API level 26) from August 1, 2018, and that app updates target Android 8.0 from November 1, 2018."

It's clear that Android would be moving to new Gradle and new SDK changes, Thus creating a new type of error that is:

"Configuration 'compile' is obsolete and has been replaced with 'implementation' or 'Api'" 

more about the Old and new configuration please see this https://developer.android.com/studio/build/gradle-plugin-3-0-0-migration?utm_source=android-studio#new_configurations 
at the heading of "Use the new dependency configurations"

Therefore, all old "compile" should be now "implementation" or "provided" should be "compileOnly"

I have tested the with "compile" and "implementation" in my current release ready product and also by "renaming" "compile" to "implementation".
Also tested with higher andorid SDK configs such as of below:

```
ext {
    buildToolsVersion = "27.0.3"
    minSdkVersion = 19
    compileSdkVersion = 27
    targetSdkVersion = 27
    supportLibVersion = "27.1.1"
}
```

so SDK 27 was also compiled successully. test on Android phone with ADK 23 all looks good. Thus, `react-native-svg` was working just fine as intended. thank you so much for this package btw. Love this package so much :)

Therefore, Please would it be possible to merge as i am sure many new projects and old one are going to update specially Gradle and SDK as of Google new requirements. 

related mention of Upgrading issue mention here https://github.com/facebook/react-native/issues/20273#issuecomment-405959030


Moreover, if someone still have any issue after upgrading everything successfully, then he should use following in build.gradle under `andorid/build.gradle`

```

subprojects {
    afterEvaluate {project ->
        if (project.hasProperty("android")) {
            android {
                compileSdkVersion 27
                buildToolsVersion '27.0.3'
                supportLibVersion = "27.1.1"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

---
## [newstools/2021-the-times](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-times)@[64c51a63a9...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-times/commit/64c51a63a93e4e85c54c9771df954c8df756ab74)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 19:30:59 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.timeslive.co.za/tshisa-live/tshisa-live/2021-07-05-snaps--skolopad-married-the-love-of-her-life-i-love-everything-about-him/]

---
## [kavithamvijayan/QueueMaster](https://github.com/kavithamvijayan/QueueMaster)@[464ac0a286...](https://github.com/kavithamvijayan/QueueMaster/commit/464ac0a2863edfacc85bce58a5fc8a14109c718f)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 19:52:13 by kavitha Mapranath Vijayan

Create README.md

Abstract
This application is built for Android devices. It is used to locate places for buying essential items and can purchase from doorsteps or curbside pickup. It is based on a token system that means it will generate tokens for the customers and an estimated wait time for them. It is easy to use as no technical knowledge is required to use this application. This application will fully support any android device.
In this application, we used Java, Android for the development of the application and Extensible Markup Language (XML) and Material Design for Application designing and firebase for the database.
This application is developed to Assist the public so that during this pandemic they can properly and safely tackle the situations. 
To develop an application that can be used for the betterment of people during these difficult times so that during pandemics everyone will be able to be safe and protected.
Introduction
Long queues outside stores are very common now. We don’t have to stay in time-consuming and energy-draining queues anymore. This idea will help everyone who goes shopping and to get any kind of services and those who don’t like to wait in long queues. Long queues to get any service due to COVID 19. By implementing our idea people can save time and energy. It is difficult for people to stay outside for long in challenging weather. Some people might want to buy just one or two items. It is really frustrating to stay in long queues for that. For example, grocery shopping, which happens frequently. It’s frustrating and time-consuming to stay in long queues. The customer can feel that even going grocery shopping is a burden to themselves. They could get a feeling that they could have used that time for something productive. They don’t have to stand in queue for long and will not waste customer time. It brings back the convenience is the shopping. Also, we are implementing physical distancing also by making people not stay around.

 
Features
Effective queue management: 
The queue will be managed properly to avoid misunderstanding and chaos, as well as overcrowding. 
Providing customer support:
Customer support and assistance will be provided to the customers as per their needs.
Adding features and updating the application as per the requirement:
Implementation and updating of the Application will be done on a regular basis to provide a better user experience.
Shops 
Revenue will be generated from the shop maintaining teams as well as the organizing committee of an event who wants to manage the public and queues.
Future plans:
In-App purchase: 
in-app purchases are the purchases the users can make to make changes to the application as such if a user doesn’t want to see the annoying ads and pop-ups so he can upgrade the services of the application by paying for the application after which ads will be completely removed from the application.
Advertisements: 
Ads will be shown in the application as pop-ups and banners so the revenues can be generated from the businesses and the organizers who want to publish their ads on our application.

---
## [sojourn-13/sojourn-station](https://github.com/sojourn-13/sojourn-station)@[6cd4e52e12...](https://github.com/sojourn-13/sojourn-station/commit/6cd4e52e12a61b1f21f3956203ef96c357d22f50)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 21:06:54 by Churro55

Hunter Gear Update 1

Give some more love to the Hunter's Lodge in the form of 4 new exclusive items:
-New boots, come with two different styles that you can swap between - Tahca and mukhwa.
-New gloves
-New weapon! The Hunting Claw
-New sheath, made specifically for the Hunting Claw
Recipes for all of them, exclusive to Hunters
They are slightly upgraded variants of anything that can be spawned or colony made and come with a base price tag of 200 credits (except the Claw and sheath, which you shouldn't trade really) to give the Hunters something to actually trade and export apart from animal fangs and cakes.
No, you don't spawn with them, no, not even the Huntmaster. Fuck you, craft them.
Credits:
HUGE shoutout to Zienite for holding my hand through the entire process and patiently answering a hundred questions
To me, for making the cool sprites

---
## [thwackertoon/thwackville](https://github.com/thwackertoon/thwackville)@[88fcf1cf67...](https://github.com/thwackertoon/thwackville/commit/88fcf1cf67d7cd34aafcd56f3b1e33fed8909b45)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 21:45:18 by Whymer Ci

this dudes an ugly ass bitch

lol my photoshop skills cant even fix him

---
## [CircuitLaunch/colab_reachy_control](https://github.com/CircuitLaunch/colab_reachy_control)@[890f096cc3...](https://github.com/CircuitLaunch/colab_reachy_control/commit/890f096cc30be3242581e6857e8732739f0cda57)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 22:01:45 by tigakub

edj: OMG ros is such a bitch. Fucking add_dependencies(interpolator ... in CMakeLists.txt ... never touched it before. Had to uncomment it for it to build the messages?

---
## [RealSeraphina/Mac_Hall_Downloader](https://github.com/RealSeraphina/Mac_Hall_Downloader)@[33d8aa6b15...](https://github.com/RealSeraphina/Mac_Hall_Downloader/commit/33d8aa6b15a7e18916e47dbe72706c4d5eb50d71)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 22:52:31 by Seraphina

Add files via upload

Initial and final upload. This is a simple script I wrote because a friend asked me how I enjoy being a TA and 20021223.jpg came to mind. Honestly, I love my students and they are awesome.

---
## [Gibsonogram/streamlit](https://github.com/Gibsonogram/streamlit)@[484835230f...](https://github.com/Gibsonogram/streamlit/commit/484835230ffa13ed245c66272749ec776682f509)
#### Monday 2021-07-05 23:49:40 by gibsonogram

started analysis and boy oh boy was it a shithow to align these series, I should have been more rigorous with the timing of my wsb scraping. Analysis is still possible and I'm beginning to find correlation among the series

---

# [<](2021-07-04.md) 2021-07-05 [>](2021-07-06.md)

