# [<](2021-12-13.md) 2021-12-14 [>](2021-12-15.md)

3,756,056 events, 1,908,515 push events, 2,894,593 commit messages, 238,368,834 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[4610f700eb...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/4610f700eb74a3a41555e69c4904ad897caf2d99)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 02:58:07 by LemonInTheDark

Fixes up multiz atmos connection, cleans some things up in general (#63270)

About The Pull Request

ALLLRIGHT so
Multiz atmos was letting gas flow down into things that should be well, not flowable into
Like say doors, or windows.

This is weird.

Let's get into some context on why yeah?

First, how do things work currently?

atoms have a can_atmos_pass var defined on them. This points to a define that describes how they interact with
flow.
ATMOS_PASS_NO means well, if we're asked, block any attempts at flow. This is what walls use.
ATMOS_PASS_YES means the inverse
ATMOS_PASS_DENSITY means check our current density
ATMOS_PASS_PROC means call can_atmos_pass, we need some more details about this attempt

These are effectively optimizations.

That var, can_atmos_pass is accessed by CANATMOSPASS() the macro
It's used for 3 things.

1: Can this turf share at all?
2: Can this turf share with another turf
3: Does this atom block a share to another turf

All of this logic is bundled together to weed out the weak.

Anyway, so when we added multiz atmos, we effectively made a second version of this system, but for vertical
checks.

Issue here, we don't actually need to.
The only time we care if a check is vertical or not is if we're talking to another turf, it's not like you'll
have an object that only wants to block vertical atmos.
And even if you did, that's what ATMOS_PASS_PROC is for.

As it stands we need to either ignore any object behavior, or just duplicate can_atmos_pass but again.
Silly.

So I've merged the two, and added an arg to mark if this is a verical attempt.
This'll fix things that really should block up/down but don't, like windows and doors and such.

Past that, I've cleaned can_atmos_pass up a bit so it's easier for people to understand in future.
Oh and I removed the second CANATMOSPASS from immediate_calculate_adjacent_turfs.
It isn't a huge optimization, and it's just not functional.

It ties into zAirOut and zAirIn, both of which expect to be called with a valid direction.
So if say, you open a door that's currently blocking space from leaking in from above, you end up with the door
just not asking the space above if it wants to share, since the door can't zAirOut with itself.

Let's just wipe it out.

This makes the other code much cleaner too, heals the soul.

Anyway yadeyada old as ass bug, peace is restored to the kingdom, none noticed this somehow you'd think people
would notice window plasma, etc etc.
Why It's Good For The Game

MUH SIMULATION
Also fuck window gas
Changelog

cl
fix: Fixed gas flowing into windows from above, I am.... so tired
fix: Fixes gas sometimes not moving up from below after a structure change, see above
/cl

---
## [Mixinors/Astromine](https://github.com/Mixinors/Astromine)@[55c879b415...](https://github.com/Mixinors/Astromine/commit/55c879b415ea0c388f154de8d3e09d9ff6055c3b)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 04:21:35 by Shnupbups

oh god oh fuck

the tag stuff is a mess, gonna redo it all again tomorrow, right now i have a headache and haven't slept in about 30 hours

it works though

---
## [rHermes/adventofcode](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode)@[ddb76da200...](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode/commit/ddb76da200f381e761160a29086db65ac24bd601)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 07:26:22 by Teodor Spæren

2021 Day 14

Second good problem of the year!

This is very similar to a lot of previous years, but there you have more
involved transformations. I spent most of my part 1 on actually getting
the most used character down. I need to get a grip on the "Counter"
class in "collections", I spent so much time on that shit :(

For the second half I quickly recognized that it was not going to work
to just bruteforce it. I quickly realized that you could just consider
each pair of characters alone, and simply evolve all pairs at once. I
then spent the next 20 minutes fiddling with two things:

Keeping track of the character count. In the beginning I thought I could
just add the first letter of each pair and get the answer that way. This
turns out to actually work, but due to another bug it did not work. So I
tried various things, but in the end I made a separate structure for
tracking the character counts.

This still didn't work on my example. This was very weird, until I
finally gave up and plotted the two solutions, bruteforce and my smart
solution, against each other and realized that my input has pair
combinations more than once. I had hardcoded each pair to 1 in my
initial setup, so that was why it was failing.

I now realize that my idea of adding the first letter in each pair would
also have worked, plus the end character, as it's the only one not seen
this way, but due to the other bug it didn't.

I wouldn't have placed either way, but a silly bug! I'm very happy with
having a nice day anyway! I will sit down and finally learn the damn
"Counter" class, as I fumbled so much with it on part one.

Score:
      --------Part 1--------   --------Part 2--------
Day       Time   Rank  Score       Time   Rank  Score
 14   00:06:51    287      0   00:27:04    778      0

---
## [chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod)@[49bb7e6685...](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod/commit/49bb7e6685274d92a2fbcc32a279c8ab950194de)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 08:09:12 by Chaosvolt

Split up lifedraining effects, reduce stamina buffs

* Set it up so that most sources of life drain dole out less pain and
stamina recovery than when using the cursed sword.
* Nerfed a lot of effects that boosted stamina recovery by heavy
amounts, making it harder to spam Magic Signs infinitely with certain
crazy combos.

---
## [ashfordneil/advent-of-code-2021](https://github.com/ashfordneil/advent-of-code-2021)@[34204a581f...](https://github.com/ashfordneil/advent-of-code-2021/commit/34204a581f1e453010617159afe6fe72dc3ff3e7)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 09:47:40 by Neil Ashford

Day 14 done!

This one was tricky. I mean, the final solution was easy enough to
write once I started thinking in digrams. And the original solution
was a little messy at first, and took some refactoring, but all in
all wasn't too bad.

...but it was tricky.

My first solution just looped 40 times, re-calculating the string. By
the time I shut it down it was using all the ram on my computer, and
all the free space on my disk as swap. And it was around 30-31 loops
in.

My second solution is included in the actual code I've committed, as
the solution for part 1, because I'm really proud of it. It uses lazy
iterators to build an expression for calculating the final string
all-at-once, without any intermediate steps - and **then** it walks
over that iterator. This gives us O(1) memory usage, and it gives
LLVM the opportunity to work its magic in really freaky ways. As I
commit this, that solution has churned through 274 gigabytes of data
or more, and is still running on a cool 628Kb of memory usage.

The final brute force solution just obfuscated a bunch of things
pointlessly, to try to gain some split-second performance
improvements. It was a little faster, but not more than 1% or so, and
the code was more than a little sketchy-looking.

...and then I realised I could work this with digrams. I tried for a
while staring at a spreadsheet, seeing if I could find (or make) a
pattern in how the number of "B"s increased over time, before
realising that the real trick is counting how many "AB"s there are
(next to each-other) in the string. From there it was honestly pretty
clear sailing.

Damn that took some thinking of though

---
## [ncrecc/jumper4real](https://github.com/ncrecc/jumper4real)@[ac2b1e3582...](https://github.com/ncrecc/jumper4real/commit/ac2b1e35821d123d87f10b8135b7b1d7d5f5796b)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 10:18:14 by wibi

Regular updates? I hardly knew... 'ates
Holy FUCK Bert can't just go cd "C:\Users\test\Desktop\Jumper 4 Real" git add . git commit every once in a while. (Okay, I did git status . before git add . out of habit.) And Titku just lingers around to make sick-ass levels and write tooltips apparently. Thankfully this commit ends up being almost entirely editor-related stuff and could've gotten way more out of hand.

List of changes, as far as I can tell:
- External levelset support! You can now save your mini masterpiece in the editor with Ctrl+S, and it will pop up in %appdata%/LOVE/Jumper 4 Real/ext_levelling. Except no levelsetinfo file appears along with it so they basically just sit there until you add one.
- Added a little text field to the editor that lets you specify your level's filename (minus the trailing .txt).
- Levels without a valid levelsetinfo file (or that are just totally standalone and not even in a folder) no longer crash the levelset viewing page. In some act of incredible empathy, the invalid levels even sit there, grayed out, with the tooltip telling you you dun goofed.
- Added editor tools, with fancy buttons and hotkeys and previews for what tiles get placed when you use the filled/empty rectangle tool. Mad kudos.
- Added a fucking logo! Ku actually made this a while ago partially as a joke, I'm pretty sure. Kicks ass, though.
- Renamed "music" to "audio" since it pretty blatantly handles sfx as well (fixes #1).
- Removed the "cargo cult colons" for audio (partway there for #2).
- Added hex2color.lua, which at some point will be used to specify the background color in spaces with no opaque tiles whatsoever. This will deprecate sky.
- Added menu secrets, for some reason?? Including the return of the beloved rhubarb/bauble menu.
- Added tile tooltips in the editor. L O R E

Have I even touched this project before? Probably not, much less fronted any time within the past 2 weeks! But something about gost staying up until 4 AM watching really oversimplified Tom Scott videos about *checks notes* horrific typos in bash with Bert apathetically watching just really ground my gears and shoved me suitably into cofront with the brain automatically filling in a hell lot of my knowledge of the project so I could stage a commit with a really long run-on sentence in the editmsg.

Probably forgot one or two small details, but you know what they say: fuck it, it's 5 in the morning. Peace!
-Lirio

(Also changing the repo description from "Also, my first real game." to "Also, our first real game." As Bert wrote in the acclaimed facts.txt, "plural rights babey".)

---
## [defgsus/kindergarten-times](https://github.com/defgsus/kindergarten-times)@[7df0b8c497...](https://github.com/defgsus/kindergarten-times/commit/7df0b8c4975bfcdf4a6a59c80be61e97f59e2270)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 10:22:48 by bergi

So, it's getting close to the end of the year. The weather is not beckoning.
My kid is still sleeping. None of the colleagues is answering chat or mail.
Basically i'm fine with that. Only, it's a bid sad that she's not having
some fun in the kindergarten as long as it's still possible.
Emergency decrees and stuffy noses demand that the kindergarten closes at 15:30 right now.
From my statistics you can determine that this is not really worth the trouble
to drive there, except for the kid's experience, of course. I persuaded myself
hard this morning to do the drive but.. she's still sleeping.

---
## [matherm-aboehm/heimdal](https://github.com/matherm-aboehm/heimdal)@[db7763ca7b...](https://github.com/matherm-aboehm/heimdal/commit/db7763ca7b3958a7008500eff0d5dcdb2ba87ce4)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 11:27:50 by Nicolas Williams

asn1: X.681/682/683 magic handling of open types

Status:

 - And it works!

 - We have an extensive test based on decoding a rich EK certficate.

   This test exercises all of:

    - decoding
    - encoding with and without decoded open types
    - copying of decoded values with decoded open types
    - freeing of decoded values with decoded open types

   Valgrind finds no memory errors.

 - Added a manual page for the compiler.

 - rfc2459.asn1 now has all three primary PKIX types that we care about
   defined as in RFC5912, with IOS constraints and parameterization:

    - `Extension`       (embeds open type in an `OCTET STRING`)
    - `OtherName`       (embeds open type in an        `ANY`-like type)
    - `SingleAttribute` (embeds open type in an        `ANY`-like type)
    - `AttributeSet`    (embeds open type in a  `SET OF ANY`-like type)

   All of these use OIDs as the open type type ID field, but integer
   open type type ID fields are also supported (and needed, for
   Kerberos).

   That will cover every typed hole pattern in all our ASN.1 modules.

   With this we'll be able to automatically and recursively decode
   through all subject DN attributes even when the subject DN is a
   directoryName SAN, and subjectDirectoryAttributes, and all
   extensions, and all SANs, and all authorization-data elements, and
   PA-data, and...

   We're not really using `SingleAttribute` and `AttributeSet` yet
   because various changes are needed in `lib/hx509` for that.

 - `asn1_compile` builds and recognizes the subset of X.681/682/683 that
   we need for, and now use in, rfc2459.asn1.  It builds the necessary
   AST, generates the correct C types, and generates templating for
   object sets and open types!

 - See READMEs for details.

 - Codegen backend not tested; I won't make it implement automatic open
   type handling, but it should at least not crash by substituting
   `heim_any` for open types not embedded in `OCTET STRING`.

 - We're _really_ starting to have problems with the ITU-T ASN.1
   grammar and our version of it...

   Type names have to start with upper-case, value names with
   lower-case, but it's not enough to disambiguate.

   The fact the we've allowed value and type names to violate their
   respective start-with case rules is causing us trouble now that we're
   adding grammar from X.681/682/683, and we're going to have to undo
   that.

   In preparation for that I'm capitalizing the `heim_any` and
   `heim_any_set` types, and doing some additional cleanup, which
   requires changes to other parts of Heimdal (all in this same commit
   for now).

   Problems we have because of this:

    - We cannot IMPORT values into modules because we have no idea if a
      symbol being imported refers to a value or a type because the only
      clue we would have is the symbol's name, so we assume IMPORTed
      symbols are for types.

      This means we can't import OIDs, for example, which is super
      annoying.

      One thing we might be able to do here is mark imported symbols as
      being of an undetermined-but-not-undefined type, then coerce the
      symbol's type the first time it's used in a context where its type
      is inferred as type, value, object, object set, or class.  (Though
      since we don't generate C symbols for objects or classes, we won't
      be able to import them, especially since we need to know them at
      compile time and cannot defer their handling to link- or
      run-time.)

    - The `NULL` type name, and the `NULL` value name now cause two
      reduce/reduce conflicts via the `FieldSetting` production.

    - Various shift/reduce conflicts involving `NULL` values in
      non-top-level contexts (in constraints, for example).

 - Currently I have a bug where to disambiguate the grammar I have a
   CLASS_IDENTIFIER token that is all caps, while TYPE_IDENTIFIER must
   start with a capital but not be all caps, but this breaks Kerberos
   since all its types are all capitalized -- oof!

   To fix this I made it so class names have to be all caps and
   start with an underscore (ick).

TBD:

 - Check all the XXX comments and address them
 - Apply this treatment to Kerberos!  Automatic handling of authz-data
   sounds useful :)
 - Apply this treatment to PKCS#10 (CSRs) and other ASN.1 modules too.
 - Replace various bits of code in `lib/hx509/` with uses of this
   feature.
 - Add JER.
 - Enhance `hxtool` and `asn1_print`.

Getting there!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[311b780f73...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/311b780f73562f62f4a0db1639806bd2c072c525)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 13:33:33 by Marko Grdinić

"11:45am. I had time to think about it. The last interview was especially disappointing.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/r0g2o2/d_ai_safety_needs_great_engineers/

The post behind it was really heart touching, but...

* No remote.
* No salary range.
* Slow reply after 3 weeks.
* Tested by a HR drone on some meaningless question she couldn't do herself.

Those guys sure can talk the talk, and I let myself get suckered by a smooth talker. If they really needed programming talent for some world changing mission, they'd probably advertize their high salaries to actually attract them. Not giving out a range means the company wants maximum option to take advantage of the other party. No remote means it wants to control my way of life and further cut my options. Imagine I get fired by Anthropic while in the US for whatever reason, I'd be screwed.

The last one is just them off-sourcing a very important function and copying the disfunction of larger companies.

11:55am. This last one bothers me, as it should well be obvious that I could make a memory allocator just from looking at the complexity of the language itself. Ultimately, all they are doing is brainlessly going through a checklist and wasting my time.

I once asked on /g/ why companies behave so badly when it comes to hiring, and one of the answers I got is that programming is a easy work literally anybody could be trained to do as long as it meets the minimum requirement. This struck a chord with me, but the main contradictory point is the high salary relative to other kinds of work.

12:05pm. Maybe the minimum requirement is not as high as I think even at places like Anthropic.

> This might be hard to believe. I think the archetypal research-and-engineering organisation is one where the researchers come up with the fun prototypes, and then toss them over the wall to the engineers to clean up and implement. I think the archetype is common enough that it dissuades a lot of engineers from applying to engineering roles, instead applying to research positions where they - when evaluated on a different set of metrics than the ones they're best at - underperform.

Engineers applying to research positions, just what is going on out there? Maybe I am being done a favor by being filtered from the field.

Yeah, I think even though my reasoning how to get closer to the Singularity is right, nonetheless I picked the wrong path. I had a strong yearning to prove myself, but maybe that desire has led me astray.

12:15pm. Actually getting feedback for the kind of resume I sent raised my hope that there are people critically thinking about the resumes at Anthropic

12:25pm. Let me get breakfast. Yeah, I am definitely wrong. Even if there is money in programming, I was wrong to pursue such a way of life.

I really feel that at this point I can't oppose capitalism. It will warp my pure desire of wanting to pursue my dreams into selling them.

1:55pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me start the work day.

I am reminded of the old saying: Love thy neighbor.

A generalization of this would be to say that I should love my immediate surroundings. I should love my present.

Programming is just a means to an end. Until I get better algos, I have no business pursuing the Singularity. Instead of far off wishes. How about I master what I can right now?

3d art. It is the alternative path to doing whatever I want in the visual arena.

Without art, all I can do with programming is make a text adventure. So it is all important.

Without art, I can't accomplish anything of interest.

To enact mind control without direct access to the brain, the best way to do it is to attack the senses. The written word will only get you so far.

2:05pm. The current day morality is not dominant because it is right in some objective sense. Rather fiction itself perpetuates its dominance.

It would be interesting to see a world where works like Reverend Insanity are mainstream and current virtue signaling is beaten down.

I can get large bonuses by having an alternative view win. Just on its own that would be impactful and interesting. That is why it is always a pity to see works copying each other mindlessly.

I just can't beat the world right now. I just can't get what I want directly.

But with some effort I could hurt it. Since things are like this, I might as well create as much chaos as possible. It wouldn't weaken me, but it would create trouble for my adversaries.

2:10pm. Let me start.

Yesterday was a brief foray back into programming. I really do regret quiting after 15m when I spent hours preparing, but such is life.

I regret it. Despite everything I wrote, I feel like it should be my duty to get better algos. Spiral was created in part to make the process of searching for them easier.

If I got that AI chip, the way I'd try round 3 of research is genetic programming. I'd have the machine itself try to put itself together.

2:15pm. You know what, I do not feel like learning shading.

Remember those brainstorming sessions I had where I step away from the screen, and run my mind while in bed. I feel like doing that now.

Right now my mind is in disarray and I feel like I am being pulled in a 100 different directions.

2:15pm. I thought of a concrete goal yesterday - 1k/month passive. That could be done by making a game and having it sell. It would not be too much to expect with some effort.

I approached programming the right way if it is merely for the sake of gaining skills, but my mindset is wrong to make money with it.

If the algos were here it would be a different thing. Imagine if the principles of intelligence were understood and it needed specialized hardware. In that case I'd swallow my pride, and do anything to get it in the soonest time possible.

But right now I think I have time. The Singularity is not happening next year. And it is going to be a tight race to get human level brainpower by the end of the decade since memristors did not manifest.

I have time to master art and music properly. I can spend a year or two on this. Hell, I spent more than that on just language work, an activity that even by poverty stricken artist standards is immensely less profitable.

I need to step away from the screen and iron out my resolve pursue art. Got to at least 3/5 in art in the next six months. Compared to mastering 3d, music should be easier. I do not have such harsh requirements on getting perspective and proportions right, and will be able to just sample my subconscious directly. It won't be anything as hard as Blender.

If I can get to 3/5 in art, maybe if I was following the usual route with my talent I would likely top there, but with Blender there is no reason I can't get all the way to 5/5. In those money idea vids, he suggests opening a small Youtube channel. I could mix teaching art, music and programming with actually doing it.

It is too early for me to give up.

2:30pm. The spirit of capitalism will do its all to draw out all that I have. I need to go beyond just playing games to creating them.

Let me step away from the screen."

---
## [woodstock1993/bulletin](https://github.com/woodstock1993/bulletin)@[b572347e05...](https://github.com/woodstock1993/bulletin/commit/b572347e05fb2396aef1938746c9bf2603e0b78d)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 15:26:07 by woodstock1993

Merge pull request #2 from woodstock1993/security

fuck you spring security

---
## [mamedev/mame](https://github.com/mamedev/mame)@[edcfe24353...](https://github.com/mamedev/mame/commit/edcfe243531b6a622a0cdef575fcf28eb8f9b12b)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 15:28:17 by ArcadeShadow

ibm5170.xml: New software list additions (#8946)

New working software list additions
Laser Squad (3.5", USA) [The Good Old Days]
Laser Squad (5.25", Euro) [The Good Old Days]
Night Shift [old-games.ru]
Push-Over [The Good Old Days]
Quest for Glory: Shadows of Darkness [The Good Old Days]
Quest for Glory I: So You Want to Be a Hero [The Good Old Days]
Quest for Glory III: Wages of War [The Good Old Days]

New non-working software list additions
Quicky: The Computer Game (Euro) [old-games.ru]
Tony & Friends in Kellogg's Land (Germany) [old-games.ru]

---
## [flutter/flutter](https://github.com/flutter/flutter)@[99977cea1c...](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/commit/99977cea1c4ab14dbd46866df8711d5a91af16f9)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 16:50:17 by Pierre-Louis

[Fonts] Update icons (#95007)

* update icons

All existing codepoints are stable, with 2 exceptions `wifi_tethering_error_rounded_sharp` and `wifi_tethering_error_rounded_outlined`.

Add 1028 new icons. Codepoints:
airline_seat_individual_suite_baseline, airline_seat_legroom_reduced_baseline, airline_seat_legroom_normal_baseline, airline_seat_recline_normal_baseline, airline_seat_legroom_extra_baseline, airline_seat_recline_extra_baseline, airline_seat_flat_angled_baseline, align_horizontal_center_baseline, account_balance_wallet_baseline, align_horizontal_right_baseline, arrow_drop_down_circle_baseline, airplanemode_inactive_baseline, align_horizontal_left_baseline, align_vertical_bottom_baseline, align_vertical_center_baseline, admin_panel_settings_baseline, assignment_turned_in_baseline, assistant_navigation_baseline, add_photo_alternate_baseline, airplanemode_active_baseline, assignment_returned_baseline, assistant_direction_baseline, auto_awesome_mosaic_baseline, auto_awesome_motion_baseline, access_time_filled_baseline, accessible_forward_baseline, add_circle_outline_baseline, add_to_home_screen_baseline, align_vertical_top_baseline, arrow_back_ios_new_baseline, arrow_circle_right_baseline, arrow_circle_right_outlined, accessibility_new_baseline, add_shopping_cart_baseline, airline_seat_flat_baseline, arrow_circle_down_baseline, arrow_circle_left_baseline, arrow_circle_left_outlined, arrow_circle_right_rounded, arrow_forward_ios_baseline, assignment_return_baseline, add_location_alt_baseline, airplanemode_off_baseline, app_registration_baseline, app_settings_alt_baseline, arrow_circle_left_rounded, assured_workload_baseline, assured_workload_outlined, account_balance_baseline, airplane_ticket_baseline, airplanemode_on_baseline, airport_shuttle_baseline, alternate_email_baseline, arrow_circle_right_sharp, arrow_circle_up_baseline, arrow_drop_down_baseline, arrow_right_alt_baseline, assignment_late_baseline, assistant_photo_baseline, assured_workload_rounded, auto_fix_normal_baseline, account_circle_baseline, arrow_back_ios_baseline, arrow_circle_left_sharp, arrow_downward_baseline, assignment_ind_baseline, autofps_select_baseline, access_alarms_baseline, accessibility_baseline, add_moderator_baseline, add_to_photos_baseline, airline_stops_baseline, airline_stops_outlined, all_inclusive_baseline, arrow_drop_up_baseline, arrow_forward_baseline, assured_workload_sharp, auto_fix_high_baseline, access_alarm_baseline, account_tree_baseline, add_business_baseline, add_location_baseline, add_reaction_baseline, add_to_drive_baseline, add_to_queue_baseline, airline_stops_rounded, announcement_baseline, app_blocking_baseline, app_shortcut_baseline, app_shortcut_outlined, architecture_baseline, arrow_upward_baseline, aspect_ratio_baseline, attach_email_baseline, attach_money_baseline, auto_awesome_baseline, auto_fix_off_baseline, auto_stories_baseline, access_time_baseline, account_box_baseline, add_a_photo_baseline, add_comment_baseline, add_ic_call_baseline, adf_scanner_baseline, adf_scanner_outlined, agriculture_baseline, amp_stories_baseline, app_shortcut_rounded, apps_outage_baseline, apps_outage_outlined, arrow_right_baseline, attach_file_baseline, attractions_baseline, attribution_baseline, auto_delete_baseline, accessible_baseline, add_circle_baseline, adf_scanner_rounded, airline_stops_sharp, apps_outage_rounded, area_chart_baseline, area_chart_outlined, arrow_back_baseline, arrow_left_baseline, assessment_baseline, assignment_baseline, attachment_baseline, audio_file_baseline, audio_file_outlined, audiotrack_baseline, auto_graph_baseline, add_alarm_baseline, add_alert_baseline, add_chart_baseline, ads_click_baseline, ads_click_outlined, alarm_add_baseline, alarm_off_baseline, all_inbox_baseline, alt_route_baseline, analytics_baseline, animation_baseline, apartment_baseline, app_shortcut_sharp, area_chart_rounded, art_track_baseline, assistant_baseline, audio_file_rounded, autorenew_baseline, ad_units_baseline, add_call_baseline, add_card_baseline, add_card_outlined, add_link_baseline, add_road_baseline, add_task_baseline, addchart_baseline, adf_scanner_sharp, ads_click_rounded, airlines_baseline, airlines_outlined, alarm_on_baseline, approval_baseline, apps_outage_sharp, av_timer_baseline, ac_unit_baseline, add_box_baseline, add_card_rounded, airlines_rounded, airplay_baseline, all_out_baseline, android_baseline, archive_baseline, area_chart_sharp, article_baseline, audio_file_sharp, adjust_baseline, ads_click_sharp, anchor_baseline, add_card_sharp, adobe_baseline, adobe_outlined, airlines_sharp, alarm_baseline, album_baseline, apple_baseline, apple_outlined, adobe_rounded, apple_rounded, apps_baseline, abc_baseline, abc_outlined, adb_baseline, add_baseline, air_baseline, aod_baseline, api_baseline, atm_baseline, abc_rounded, adobe_sharp, apple_sharp, abc_sharp, baby_changing_station_baseline, battery_charging_full_baseline, browser_not_supported_baseline, bluetooth_connected_baseline, bluetooth_searching_baseline, bluetooth_disabled_baseline, branding_watermark_baseline, border_horizontal_baseline, brightness_medium_baseline, batch_prediction_baseline, bookmark_outline_baseline, breakfast_dining_baseline, battery_unknown_baseline, bluetooth_audio_baseline, bluetooth_drive_baseline, bookmark_border_baseline, bookmark_remove_baseline, border_vertical_baseline, brightness_auto_baseline, brightness_high_baseline, browser_updated_baseline, browser_updated_outlined, business_center_baseline, bedroom_parent_baseline, bookmark_added_baseline, brightness_low_baseline, browse_gallery_baseline, browse_gallery_outlined, browser_updated_rounded, bakery_dining_baseline, battery_alert_baseline, battery_saver_baseline, bedroom_child_baseline, block_flipped_baseline, blur_circular_baseline, border_bottom_baseline, browse_gallery_rounded, brunch_dining_baseline, backup_table_baseline, battery_full_baseline, beach_access_baseline, bedroom_baby_baseline, bike_scooter_baseline, bookmark_add_baseline, border_clear_baseline, border_color_baseline, border_inner_baseline, border_outer_baseline, border_right_baseline, border_style_baseline, brightness_5_baseline, brightness_4_baseline, brightness_1_baseline, brightness_7_baseline, brightness_6_baseline, brightness_3_baseline, brightness_2_baseline, broken_image_baseline, browser_updated_sharp, bubble_chart_baseline, build_circle_baseline, battery_std_baseline, bedtime_off_baseline, bedtime_off_outlined, blur_linear_baseline, book_online_baseline, border_left_baseline, browse_gallery_sharp, bedtime_off_rounded, border_all_baseline, border_top_baseline, bug_report_baseline, burst_mode_baseline, back_hand_baseline, back_hand_outlined, backspace_baseline, bar_chart_baseline, bloodtype_baseline, bluetooth_baseline, bookmarks_baseline, bus_alert_baseline, back_hand_rounded, backpack_baseline, bathroom_baseline, bedtime_off_sharp, beenhere_baseline, blur_off_baseline, bookmark_baseline, bungalow_baseline, business_baseline, balance_baseline, balance_outlined, balcony_baseline, bathtub_baseline, bedtime_baseline, biotech_baseline, blender_baseline, blur_on_baseline, back_hand_sharp, backup_baseline, balance_rounded, ballot_baseline, badge_baseline, bento_baseline, block_baseline, brush_baseline, build_baseline, balance_sharp, bolt_baseline, book_baseline, bed_baseline, boy_baseline, boy_outlined, boy_rounded, boy_sharp, check_box_outline_blank_baseline, closed_caption_disabled_baseline, connect_without_contact_baseline, control_point_duplicate_baseline, call_missed_outgoing_baseline, cancel_schedule_send_baseline, check_circle_outline_baseline, circle_notifications_baseline, collections_bookmark_baseline, content_paste_search_baseline, content_paste_search_outlined, calendar_view_month_baseline, cancel_presentation_baseline, center_focus_strong_baseline, chat_bubble_outline_baseline, compass_calibration_baseline, confirmation_number_baseline, connecting_airports_baseline, connecting_airports_outlined, content_paste_search_rounded, calendar_view_week_baseline, cast_for_education_baseline, chrome_reader_mode_baseline, closed_caption_off_baseline, connecting_airports_rounded, calendar_view_day_baseline, candlestick_chart_baseline, candlestick_chart_outlined, center_focus_weak_baseline, cleaning_services_baseline, comments_disabled_baseline, comments_disabled_outlined, content_paste_off_baseline, content_paste_search_sharp, create_new_folder_baseline, currency_exchange_baseline, currency_exchange_outlined, candlestick_chart_rounded, catching_pokemon_baseline, charging_station_baseline, close_fullscreen_baseline, comments_disabled_rounded, confirmation_num_baseline, connecting_airports_sharp, content_paste_go_baseline, content_paste_go_outlined, currency_bitcoin_baseline, currency_bitcoin_outlined, currency_exchange_rounded, card_membership_baseline, contact_support_baseline, content_paste_go_rounded, credit_card_off_baseline, currency_bitcoin_rounded, calendar_month_baseline, calendar_month_outlined, calendar_today_baseline, call_to_action_baseline, camera_enhance_baseline, camera_outdoor_baseline, candlestick_chart_sharp, cast_connected_baseline, change_history_baseline, child_friendly_baseline, closed_caption_baseline, cloud_download_baseline, cloudy_snowing_baseline, comments_disabled_sharp, compare_arrows_baseline, control_camera_baseline, corporate_fare_baseline, crop_landscape_baseline, currency_exchange_sharp, currency_franc_baseline, currency_franc_outlined, currency_pound_baseline, currency_pound_outlined, currency_ruble_baseline, currency_ruble_outlined, currency_rupee_baseline, currency_rupee_outlined, calendar_month_rounded, call_received_baseline, camera_indoor_baseline, card_giftcard_baseline, change_circle_baseline, checklist_rtl_baseline, chevron_right_baseline, contact_phone_baseline, content_paste_baseline, content_paste_go_sharp, control_point_baseline, crop_original_baseline, crop_portrait_baseline, currency_bitcoin_sharp, currency_franc_rounded, currency_lira_baseline, currency_lira_outlined, currency_pound_rounded, currency_ruble_rounded, currency_rupee_rounded, currency_yuan_baseline, currency_yuan_outlined, camera_front_baseline, cameraswitch_baseline, check_circle_baseline, chevron_left_baseline, cloud_circle_baseline, cloud_upload_baseline, coffee_maker_baseline, comment_bank_baseline, connected_tv_baseline, construction_baseline, contact_mail_baseline, contact_page_baseline, content_copy_baseline, credit_score_baseline, cruelty_free_baseline, cruelty_free_outlined, currency_lira_rounded, currency_yen_baseline, currency_yen_outlined, currency_yuan_rounded, calendar_month_sharp, call_missed_baseline, camera_rear_baseline, camera_roll_baseline, card_travel_baseline, celebration_baseline, chat_bubble_baseline, clean_hands_baseline, cloud_queue_baseline, collections_baseline, contactless_baseline, content_cut_baseline, coronavirus_baseline, countertops_baseline, credit_card_baseline, crop_rotate_baseline, crop_square_baseline, cruelty_free_rounded, currency_franc_sharp, currency_pound_sharp, currency_ruble_sharp, currency_rupee_sharp, currency_yen_rounded, call_merge_baseline, call_split_baseline, camera_alt_baseline, car_rental_baseline, car_repair_baseline, cell_tower_baseline, cell_tower_outlined, child_care_baseline, cloud_done_baseline, cloud_sync_baseline, cloud_sync_outlined, co_present_baseline, co_present_outlined, color_lens_baseline, currency_lira_sharp, currency_yuan_sharp, calculate_baseline, call_made_baseline, carpenter_baseline, cell_tower_rounded, cell_wifi_baseline, chair_alt_baseline, check_box_baseline, checklist_baseline, checkroom_baseline, clear_all_baseline, cloud_off_baseline, cloud_sync_rounded, co_present_rounded, copyright_baseline, crop_16_9_baseline, crop_free_baseline, cruelty_free_sharp, currency_yen_sharp, call_end_baseline, campaign_baseline, category_baseline, code_off_baseline, colorize_baseline, compress_baseline, computer_baseline, contacts_baseline, contrast_baseline, contrast_outlined, copy_all_baseline, crop_din_baseline, crop_5_4_baseline, crop_7_5_baseline, crop_3_2_baseline, cell_tower_sharp, cloud_sync_sharp, co_present_sharp, comment_baseline, commute_baseline, compare_baseline, compost_baseline, compost_outlined, contrast_rounded, cottage_baseline, cached_baseline, camera_baseline, cancel_baseline, casino_baseline, castle_baseline, castle_outlined, chalet_baseline, church_baseline, church_outlined, circle_baseline, coffee_baseline, commit_baseline, commit_outlined, compost_rounded, cookie_baseline, cookie_outlined, create_baseline, cabin_baseline, cable_baseline, cases_baseline, castle_rounded, chair_baseline, check_baseline, church_rounded, class_baseline, clear_baseline, close_baseline, cloud_baseline, commit_rounded, contrast_sharp, cookie_rounded, cake_baseline, call_baseline, cast_baseline, chat_baseline, code_baseline, compost_sharp, copy_baseline, crib_baseline, crop_baseline, castle_sharp, church_sharp, co2_baseline, co2_outlined, commit_sharp, cookie_sharp, css_baseline, css_outlined, cut_baseline, co2_rounded, css_rounded, co2_sharp, css_sharp, do_not_disturb_on_total_silence_baseline, directions_railway_filled_baseline, directions_transit_filled_baseline, drive_file_rename_outline_baseline, directions_subway_filled_baseline, desktop_access_disabled_baseline, drive_file_move_outline_baseline, directions_boat_filled_baseline, directions_bus_filled_baseline, directions_car_filled_baseline, download_for_offline_baseline, dashboard_customize_baseline, developer_board_off_baseline, disabled_by_default_baseline, domain_verification_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_outlined, drive_folder_upload_baseline, directions_railway_baseline, directions_transit_baseline, do_not_disturb_alt_baseline, do_not_disturb_off_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_rounded, data_thresholding_baseline, data_thresholding_outlined, device_thermostat_baseline, directions_subway_baseline, do_not_disturb_on_baseline, data_exploration_baseline, data_exploration_outlined, data_thresholding_rounded, directions_ferry_baseline, directions_train_baseline, disabled_visible_baseline, disabled_visible_outlined, display_settings_baseline, display_settings_outlined, dnd_forwardslash_baseline, document_scanner_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_sharp, data_exploration_rounded, delivery_dining_baseline, departure_board_baseline, design_services_baseline, desktop_windows_baseline, developer_board_baseline, directions_bike_baseline, directions_boat_baseline, directions_walk_baseline, disabled_visible_rounded, display_settings_rounded, domain_disabled_baseline, downhill_skiing_baseline, drive_file_move_baseline, data_saver_off_baseline, data_thresholding_sharp, delete_forever_baseline, delete_outline_baseline, density_medium_baseline, density_medium_outlined, developer_mode_baseline, device_unknown_baseline, directions_bus_baseline, directions_car_baseline, directions_off_baseline, directions_run_baseline, do_disturb_alt_baseline, do_disturb_off_baseline, do_not_disturb_baseline, drag_indicator_baseline, data_exploration_sharp, data_saver_on_baseline, density_large_baseline, density_large_outlined, density_medium_rounded, density_small_baseline, density_small_outlined, devices_other_baseline, dinner_dining_baseline, disabled_visible_sharp, display_settings_sharp, do_disturb_on_baseline, download_done_baseline, delete_sweep_baseline, density_large_rounded, density_small_rounded, do_not_touch_baseline, done_outline_baseline, door_sliding_baseline, double_arrow_baseline, dry_cleaning_baseline, dynamic_feed_baseline, dynamic_form_baseline, data_object_baseline, data_object_outlined, density_medium_sharp, description_baseline, desktop_mac_baseline, do_not_step_baseline, donut_large_baseline, donut_small_baseline, downloading_baseline, drag_handle_baseline, data_array_baseline, data_array_outlined, data_object_rounded, data_usage_baseline, date_range_baseline, density_large_sharp, density_small_sharp, device_hub_baseline, dialer_sip_baseline, difference_baseline, difference_outlined, directions_baseline, dirty_lens_baseline, do_disturb_baseline, domain_add_baseline, domain_add_outlined, door_front_baseline, dangerous_baseline, dark_mode_baseline, dashboard_baseline, data_array_rounded, difference_rounded, disc_full_baseline, domain_add_rounded, door_back_baseline, drive_eta_baseline, data_object_sharp, deselect_baseline, deselect_outlined, discount_baseline, discount_outlined, done_all_baseline, doorbell_baseline, download_baseline, data_array_sharp, deselect_rounded, details_baseline, devices_baseline, dialpad_baseline, diamond_baseline, diamond_outlined, difference_sharp, discord_baseline, discord_outlined, discount_rounded, domain_add_sharp, deblur_baseline, deblur_outlined, dehaze_baseline, delete_baseline, diamond_rounded, dining_baseline, discord_rounded, domain_baseline, drafts_baseline, deblur_rounded, deselect_sharp, discount_sharp, deck_baseline, diamond_sharp, discord_sharp, dock_baseline, done_baseline, draw_baseline, draw_outlined, deblur_sharp, dns_baseline, draw_rounded, dry_baseline, duo_baseline, dvr_baseline, draw_sharp, 4g_plus_mobiledata_baseline, 4g_mobiledata_baseline, 4k_plus_baseline, 4mp_baseline, 4k_baseline, 5k_plus_baseline, 5mp_baseline, 5g_baseline, 5k_baseline, 8k_plus_baseline, 8mp_baseline, 8k_baseline, 1x_mobiledata_baseline, 1k_plus_baseline, 18mp_baseline, 15mp_baseline, 14mp_baseline, 19mp_baseline, 11mp_baseline, 17mp_baseline, 16mp_baseline, 13mp_baseline, 12mp_baseline, 10mp_baseline, 123_baseline, 123_outlined, 10k_baseline, 123_rounded, 1k_baseline, 123_sharp, enhance_photo_translate_baseline, emoji_transportation_baseline, electrical_services_baseline, emoji_food_beverage_baseline, enhanced_encryption_baseline, edit_notifications_baseline, expand_circle_down_baseline, expand_circle_down_outlined, edit_location_alt_baseline, electric_rickshaw_baseline, escalator_warning_baseline, expand_circle_down_rounded, electric_scooter_baseline, exposure_minus_1_baseline, exposure_minus_2_baseline, earbuds_battery_baseline, edgesensor_high_baseline, edit_attributes_baseline, event_available_baseline, expand_circle_down_sharp, exposure_plus_1_baseline, exposure_plus_2_baseline, edgesensor_low_baseline, electric_moped_baseline, emoji_emotions_baseline, exposure_neg_1_baseline, exposure_neg_2_baseline, edit_calendar_baseline, edit_calendar_outlined, edit_location_baseline, elderly_woman_baseline, elderly_woman_outlined, electric_bike_baseline, emoji_objects_baseline, emoji_symbols_baseline, error_outline_baseline, exposure_zero_baseline, extension_off_baseline, e_mobiledata_baseline, edit_calendar_rounded, elderly_woman_rounded, electric_car_baseline, emoji_events_baseline, emoji_nature_baseline, emoji_people_baseline, event_repeat_baseline, event_repeat_outlined, emoji_flags_baseline, engineering_baseline, euro_symbol_baseline, event_repeat_rounded, exit_to_app_baseline, expand_less_baseline, expand_more_baseline, explore_off_baseline, edit_calendar_sharp, elderly_woman_sharp, ev_station_baseline, event_busy_baseline, event_note_baseline, event_seat_baseline, edit_note_baseline, edit_note_outlined, edit_road_baseline, emergency_baseline, emergency_outlined, equalizer_baseline, escalator_baseline, event_repeat_sharp, extension_baseline, edit_note_rounded, edit_off_baseline, elevator_baseline, emergency_rounded, explicit_baseline, exposure_baseline, earbuds_baseline, egg_alt_baseline, egg_alt_outlined, elderly_baseline, explore_baseline, edit_note_sharp, egg_alt_rounded, emergency_sharp, expand_baseline, eject_baseline, email_baseline, error_baseline, event_baseline, east_baseline, edit_baseline, egg_alt_sharp, euro_baseline, eco_baseline, egg_baseline, egg_outlined, egg_rounded, egg_sharp, 2k_plus_baseline, 24mp_baseline, 21mp_baseline, 23mp_baseline, 22mp_baseline, 20mp_baseline, 2mp_baseline, 2k_baseline, 3g_mobiledata_baseline, 30fps_select_baseline, 3d_rotation_baseline, 3k_plus_baseline, 30fps_baseline, 360_baseline, 3mp_baseline, 3k_baseline, 3p_baseline, 60fps_select_baseline, 6_ft_apart_baseline, 6k_plus_baseline, 60fps_baseline, 6mp_baseline, 6k_baseline, 7k_plus_baseline, 7mp_baseline, 7k_baseline, 9k_plus_baseline, 9mp_baseline, 9k_baseline, format_textdirection_l_to_r_baseline, format_textdirection_r_to_l_baseline, format_list_numbered_rtl_baseline, face_retouching_natural_baseline, format_indent_decrease_baseline, format_indent_increase_baseline, format_align_justify_baseline, format_list_bulleted_baseline, format_list_numbered_baseline, format_strikethrough_baseline, face_retouching_off_baseline, fiber_manual_record_baseline, filter_center_focus_baseline, flip_camera_android_baseline, format_align_center_baseline, format_line_spacing_baseline, featured_play_list_baseline, fiber_smart_record_baseline, file_download_done_baseline, format_align_right_baseline, format_color_reset_baseline, file_download_off_baseline, filter_tilt_shift_baseline, fire_extinguisher_baseline, font_download_off_baseline, format_align_left_baseline, format_color_fill_baseline, format_color_text_baseline, format_underlined_baseline, free_cancellation_baseline, free_cancellation_outlined, favorite_outline_baseline, follow_the_signs_baseline, format_underline_baseline, forward_to_inbox_baseline, free_cancellation_rounded, family_restroom_baseline, favorite_border_baseline, filter_list_alt_baseline, filter_list_off_baseline, filter_list_off_outlined, flip_camera_ios_baseline, format_overline_baseline, format_overline_outlined, fullscreen_exit_baseline, featured_video_baseline, filter_alt_off_baseline, filter_alt_off_outlined, filter_b_and_w_baseline, filter_list_off_rounded, filter_vintage_baseline, fitness_center_baseline, flashlight_off_baseline, flight_takeoff_baseline, folder_special_baseline, format_overline_rounded, free_breakfast_baseline, free_cancellation_sharp, file_download_baseline, filter_alt_off_rounded, filter_9_plus_baseline, filter_frames_baseline, flashlight_on_baseline, flip_to_front_baseline, folder_delete_baseline, folder_delete_outlined, folder_shared_baseline, font_download_baseline, format_italic_baseline, format_shapes_baseline, fast_forward_baseline, file_present_baseline, filter_drama_baseline, filter_list_off_sharp, find_in_page_baseline, find_replace_baseline, fire_hydrant_baseline, flight_class_baseline, flight_class_outlined, flip_to_back_baseline, flutter_dash_baseline, folder_delete_rounded, format_clear_baseline, format_overline_sharp, format_paint_baseline, format_quote_baseline, fast_rewind_baseline, file_upload_baseline, filter_alt_off_sharp, filter_list_baseline, filter_none_baseline, fingerprint_baseline, flag_circle_baseline, flag_circle_outlined, flight_class_rounded, flight_land_baseline, flourescent_baseline, folder_copy_baseline, folder_copy_outlined, folder_open_baseline, format_bold_baseline, format_size_baseline, fact_check_baseline, filter_alt_baseline, filter_hdr_baseline, first_page_baseline, fit_screen_baseline, flag_circle_rounded, flash_auto_baseline, folder_copy_rounded, folder_delete_sharp, folder_off_baseline, folder_off_outlined, folder_zip_baseline, folder_zip_outlined, fork_right_baseline, fork_right_outlined, forward_10_baseline, forward_30_baseline, foundation_baseline, front_hand_baseline, front_hand_outlined, fullscreen_baseline, fiber_dvr_baseline, fiber_new_baseline, fiber_pin_baseline, file_copy_baseline, file_open_baseline, file_open_outlined, fireplace_baseline, flash_off_baseline, flight_class_sharp, folder_off_rounded, folder_zip_rounded, food_bank_baseline, fork_left_baseline, fork_left_outlined, fork_right_rounded, forward_5_baseline, front_hand_rounded, functions_baseline, facebook_baseline, fastfood_baseline, favorite_baseline, feedback_baseline, festival_baseline, file_open_rounded, filter_8_baseline, filter_5_baseline, filter_4_baseline, filter_9_baseline, filter_1_baseline, filter_7_baseline, filter_6_baseline, filter_3_baseline, filter_2_baseline, flag_circle_sharp, flash_on_baseline, flatware_baseline, fmd_good_baseline, folder_copy_sharp, fork_left_rounded, factory_baseline, factory_outlined, fmd_bad_baseline, folder_off_sharp, folder_zip_sharp, fork_right_sharp, forward_baseline, front_hand_sharp, factory_rounded, female_baseline, file_open_sharp, filter_baseline, fitbit_baseline, fitbit_outlined, flight_baseline, folder_baseline, forest_baseline, forest_outlined, fork_left_sharp, fence_baseline, fitbit_rounded, flaky_baseline, flare_baseline, foggy_baseline, forest_rounded, forum_baseline, face_baseline, factory_sharp, feed_baseline, flag_baseline, flip_baseline, fort_baseline, fort_outlined, fax_baseline, fax_outlined, fitbit_sharp, forest_sharp, fort_rounded, fax_rounded, fort_sharp, fax_sharp, generating_tokens_baseline, generating_tokens_outlined, generating_tokens_rounded, grid_goldenratio_baseline, generating_tokens_sharp, gps_not_fixed_baseline, g_mobiledata_baseline, group_remove_baseline, group_remove_outlined, g_translate_baseline, golf_course_baseline, group_remove_rounded, graphic_eq_baseline, group_work_baseline, gpp_maybe_baseline, gps_fixed_baseline, grid_view_baseline, group_add_baseline, group_off_baseline, group_off_outlined, group_remove_sharp, gpp_good_baseline, gradient_baseline, grid_4x4_baseline, grid_3x3_baseline, grid_off_baseline, group_off_rounded, gamepad_baseline, gesture_baseline, get_app_baseline, gif_box_baseline, gif_box_outlined, gpp_bad_baseline, gps_off_baseline, grading_baseline, grid_on_baseline, garage_baseline, gif_box_rounded, group_off_sharp, groups_baseline, games_baseline, gavel_baseline, grade_baseline, grain_baseline, grass_baseline, group_baseline, gif_box_sharp, girl_baseline, girl_outlined, gite_baseline, gif_baseline, girl_rounded, girl_sharp, horizontal_distribute_baseline, hdr_enhanced_select_baseline, home_repair_service_baseline, headphones_battery_baseline, history_toggle_off_baseline, hourglass_disabled_baseline, h_plus_mobiledata_baseline, health_and_safety_baseline, hearing_disabled_baseline, highlight_remove_baseline, horizontal_split_baseline, hourglass_bottom_baseline, hdr_auto_select_baseline, holiday_village_baseline, horizontal_rule_baseline, hourglass_empty_baseline, hdr_off_select_baseline, hourglass_full_baseline, hdr_on_select_baseline, highlight_alt_baseline, highlight_off_baseline, hourglass_top_baseline, h_mobiledata_baseline, heart_broken_baseline, heart_broken_outlined, help_outline_baseline, high_quality_baseline, house_siding_baseline, headset_mic_baseline, headset_off_baseline, heart_broken_rounded, help_center_baseline, hide_source_baseline, history_edu_baseline, home_filled_baseline, hotel_class_baseline, hotel_class_outlined, how_to_vote_baseline, hdr_strong_baseline, headphones_baseline, hide_image_baseline, hotel_class_rounded, how_to_reg_baseline, handshake_baseline, handshake_outlined, heart_broken_sharp, highlight_baseline, home_mini_baseline, home_work_baseline, houseboat_baseline, handshake_rounded, handyman_baseline, hardware_baseline, hdr_auto_baseline, hdr_plus_baseline, hdr_weak_baseline, home_max_baseline, hotel_class_sharp, hdr_off_baseline, headset_baseline, healing_baseline, hearing_baseline, hexagon_baseline, hexagon_outlined, history_baseline, hls_off_baseline, hls_off_outlined, hot_tub_baseline, handshake_sharp, hdr_on_baseline, height_baseline, hexagon_rounded, hiking_baseline, hls_off_rounded, hotel_baseline, house_baseline, https_baseline, hail_baseline, help_baseline, hevc_baseline, hexagon_sharp, hive_baseline, hive_outlined, hls_off_sharp, home_baseline, html_baseline, html_outlined, http_baseline, hvac_baseline, hive_rounded, hls_baseline, hls_outlined, html_rounded, hub_baseline, hub_outlined, hd_baseline, hls_rounded, hub_rounded, hive_sharp, html_sharp, hls_sharp, hub_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_right_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_right_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_down_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_down_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_left_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_left_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_right_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_down_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_left_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_right_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_up_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_up_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_down_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_left_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_up_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_up_sharp, keyboard_arrow_right_baseline, keyboard_command_key_baseline, keyboard_command_key_outlined, keyboard_control_key_baseline, keyboard_control_key_outlined, keyboard_arrow_down_baseline, keyboard_arrow_left_baseline, keyboard_command_key_rounded, keyboard_control_key_rounded, keyboard_option_key_baseline, keyboard_option_key_outlined, keyboard_backspace_baseline, keyboard_option_key_rounded, keyboard_arrow_up_baseline, keyboard_capslock_baseline, keyboard_command_key_sharp, keyboard_control_key_sharp, keyboard_control_baseline, keyboard_option_key_sharp, keyboard_return_baseline, keyboard_voice_baseline, keyboard_hide_baseline, kebab_dining_baseline, kebab_dining_outlined, keyboard_alt_baseline, keyboard_tab_baseline, kebab_dining_rounded, kitesurfing_baseline, kebab_dining_sharp, kayaking_baseline, keyboard_baseline, king_bed_baseline, key_off_baseline, key_off_outlined, kitchen_baseline, key_off_rounded, key_off_sharp, key_baseline, key_outlined, key_rounded, key_sharp, label_important_outline_baseline, local_convenience_store_baseline, local_fire_department_baseline, local_laundry_service_baseline, local_grocery_store_baseline, lte_plus_mobiledata_baseline, leave_bags_at_home_baseline, location_searching_baseline, laptop_chromebook_baseline, library_add_check_baseline, lightbulb_outline_baseline, local_gas_station_baseline, local_post_office_baseline, location_disabled_baseline, local_attraction_baseline, local_print_shop_baseline, local_restaurant_baseline, location_history_baseline, label_important_baseline, local_printshop_baseline, laptop_windows_baseline, local_activity_baseline, local_car_wash_baseline, local_hospital_baseline, local_pharmacy_baseline, local_shipping_baseline, lte_mobiledata_baseline, label_outline_baseline, legend_toggle_baseline, library_books_baseline, library_music_baseline, linked_camera_baseline, local_airport_baseline, local_florist_baseline, local_library_baseline, local_parking_baseline, location_city_baseline, layers_clear_baseline, linear_scale_baseline, local_dining_baseline, local_movies_baseline, local_police_baseline, location_off_baseline, location_pin_baseline, lock_outline_baseline, low_priority_baseline, lunch_dining_baseline, leaderboard_baseline, leak_remove_baseline, library_add_baseline, line_weight_baseline, local_drink_baseline, local_hotel_baseline, local_offer_baseline, local_phone_baseline, local_pizza_baseline, location_on_baseline, laptop_mac_baseline, light_mode_baseline, line_style_baseline, local_cafe_baseline, local_mall_baseline, local_play_baseline, local_taxi_baseline, lock_clock_baseline, lock_reset_baseline, lock_reset_outlined, label_off_baseline, landscape_baseline, last_page_baseline, lens_blur_baseline, lightbulb_baseline, line_axis_baseline, line_axis_outlined, live_help_baseline, local_atm_baseline, local_bar_baseline, local_see_baseline, lock_open_baseline, lock_reset_rounded, looks_one_baseline, looks_two_baseline, language_baseline, leak_add_baseline, line_axis_rounded, link_off_baseline, list_alt_baseline, logo_dev_baseline, logo_dev_outlined, live_tv_baseline, lock_reset_sharp, logo_dev_rounded, looks_5_baseline, looks_4_baseline, looks_6_baseline, looks_3_baseline, loyalty_baseline, luggage_baseline, laptop_baseline, launch_baseline, layers_baseline, line_axis_sharp, liquor_baseline, living_baseline, logout_baseline, label_baseline, light_baseline, login_baseline, logo_dev_sharp, looks_baseline, loupe_baseline, lens_baseline, link_baseline, list_baseline, lock_baseline, loop_baseline, lan_baseline, lan_outlined, lan_rounded, lan_sharp, integration_instructions_baseline, indeterminate_check_box_baseline, insert_chart_outlined_baseline, image_not_supported_baseline, image_aspect_ratio_baseline, imagesearch_roller_baseline, important_devices_baseline, incomplete_circle_baseline, incomplete_circle_outlined, insert_drive_file_baseline, insert_invitation_baseline, insert_page_break_baseline, insert_page_break_outlined, invert_colors_off_baseline, incomplete_circle_rounded, insert_page_break_rounded, interpreter_mode_baseline, interpreter_mode_outlined, invert_colors_on_baseline, import_contacts_baseline, insert_emoticon_baseline, install_desktop_baseline, install_desktop_outlined, interpreter_mode_rounded, incomplete_circle_sharp, insert_comment_baseline, insert_page_break_sharp, install_desktop_rounded, install_mobile_baseline, install_mobile_outlined, import_export_baseline, install_mobile_rounded, interpreter_mode_sharp, invert_colors_baseline, image_search_baseline, info_outline_baseline, insert_chart_baseline, insert_photo_baseline, install_desktop_sharp, ice_skating_baseline, insert_link_baseline, install_mobile_sharp, inventory_2_baseline, interests_baseline, interests_outlined, inventory_baseline, ios_share_baseline, icecream_baseline, insights_baseline, interests_rounded, interests_sharp, image_baseline, inbox_baseline, input_baseline, info_baseline, iron_baseline, iso_baseline, javascript_baseline, javascript_outlined, join_inner_baseline, join_inner_outlined, join_right_baseline, join_right_outlined, javascript_rounded, join_full_baseline, join_full_outlined, join_inner_rounded, join_left_baseline, join_left_outlined, join_right_rounded, join_full_rounded, join_left_rounded, javascript_sharp, join_inner_sharp, join_right_sharp, join_full_sharp, join_left_sharp, online_prediction_baseline, open_in_browser_baseline, open_in_new_off_baseline, ondemand_video_baseline, offline_share_baseline, outdoor_grill_baseline, outgoing_mail_baseline, outlined_flag_baseline, offline_bolt_baseline, open_in_full_baseline, other_houses_baseline, offline_pin_baseline, open_in_new_baseline, open_with_baseline, outbound_baseline, opacity_baseline, outbond_baseline, outbox_baseline, outlet_baseline, output_baseline, output_outlined, output_rounded, output_sharp, no_encryption_gmailerrorred_baseline, notification_important_baseline, notifications_active_baseline, notifications_paused_baseline, not_listed_location_baseline, notifications_none_baseline, notifications_off_baseline, near_me_disabled_baseline, nightlight_round_baseline, notification_add_baseline, notifications_on_baseline, navigate_before_baseline, no_meals_ouline_baseline, no_meeting_room_baseline, network_locked_baseline, no_photography_baseline, nordic_walking_baseline, not_accessible_baseline, not_interested_baseline, nature_people_baseline, navigate_next_baseline, network_check_baseline, night_shelter_baseline, no_encryption_baseline, notifications_baseline, now_wallpaper_baseline, nearby_error_baseline, network_cell_baseline, network_ping_baseline, network_ping_outlined, network_wifi_baseline, new_releases_baseline, network_ping_rounded, nights_stay_baseline, no_accounts_baseline, no_backpack_baseline, no_stroller_baseline, no_transfer_baseline, not_started_baseline, now_widgets_baseline, navigation_baseline, nearby_off_baseline, nightlight_baseline, no_luggage_baseline, north_east_baseline, north_west_baseline, network_ping_sharp, new_label_baseline, newspaper_baseline, newspaper_outlined, next_plan_baseline, next_week_baseline, nightlife_baseline, no_drinks_baseline, newspaper_rounded, no_flash_baseline, no_meals_baseline, note_add_baseline, note_alt_baseline, near_me_baseline, no_cell_baseline, no_food_baseline, numbers_baseline, numbers_outlined, nature_baseline, newspaper_sharp, no_sim_baseline, numbers_rounded, north_baseline, notes_baseline, note_baseline, numbers_sharp, nat_baseline, nfc_baseline, miscellaneous_services_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_outlined, motion_photos_paused_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_rounded, media_bluetooth_off_baseline, mobile_screen_share_baseline, motion_photos_pause_baseline, markunread_mailbox_baseline, media_bluetooth_on_baseline, motion_photos_auto_baseline, mark_email_unread_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_sharp, medication_liquid_baseline, medication_liquid_outlined, messenger_outline_baseline, missed_video_call_baseline, mode_edit_outline_baseline, monochrome_photos_baseline, motion_photos_off_baseline, mark_chat_unread_baseline, medical_services_baseline, medication_liquid_rounded, mic_external_off_baseline, motion_photos_on_baseline, multitrack_audio_baseline, my_library_books_baseline, my_library_music_baseline, manage_accounts_baseline, mark_email_read_baseline, mic_external_on_baseline, mobile_friendly_baseline, monetization_on_baseline, money_off_csred_baseline, multiline_chart_baseline, maps_home_work_baseline, mark_as_unread_baseline, mark_chat_read_baseline, medication_liquid_sharp, mobiledata_off_baseline, mode_of_travel_baseline, mode_of_travel_outlined, model_training_baseline, monitor_weight_baseline, movie_creation_baseline, my_library_add_baseline, manage_search_baseline, military_tech_baseline, mode_of_travel_rounded, monitor_heart_baseline, monitor_heart_outlined, move_to_inbox_baseline, multiple_stop_baseline, mail_outline_baseline, meeting_room_baseline, mode_comment_baseline, mode_standby_baseline, monitor_heart_rounded, movie_filter_baseline, mode_of_travel_sharp, music_video_baseline, my_location_baseline, markunread_baseline, medication_baseline, merge_type_baseline, mobile_off_baseline, mode_night_baseline, monitor_heart_sharp, more_horiz_baseline, motorcycle_baseline, music_note_baseline, mediation_baseline, menu_book_baseline, menu_open_baseline, messenger_baseline, microwave_baseline, mode_edit_baseline, money_off_baseline, more_time_baseline, more_vert_baseline, move_down_baseline, move_down_outlined, music_off_baseline, maps_ugc_baseline, maximize_baseline, mic_none_baseline, minimize_baseline, mood_bad_baseline, move_down_rounded, message_baseline, mic_off_baseline, monitor_baseline, move_up_baseline, move_up_outlined, margin_baseline, memory_baseline, mosque_baseline, mosque_outlined, move_down_sharp, move_up_rounded, moving_baseline, museum_baseline, masks_baseline, merge_baseline, merge_outlined, money_baseline, moped_baseline, mosque_rounded, mouse_baseline, movie_baseline, mail_baseline, male_baseline, menu_baseline, merge_rounded, mode_baseline, mood_baseline, more_baseline, move_up_sharp, man_baseline, man_outlined, map_baseline, mic_baseline, mms_baseline, mosque_sharp, man_rounded, merge_sharp, mp_baseline, man_sharp, panorama_photosphere_select_baseline, panorama_horizontal_select_baseline, panorama_wide_angle_select_baseline, production_quantity_limits_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_outlined, panorama_vertical_select_baseline, photo_size_select_actual_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_rounded, perm_device_information_baseline, phone_bluetooth_speaker_baseline, photo_size_select_large_baseline, photo_size_select_small_baseline, precision_manufacturing_baseline, picture_in_picture_alt_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_sharp, published_with_changes_baseline, perm_contact_calendar_baseline, panorama_photosphere_baseline, pause_circle_outline_baseline, private_connectivity_baseline, private_connectivity_outlined, panorama_horizontal_baseline, panorama_wide_angle_baseline, pause_circle_filled_baseline, person_add_disabled_baseline, person_remove_alt_1_baseline, pest_control_rodent_baseline, play_circle_outline_baseline, playlist_add_circle_baseline, playlist_add_circle_outlined, private_connectivity_rounded, pause_presentation_baseline, photo_camera_front_baseline, picture_in_picture_baseline, play_circle_filled_baseline, playlist_add_check_baseline, playlist_add_circle_rounded, power_settings_new_baseline, panorama_fish_eye_baseline, panorama_vertical_baseline, perm_data_setting_baseline, person_pin_circle_baseline, photo_camera_back_baseline, pie_chart_outline_baseline, pivot_table_chart_baseline, portable_wifi_off_baseline, private_connectivity_sharp, panorama_fisheye_baseline, perm_contact_cal_baseline, perm_device_info_baseline, person_add_alt_1_baseline, play_circle_fill_baseline, playlist_add_circle_sharp, pending_actions_baseline, perm_camera_mic_baseline, personal_injury_baseline, phone_forwarded_baseline, phonelink_erase_baseline, phonelink_setup_baseline, playlist_remove_baseline, playlist_remove_outlined, people_outline_baseline, perm_phone_msg_baseline, perm_scan_wifi_baseline, person_add_alt_baseline, person_outline_baseline, personal_video_baseline, phone_callback_baseline, phone_disabled_baseline, phonelink_lock_baseline, phonelink_ring_baseline, picture_as_pdf_baseline, playlist_remove_rounded, pregnant_woman_baseline, present_to_all_baseline, print_disabled_baseline, perm_identity_baseline, person_remove_baseline, person_search_baseline, phone_android_baseline, phone_enabled_baseline, phone_in_talk_baseline, phonelink_off_baseline, photo_library_baseline, play_disabled_baseline, play_for_work_baseline, playlist_play_baseline, point_of_sale_baseline, priority_high_baseline, pan_tool_alt_baseline, pan_tool_alt_outlined, pause_circle_baseline, pest_control_baseline, phone_iphone_baseline, phone_locked_baseline, phone_missed_baseline, phone_paused_baseline, photo_camera_baseline, photo_filter_baseline, playlist_add_baseline, playlist_remove_sharp, price_change_baseline, pan_tool_alt_rounded, paragliding_baseline, photo_album_baseline, play_circle_baseline, play_lesson_baseline, power_input_baseline, price_check_baseline, privacy_tip_baseline, punch_clock_baseline, punch_clock_outlined, party_mode_baseline, pedal_bike_baseline, people_alt_baseline, perm_media_baseline, person_add_baseline, person_off_baseline, person_pin_baseline, pin_invoke_baseline, pin_invoke_outlined, plagiarism_baseline, play_arrow_baseline, psychology_baseline, public_off_baseline, punch_clock_rounded, pan_tool_alt_sharp, phonelink_baseline, piano_off_baseline, pie_chart_baseline, pin_invoke_rounded, power_off_baseline, pageview_baseline, pan_tool_baseline, panorama_baseline, password_baseline, payments_baseline, pentagon_baseline, pentagon_outlined, phishing_baseline, phishing_outlined, pin_drop_baseline, plumbing_baseline, plus_one_baseline, podcasts_baseline, polyline_baseline, polyline_outlined, portrait_baseline, post_add_baseline, punch_clock_sharp, push_pin_baseline, padding_baseline, palette_baseline, pattern_baseline, payment_baseline, pending_baseline, pentagon_rounded, percent_baseline, percent_outlined, phishing_rounded, pin_end_baseline, pin_end_outlined, pin_invoke_sharp, polyline_rounded, polymer_baseline, preview_baseline, publish_baseline, paypal_baseline, paypal_outlined, people_baseline, percent_rounded, person_baseline, pin_end_rounded, policy_baseline, public_baseline, pages_baseline, paste_baseline, pause_baseline, paypal_rounded, pentagon_sharp, phishing_sharp, phone_baseline, photo_baseline, piano_baseline, pinch_baseline, pinch_outlined, place_baseline, polyline_sharp, power_baseline, print_baseline, paid_baseline, park_baseline, percent_sharp, pets_baseline, pin_end_sharp, pinch_rounded, poll_baseline, pool_baseline, paypal_sharp, php_baseline, php_outlined, pin_baseline, pix_baseline, pix_outlined, php_rounded, pinch_sharp, pix_rounded, php_sharp, pix_sharp, quick_contacts_dialer_baseline, quick_contacts_mail_baseline, qr_code_scanner_baseline, question_answer_baseline, queue_play_next_baseline, query_builder_baseline, question_mark_baseline, question_mark_outlined, question_mark_rounded, query_stats_baseline, queue_music_baseline, question_mark_sharp, quickreply_baseline, qr_code_2_baseline, qr_code_baseline, queue_baseline, quora_baseline, quora_outlined, quiz_baseline, quora_rounded, quora_sharp, signal_wifi_statusbar_connected_no_internet_4_baseline, signal_cellular_connected_no_internet_4_bar_baseline, signal_cellular_connected_no_internet_0_bar_baseline, signal_wifi_connected_no_internet_4_baseline, sentiment_very_dissatisfied_baseline, signal_wifi_statusbar_4_bar_baseline, signal_wifi_statusbar_null_baseline, sentiment_very_satisfied_baseline, settings_input_component_baseline, settings_input_composite_baseline, settings_system_daydream_baseline, subdirectory_arrow_right_baseline, security_update_warning_baseline, sentiment_satisfied_alt_baseline, settings_backup_restore_baseline, subdirectory_arrow_left_baseline, sentiment_dissatisfied_baseline, settings_accessibility_baseline, settings_input_antenna_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_outlined, signal_cellular_no_sim_baseline, signal_cellular_nodata_baseline, signal_wifi_4_bar_lock_baseline, stay_current_landscape_baseline, stay_primary_landscape_baseline, screen_lock_landscape_baseline, screen_search_desktop_baseline, settings_applications_baseline, settings_input_svideo_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_rounded, signal_cellular_4_bar_baseline, signal_cellular_0_bar_baseline, star_border_purple500_baseline, stay_current_portrait_baseline, stay_primary_portrait_baseline, screen_lock_portrait_baseline, screen_lock_rotation_baseline, security_update_good_baseline, signal_cellular_null_baseline, store_mall_directory_baseline, send_time_extension_baseline, send_time_extension_outlined, sentiment_satisfied_baseline, settings_brightness_baseline, settings_input_hdmi_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_sharp, signal_cellular_alt_baseline, signal_cellular_off_baseline, sports_martial_arts_baseline, sports_martial_arts_outlined, send_time_extension_rounded, settings_bluetooth_baseline, share_arrival_time_baseline, sports_martial_arts_rounded, sports_motorsports_baseline, stacked_line_chart_baseline, sentiment_neutral_baseline, settings_ethernet_baseline, settings_overscan_baseline, signal_wifi_4_bar_baseline, signal_wifi_0_bar_baseline, sim_card_download_baseline, slow_motion_video_baseline, speaker_notes_off_baseline, sports_basketball_baseline, sports_gymnastics_baseline, sports_gymnastics_outlined, sports_volleyball_baseline, stacked_bar_chart_baseline, stop_screen_share_baseline, self_improvement_baseline, send_and_archive_baseline, send_time_extension_sharp, settings_display_baseline, settings_suggest_baseline, sports_gymnastics_rounded, sports_martial_arts_sharp, screen_rotation_baseline, security_update_baseline, settings_remote_baseline, shopping_basket_baseline, signal_wifi_bad_baseline, signal_wifi_off_baseline, social_distance_baseline, space_dashboard_baseline, sports_baseball_baseline, sports_football_baseline, sports_handball_baseline, strikethrough_s_baseline, safety_divider_baseline, send_to_mobile_baseline, settings_phone_baseline, settings_power_baseline, settings_voice_baseline, share_location_baseline, sim_card_alert_baseline, snippet_folder_baseline, sports_cricket_baseline, sports_esports_baseline, sports_gymnastics_sharp, sports_kabaddi_baseline, star_purple500_baseline, satellite_alt_baseline, satellite_alt_outlined, schedule_send_baseline, sd_card_alert_baseline, sensor_window_baseline, settings_cell_baseline, shopping_cart_baseline, shutter_speed_baseline, skateboarding_baseline, skip_previous_baseline, smart_display_baseline, smoking_rooms_baseline, sort_by_alpha_baseline, south_america_baseline, south_america_outlined, speaker_group_baseline, speaker_notes_baseline, speaker_phone_baseline, sports_hockey_baseline, sports_soccer_baseline, sports_tennis_baseline, sticky_note_2_baseline, satellite_alt_rounded, saved_search_baseline, scatter_plot_baseline, screen_share_baseline, scuba_diving_baseline, scuba_diving_outlined, shopping_bag_baseline, smart_button_baseline, smart_screen_baseline, snowboarding_baseline, soup_kitchen_baseline, soup_kitchen_outlined, south_america_rounded, sports_rugby_baseline, sports_score_baseline, star_outline_baseline, scuba_diving_rounded, sensor_door_baseline, sensors_off_baseline, shield_moon_baseline, shield_moon_outlined, snowshoeing_baseline, soup_kitchen_rounded, splitscreen_baseline, sports_golf_baseline, square_foot_baseline, star_border_baseline, stop_circle_baseline, satellite_alt_sharp, scoreboard_baseline, scoreboard_outlined, screenshot_baseline, sd_storage_baseline, search_off_baseline, select_all_baseline, shield_moon_rounded, short_text_baseline, show_chart_baseline, shuffle_on_baseline, single_bed_baseline, smartphone_baseline, smoke_free_baseline, sms_failed_baseline, snowmobile_baseline, south_america_sharp, south_east_baseline, south_west_baseline, spellcheck_baseline, sports_bar_baseline, sports_mma_baseline, ssid_chart_baseline, ssid_chart_outlined, storefront_baseline, straighten_baseline, streetview_baseline, sanitizer_baseline, satellite_baseline, scoreboard_rounded, scuba_diving_sharp, skip_next_baseline, slideshow_baseline, smart_toy_baseline, soup_kitchen_sharp, space_bar_baseline, ssid_chart_rounded, star_half_baseline, star_rate_baseline, save_alt_baseline, schedule_baseline, security_baseline, set_meal_baseline, settings_baseline, shield_moon_sharp, shop_two_baseline, shortcut_baseline, signpost_baseline, signpost_outlined, sim_card_baseline, sledding_baseline, snapchat_baseline, snapchat_outlined, straight_baseline, straight_outlined, stroller_baseline, sailing_baseline, save_as_baseline, save_as_outlined, savings_baseline, scanner_baseline, science_baseline, scoreboard_sharp, sd_card_baseline, segment_baseline, sensors_baseline, shopify_baseline, shopify_outlined, shuffle_baseline, signpost_rounded, snapchat_rounded, snowing_baseline, speaker_baseline, ssid_chart_sharp, stadium_baseline, stadium_outlined, storage_baseline, straight_rounded, subject_baseline, save_as_rounded, schema_baseline, school_baseline, search_baseline, shield_baseline, shop_2_baseline, shopify_rounded, shower_baseline, snooze_baseline, source_baseline, sports_baseline, square_baseline, square_outlined, stadium_rounded, stairs_baseline, stream_baseline, scale_baseline, scale_outlined, score_baseline, share_baseline, signpost_sharp, snapchat_sharp, south_baseline, speed_baseline, spoke_baseline, spoke_outlined, square_rounded, stars_baseline, start_baseline, start_outlined, store_baseline, storm_baseline, straight_sharp, style_baseline, save_as_sharp, save_baseline, scale_rounded, sell_baseline, send_baseline, shop_baseline, shopify_sharp, sick_baseline, soap_baseline, sort_baseline, spoke_rounded, stadium_sharp, star_baseline, start_rounded, stop_baseline, sip_baseline, sms_baseline, spa_baseline, square_sharp, scale_sharp, sd_baseline, spoke_sharp, start_sharp, radio_button_unchecked_baseline, remove_circle_outline_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_ccw_baseline, radio_button_checked_baseline, remove_shopping_cart_baseline, replay_circle_filled_baseline, report_gmailerrorred_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_cw_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_cw_outlined, rotate_90_degrees_cw_rounded, running_with_errors_baseline, restore_from_trash_baseline, real_estate_agent_baseline, record_voice_over_baseline, remove_from_queue_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_cw_sharp, radio_button_off_baseline, remove_moderator_baseline, room_preferences_baseline, roundabout_right_baseline, roundabout_right_outlined, radio_button_on_baseline, reduce_capacity_baseline, restaurant_menu_baseline, roundabout_left_baseline, roundabout_left_outlined, roundabout_right_rounded, remove_red_eye_baseline, report_problem_baseline, roller_skating_baseline, roller_skating_outlined, roundabout_left_rounded, rounded_corner_baseline, railway_alert_baseline, recent_actors_baseline, remove_circle_baseline, repeat_one_on_baseline, request_quote_baseline, rocket_launch_baseline, rocket_launch_outlined, roller_skating_rounded, roundabout_right_sharp, r_mobiledata_baseline, ramen_dining_baseline, receipt_long_baseline, request_page_baseline, restore_page_baseline, rocket_launch_rounded, room_service_baseline, rotate_right_baseline, roundabout_left_sharp, rate_review_baseline, remember_me_baseline, remove_done_baseline, restart_alt_baseline, ring_volume_baseline, roller_skating_sharp, rotate_left_baseline, rule_folder_baseline, ramp_right_baseline, ramp_right_outlined, repeat_one_baseline, report_off_baseline, restaurant_baseline, rocket_launch_sharp, run_circle_baseline, ramp_left_baseline, ramp_left_outlined, ramp_right_rounded, read_more_baseline, recommend_baseline, rectangle_baseline, rectangle_outlined, recycling_baseline, recycling_outlined, repeat_on_baseline, replay_10_baseline, replay_30_baseline, reply_all_baseline, rice_bowl_baseline, rv_hookup_baseline, ramp_left_rounded, rectangle_rounded, recycling_rounded, replay_5_baseline, reset_tv_baseline, rss_feed_baseline, ramp_right_sharp, raw_off_baseline, receipt_baseline, refresh_baseline, reorder_baseline, restore_baseline, reviews_baseline, roofing_baseline, ramp_left_sharp, raw_on_baseline, rectangle_sharp, recycling_sharp, reddit_baseline, reddit_outlined, redeem_baseline, remove_baseline, repeat_baseline, replay_baseline, report_baseline, rocket_baseline, rocket_outlined, router_baseline, rowing_baseline, radar_baseline, radio_baseline, reddit_rounded, reply_baseline, rocket_rounded, route_baseline, route_outlined, redo_baseline, room_baseline, route_rounded, rsvp_baseline, rule_baseline, reddit_sharp, rocket_sharp, rtt_baseline, route_sharp, update_disabled_baseline, u_turn_right_baseline, u_turn_right_outlined, u_turn_left_baseline, u_turn_left_outlined, u_turn_right_rounded, unfold_less_baseline, unfold_more_baseline, unpublished_baseline, unsubscribe_baseline, upload_file_baseline, u_turn_left_rounded, u_turn_right_sharp, unarchive_baseline, u_turn_left_sharp, umbrella_baseline, upcoming_baseline, upgrade_baseline, usb_off_baseline, update_baseline, upload_baseline, undo_baseline, usb_baseline, transfer_within_a_station_baseline, text_rotation_angledown_baseline, text_rotation_angleup_baseline, text_rotate_vertical_baseline, text_rotation_down_baseline, text_rotation_none_baseline, thumb_down_off_alt_baseline, transit_enterexit_baseline, turn_slight_right_baseline, turn_slight_right_outlined, table_restaurant_baseline, table_restaurant_outlined, thumb_up_off_alt_baseline, tips_and_updates_baseline, tips_and_updates_outlined, trending_neutral_baseline, turn_sharp_right_baseline, turn_sharp_right_outlined, turn_slight_left_baseline, turn_slight_left_outlined, turn_slight_right_rounded, table_restaurant_rounded, temple_buddhist_baseline, temple_buddhist_outlined, thermostat_auto_baseline, timer_10_select_baseline, tips_and_updates_rounded, turn_sharp_left_baseline, turn_sharp_left_outlined, turn_sharp_right_rounded, turn_slight_left_rounded, tab_unselected_baseline, tablet_android_baseline, takeout_dining_baseline, temple_buddhist_rounded, text_rotate_up_baseline, theater_comedy_baseline, thumb_down_alt_baseline, thumbs_up_down_baseline, timer_3_select_baseline, travel_explore_baseline, turn_sharp_left_rounded, turn_slight_right_sharp, table_restaurant_sharp, text_decrease_baseline, text_decrease_outlined, text_increase_baseline, text_increase_outlined, time_to_leave_baseline, tips_and_updates_sharp, track_changes_baseline, trending_down_baseline, trending_flat_baseline, turn_sharp_right_sharp, turn_slight_left_sharp, turned_in_not_baseline, tap_and_play_baseline, temple_buddhist_sharp, temple_hindu_baseline, temple_hindu_outlined, text_decrease_rounded, text_increase_rounded, text_snippet_baseline, thumb_up_alt_baseline, turn_sharp_left_sharp, table_chart_baseline, temple_hindu_rounded, text_fields_baseline, text_format_baseline, tire_repair_baseline, tire_repair_outlined, transgender_baseline, trending_up_baseline, trip_origin_baseline, two_wheeler_baseline, table_rows_baseline, table_view_baseline, tablet_mac_baseline, taxi_alert_baseline, text_decrease_sharp, text_increase_sharp, thermostat_baseline, thumb_down_baseline, tire_repair_rounded, toggle_off_baseline, turn_right_baseline, turn_right_outlined, table_bar_baseline, table_bar_outlined, tag_faces_baseline, temple_hindu_sharp, timelapse_baseline, timer_off_baseline, toggle_on_baseline, touch_app_baseline, transform_baseline, translate_baseline, turn_left_baseline, turn_left_outlined, turn_right_rounded, turned_in_baseline, table_bar_rounded, task_alt_baseline, telegram_baseline, telegram_outlined, terminal_baseline, terminal_outlined, theaters_baseline, thumb_up_baseline, timeline_baseline, timer_10_baseline, tire_repair_sharp, tonality_baseline, tungsten_baseline, turn_left_rounded, telegram_rounded, terminal_rounded, terrain_baseline, textsms_baseline, texture_baseline, timer_3_baseline, traffic_baseline, turn_right_sharp, table_bar_sharp, tablet_baseline, tiktok_baseline, tiktok_outlined, turn_left_sharp, tv_off_baseline, tapas_baseline, telegram_sharp, terminal_sharp, tiktok_rounded, timer_baseline, title_baseline, today_baseline, token_baseline, token_outlined, topic_baseline, train_baseline, task_baseline, token_rounded, toll_baseline, tour_baseline, toys_baseline, tram_baseline, tune_baseline, tab_baseline, tag_baseline, tiktok_sharp, toc_baseline, try_baseline, tty_baseline, token_sharp, tv_baseline, system_security_update_warning_baseline, system_security_update_good_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_add_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_add_outlined, switch_access_shortcut_add_rounded, switch_access_shortcut_add_sharp, supervised_user_circle_baseline, swap_horizontal_circle_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_outlined, system_security_update_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_rounded, swap_vertical_circle_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_sharp, supervisor_account_baseline, system_update_alt_baseline, swap_vert_circle_baseline, system_update_tv_baseline, swipe_right_alt_baseline, swipe_right_alt_outlined, surround_sound_baseline, swipe_down_alt_baseline, swipe_down_alt_outlined, swipe_left_alt_baseline, swipe_left_alt_outlined, swipe_right_alt_rounded, swipe_vertical_baseline, swipe_vertical_outlined, switch_account_baseline, subscriptions_baseline, subtitles_off_baseline, sunny_snowing_baseline, support_agent_baseline, swipe_down_alt_rounded, swipe_left_alt_rounded, swipe_vertical_rounded, switch_camera_baseline, sync_disabled_baseline, system_update_baseline, swipe_right_alt_sharp, swipe_up_alt_baseline, swipe_up_alt_outlined, switch_right_baseline, switch_video_baseline, sync_problem_baseline, superscript_baseline, swipe_down_alt_sharp, swipe_left_alt_sharp, swipe_right_baseline, swipe_right_outlined, swipe_up_alt_rounded, swipe_vertical_sharp, switch_left_baseline, swap_calls_baseline, swap_horiz_baseline, swipe_down_baseline, swipe_down_outlined, swipe_left_baseline, swipe_left_outlined, swipe_right_rounded, subscript_baseline, subtitles_baseline, summarize_baseline, swap_vert_baseline, swipe_down_rounded, swipe_left_rounded, swipe_up_alt_sharp, synagogue_baseline, synagogue_outlined, sync_lock_baseline, sync_lock_outlined, swipe_right_sharp, swipe_up_baseline, swipe_up_outlined, synagogue_rounded, sync_alt_baseline, sync_lock_rounded, support_baseline, surfing_baseline, swipe_down_sharp, swipe_left_sharp, swipe_up_rounded, subway_baseline, synagogue_sharp, sync_lock_sharp, sunny_baseline, swipe_baseline, swipe_up_sharp, sync_baseline, youtube_searched_for_baseline, yard_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_rounded_baseline, wifi_protected_setup_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_outlined, wifi_tethering_off_baseline, workspaces_outline_baseline, wallet_membership_baseline, wheelchair_pickup_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_sharp, workspace_premium_baseline, workspace_premium_outlined, workspaces_filled_baseline, workspace_premium_rounded, wallet_giftcard_baseline, waterfall_chart_baseline, wb_incandescent_baseline, wifi_calling_3_baseline, wifi_tethering_baseline, workspace_premium_sharp, wrong_location_baseline, wallet_travel_baseline, warning_amber_baseline, wb_iridescent_baseline, wb_twighlight_baseline, web_asset_off_baseline, where_to_vote_baseline, wifi_password_baseline, wifi_password_outlined, water_damage_baseline, wifi_calling_baseline, wifi_channel_baseline, wifi_channel_outlined, wifi_password_rounded, woo_commerce_baseline, woo_commerce_outlined, work_outline_baseline, watch_later_baseline, waving_hand_baseline, waving_hand_outlined, wb_twilight_baseline, web_stories_baseline, wifi_channel_rounded, woo_commerce_rounded, water_drop_baseline, water_drop_outlined, waving_hand_rounded, wifi_password_sharp, workspaces_baseline, wallpaper_baseline, warehouse_baseline, warehouse_outlined, watch_off_baseline, watch_off_outlined, water_drop_rounded, wb_cloudy_baseline, web_asset_baseline, wifi_channel_sharp, wifi_find_baseline, wifi_find_outlined, wifi_lock_baseline, woo_commerce_sharp, wordpress_baseline, wordpress_outlined, wrap_text_baseline, warehouse_rounded, watch_off_rounded, waving_hand_sharp, wb_shade_baseline, wb_sunny_baseline, whatsapp_baseline, whatsapp_outlined, whatshot_baseline, wifi_find_rounded, wifi_off_baseline, wine_bar_baseline, wordpress_rounded, work_off_baseline, warning_baseline, water_drop_sharp, wb_auto_baseline, webhook_baseline, webhook_outlined, weekend_baseline, whatsapp_rounded, widgets_baseline, wysiwyg_baseline, warehouse_sharp, watch_off_sharp, webhook_rounded, wechat_baseline, wechat_outlined, wifi_find_sharp, window_baseline, wordpress_sharp, watch_baseline, water_baseline, waves_baseline, wechat_rounded, whatsapp_sharp, woman_baseline, woman_outlined, wash_baseline, webhook_sharp, west_baseline, wifi_baseline, woman_rounded, work_baseline, web_baseline, wechat_sharp, wc_baseline, woman_sharp, vertical_align_bottom_baseline, vertical_align_center_baseline, vertical_distribute_baseline, videogame_asset_off_baseline, vertical_align_top_baseline, video_camera_front_baseline, volunteer_activism_baseline, video_camera_back_baseline, video_collection_baseline, view_comfortable_baseline, view_compact_alt_baseline, view_compact_alt_outlined, videogame_asset_baseline, view_compact_alt_rounded, volume_down_alt_baseline, vertical_split_baseline, video_settings_baseline, view_comfy_alt_baseline, view_comfy_alt_outlined, visibility_off_baseline, voice_over_off_baseline, verified_user_baseline, video_library_baseline, view_carousel_baseline, view_comfy_alt_rounded, view_compact_alt_sharp, view_headline_baseline, view_timeline_baseline, view_timeline_outlined, vaping_rooms_baseline, vaping_rooms_outlined, video_stable_baseline, videocam_off_baseline, view_compact_baseline, view_sidebar_baseline, view_timeline_rounded, vaping_rooms_rounded, video_label_baseline, view_agenda_baseline, view_column_baseline, view_comfy_alt_sharp, view_kanban_baseline, view_kanban_outlined, view_module_baseline, view_stream_baseline, volume_down_baseline, volume_mute_baseline, vpn_key_off_baseline, vpn_key_off_outlined, video_call_baseline, video_file_baseline, video_file_outlined, view_array_baseline, view_comfy_baseline, view_in_ar_baseline, view_kanban_rounded, view_quilt_baseline, view_timeline_sharp, visibility_baseline, voice_chat_baseline, volume_off_baseline, vpn_key_off_rounded, vape_free_baseline, vape_free_outlined, vaping_rooms_sharp, vibration_baseline, video_file_rounded, view_cozy_baseline, view_cozy_outlined, view_list_baseline, view_week_baseline, voicemail_baseline, volume_up_baseline, vaccines_baseline, vaccines_outlined, vape_free_rounded, verified_baseline, videocam_baseline, view_cozy_rounded, view_day_baseline, view_kanban_sharp, vignette_baseline, vpn_key_off_sharp, vpn_lock_baseline, vaccines_rounded, video_file_sharp, vpn_key_baseline, vape_free_sharp, view_cozy_sharp, vrpano_baseline, vaccines_sharp, villa_baseline, zoom_out_map_baseline, zoom_in_map_baseline, zoom_in_map_outlined, zoom_in_map_rounded, zoom_in_map_sharp, zoom_out_baseline, zoom_in_baseline}
❌ new codepoints file does not contain all 7315 existing codepoints. Missing: {baby_changing_station, battery_charging_full, browser_not_supported, bluetooth_connected, bluetooth_searching, bluetooth_disabled, branding_watermark, border_horizontal, brightness_medium, batch_prediction, bookmark_outline, breakfast_dining, battery_unknown, bluetooth_audio, bluetooth_drive, bookmark_border, bookmark_remove, border_vertical, brightness_auto, brightness_high, business_center, bedroom_parent, bookmark_added, brightness_low, bakery_dining, battery_alert, battery_saver, bedroom_child, block_flipped, blur_circular, border_bottom, brunch_dining, backup_table, battery_full, beach_access, bedroom_baby, bike_scooter, bookmark_add, border_clear, border_color, border_inner, border_outer, border_right, border_style, brightness_5, brightness_4, brightness_1, brightness_7, brightness_6, brightness_3, brightness_2, broken_image, bubble_chart, build_circle, battery_std, blur_linear, book_online, border_left, border_all, border_top, bug_report, burst_mode, backspace, bar_chart, bloodtype, bluetooth, bookmarks, bus_alert, backpack, bathroom, beenhere, blur_off, bookmark, bungalow, business, balcony, bathtub, bedtime, biotech, blender, blur_on, backup, ballot, badge, bento, block, brush, build, bolt, book, bed, airline_seat_individual_suite, airline_seat_legroom_reduced, airline_seat_legroom_normal, airline_seat_recline_normal, airline_seat_legroom_extra, airline_seat_recline_extra, airline_seat_flat_angled, align_horizontal_center, account_balance_wallet, align_horizontal_right, arrow_drop_down_circle, airplanemode_inactive, align_horizontal_left, align_vertical_bottom, align_vertical_center, admin_panel_settings, assignment_turned_in, assistant_navigation, add_photo_alterna…

---
## [zerodytrash/Simple-YouTube-Age-Restriction-Bypass](https://github.com/zerodytrash/Simple-YouTube-Age-Restriction-Bypass)@[0b9ce74230...](https://github.com/zerodytrash/Simple-YouTube-Age-Restriction-Bypass/commit/0b9ce7423094b9905337fc9cc9991dc506c1008d)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 18:36:13 by Demirci K

[chore] remove eslint & husky (#96)

* [chore] remove eslint & husky

Currently both are a pain in the ass and hard to work with in terms of developer experience, they are more like a nuisance than a helper.

ESlint is hard to work with when unconfigured. We might add this back in later when we have enough time to write the config rules.

Husky is reasonable, but with Prettier it tends to change files which are not in the commit. Although this is solvable with `lint-staged`, the fact that your code looks different on the commit vs what you just wrote is annoying. Also the error/warning messages are a lap of text, with bunch of useless information and it also does not play nicely with a GUI based Git.

My proposal (#97) as an alternative is having CI testing on GitHub on each pull request, when it fails, the dev must manually run `npm run format`. At that point it is clear to the dev that transformation has happened to the original code and is able to review it.

* upgrade packages

---
## [chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile](https://github.com/chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile)@[1fd17c21f1...](https://github.com/chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile/commit/1fd17c21f10c4feaa989adb533d1dda72dfb2f95)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 19:26:14 by Chris Bobbe

keyboard-avoiding ios: Begin forking RN's KeyboardAvoidingView

We'll make the fork usable soon, not in this pure copy-paste commit.

We don't like this implementation (see, e.g., 70eca0716, which took
a lot of painstaking investigation), but we want to fix #5162 as
soon as we can.

For a not-quite-perfect attempt at reimplementing it from scratch in
our style (and with #5162 fixed), see my branch
`reimplement-keyboard-avoiding-view` on GitHub.

We can't easily make a jank-free solution in a normal React Native
way because we can't have perfect information about the layout on
every frame. React Native exposes it to us by consuming event
listeners and providing asynchronous query functions, and we end up
having to learn about different aspects of the layout at different
times.

The best hope for a jank-free solution is to use native iOS APIs. If
we're feeling adventurous and we find the time, we should really try
hard to make React Native play along with iOS's
`keyboardLayoutGuide` API (iOS 15+).

The first four minutes of this video should be really useful
background on the `keyboardLayoutGuide` feature:
  https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2021/10259/

It works within iOS's "Auto Layout" system:
  https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/UserExperience/Conceptual/AutolayoutPG/index.html

But then we'd have to go and

(a) Make a native component:
      https://reactnative.dev/docs/native-components-ios

(b) Figure out how to make React Native's propagate-from-JavaScript
    layout system (Yoga) not fight with the native iOS layout
    system, including "Auto Layout" and `keyboardLayoutGuide`.
    Possibly we can pick up some clues from
    `react-native-safe-area-context` for this?

From another angle, since the jank is regularly seen on screen
orientation changes between portrait and landscape, we could
consider just unsupporting the landscape orientation. On very common
device types, like phones, it's just not as easy to use the app in,
especially for composing messages.

---
## [ariccio/COVID-CO2-tracker](https://github.com/ariccio/COVID-CO2-tracker)@[65ba7f08d2...](https://github.com/ariccio/COVID-CO2-tracker/commit/65ba7f08d23123299cbce784b6f3956bea92dd93)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 19:28:46 by Alexander Riccio

obfuscate keys *slightly* more

This will NOT stop anybody from reverse engineering things, but it will very mildly annoy them. If you're trying to steal my stuff: fuck you!

And don't worry, everything is origin protected anyways :)

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[4a64c83cd9...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/4a64c83cd9c5bf880a055531ac61d3f1a7d4e4c0)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 19:38:32 by hellmonk

feat: invert the wanderer paradigm

Wn is a really cool "random start" option, but has a couple annoyances.
You can get some truly awful starts due to the way skill points are
assigned, and are basically guaranteed to have awful stats due to the
way stat points are assigned. This commit tries to rectify those problems
and adds some new things that Wn can get at game start.

The new model assigns the equipment first, based entirely on species
apts, then assigns stats and skills afterward depending on what we got.
It tends to lead to more lopsided (ie useful) stat distributions and
higher levels of skill in things that are useful, though these are by no
means guaranteed.

Along with changing the model this commit makes the following
adjustments to Wn starting equipment, offering a wider mix of cool
things:

- "good weapon" can get an upgraded base type or vorpal brand instead of enchant
- "good armour" can roll chain instead of +2 scale, and gives acid scales for
  non-chain users
- "good shield" now rolls an enchanted buckler or prot buckler, instead
  of a kite shield
- "good magic school" rolls a 3-spell randbook instead of a background
  starting book
- "good spellcasting" rolls a 4-spell any-school randbook (capped at
  level 3)
- "good stealth" can give either a +2 dagger and a consumable or a plain
  dagger and a mix of atropa and datura darts
- it is possible to start with a hunting sling and sling skill
- throwing can start with boomerangs
- it is possible to get aux armour (and likely for oddly shaped species)
- a wider variety of potions and scrolls can be rolled
- a wider variety of evocables can be rolled
- Wn that start with sandblast also start with stones

[ Committer's notes: Thanks to gammafunk, kate, and PleasingFungus for
  input in this overhaul. ]

---
## [j0057/aoc2021](https://github.com/j0057/aoc2021)@[88773f27b7...](https://github.com/j0057/aoc2021/commit/88773f27b7ec18d256e93193e536a9bfd2fc9cb7)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 20:09:10 by Joost Molenaar

[13] Transparent Origami: implement some matrix math

I tried to abuse complex numbers at first, but you can't use them to
mirror accross an arbitrary axis. Then I tried to apply linear algebra,
but that's no good either. Then I figured out you can just hack it
together with by considering that the mirror line is exactly halfway
between the original point and the mirrored point and doing some basic
algebra, but where's the fun in that?

By putting the 2D points in 3D space, you can use [affine
transformations][1] (see especially [this cheat sheet][2]) and compose
together translation, rotation, shearing and reflection operations,
which allows you to express this problem as "translate, then reflect,
then translate back".

I did have to sort of re-figure out how matrix multiplication works – I
think we did cover this when I studied – and I did need someone to [tell
me][2] that to compose together transform 𝐓₁ with 𝐓₂ you have to
calculate 𝐓₂𝐓₁ instead of 𝐓₁𝐓₂ (thanks, [Quarter Lemon][4]!), but it
works now and I learned something useful and interesting, so mission
accomplished!

[1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affine_transformation
[2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affine_transformation#/media/File:2D_affine_transformation_matrix.svg
[3]: https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/4332496/reflect-a-point-across-a-line-using-affine-transform/
[4]: https://math.stackexchange.com/users/948761/quarter-lemon

---
## [neithernut/dr.w.falls](https://github.com/neithernut/dr.w.falls)@[3ecbf6ca02...](https://github.com/neithernut/dr.w.falls/commit/3ecbf6ca02b50309f700df5446ad23819ee4671a)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 21:10:01 by Julian Ganz

display: add fn for decoding DrawCommands in tests

Our display code might end up being a pit of subtile errors.
Unfortunately, writing tests for it will take some effort.

Most of the code actually producing output pushes `DrawCommand`s through
a `DisplayHandle`, which wraps a `FramedWrite` with our `ANSIEncoder`.
If we could generalize the handle over `AsyncWrite`s with `DrawCommand`
as item type, we could simply take those and process them in our tests.
However, the whole purpose of `DisplayHandle` was to hide `DrawCommand`
from the outside.

We could somehow replace it with some mock in our tests, but that would
be cheating, and messy, and somehow not right. Instead, we take the
detour over the actual bytes we'd normally send to the player via the
network.

This obviously means we need to _decode_ `DrawCommand`s.

The obvious solution would be to write an `ANSIDecoder` and have it impl
`tokio_util::codec::Decoder`. However, we want to keep things as simple
as possible, and we'll want the ability to perform the decoding in a
specialized `AsyncWrite` we'll introduce for our tests without too much
of a headache.

So we introduce a single, "simple" decoding function. It will not cope
with cut-off ANSI sequences, but that shouldn't be a problem since we
expect `FramedWrite` to push only complete sequences anyway. If not,
we'll figure something out...

---
## [AbnormalPoof/Kade-Engine](https://github.com/AbnormalPoof/Kade-Engine)@[bc0e3d36aa...](https://github.com/AbnormalPoof/Kade-Engine/commit/bc0e3d36aa4f66a287f31d232565df3229e025f4)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 21:48:01 by your average coder thingy idk

c

STOP POSTING ABOUT STABLE, IM TIRED OF SEEING IT

MY FRIEND SON TIKTOK SEND ME STABLE, ON DISCORD IT'S FUCKING STABLE
I was in, a server right? AND ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL THE CHANNELS ARE JUST STABLE
HELL, I EVEN SEFERFNEOIRFNEORIFNEO

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[d082dbc4d6...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/d082dbc4d61200368e03972153fba6a7fe21895f)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-14 23:34:26 by pin

sysutils/macchina: update to 6.0.1

v6.0.1
- Use the correct section numbering for our manpages.

v6.0.0
macchina v6.0, codename "Gallium"

We hope you'll enjoy this release as much as we did preparing it :heart:

If you want to give back to macchina, tell your friends about it :)

BREAKING CHANGES

- `MACCHINA_CONF` has been deprecated. The reason being that it accomplishes
  the same thing as `--config`. (#200)
- In themes, the `hide_bar_delimiters` option has been deprecated. We've
  renamed it to `hide_delimiters` and moved it to the [bar] section. (#200)
- In themes, the `palette` option has been deprecated. There's now an entire
  section dedicated to the palette component named [palette]. (#200)

Bugfixes

- The command-line flag named `--short-uptime` has been renamed to
  `--long-uptime`, the option in your configuration remains the same. (#200)
- libmacchina: The desktop environment readout now prefers
  `XDG_CURRENT_DESKTOP`, with `DESKTOP_SESSION` as a fallback. (#199)
- A spacing bug that results in uneven space between the left and right side of
  the separator in certain situations has been fixed. (#200)
- A spacing bug that results in more space being used than specified when the
  separator is invisible has been fixed. (#200)
- Every option in theme files is now entirely optional, you will no longer get
  into trouble with cryptic error messages when forgetting to set some options.
  (#200)
- macchina should hopefully be able to locate macOS users' themes now. (#200)

Features

- We've added back the option to display your physical or logical core count.
  (#200)
- There's two new manpages! One for configuration and another for
  customization. (#200)
- macchina now searches through more locations for its themes, like
  `/usr/share`. (#200)
- There's now a much nicer error reporting for themes. (#208)

You can now:
- use indexed and hexadecimal colors for any option that accepts a color.
  (#193)
- tell macchina what pool of colors to use in the randomization process. (#200)
- specify the kind of border you want the box to use. (#200)
- specify the glyph used by the palette (#200).

Other nice things

- `--list-themes` gets a new look, and it tells which theme is active now as
  well.
- Some under-the-hood changes and refactoring work that very slightly improve
  performance and make the codebase nicer to navigate.
- macchina and libmacchina's dependencies have been bumped, so we're mostly
  up-to-date.
- libmacchina: Gentoo users no longer need `portage-utils` for the package
  readout to report their package count.

Big thanks to

- [uttarayan21](https://github.com/uttarayan21) for introducing 10x better
  error reporting, and bringing a whole set of new colors to macchina.
- [0323pin](https://github.com/0323pin) for contributing a sexy-looking theme
  and testing out this version on NetBSD.
- [FantasyTeddy](https://github.com/FantasyTeddy) for helping us resolve linter
  warnings for various platforms.

---

# [<](2021-12-13.md) 2021-12-14 [>](2021-12-15.md)

