# [<](2021-12-07.md) 2021-12-08 [>](2021-12-09.md)

3,517,232 events, 1,920,247 push events, 2,872,159 commit messages, 232,923,875 characters


## [verygoodsecurity/starlarky](https://github.com/verygoodsecurity/starlarky)@[d890c3a1f0...](https://github.com/verygoodsecurity/starlarky/commit/d890c3a1f06c520aca1bfa46346192de67963b33)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 00:18:40 by Mahmoud Abdelkader

Update Starlark to Tip (https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/commit/be96ade1cb6033d68d30ef9d20b063b87b86e646#diff-37cd73cae488b2421089c2b94c9a869cfb4a5f109753f60602b1dd20959bc573)

Changelog
for (Master)[https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/commit/be96ade1cb6033d68d30ef9d20b063b87b86e646#diff-37cd73cae488b2421089c2b94c9a869cfb4a5f109753f60602b1dd20959bc573]:

- Builtins injection: Rename _internal to _builtins and add functionality  …  This object is used in @_builtins .bzl files but is not accessible to user code. The `toplevel` and `native` fields give access to the *native* (pre-injected) values of symbols whose post-injected values are available to user .bzl files. For instance, -`_builtins.toplevel.CcInfo` in @_builtins code gives the original CcInfo definition from the Java code, even if `CcInfo` in a regular .bzl file refers to an injected value. (To avoid ambiguity, `CcInfo` itself is not a valid top-level symbol for @_builtins .bzl files.) The `internal` field contains any value registered via ConfiguredRuleClassProvider.Builder#addStarlarkBuiltinsInternal(). The `getFlag()` method can retrieve the values of StarlarkSemantics flags. Because of how flags are stored, it requires that a default value be given.
-  Starlark: better errors on integer overflow  …  Before:
```
>> [1] * (1 << 30) * (1 << 5)
Exception in thread "main" net.starlark.java.eval.Starlark$UncheckedEvalException: java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: arraycopy: last destination index 1073741824 out of bounds for object array[0] (Starlark stack: [<toplevel>@<stdin>:1:1])
net.starlark.java.eval.Starlark.fastcall(Starlark.java:621)
net.starlark.java.eval.Starlark.execFileProgram(Starlark.java:892)
...
exit 1
```

Now:
```
>> [1] * (1 << 30) * (1 << 5) Traceback (most recent call last):
File "<stdin>", line 1, column 21, in <toplevel>
Error: got 34359738368 for repeat, want value in signed 32-bit range
```
-  starlark: int: ignore base prefix unless matches explicit base  …  Previously, when int was called with an explicit base, it would report an error if the digit string starts with a base prefix for a different base, such as int("0b101", 16). Now, it uses the base prefix only if it matches the requested base, so the example above would return 0x0b101, as would int("0x0b101", 16). See github.com/google/starlark-go/pull/344
-  starlark: delete StarlarkFile.parseWithPrelude  …  It was an obstacle to interpreter optimizations, as it caused a single StarlarkFile to contain statements whose locations come from different files. The previous workspace logic used parseWithPrelude to concatenate all the statements of the WORKSPACE files (prefix + main + suffix) and then split them into chunks, ignoring---crucially, several days work revealed---file boundaries. The splitChunks logic now achieves the same effect by representing chunks as lists of nonempty partial files, and calling execute() for each partial file in the chunk. The chunk splitting tests have been rewritten, clarified, and expanded to exercise the chunk-spans-file-boundaries case. Many thanks to Jon Brandvein for hours of help trying to figure out what the workspace logic does. It is not our team's finest work. Also: - minor consequent simplifications to parser and lexer. - narrow the scope of various try blocks (sorry, messy diff).
-  starlark: remove redundant pattern validity check in Printer  …
-  starlark: support %x, %X, and %o conversions in 'string % number'  …  Also, improve operand type error message to show type, not value. See github.com/bazelbuild/starlark/pull/154 for spec change.
-  Starlark: StarlarkInt.{floordiv,mod} now work with 64-bit integers  …  * No special case for 32-bit integers, division is slow anyway * Switch `mod` to use `Math.floorMod` for simplicity/safety Closes #12667.
-  starlark: delete deprecated EvalException(Location) constructor  …  ...as there are, at long last, no further uses within Bazel. Also, clarify doc comments regarding EvalException.callstack.
-  bazel analysis: preparatory cleanup to SRCTU error reporting  …  This change causes the error handling logic in StarlarkRuleConfiguredTargetUtil (SRCTU) to avoid the EvalException(Location) constructor. Instead, the auxiliary location, if any, of provider instantiation is simply prepended to the error message (see the infoError function) in anticipation of being printed after a newline. For example:  ERROR p/BUILD:1:1:\n  foo.bzl:1:2: <provider-related message> createTarget uses a distinct exception, BadImplementationFunction, for errors that arise not from the Starlark implementation function but from the post-processing of the providers. A follow-up change will replace this exception by directly reporting events to the handler, thus permitting both higher quality structured errors capable of reporting more than one relevant location, and multiple errors in a single pass. However, that change is too tricky to accomplish in this CL. Also: - move "advertised provider" and "orphaned file" checks into createTarget. - add comments to document this particularly painful code. - delete EvalException.getDeprecatedLocation.
-  Starlark: long StarlarkInt multiply without BigInteger  …  Use Hacker's Delight 8-2. Closes #12643.
-  bazel packages: use EventHandler not EvalException in .bzl "export" o…  …  …peration This allows us to delete one of the deprecated EvalException(Location,...) constructors. Similar follow-up changes (events not exceptions) will be required to eliminate the remaining such constructor. As a bonus, this approach allows multiple errors to be reported at once.

---
## [facebookresearch/mobile-vision](https://github.com/facebookresearch/mobile-vision)@[4c30da003f...](https://github.com/facebookresearch/mobile-vision/commit/4c30da003f9a766f0c27f2f4ffdd0f492d747c0e)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 01:32:16 by Haroun Habeeb

switching to D2Go's export

Summary:
This is a pretty complex diff, not because of code but because of context. Stay with me:
 ---
Earlier, I had a hacky export function - `boltify`. Those bolt models didn't work, likely because I was passing in a batch size of 2. The error in question was an opaque type can't be typecasted error.

As a result I have to revisit `boltify`. Since this is BE week, I might as well switch to d2go's export workflow and not have any hacks in the first place :)

----

# Main Implementation to support export:
1. Introduce CoreModule that is used during export (after quantization and convert)
2. Introduce d2go warpper that supports `prepare_for_quant`, `prepare_for_quant_convert` and `prepare_for_export`
3. Set `EAGER_MODE = False` - This enables FX mode which is needed for my models?

## Explaining why we need this meta-arch:
boltification happens in a few steps:
1. quantization (fuse_fx, prepare_fx)
2. conversion (convert_fx)
3. export to script, then to bolt

Steps 1 and 2 will convert a pytorch model to a GraphModule, and lose functions other than `forward(...)` afaik. To get around that, we need the d2go wrapper to support `prepare_for_quant`, `prepare_for_quant_convert` which will modify the `model` attr inside the wrapper - so now we have the MetaArch but the actual model is a GraphModule.

The export step itself is a bit weird because it assumes that model_input is a flattened list/tuple of tensors, but thats fairly well documented and can be followed on the wiki
----

# Additional boiler plate in the Task

The d2go exporter has some quirks, especially when using LightningTask in oculus_face style.
Primarily, it calls `build_detection_train_loader` and passes in `list(cfg.DATASETS.TEST)` - which is bad for me because that config path was overwritten to be a CfgNode rather than a list of dataset names. Hence:

1. Edit orthofit task to create hive loader when `build_detection_test_loader` is called. Luckily Lightning calls `.test_loader`, which internally calls `_evaluation_loader`, so that code-path is disconnected from export code path.

----
# Quality of life changes to launch script:

1. [BE] num_cpu, num_nodes etc to follow Tong's lead
2. `stages` since I'll try to use the d2go export operator
3. When exporting, also set max_batch_count to avoid getting an infinitely looping train dataloader

Reviewed By: yanglinfang

Differential Revision: D32633897

fbshipit-source-id: b9242c46cb92c4a031bc39fbe8010ea16b0c25fd

---
## [Rubberduckycooly/Sonic-1-Sonic-2-2013-Script-Decompilation](https://github.com/Rubberduckycooly/Sonic-1-Sonic-2-2013-Script-Decompilation)@[4584cff6e1...](https://github.com/Rubberduckycooly/Sonic-1-Sonic-2-2013-Script-Decompilation/commit/4584cff6e152809f29d1967b3a172cf2629f84e3)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 02:15:16 by MegAmi

fuck you force field,,,,, i hate you so much,,,,,,,,

---
## [pfgithub/advent-of-code](https://github.com/pfgithub/advent-of-code)@[39f44d1654...](https://github.com/pfgithub/advent-of-code/commit/39f44d165453f473f60e19e6fae6b6967bfe3d10)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 06:26:39 by pfg

…wow that took me way too long.
it felt like part 1 was practically a red herring - like how does that even help me at all? at least for the solution i ended up with on part 2 when i gave up and just checked if it would be resonable performance to check all possible permutations

- like :: I kinda assumed that there would be too many permutations to check in part 2 so I was trying to extend off my part 1 answer for a while - but part 1 was completely useless. how does it help me to identify the numbers that are easy if it barely crosses anything off the mappings and I still need to make a full sudoku solver?
anyway I finally checked the leaderboard and saw that it was full so I gave up on time and looked up a permutation calculator to see if this would be too many permutations to resonably calculate. It wasn't so I just looped through the permutations and solved it trivially. Wow that took forever to realise.

anyway ok so reflection:
- part 1 I should have read the whole problem first, I didn't have to fill out that seven segment display data
- part 2 I was baited into assuming part 1 had something to do with it. I did try earlier to try to figure out the 'right' way to solve it but kept assuming

- WAIT ok seriously?
- "inputs" is a list of numbers from 0 to 9
- AJKDNSCNKncdsjaklc
- did they say that in the challenge statement?
- no???????
- just… leaving out a piece of key information??
- I'm not sure if I would have solved it faster with that, but still that's annoying
- ok anyway, reflection

In part 1:
- 1 minute doing data entry (typing out the numbers in the seven segment display)
  - Had I read the problem statement fully before starting, this wouldn't have been an issue. This is also what a lot of leaderboard people do and there's probably a good reason for that.
- 1min 30s solving the problem after understanding the problem statement
  - Slower than the #1 spot on the leaderboard for the entire challenge lol
  - A lot of that was
     - trying to figure out how to determine which of the segments had unique counts of letters
     - physically rearranging my digits in the file to order by length because I couldn't figure out how to do it in code
     - finally finishing that and then typing in literally 4 numbers into an array. definitely wouldn't have been faster to do that by hand, nope
- 50 seconds testing on practice and submitting
  - This usually doesn't take nearly this long - in this case it took a while because I had to fix their practice input because they manually wrapped it for readability in their sample when they didn't in their real thing. like come on just use `white-space:pre-wrap` rather than forcing me to edit the example you gave for no reason
- ok and that leaves… 4 minutes understanding the problem statement mixed with tiny bits of code
- …
- tomorrow I'm going to try reading the problem statement fully before starting any code

ok part 2:
- I don't remember when my first thought of "what if I just looped over all the options was" but it was possibly at ~22min? after I had just found out that my first attempt had bad logic
- that or it was at ~13min when I paused writing my first attempt because I felt like it might have bad logic and went back to read the problem statement a bit more to find any more info
- anyway whenever it was I should have done at least a quick check
- what I did finally was go find a permutations calculator and type in the numbers and… it was 5040
- if I had done that at 13min : ok it took me ~8 min to code including looking up permutations and stuff after realising that was probably a good choice so I probably wouldn't have made it to the leaderboard but I would have scored a lot higher
- anyway basically
  - not sure what the moral is here
  - it looked like too much to brute force in that way so I didn't consider it
  - consider it in the future?
  - not sure
- ok well
- I did pretty bad today. mostly attributed to not doing a single google search earlier
- I put a comment in the _defaults to remind me to read the problem statement fully next time
- That wouldn't have really helped with this one much (like I might have gotten ~200 on part 1 instead of ~800 but it wouldn't have helped with part 2 / might have because I spent way too long not realising that I could use the first part of the input)
- anyway yeah I'll try that tomorrow. only helpfs for speed on easy challenges though, doesn't help with trying to implement algorithms that are logically broken from the start

---
## [Postumius/tag-search](https://github.com/Postumius/tag-search)@[8761a6ba1a...](https://github.com/Postumius/tag-search/commit/8761a6ba1a3ef50c52ad89c8a20f377a94ea29e0)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 06:32:44 by Gosunkugi

updated the-list

Added:
Divekick
Battlestar Galactica Deadlock
The Wolf Among Us
We Know the Devil
Assassin’s Creed Brotherhood
Iron Brigade
Verdun
Sunless Sea
Outlast
Cave Story+
Sprint Vector
Metro: Last Light Redux
Control
OnlyCans: Thirst Date
Anno 2205
Far Cry 3
Far Cry 4
Rocksmith 2014
South Park: The Stick of Truth
Where the Water Tastes Like Wine
Love Letter - Card Game
SteamWorld Dig
Ultima Ratio Regum
Master Reboot
Star Fetchers
Rayman Origins
Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night
5D Chess With Multiverse Time Travel
STAR WARS: Squadrons
BPM: BULLETS PER MINUTE

Removed:
Bastion
Bayonetta
Castle Crashers
Dishonored
Portal
POSTAL
POSTAL 2
Punch Club
Selfie : Sisters of the Amniotic Lens
The Stanley Parable
Tabletop Simulator
Transistor
Vanquish
The Walking Dead
80 Days
Minecraft
Where the Water Tastes Like Wine: Fireside Chats
Love Letter
Assassin's Creed

---
## [rHermes/adventofcode](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode)@[ebd9322818...](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode/commit/ebd93228186e22a9379bee800e3acd0b0021d0c7)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 06:36:58 by Teodor Spæren

2021 Day 7

So this was a disgrace, I am shamed by my performance here. This day was
easy to code, but I spent a lot of time in the begining thinking that we
where trying to sort the crabs, instead of just moving them to one
position. This is a MUCH easier problem and one I solved almost
instantly.

THEN I MADE ANOTHER BIG MISTAKE. I thought they wanted the position with
least sum, but rather, they wanted the sum. Had to wait a whole minute
for this *facepalm*.

Part two was easy, I just brute forced it at first, but looking at it
now, it is clear that you can use the triangle numbers. It would be
interesting to see if there is some way to get the best position or
close to it, with some sort of formula.

Score:
      --------Part 1--------   -------Part 2--------
Day       Time   Rank  Score       Time  Rank  Score
  7   00:08:07   3423      0   00:09:12  1480      0

---
## [dubgeiser/vimconfig](https://github.com/dubgeiser/vimconfig)@[86ef3fbfa6...](https://github.com/dubgeiser/vimconfig/commit/86ef3fbfa6cec6c8878d8a9edc4ead7920e62d2e)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 07:54:20 by Per Juchtmans

FZF Window in line with terminal and Telescope

Not that confusing or anything, but it was annoying me that FZF in the
terminal had the cursor at the bottom, while in nvim at the top.
Since I'll probably switch to Telescope over time, it seems best to keep
it at the bottom, to train my eyes into looking at the right part of the
screen when fuzzy-finding.
I gave Telescope a try yesterday, but it had some things that did not
sit with me quite right:

    * It felt a bit slower (I used fzf-native extension)
    * Finding files deep down directories in a project with find_files
      is suboptimal because you cannot see the end part of the paths.
      (I'm thinking that hiding the preview window by default will solve
      this)
    * Live grep did not work with my ripgrep config for some reason (FZF
      does not mind at all)
    * Git commits does not seem to allow you to yank commit hashes.

---
## [shrinivaasanka/asfer-github-code](https://github.com/shrinivaasanka/asfer-github-code)@[7eb094aab5...](https://github.com/shrinivaasanka/asfer-github-code/commit/7eb094aab545f305978aca4d45634e55e0ac8a23)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 08:07:44 by Srinivasan Kannan

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1179. (THEORY and FEATURE) GIS Urban Sprawl Analytics - Urban Sprawl Extent from NASA SEDAC 2020 GPW 4.11 Population Density by contour, convex hull segmentation and minimum enclosing circles - related to 1174,1175 and all sections on GIS Urban Sprawl Analytics, Merit of Large Scale Visuals, Computational Geometry, Intrinsic Merit Rankings, R Ricker and SEDAC GPW4 Convex Hull Population Estimations, Social Network Analytics, Space filling by Curves, Unequal Circle and Polynomial packing, Computational Geometry, Four color theorem, Economic Merit, Computational Economics, Neural Network Model of Urban Extent, Approximation of functions by polynomials, Weirstrass Theorem, Jordan Curve Theorem, Cellular Automaton Graph model of diffusion of opinions/memes/cybercrimes/pandemics, Multiple Agent Resource Allocation - 8 December 2021
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1179.1 Estimation on Urban Sprawls of Southern India (which has since been chosen because of heavy urbanisation) from NASA SEDAC GPW 4.11 Population count 2020 imagery https://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/set/gpw-v4-population-count-rev11/data-download in 1175 was based on population count which has been revised in Population density 2020 imagery https://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/set/gpw-v4-population-density-rev11 to include latest urban area boundaries and new urban sprawls.
1179.2 SEDAC GPW 4.11 Population Density 2020 image SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020.jpeg has been GIMP photoshopped to remove non-urban area pixels and edited image is stored in SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited.jpeg
1179.3 SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited.jpeg has been contour and convex hull segmented and minimum enclosing circles are drawn around urban sprawls.
1179.4 Urban sprawl ranking are updated accordingly and written to logs testlogs/GISUrbanSprawlAnalytics.log.8December2021.
1179.5 Similar to https://sedac.ciesin.columbia.edu/data/set/urbanspatial-urban-extents-viirs-modis-us-2015/maps/services urban extent learner which uses sophisticated machine learning methods of Random forests, Gradient boost machine, Ensemble and neural networks for US cities based on NASA MODIS and VIIRS mentioned in 1175.12.8, following simple Neural network (perceptron) could be defined for learning urban sprawls based on SEDAC color coding and night lights (which is per se statistical while Urban sprawl extent estimation in NeuronRain is Computational geometric and polynomial packing based):
        1179.5.1 For pixel value p, weight a and bias b, if a*p + b > threshold_brightness add pixel to urban area.
1179.6 Following are the affected logs and convexhull-contour segmented image files for SEDAC GPW 4.11 Population Density 2020:
        testlogs/RemoteSensingGIS/SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited_FaceGraph.jpeg
        testlogs/RemoteSensingGIS/SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited_ImageNet_Keras_Theano_Segmentation_FaceGraph.dot
        testlogs/RemoteSensingGIS/SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited_contour_segmented.jpeg
        testlogs/RemoteSensingGIS/SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited_convex_hull_segmented.jpeg
        testlogs/RemoteSensingGIS/SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited_segmented.jpg
        testlogs/SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited-contourlabelled.jpg
        testlogs/SEDAC_GPW4-11_PopulationDensity2020_edited.jpeg

References:
----------
1179.7 Mapping Urban Extent at Large Spatial Scales Using Machine Learning Methods with VIIRS Nighttime Light and MODIS Daytime NDVI Data
 - https://www.mdpi.com/2072-4292/11/10/1247/htm

---
## [opal/opal](https://github.com/opal/opal)@[a0678c3a41...](https://github.com/opal/opal/commit/a0678c3a41bc58b0615789a1c6d449931ece570f)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 08:58:49 by hmdne

Optimize $eqeq and $eqeqeq calls.

```
 Comparison of the Asciidoctor (a real-life Opal application) compile and run:
                  Compile time: 5.999 -> 5.987 (change: -0.19%)
                      Run time: 0.271 -> 0.268 (change: -1.11%)
                   Bundle size: 4784558 -> 4766408 (change: -0.38%)
          Minified bundle size: 1027822 -> 1015882 (change: -1.16%)
            Mangled & minified: 716587 -> 702347 (change: -1.99%)
```

Similarly to how we optimize $rb_lt and friends to create a shortpath
for those, let's optimize $eqeq,$eqeqeq as well. This certainly brings
an incompatibility if we monkey patch those methods for Number/String,
but with the previous commit we made it reliable to return `nil` from
== and === which is in my opinion much more important.

---
## [lukabavdaz/Advent-of-Code-2021](https://github.com/lukabavdaz/Advent-of-Code-2021)@[fce690602d...](https://github.com/lukabavdaz/Advent-of-Code-2021/commit/fce690602de075f7429710e36c6b94ce1980a86b)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 11:15:28 by lukabavdaz

day 8

Notes:
My initial solution deduced all the mappings exactly. However, this is unnecessary, as we only need to know just enough to distinguish between the few numbers that have equal length. I cleaned it up, resulting in significantly less code.
Dealing with Strings and type conversions in Rust can be a pain, and sometimes results in difficult to read code due to function calls (like .chars(), .iter(), and even .unwrap() can be annoying in prototype programs) that don't add much to understanding. I would love to see functions implemented on strings and slices to make code easier to read. I suggest my_string.count() == my_string.chars().count() and my_slice.map() == my_slice.iter().map(). Although for the second suggestion I'm not sure how to deal with the iter_mut() variant.
Considering everything is ascii (which allows us to use s.len()), potentially Vec<u8> would be a better type to use than String (avoids the calls to .chars() mainly)

---
## [parinithshekar/mcu-datavis](https://github.com/parinithshekar/mcu-datavis)@[391f701566...](https://github.com/parinithshekar/mcu-datavis/commit/391f70156631645de943d28b4886f06e84f50666)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 11:16:34 by MJM

adding random html converted into js, fuck you Parinith

---
## [wthollingsworth/.dotfiles](https://github.com/wthollingsworth/.dotfiles)@[2877ddb575...](https://github.com/wthollingsworth/.dotfiles/commit/2877ddb575ea101234888f2bfbba759941cd4dd2)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 12:53:40 by William T. Hollingsworth

I haven't done this in a while.

My dotfiles are like the distracted boyfriend meme where the girlfriend
is doing something productive with my dotfiles and the other girl is
playing with my dots.

---
## [joepio/stitches-site](https://github.com/joepio/stitches-site)@[0f42b1604e...](https://github.com/joepio/stitches-site/commit/0f42b1604e001c09778535fc77e06349206b922a)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 14:53:08 by Joep Meindertsma

Improve documentation server side rendering

Hi there, I just started using Stitches in a [new NextJS project](https://github.com/ontola/home), and I love it! Really nice stuff. The docs were clean and concise, the API is a blast to use and I really like that it supports SSR.

However, when I tried to render my stuff on the server, I saw this annoying flash, presumably because the styles were only being created when the JS was parsed. I read the docs again, but didn't notice my issue. I used `dangerouslySetInnerHTML={{ __html: getCssText() }}`, but no luck. When I read the output of `getCssText()`, I saw only my theme variables - not my components. I knew I was close to a solution. Finally, I tried changing my `import from '@stitches/react'` to `import from '../stitches.config'`, and everything was fine. I felt stupid as I noticed that the docs do indeed mention that I should import this.

However, I think this message can be conveyed more clearly. 

The first problem is [here](https://stitches.dev/docs/installation#use-it), in the very first 'use it' block. It shows importing `styled` from `@stitches` instead of `stitches.config`. I suggest changing the order, and never importing from `stitches`.

The second problem, perhaps more importantly, is that the [Server side rendering docs](https://stitches.dev/docs/server-side-rendering) don't mention this important thing.

---
## [markwanders/AdventOfCode2021](https://github.com/markwanders/AdventOfCode2021)@[023a69dd86...](https://github.com/markwanders/AdventOfCode2021/commit/023a69dd862eae0e96778e6c189bd17415bbdcbb)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 15:05:16 by Mark Wanders

Solved day 8 part 2 absolutely horrible atrocious oh my god i hate it

---
## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[44998c697b...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/44998c697b77e925c47e5d840d623561f5b32075)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 15:35:37 by Clifford T. Matthews

Includes today's 41.8# speed run.  My stats are horrible for today,
but ...  it was hotter than normal (although I did wear my ice hat)
and it was my first speed run with my Tioga.  It was also my first run
with my Tioga with rice in it and by the end it definitely was *not*
balanced. However, Sophie has been feeling sick for the last few days
and I was definitely feeling sick yesterday afternoon.  I went to bed
at 5pm yesterday and told myself that I didn't even have to run at all
today if I didn't want to.  This morning I had a quad espresso at 5:15
and another quad at 6:10 along with 400mg of ibuprofen at 6:10 and I
feel OK, but my guess is I'm still fighting something off.

---
## [JustArchiNET/ArchiSteamFarm](https://github.com/JustArchiNET/ArchiSteamFarm)@[0eab358af9...](https://github.com/JustArchiNET/ArchiSteamFarm/commit/0eab358af9b206ad779bf1ba6648be165c08ad51)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 15:52:46 by Archi

Plugins breaking: Convert all synchronous interface methods to Task

Okay, I wish we had uncovered it earlier as part of V5.2 but it has bitten us in the back just now, so I'm addressing it as part of monthly cycle instead.

Previously used void methods did not allow async operations in plugins in a "nice way". If plugin didn't require synchronization with the ASF and just minded its own business, it wasn't half bad as it could use async void signature. However, if plugin by any chance had to do something BEFORE ASF continued with the rest of the logic, it had to explicitly leave non-async void signature and call its async-capable stuff in synchronous manner (usually with Wait() or .Result), which is vastly suboptimal.

This was visible even in our STD plugin, which previously had (and still has) GlobalCache initialization in OnASFInit(). If that cache initialization took a bit longer time, STD would hit InvalidOperationException() in OnLicenseList() callback as global cache didn't load yet while we were already long past OnASFInit().

Therefore, I've decided to make a breaking change for a very good reason - all previous methods were converted to tasks, which allows from plugin to do one of three things:

- If plugin is async and requires synchronization (like STD), it can declare itself as async await, and do its awaits as-needed, and ASF will wait for those.
- If plugin is truly synchronous (and not just a synchronous signature with awful Wait() or .Result, see above), it can simply return Task.CompletedTask and has exactly the same logic.
- Finally, if plugin calls some async stuff but doesn't need ASF synchronization, it can "offload" itself from it by calling e.g. ASF's Utilities.InBackground() with whole logic, while returning Task.CompletedTask from the main method. This will allow it to effectively do what async void previously did, by just hooking into the process without intention of slowing it down.

All in all I'm confident this approach, while a bit counter-intuitive at first, will result in better compatibility between ASF and the plugins, as if I wanted to fix my STD issue right now without that breaking change, I'd have to actually call .Result on my async global cache loader function, which is utterly stupid if we can fix ASF to do the right thing instead.

This "approach" can be commonly found in some other libs with similar to ASF's event-hook behaviour, e.g. Discord.Net.

You'll sadly need to do some method signature changes in all of your plugins, as the core OnLoaded() was also changed. See the ones I did in SteamTokenDumperPlugin.cs if you need a practical example, and see ExamplePlugin.cs if you need further explanation.

---
## [Perchik/KeyV2](https://github.com/Perchik/KeyV2)@[555a7874bf...](https://github.com/Perchik/KeyV2/commit/555a7874bf979c267f196cf3c1d6c0a1dbbb1a17)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 16:55:38 by Bob

add ko-fi link

This has been and will remain a passion project of mine. I've always struggled with donation links for, I hope, the same complicated reasons most people would: is bringing money into a hobby worth it, that hobby's "worthiness" to carry a donation link, whether the link gives off a sense of entitlement, etc etc. All that aside, I've really come to appreciate the support from the community - I love encountering uses of KeyV2 in the wild, any PR requests submitted, and some people have said such nice things. Donations for open source projects has a storied history, in my opinion all the more normalized by the recent trend of Twitch subscriptions / patreon / etc. Far be it from me to let my awkwardness stop someone from supporting this project in that way - besides, we're at a point where that money could easily be put back into the project via purchases of keys or switches to implement, or bounties.

So yeah, those are my thoughts on this. Donations are very welcome and super appreciated, and completely voluntary and optional.

---
## [EzioisAwesome56/floatzel-mongo](https://github.com/EzioisAwesome56/floatzel-mongo)@[8f82b995f8...](https://github.com/EzioisAwesome56/floatzel-mongo/commit/8f82b995f8714de4886916f6be2e22bc22130162)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 17:10:06 by Ezio

1.3

final update (i hope, god damn)
finally fucking adds the last lowleveldb functions

---
## [MemedHams/Shiptest](https://github.com/MemedHams/Shiptest)@[95baab6e77...](https://github.com/MemedHams/Shiptest/commit/95baab6e77e126d74adce9eab458aa564b3ee433)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 17:17:25 by MemedHams

no

-adds the unfinished slime guardian, fuck you travis

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[81a9ee586a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/81a9ee586a1e0cf5d78a94fed12d6b996890c08d)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 18:50:11 by Marko Grdinić

"11:30am. I went to bed earlier, but I had trouble falling asleep. Nevermind that.

Let me chill a bit, then I will check out that Drawing Database video about drawing a hand using ellipses.

12:45pm. Deepmind came out with a new paper. I've skimed it. What a waste of time.

1:40pm. It got a lot of upvotes, but I doubt there are 80 people in the world reimplementing it and making a profit out of it. I doubt there is even a single one.

1:45pm. Forget the top of the world. I can't do it in this conditions. Instead what I need to cultivate a more moderate path that can last me through until the stars align.

Let me finally start for the day. What was that Drawing Database video?

https://youtu.be/NMELt0J2Cno?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S
THE BASICS: The Ellipse-its everywhere

This is what I wanted to watch.

1:55pm. Focus me. I remember why I stopped this before. He is just explaining basic perspective.

https://youtu.be/NMELt0J2Cno?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S&t=4474

This is what caught my interest in the thumbnail.

2:15pm. https://youtu.be/NMELt0J2Cno?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S&t=5325

The curve of this finger near the base confuses me. What is he doing?

Ah, now that I look at it, there is such a cuve due to the skin, but it is not too pronounced in his image. Or is he referencing a hand that really has such skin shape?

https://www.reddit.com/r/singularity/comments/rbi70g/how_far_off_are_we_from_reverse_engineering_the/

I'll leave this sub for later. I haven't been into this for a while. Interesting that Ray is working on a new book 'Singularity is Nearer'.

https://youtu.be/97-LDiSaam4?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S
THE BASICS: Contour Line-The Great Descriptor Part 1

Let me watch tihs for a while and then I will start work on Luna.

2:30pm. I am thinking. I am not really ready - I haven't studied the arms properly. I need to watch some arm sculpting vids. Maybe even try to correct that in the base mesh. Right now the biceps feel too manish, while the girls I like always are slender.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aynG6k5hoxg
Blender tutorial, sculpting arms and merging with torso

This is exactly what I need from DPA.

https://youtu.be/97-LDiSaam4?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S

It is interesting how he is going back and forth and yet his lines are smooth.

https://youtu.be/97-LDiSaam4?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S&t=919

Interesting way of erasing. I never used kneaded erasers in real life.

3pm. Let me take a short break.

3:15pm. I am back. Let me get back to the video. Right now rather than particularly focusing on it, I am thinking specifically what I should do.

For the scene where Luna is looking at herself in the body sized mirror I need to set up the scene in Blender. In order to do that I need a ref image of an apartment. I also need need free Blender assets for common household furniture. I do not need anything fancy. I can add details while I draw if needed, but I need to set up the scene so I have perspective first. Only after I have it can I start refining. I should also find a base mesh that is rigged. Sure I have my own, but I'd need to retopo that one and rig it myself which I am not interested in doing.

All this preparatory work seems trite, but it is what is the hard work of drawing. That guy in the /beg/ thread forcing himself to draw from imagination is a moron. I'll do it in a much smarter manner.

True, I might have spent all this time sculpting, but it is really the placing things in place that will give me biggest benefits. Now let me get back to the video. Then I'll study the arms. Then I'll look for free assets as well as a place to put my artwork.

3:30pm. Ok, forget the contour lecture. Half an hour is enough. Let me study the arm. After that I will whole heartedly commit to seeking out Blender assets.

https://youtu.be/aynG6k5hoxg
Blender tutorial, sculpting arms and merging with torso

https://youtu.be/aynG6k5hoxg?t=218

He is using the clay strips. I did not note it yesterday, but I did some experimentation with the clay vs clay strips, and I do not think that clay strips is just clay with a roundeness setting. I was drawing over an uneven plane and the clay brush tends to explode upward while clay strips is more stable.

So yeah, if it is adding volume, that brush is very well suited for that. It deserves to be popular. I used clay with smoothing off and accumulate on for the face, but maybe I should have used clay strips just as I saw the others doing.

3:40pm. https://youtu.be/aynG6k5hoxg?t=346

Ah so the muscle at the back is a triceps. I see.

https://youtu.be/aynG6k5hoxg?t=359

I am honestly surprised to see the bone there. Should there be muscle between the elbow and the shoulder all the way through. Just what am I looking at there?

https://youtu.be/aynG6k5hoxg?t=1198

Sigh, he is using stroke stabilization. No doubt Blender's can go above 1.

The way DP does his stuff is quite expert. Way better than me trying to match Flycat's model. i feel like I got quite a bit of stuff wrong.

Anyway, I am actually yet to try drawing 2d in Blender. I'll have to look into it after I find the assets.

https://www.blenderkit.com/

This seems on point. Hmmm, is the Blender 3.0 actually out now?

https://www.blender.org/download/

Oh, it is out. What is new?

https://www.blender.org/download/releases/3-0/

Ah, it was released 5 days ago. I'll upgrade to it. Let me watch the reel.

https://youtu.be/JZIFWEY3l6k?t=99

This seems really what I am looking for.

https://youtu.be/JZIFWEY3l6k?t=299

The knife tool has angles. That is interesting.

Ah, I should have set it to download while I watch. Let me do it now. I'll also get BlenderKit while I am at it.

https://www.blenderkit.com/asset-gallery?query=order:-created%20category_subtree:full-body

Did nobody bother to do a base mesh here? What the hell?

https://www.blenderkit.com/asset-gallery?query=order:-created%20category_subtree:man

There is something here. What about women?

4:30pm. Other artists are really as greedy as I am. There is basically nothing here when it comes to models. It is all behind a paywall.

https://free3d.com/3d-model/base-character-ready-to-animate-453899.html

Look at this free shit here. I could do a better job myself.

https://free3d.com/3d-model/3d-twilight-model-animated-627891.html

This killing me inside. At this point I really will end up just making my own 3d char models. I guess it is a good thing I spent so much time sculpting, so I can in fact do that.

At least I should be able to find something to cover furniture in BlenderKit.

The full BlenderKit plan is 6$ a month. Too expensive. I am not willing to spend anything at the current juncture.

https://www.cgtrader.com/3d-models/character/woman/devildom-girl

What the hell is that right arm? And this goes for 15$. Preposterous.

https://www.cgtrader.com/3d-models/character/woman/devildom-girl

Crappy dyntopo'd model.

https://www.cgtrader.com/3d-models/character/woman/daemon-girl-8adc427a-0147-4bef-9e35-a65e18787684

This one is actually quite decent, but like hell would I pay 45$ for it.

3.3gb. What are these people doing?

Hmmm, the hair is really nicely done.

4:40pm. Still, I am looking at this and thinking that I could immitate it.

Nevermind this for now. I admit I really did not think I'd have a use for the base mesh, but if I touched it up a bit, I could put it up for sale for 5-10$ on cg trader. It is definitely better than the free stuff. This is a fairly unusual case of me needing to raise the estimate of my own art work.

Right now I've just ran Blender 3.0. It actually has a setting for the spacebar up front. I am going to set it to tools. I keep pressing it and running animation which is super annoying.

Ok, let me install the BlenderKit plugin. I need to start modeling. I am going to have to hunt down a ref of an apartment.

4:50pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSay3yaBWV0
BlenderKit: Activation and Basic Usage in Blender 2.9

Let me watch this. Focus me. This is the first step now that I actually have a measure of skill.

Unlike 2d, 3d has great reusability. I can do a lot with it if I develop my skills and assets properly. Given how expensive the 3d stuff is, I might be actually able to make something by opening the Heaven's Key dev diary and giving a 1 month heads up to subscribers. Not just yet - my skills aren't good enough, and I do not have enough content. But maybe after a few months.

4:55pm. I think 3d has a more gradual learning curve to it than pure 2d.

I absolutely need to succeed at it this time. I couldn't hack it trading, and now ML, so regardless of the next thing goes, one thing I am going to get right is aesthetic appeal. I can't get people to come in and give me money, but I want anybody who looks at it to think it looks nice. That will have its own value.

5pm. Focus me, let me watch the damn BlenderKit tutorial.

5:05pm. I put in a Siege Tank and now it is downloading a 153mb file. Sigh. I wish it said how big the assets were. Well, I'll give it a pass this time.

5:10pm. The tank is nice. I thought I would do an average apartment, but change of plans. I think I'll do an astral void resort instead. I want something to serve as char creation limbo. It wouldn't be normal to have a run down apartment like I am imagining with a full body mirror in it somewhere.

https://youtu.be/7ax_x_L5AmI
How to use Blender Kit Online Asset Library Addon in Blender 2.8 Series - Addon Tutorial Series

Let me watch this as well. Then I will hunt some good refs for such a resort.

I'll want to either find or make a large blue HDRI to represent the vastness of that space.

I'll also want to check out Blender 2d stuff. It is not a given that I will be working in CSP, but I'll definitely do stuff in Blender.

https://youtu.be/7ax_x_L5AmI?t=524

Animated water. This is nice.

https://youtu.be/7ax_x_L5AmI?t=806

The stuff he is talking about at the end might be of interest to me. It really would be a pain to build architecture on my own.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c57qq2nE3B0
Blender 2D/3D for beginners, drawing and animating with greasepencil (blender 2.8) - Part 1/2

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQZOt_GcbDs
10 Creative Ways to Make Money with Blender

The first one is almost an hour long. Let me watch the later one. It is clickbait, but I am interested in what it has to say.

5:50pm. Had to take a break. Let me actually do what I said I would.

Getting good art done is a matter of mindset and effort. I do not have to have the expectation of needing to draw from imagination on a large canvas. It can be as hard or as easy as I want it to. And I should definitely use the computer to get me to where I want as fast as possible.

5:55pm. Actually, the first idea of doing thumbnail art is pretty good. I am impressed.

https://youtu.be/wQZOt_GcbDs?t=384

This background is really nice. But I want something more sharply defined like large beams of blue lightning against black.

https://youtu.be/wQZOt_GcbDs?t=812

So far his ideas haven't been bad. I'll actually look into the rest of his vids. I'll leave that for later. Now let me watch the 2d Blender vid.

6:10pm. Right now, I have this current view. If it is copying a 2d reference - any reference, I should be able to do it even without tracing. Tracing would be easier, but it not a hard requirement for me anymore. Once I get the setup right, getting it to look good will just be a matter of continuous refinement just like for sculpting.

The problem right now is creating that setup. Google Images is not just going to give me everything I need up front. Doing the setup itself is the laborious part. Forget the /beg/ stuff. Things like human anatomy and such is not something you need to study for more than a few weeks. I mostly went through it by now.

Right now, I do not think I could something as simple as rotating a 2d model mentally and having it look right. I am really going to need the help of 3d for that. But this kind of cheating is just playing it smart. At the end of this road, not only will be able to make expert 2d art as a consequence, but I will master 3d as well.

It is not the usual path, but it is the kind of path even somebody with no notable talent in art should be able to cultivate to get to the top.

6:20pm. https://youtu.be/c57qq2nE3B0?t=17

Huh, this looks pretty interesting. This feels like something I should follow. Let me just watch it for now, I do not feel like starting a new project right away yet.

Pause that, it is lunch time.

6:45pm. Done with lunch. I have a chore to deal with. Let me get the newest Win 10 ISO. I only need to make a bootable USB instead of installing it directly.

6:50pm. While the thing is downloading, let me watch the grease pencil tutorial.

7:05pm. Actually the 2d tutorial is way more technically involved than I expected. I need to follow it along which I do not feel at all.

https://www.blenderkit.com/become-creator/

This is interesting. Maybe this will be one way of paying for my subscription in the future.

I've tried out the free Kaguya figure and it is rigged and colored. It is nice, though the topology is pretty crappy. Right now I do not know how to control the rigging yet.

One thing at a time.

The 3d pill will take a while to digest it seems. I've made the first step, now I just need to follow through.

I wasn't sure what I would do today, but the bottleneck to me making good art is not at all in the 2d area. I need a bit more 3d. And to think that to start with, I am going to have to study architecture just for a bit because an image of just Luna looking at herself in an empty room would be too bland.

I'll do a couple of images of her in character limbo. If I can conquer that, then I will be able to do the much easier job of doing character models for Heaven's Key.

One thing that won't be easy is the cover for Heaven's Key. This was a huge deal for me back in 2014. I wanted to publish, but I did not have money to pay an artist. I could only eat crow. But this time I'll surmount this challenge at the outset.

A city in the sky. White marbles (brain cores) on a table.

Ah, I see. I could have an image of a city in the sky on a monitor...but that would be too low tech. So it out.

I suppsoe they'd have to be two separate covers.

And one problem with having the white marbles be brain cores is that they'd be too indistinct. Maybe if they had the logo of Rajnet on them, that would be better.

Why not make the logo a ghost as a reference to my 'ghostlike' handle? That would be very recognizable.

7:25pm. Maybe it would be worth it for me to do more work on that base mesh. Work a bit more on the arms and the fingers and then rig it. Though instead of that I could do the architecture and then use the CSP model. I should do the later first.

But reflections would be trouble in that case.

I am going to have to experiment with lighting and reflection in Blender. And damn I really forgot quite a bit from the 3d fast track courses.

7:35pm. I am thinking about all the stuff I need to do. Sigh, the effort will be considerable, but I need to do it. I can in fact use 3d skills as a substitute for 2d ones. I just need more of them. Programming itself wasn't easy, and matering 3d will not be easy either. But if I do this I should be able to work on my own projects at my leisure. The next few months will be that hardest part of the whole thing. It won't be like programming where I am just endlessly peeling an onion. Art is complicated, but it is still mid on the totem pole of complexity. It is programming that is on the top.

I need to persevere. I am going to master this in the next few months, and move on to music.

With those two skills in tow, I will truly be free. Interesting or not, I can't orient my life around other people's projects. It is better to be paid a thousand doing what you want than a million doing what others want. I wouldn't even be doing this much if the circumstances did not press me.

This world really has a way of getting what it wants. It will force me to put in the effort if I want that 2k with which to buy the AI chip.

It is the iron law.

A prostitute sells her body. A programmer his intelect. An artist his heart.

And a normie his soul.

I do not want to go as far as a normie. Let me close here. It is time for fun. I'll check out the singularity sub. I used to read the futurology one daily back when it was small and haven't looked at it in over half a decade."

---
## [thepauljones/advent-of-code-2021](https://github.com/thepauljones/advent-of-code-2021)@[ca0d19adf5...](https://github.com/thepauljones/advent-of-code-2021/commit/ca0d19adf5095a0d3dda0bddf45e97e037f8d282)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 22:27:00 by Paul Jones

HAHAHa, hahaha, Hahahaha, FUCK OFF, Seriously just
leave me be. Just let me crawl back under a rock
and take up my normal life again. I have too much to do.

This evening I could have been relaxing, but I'm still at my desk
getting more and more crumpled and bent, becoming less and less human
and why, what did I learn? Where have I arrived at.

Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow,
Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,
To the last syllable of recorded time;
And all our yesterdays have lighted fools
The way to dusty death. Out, out, brief candle!
Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player,
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is heard no more. It is a tale
Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury,
Signifying nothing.

---
## [CS196Illinois/Group52-FA21](https://github.com/CS196Illinois/Group52-FA21)@[8faf4ab952...](https://github.com/CS196Illinois/Group52-FA21/commit/8faf4ab95277c7f0430c1c50b8327441b4364140)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 22:55:13 by Codaero

WE FIXED THE ISSUE I WANT TO FUCKING KILL MYSELF HOLY SHIT

---
## [C7-Game/Prototype](https://github.com/C7-Game/Prototype)@[b7346a8640...](https://github.com/C7-Game/Prototype/commit/b7346a8640a1e1304ac625c7e489f895bde3df5b)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 23:01:50 by Quintillus

Display pine forests.  Update import code to set pine forests in the JSON.

I'm kind of wondering if the C7-static-map-save.json path is the way to go.  It's generating huge line diffs, which suggests it's sort of weird for a change set.  It's also kind of a pain to remember to re-run the generator.

It probably is useful because we can bundle it.  Still, I'm thinking it may be less of a pain to bundle traditional Civ resources than to be limited to whatever Godot supports.  We may well want to do that eventually anyway.

---
## [Al3xFreeman/Advent-of-Code](https://github.com/Al3xFreeman/Advent-of-Code)@[35c2636342...](https://github.com/Al3xFreeman/Advent-of-Code/commit/35c26363421f21426af523ba380b08d2d5499df6)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-08 23:48:41 by Alejandro Díaz Román

2021 Day8P2 wtf I hate my life this is the worst thing I have ever made, pls dont look at this

---

# [<](2021-12-07.md) 2021-12-08 [>](2021-12-09.md)

