# [<](2021-04-30.md) 2021-05-01 [>](2021-05-02.md)

2,149,569 events, 1,230,022 push events, 1,763,904 commit messages, 118,118,626 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[e422155475...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/e42215547564fa8c568bc43ba786bc7d345216f3)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 00:09:42 by Kokonut

New carpets & wood, version 2 (#58797)

maxymax13, /vg/station, Citadel Station

I really wanted #58190 (A port of cit tiles, fucking ahewhads) but then nobody gave it mergies so i've redone it except not stale, not merge conflict'd and not using stack crafting instead of tile floofing!
I fully replaced the fugly diagonal one with my own nicer parquet one, adjusted red carpet to be less noisy, and made a damaged state.

Much more customization for wood flooring enjoyers, and it's obtainable ingame, in an out-of-the-way method! Think of the bar remodels you could do with this and some cans of paint! Now all we need is to make the vinyl siding and wood panel siding decals place-able...

3 new variations for wooden tiles are available (large, parquet, and tiled), the same way you color titanium tiles! Remember, use a screwdriver and not a crowbar!
A new red planetary pattern design is available for arcade carpet!

---
## [SaintHusky/Hyper-Station-13](https://github.com/SaintHusky/Hyper-Station-13)@[da916efe82...](https://github.com/SaintHusky/Hyper-Station-13/commit/da916efe82af3203a1771a2181edcf51500a142e)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 00:25:52 by Versallion

Haha what if I just made xenoarch just kinda fuckin big

thatd be really funny but I cant tell what happened in the past 6 hours

---
## [nbusseneau/qBittorrent-RuTracker-plugin](https://github.com/nbusseneau/qBittorrent-RuTracker-plugin)@[566113a53f...](https://github.com/nbusseneau/qBittorrent-RuTracker-plugin/commit/566113a53faddd2dcd904194df97b5135e93fb96)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 01:26:52 by Nicolas Busseneau

Plugin rewrite

Some context first:

When I implemented the first version of the plugin years ago, I decided
to use Python's default HTML parser in order not to force users to pull
down any external parser.

It was definitely a good learning experience but the default parser just
plainly since there is no concept of a tree, which you either have to
build yourself or do without. The latter is what I did since the code
was simple enough at first.

It grew more complicated over the years as I fixed bugs and made it
evolve following RuTracker itself evolving, and became a huge pain to
maintain.

This plugin was also one of my first forays into integrating with an
external program via API, as a young programmer. Again, good learning
experience, but I also missed obvious stuff.

One such instance was the fix in 24fe4911a5a6000f4564babd22248750be04d6cf:
when initially implementing, I was under the impression results should
be consolidated and printed all at once at the end, akin to a function
return value. This made the plugin quite slow because all pages of
results had to be parsed before being printed at once.

Now that I'm looking over the API again, it feels obvious the it was
designed in a way that makes it possible for asynchronous retrievals to
return results as they are coming in. Obviously, this is perfect for
parallelization, so I happily decided to hack in a `ThreadPoolExecutor`
map so that searches with multiple pages would concurrently retrieve
pages once the first one got through.

Doing that yielded some issues with the monolithic parser, which is when
I quickly decided I didn't want to deal with that anymore. Hence the
rewrite.

This is the first pass, I'll do some more passes to refactor other old
ugly pieces, such as the try/except blocks for open() methods. Already
works great as-is though :)

- Add concurrent fetches for searches with multiple pages.
- Replace complicated HTML parser with simple regular expression.
- Use timeit for timing tests.

---
## [KungPaoChick/movies-dl](https://github.com/KungPaoChick/movies-dl)@[f548659334...](https://github.com/KungPaoChick/movies-dl/commit/f5486593343d6926168f703ff57a5dfeadd2ac22)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 02:39:50 by KungPaoChick

fixed few bugs on completed download, and introduced not-so many new bugs. I hate my life

---
## [Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO)@[0633ce74a4...](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO/commit/0633ce74a44c6f2253a7e040cdfd2a1c80eae142)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 03:04:18 by ChrisANG

Add Madman role
-Start with telepathy
-Start with mind blast (fixes inconsistency where player mind blasts were still restricted in range)
--Note that this means you can blast those pesky mind flayers if they bother you!
--Madmen gain dice as they level up.
-Can summon their pet, which grows with insight (currently uses domakedog, this is probably dumb).
-Start with low alignment (can enter quest at 4)
-Start with 1 anger in all gods (ouch)
-Start with Delusions and 75 sanity
-Start with 30 points of drunkenness
-Have a "maniac" unarmed attack flag that gives increased die size.
-Slightly faster than average HP regen (sub martial role)
-Fast power regen rate (almost at wizard level)
-Start stuck in straitjackets
--Counts as welded hands, and disables many attack forms.


Kick changes: when stuck in a straitjacket, the PC kicks automatically if all their normal attacks are blocked. This required the introduction of dokick_core(), which is able to take dx and dy.


Monsters:
Contaminated patients transform into other monsters when injured.
Dream leach:
-have mind blasts
Fulvous monsters:
-Similar to Zombies in most respects
Coiling brawn: blobs with owlbear-like attacks.
Fungal brain: Fungus with mind blasts and psionic magic



Quest:
-The formal quest leader isn't encountered until deeper in the quest.
-The "calls for aid" message is overridden.
-The quest nemesis doesn't have the quest artifact.
-Touching the quest artifact gets the KiYellow's attention.
--Causes occasional wizard-like interventions
--The palid stranger folows between levels
-Furnature: writing desks: comfortable to sit on, contain scrolls and sometimes books.

Quest artifact: Star of Hypernotus ("Beyond the south wind, ie, Antarctica)
-Star saphire amulet versus curses
-Engraved with an elder sign ward (appliable and readable like a ring)
-Cary for clear thoughts (blocks sanity effects) and block confusion

MISC:
dungeon.h:
introduce qhome to deal with cases where the first level is not the home level.
Madmen's whole quest is the quest town

mondata.h
Shackles equipped to a monster's foot slot make them immoble
Not all blobs are vegan.

allmain.c
Monsters that are sleeping or paralized don't laugh.

quest.c
Don't bug out if the quest leader is on an unexpected level in the quest.

---
## [imnotjames/goonstation](https://github.com/imnotjames/goonstation)@[ad4614a565...](https://github.com/imnotjames/goonstation/commit/ad4614a56542993981bf4d63528d5f7cbc6ec166)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 05:18:01 by James Ward

feature: add a syringe gun that accepts love & hugs - the love gun

No more tomorrow, the time is today.  It can make you feel okay.
You pull the trigger of the Love Gun.

this adds the "love gun" as an alternative to the syringe gun.
the love gun accepts only two reagents (love & hugs) and cannot
be emagged to accept others.  it's for love, not war.
because of this limitation, it has a larger capacity than the
standard syringe gun

this also adds the "Love Gun Plus", for when the station is really
in need of more love than the Love Gun carries.  this was mostly added
to be used in Lily White's office, but I bet it'd be neat to stash
other harder to reach areas

---
## [mishra-atul5001/365-Days-of-Python-and-ML](https://github.com/mishra-atul5001/365-Days-of-Python-and-ML)@[63ad9096be...](https://github.com/mishra-atul5001/365-Days-of-Python-and-ML/commit/63ad9096bea44b6ea2b245ce8f19f0472810303a)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 09:48:21 by Atul Mishra

Day 13 of 365 days of Python on ML

 BILL DIVISION

Two friends Anna and Brian, are deciding how to split the bill at a dinner. Each will only pay for the items they consume. Brian gets the check and calculates Anna's portion. You must determine if his calculation is correct.

For example, assume the bill has the following prices: bill = [2,4,6]. Anna declines to eat item k = bill[2] which costs 6. If Brian calculates the bill correctly, Anna will pay (2+4)/2=3. If he includes the cost of bill[2], he will calculate (2+4+2)/2=6. In the second case, he should refund to 3 Anna.

---
## [andsild/blog](https://github.com/andsild/blog)@[57fd14fbd3...](https://github.com/andsild/blog/commit/57fd14fbd31fa24ca378696080535f6b178f384d)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 10:41:26 by Anders Sildnes

			-- Gifts for Men --  Men are amused by almost any idiot thing -- that is why professional ice hockey is so popular -- so buying gifts for them is easy.  But you should never buy them clothes.  Men believe they already have all the clothes they will ever need, and new ones make them nervous.  For example, your average man has 84 ties, but he wears, at most, only three of them.  He has learned, through humiliating trial and error, that if he wears any of the other 81 ties, his wife will probably laugh at him ("You're not going to wear THAT tie with that suit, are you?"). So he has narrowed it down to three safe ties, and has gone several years without being laughed at.  If you give him a new tie, he will pretend to like it, but deep inside he will hate you.  If you want to give a man something practical, consider tires.  More than once, I would have gladly traded all the gifts I got for a new set of tires. 		-- Dave Barry, "Christmas Shopping: A Survivor's Guide"

---
## [SinglePoolAlliance/Registration](https://github.com/SinglePoolAlliance/Registration)@[1eb2ca7438...](https://github.com/SinglePoolAlliance/Registration/commit/1eb2ca7438948549e25c7e8904c1c76bd7ce043f)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 11:04:30 by PILOT Pool

Update registry.json (#196)

Hi, my name is Steven. I'm the SPO for PILOT Pool. I love Cardano and all that it stands for. The community is the best community in all of blockchain in my opinion. This is an exciting time to be in Cardano and this space in general. I truly believe that Cardano will change the world! After much consideration, I am respectfully bowing out of the Single Pool Alliance to hopefully be able to have multiple pools one day (long way off, but with a lot of effort, maybe one day). I'm not sure the best way to do that, so I deleted my original fork, then re-forked the current registry.json file, and deleted my info. Hopefully that does the trick. Is there any more information you need from me? Thank you so much for all that you have done building this alliance, and all that you have done for the community! I support the SPA all the way and I love the cause. I will always be rooting for you! Thank you for all that you have done! The future is exciting! Always, Steven.

---
## [adriaortizN/DieAgain](https://github.com/adriaortizN/DieAgain)@[aeb631d887...](https://github.com/adriaortizN/DieAgain/commit/aeb631d8876b96a108c236e63f3a49798cb369af)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 11:36:05 by Adria

Upgrades + Bugfixing for the 1 Year Update

- Corrected a game breaking bug with GodMode
- God Mode is no longes accesible in the Game Over Screen
- Improbed the Images of the Endings. Now have more life and movement
- WorldMapLevel Improved with the early levels
- Each unlockable avatar has a text that gives a hint that says how to unlock them
- Added a screen for when the player unlocks a new avatar
- Change avatar now features both Red-Blooded
- Bullets don't spawn in godmode (for performance)

---
## [npc203/npc-cogs](https://github.com/npc203/npc-cogs)@[e67d60c9c4...](https://github.com/npc203/npc-cogs/commit/e67d60c9c43073635653c4d6acad950853fc1957)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 14:11:51 by Samuel

[Customhelp] git's conflict resolving sucks

- I hate myself
- thanks owo (siu432123123123123, yeah i forgot the number)

---
## [SibTiger/PowerShell-Compact-Archive-Tool](https://github.com/SibTiger/PowerShell-Compact-Archive-Tool)@[f8d564d18a...](https://github.com/SibTiger/PowerShell-Compact-Archive-Tool/commit/f8d564d18af02103b4148068a6f5f99a0c6ec871)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 14:33:05 by Nicholas Gautier

Forgot to add some semi-colons, now my life is complete!

A crazy get gets on the bus and tells the bus driver "What do you do when I went pay the fair?".  The bus driver looked at the guy and said calmly "Stop the bus and let him off.".  But then the crazy guy reached down his pocket and brought forward to the bus driver's attention - a semi-colon and said "Wrong answer, because I cut the brakes with this semi-colon!" while smiling.

So that's my story for why I love semi-colons, excluding the story that I just modified from the movie Spy Hard.

---
## [nbusseneau/qBittorrent-RuTracker-plugin](https://github.com/nbusseneau/qBittorrent-RuTracker-plugin)@[7397189671...](https://github.com/nbusseneau/qBittorrent-RuTracker-plugin/commit/7397189671ac26c4e9d14a887402a71e0f43f634)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 17:21:38 by Nicolas Busseneau

Plugin rewrite

Some context first:

When I implemented the first version of the plugin years ago, I decided
to use Python's default HTML parser in order not to force users to pull
down any external parser.

It was definitely a good learning experience but the default parser just
plainly sucks since there is no concept of a tree, which you either have
to build yourself or do without. The latter is what I did since the code
was simple enough at first.

It grew more complicated over the years as I fixed bugs and made it
evolve following RuTracker itself evolving, and became a huge pain to
maintain.

This plugin was also one of my first forays into integrating with an
external program via API, as a young programmer. Again, good learning
experience, but I also missed obvious stuff.

One such instance was the fix in 24fe4911a5a6000f4564babd22248750be04d6cf:
when initially implementing, I was under the impression results should
be consolidated and printed all at once at the end, akin to a function
return value. This made the plugin quite slow because all pages of
results had to be parsed before being printed at once.

Now that I'm looking over the API again, it feels obvious that it was
designed in a way that makes it possible for asynchronous retrievals to
return results as they are coming in. Obviously, this is perfect for
parallelization, so I happily decided to hack in a `ThreadPoolExecutor`
map so that searches with multiple pages would concurrently retrieve
pages once the first one got through.

Doing that yielded some issues with the monolithic parser, which is when
I quickly decided I didn't want to deal with that anymore. Hence the
rewrite.

This is the first pass, I'll do some more passes to refactor other old
ugly pieces, such as the try/except blocks for open() methods. Already
works great as-is though :)

- Add concurrent fetches for searches with multiple pages.
- Replace complicated HTML parser with simple regular expression.
- Use timeit for timing tests.

---
## [dvtate/dvtate.com](https://github.com/dvtate/dvtate.com)@[acd1b1994a...](https://github.com/dvtate/dvtate.com/commit/acd1b1994ab8a6f60abec86e5d8479b4292238a9)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 17:33:32 by qorg11

Modified index.html so C is not the same language as C++

Calling "C" or "C++" C/C++ will make both Dennis Ritchie and Bjarne
Stroustroup hire a hitman for you.

C and C++ are completely different programming languages, they have
some differences. For example, the former doesn't suck while the later
does.

C and C++ are so different that they have different standards (C21 and
C++21 are completely different things. If it was C/C++ you would have
C/C++21, fuck's sake)

JavaScript/FORTH

Does that makes any sense to you? If you're sane you'd say "no"

Well, saying C/C++ is the same thing as saying Perl/Microsoft Visual
Basic For Applications BECAUSE THEY ARE DIFFERENT LANGUAGES, COMPLETELY DIFFERENT LANGUAGES

Does the book with ISBN "9780131101630" teachs you C++? No it
doesn't. Maybe it could mean that C is not an alias to C++, like
"C/C++ implies"

Now, does the book with ISBN "0201889544" teachs you C? No it
doesn't. JUST MAYBE this means that C is not an alias to C++. Like
"C/C++" implies.

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[7769449f70...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/7769449f706b9017984113bca3549acecc3afaa1)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 18:56:29 by James Ward

Feature: Add the Love Gun (#4543)

* feature: add a syringe gun that accepts love & hugs - the love gun

No more tomorrow, the time is today.  It can make you feel okay.
You pull the trigger of the Love Gun.

this adds the "love gun" as an alternative to the syringe gun.
the love gun accepts only two reagents (love & hugs) and cannot
be emagged to accept others.  it's for love, not war.
because of this limitation, it has a larger capacity than the
standard syringe gun

this also adds the "Love Gun Plus", for when the station is really
in need of more love than the Love Gun carries.  this was mostly added
to be used in Lily White's office, but I bet it'd be neat to stash
other harder to reach areas

* chore: use the love gun plus in rodney's office

confirmed with rodney on discord that this is lovely as
long as it has a whole lotta love in it

* chore: add the love gun to the clownspider prefabs

this includes the love gun with the pink clown clothes in the
clownspider prefabs for both the debris field & the trench

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[8242f2f6fa...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/8242f2f6fa7a28f278a60d38fbe24fca61f3333b)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 19:30:04 by wiz

mame: update to 0.231.

MAME 0.231, our April release, is out now! The Yamaha FM synthesis
rewrite is progressing, with the OPL family (including YM2413,
YM3526, YM3812, YMF262 and Y8950) done this month. A number of
regressions reported against the previous release have also been
fixed. Most things should be improved, but if you notice something
wrong with a system using one of these chips, be sure to let us
know. Warp-1, a very rare Sun Electronics game from the late ’70s,
has been added this month. This is an early example of an “into
the screen” space shooter.

For as long as it has been emulated, the “3D” stages in Contra have
been too easy. This comes down to the functionality of the Konami
007452 chip, which Konami calls a VRC&DMP. Now we know that VRC
stands for Virtual ROM Controller, and controls ROM banking. However,
the DMP part has been more of a mystery, assumed to be some kind
of protection. This month, furrtek worked out that it’s apparently
some kind of Divide/Multiply Processor, for 16-bit maths operations
that would be unacceptably slow on the games’s pair of 6809-family
CPUs. The great news is the game now runs correctly, the bad news
is you’ll probably die a lot more.

David “Haze” Haywood is back this month with fixes for several
arcade games that have never been quite right. He’s fixed graphical
priority issues in SNK’s Beast Busters and Mechanized Attack,
improved timing in Seibu Kaihatsu’s Shot Rider, and corrected layer
offsets in Mitchell’s Funky Jet. He also added support for a couple
of protected Mega Drive bootleg games from Argentina. Recently,
David has been streaming MAME gaming sessions, often highlighting
under-appreciated games. You can watch the recorded streams on his
YouTube channel. Still on the topic of things that have never been
right, sasuke has been busy this month. He’s improved the Nichibutsu
1412M2 DAC playback rate and timer period calculation, most noticeable
on the Mighty Guy soundtrack, and made Taito’s unicycling game
Cycle Maabou playable.

---
## [Mahdi03/Math-Study-Guides](https://github.com/Mahdi03/Math-Study-Guides)@[4b2f5fee18...](https://github.com/Mahdi03/Math-Study-Guides/commit/4b2f5fee1839196d66cf1549126e321c4981d29b)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 22:37:14 by Mahdi Ayman

Uhm no Seth (read on to find out more!)

Ok so I don't have the time or effort to actually make this work, I
have already been stuck on this for a while now, lemme explain what
the issue is:

- First of all, it says that I have 9 commits here, that's actually
  untrue, I just merged the `beta` branch into this separate branch
  so that I could have the most updated changes, but the changes that
  I did make are reflected in this commit
- Your MathJax 2.7 is loading correctly but it is not TYPESETTING any
  of the math which is the most important part, and MathJax 3.x WAS
  typesetting all the math (to typeset means to render the math all
  fancy-schmancy like how you wanted it)
- After spending two hours on this, I have found no way to actually
  take what we have and reinvent the wheel so that anything renders,
  I can't find a way to typeset the math so I don't know what kind of
  voodoo magic you worked to get it to run on your end, but it ain't
  working here, whereas the 3.x does
- If you can find the mistake then by all means fix it, I'll keep the
  branch alive but I am closing the pull request, I do not know how you
  got 2.7 to work on your machine but it is not working on mine (even
  with the Python Server)
- I have decided that we should not fix what is not broken, and so what
  if our users can't copy and paste our formulas, 3.x works and I've
  already put enough effort into rewriting my math thing for that
- However I will be taking the configuration changes into account in
  the `beta` branch

Anyways sorry for "flaming" or whatever that was, I'm just tired, let's
add some images/diagrams to this bad boy and then publish to the public

---
## [jackaperkins/mallgrabber](https://github.com/jackaperkins/mallgrabber)@[8d85aeb360...](https://github.com/jackaperkins/mallgrabber/commit/8d85aeb3609898839e78f3586a4869e4b549ce31)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 23:04:58 by jack perkins

update package.json fuck off imagemagick bullshit 1993-looking-ass-motherfucker opensource garbage shit

---
## [stellardreams/auh.surge.sh](https://github.com/stellardreams/auh.surge.sh)@[1514b4cfaa...](https://github.com/stellardreams/auh.surge.sh/commit/1514b4cfaa37d15f81cf63b095539de7c8f8c484)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 23:18:28 by genidma

Adding Dr. Church to list of mentors we'd love to collaborate with. Without distracting him in any way from the super important things he is currently working on. Or will be working on.

---
## [jcoakley/putty](https://github.com/jcoakley/putty)@[1d162fa767...](https://github.com/jcoakley/putty/commit/1d162fa767151050db5ea5b84f72b9742c2f7c7d)
#### Saturday 2021-05-01 23:56:05 by Simon Tatham

Stop sending outgoing-only EOF on SSH sockets.

When PuTTY wants to cleanly close an SSH connection, my policy has
been to use shutdown(SHUT_WR) (or rather, sk_write_eof, which ends up
translating into that) to close just the outgoing side of the TCP
connection, and then wait for the server to acknowledge that by
closing its own end.

Mainly the purpose of doing this rather than just immediately closing
the whole socket was that I wanted to make sure any remaining outgoing
packets of ours got sent before the connection was wound up. In
particular, when we send SSH_MSG_DISCONNECT immediately before the
close, we do want that to get through.

But I now think this was a mistake, because it puts us at the mercy of
the server remembering to respond by closing the other direction of
the connection. It might absent-mindedly just continue to sit there
holding the connection open, which would be silly, but if it did
happen, we wouldn't want to sit around waiting in order to close the
client application - we'd rather abandon a socket in that state and
leave it to the OS's network layer to tell the server how silly it was
being.

So now I'm using an in-between strategy: I still wait for outgoing
data to be sent before closing the socket (so the DISCONNECT should
still go out), but once it's gone, I _do_ just close the whole thing
instead of just sending outgoing EOF.

---

# [<](2021-04-30.md) 2021-05-01 [>](2021-05-02.md)

