# [<](2021-08-04.md) 2021-08-05 [>](2021-08-06.md)

3,180,879 events, 1,587,584 push events, 2,455,286 commit messages, 188,025,551 characters


## [AustinJohnAaro/todoApp](https://github.com/AustinJohnAaro/todoApp)@[34c0979134...](https://github.com/AustinJohnAaro/todoApp/commit/34c09791348ef2fc4a4ad97eabe926d13290defd)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 00:17:27 by AustinJohnAaro

some one shoot me please begging you right now fuck you

---
## [cyberitsolutions/android-enterprise-lockdown](https://github.com/cyberitsolutions/android-enterprise-lockdown)@[53d0342da5...](https://github.com/cyberitsolutions/android-enterprise-lockdown/commit/53d0342da569c57f9e0ce7dfcccc84fd60f2b22b)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 01:35:32 by Trent W. Buck

Continue wild-ass guessing to try to make the browser use a proxy

...but continue making the OS (and other apps) go direct, because
if we don't do that, then we have to fiddle-fuck around making that
proxy exist on the enrollment network, or we can't do policy updates.

---
## [ifbhack/timetable](https://github.com/ifbhack/timetable)@[8320c90b9f...](https://github.com/ifbhack/timetable/commit/8320c90b9f6355bd0ef6a759820c95214c5235b8)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 03:33:21 by snake_spelt_backward_Ben-S

please work for the love of god

hahaha if this doesnt work i will die ffgfgfgf

---
## [ash237/RidZak](https://github.com/ash237/RidZak)@[ce3cc2b3f5...](https://github.com/ash237/RidZak/commit/ce3cc2b3f51435b9fa834631917eb28ea3fd8795)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 06:54:56 by santi

fuck you update

a lot of cool stuff! you should totally check out the eerie week!!!

---
## [Amir159/Rest](https://github.com/Amir159/Rest)@[6f9f33c6f5...](https://github.com/Amir159/Rest/commit/6f9f33c6f5d0af6c7925b17d7daed9ec909ba255)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 08:19:33 by Amir159

Merge pull request #1 from Amfiter/validator

I wrote validator for you with harsh male love <3

---
## [tImIbreakdown/android_kernel_leeco_msm8976](https://github.com/tImIbreakdown/android_kernel_leeco_msm8976)@[8da0bfbdfa...](https://github.com/tImIbreakdown/android_kernel_leeco_msm8976/commit/8da0bfbdfa6cfba163a43071a67f665ff7dc3c33)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 10:54:03 by Minchan Kim

x86_64: expand kernel stack to 16K

While I play inhouse patches with much memory pressure on qemu-kvm,
3.14 kernel was randomly crashed. The reason was kernel stack overflow.

When I investigated the problem, the callstack was a little bit deeper
by involve with reclaim functions but not direct reclaim path.

I tried to diet stack size of some functions related with alloc/reclaim
so did a hundred of byte but overflow was't disappeard so that I encounter
overflow by another deeper callstack on reclaim/allocator path.

Of course, we might sweep every sites we have found for reducing
stack usage but I'm not sure how long it saves the world(surely,
lots of developer start to add nice features which will use stack
agains) and if we consider another more complex feature in I/O layer
and/or reclaim path, it might be better to increase stack size(
meanwhile, stack usage on 64bit machine was doubled compared to 32bit
while it have sticked to 8K. Hmm, it's not a fair to me and arm64
already expaned to 16K. )

So, my stupid idea is just let's expand stack size and keep an eye
toward stack consumption on each kernel functions via stacktrace of ftrace.
For example, we can have a bar like that each funcion shouldn't exceed 200K
and emit the warning when some function consumes more in runtime.
Of course, it could make false positive but at least, it could make a
chance to think over it.

I guess this topic was discussed several time so there might be
strong reason not to increase kernel stack size on x86_64, for me not
knowing so Ccing x86_64 maintainers, other MM guys and virtio
maintainers.

Here's an example call trace using up the kernel stack:

         Depth    Size   Location    (51 entries)
         -----    ----   --------
   0)     7696      16   lookup_address
   1)     7680      16   _lookup_address_cpa.isra.3
   2)     7664      24   __change_page_attr_set_clr
   3)     7640     392   kernel_map_pages
   4)     7248     256   get_page_from_freelist
   5)     6992     352   __alloc_pages_nodemask
   6)     6640       8   alloc_pages_current
   7)     6632     168   new_slab
   8)     6464       8   __slab_alloc
   9)     6456      80   __kmalloc
  10)     6376     376   vring_add_indirect
  11)     6000     144   virtqueue_add_sgs
  12)     5856     288   __virtblk_add_req
  13)     5568      96   virtio_queue_rq
  14)     5472     128   __blk_mq_run_hw_queue
  15)     5344      16   blk_mq_run_hw_queue
  16)     5328      96   blk_mq_insert_requests
  17)     5232     112   blk_mq_flush_plug_list
  18)     5120     112   blk_flush_plug_list
  19)     5008      64   io_schedule_timeout
  20)     4944     128   mempool_alloc
  21)     4816      96   bio_alloc_bioset
  22)     4720      48   get_swap_bio
  23)     4672     160   __swap_writepage
  24)     4512      32   swap_writepage
  25)     4480     320   shrink_page_list
  26)     4160     208   shrink_inactive_list
  27)     3952     304   shrink_lruvec
  28)     3648      80   shrink_zone
  29)     3568     128   do_try_to_free_pages
  30)     3440     208   try_to_free_pages
  31)     3232     352   __alloc_pages_nodemask
  32)     2880       8   alloc_pages_current
  33)     2872     200   __page_cache_alloc
  34)     2672      80   find_or_create_page
  35)     2592      80   ext4_mb_load_buddy
  36)     2512     176   ext4_mb_regular_allocator
  37)     2336     128   ext4_mb_new_blocks
  38)     2208     256   ext4_ext_map_blocks
  39)     1952     160   ext4_map_blocks
  40)     1792     384   ext4_writepages
  41)     1408      16   do_writepages
  42)     1392      96   __writeback_single_inode
  43)     1296     176   writeback_sb_inodes
  44)     1120      80   __writeback_inodes_wb
  45)     1040     160   wb_writeback
  46)      880     208   bdi_writeback_workfn
  47)      672     144   process_one_work
  48)      528     112   worker_thread
  49)      416     240   kthread
  50)      176     176   ret_from_fork

[ Note: the problem is exacerbated by certain gcc versions that seem to
  generate much bigger stack frames due to apparently bad coalescing of
  temporaries and generating too many spills.  Rusty saw gcc-4.6.4 using
  35% more stack on the virtio path than 4.8.2 does, for example.

  Minchan not only uses such a bad gcc version (4.6.3 in his case), but
  some of the stack use is due to debugging (CONFIG_DEBUG_PAGEALLOC is
  what causes that kernel_map_pages() frame, for example). But we're
  clearly getting too close.

  The VM code also seems to have excessive stack frames partly for the
  same compiler reason, triggered by excessive inlining and lots of
  function arguments.

  We need to improve on our stack use, but in the meantime let's do this
  simple stack increase too.  Unlike most earlier reports, there is
  nothing simple that stands out as being really horribly wrong here,
  apart from the fact that the stack frames are just bigger than they
  should need to be.        - Linus ]

Signed-off-by: Minchan Kim <minchan@kernel.org>
Cc: Peter Anvin <hpa@zytor.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <david@fromorbit.com>
Cc: Dave Jones <davej@redhat.com>
Cc: Jens Axboe <axboe@kernel.dk>
Cc: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <a.p.zijlstra@chello.nl>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@suse.de>
Cc: Rik van Riel <riel@redhat.com>
Cc: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Cc: Hugh Dickins <hughd@google.com>
Cc: Rusty Russell <rusty@rustcorp.com.au>
Cc: Michael S Tsirkin <mst@redhat.com>
Cc: Dave Hansen <dave.hansen@intel.com>
Cc: Steven Rostedt <rostedt@goodmis.org>
Cc: PJ Waskiewicz <pjwaskiewicz@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [rafalrothenberger/donations](https://github.com/rafalrothenberger/donations)@[4db37d0ec5...](https://github.com/rafalrothenberger/donations/commit/4db37d0ec5a771b1c6de496a577d1b50871461ae)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 11:52:11 by Rafał Rothenberger

Add... Welll...  A lot XD

Yeah, I will split that in future Yeah - like always XD
Never before on personal project I pushed commit with bullshit like
that xD Never XD Ok, not gonna lie - will probably tottaly forget to
split that in multiple commits that make more sense - or, if I'm beeing
honest, that make any sense at all, so... Good luck future me looking at
that commit becouse something here is fucked up!

---
## [DumBassesFR/t80sz-1](https://github.com/DumBassesFR/t80sz-1)@[371f794d06...](https://github.com/DumBassesFR/t80sz-1/commit/371f794d06a4ee65deb0f45006eeba4697dd074e)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 12:55:55 by Fluffacorn

funny fuck shit ay please like and subscribe I would appreciate it B)

---
## [LuckDuracell/Watching](https://github.com/LuckDuracell/Watching)@[c342453bbb...](https://github.com/LuckDuracell/Watching/commit/c342453bbbec0911fe5b291d40225324a879a72d)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 13:13:28 by LuckDuracell

gave up on making sheet auto save on disappear. issue was that ".onDisappear" would trigger every time you tapped on a picker since each picker was its own page. So if I tried to have it save and reload onDisappear then you wouldn't be able to use the pickers. Ended up going with Apple's solution in the Clock app, which is to add a save button on the sheet. Pickers and Save button all should be working, will look for more bugs later. Fun fact on the origins of this solution: I wanted to make this app so that I could write down my massive list of shows and movies I gotta watch, rather than going Steve Rogers style and writing it in a little notebook (or in my current case, the iOS notes app). So I put it all together except for the final piece, getting the save on disappear to work, which I really wanted to get done. But after a few days of just trying everything I could think of, and searching online, I was setting my morning alarm when I noticed even apple uses the save navigation bar button. So instead of going to bed, here I am a few hours later having decided to pull an all nighter and just get this app done. Might have taken a bit longer tonight than it should have, since I'm watching superman: man of tomorrow right now. It's actually really good. Originally I was sad that they were switching art styles, cause I LOVE the ones from Justice League: War and that whole movie DCAU, but after giving man of tomorrow a shot, I'm not too against it. Of course, its not as good as the old style imo, but its kinda Invincible-y and they story of this movie is pretty sweet and wholesome. Would recommend :)

---
## [infernalexp/Infernal-Expansion](https://github.com/infernalexp/Infernal-Expansion)@[9686507e51...](https://github.com/infernalexp/Infernal-Expansion/commit/9686507e51c199697e82d58189e4565adb8b131f)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 14:51:19 by SwanX1

 According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.

Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.
The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.
Barry! Breakfast is ready!
Coming! Hang on a second. Hello?
- Barry?
- Adam?
- Can you believe this is happening?
- I can't. I'll pick you up.
Looking sharp.
Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those.
Sorry. I'm excited.
Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son.
A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud.
Ma! I got a thing going here.
- You got lint on your fuzz.
- Ow! That's me!
- Wave to us! We'll be in row 18,000.
- Bye!
Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house!

---
## [0308199710520/BATTLE](https://github.com/0308199710520/BATTLE)@[f207263af4...](https://github.com/0308199710520/BATTLE/commit/f207263af4959aac64df0a20960492ec6703b289)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 16:00:47 by Michael Poole

fuck this fucking stupid shit we managed to get one

---
## [MxOrbulent/renaming](https://github.com/MxOrbulent/renaming)@[cc750a4ea3...](https://github.com/MxOrbulent/renaming/commit/cc750a4ea32f624bda0f93302c65d391a8cbd393)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 16:11:32 by MxOrbulent DevOps

Update README.md

Gave a much needed lift to the README for the master debacle change.
Remember the hundred of thousands of whites who died in Americas little civil war. Where's the rewards for those dencendants? And the appropiate triggers and all that?

Here's a little fact of reality: You alone is responsible for your actions and the future, relying on people who are dead for clout is fucking pathethic. No excuses. If you want to join civilization, act civilized. It's that simple. If I spent all day making excuses I'd get nothing done, exactly like you.

---
## [Light3039/Light](https://github.com/Light3039/Light)@[367bce3596...](https://github.com/Light3039/Light/commit/367bce359696f3037913703c439271316fd57fea)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 16:54:26 by Light

TintedTextureRendererProgram

- I want to die, please just kill me and end my fucking suffering....

---
## [mibrara/mibrara.github.io](https://github.com/mibrara/mibrara.github.io)@[43693419c1...](https://github.com/mibrara/mibrara.github.io/commit/43693419c1070f30d2c51911d297769dd186210d)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 17:21:19 by Joni

Delete video/angela-white-ass-fucked-dick-toys-anal-porn-evilangel/amp directory

---
## [ttahmouch/gutenberg-mobile](https://github.com/ttahmouch/gutenberg-mobile)@[b5ba15d315...](https://github.com/ttahmouch/gutenberg-mobile/commit/b5ba15d315cfa76c906fe32697b9efe2e4e5f508)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 20:09:02 by Tony Tahmouch

TT | 3471 | "Introduce allow-list and disallow-list for blocks."

This is meant to be treated as a request for comments.

I haven't spent a lot of time trying to document everything yet. I did spend some time writing type declarations in JSDoc until my comments ended up becoming larger than the actual implementation itself to which I started to question the value at that point. I can include them if it makes sense to do so.

The general idea behind this work is that there is a desire to allow the Gutenberg Block Editor to restrict the block types it offers in various contexts it is presented in to the customer.

The changes found here should, in theory, only impact the blocks presented in the block picker, and not affect the blocks displayed within the editor if someone were to manually modify the markup.

The "requirements" that I thought seemed reasonable to me would be:

+ If you pass in neither an allow list nor a disallow list, then proceed by using all core blocks.
+ If you pass in an allow list, and not a disallow list, then proceed by only including what is in the allow list from the entire set of core blocks.
+ If you pass in a disallow list, and not an allow list, then proceed by including the entire set of core blocks sans the blocks in the disallow list.
+ If you pass in both an allow and disallow list, then proceed by removing blocks named in the disallow list first and then only keeping the blocks named in the allow list from the resulting set of the disallow list. However, this use case isn't realistic in my opinion. The consumer should only provide an allow or disallow list whichever is more convenient for the context. An allow list is preferred when the amount of blocks we'd like to present to the customer is small. The disallow list is preferred when the amount of blocks we'd like to present is large.
+ If you pass in an allow list that does not include `core/paragraph`, as that appears to be the minimum needed block, then ensure it's included in the allow list.
+ If you pass in a disallow list that includes `core/paragraph`, then ensure it is removed from the disallow list.

I made an assumption that `core/paragraph` was a require block at minimum because when the disallow list didn't allow it to be registered, the application would crash at runtime. So I made a "needed blocks" list to make vital blocks be ignored from the allow or disallow lists.

I can add tests that reflect the requirements defined above. I did look for existing tests for this module and wasn't able to find them, but I may just not be understanding the general testing strategy.

+ `packages/block-library/src/common.js` - I added a new `common` module to be shared between the entry point module for `web` and for `native`. Otherwise, I would likely have to add a duplicate implementation of the newly introduced `registerCoreBlocksByName` function, and that causes IDE warnings about redundancy.
+ `packages/block-library/src/index.js` - I exposed an entry point to register a subset of the complete collection of Gutenberg Editor Core Blocks called `registerCoreBlocksByName`. It is intended to allow registration of a subset of blocks by their `name` defined in their respective `block.json` declarations. I gave some thought into whether or not more than the `name` field would be convenient if we'd like to overwrite other fields from the block declarations when registering, but I kept it simple for the sake of getting the general idea of the implementation across. That can always be a minor enhancement.
+ `packages/block-library/src/index.native.js` - I organized the general set of core blocks to be returned from a `__experimentalGetCoreBlocks` to keep it homogenous with the `web` entry point especially since `__experimentalGetCoreBlocks` and `registerCoreBlocks` are transitive dependencies of the newly added `registerCoreBlocksByName` function. I also exposed an entry point to register a subset of the complete collection of Gutenberg Editor Core Blocks called `registerCoreBlocksByName` to keep it homogenous with the `web` implementation explained above.
+ `packages/react-native-editor/src/index.js` - I updated the entry point of the `react-native-editor` package to accept two new props passed in from the native bridge within the WordPress Android or iOS apps called `acceptBlocks` and `rejectBlocks` to be treated as an "allow" and "disallow" list. The naming was difficult so I can rename it if something else may make more sense from the perspective of the consuming application. These two new props are passed to the new registration entry point, i.e., `registerCoreBlocksByName`.

[3471](https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/issues/3471)

---
## [lvl-3-g/Gold97SGB](https://github.com/lvl-3-g/Gold97SGB)@[4141bebcdb...](https://github.com/lvl-3-g/Gold97SGB/commit/4141bebcdbc4ec1f2c31145bd49905325f94260e)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 20:45:18 by lvl-3-g

v7.00

One major change

- renamed several of the beta Pokemon to use the Nob Ogasawara names

Many, many minor changes (99% of players will never notice any of these)

External changes

- moved a few fruit trees around so their berries made more sense for the location
- fixed an issue where the scientist that appears outside the Sanskrit Ruins could walk through you on his way back to the lab
- enhanced cutscene for getting Ship Key
- enhanced cutscene for old sailor starting Ho-Oh event
- menu for choosing destination from Westport Docks
- a few more Pokemon have wild held items, and all wild held items have a 25% chance of appearing now
- minor wild Pokemon distribution changes, usually just changes to distribution between morn/day/night to make times more distinct
- fixed issue where Slowbro and Slowking's Pokedex entries still mentioned Shellder instead of Disturban
- moved version number up slightly so it always appears even when changing the time or starting a new game
- all days of week are capitalized in text
- fixed typo in Psychic Rodney's dialogue
- slight redesign to Jade Forest, added ledges
- slight redesign to Ampare Cavern, removed unecessary water that had no encounters
- added sign to Route 118
- Cleaned up dialogue of Youngster in Kanto Battle Club who gives you Togepi
- Togepi no longer has 1% chance of appearing on Rainbow Island - battle club is only method to obtain
- Added old lady to house in Kume City who tells of the legend of the 3 Legendary Birds, to advise you to find the Tri-Wing
- improved cutscene for when Legendary Beasts are released after encountering Ho-Oh
- made the upstairs of Pokemon Centers use gray palette instead of green
- fixed issue where Agatha could be rebattled multiple times in the same encounter
- fixed issue where Dodaerie was able to breed
- Made Disturban part of the Ground Egg Group
- Cleaned up dialogue of fisherman on Koban Island
- Fixed issue where an item in Magma Shaft was unobtainable
- Added an aide to Professor Oak's old lab
- Added a new NPC to Pagota Trainer School who will tell you which Game Boy system you are playing on
- minor interface changes - HP now displays above Pokemon name, like the demo
- Added icon of Pokeball to show which stat screen you are viewing
- Font change for Trainer Status screen for "STATUS" and "BADGES", pulled from Demo
- fixed minor graphical issue in Pokedex when switching between page one and two of an entry
- boy in Nanjo Forest now gives Lucky Egg instead of Wisdom Orb
- slight redesign of Weathered Trail - water is no longer acessible since it doesn't need to be, no encounters

Internal changes (only changed in the code, doesn't change anything in the game)

- renamed mart names to closer match where they are actually located
- renamed fruit trees to match their locations
- many map names are renamed internally to match what they actually are (ex > Victory Road to Mt.Fuji Interior)
- renamed Elite Four rooms to match who is actually in them
- Renamed all fishgroups to Water 1-8
- lots of renamed events to match item pickups
- lots of renamed scripts to match what they are (dialogue, signs, etc)

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[16c922c3db...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/16c922c3db7c0cbe4d47c68fd7d433657d3d8353)
#### Thursday 2021-08-05 22:08:24 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 8/5/2021 10:00:00 PM

 1. Added: Self-Hosting a Blog Mailing List
    (https://blog.mediocregopher.com/2021/08/04/selfhosting-a-blog-mailing-list.html)
 2. Added: Bob had a bad night: IoT mischief in a capsule hotel takes neighborly revenge to the next level | ZDNet
    (https://www.zdnet.com/article/bob-had-a-bad-night-iot-mischief-takes-neighbourly-revenge-to-the-next-level-in-a-capsule-hotel/?taid=610c4a4e3233bc00010b58fc)
 3. Added: Uno Platform SQLite for WebAssembly support on .NET 5 and .NET 6
    (https://platform.uno/blog/uno-platform-sqlite-for-webassembly-support-on-net-5-and-net-6/)
 4. Added: Force Click for Layer Selection - Maxwell Forbes
    (https://maxwellforbes.com/posts/force-click-for-layer-selection)
 5. Added: Bad Blood at the FTC
    (https://truthonthemarket.com/2021/06/09/bad-blood-at-the-ftc/)
 6. Added: Building an LSIF Indexer for a Low-Code Platform
    (https://airkit.com/blog/building-language-server-index-format-indexer/)
 7. Added: The Drunken Bishop Algorithm – Barely Functional Theories
    (https://www.jfurness.uk/the-drunken-bishop-algorithm/)
 8. Added: Apple's Plan to "Think Different" About Encryption Opens a Backdoor to Your Private Life
    (https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2021/08/apples-plan-think-different-about-encryption-opens-backdoor-your-private-life)
 9. Added: Real Case - How I compromised 300 stores, and a
    (https://edbrsk.dev/content/real-cases/how-I-compromised-300-stores-and-a-spanish-consultancy)
10. Added: Writing great alt text: Emotion matters
    (https://jakearchibald.com/2021/great-alt-text/)
11. Added: Don't scan your face to buy glasses
    (https://ognjen.io/dont-scan-your-face-to-buy-glasses/)
12. Added: Open Question: How Can We Fix Files?
    (https://www.schroer.ca/2021/08/05/file-browsers/)
13. Added: Struggling first steps as a new senior
    (https://moogle.dev/2021/08/05/struggling-first-steps-as-a-new-senior/)
14. Added: And now for something completely different: Australia needs to cut the crap with expats
    (https://tenfourfox.blogspot.com/2021/08/and-now-for-something-completely.html)
15. Added: Episode 18: Optimizing Cryptography for Microcontrollers!
    (https://www.cryptography.fm/18)
16. Added: Coming Full Circle
    (https://ruky.me/2021/08/05/coming-full-circle/)
17. Added: One simple design fix for the Olympic medal tally
    (https://djrobstep.com/posts/olympic-medal-tally-column-order)
18. Added: Out of water
    (https://om.co/2021/08/03/out-of-water/)
19. Added: When Howard Met Curry
    (https://antitypical.com/posts/2021-07-28-when-howard-met-curry/)

Generation took: 00:08:12.6226240
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---

# [<](2021-08-04.md) 2021-08-05 [>](2021-08-06.md)

