# [<](2021-07-02.md) 2021-07-03 [>](2021-07-04.md)

1,958,426 events, 1,142,324 push events, 1,712,573 commit messages, 98,194,174 characters


## [Oborawatibanost/Pythonscripts](https://github.com/Oborawatibanost/Pythonscripts)@[be90dcdb41...](https://github.com/Oborawatibanost/Pythonscripts/commit/be90dcdb41c5a0485e67fa3eb63d0359416eb83f)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 03:07:48 by Oborawatibanost

Add files via upload

So, this is a somewhat updated version of my score keeper. This is something I really want to build in an advanced way. My friends and I always play certain games, and it would be really cool and useful to have a score keeper that would be able to save players, and scores that would map to those players. However, I cannot for the life of me figure out how to save user input in Python, so hopefully, the course I'm currently in will teach me ho, please . I'm thinking I probably need to connect SQL or SQLite in some way to properly hold a database of user and scores, but that is above me for now. If anybody sees this, and has any recommendations as to how to accomplish the goal I want to accomplish, please, lmk. Other than that, thank you so much for taking the time to view my code!

---
## [Fabio-Mazzei/javascripExercisesLevel2](https://github.com/Fabio-Mazzei/javascripExercisesLevel2)@[fa2df93ec7...](https://github.com/Fabio-Mazzei/javascripExercisesLevel2/commit/fa2df93ec7a5066e0aa03512385a50728e2b00db)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 04:23:41 by Fabio Mazzei

New exercise.

/* Thinkful - String Drills: Poem formatter. You have a collection of lovely poems. Unfortuantely they aren't formatted very well. They're all on one line, like this:
Beautiful is better than ugly. Explicit is better than implicit. Simple is better than complex. Complex is better than complicated.
What you want is to present each sentence on a new line, so that it looks like this:
Beautiful is better than ugly.
Explicit is better than implicit.
Simple is better than complex.
Complex is better than complicated.
Write a function, format_poem() that takes a string like the one line example as an argument and returns a new string that is formatted across multiple lines with each new sentence starting on a new line when you print it out.
Try to solve this challenge with the str.split() and the str.join() string methods.
Every sentence will end with a period, and every new sentence will have one space before the previous period. Be careful about trailing whitespace in your solution.
FUNDAMENTALS STRINGS. */

---
## [ZBEAR-Rockn/ZBEAR-Rockn](https://github.com/ZBEAR-Rockn/ZBEAR-Rockn)@[53c894501f...](https://github.com/ZBEAR-Rockn/ZBEAR-Rockn/commit/53c894501f01e6c951df88f1b6be59db27deb02c)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 05:09:27 by ZBEAR-Rockn

ZBEARs_Weight_Smacher_v_01_08.py

A good loop phrase can change the world.
A rock sound with some meaning can change the world.
=> zbear on internet


Use of this tool:

- You can see the guide according to your ability or tendency.


-  Description Viewpoint A : Public service performance style

The mesh part which is confused by the various cases and operates is registered as the new vertex group and all vertices in the registered vertex group are liberated from all interference by the unknown several bones. This new vertex group's weights will be reset by the weight value given your inputted float value for an additional specified bone. This simplifies the complex situation affected by various bones. This simplifies the indiscriminate weighting of a vertices part caused by automatic weight paint, and helps to keep the work going by making the weighting situation of irregular mesh simple again without backing down from the middle point of the work.

UI No. 0: There must be an active object in selection, and its name must be on UI.
UI No. 1: Collect the Vertices that have been interfered with and lost their way for all of armature's Bones, designate them as the new Vertex Group and prepare new name for this Group.
UI No. 2: Enter the name of the new vertex group above.
UI No. 3: Decide one bone to be attached on your New Vertex Group (if the weighting states of this vertex group are already nice, that vertices in that group's will return to the position of their non-weighted original local location).
UI No. 4: Enter the name of the bone you picked from above.
UI No. 5: Enter the weight value to decide how much the Vertex Group will be affected by the Bone entered by you

UI No. 6: Check all parts and click this button if there is no logical flaw.


-  Description Viewpoint B :  Casual style


This tool can be used at more proper situation through the way of resetting partial weight to 0 and giving weights only to one of the most relevant bones. It would be better than keep your working state in the following situations :

Specially, in case of the mesh which is skinned with all kinds of the automatic weighting techniques, the weighting result is partly very complicatedly twisted and it shows the undesirable deforming shapes in the pose change

Use as an assistant tool of weighting solution when it's  needed to correct accidental weighting twisting by various automatic weighting techniques

When the weights of the vertices blocked from the view were painted weirdly by multiple bones, and even this situation was accumulated, and UNDO function is no more helpful to recover, or you feel like the one more UNDO can shutting down the Blender

When using weight painting mode and even if you still clicking Ctrl + LMB on each bones for more than 40 minutes but there is no better

Even doing one more action with Ctrl + Bone clicking is disgustingly tired and mentally painful


Hello, I'm ZBEAR. The Hard Rock Guitarist and 3D Music Video maker using Blender.

First, before I say something, I am sorry about my hard rock promotion, which is decided 
as much as to make and distribute functions for people free of charge.
I am very sorry that my urgent problem, the global hard rock inflation problem, 
has led to the inclusion of advertisements for my artist's name 'ZBEAR' and its activity, 
hard rock guitar solo albums, and if the world could have prevented me from becoming such a 
hungry guitarist by blind capitalism(I support capitalism system with not-blinded options), 
all of these advertisements in everyside of this add-on could have been removed. I want you to understand.

This Code has simple routine but I thought the idea for making this feature would be worthwhile in that no one tried to implement this convenient function.
So, despite having to burn out the guitar strings as a guitarist, I decided to make this add-on while making music videos using Great Tool called Blender.

In many cases, someone may not be aware of why this add-on's core vision is currently needed for them.
However, if it is used properly at the proper situation, this idea can save your non-productive time by selectively initializing the values ​​of the complexly twisted weighting table and re-painting the weights for the mesh part that comes back into view.
Check out the description on the product page and packed readme files for more details.

'And if possible, if someday the blender team decide to include this partial weighting management idea of ​​this addon, I would be very grateful if that function is added with marking my active name 'ZBEAR'.'

---
## [Lil-Parrot/Galaxii-Games-FNF](https://github.com/Lil-Parrot/Galaxii-Games-FNF)@[2e2e897c89...](https://github.com/Lil-Parrot/Galaxii-Games-FNF/commit/2e2e897c89d469b2831559a788292619f811d8e9)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 05:15:20 by Lil-Parrot

GOD i hate you charlie

fuck the hell off i fixed gf's!!

---
## [SortaCore/MMF2Exts](https://github.com/SortaCore/MMF2Exts)@[434e330332...](https://github.com/SortaCore/MMF2Exts/commit/434e330332d746a6d793870c766f7c02cee46cdb)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 05:38:48 by Phi

DarkEdif SDK updates/fixes (iOS support starts)

Windows:
Undo crash on Fusion start, caused by DarkEdif update checker being multithreaded. Presumably it's invalid memory. Unless I can find a way to check if Fusion is preloading during SDK init, this isn't safe to reactivate.

Android:
Android port now allows comparison conditions, to some extent; the Java wrapper doesn't have any methods to deal with the long variable response and compare, nor will it be able to know what conditions are comparisons. However, it's now easier for a developer to hardcode conditions that are comparisons in Java and check manually.
Cleared up release builds. Still several possible fix-ups to do, but it should be a good speed at the moment.

iOS:
DarkEdif PostBuildTool now can work with iOS. It reads the FusionSDKConfig.ini file in root folder.
Added DarkEdifLipo.exe, a Windows port of Mac app "lipo", which combines iOS library files together into one "Universal Binary" library. This can be used to put all ABIs into one library file, which when uploaded to App Store, should be auto-separated for devices.
It means the Fusion dev only needs to link one library in XCode instead of adding overloads for each ABI.
iOS still needs work; the simulator and actual devices apparently use different ABIs entirely, and I'm struggling with getting the project to sign. I'm also considering opening up the Mac I use to DarkEdif users.
So presently, it compiles, gets merged together, but due to ABI mismatch between real and simulator devices, I'm unsure how to go about making it friendly for a C++ dev who might need to debug either.
Possibly I may have to make a second Target inside MSBuild. That may be more painless than it seems.
Creating new project configurations for simulators sounds like the worst option, particularly given that iPad and iPhone may need separate ABIs.)
Possibly I may have to make a second Target inside MSBuild.
Since iOS extracts backslashes as literals, I checked Zip spec; and yes, backslashes are bad. I had to switch the implementation of PostBuildTool zip creation to using DotNetZip.dll, instead of using the built-in System.IO.Compression.

---
## [Frostygames0/elemental-amulets](https://github.com/Frostygames0/elemental-amulets)@[058edab689...](https://github.com/Frostygames0/elemental-amulets/commit/058edab68933141649c37b277404927df96b5976)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 06:45:35 by Frostygames0

Fuck... My family are just stupid thinking that "OMG!!! You don't want to go to our country house!!!" And I can't even finish this stupid mod although I need only to add 2 max and 0 min and just upgrading recipes

---
## [Lokesh1527/Lokesh1527](https://github.com/Lokesh1527/Lokesh1527)@[d5f273dfdf...](https://github.com/Lokesh1527/Lokesh1527/commit/d5f273dfdf95b9ef35a556e4498e0b8afb1e9ddb)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 08:03:39 by Lokesh1527

OSRAM

Give your Car a modern look with LED Car Headlight Bulbs
Car headlight bulbs are in the process of upgrading to LEDs. This technology has become major widespread as more and more automakers are moving this way due to the continuous price drops. LED car headlights not only give your car a classic look but are also pocket-friendly and there is an assortment of options available too. 
Though the LEDs have been in the market from quite a long time, it has recently become accessible to auto manufactures. As the market is flourished with such car headlight bulbs, there are brands that you never knew existed for replacing your halogen or High-Intensity Discharge (HID) headlights. 
Benefits of LED Car Bulbs
The LED light for the car is measured in Lumens, therefore you must focus on this factor the most while picking a replacement. Another factor to be compared is their operating lives for night vision. LED car bulbs like LEDriving HL H11 Gen2 are very cost-effective as they tend to last longer and are quite convenient for the car owner too. One of the most modern and compact designs, these lights are the talk of the town. Providing cool white light, they are perfect for an easy solution to upgrade car headlight bulbs as soon as possible. 
If the question is how to improve the brightness and life of a vehicle headlight, then your answer is LED light for cars as many manufactures put the plug and play kits with these lights, so there are no requirements for the modification in the vehicle. OSRAM’s LEDriving HL H7 Gen2 is the best example of this. These car bulbs are appreciated for their efficient design, high beam, and better visibility. When aimed correctly and paired with the right installation, these LEDs are an amalgamation of minimum input power and high brightness. The crispness of light that comes from these LED car headlights is sharp and fresh. These are perfect for swapping those power-hungry headlights into brighter and low-energy consuming LEDs. 
Nowadays several brands are using Turbocool Fans to ensure that the LED car headlight bulbs can operate for more than 50,000 hours with years of warranty. These bulbs are waterproof that run at a cool light pattern and offer a non-foggy and great array of light without any dark spots. The LEDriving HL HB4 Gen1 has a longer life span when compared to other branded lights and can easily outperform Halogen or Xenon car bulbs. This means that there is no need to unnecessarily worry about the brightness of the lights even after few years. This, in turn, will aid in the reduction of maintenance costs of the car as the LED car headlights will need less replacement.
Many LED car bulbs are built with logical aluminum bulb casings. These casings are designed to soak up the extra heat and include a system with a micro fan for effective cooling. The LED bulbs for the car are very robust that can withstand severe automotive use – shock, dust, water, and rumbling. Do try out OSRAM’s LEDriving HL HB4 Gen2. They produce a high-energy white light with a long shelf life and consistent performance. This LED car headlight bulb is very much in demand due to its optimized high precision design. They are compatible with a wider range of car models and are easy to install which comes with five years of guarantee. 
Such lights are very good if you love the night drives. Due to their advanced anti-glare technology, they do not blind the other drivers and provide a seamless beam for the owner too. LED headlight bulbs provide a brighter and wider range of light that creates a clear picture of the dimly lit road.
The LED bulbs for cars light up instantly and are very efficient as they last longer than other car bulbs in the market. LEDriving HL H11 Gen1 emits light that is far more closer to natural light, thus gives a soothing effect to the driver’s eyes. 
The daytime running lights are frequently used car bulbs. They consume an insignificant amount of energy and are designed to increases the car’s daytime visibility. Due to their cost effectiveness, these LED car bulbs are offered by auto manufacturers as a standard feature on the cars that give them the required design and style too.
OSRAM’s LEDriving HL H11 Gen2 is incredibly energy efficient. This feature will help a lot of drivers to increase their vehicle’s battery life. For electric vehicles, these LED headlight bulbs can get additional miles by switching from normal car bulbs. The best part is these LEDs can be used in any type of car ranging from high-end to medium to lower-end cars. They are known for their high performance and design. The light beam is super focused that aids the driver in proper control of the vehicle while ensuring the car’s longer shelf life. 
If you are looking for an all-around performer with easy installation then these LED headlight bulbs should be on the top of your list. Go ahead and make sure to keep a spare bulb for when one of them sooner or later burns out.
Focusing on Innovation, Osram is a pioneer in providing long-lasting car LED headlight bulbs. After installing these car bulbs, the driver can relax behind the steering wheel and can have a comfortable drive too. Their LED Headlight bulbs come with a reflector system that ensures that the light is directed where the driver needs it on the road. These car bulbs are pretty much a win-win package considering the features they offer. Brighter, more durable, and energy-efficient LEDs, OSRAM is renowned for its revolutionized technologies. 
LED car headlights are easy to install and are available readily in the market to make the vehicles look much stylish. They are low energy consuming and with features like strong, sturdy, and low maintenance. Though there are several options for you to choose like – LASFIT, Auxbeam F16, Hikari, Beam Tech, XenonPro, Cougar Motor, etc but OSRAM takes the lead.

---
## [yuanming-hu/taichi.graphics](https://github.com/yuanming-hu/taichi.graphics)@[bc5d7cae5a...](https://github.com/yuanming-hu/taichi.graphics/commit/bc5d7cae5adb25d899f7214b2c21a7016fd0b8a5)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 09:03:30 by Chengchen(Rex) Wang

Integrate with Algolia DocSearch. (#23)

> Wow, this looks amazing! Thank you so much for setting this up. (Really sorry about my delayed reply - the past week has been a bit hectic for me...)
> 
> I can't wait to try the incredible new search box :-)
> 

No worries at all, thanks for taking a look! I also had pretty packed weeks earlier, sorry to leave the docs migration and releasing work there for so long, now I have more time after hours, am planning to finish this piece of work as soon as by Nov.

> > Maybe we should start adding policy/privacy banners such as below to the site about the cookie usage.
> 
> That sounds reasonable! I guess we don't have to worry too much about that until one day we get a lot of traffic :-)

Cool, that's also I was thinking too, will create an issue to document the future work but will leave it as-is for now.

---
## [tdauth/wowr](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr)@[7a65802357...](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr/commit/7a65802357b61cb36e4d0803a41fa9e47bd22300)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 09:49:02 by barade

Improvements

- Drop Skull of Gul'dan on hero death.
- Add 3 gold workers per housing to Demon and Blood Elf AI.
- Demon Parasite uses Unholy Strength and Armor from Demon instead of Undead.
- Translate Forked Lightning, Tornado, Robo-Goblin, Transmute and Stampede into English from German.
- Make more space for the base at the World Tree.
- Finger of Death of Eredar Warlock can target non-heroes.
- Decrease the chance for Bash of Eredar Warlock by 5 for every level.
- Try to close a gap between trees in Ashenvale.
- Try to move creeps in the Arch Lich dungeon away from the border.
- Fix number of Ziggurats for Undead AI.
- Fix message when Hand of God becomes available.
- Fix enabling/disabling the bridge at Sunstrider Isle.
- Increase space at Sunstrider Isle.
- Cobra Wards and Zerberus do not cause Chaos damage anymore.
- Increase the cooldown with higher levels of Serpent Ward.
- Increase cooldown of Hex and decrease the duration for regular units.
- Increase cooldown of War Stomp.
- Immediately hide Demon buildings without proper death animation.
- Draenei buildings and Engineer towers require Ground-pathable pathing to be build.
- Set fixed number of workers, buy Zeppelin and attack with mount for all AIs.

---
## [Perkedel/haxe-hardware](https://github.com/Perkedel/haxe-hardware)@[d7d2a9a171...](https://github.com/Perkedel/haxe-hardware/commit/d7d2a9a171c3c045780fd737bbb8c68768631425)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 10:49:09 by Joel Robert Justiawan

Okeh Guys, another fix

The last commit on the upstream was 2015. That's pecking old. and today, we already have 64bit Android phone. wow, when was released, 2016? I believe it was since Samsung Galaxy... S6 if not wrong. well most importantly, we got it. Now we have rebuilt the library and this includes the 64bit arm android library yay! libhardware-64.so wow!!! yeah a simple project/build.xml edit. check out this cool page right here https://haxe.org/manual/target-cpp-defines.html

Lime changes. okay. so I believe, OpenFl now missing the JNI, so how about use Lime instead. and therefore, it's no longer viable to be pulled so, yeah. We decided to keep it ours, unless, @ktravis would like me to um.. pull my mods of this library back to his, because again, OpenFl lost the JNI (I think), and we now left with Lime. But then, that's the point. not all project would use Lime (like what HaxeFlixel framework uses), so e.g. it's Paper Please. they are OpenFl and idk if the builder is Lime or not. what if not, then lime wouldn't have been used afterall and wouldn't be thought of at all in the imports of every source code in that project.

Yeah. I hope you understand. idk how to fix latest openfl that lost its JNI, or... somekind of structural change beyond my current knowledge of openfl. so this mod here is workaround, how about use Lime like that https://github.com/player-03/android6permissions/blob/master/com/player03/android6/Permissions.hx thingy here.

so @ktravis if you like to pull this workaround back to you, please let me know, um don't pull this mod because I have changed the license and properties. I have made another fork in personal account (which now I made pull request 2021 Compatibility  https://github.com/ktravis/haxe-hardware/pull/2 , change everything like usual, except the license and the properties. and that fix will be yours for us gamers. how about that, yeah idk. are you still active today?
Yes make note, what I do is, change the OpenFl reference in Hardware.hx into Lime instead. I think you might disagree with that, so if you don't want lime, feel free to ignore this mod and protest to OpenFl, mod OpenFl whatever, and maybe call somebody else to fix your hardware access but do not use Lime at all, keep OpenFl but it works somehow yeah.

https://github.com/player-03/android6permissions/commit/57289885196b3f570229fd50f7a33819395f1f8f haha wait a minute, that Android Permission also was using OpenFl but then changed it to Lime because since OpenFl 8, the JNI is gone? oh okay. So people what do you think?

---
## [makingglitches/NNTrainingDataSeperator](https://github.com/makingglitches/NNTrainingDataSeperator)@[5275bc57c9...](https://github.com/makingglitches/NNTrainingDataSeperator/commit/5275bc57c9ba95e926d9e87b7055453cdbd429a6)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 15:07:56 by John Sohn

seriously
its impossible to resist forgetting at points when you let people pick me up and drsag me to places like colorado where
they do awful things to people trying to encourage them to help or go along which is never going to happen
you people want me to 'go along', fine, move me somewhere you garbage pieces of shit are not and let me do my fucking job, scew some women, and go about life. keep your kiddy fuckers away from me.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4a17b4e012...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/4a17b4e0123c633c6f9ecb6733215b585ff73b13)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 16:36:28 by Marko Grdinić

"1:40pm. https://web.stanford.edu/class/aa228/reports/2018/final96.pdf
> Multi-agent games like card games offer us with outlets for testing foundational reinforcement learning algorithms and techniques. Currently, there exists uncertainty regarding how Q-Learning might perform when applied to the problem of Texas Hold’em. We investigate this uncertainty first by building a multi-agent Markov Decision Process model of the game Texas Hold’em. We then evaluate the performance of Q-Learning on the model by assigning specific Q-Learning strategies to specific agents, and comparing those agents by playing them against each other and by playing them against baseline agents (agents that follow fixed policies and do not learn). We find that while Q-Learning performs better than random in some cases, it consistently performs worse than a fixed policy that elects to call on every bet, suggesting that Q-Learning alone is insufficient for the problem of Texas Hold’em. We also find that Q-Learning performs better when it extracts more salient information about the game environment.

> it consistently performs worse than a fixed policy that elects to call on every bet

I admit, I had never imagined Holdem would be this difficult.

https://www.deepstack.ai/

I guess this is the state of the art then, but Deepstack is complicated and not at all generic.

3:40pm. https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.02877
Training Agents using Upside-Down Reinforcement Learning

I am thinking how I would implement this concept and have some ideas. Let me actually read the paper.

5:45pm. I am rolling it in my head.

I've decided. I am going to implement my own brand of upside down CFR as the next step on my journey. I am not going to use the thing in the paper as it is too complicated. The main idea is that in the process of mapping the rewards to actions, the network should develop some good internal representations.

I should be able to just take that and use that for semi tabular CFR. That is what I am going to do. Unlike in the paper, what I will do is pass in the rewards only towards the end to induce the network to do something useful will the state in the lower layers. I'll pass in the state, map it through a bunch of layers, normed square, and then use that for semi tabular CFR from which I won't backprop through.

This will be extremely convenient as I will be able to unify the actor and the critic into a single network.

5:55pm. This will be a good first step into the domain of self supervised learning.

It is easy to say that I will bring in GANs and transformers, but I need to take the smallest possible step forward.

I am going to have to go from the beginning, back to Leduc, then Flop, then I will try Holdem again.

6pm. If it was that easy, somebody else would have done it. If the researchers were able to make a lot money easily by using RL agents, you bet they would not be publishing papers and doing ML work.

The allure of ML is that its appex is also the appex of programming itself. It is important to dream.

6pm. This time I am going to break through. I am reminded of my time at the end of elementary school when I won the programming national championship. I excelled, but not to the point where I could touch the real world.

The 4/5 rank in ML is waiting for me.

If I could firmly step into it, I could become a contender in this race for power.

6:15pm. It would be absolutely great if I could reach it. As filled with drudgery regular programming is, reaching its heights would be divine.

Let me do it. Tomorrow I will start with the serializer - I am going to have to allow negative values in the binary serializer, so I am going to have the empty element be something other than 0. I'll set it to the min negative value.

6:20pm. I'll get rid of the hindsight information from the value net. It is not that important, it is certanly not preventing the net from choking on harder tasks.

Since I will be using tabular CFR, I'll be able to bring back the reweighting that I know and love. I'll also make a head for policy and the average policy. That later one is a possibility now. Not having to backprop and simply learning ontop of unsupervised features is a great liberator.

6:30pm. Now that I think about it, I will be able to use the average policy to sample from once I have it. That will be cool. There was an old paper before VR MCCFR showing that it gives a benefit, but I could not make use of it in the previous method. Now it is back on the table.

Tabular RL just refuses to die, even though deep RL will superseded by self supervised methods.

6:35pm. Today was the last day that I will make use of deep RL for anything."

---
## [willior/Action_RPG_1](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1)@[0f1f8b52ed...](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1/commit/0f1f8b52ed9e25bc9f72a68b4b1e40ff6bad6218)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 17:27:42 by willior

adjusted pause screen menu size

...to accommodate uniform formula display.
now some game design thoughts...
i have to consider how many formulas can be carried at once...
i think 5 is a relatively low number. but i also think that having a low number of formulas able to be carried at once incentivizes good decision-making and proper planning. however, i would like to have a large number of formulas in the game, and also want the player to feel free to experiment with as many as they want to. but, later down the line, when there are a large number of formulas implemented into the game, and lots of different TYPES and ELEMENTS of formulas, i don't want the player to have too many so as to be completely over-powered. the idea here is to "plan to be able to deal more easily with certain situations over others", not, "being able to easily deal with 100% of possible situations."
something i considered was having the spirituality stat also increase the number of carriable formulas at certain intervals. but i think that would make it too powerful. i would like formulas to "accessorize" the combat, not be the EZ solution to every combat encounter. the formulas you carry/choose to use, along with the stats you pick, will be what makes your "build". formulas will be able to be swapped at save points, so that part of the build is more malleable, but stats are more permanent.
there will also be non-combat "utility" formulas that will be used to overcome obstacles, solve puzzles, or otherwise progress through the game. things like, a light aura formula to light up otherwise pitch-black areas, or a revealer formula to reveal invisible paths over dangerous pits. or a "hookshot"-type formula, or even levitation. there could be multiple ways to traverse a single obstacle.
it's hard to say for now, but i think access to 10 formulas at once might be a good starting point. in Evermore, you could only carry 8 at once, and i thought that was too few since there were so many cool formulas in the game. by the end of secret of Mana, each spellcaster had access to 6 spirits who had 3 spells each, so 18 defense/buff spells, and 18 offensive/debuff spells. i felt like this was almost too many, at times. not because you'd get overwhelmed, but because you had so many options, you could spam spells of ANY kind and PROBABLY win. there wasn't a whole lot of thought or planning to it, just cast & win. i'd like the system for this game to be a balance of planning/"building" and freedom to experiment.

---
## [The-NinToaster/Website-landing-page](https://github.com/The-NinToaster/Website-landing-page)@[26db2a4720...](https://github.com/The-NinToaster/Website-landing-page/commit/26db2a4720c067e00252bca184562b3360e6559a)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 21:14:01 by Nikki Babaii

Fixed a fucky wucky 

Big fuck you hours 
Fix based on https://github.com/longpdo/neumorphism/issues/6

---
## [Geniye1/Enge](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge)@[7a6ebc6caf...](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge/commit/7a6ebc6cafb31aa417c1b2ffc6b42603896021b9)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 21:28:47 by Jack Strayer

Fixed the window resize issue where the viewport was getting stretched and squished whenever you resized the window apparently your not supposed to call glViewport hey thanks tutorial makers for telling me to use glViewport when resizing when in the end you dont use that unless you want your shit to get stretched hey your so good at your jobs fuck all of you

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[972cd3de61...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/972cd3de6121ffc9597ac964446e7fd3d56d7f95)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 22:29:55 by Bobbahbrown

introduce advanced sucking functionality to custodians (+ bonus GAGging) (#59925)

* base sucking functionality

* functional upgrade and upgrade refactor

* minor tweak here

* finish overhaul of upgrades, add gags-ified upgrades

* add documentation (you love to see it)

* update sucking sound

* do some of the requested cleanup, fix key going into trash bag, add right click func

---
## [tech-squares/squaresdb](https://github.com/tech-squares/squaresdb)@[7b7b8c18d0...](https://github.com/tech-squares/squaresdb/commit/7b7b8c18d000e362655445a4b0796c36e92900be)
#### Saturday 2021-07-03 22:40:47 by Alex Dehnert

signin: Prototype split-dropdown for next-term subscriptions

Currently, people who get into the dance for free (MIT students or
people who bought subscriptions for the current term) can't buy a
subscription for the next dance (or do anything else beyond being marked
present). This commit adds two prototypes using Bootstrap's
split-dropdown support for having the usual dropdown as well. It
noticeably increases button width and requires non-trivial dexterity to
hit the button on the tablet, so I don't love it. Also the first
prototype, using the emoji to trigger the dropdown, is a hack and I
imagine later Bootstrap versions could break it, plus it breaks the
rounded corners, so while it's a little narrower than the second
prototype, it has other issues.

My inclination remains to add a checkbox that makes every button the
usual dropdown -- no additional width on weeks we're not selling lots of
subscriptions, but when we are you get a full-size button to click.

---

# [<](2021-07-02.md) 2021-07-03 [>](2021-07-04.md)

