# [<](2021-04-03.md) 2021-04-04 [>](2021-04-05.md)

2,002,769 events, 1,147,534 push events, 1,602,937 commit messages, 92,917,255 characters


## [BeyondMagic/config](https://github.com/BeyondMagic/config)@[799db57813...](https://github.com/BeyondMagic/config/commit/799db5781308c08b37f45d53b617318c42dc875e)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 00:36:37 by beyondmagic

ALL: Huge updated, see submessage

Huge update from Manjaro to Artix, all scripts are remade, cleaned
everything with dash posix-complaint scripts and changed to suckless
utilites.

I've been working on this for 2 months and I think it's finally time
to say it's ready, I can still improve the documentation and dotfiles
optimization in the future, but everything right now is good enough.

You can see all the applications and config files for each one are
included in the submodules, such as dwm, dmenu, st, lemonbar and slock.

I love Artix Linux running Runit and probably this is what I'll stop for
a long, long time.

Manjaro was a good run, but this, this is beautiful.

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[997de2ed90...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/997de2ed90e03d6d2d60b350e887055faedc43e2)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 02:54:43 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-04-03. See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (MB, ON, SK); mortality (SK); recovered (ON); testing (MB, ON).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “3 new deaths, for a total of 10,684 deaths: 0 death in the last 24 hours, 3 deaths between March 27 and April 1.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [ChowChowSonic/Eve-Online-2](https://github.com/ChowChowSonic/Eve-Online-2)@[9c344cd109...](https://github.com/ChowChowSonic/Eve-Online-2/commit/9c344cd109ea443973373ce6bca65b12dcd56a6d)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 03:34:55 by ChowChowSonic

Server antenna now implemented; not yet functional

The server can now receive data, but not send it or read it... Holy fuckles it's Knuckles this is going to be one hell of a programming journey.

---
## [TrickyGameTools/Kthura](https://github.com/TrickyGameTools/Kthura)@[aa6bf640d1...](https://github.com/TrickyGameTools/Kthura/commit/aa6bf640d19b1b633836e8198cffd09dcf97aa58)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 07:12:39 by Jeroen Broks

Fuck you.... I had to restart my entire system for this!

---
## [ddiblis/starter-restaurant-reservation](https://github.com/ddiblis/starter-restaurant-reservation)@[c84b1d95c8...](https://github.com/ddiblis/starter-restaurant-reservation/commit/c84b1d95c8501da62f5e1cb02ffc70d5562022e3)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 10:13:33 by “sdl

feat(everything.-look-at-the-change-log-I-did-too-much-at-once): Fuck you. I was bored and wanted something to do so I cleaned the whole thing up. Need to fix the key issues later though

---
## [Mr-Ruben/my-sear-data](https://github.com/Mr-Ruben/my-sear-data)@[f7f292e915...](https://github.com/Mr-Ruben/my-sear-data/commit/f7f292e915c1ebd7856a9787a686673cbf21452b)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 10:57:43 by Mr Ruben

Added en-GB words

[('blue', '/ˈbluː/'),
 ('mouth', '/ˈmaʊθ/'),
 ('choice', '/ˈtʃɔɪs/'),
 ('pure', '/ˈpjʊər/'),
 ('eat', '/ˈiːt/'),
 ('tour', '/ˈtʊər/'),
 ('boat', '/ˈbəʊt/'),
 ('zip', '/ˈzɪp/'),
 ('near', '/ˈnɪər/'),
 ('nurse', '/ˈnɜːrs/'),
 ('kit', '/ˈkɪt/'),
 ('show', '/ˈʃəʊ/'),
 ('cop', '/ˈkɒp/'),
 ('sun', '/ˈsʌn/'),
 ('boy', '/ˈbɔɪ/'),
 ('God', '/ˈɡɒd/'),
 ('fleece', '/ˈfliːs/'),
 ('pot', '/ˈpɒt/'),
 ('north', '/ˈnɔːθ/'),
 ('hair', '/ˈhɛər/'),
 ('now', '/ˈnaʊ/'),
 ('cry', '/ˈkraɪ/'),
 ('lot', '/lɒt/'),
 ('goose', '/ˈguːs/'),
 ('hear', '/ˈhɪər/'),
 ('gem', '/ˈdʒɛm/'),
 ('father', '/ˈfɑːðə/'),
 ('sin', '/ˈsɪn/'),
 ('beer', '/ˈbɪər/'),
 ('rub', '/ˈrʌb/'),
 ('bin', '/ˈbɪn/'),
 ('wet', '/ˈwɛt/'),
 ('beg', '/ˈbɛg/'),
 ('poor', '/ˈpʊər/'),
 ('boot', '/ˈbuːt/'),
 ('bun', '/ˈbʌn/'),
 ('gas', '/ˈgæs/'),
 ('law', '/ˈlɔː/'),
 ('buy', '/ˈbaɪ/'),
 ('start', '/ˈstɑːt/'),
 ('pier', '/ˈpɪər/'),
 ('strut', '/ˈstrʌt/'),
 ('learn', '/ˈlɜːrn/'),
 ('square', '/ˈskwɛər/'),
 ('day', '/ˈdeɪ/'),
 ('toy', '/ˈtɔɪ/'),
 ('foot', '/ˈfʊt/'),
 ('bat', '/ˈbæt/'),
 ('trap', '/ˈtræp/'),
 ('meet', '/ˈmiːt/'),
 ('fowl', '/ˈfaʊl/'),
 ('war', '/ˈwɔːr/'),
 ('price', '/ˈpraɪs/'),
 ('dress', '/ˈdrɛs/'),
 ('thought', '/ˈθɔːt/'),
 ('hard', '/ˈhɑːrd/'),
 ('pair', '/ˈpɛər/'),
 ('comma', '/ˈkɒmə/'),
 ('goat', '/ˈɡəʊt/'),
 ('stir', '/ˈstɜːr/'),
 ('bear', '/ˈbɛər/'),
 ('act', '/ˈækt/'),
 ('pay', '/ˈpeɪ/'),
 ('no', '/nəʊ/'),
 ('coy', '/ˈkɔɪ/'),
 ('face', '/ˈfeɪs/'),
 ('sky', '/ˈskaɪ/')]

---
## [Mr-Ruben/my-sear-data](https://github.com/Mr-Ruben/my-sear-data)@[6a140c2db6...](https://github.com/Mr-Ruben/my-sear-data/commit/6a140c2db6252b485f38afa2d0921d6724f61e97)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 11:14:20 by Mr Ruben

Added lots of en-GB modules

L="""
Short Vowels: A
act  gas bat

Short Vowels: E
beg  gem  wet

Short Vowels: I
bin  sin  zip

Short Vowels: O
cop God  pot

Short Vowels: U
bun sun   rub

Short vowels
kit dress trap lot foot comma strut

Long vowels: IR 
nurse   stir   learn

Long vowels: OR
law   war   thought

Long vowels: AR
father   start   hard

Long vowels: E
eat   meet   fleece

Long vowels: U/OO
goose   boot   blue 

j-diphthongs
fleece face price choice

w-diphthongs
mouth goat goose

r-liaison vowels
near square start north pure nurse

Diphthong:  /ɪə/
beer   pier   hear

Diphthong:  /ʊə/ 
tour   poor

Diphthong:  /eə/ 
bear   pair  hair

Diphthong:  /eɪ/ 
day  pay  say

Diphthong:  /ɔɪ/ 
boy  toy  coy

Diphthong:  /aɪ/ 
sky  buy   cry

Diphthong:  /əʊ/ 
boat  no  show

Diphthong:  /aʊ/ 
mouth  now  fowl
"""

---
## [majestrate/loki-network](https://github.com/majestrate/loki-network)@[4c1a97a217...](https://github.com/majestrate/loki-network/commit/4c1a97a2179e498241c3e84e122029a98f6fc71d)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 11:35:35 by Jeff Becker

fix up some retarded bullshit

* llarp::service::NameIsValid was not checking that the tld was .loki, add this check.
* make link layer initial connection timeout 5s not the session activity timeout which happens to be 60 god damn seconds.

---
## [ZxbCs/Hackintosh](https://github.com/ZxbCs/Hackintosh)@[e8da331353...](https://github.com/ZxbCs/Hackintosh/commit/e8da331353ddbc965fb66220a302e430eafc441f)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 12:29:06 by ZxbCs

Hackintosh-OpenCore-GA-Z77X-UD5H-3770K-HD4000

Hackintosh-OpenCore-GA-Z77X-UD5H-3770K-HD4000
OpenCore EFI folder and support files for the following hardware:
Motherboard: Gigabyte GA-Z77X-UD5H, rev. 1.1, BIOS F16j. Manual
Processor: Intel Core i7 3770K,
Graphics: Integrated Intel HD4000
Wifi/BT: Fenvi FV-T919 (Broadcom BCM94360CD)
Current version is OpenCore 0.5.6-DEBUG built with OCBuilder

config.plist was modified by following the OpenCore Vanilla Desktop Guide, however, that guide is already slightly out of date at the time of this writing and doesn't reflect all the options available in 0.5.6. Recommended to also follow along with Configuration.pdf included in OpenCore Docs folder.

This EFI folder is working for my build but you should not expect it to work for you 100%, even with the same hardware. For example, small BIOS setting changes may change behavior & depending on which ports your internal USB headers are plugged into on the motherboard will change how the SSDT-UIAC.aml works. It's important to understand what all the files and config settings do so please use this folder as a reference and build your own following the docs described above.

ISSUES:
BIOS clock won't stay in sync with MacOS. I can set it manually to the correct time, however as soon as it boots into an OS, MacOS or Windows, it resets itself to be +8 hours ahead of local time.
I'm not able to boot into the Recovery partition. Still trying to find a solution.
OpenCore has a known bug affecting 3rd party SATA controllers. The onboard Marvell 88SE9172 SATA Controller, as well as a PCI connected ASM1062, do not work correctly. If any drives (bootable EFI or data only) are connected to these controllers, OpenCore will stall after "connecting drivers" step and take about 4 minutes to reach picker menu. Any bootable volumes on those ports will fail to boot. The controllers appear as "Generic AHCI Controller" in System Information. This problem is not present in Clover so there must be a solution. For now my drives are connected to the Intel Z77 6Gb/s SATA ports (SATA 0/1, white ports on motherboard)
All my issues have been worked out between the 0.5.4 - 0.5.6 releases! These devs are great!

UPDATES:
2/13/20 - I updated from 0.5.4 to 0.5.6 and found that both the serious issues I was experiencing were solved (can't boot to recovery, and cant boot with drives attached to Marvell SATA controller). I took the opportunity to turn off verbose boot and logging because I have no problems. Nice.

1/15/20 - WiFi, Bluetooth, & USB PortMap: I recently changed from an old TP-Link wifi card (Atheros AR9380) that was acting glitchy and required an injected kext, to a Fenvi FV-T919 (Broadcom BCM94360CD) for better native MacOS support. The T919 works out of the box and enables some nice features like Handoff and Airdrop from iOS. Unfortunately I started experiencing an issue where the computer would immediately wake up after I put it to sleep (an issue I didn't have with my old D-Link BT2.1 dongle). Also, since the T919 Bluetooth connects to the MOBO via internal USB header, adding this card put me over the 15-port USB limit so I was forced to use USBInjectAll.kext. This kext slows down boot time and I've read it is not an ideal long term solution so I decided to follow Rehabman's excellent guide to USB port mapping Now I have a good working SSDT-UIAC.aml file that enables all back panel ports, two front panel USB3 ports, and the Bluetooth card. I have disabled USBInjectAll.kext in my config but it remains in the kext folder in case it's needed in the future. I had to set the internal Blutooth port's 'USBConnector' type to 255 in SSDT-UIAC.aml and uncheck "Allow Bluetooth devices to wake this computer" (System Preferences > Bluetooth > Advanced) to solve the sleep issue. Before the new Bluetooth card, I found no USB mapping necessary to run all the back-panel USB and two front-panel USB3 ports.

DSDT: I ran with no DSDT for a long time (thanks to Gigabyte's good hackintosh compatibility) but decided to make a modified DSDT (with MaciASL) to change a couple of parameters that helped with making the USB PortMap (EHC1 > EH01, EHC2 > EH02, XHCI > XHC, XHC1 > XHC). I found this guide useful.

GUIDE:
I will add more here later:

SSDT-EC will need to be uniquely generated for your CPU if not running an i7 3770K. Use PikerAlpha's ssdtGen script

The config is currently set to heavy logging on screen and to file. This slows down the boot time signifcantly. I will remove logging commands once I solve a couple of issues.

Please let me know if you find bugs or enhancements!

CREDITS:
Acidanthera for OpenCore, MaciASL
Kronokernel for the OpenCore Vanilla Desktop Guide
Pavo-IM for OCBuilder
RehabMan for the USB port mapping guide
corpnewt for ProperTree
Piker-Alpha for ssdtGen.sh
MaLd0n for help with DSDT patches and useful guides on the Olarila.com Forum\

OTHER RESOURCES:
Reddit Hackintosh
tonymacx86 forum
InsanelyMac OSx86 Project Forum

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[ca5d24c652...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/ca5d24c652ccfd76141da91bb4cd1bac8f1f0df1)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 12:38:45 by nia

add games/valyriatear

Valyria Tear is an open-source single-player medieval-fantasy 2D J-RPG based
on an extended Hero of Allacrost engine and inspired by classic console
RPGs.

The player incarnates Bronann, a young boy forced to take part into the
struggle for the possession of a mysterious crystal. This powerful artifact
will lead him to discover the actual threat set upon his world, but also
courage and love.

The game has all the features you can expect from JRPG classics: entertaining
story development, colourful map exploration, active side-view battles,
character management, puzzles... It is also translated in several languages.

---
## [GhermanCristian/Sem4_AI](https://github.com/GhermanCristian/Sem4_AI)@[3783fc340a...](https://github.com/GhermanCristian/Sem4_AI/commit/3783fc340a851ce3f6fa4df3e2daa758a1575846)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 13:44:11 by GhermanCristian

Lab 4
- Fixed weird merge conflict (fuck you intellij)

---
## [cacko/yii2-widget-video](https://github.com/cacko/yii2-widget-video)@[db37be5108...](https://github.com/cacko/yii2-widget-video/commit/db37be5108e21cdfda85dbed16d101a4571ce720)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 14:13:20 by cacko

Update README.md

Derpy hooves

A full commitment's what I'm thinking of

I am Root. We are Root.

what the hell happened here

Programming the flux capacitor

Peopleware Chapter 8: "You Never Get Anything Done around Here between 9 and 5."

Made it to compile...

I had a cup of tea and now it's fixed

Nitpicking about alphabetizing methods, minor OCD thing

Handled a particular error.

DNS_PROBE_FINISHED_NXDOMAIN

Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you

It's possible! you can turn a 50-line code chunk into just 3 lines. Here's how

Herping the fucking derp right here and now.

---
## [cacko/yii2-widgets](https://github.com/cacko/yii2-widgets)@[0f02a8a874...](https://github.com/cacko/yii2-widgets/commit/0f02a8a874193e074f559eec9139f125cd8aad63)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 14:18:06 by Cac Ko

pick

Reset error count between rows. herpderp

Is there an achievement for this?

pep8 fixer

oops - thought I got that one.

TODO: Tell someone to implement this

Revert "just testing, remember to revert"

J, WE WENT OVER THIS. C++ IO SUCKS.

Fixed a bug cause Christian said to

pep8 - cause I fell like doing a barrel roll

Never gonna give, never gonna give

.

Revert "fuckup".

Merge pull request #67 from Lazersmoke/fix-andys-shit Fix andys shit

it's friday

fix /sigh

Never gonna run around and desert you

Removed test case since code didn't pass QA

Yes, I was being sarcastic.

This is not a commit

Make Sure You Are Square With Your God Before Trying To Merge This

It works on my computer

Popping stash

forgot we're not using a smart language

Check next commit for message.

To those I leave behind, good luck!

this is why docs are important

Never gonna let you down

harharhar

Committing in accordance with the prophecy.

include shit

need another beer

I don't give a damn 'bout my reputation

It's Working!

640K ought to be enough for anybody

last minute fixes.

Friday 5pm

Minor updates

This is not the commit message you are looking for

removing unit tests

various changes

I __ a word

Fixed everything.

Why The Fuck?

does it work? maybe. will I check? no.

You know the rules and so do I

It Compiles! 50 Points For Gryffindor.

It works!

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[839e40ee95...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/839e40ee9567ace1abad7a2e6c98f05ae26912c8)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 15:00:37 by death and coding

 [modular] [ready] [FUCK](probably) (GOD I HOPE SO)added brig medic and sarg to locked item lists in loadout (#4637)

* RIGHT

* Update tgstation.dme

* blankamania

* Meson eyepatch

* unfucked maybe

* UHHHUHHHH

* OK LETS TRY THIS DIRTY ASS SHIT

* Revert "Meson eyepatch"

This reverts commit 5a044712ac2f0e4509d028308a42748df01dba90.

* fuck it

* Update tgstation.dme

---
## [MadDog443/CUData](https://github.com/MadDog443/CUData)@[a09aeadbd4...](https://github.com/MadDog443/CUData/commit/a09aeadbd4262f3ff8403ab8aa6bea5713fc4fc4)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 15:04:53 by MadDog443

WIP Rail Update

To whom made the Goldcrest <> Sovia rail line, fuck you.

---
## [patxxi/programacion_matematica](https://github.com/patxxi/programacion_matematica)@[40a85f2440...](https://github.com/patxxi/programacion_matematica/commit/40a85f2440d12d4decc898799afc10c1d6d29c74)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 17:56:52 by Frnacisco

i fucking hate octave, holy fucking moly, AND ALSO FUCK THIS FUCKING METHOD IM DONE UGH

---
## [queer/GFYPL](https://github.com/queer/GFYPL)@[dd96244328...](https://github.com/queer/GFYPL/commit/dd96244328511e3a6adfc01c71f9ab70f2c79de4)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 18:22:20 by hYdos

more go fuck yourself & more detailed license (#3)

---
## [itsmexxie/damncraft](https://github.com/itsmexxie/damncraft)@[49e8a7acbf...](https://github.com/itsmexxie/damncraft/commit/49e8a7acbff358261abd0cf4564c5d24b196e681)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 20:19:45 by Tomáš Plášek

Installer v1.1.1 - Removed some functionality because it doesn't work with pkg so fuck you

---
## [CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole)@[bcf5115408...](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole/commit/bcf51154087d407ae63bdcda24effd29c08b3fd9)
#### Sunday 2021-04-04 23:04:50 by frick-nedrickson

Add in 3D Box and Barrel items

I had coded in 3D items in theory, but hadn't put them in to practice
yet. I figured we'll do 3D objects eventually, just didn't know when.
But we did need SOME sort of test.

So, I created two maps in TrenchBroom - one of a barrel, the other of
a box, and then imported those into Godot. I really do love
TrenchBroom, it makes these modelling exercises a cakewalk. To texture
them, I grabbed more open source game art off opengameart.org. I'm
really grateful that it's there, though the parentage of these
resource packs can be pretty complicated.

I then slapped them in the scene, and the work pretty well so far. Not
sure what I want to do about collision exactly. The box and barrel are
large enough that it's weird when objects don't collide with them but
right now they kind of fly off the map when colliding with an NPC.
Hilarious but not exactly good for a game, is it?

---

# [<](2021-04-03.md) 2021-04-04 [>](2021-04-05.md)

