# [<](2021-04-22.md) 2021-04-23 [>](2021-04-24.md)

2,793,273 events, 1,416,868 push events, 2,286,214 commit messages, 177,398,620 characters


## [vlaci/nix-doom-emacs](https://github.com/vlaci/nix-doom-emacs)@[d001826200...](https://github.com/vlaci/nix-doom-emacs/commit/d001826200a8e4c18b68c4ef78bd0239bffd4247)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 00:29:49 by github-actions[bot]

test/doom.d/init.el: Updating from hlissner/doom-emacs - f621ff80

### Changes for test/doom.d/init.el

```diff
--- 
+++ 
@@ -111,7 +111,8 @@
 
        :lang
        ;;agda              ; types of types of types of types...
-       ;;cc                ; C/C++/Obj-C madness
+       ;;beancount         ; mind the GAAP
+       ;;cc                ; C > C++ == 1
        ;;clojure           ; java with a lisp
        ;;common-lisp       ; if you've seen one lisp, you've seen them all
        ;;coq               ; proofs-as-programs
@@ -124,6 +125,7 @@
        emacs-lisp        ; drown in parentheses
        ;;erlang            ; an elegant language for a more civilized age
        ;;ess               ; emacs speaks statistics
+       ;;factor
        ;;faust             ; dsp, but you get to keep your soul
        ;;fsharp            ; ML stands for Microsoft's Language
        ;;fstar             ; (dependent) types and (monadic) effects and Z3
@@ -138,9 +140,8 @@
        ;;julia             ; a better, faster MATLAB
        ;;kotlin            ; a better, slicker Java(Script)
        ;;latex             ; writing papers in Emacs has never been so fun
-       ;;lean
-       ;;factor
-       ;;ledger            ; an accounting system in Emacs
+       ;;lean              ; for folks with too much to prove
+       ;;ledger            ; be audit you can be
        ;;lua               ; one-based indices? one-based indices
        markdown          ; writing docs for people to ignore
        ;;nim               ; python + lisp at the speed of c
@@ -159,7 +160,7 @@
        ;;(ruby +rails)     ; 1.step {|i| p "Ruby is #{i.even? ? 'love' : 'life'}"}
        ;;rust              ; Fe2O3.unwrap().unwrap().unwrap().unwrap()
        ;;scala             ; java, but good
-       ;;scheme            ; a fully conniving family of lisps
+       ;;(scheme +guile)   ; a fully conniving family of lisps
        sh                ; she sells {ba,z,fi}sh shells on the C xor
        ;;sml
        ;;solidity          ; do you need a blockchain? No.
@@ -167,6 +168,7 @@
        ;;terra             ; Earth and Moon in alignment for performance.
        ;;web               ; the tubes
        ;;yaml              ; JSON, but readable
+       ;;zig               ; C, but simpler
 
        :email
        ;;(mu4e +gmail)

```

---
## [willior/Action_RPG_1](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1)@[fd6b209416...](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1/commit/fd6b209416ae0da444cb9d9bd3a0071765931a6b)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 01:26:20 by willior

implemented magic stat to work with spells/drop rate; spells level up

values are not final obviously. algorithms are hard to design but the basic functions are working, basically just have to plug in proper/balanced values at this point.
spells also level up. i made spell experience accumulate 5x faster than what it will be in the final game. needs a lot of testing/balancing.
i will need to write a function that can get the name of the formula used and apply the appropriate experience/levelling methods based on that. right now, it is hard coded per spell: 10 lines of code per spell to distribute xp (FormulaStats.gd). with a large number of spells that will be a pain to modify, so i might need a real programmer's help to come up with a function that can do what i want from knowing just the name of the spell alone. it should be extremely simple, i just can't think right now because brain fried.

---
## [alexhb1/mapUON](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON)@[f48f2df4d3...](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON/commit/f48f2df4d33abbacb6fcba9b9599e7ddaa42b567)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 02:03:13 by PennSylvannia

Desert Update

Alright you chuckle fucks
Nylos got snapped
added tungatunga land
added some shit for other people
questioned life with the hyper lanes
made a rum and coke
time to see if this update works from desert internet

---
## [mikeperry-tor/vanguards](https://github.com/mikeperry-tor/vanguards)@[97ac8afc05...](https://github.com/mikeperry-tor/vanguards/commit/97ac8afc05cc906f09d07071b828f1b882cc02d5)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 02:53:06 by Mike Perry

Let's give Putin a little more credit for riding that bear...

Not that I give a fuck about that piece of shit, or the NSA,
but you know what? Fuck the NOBUS. Here comes everybody.

Yours very sincerly,
The 23rd Discordian Hippie from Hell

(Probably. I lost count somewhere along The Way).

---
## [Angry-Pineapple3121/Alternatives](https://github.com/Angry-Pineapple3121/Alternatives)@[151ee63b87...](https://github.com/Angry-Pineapple3121/Alternatives/commit/151ee63b8728a5a78a08505acf737a75586fc234)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 03:10:59 by Angry-Pineapple3121

oh god sbe, you're fucked now

add proof of them literally copy pasting shit from patcher (really????)

---
## [Makowo/PAYDAY-2-BeardLib](https://github.com/Makowo/PAYDAY-2-BeardLib)@[c867ca76ce...](https://github.com/Makowo/PAYDAY-2-BeardLib/commit/c867ca76cec37444634cc91d6856fcfa372a2b90)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 03:33:03 by Mako

jank

god it works but i fucking hate it

why does the coroutine in StoreDownloadedAssets exist? it stops this from working

---
## [ElliottLu2480/ElliottLu2480.github.io](https://github.com/ElliottLu2480/ElliottLu2480.github.io)@[c3f63f33fe...](https://github.com/ElliottLu2480/ElliottLu2480.github.io/commit/c3f63f33fe5fd843c34400815dccc8d8c86ca9ca)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 07:37:14 by ElliottLu2480

Create .Rhistory

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8">
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
        <meta name="author" content="Luther Elliott">
        <title>Awesome science application correspondence</title>
        <style>
            html {
                font-size:16px;
            }
            body [
                max-width: 800px;
                margin: 0 auto;
            ]
            .sender-column {
                text-align: right;
            }
            hl [
                font-size: 1.5rem;
            ]
            h2 {
                font-size: 1.3rem;
            }
            p,ul,ol,dl,address {
                font-size: 1.1rem;
            }
            p, li, dd, dt, address {
                line-height: 1.5;
            }
            address {
                font-style:normal;
                margin:1rem 0;
            }
        <style>
    </head>
    <body>
    Dr. Eleanor Gaye
Awesome Science faculty
University of Awesome
Bobtown, CA 99999,
USA
Tel: 123-456-7890
Email: no_reply@example.com

20 January 2016

Miss Eileen Dover
4321 Cliff Top Edge
Dover, CT9 XXX
UK

Re: Eileen Dover university application

Dear Eileen,

Thank you for your recent application to join us at the University of Awesome's science faculty to study as part of your PhD next year. I will answer your questions one by one, in the following sections.

Starting dates

We are happy to accommodate you starting your study with us at any time, however it would suit us better if you could start at the beginning of a semester; the start dates for each one are as follows:

First semester: 9 September 2016
Second semester: 15 January 2017
Third semester: 2 May 2017

Please let me know if this is ok, and if so which start date you would prefer.

You can find more information about important university dates on our website.

Subjects of study

At the Awesome Science Faculty, we have a pretty open-minded research facility — as long as the subjects fall somewhere in the realm of science and technology. You seem like an intelligent, dedicated researcher, and just the kind of person we'd like to have on our team. Saying that, of the ideas you submitted we were most intrigued by are as follows, in order of priority:

Turning H2O into wine, and the health benefits of Resveratrol (C14H12O3.)
Measuring the effect on performance of funk bassplayers at temperatures exceeding 30°C (86°F), when the audience size exponentially increases (effect of 3 × 103 increasing to 3 × 104.)
HTML and CSS constructs for representing musical scores.

So please can you provide more information on each of these subjects, including how long you'd expect the research to take, required staff and other resources, and anything else you think we'd need to know? Thanks.

Exotic dance moves

Yes, you are right! As part of my post-doctorate work, I did study exotic tribal dances. To answer your question, my favourite dances are as follows, with definitions:

Polynesian chicken dance
A little known but very influential dance dating back as far as 300BC, a whole village would dance around in a circle like chickens, to encourage their livestock to be "fruitful".
Icelandic brownian shuffle
Before the Icelanders developed fire as a means of getting warm, they used to practice this dance, which involved huddling close together in a circle on the floor, and shuffling their bodies around in imperceptibly tiny, very rapid movements. One of my fellow students used to say that he thought this dance inspired modern styles such as Twerking.
Arctic robot dance
An interesting example of historic misinformation, English explorers in the 1960s believed to have discovered a new dance style characterized by "robotic", stilted movements, being practiced by inhabitants of Northern Alaska and Canada. Later on however it was discovered that they were just moving like this because they were really cold.

For more of my research, see my exotic dance research page.

Yours sincerely,
Dr Eleanor Gaye

University of Awesome motto: "Be awesome to each other." -- Bill S Preston, Esq
    </body>
</html

---
## [EyalRuf/GameLab-TMG](https://github.com/EyalRuf/GameLab-TMG)@[9f60023cb1...](https://github.com/EyalRuf/GameLab-TMG/commit/9f60023cb16e10fd0c1a4dc34d3abbc48664ac04)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 09:05:55 by Pelle Bruinsma

Merge pull request #85 from EyalRuf/pelle

Coconut network fuck you

---
## [lache-melvin/dotfiles](https://github.com/lache-melvin/dotfiles)@[50383d42cd...](https://github.com/lache-melvin/dotfiles/commit/50383d42cd439e3017373be999c6a90360fcb42f)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 09:28:24 by Lache Melvin

ignore the rust target folder in lt alias (remember that youve done this lache i have a pressing sense youre going to get confused about a missing target folder at some point just dont do that ok plz ty love you)

---
## [newstools/2021-the-daily-sun](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-daily-sun)@[e2653aeb28...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-daily-sun/commit/e2653aeb28d48d7b6923ecfdb6e81b9074263a4d)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 09:41:23 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.dailysun.co.za/Celebs/aka-speaks-i-have-lost-the-love-of-my-life-20210423]

---
## [rprinceley/proj](https://github.com/rprinceley/proj)@[5d22d137b1...](https://github.com/rprinceley/proj/commit/5d22d137b1be282bdc14c1d12ab8f669f58d41a6)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 10:23:49 by Charles Karney

Update Mercator projection

Introduction
------------

The existing formulation for the Mercator projection is
"satisfactory"; it is reasonably accurate.  However for a core
projection like Mercator, I think we should strive for full double
precision accuracy.

This commit uses cleaner, more accurate, and faster methods for
computing the forward and inverse projections.  These use the
formulation in terms of hyperbolic functions that are manifestly odd
in latitude

    psi = asinh(tan(phi)) - e * atanh(e  * sin(phi))

(phi = latitude; psi = isometric latitude = Mercator y coordinate).
Contrast this with the existing formulation

    psi = log(tan(pi/4 - phi/2))
          - e/2 * log((1 + e * sin(phi)) / (1 - e * sin(phi)))

where psi(-phi) isn't exactly equal to -psi(phi) and psi(0) isn't
guaranteed to be 0.

Implementation
--------------

There's no particular issue implementing the forward projection, just
apply the formulas above.  The inverse projection is tricky because
there's no closed form solution for the inverse.  The existing code
for the inverse uses an iterative method from Snyder.  This is the
usual hokey function iteration, and, as usual, the convergence rate is
linear (error reduced by a constant factor on each iteration).  This
is OK (just) for low accuracy work.  But nowadays, something with
quadratic convergence (e.g., Newton's method, number of correct digits
doubles on each iteration) is preferred (and used here).  More on this
later.

The solution for phi(psi) I use is described in my TM paper and I
lifted the specific formulation from GeographicLib's Math::tauf, which
uses the same underlying machinery for all conformal projections.  It
solves for tan(phi) in terms of sinh(psi) which as a near identity
mapping is ideal for Newton's method.

For comparison I also look at the approach adopted by Poder + Engsager
in their TM paper and implemented in etmerc.  This uses trigonometric
series (accurate to n^6) to convert phi <-> chi.  psi is then given by

    psi = asinh(tan(chi))

Accuracy
--------

I tested just the routines for transforming phi <-> psi from merc.cpp
and measured the errors (converted to true nm = nanometers) for the
forward and inverse mapping.  I also included in my analysis the
method used by etmerc.  This uses a trigonometric series to convert
phi <-> chi = atan(sinh(psi)), the conformal latitude.

		forward      inverse
		max  rms     max    rms
    old merc    3.60 0.85 2189.47 264.81
      etmerc    1.82 0.38    1.42   0.37
    new merc    1.83 0.30    2.12   0.31

1 nm is pretty much the absolute limit for accuracy in double
precision (1 nm = 10e6 m / 2^53, approximately), and 5 nm is probably
the limit on what you should routinely expect.  So the old merc
inverse is considerably less accurate that it could be.  The old merc
forward is OK on accuracy -- except that if does not preserve the
parity of the projection.

The accuracy of etmerc is fine (the truncation error of the 6th order
series is small compared with the round-off error).  However,
situation reverses as the flattening is increased.  E.g., at f =
1/150, the max error for the inverse projection is 8 nm.  etmerc is OK
for terrestrial applications, but couldn't be used for Mars.

Timing
------

Here's what I get with g++ -O3 on various Linux machines with recent
versions of g++.  As always, you should take these with a grain of
salt.  You might expect the relative timings to vary by 20% or so when
switching between compilers/machines.  Times per call in ns =
nanoseconds.

               forward inverse
    old merc     121      360
      etmerc    4e-6      1.4
    new merc      20      346

The new merc method is 6 times faster at the forward projection and
modestly faster at the inverse projection (despite being more
accurate).  The latter result is because it only take 2 iterations of
Newton's method to get full accuracy compared with an average of 5
iterations for the old method to get only um accuracy.

A shocking aspect of these timings is how fast etmerc is.  Another is
that forward etmerc is streaks faster that inverse etmerc (it made be
doubt my timing code).  Evidently, asinh(tan(chi)) is a lot faster to
compute than atan(sinh(psi)).  The hesitation about adopting etmerc
then comes down to:

  * the likelihood that Mercator may be used for non-terrestrial
    bodies;

  * the question of whether the timing benefits for the etmerc method
    would be noticeable in a realistic application;

  * need to duplicate the machinery for evaluating the coefficients
    for the series and for Clenshaw summation in the current code
    layout.

Ripple effects
==============

The Mercator routines used the the Snyder method, pj_tsfn and pj_phi2,
are used in other projections.  These relate phi to t = exp(-psi) (a
rather bizarre choice in my book).  I've retrofitted these to use the
more accurate methods.  These do the "right thing" for phi in [-pi/2,
pi/2] , t in [0, inf], and e in [0, 1).  NANs are properly handled.

Of course, phi = pi/2 in double precision is actually less than pi/2,
so cos(pi/2) > 0.  So no special handling is needed for pi/2.  Even if
angles were handled in such a way that 90deg were exactly represented,
these routines would still "work", with, e.g., tan(pi/2) -> inf.

(A caution: with long doubles = a 64-bit fraction, we have cos(pi/2) <
0; and now we would need to be careful.)

As a consequence, there no need for error handling in pj_tsfn; the
HUGE_VAL return has gone and, of course, HUGE_VAL is a perfectly legal
input to tsfn's inverse, phi2, which would return -pi/2.  This "error
handling" was only needed for e = 1, a case which is filtered out
upstream.  I will note that bad argument handling is much more natural
using NAN instead of HUGE_VAL.  See issue #2376

I've renamed the error condition for non-convergence of the inverse
projection from "non-convergent inverse phi2" to "non-convergent
sinh(psi) to tan(phi)".

Now that pj_tsfn and pj_phi2 now return "better" results, there were
some malfunctions in the projections that called them, specifically
gstmerc, lcc, and tobmerc.

  * gstmerc invoked pj_tsfn(phi, sinphi, e) with a value of sinphi
    that wasn't equal to sin(phi).  Disaster followed.  I fixed this.
    I also replaced numerous occurrences of "-1.0 * x" by "-x".
    (Defining a function with arguments phi and sinphi is asking for
    trouble.)

  * lcc incorrectly thinks that the projection isn't defined for
    standard latitude = +/- 90d.  This happens to be false (it reduces
    to polar stereographic in this limit).  The check was whether
    tsfn(phi) = 0 (which only tested for the north pole not the south
    pole).  However since tsfn(pi/2) now (correctly) returns a nonzero
    result, this test fails.  I now just test for |phi| = pi/2.  This
    is clearer and catches both poles (I'm assuming that the current
    implementation will probably fail in these cases).

  * tobmerc similarly thinks that phi close to +/- pi/2 can't be
    transformed even though psi(pi/2) is only 38.  I'm disincline to
    fight this.  However I did tighten up the failure condition
    (strict equality of |phi| == pi/2).

OTHER STUFF
===========

Testing
-------

builtins.gei: I tightened up the tests for merc (and while I was about
it etmerc and tmerc) to reflect full double precision accuracy.  My
test values are generated with MPFR enabled code and so should be
accurate to all digits given.  For the record, for GRS80 I use f =
1/298.2572221008827112431628366 in these calculations.

pj_phi2_test: many of the tests were bogus testing irrelevant input
parameters, like negative values of exp(-psi), and freezing in the
arbitrary behavior of phi2.  I've reworked most for the tests to be
semi-useful.  @schwehr can you review.

Documentation
-------------

I've updated merc.rst to outline the calculation of the inverse
projection.

phi2.cpp includes detailed notes about applying Newton's method to
find tan(phi) in terms of sinh(psi).

Future work
-----------

lcc needs some tender loving care.  It can easily (and should) be
modified to allow stdlat = +/- 90 (reduces to polar stereographic),
stdlat = 0 and stdlat_1 + stdlat_2 = 0 (reduces to Mercator).  A
little more elbow grease will allow the treatment of stdlat_1 close to
stdlat_2 using divided differences.  (See my implementation of the
LambertConformalConic class in GeographicLib.)

All the places where pj_tsfn and pj_phi2 are called need to be
reworked to cut out the use of Snyder's t = exp(-psi() variable and
instead use sinh(psi).

Maybe include the machinery for series conversions between all
auxiliary latitudes as "support functions".  Then etmerc could use
this (as could mlfn for computing meridional distance).  merc could
offer the etmerc style projection via chi as an option when the
flattening is sufficiently small.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[1717ba95d9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/1717ba95d907874f1eaace0aca918d5a58fc3d90)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 10:49:21 by Marko Grdinić

"1:55pm. Done with breakfast. Let me do the chores here.

2:20pm. Done with chores. I've pried myself off the RI novel, every chapter is a cliffhanger so I am tempted to keep reading, but I won't for the rest of the work hours according to my principles.

Nonetheless, even though I should be making that game suitable for consumption in parallel, I really don't feel like programming anymore for the day.

The past few weeks have given me a taste for graph algorithms, and I feel like doing reading today. I keep thinking back to the PGM course and book. I want to revisit it.

But first let me chill a bit more.

3:35pm. Yeah, I won't program today. I am thinking about it. I need to go over the nodes and the algorithms from the top and it is a huge drag to start that after the huge undertakings of the last few weeks, I need a break.

I had the idea for how to compile the game into union types before, but now I am elaborating how to implement the algorithms in terms of that, and things are a bit different.

I can no longer pack everything into a single algorithm, because I cannot just call the continuation. Instead I will have the sample, enumerate and update functions for each of the algorithms.

3:40pm. This will be an undertaking. It won't take me more than a day or two to do, and it will simplify things in the end.

After I put the algorithms in such a form I will be able to evaluate them in parallel which will be important for the GPU.

3:45pm. (book) Probabilistic Graphical Models Principles and Techniques.pdf

I don't know why I am so hungry to dive into this 1240 page book. It is just that I want to understand more. More and more.

4pm. Mixed with my admiration for the CFR algorithm is humiliation over not being able to derive it myself. Imagine if I could have derived it in high school and told myself: 'I could make millions with this.'

Back then, it was the golden age of online poker. Fish everywhere. Now the edges have thinned out, and everybody good is really good or using bots much like I will.

I missed so many opportunities due to my ignorance and lack of skill.

4:05pm. I've been riding high so far. I've relaxed and started enjoying life just for a bit, but now it is time to bring in the dark thoughts once again and get ready for the next part. I went through the apprentice phase of ML. ONce I do the next step, I will become a serious practitioner and graduate from being a hobbyist.

What I am doing now is what a sane person would have done right away in 2015.

It is a pity. It is like only the last two months of my journey have a tangible reality to them. The making of that ML library and Spiral was such a dream.

4:10pm. My desire was there, but my programming skills weren't. It is a pity.

I absolutely have to do this.

Society is not outright murderious at this stage, but it won't help me achieve greatness. I can count on those around me to put their boot on my face if I ever show having signs of inspiration. Everybody wants me to follow their rules rather than my own. I wish it was not so overbearing.

If they actual tried tempting me with benefits rather than treating me like it is my responsibility to follow their whims things would be different. Instead they just see it as my responsibility to enjoy things they enjoy.

The Singularity when it happens will be my transcendence, but for them, it will be a horrific tragedy. When I get my powers, I will make sure that normies end up as NPCs in my Games for the rest of time.

4:15pm. Righteous rules in the end are all a bunch of heuristics. Those who follow justice rarely can trace the path their impulses have taken to reach their current conclusion.

4:20pm. I am lonely after all.

This actually was not the case before 2014. Before that I was on the fence, I was not really sure whether the normie or the nerd side was the right one to be on.

I believed in technology and recognized its greatness, but I also saw a point to the normie perspective. After all games have only ever weakened me, so it might make sense to treat them and technology in general as a poison.

Yeah, they are great and the pinnacle of culture, but they aren't actual power otherwise I would have gotten real world benefits from them instead of being at the bottom of the social ladder. This kind of dissonance cause my interests being great and also making me weak is burden I had to shoulder. It ended up ingraining the goal of wanting to connect to some higher notion of power rather than just the immediate enjoyment provided by games.

I cannot believe in God mostly because religion is too stupid. The normie proves his inferiority by requiring the belief in obvious absurdities for the sake of social cohesion. Religion might be stupid, but it is not like there is anything wrong with the idea of power in its ultimate form - omnipotence. Why not pursue it?

After a decade and a half of thinking how to connect the notion of omnipotence to something tangible in reality, I was greatly surprised to actually succeed. But then afterwards, after I finished writing Simulacrum, I fell into despair.

Previously I pitied the normies for having their lives controlled by meaningless rules and thought of myself better despite my weakness. I had to pretend to be somewhat normal myself to the entent that it was necessary to live. Deep down, I guess that gave rise to hope that others are pretending as well.

But who am I kidding? Nobody can accept the truth of self improvement being iterative suicide. Is there a single human alive, but myself who would put himself through this process?

I am certainly not blessed with friends who would be on the same path as me.

I thought that after I managed to connect with power and alleviate my weakness, that I would feel less alienation from society. Instead the rift became unbridgeable.

It is painful.

I think the only thing I really wanted after I finished writing Simulacrum is people coming out and saying that they would pursue such a path. That would have felt refreshing.

But ultimately the matter of acceptance does not matter one bit.

If others cannot do it and insist on following absurd rules, then they are my enemies. If nobody can do it, then I will create those who can do it and they are the ones who will realize my ideals.

For me, even self improvement is a far off dream. Whereas once I had omnipotence connected it to reality thereby substituting it with self improvement as a goal, right now attaining a mastery of artificial intelligence is the ultimate goal.

4:40pm. After that I will turn to the real world and apply my newfound power to it. I will take out being passive from my behavioral choices. It will be either fight or flight. I will follow my own rules.

In the 10s, deep learning was in a ferocious ascent, but it feels like it has been a while since anything too significant happened. The cease fire won't continue forever. Interesting things will happen before long.

4:50pm. At the back of my mind, I am still rolling things around and trying to gather the motivation to actually do it.

The trouble is that the way things are currently implemented is optimal for the tabular players. The changes I will do are just a bunch of complications from that perspective.

5:20pm. I haven't really been focusing on the book, but I am starting to get into it.

More than making money, breaking to a higher skill level is more attractive to me.

I'll have to mix things up a little. I've been working nonstop so I should do a little bit of reading for a change.

Tomorrow, or the whenever I feel like it, I think I'll forget the practical considerations for the CFR algorithms I am implementing and implement the nodes and the parallel iteration in the abstract. I just don't feel into it and need to icebreak a little first. It will be a new thing and I'll have to wreck the old thing and all my hard work to do it.

6pm. 57/1265. This used to be so arcane to me, but now I can clearly map it to probabilistic programming instead of having is stay here as abstract giberish. This book is definitely made for a mathematician rather than a programmer. As a programmer, I need to put in extra effort in order to map this to concepts familiar to me.

This reading session is not too bad.

Tomorrow, I am definitely going to make more abstract graphs. I won't start with the games or agents. Instead I will go further back and attempt to implement what I need as union types. Then I will make combinator functions to deal with those union types.

7:15pm. 82/1265.

Let me stop here for the day. I am tired at this point. I've done a bit reading and a bit of thinking today. I'll do programming tomorrow. I'll move towards studying when the agents are training and acting in the background. Hopefully once things turn stable, my role will shift toward maintenance. I am tired of producing things constantly.

I think that depending on one's approach making money will either will be very simple or very complex.

Did coming to this point require such large steps? No, in a sane world I could have just picked a functional PL with a good ML library and implementing everything that way in a few months. Even in this world, I could have done it in Python, it would just have taken me a bit extra.

That I took the long road, I have only myself and my own lack of skill to blame.

I'll do it properly from here on out. Tomorrow, I will lay down the first brick. It won't be too long before I've completely mastered NNs + Leduc. After that it won't be too long before I've mastered the much bigger NL Holdem."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[8661d1e325...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8661d1e3257375712d372182e9222f38b30651eb)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 10:49:21 by Marko Grdinić

"10:20am. I got up 10m ago. Let me chill for a while and then I will start. I feel like reading the PGM book instead of programming. But my determination to do both has gone up.

Compared to 2015 I really understand the book a lot more. Though it is just as droning as I remember it.

10:50am. Let me start for real. I want more knowledge. I want to do a complete tour of ML eventually.

11:05am. 90/1265. This is actually pretty boring. I am tempted to start skimming until I get to the algorithms.

...Yeah, let me do that. I'll never get anywhere with this book if I read it top to bottom. The crystalizations of knowledge are always algorithms. I should start with them and work my way from there.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7bgrZjoRhM
Nonparametric Bayesian Methods: Models, Algorithms, and Applications I

This is an interesting series. I see that Mike Jordan is a lecturer in part 2. Let me drop the book for now. It is too long and droning. These lectures seem more like what I want. Let me give the first a try.

11:35am. https://youtu.be/I7bgrZjoRhM?t=1173

I'll admit I did not know about how the Beta distribution worked before.

You know, an idea occurs to me. Now that those predictive coding papers showed me how to generate targets, doesn't that open an opportunity for analytic methods. I could use Bayesian methods instead of NNs...

12:35pm. I am getting some inspiration even though I won't quite be able to put it together until much later. It is not on using Bayesian methods. I am thinking about the difference between the prior and the sampling distribution.

Consider regularization, the way it is done is to put in some penalty term, but consider that in the light of my replay buffer ideas. Instead of changing the targets themselves, would it not make more sense for it to reweight the samples instead?

Yeah, that is it. I've always thought that there is something wrong for the weights to outright decay. Bayesian priors can be used as regularization terms to help shape the buffer.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfLoxwjCGNY
Nonparametric Bayesian Methods: Models, Algorithms, and Applications II

Mike said this would not be big on algorithms, but it is fine.

There is an itch I want to scratch. It feels like I am on the cusp of a qualitative breakthrough in understanding, but I need more knowledge and more math, and I have the motivation to learn it.

12:40pm. CFR is a great algorithm that seemingly comes out of the blue. Great algorithms always have a reason for their greatness. Given an algorithm I should be able to reason backwards to what the principles involved in its derivation are.

12:45pm. I want to know more of everything that works well, and bring the insights together.

Let me stop here so I can have breakfast."

---
## [Vladimir-Mokanj/Spartox-2D-platform-puzzle-game](https://github.com/Vladimir-Mokanj/Spartox-2D-platform-puzzle-game)@[2d0d840808...](https://github.com/Vladimir-Mokanj/Spartox-2D-platform-puzzle-game/commit/2d0d84080860fe134dabfb54ea81922ff9894df8)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 11:34:48 by Vladimir Mokanj

v0.0.2.0 - 23.03.2021.

* This was a big update for me. I had to relearn the whole process from modeling->unwrapping->rigging->skinning->animation. Not only was the 3D suite, that I had used long time ago, different, I have also forgotten how to do the whole process. Took me a while to relearn the process as well as learn how to do these things in a different 3D suite (Blender). I still didn't complete all the tasks that I wrote in the project since it would take me an extra one-two weeks to do, so, I will do a few small updates with the rest of the promised features. The only thing that worries me is the texturing part, I am really bad at texturing. Besides having to relearn the 3D suite, everything else was also new to me. Learning how to implement resolution options (it's still wonky thought), how to make platforms be created dynamically (construction script), as well as learning how to create AI behave using behavior tree, black board and AI controller. I am truly pleased with how much I have learned during these past few weeks of inactivity on Git.

* I have removed two things that were either done or close to being done. First thing was the static turret, I was not pleased with how the model turned out to be so I want to remodel it before implementing it. Second thing was everything related to AI (classes, behavior tree, black board, AI controller) because it isn't behaving how I wanted it to behave so I won't implement it before it is functioning properly (mainly because it is taking me a while to learn how to create it properly. Sorry about that.

* During the next few days I will improve Readme as well as write Wiki for this game. Inside Wiki there will be detailed explanation of game features, AI, and explanation on how to implement more platforms in the game with ease.

1) Implemented resolution option - It is only a prototype at this point. It also doesn't update values when player exits options (only visually doesn't update them). Current resolution options include:
  1.1) Fullscreen mode - stretches the game to fully cover the monitor. Windowed option will be hidden if player has selected fullscreen mode.
  1.2) Fullscreen (windowed) mode - stretches the game to fully cover the monitor screen, but player can move the mouse to second monitor without alt-tabbing the game. Windowed option will be hidden if player has selected fullscreen (windowed) mode. Think this one doesn't work as it should.
  1.3) Windowed mode - stretches the game depending on selected resolution option. Windowed options have many different resolution aspect ratios.
    1.3.1) 4:3 aspect ratios - 1600x1200, 1024x768
    1.3.2) 16:9 aspect ratios - 1920x1080, 1280x720
    1.3.3) 16:10 aspect ratios - 1920x1200, 1440x900, 1280x800
    1.3.4) 5:4 aspect ratios - 1280x1024
2) Added new sand platform - Completely new block. Fully modeled, textured and programmed for use.
3) Reworked player jump collision - Jump collision used to have three line traces going from player pawn (from most left side, from middle and from most right side to the bottom). This worked well in theory but when the bullet waling was implemented it made it so that the player sometimes doesn't jump because no line traces hit the bullet. Instead of having three line traces on every jump, I made it so it has only one line trace going from most bottom left side of the player pawn to most bottom right side of the player pawn to check if there was a hit or not.
4) Reworked player movement collision - Movement collision used to have three line traces going from player pawn (from the most top left/right side, from middle and from the most bottom left/right side). This, again, worked well in theory but when the pawn who is immune to bullets collided with the bullet it did very funky things. Like with jump collision rework, I made it so it has only one line trace going from most top left/right side of the player pawn to most bottom left/right side of the player pawn to check if there was a hit or not.
5) Reworked platform creation - Platforms have now been split into two classes, this will make it easier in the future to add new platforms depending on it's use in level design. These new platforms are split into:
  5.1) BasePlatform - Static type of platform. It's mesh, and collision box, are defined in constructor and level designer can create these platforms only one by one. These platforms include:
    5.1.1) BlueSpawnPlatform - Spawns blue player pawn (spawning player has value of 0 in Y-Axis. So be careful where you place the platform).
    5.1.2) RedSpawnPlatform - Spawns red player pawn (spawning player has value of 0 in Y-Axis. So be careful where you place the platform).
    5.1.3) EndLevelPlatform - Used for defining where the end of the level is.
    5.1.4) HelpPlatform - Used to tell player that there is useful info in front of this platform. This is placed behind other platforms.
  5.2) BaseBuildingPlatform - Dynamic type of platform. It only has it's root defined in constructor. It is dynamic because it's created during runtime, inside blueprint's construction script. They are created by using "NewObject" and creating multiple ChildActorComponents and a single CollisionBox. This allows level designer to construct multiple platforms next to each other without the need to move the platforms one by one. Level designer can play with these options: number of platforms, are platforms vertical, platform scale, platform type and random rotation of the platforms. Dynamic platforms can have the next types:
    5.2.1) DirtPlatform - Child of BaseBuildingPlatform.
    5.2.2) StonePlatform - Child of BaseBuildingPlatform.
    5.2.3) SandPlatform - Child of BaseBuildingPlatform.
6) Added a movable character - Completely modeled, rigged, skinned and animated model of a low poly Stone Giant.
7) Fixed interaction with the bullet - Interaction depend on which player pawn is being hit by the bullet.
  7.1) Red player pawn - If the bullet is hitting the red player pawn the bullet will be destroyed. If Red player pawn is on top of the bullet it will not be destroyed. Hence, red player is able to "ride" the said bullet.
  7.2) Blue player pawn - If the bullet is hitting the blue player pawn, at any side, the level will be reset. Blue player pawn is not allowed to "ride" the bullet. Previously, this was allowed because of my oversight.
8) Fixed interaction with destructible objects - previously if the player jumps on same colored block there aw a chance that the block won't be instantaneously destroyed. This allowed for the player to jump on the same colored block multiple times. It shouldn't happen anymore.
9) Little things - A lot of little things have been changed for the better.
  9.1) All platforms have been reworked a bit. They have also been imported at a slight world offset so that I didn't have to write "setworldoffset" piece of code for every platform. This makes it easier for every new platform as well and it is better optimized this way.
  9.2) Level_02 - moved BlueSpawnPlatform and RedSpawnPlatform at their original position. I was testing them before the last release and forgot to move them back at their original place.
  9.3) Removed ToggleMenuWidget - was not necessary to have it before. I thought that I would need it for an easier access to in game menu but I was wrong. Using reflection system now to directly access the ToggleMenu_WBP.
  9.4) Player size - Reduced player scale from 1 to 0.75.

* Sorry for taking so long to do this, it was an intense couple of weeks for me. There is more to come!

---
## [JonKali9/Password-Critic](https://github.com/JonKali9/Password-Critic)@[3d392d6ae3...](https://github.com/JonKali9/Password-Critic/commit/3d392d6ae3f96bb4935e1cbea96229b53e923dc0)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 13:38:05 by JonKali

Finished CSS (AGGHHGHGHGHGH JESUS FUCKING CHRIST DO I HATE CSS FOR THE LOVE OF CHRIST)

---
## [AospExtended/platform_vendor_aosp](https://github.com/AospExtended/platform_vendor_aosp)@[1411c2631b...](https://github.com/AospExtended/platform_vendor_aosp/commit/1411c2631b0f72dfc9c4d40080b7c8a8f881abb3)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 16:47:38 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Arghya Chanda <arghyac35@gmail.com>

notch-city: Refactor package name

Signed-off-by: ShubhamB <shubhamprince111@gmail.com>
Change-Id: Ieb8b35a3062c9334e82153a1dd26df3853db4f1f

---
## [brauner/linux](https://github.com/brauner/linux)@[ffa902b4da...](https://github.com/brauner/linux/commit/ffa902b4da08a5fee27d663392d925e882f5f153)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 17:00:46 by Christian Brauner

cgroup: add cgroup.signal

Introduce a new cgroup.signal file which is available in non-root
cgroups and allows to send signals to cgroups. As with all new cgroup
features this is recursive by default. This first implementation is
restricted to sending SIGKILL with the possibility to be extended to
other signals in the future which I think is very likely.

There are various use-cases of this interface. In container-land
assuming a conservative layout where a container is treated as a
separate machine each container usually has a delegated cgroup.

This means there is a 1:1 mapping between container and cgroup. If the
container in addition uses a separate pid namespace then killing a
container becomes a simple kill -9 <container-init-pid> from an ancestor
pid namespace.

However, there are quite a few scenarios where that isn't true. For
example, there are containers that share the cgroup with other processes
on purpose that are supposed to be bound to the lifetime of the
container but are not in the same pidns of the container. Containers
that are in a delegated cgroup but share the pid namespace with the host
or other containers.

Other use-cases arise for service management in systemd and potentially
userspace oom implementations.

I'm honestly a bit worried because this patch feels way to
straightforward right now and I've been holding it back because I fear I
keep missing obvious problems. In any case, here are the semantics and
the corner-cases that came to my mind and how I reasoned about them:
- Signals are specified by writing the signal number into cgroup.signal.
  An alternative would be to allow writing the signal name but I don't
  think that's worth it. Callers like systemd can easily do a snprintf()
  with the signal's define/enum.
- Since signaling is a one-time event and we're holding cgroup_mutex()
  as we do for freezer we don't need to worry about tasks joining the
  cgroup while we're signaling the cgroup. Freezer needed to care about
  this because a task could join or leave frozen/non-frozen cgroups.
  Since we only support SIGKILL currently and SIGKILL works for frozen
  tasks there's also not significant interaction with frozen cgroups.
- Since signaling leads to an event and not a state change the
  cgroup.signal file is write-only.
- Since we currently only support SIGKILL we don't need to generate a
  separate notification and can rely on the unpopulated notification
  meachnism. If we support more signals we can introduce a separate
  notification in cgroup.events.
- We skip signaling kthreads this also means a cgroup that has a kthread
  but receives a SIGKILL signal will not become empty and consequently
  no populated event will be generated. This could potentially be
  handled if we were to generate an event whenever we are finished
  sending a signal. I'm not sure that's worth it.
- Freezer doesn't care about tasks in different pid namespaces, i.e. if
  you have two tasks in different pid namespaces the cgroup would still
  be frozen.
  The cgroup.signal mechanism should consequently behave the same way,
  i.e.  signal all processes and ignore in which pid namespace they
  exist. This would obviously mean that if you e.g. had a task from an
  ancestor pid namespace join a delegated cgroup of a container in a
  child pid namespace the container can kill that task. But I think this
  is fine and actually the semantics we want since the cgroup has been
  delegated.
- It is currently not possible to signal tasks in ancestor or sibling
  pid namespaces with regular singal APIs. This is not even possible
  with pidfds right now as I've added a check access_pidfd_pidns() which
  verifies that the task to be signaled is in the same or a descendant
  pid namespace as the caller. However, with cgroup.signal this would be
  possible whenever a task lives in a cgroup that is delegated to a
  caller in an ancestor or sibling pid namespace.
- SIGKILLing a task that is PID 1 in a pid namespace which is
  located in a delegated cgroup but which has children in non-delegated
  cgroups (further up the hierarchy for example) would necessarily cause
  those children to die too.
- We skip signaling tasks that already have pending fatal signals.
- If we are located in a cgroup that is going to get SIGKILLed we'll be
  SIGKILLed as well which is fine and doesn't require us to do anything
  special.
- We're holding the read-side of tasklist lock while we're signaling
  tasks. That seems fine since kill(-1, SIGKILL) holds the read-side
  of tasklist lock walking all processes and is a way for unprivileged
  users to trigger tasklist lock being held for a long time. In contrast
  it would require a delegated cgroup with lots of processes and a deep
  hierarchy to allow for something similar with this interface.

Fwiw, in addition to the system manager and container use-cases I think
this has the potential to be picked up by the "kill" tool. In the future
I'd hope we can do: kill -9 --cgroup /sys/fs/cgroup/delegated

Once we see this is a feasible direction and I haven't missed a bunch of
obvious problems I'll add proper tests and send out a non-RFC version of
this patch. Manual testing indicates it works as expected.

Cc: Roman Gushchin <guro@fb.com>
Cc: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Cc: Shakeel Butt <shakeelb@google.com>
Cc: cgroups@vger.kernel.org
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>

---
## [seanpdoyle/hotwire-example-template](https://github.com/seanpdoyle/hotwire-example-template)@[d6f99ec6e4...](https://github.com/seanpdoyle/hotwire-example-template/commit/d6f99ec6e493cdc5a9a86d7b34d16deb8ec16352)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 17:33:15 by Sean Doyle

"Live Preview" submit as you type

Let's review! At this point, our end-users can draft an `Article`, and
can preview their changes by clicking on a `Preview Article` button to
request the server-rendered HTML version.

Let's enhance that experience even more by cutting out the need to click
the `Preview Article` button.

One of the three pillar of the Hotwire ecosystem is [Stimulus][].
[Stimulus Controllers][] are enable our applications to transform
[browser-side events][] into method invocations by routing them as
[Stimulus Actions][].

We'll start by declaring a `form` controller to augment our `<form>`
element. To utilize the `form` [identifier][], we'll declare the
`app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js` file:

```javascript
import { Controller } from "stimulus"

export default class extends Controller {
}
```

To grant direct access to the `<button>` element's `HTMLButtonElement`
instance, we'll make our `form` controller aware of it by declaring
`[data-form-target="preview"]` attribute on the on the `<button>`:

```diff
--- a/app/views/articles/_form.html.erb
+++ b/app/views/articles/_form.html.erb
   <div class="actions">
     <%= form.submit %>
-    <%= form.button "Preview Article", formaction: previews_path(render_into: "article_preview") %>
+    <%= form.button "Preview Article", formaction: previews_path(render_into: "article_preview"), data: { form_target: "preview" } %>
   </div>
 <% end %>
```

In our controller, we'll add support for accessing the
`HTMLButtonElement` instance through the `previewTarget`
property by declaring `"preview"` as a [Stimulus Target][]:

```diff
--- b/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js
+++ b/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js
  import { Controller } from "stimulus"

  export default class extends Controller {
+   static get targets() { return [ "preview" ] }
  }
```

Whenever the contents of `<input>`, `<select>`, or `<textarea>`
elements' values change, browsers fire an [input][] event. To route
these as [Stimulus Actions][], we'll declare
`[data-action="input->form#preview"]` on the `<form>` element:

```diff
--- a/app/views/articles/_form.html.erb
+++ b/app/views/articles/_form.html.erb
-<%= form_with(model: article) do |form| %>
+<%= form_with(model: article, data: { controller: "form", action: "input->form#preview" }) do |form| %>
   <% if article.errors.any? %>
     <div id="error_explanation">
       <h2><%= pluralize(article.errors.count, "error") %> prohibited this article from being saved:</h2>
```

Whenever any `<form>` element descendant fires an [input][] event,
Stimulus will respond by calling the `preview()` method in the `form`
controller (as instructed by the directive declared in the
`form[data-action]` attribute).

The `preview()` action handles the event by finding the `Preview Post`
button, and clicking it on the user's behalf.

```diff
--- b/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js
+++ b/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js
  import { Controller } from "stimulus"

  export default class extends Controller {
    static get targets() { return [ "preview" ] }
+
+   preview() {
+     this.previewTarget.click()
+   }
  }
```

In the spirit of progressive enhancement, we'll always want to render
the `Preview Post` button when JavaScript is unavailable. However, when
JavaScript is available, changes made by the end-user will cause the
`<form>` to submit automatically. This affords us an opportunity to hide
the `<button>` element.

During the [connect()][] phase of our controller's lifecycle, we'll hide
the `<button>` by annotating it with the [hidden][] attribute:

```diff
  import { Controller } from "stimulus"

  export default class extends Controller {
   static get targets() { return [ "preview" ] }
+
+   connect() {
+     this.previewTarget.hidden = true
+   }

    preview() {
      this.previewTarget.click()
    }
  }
```

Improving even further
---

For example, if we might want to guard against flooding our clients and
servers with extraneous requests whenever a swift keyboardist quickly
enters text, it would be worthwhile to [debounce][] preview submissions:

```diff
diff --git a/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js b/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js
index ca07dee..6c831c4 100644
--- a/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js
+++ b/app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js
@@ -1,8 +1,13 @@
 import { Controller } from "stimulus"
+import debounce from "https://cdn.skypack.dev/lodash.debounce"

 export default class extends Controller {
   static get targets() { return [ "preview" ] }

+  initialize() {
+    this.preview = debounce(this.preview.bind(this), 300)
+  }
+
   connect() {
     this.previewTarget.hidden = true
   }

   preview() {
     this.previewTarget.click()
   }
 }
```

Wrapping up
---

We've built an Article drafting experience that provides end-users with
a preview of the final version, live as they type. The experience relies
on Turbo Streams and Stimulus to progressively enhance concepts built
directly into browsers, and will gracefully degrade to HTML and HTTP
when JavaScript is unavailable.

Our implementation is light on JavaScript code, and doesn't include a
single call to [XMLHttpRequest][] or [fetch][], despite relying on the
server as the source of all HTML structure and data.

That's all baked into the value proposition of Hotwire. Turbo,
specifically, helps us realize that `<form>` elements are inert and
declarative HTML alternatives to Asynchronous JavaScript and XML (<abbr
title="Asynchronous JavaScript and XML">AJAX</abbr>) invocations, and
are ready to be executed at a moment's notice by end-users.
Applications' `<form>` elements serve as the bedrock for any and all
Hotwire-augmented end-user experiences.

[browser-side events]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events
[stimulus]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev
[Stimulus Controllers]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/reference/controllers
[Stimulus Actions]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/reference/actions
[identifier]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/reference/controllers#identifiers
[Stimulus Targets]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/reference/targets#properties
[connect()]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/reference/lifecycle-callbacks#connection
[input]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/input_event
[hidden]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/hidden
[debouncing]: https://docs-lodash.com/v4/debounce/
[XMLHttpRequest]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest
[fetch]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API

---
## [kenneth558/KatKerrSearch](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch)@[11f752cd5f...](https://github.com/kenneth558/KatKerrSearch/commit/11f752cd5ffcde3dbb51e97fd6c05f0f815f6a1e)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 19:54:55 by Kenneth L Anderson

Linux commands to create transcription files

There is a need for this type of lookup tool on Kat's reports of heaven because so many questions to Kat Kerr are submitted after she has already answered them at least once.  This channel seeks to compile transcriptions of her publicly published talks about heaven in a way that people with the need can perform word searches to read what she has already spoken relative to their questions.  I will be happy to have this material published through a more legitimate channel if you'll contact me to inform me of that.

-  Auto-generated by YouTube.com ACCURACY IS AT THE MERCY OF YOUTUBE.  
-  IN NO WAY CAN YOU ASSUME ALL WORDS SPOKEN ARE BY KAT!!!  THERE ARE SEVERAL SPEAKERS THROUGHOUT THESE VIDEOS.  YOU MUST DOUBLE CHECK WHO SPOKE WHAT BY PULLING UP THE ORIGINAL SOURCE!!!

- IN MANY CASES HER WORDS ARE NOT SPECIFIC TO REVELATIONS OF HEAVEN BECAUSE THE LORD LED HER TO SHARE OTHERWISE FOR A TIME.

Very often, two adjacent of these videos belong joined together.  Remember this in case you find your search words near the beginning or end of a video.

Transcriptions are mostly auto-generated by YouTube.com and obtainable by anyone on most videos by pausing that video (best while paused), closing the chat "window", if open, selecting "Open transcript" from the elipse (3 dots) menu often found just above the red "SUBSCRIBE" button.  The "Open transcript" option only appears for certain videos and if they've been on YouTube for enough hours, which is why many videos listed here say "No transcription available yet".

How to copy any YouTube transcript into your computer clipboard (tested only in Linux Mint): make sure the YouTube video is paused and any chat "window" associated with it is closed, then open the transcript as described above, then use sliding scroll button as necessary to display the firstmost transcripted line.  Use mouse pointer and button to highlight starting at the very first timestamp.  Continue to highlight all the transcript that is in view PLUS ENOUGH TO PRODUCE A SCROLL EFFECT.  There is no need to force it to scroll with the scroll button nor to scroll to the end.  Once highlighting covers all the transcript that is in view plus some that scrolled into view, the mouse button may be released but be sure the highlighting remains.  Now the scroll button gets used - using the mouse pointer and button pull the sliding scroll button down until the very last line of the transcript shows.  If you've done all this correctly, the highlighting should encompass the last line of transcription.  Copy to clipboard like you would copy anything else.  Paste into desired destination like you would anything else.

---
## [FlamingoLab/TheLastFire](https://github.com/FlamingoLab/TheLastFire)@[c2c538bd3b...](https://github.com/FlamingoLab/TheLastFire/commit/c2c538bd3bc134ff7b6fa3df19386f93365437b1)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 20:45:41 by Lif Gwaethrakindo

I life my hate

Implemented:
 - Gay system to enable/disable Cards' Behaviors.
 - Gay system to emit sound effects (via Animation Events)
 - Advancements to the Devil Behavior (DO NOT SEE)
 - Your Mom Gay.

// Lif

---
## [pbatard/rufus](https://github.com/pbatard/rufus)@[252759eb91...](https://github.com/pbatard/rufus/commit/252759eb917018392913245f58ab321a7ed5b42b)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 21:32:50 by Pete Batard

[grub] add yet another frigging patch to GRUB "2.04"

* GRUB 2.0 maintainer think they're doing a fine job, even when there are
  CRITICAL SECURITY FIXES that should warrant an immediate out of bound
  release, and instead consider that waiting MONTHS or YEARS to release
  anything is not a big deal at all.
* Ergo, distros, such as Ubuntu, start to pick whatever security patches
  they see fit, since they can simply not RELY on the upstream project to
  produce security releases in a timely manner. One such patch is:
  https://lists.gnu.org/archive/html/grub-devel/2021-03/msg00012.html
* But since there is no new GRUB release per se, they still call their GRUB
  version, onto which they applied patches that have come into existence
  more than 2 years after the actual 2.04 release, "GRUB 2.04".
* Obviously, since GRUB 2.04 + literally hundreds of cherry picked patches
  does deviate a lot from the last release, THINGS BREAK IN SPECTACULAR
  FASHION, such as the recently released Ubuntu 21.04 failing to boot with
  the error: grub_register_command_lockdown not found.
* Oh, and of course, regardless of all the above, if you ask anyone, they'll
  tell you that there's nothing fundamentally wrong with the GRUB release
  process (even if they should long have released 2.05, 2.05-1 and 2.05-2,
  were their maintainer ready to acknowledge that delaying releases DOES
  CREATES MAJOR ISSUES DOWSTREAM, as many people REPEATEDLY pointed to them
  on the GRUB mailing list) or with the Ubuntu GRUB versioning process (that
  really shouldn't be calling their version of GRUB "grub-2.04" but instead
  something like "grub-2.04_ubuntu"). Oh no siree! Instead, the problem must
  all be with Rufus and its maintainer, who should either spend their lives
  pre-emptively figuring which breaking patch every other distro applied out
  there, or limit media creation to DD mode, like any "sensible" person
  would do, since DD mode is the ultimate panacea (Narrator: "It wasn't").
* So, once again, a massive thanks to all the people who have been involved
  in the current GRUB 2.0 shit show, whose DIRECT result is to make end
  users' lives miserable, while GRUB maintainers are hell bent on continuing
  to pretend that everything's just peachy and are busy patting themselves
  on the back on account that "Fedora recently dropped more than 100 of the
  custom patches they had to apply to their GRUB fork" (sic). Nothing to see
  here, it's just GRUB maintainer's Jedi business as usual. Besides, who the
  hell cares about Windows users trying to transition to Linux in a friendly
  manner anyway. I mean, as long as something doesn't affect existing Linux
  users, it isn't a REAL problem, right?...

---
## [AugustineKadima/Anita-s-Kitchen](https://github.com/AugustineKadima/Anita-s-Kitchen)@[9811498b6a...](https://github.com/AugustineKadima/Anita-s-Kitchen/commit/9811498b6ac4c1e4f5215ee02577c3249057b498)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 23:08:16 by C0d3president

Add divs for Happy Hour, Party Time, Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner

---
## [AugustineKadima/Anita-s-Kitchen](https://github.com/AugustineKadima/Anita-s-Kitchen)@[d223a5d4d5...](https://github.com/AugustineKadima/Anita-s-Kitchen/commit/d223a5d4d52cb1fa4c3ce5fa6ff89a700221d0e7)
#### Friday 2021-04-23 23:08:16 by C0d3president

Add background color to Happy Hour and Party Time and add background images to Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner

---

# [<](2021-04-22.md) 2021-04-23 [>](2021-04-24.md)

