# [<](2021-11-18.md) 2021-11-19 [>](2021-11-20.md)

3,087,764 events, 1,611,509 push events, 2,470,819 commit messages, 188,619,119 characters


## [DAlperin/dotfiles](https://github.com/DAlperin/dotfiles)@[2f56cc0289...](https://github.com/DAlperin/dotfiles/commit/2f56cc028950262a133706d0fb2d1828ab8debb9)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 01:58:35 by Dov

Reset git history now that we have a sensible config

Getting started with home manager

Initial setup on ubuntu

Refactor to use flakes/multiple machines

Fixes

Add vm install script

test fix

Wrong data type?

nope

fix

A theory

find the break

and more

pretty sure this is it

and now...

...

....

less complicated

oops that var no longer exists

add back machine def

cursed undefined vars

.....

...

oops

....

Double impl?

...

Ok now please?

Ok

Ok ok ok

Fix

use inputs

add to import

test

For the love of god

Nope

nope

oops

oops

users not user

we are the say so now

guest not gues

ok ok

zsh is default shell

add experimental features

enable flakes

fix install script

Install script is full pipeline

Script fix

---
## [jws85/qmk_firmware](https://github.com/jws85/qmk_firmware)@[3adbcfe50a...](https://github.com/jws85/qmk_firmware/commit/3adbcfe50aad16684a5897eb6560e2ffc2458627)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 02:54:26 by J. W. Smith

Configuration that may not murder my wrists

Whew...

Still not 100% on this, but it's already a lot better.

 - Just gave in and realized I need to do layer triggers for some
   things (though bucky bit mods maybe not)...

 - A tiny bit of inspiration hit... holding down func layer and
   mouse layer keys puts you in media keys layer

 - Furthermore got rid of admin layer.  I never used the REISUB
   capability (for all two linux machines that remember that) and
   that basically leaves behind LED brightness and keyboard reset.
   These are great things to put in the 1u thumb cluster keys that
   my hugely huge hands that are totally not the size of one gold
   sharpie obsessed tinpot tyrant, cannot hit ever.  Better yet,
   they're in the func layer.  So I'd have to hold func and push
   the button to reset, which is fine.

 - Bucky bit mods are OSMs so I can arpeggio the keys and not
   hold them down.  So shutting down Emacs (which hopefully I'll
   not be doing much longer :P) is just C, x, C, c.  No holding
   needed.  The tap toggle is 9 to prevent going into bucky bit
   lock which sucks.  It is much less important to be able to
   arpeggio the layer keys, since they are used less.

Things that still need work:

 - Hitting F1-F5 and F11 currently would require contortion, holding
   down func and then hitting 1-5 or t.  Could be fixed by making
   Enter an LT as well.

 - Now that we've got LTs again, we're back to the usual problems.
   Since I shouldn't be chording too much with these keys, the
   biggest one is that holding it down no longer emits many spaces
   or backspaces.  Ah well.

 - Not sure about win/alt placement.  ctl is staying where it is
   though!

---
## [leapofazzam123/faruos](https://github.com/leapofazzam123/faruos)@[3329a94e4b...](https://github.com/leapofazzam123/faruos/commit/3329a94e4bc94c86003a282684daf83f9af7c0ce)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 04:46:44 by Leap of Azzam

FUCK YOU LLDB FOR NOT RESPONDING IN A FREEZE

Signed-off-by: Leap of Azzam <leapofazzam@gmail.com>

---
## [KnIfER/Metaline](https://github.com/KnIfER/Metaline)@[7de47741cd...](https://github.com/KnIfER/Metaline/commit/7de47741cdc13b4ef8d76c5ac61e024011101e35)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 04:57:58 by KnIfER

fuck you

* What went wrong:
A problem occurred evaluating project ':Ku'.
> Could not find method java() for arguments [build_a31q1x7oartu7qremmexlr9in$_run_closure1@24fba746] on project ':Ku' of type org.gradle.api.Project.

---
## [LXLegend/Capstone-Project-2022](https://github.com/LXLegend/Capstone-Project-2022)@[32a33eb4cb...](https://github.com/LXLegend/Capstone-Project-2022/commit/32a33eb4cbcef8a869c5b7312f3833de0d7264d6)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 10:31:29 by shawnlanda

I'm gonna kms

URP lighting sucks ass and I hate it, baked lights look like shit, mixed lights dont work, realtime lights are capped at 8 per pixel, aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAA

---
## [LXLegend/Capstone-Project-2022](https://github.com/LXLegend/Capstone-Project-2022)@[1727d9773a...](https://github.com/LXLegend/Capstone-Project-2022/commit/1727d9773a35a91f9f4758e1929975e173716f52)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 11:04:56 by shawnlanda

URP lighting sucks ass and I hate it, baked lights look like shit, mixed lights work except they don't, realtime lights are capped at 8 per pixel, aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAA

---
## [avar/git](https://github.com/avar/git)@[ce0c266193...](https://github.com/avar/git/commit/ce0c266193f9522c9649f1d5108ab74febc147e2)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 13:57:55 by Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason

usage API: add "core.usageAddSource" config to add <file>:<line>

Optionally extend the support that BUG() has had for emitting line
numbers to the {usage,fatal,error,warning}{,_errno}() functions.

Before we'd unconditionally get error messages like:

    $ git -c core.x=y config --get --bool core.x
    fatal: bad boolean config value 'y' for 'core.x'

Which can be changed with core.usageAddSource=true to include the file
and line numbers:

    $ git -c core.usageAddSource=true -c core.x=y config --get --bool core.x
    fatal: config.c:1241: bad boolean config value 'y' for 'core.x'

As the added documentation notes this is primarily intended to be
useful to developers of git itself, but is being exposed as a user
setting to e.g. help file better bug reports.

This also adds a "GIT_TEST_USAGE_ADD_SOURCE" setting intended to run
the test suite in this mode.

Currently it has a lot of failures. Most of those are rather trivial,
and can be "fixed" by pointing GIT_TEST_CMP to a "diff -u" that does a
s/^(usage|fatal|error|warning): [^:]+:[0-9]+/$1/g on its input files,
and likewise for a "grep" wrapper that does the same.

Even if we can't run the tests in this mode yet I'd like to have this
for ad-hoc debugging, and to make it easier to work towards running
the tests in this mode. If we can turn this on permanently it'll be
much easier to read test output, as we won't need to worry about the
indirection of looking up where an error might have been emitted,
which can be especially painful when the message being emitted isn't
unique within git.git.

This new code needs to be guarded by the "dying" variable for the
reasons explained in 2d3c02f5db6 (die(): stop hiding errors due to
overzealous recursion guard, 2017-06-21), and for those same reasons
it's racy under multi-threading.

Here the worst case is that incrementing the variable will run away
from us, and we won't get our desired <file>:<line> number. That's OK
in this case, those cases should be isolated to the config code (if we
can't parse the config), memory allocation etc, but we'll get it right
in the common cases.

Using GIT_TEST_USAGE_ADD_SOURCE should be immune from any racyness, as
it only needs a getenv() and git_parse_maybe_bool(), which won't die.

Add a repo_cfg_bool_env() wrapper to repo-settings.c for
GIT_TEST_USAGE_ADD_SOURCE, in 3050b6dfc75 (repo-settings.c: simplify
the setup, 2021-09-21) I indicated that the GIT_TEST_MULTI_PACK_INDEX
env variable/config pair in that file has odd semantics, but users of
repo_cfg_bool_env() have straightforward and expected semantics. If
the environment variable is set (true or false) we'll use it,
otherwise we'll use the config, and finally fall back on the
default (of "false", in this case).

Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>

---
## [haggertk/linux-stable](https://github.com/haggertk/linux-stable)@[31132a895e...](https://github.com/haggertk/linux-stable/commit/31132a895eaaa28439664ea4d70e6cc1b36f130e)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 15:21:34 by Vasily Averin

memcg: prohibit unconditional exceeding the limit of dying tasks

commit a4ebf1b6ca1e011289677239a2a361fde4a88076 upstream.

Memory cgroup charging allows killed or exiting tasks to exceed the hard
limit.  It is assumed that the amount of the memory charged by those
tasks is bound and most of the memory will get released while the task
is exiting.  This is resembling a heuristic for the global OOM situation
when tasks get access to memory reserves.  There is no global memory
shortage at the memcg level so the memcg heuristic is more relieved.

The above assumption is overly optimistic though.  E.g.  vmalloc can
scale to really large requests and the heuristic would allow that.  We
used to have an early break in the vmalloc allocator for killed tasks
but this has been reverted by commit b8c8a338f75e ("Revert "vmalloc:
back off when the current task is killed"").  There are likely other
similar code paths which do not check for fatal signals in an
allocation&charge loop.  Also there are some kernel objects charged to a
memcg which are not bound to a process life time.

It has been observed that it is not really hard to trigger these
bypasses and cause global OOM situation.

One potential way to address these runaways would be to limit the amount
of excess (similar to the global OOM with limited oom reserves).  This
is certainly possible but it is not really clear how much of an excess
is desirable and still protects from global OOMs as that would have to
consider the overall memcg configuration.

This patch is addressing the problem by removing the heuristic
altogether.  Bypass is only allowed for requests which either cannot
fail or where the failure is not desirable while excess should be still
limited (e.g.  atomic requests).  Implementation wise a killed or dying
task fails to charge if it has passed the OOM killer stage.  That should
give all forms of reclaim chance to restore the limit before the failure
(ENOMEM) and tell the caller to back off.

In addition, this patch renames should_force_charge() helper to
task_is_dying() because now its use is not associated witch forced
charging.

This patch depends on pagefault_out_of_memory() to not trigger
out_of_memory(), because then a memcg failure can unwind to VM_FAULT_OOM
and cause a global OOM killer.

Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/8f5cebbb-06da-4902-91f0-6566fc4b4203@virtuozzo.com
Signed-off-by: Vasily Averin <vvs@virtuozzo.com>
Suggested-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Acked-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Cc: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Cc: Vladimir Davydov <vdavydov.dev@gmail.com>
Cc: Roman Gushchin <guro@fb.com>
Cc: Uladzislau Rezki <urezki@gmail.com>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Cc: Shakeel Butt <shakeelb@google.com>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@i-love.sakura.ne.jp>
Cc: <stable@vger.kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [nstester/gcc](https://github.com/nstester/gcc)@[487d604b6f...](https://github.com/nstester/gcc/commit/487d604b6fa0f0a981eadc216d9e481d08ed7e7b)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 15:39:58 by Tamar Christina

middle-end: Handle FMA_CONJ correctly after SLP layout update.

Apologies, I got dinged by the i386 regressions bot for a test I didn't have in
my tree at the time I made the previous patch.  The bot was telling me that FMA
stopped working after I strengthened the FMA check in the previous patch.

The reason is that the check is slightly early.  The first check can indeed only
exit early when either node isn't a mult.  However we need to delay till we know
if the node is a MUL or FMA before enforcing that both nodes must be a MULT
since the node to inspect is different if the operation is a MUL or FMA.

Also with the update patch for GCC 11 tree layout update to the new GCC 12 one
I had missed that the difference in which node is conjucated is not symmetrical.

So the test for it can just be testing the inverse order.  It was Currently
no detecting when the first node was conjucated instead of the second one.

This also made me wonder why my own test didn't detect this.  It turns out that
the tests, being copied from the _Float16 ones were incorrectly marked as
xfail.  The _Float16 ones are marked as xfail since C doesn't have a conj
operation for _Float16, which means you get extra type-casts in between.

While you could use the GCC _Complex extension here I opted to mark them xfail
since I wanted to include detection over the widenings next year.

Secondly the double tests were being skipped because Adv. SIMD was missing from
targets supporting Complex Double vectorization.

With these changes all other tests run and pass and only XFAIL ones are
correctly the _Float16 ones.  Sorry for missing this before, testing should now
cover all cases.

gcc/ChangeLog:

	PR tree-optimization/103311
	PR target/103330
	* tree-vect-slp-patterns.c (vect_validate_multiplication): Fix CONJ
	test to new codegen.
	(complex_mul_pattern::matches): Move check downwards.

gcc/testsuite/ChangeLog:

	PR tree-optimization/103311
	PR target/103330
	* gcc.dg/vect/complex/fast-math-bb-slp-complex-mla-double.c: Fix it.
	* gcc.dg/vect/complex/fast-math-bb-slp-complex-mla-float.c: Likewise.
	* gcc.dg/vect/complex/fast-math-bb-slp-complex-mls-double.c: Likewise.
	* gcc.dg/vect/complex/fast-math-bb-slp-complex-mls-float.c: Likewise.
	* gcc.dg/vect/complex/fast-math-bb-slp-complex-mul-double.c: Likewise.
	* gcc.dg/vect/complex/fast-math-bb-slp-complex-mul-float.c: Likewise.
	* lib/target-supports.exp
	(check_effective_target_vect_complex_add_double): Add Adv. SIMD.

---
## [gh-developing/daariou_photography](https://github.com/gh-developing/daariou_photography)@[f36d83f0a8...](https://github.com/gh-developing/daariou_photography/commit/f36d83f0a8a319d0220392284d33a3dd1e001723)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 17:03:36 by Shachar Alon

I dont fckn know why I did this shit to my self with this stupid deploy it took me wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy to long time and now i just wanna die thank you and stfu dont crash anything or i will kill the sht out of ya

---
## [newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria)@[16548099dd...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria/commit/16548099ddaaa2ce7977b3ca3590fb986dffc76b)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 17:42:12 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [dailypost.ng/2021/11/19/i-watched-my-brother-die-i-saw-his-life-support-machine-go-off-aliko-dangote-to-tinubu/]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[35b84410ee...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/35b84410ee16d4aafd3c5739909fb6dce4e12b55)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 18:21:53 by Marko Grdinić

"10:15am. I am just chilling. Let me do that for a bit more and then I will start the art journey. I'll want to figure out how to make my own materials and tile them.

10:50am. Enough wasting time, let me start.

I need to close the thread from yesterday. Since I have pirated CSP, I can't really download assets from its online platform. Instead let me make material by myself and then I will tile it like in one of those vidoes. That is what I need for that tire track anyway. Let me just do that thing.

11am. I figured it out. In order to get what I want, all I have to do is convert a layer to an image material layer. Then I have to turn on tiling in the object properties. How simple. I did not even have to look it up. And yet yesterday it took me quite a few hours yesterday.

Ok, now I can make progress with that tire mark.

Ah crap. The mesh transform does not work on image material layers.

...Let me try it again.

11:40am. It is easy to create tiling effect, by just copy pasting. I do not have to do every mark at once, instead I can merge them together as I go along and get double the quantity. After that I can use the mesh transform to good effect. What a pain in the ass. At any rate, I am done with the tire. Yes, this is the workflow.

One thing I haven't figure out is how to invert the colors of a layer. I just used masks to get that effect instead. I selected the original mark, erased it, inverted the mask and filled that with black instead. I also used intersect select in order to make the black not fill the entire tire.

I am done. Let me move on to the next lesson.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ClipStudio/comments/5uai8n/clip_studio_equivalent_of_photoshop_smart_objects/
> They're called File Objects, they're in the layer palette cornet menu, latest version only

I'll have to check this out.

https://youtu.be/AAyfVcHCOy8
How to: File Objects

https://youtu.be/AAyfVcHCOy8?t=77

Oh these things support tiling as well.

12:15pm. The capability of this is quite remarkable. I wonder why mesh transform does not work for any of these though. It is a pity.

https://youtu.be/v6jkL9-ZYPE
Lineless Art Hints | Clip Studio TIPS of the Month

Let me watch this since it caught my eye on the sidebar. I am thinking whather I should do the missile launcher. I probably should.

https://youtu.be/v6jkL9-ZYPE?t=269

I could have used this brush instead of the market for the tile shading. Also it is interesting how he changed the colors to monochrome. That is something worth keeping in mind.

12:30pm. That was a bit interesting.

Let me sketch the missile launcher for a bit.

1:40pm. Given the rate I am going, it might have been faster to just do this in Blender. I mean, it took me over an hour to position 8 basic objects. I am not even sketching the missile laucher but the thing it is made out of which are triangles and rectangles in 3d.

Since these `Let's Draw` videos are going to be on this theme, I think I'll be taking this approach from here. Rather than sketch, I should 3d model.

Let me stop here for breakfast.

3:15pm. Today's chores took a while.

3:20pm. Let me resume.

Now, how about I do some Blender work. Insteady of sketching things out, I should be doing 3d modeling. I'll admit this makes me wonder how I could do those tire tracks.

3:30pm. I still have it. Despite being away from Blender for over 2 weeks, I still haven't forgetten much. This is definitely a lot faster than sketching. This plan could work.

https://youtu.be/LjzWq1NJ2qA?t=244

Ok, now comes the hard part. The angles and the perspective is a bit wonky near the bottom part. It does not really make sense.

3:55pm. So far this was easier than sketching, I finished it a while ago and am just fiddling around. I could do this faster with more practice. Though thanks to all the studying that I did, the modeling workflow feels quite smooth.

Now that I have a good model and am comparing it with the hand drawn sketch, I see that the perspective in the hand drawn image is quite wrong. This actually wasn't at all obvious to me just from looking at the image, but it is absolutely clear when you compare the two.

The way it is drawn in the image, the face of the launcher is not at the right angle. It should be quite a bit narrower.

4:25pm. Now I am just messing with lighting. Forget this. I completely forgot how to do the backgrounds in the shader. Tinkering with lights and materials is something I'd need to get good at.

4:30pm. Let me take a break here. I need to decide whether I want to continue with this model in CSP or whether I want to just move on.

4:50pm. Let me resume. Ok, I've decided. Forget mucking around with lines. Some artists have had years and years of practice doing that and so they can do that well enough. But I do not have time to much around with moving lines on paper and quering my subconcious on every move whether it makes sense.

I'll replace sketching with 3d modeling. That is the way things should go.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/lets-paint-a-forest-pt1

Let me watch this. For the next project I should aim to model it in Blender and then paint it in CSP.

5pm. I feel like speeding things up. Let me make my way through these videos. I am not going to spend a day on each of these vids. Instead at this point I should start thinking about taking on a real project. What I want to do is Luna's char model and images. I should do Euclid after that. I should be doing him first, but I do not want to draw guys.

5pm. Let me not rush. Let me just go through this series. It definitely serves a role of increasing my familiarity with the tools at least. I'll be done with it before long and I'll get back to Blender and get back to familiarizing myself with human body shape.

https://youtu.be/yG5Zku4VjWM?t=116

Using hard brushes and a soft eraser might be better than how I've been doing it so far which is bluring.

5:10pm. I should get familiar with doing 2d in Blender. I'll do that as I go along.

A few days ago, I felt sick from constantly watching videos, but now I only want to watch them. Let me do it for a while.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/lets-paint-a-marble-pt1

Hmmm, this might be interesting to try. I woulnd't need Blender for this. It really looks quite realistic.

https://youtu.be/Qkf1rssCowM?t=213

Oh, I should keep using the warp tool like this in mind.

6:10pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/form-value-and-light

Lunch time, let me leave this for later.

6:30pm. Let me resume. I'll watch a few more vids and then it is gaming time.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/why-practice-in-grayscale

Since he is hammering the grayscale approach, maybe I should take it as well and introduce gradient maps as the next step.

7:10pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/smudge-tool-for-blending

I was looking up how to blend a couple of days ago. I finally at this point again. Let me stop here for today. I am going to go through the current section tomorrow. I'll speed up the rate at which I am going through these videos. I think I'll look up Priestley's course some more, and the Drawing Database ones. Otherwise, I am going back to those immitation models of Flycat's. Everything else is not a big deal, but I should master making meshes of human bodies. When I have that understanding I'll be able to draw them even without the help of Blender and that will help immensely. After that I'll spend some time doing sculpting and drawing. When my drawing look good enough for my taste, I am going to be moving into musical composition.

When I have all of that down, I'll be ready to begin work on Heaven's Key.

The fun stuff will start soon enough once I am done with these videos. I'll be spending my time just doing art starting with sculpting. No more listening to other people for hours on end."

---
## [Sannidhya127/FIle-Bash](https://github.com/Sannidhya127/FIle-Bash)@[52f0fdf504...](https://github.com/Sannidhya127/FIle-Bash/commit/52f0fdf504a08a47e905ff6944b9d1a0fd720f9d)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 19:12:51 by Sannidhya

Found a couple of bugs, rhe commands list is now old and the closest word relation thing is now not that good. Moreover I made a installation check function that checks if whether the program files are good and not corrupted, for issues, it runs a clean reinstall of that file. The sys_info file is not working as psutil module is not installing. That list shit can be solved but this psutil bullshit is totally getting my head f*cked. Will try my best to solve this.

---
## [newstools/2021-punch-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2021-punch-nigeria)@[cfd3fcef0c...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-punch-nigeria/commit/cfd3fcef0cdfdcb3eef1cfd8287dfcbeaf63edfe)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 20:48:24 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [punchng.com/how-i-watched-my-brother-die-without-life-support-aliko-dangote/]

---
## [issa38/NodePractice](https://github.com/issa38/NodePractice)@[0c9bcf6fea...](https://github.com/issa38/NodePractice/commit/0c9bcf6fea9330e83700c5a1db73b43f9649e6f9)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 21:11:13 by issa38

NodeJS Blogs

1st Project I have ever done in NodeJS. Or even coding tbh

Terrible code with bad everything but it atleast works somehow! I'd like to say I would come back later when I am more expierenced and fix things but i wont!
If you look at the code and wondering `Why the hell would he write something like this, this sucks` well I wrote a lot of comments so you'll know why at least :)

Also, This is my first upload on GitHub and I have no idea the correct format so if you download it and its just a mess, well it was a mess before you downloaded it so :P

---
## [shanaka95/MoviesFaq](https://github.com/shanaka95/MoviesFaq)@[3138423e7a...](https://github.com/shanaka95/MoviesFaq/commit/3138423e7ab03e61c309b585d20b6c58c9d82990)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 21:51:25 by Shanaka Anuradha

Published: Which movie ended with the male protagonist&#39;s mother in the body of his girlfriend?

---
## [SRGDamia1/m.css](https://github.com/SRGDamia1/m.css)@[915ffcbed5...](https://github.com/SRGDamia1/m.css/commit/915ffcbed545b9c38f55fac07f33ef04433863a8)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 23:31:50 by Vladimír Vondruš

package/ci: go back to Pelican 4.2 until I find a fix.

OH GOD, one can't just leave a project alone for 6 months because every
damn thing just breaks, changes or gets removed. Kids these days, FFS.

Imagine if the standard of electrical outlets changed rapidly every two
weeks, you'd just have to constantly buy new fucking adapters and you
would HATE it. So why is it COMPLETELY FINE with software?!

---
## [MrDerpus/bombdefusergamecpp.github.io](https://github.com/MrDerpus/bombdefusergamecpp.github.io)@[e4d846b7e0...](https://github.com/MrDerpus/bombdefusergamecpp.github.io/commit/e4d846b7e07da7867793ce210d3a4d79c6a8644d)
#### Friday 2021-11-19 23:44:54 by MrDerpus

Deleting _JUNK

Removing _JUNK/* because, it's shit - fuck you.

---

# [<](2021-11-18.md) 2021-11-19 [>](2021-11-20.md)

