# [<](2021-11-21.md) 2021-11-22 [>](2021-11-23.md)

3,386,415 events, 1,696,003 push events, 2,597,881 commit messages, 203,685,324 characters


## [CyanideTheJuggla/weather-dashboard](https://github.com/CyanideTheJuggla/weather-dashboard)@[4f620e6c57...](https://github.com/CyanideTheJuggla/weather-dashboard/commit/4f620e6c57cabd6498d06676f50b8b54c6c8c1b8)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 02:30:30 by Scott Howell

yeah I'm done, this pos is buggy as fuck but I'm about ready to quit this school shit altogether, so I'm just going to call it here

---
## [stevenbennett-yvr/assignment-2](https://github.com/stevenbennett-yvr/assignment-2)@[ad5e92e273...](https://github.com/stevenbennett-yvr/assignment-2/commit/ad5e92e273cfaf7fce9fbe512955b4603fd09941)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 05:34:38 by stevenbennettyvr

i'm done with renderCreate. No it doesn't work completely right but it returns just enough that I figure I should get at least 1 point. don't want to waste another hour just because Visual Studio Code and Chrome can't fucking articulate the fact that appendchild is missing capitalization. When I realized that on my own I slammed my desk so hard my roommate came into check on me. I'm done for tonight. i'm merging the branches and handing it in. if I see the word TypeError again in the next 24 hours I am going to scream

---
## [anandrajakbrain/Cuple](https://github.com/anandrajakbrain/Cuple)@[61007c5d31...](https://github.com/anandrajakbrain/Cuple/commit/61007c5d31e9e6cb187c53a854ed78300d34cd14)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 06:59:50 by anandrajakbrain

Dates to Remember
•	Create New Reminder
o	Anniversary is spelt wrong  Done
o	Birthday should be the 2nd one Done
o	Remove Celebration from the list Done
o	Remove 2nd drop down list of ‘Reminder Title’
o	Who are we celebrating’ should be ‘what are we celebrating? (Eg. Our dating Anniversary)’ Done
o	When I try and create a new ‘Date to Remember’, the app freezes (black screen with the 3 white hearts)

My Wish List
•	The ‘Wish List Title’ should be called ‘Gift, Experience, Other’
o	The drop down box should be only three things for now- Gift, Experience, Other
•	‘Tell us more about it’ should be ‘description (eg. Cooking Lessons- I love to learn new things to cook, and I want to do it together with you)’ Done
•	After they have created a new one, it should be displayed in the list including the link that is live and can be clicked on
•	When filling out a new wish list item, the keyboard covers up the area that you’re filling in so can’t see what you’re typing…

General:
•	When its thinking, the color should move between the 3 hearts. Right now it appears frozen while you wait?
•	The actual symbol for the app that you see on the phone needs to have the logo take up the whole circle- logos too small right now

---
## [danijb22/fruitleather](https://github.com/danijb22/fruitleather)@[644714604f...](https://github.com/danijb22/fruitleather/commit/644714604f8e1c0ee74ef27fea8761831a4ebcda)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 07:00:09 by danijb22

 oh my fucking god I fuciing watn this fruit leather so bad !

i want it so bad

---
## [escortservic/sabinaescort](https://github.com/escortservic/sabinaescort)@[f7334e4b60...](https://github.com/escortservic/sabinaescort/commit/f7334e4b60958dc18d0809eb3cfb1057724deb9f)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 07:55:20 by escortservic

Call girls service in delhi 9891383965 escort 

Call 9891383965 Girls In delhi janak puri Metro  station All Over Delhi NCR

 NIGHT CALL AND WHATSAPP 9891383965 Door Step Delivery We Offering You 100% Genuine Completed Body And Mind Relaxation With Happy Ending ServiCe Done By Most Attractive Charming Soft Spoken Bold Beautiful Full Cooperative Independent Escort Girls ServiCe In All Star Hotel And Home ServiCe In All Over Delhi, Noida, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Ghaziabad, Greater Noida WE WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH SEXY MODELS WHO WILL DANCE & DRINK WITH YOU AND ALSO PROVIDE YOU SEXUAL BODY TO BODY MASSAGE WITH SEX. YOU MAY TAKE THEM OUT FOR A PARTY OR ALSO FOR ANY PRIVATE PARTIES. THESE GIRLS ARE INTERESTED IN HAVING SOME FUN WITH YOU AND WILL ENSURE THAT YOU HAVE COMPLETE FUN. ☆BREAKING NEWS: ALL NEW GIRLS HAVE ARRIVED FROM ALL THE STATES TO DELHI GURGAON & NOIDA, ESPECIALLY FOR YOU. YOUNG GIRLS / MODELS / AUNTIES / CELEBRITIES. WE PROVIDE HIGH CLASS EDUCATED GIRLS FROM DELHI, MODELS, HOUSEWIVES, AIR HOSTESSES, COLLEGE GIRLS, CALL CENTER GIRLS, ETC WHO ARE NOT ONLY GOOD LOOKING BUT ALSO VERY MANNERED...WHATSAPP Mr : Abhishek:9891383965 ESCORTS SERVICES ARE COMMITTED TO DO THEIR WORK AND YOUR SATISFACTION IS THEIR PRIME MOTIVE. THEY ARE READY AND COMFORTABLE TO GO WITH YOU ANYWHERE. THEY ARE DECENT AND CHARMING, WELL EDUCATED AND VERY BEAUTIFUL. YOU CAN TAKE THEM TO PARTIES, CINEMA, MALL ETC. THEY UNDERSTAND THEIR CLIENT'S NEED AND ARE WILLING TO GO BEYOND JUST SOCIAL MEETING. YOU CAN PLAY WITH THEM AND HAVE DECENT FUN. AND AFTER THAT WHATEVER HAPPENS IS CHOICE OF TWO ADULTS.WHATSAPP : Mr : Abhishek:9891383965 THESE ARE OPEN MINDED AND FRIENDLY LADIES, WHO HAVE GENUINELY WARM AND FRIENDLY PERSONALITY AND TAKE PRIDE IN ESCORTING THEIR SKILLS, OFFERING OUR CLIENTS UNHURRIED TIME. WE HAVE LOW - HIGH RANGE OF ESCORT GIRLS AVAILABLE WITH US. OUR ESCORTS ARE FROM COLLEGE, MODELS, AIR HOSTESSES TO PROFESSIONAL GIRLS, HOUSEWIVES AND MATURE WOMEN. THEY HAVE GOOD CAREER OR HIGHER EDUCATION OR ARE STILL STUDENTS. OUR ESCORT GIRLS OFFER GENTLEMEN ESCORTING THE MOST UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCES.WHATSAPP :Mr :Mr : Abhishek:9891383965 WE ARE ONE OF THE OLDEST ESCORT AGENCIES IN DELHI. YOU WILL FIND THAT OUR FEMALE ESCORTS ARE FULL OF FUN, SEXY AND THEY WOULD LOVE & ENJOY YOUR COMPANY. WE HAVE A FANTASTIC SELECTION OF ESCORT LADIES AVAILABLE FOR INCALLS AS WELL AS OUTCALLS. OUR ESCORTS ARE NOT ONLY BEAUTIFUL BUT ALL HAVE GREAT PERSONALITIES MAKING THEM THE PERFECT COMPANION FOR ANY OCCASION. ONCE YOU BOOK ONE OF OUR ESCORT MODELS, YOU WILL CHOOSE TO USE OUR SERVICES REGULARLY. ALL OF OUR FEMALE ESCORTS OFFER OUTCALL & INCALL. OUR ESCORT AGENCY PRIDES ITSELF ON HAVING THE BEST COLLECTION OF GIRLS. WE GUARANTEE FULL SATISFACTION & IN CASE OF ANY UNHAPPY EXPERIENCE, WE WOULD REFUND YOUR FEES, WITHOUT ANY QUESTIONS ASKED.WHATSAPP Mr : Abhishek:9891383965 ONCE YOU HIRE THEM, WE PROMISE A ROMANTIC DATE. WE ARE VERY GENUINE SERVICE PROVIDER, WHO STRONGLY BELIEVES IN CUSTOMER SATISFACTION. WE ONLY CATER TO THE ELITE AND EDUCATED CLIENTS AND WE ARE IN BUSINESS, FOR OVER 6 YEARS. HENCE WE CAN GUARANTEE "VALUE FOR MONEY". CALL US AND GIVE US A CHANCE TO CATER TO YOUR REQUIREMENTS.. WE ALSO PROVIDE CALL GIRL SERVICES WITH TOP MODELS, AIR HOSTESSES, COLLEGE STUDENTS, BHABHIS, HOUSE WIFES, HOMELY INDEPENDENT GIRLS, LESBIANS, CALL CENTER FEMALES, ETC, ALL OVER DELHI GURGAON NOIDA & ALL NEAR BY CITIES ETC.. WE ARE PROVIDING :- ● - PRIVATE INDEPENDENT COLLAGE GOING GIRLS . ● - INDEPENDENT MODELS . ● - HOUSE WIFE'S . ● - PRIVATE INDEPENDENT HOUSE WIFE'S ● - CORPORATE M.N.C WORKING PROFILES . ● - CALL CENTER GIRLS . ● - LIVE BAND GIRLS . ●- FOREIGNERS & MANY MORE . LOCAION: DELHI GURGAON NOIDA MAHIPALPUR AEROCITY CONNAUGHT PLACE DWARKA VASANT KUNJ AND COVERING ALL DELHI NCR. HOTEL PROVIDE.. • HOTEL JW MARRIOTT AEROCITY... • HOTEL NOVOTEL AEROCIRY.... • HOTEL ANDAZ DELHI AEROCITY.. •HOTEL PULLMAN AEROCITY... • HOTEL ROSEATE HOUSE AEROCITY.. • HOTEL SHANGRI-LA'S - EROS CP.. • HOTEL TAJ MAHAL, NEW DELHI.. •HOTEL THE LEELA PALACE NEW DELHI.. • HOTEL ITC MAURYA, HOTEL, NEW DELHI • HOTEL RADISSON BLUE DWARKA... • HOTEL THE WESTIN GURGAON.. • HOTEL LE MERIDIEN CP.. • HOTEL LE MERIDIEN GURGAON. • HOTEL SHERATON SAKET.. • HOTEL HILTON GADANA INN SAKET • HOTEL IBIS AEROCITY.. • HOTEL CROWNE PLAZA OKHLA.. • HOTEL THE LODHI NEW DELHI. • HOTEL THE LEELA AMBIENCE GURGAON.. • HOTEL OBEROR NEW DELHI. • HOTEL METROPOLITAN CP.. • HOTEL HYATT REGENCY DELHI. • HOTEL PRIDE PLAZA AEROCIRT. • HOTEL HOLIDA INN AEROCITY. • HOTEL LEMON TREE AEROCITY.. • HOTEL RED FOX AEROCITY.. • HOTEL DEE MARKS MAHIPALPUR. • HOTEL VIVANTA BY TAJ DWARKA. • HOTEL THE ASHOK CHANAKYPURI.. • HOTEL THE GRAND VASANT KUNJ. • HOTEL HOTEL RADISSON BLUE MARINA CP.. • HOTEL THE LALIT CP.. • HOTEL THE PARK CP • HOTEL WLCOME DWARKA.. • HOTEL SHANTI PALACE MAHIPALPUR AND ALL HOTEL ALSO.. * OUR SERVICE ONLY IS ONLY FOR VIP AND PREMIUM CLASS GENTLEMEN. WHATSAPP :Mr : Abhishek:9891383965 NOTE :- PIC COLLECTORS . TIME PASSERS , BARGAINERS STAY AWAY . AS WE RESPECT THE VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY & TIME AND EXPECT THE SAME FROM YOU. ----------♡♡♡♡♡THANKS FOR VISITING♡♡♡♡♡----------- BOOKING 24*7HRS

---
## [justtodo/_frontend](https://github.com/justtodo/_frontend)@[981485697f...](https://github.com/justtodo/_frontend/commit/981485697f40d2357b3ca8e038493686bd963dfa)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 11:24:03 by tcotidiane

update home i want  D because my life is a N_Evean  but un shit H... sorry my best ??????????

---
## [FortunaSS13/Fortuna](https://github.com/FortunaSS13/Fortuna)@[aec6e6df80...](https://github.com/FortunaSS13/Fortuna/commit/aec6e6df804dfe55ef6c052c7cdd7101d2ed0137)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 11:38:27 by Jawnner

BoS Loadout Update/New Knight Weapon (#436)

* BoS Loadout Update/New Knight Weapon

Added sidearms to Senior Paladins and Knights because they were some of the few combat roles not to have one.

Got rid of the Commando Carbine for Defender loadouts and replaced it with the new R93 PDW.

Added R93 loadout to Senior Knights as well under "Recon."

* Update automatic.dm

Changed the in-hand sprite of the Gauss Rifle to be more fitting than a shotgun.

* Update automatic.dm

* Update automatic.dm

Re-did inhand state for M72 to be more form-fitting.

* Update automatic.dm

Adding new line for linters.

* Update automatic.dm

Don't know how I missed this. Would have been OP as hell.

* Update automatic.dm

Did more playtesting, 9 round bursts w/ attachments isn't okay.

* Replaced BoS SWAT Masks with the security gas masks

Most Brotherhood players wanted the switch due to the security gas mask being able to be moved out of the way to actually eat. Plus it looks better.

* Update automatic.dm

Description change.

* Lame Chest Rigs replaced with chad assault belts

Chest rigs blocked nice looking icons. They were always thrown on the rack anyway for a belt, so this just streamlines that process.

---
## [DroneBetter/ChessPieceVision](https://github.com/DroneBetter/ChessPieceVision)@[00c8e6a023...](https://github.com/DroneBetter/ChessPieceVision/commit/00c8e6a02311a9c80269c0518682b6285679e269)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 11:48:44 by DroneBetter

Add Warnsdorf heuristic mode

For solving knight's tour, press W to use.

I know the majority of readers of descriptions of commits to a program for simulating chess and graph theory already know about it, but the knight's tour is a puzzle like Ben Finegold's queen-knight one, except instead of moving to each square in order with intermediate moves while avoiding the queen and the squares it attacks, you move to each square in any order while avoiding the squares you've already been to. This is modelled in the program by removing nodes travelled to and simulating the physics in between (the manifold reshaping itself each second correspondingly). Towards the end, when there are fewer nodes, it can form interesting shapes like cubes or pairs of cubes joined together (which I got once when beginning in 16*16) or octahedra (when simulating for pieces without parity-inversion like rooks).

The Warnsdorf heuristic is to look at the nodes you can move to in the next move and count how many moves each of them will have subsequently, and move to the one with the fewest (or a random one if there's a tie). It seems to always solve 8*8 boards (though a paper said its solving-rate reduces and becomes near-0% on 50*50 boards), I will modify it to do an exhaustive search tree of Warnsdorf paths next (of which there aren't very many, it's a poor tour enumeration method compared to the ant colony optimisation one (which I will add also)).

Also, fix node deletion (previously deleted wrong connections due to using the node's indice as both the comparator for the endpoints and the connection indice, not sure how it got away with it for so long, looks very silly now), and fix connection origin indexing (would previously not handle nodes that weren't origins of any connection (it would count the next one's indice as that of the one after it), function now does it correctly by substituting an if statement of whether origin[n]>origin[n-1] for a repeat element[n]-element[n-1]).

---
## [WesleyBryie/wes-website](https://github.com/WesleyBryie/wes-website)@[0e088fd49b...](https://github.com/WesleyBryie/wes-website/commit/0e088fd49bd7f6957c8baf3bc0d9e36b7be6b4e2)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 13:03:50 by Wes Bryie

the bootstrap css overwrote the font > aka > i hate my life

---
## [lfd/PreemptRT](https://github.com/lfd/PreemptRT)@[dc6b83b8fe...](https://github.com/lfd/PreemptRT/commit/dc6b83b8fef9db14bda5034c05cfbb00fb6e1729)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 14:02:23 by Vasily Averin

mm, oom: pagefault_out_of_memory: don't force global OOM for dying tasks

commit 0b28179a6138a5edd9d82ad2687c05b3773c387b upstream.

Patch series "memcg: prohibit unconditional exceeding the limit of dying tasks", v3.

Memory cgroup charging allows killed or exiting tasks to exceed the hard
limit.  It can be misused and allowed to trigger global OOM from inside
a memcg-limited container.  On the other hand if memcg fails allocation,
called from inside #PF handler it triggers global OOM from inside
pagefault_out_of_memory().

To prevent these problems this patchset:
 (a) removes execution of out_of_memory() from
     pagefault_out_of_memory(), becasue nobody can explain why it is
     necessary.
 (b) allow memcg to fail allocation of dying/killed tasks.

This patch (of 3):

Any allocation failure during the #PF path will return with VM_FAULT_OOM
which in turn results in pagefault_out_of_memory which in turn executes
out_out_memory() and can kill a random task.

An allocation might fail when the current task is the oom victim and
there are no memory reserves left.  The OOM killer is already handled at
the page allocator level for the global OOM and at the charging level
for the memcg one.  Both have much more information about the scope of
allocation/charge request.  This means that either the OOM killer has
been invoked properly and didn't lead to the allocation success or it
has been skipped because it couldn't have been invoked.  In both cases
triggering it from here is pointless and even harmful.

It makes much more sense to let the killed task die rather than to wake
up an eternally hungry oom-killer and send him to choose a fatter victim
for breakfast.

Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/0828a149-786e-7c06-b70a-52d086818ea3@virtuozzo.com
Signed-off-by: Vasily Averin <vvs@virtuozzo.com>
Suggested-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Acked-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Cc: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: Roman Gushchin <guro@fb.com>
Cc: Shakeel Butt <shakeelb@google.com>
Cc: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@i-love.sakura.ne.jp>
Cc: Uladzislau Rezki <urezki@gmail.com>
Cc: Vladimir Davydov <vdavydov.dev@gmail.com>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Cc: <stable@vger.kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [Oriolac/seu](https://github.com/Oriolac/seu)@[0c2090be69...](https://github.com/Oriolac/seu/commit/0c2090be69df53dc950410e7466102a24c737795)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 16:42:09 by Sergi Simon Balcells

Suck it, suck it, suck it on my titties

FUCK THE PAIN AWAY

- Sex education

---
## [crescentsoru/black_light](https://github.com/crescentsoru/black_light)@[841552df0b...](https://github.com/crescentsoru/black_light/commit/841552df0b919c74c0bb848ceb18784a8d85ff15)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 17:07:32 by crescentsoru

oops shit wasn't actually working oops oh fuck oh gosh

---
## [LeonBeLeoff/LoveDeathRobots](https://github.com/LeonBeLeoff/LoveDeathRobots)@[ca85809c87...](https://github.com/LeonBeLeoff/LoveDeathRobots/commit/ca85809c87085077b851c9aeec8c4886dfe481ee)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 18:14:51 by LeonBeLeoff

guy my boy- i mean girlfriend broke up with me

anyway look at my second vid! please!

---
## [Gurur24/Codecademy-Python-Projects](https://github.com/Gurur24/Codecademy-Python-Projects)@[07278b8215...](https://github.com/Gurur24/Codecademy-Python-Projects/commit/07278b8215f5ac8f41dff76de98e0b54cf93dea4)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 18:33:05 by Gurur

Update script.py

We’ve decided to pursue the dream of small-business ownership and open up a furniture store called Lovely Loveseats for Neat Suites on Fleet Street. With our newfound knowledge of Python programming, we’re going to build a system to help speed up the process of creating receipts for your customers.
In this project, we will be storing the names and prices of a furniture store’s catalog in variables. You will then process the total price and item list of customers, printing them to the output terminal.

Adding In The Catalog
1.
Let’s add in our first item, the Lovely Loveseat that is the store’s namesake. Create a variable called lovely_loveseat_description and assign to it the following string:


Lovely Loveseat. Tufted polyester blend on wood. 32 inches high x 40 inches wide x 30 inches deep. Red or white.

2.
Great, now let’s create a price for the loveseat. Create a variable lovely_loveseat_price and set it equal to 254.00.


3.
Let’s extend our inventory with another characteristic piece of furniture! Create a variable called stylish_settee_description and assign to it the following string:


Stylish Settee. Faux leather on birch. 29.50 inches high x 54.75 inches wide x 28 inches deep. Black.
4.
Now let’s set the price for our Stylish Settee. Create a variable stylish_settee_price and assign it the value of 180.50.
5.
Fantastic, we just need one more item before we’re ready for business. Create a new variable called luxurious_lamp_description and assign it the following:


Luxurious Lamp. Glass and iron. 36 inches tall. Brown with cream shade.
6.
Let’s set the price for this item. Create a variable called luxurious_lamp_price and set it equal to 52.15.
7.
In order to be a business, we should also be calculating sales tax. Let’s store that in a variable as well.
Define the variable sales_tax and set it equal to .088. That’s 8.8%.
Our First Customer
8.
Our first customer is making their purchase! Let’s keep a running tally of their expenses by defining a variable called customer_one_total. Since they haven’t purchased anything yet, let’s set that variable equal to 0 for now.
9.
We should also keep a list of the descriptions of things they’re purchasing. Create a variable called customer_one_itemization and set that equal to the empty string "". We’ll tack on the descriptions to this as they make their purchases.


10.
Our customer has decided they are going to purchase our Lovely Loveseat! Add the price to customer_one_total.

11.
Let’s start keeping track of the items our customer purchased. Add the description of the Lovely Loveseat to customer_one_itemization.

12.
Our customer has also decided to purchase the Luxurious Lamp! Let’s add the price to the customer’s total.


13.
Let’s keep the itemization up-to-date and add the description of the Luxurious Lamp to our itemization.
14.
They’re ready to check out! Let’s begin by calculating sales tax. Create a variable called customer_one_tax and set it equal to customer_one_total times sales_tax.

15.
Add the sales tax to the customer’s total cost.

16.
Let’s start printing up their receipt! Begin by printing out the heading for their itemization. Print the phrase "Customer One Items:".

17.
Print customer_one_itemization.

18.
Now add a heading for their total cost: Print out "Customer One Total:"
19.
Now print out their total! Our first customer now has a receipt for the things they purchased.
20.
Congratulations! We created our catalog and served our first customer. We used our knowledge of strings and numbers to create and update variables. We were able to print out an itemized list and a total cost for our customer. Lovely!

---
## [akisblack/browser-copypasta](https://github.com/akisblack/browser-copypasta)@[06d7d61d3d...](https://github.com/akisblack/browser-copypasta/commit/06d7d61d3d1b735da01f426ad2cdda64f8351af1)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 18:41:45 by Odyssey346

fuck you Akis, I'm commiting straight to master.

Signed-off-by: Odyssey346 <odyssey346@disroot.org>

---
## [openmultiplayer/web](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/web)@[5d06a2d569...](https://github.com/openmultiplayer/web/commit/5d06a2d569cc1df008d73919e26b831f75669776)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 19:16:12 by Barnaby Keene

holy shit i'm dumb as fuck why did i comment this out

---
## [smxi/inxi](https://github.com/smxi/inxi)@[2feaf0b853...](https://github.com/smxi/inxi/commit/2feaf0b853d38635badf5375a354c17dd221df93)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 20:48:08 by Harald Hope

Thanks manjaro user alven for finding a bunch of corner and not so corner case
errors, glitches, documentation oversights, etc.

This is a point release between the coming full CPU refactor and the current
set of bug fixes and issue handlings.

This release also contains the debuggers for the new CPU data logic, which are
important to get this CPU refactor stable and reliable across old/new systems,
different operating systems and platforms.

Wanted to do this intermediate releaase to get the current fixes out, which
make inxi overall better for CPU issues, but do not handle the core requirement
to do a full refactor.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CORRECTION:

1. On release notes for 3.3.08: due to a long delay to get real debugger data
from the person who had the issue, but finally getting it after the release of
3.3.08, there was NO bug in ps wwaux output. Something else was creating the
linewraps, maybe the subshell, it's basically impossible to know since we never
got a real debugger data set, which is the only real way to get the actual same
data inxi will see.

Was it a subshell wrapping the output? We just can't know, nor are we likely to
ever find out.

This highlights very well however why some issues are essentially impossible to
ever fully resolve without the --debug 22 dataset. This bug/fix is definitely in
that class of issues.

It's never good to accuse another program of having a bug when it doesn't, so
sorry to ps authors, no bug or issue exists for ps in this area.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
KNOWN ISSUES:

1. wiryonolau issue #259 points out that if --tty is used, default IRC filter
rule is still active and on. Because his case appears to be from an autostart
using Bash, which then gives up to find the parent at dash, which then makes
inxi believe it's in an IRC shell client, that issue doesn't appear to be
resolvable.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BUGS:

1. Documentation, help menu and man page showed wmctl instead of wmctrl,
which for someone who reads the help man, leads to command --fake wmctl failing.
Thanks manjaro user alven for finding this typo.

2. For dmidecode cpu data, had global total values for cache that could result
in wrong output values, 2x or more wrong for L1 / L3 cache on linux. Difficulty
is preserving that data for bsd, which in general do not show phys cpu counts,
and thus make showing totals off. Created new '-total' item for each L cache
type, which will handle > 1 cpus, and also can be used to determine if > 1 cpus
present!.

3. Manjaro user pointed out that hub types were wrong, this is because inxi was
using the INTERFACE ID values for hubs instead of the TYPE values. For all other
device types, INTERFACE is correct, but for hubs, we needed TYPE, so fix is to
detect INTERFACE 9/0/0 and if TYPE present for that, swap.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FIXES:

1. For > 1 cpu systems, with dmidecode sourced cpu cache data, can now determine
physical cpu count based on comparing L2 and L2-total values. This means that
when dmidecode is used on BSD for CPU data, inxi may now be able to deduce that
it is a > 1 cpu system.

2. Forgot to set $run{'filter'} to 0 for whitelist start client detection.

3. Going along with bug 3, changed 'Full speed (or root) hub' to:
Full speed or root hub, to make more clear that it's one or the other, or both.

4. For apply_filter(), added test if <superuser required> just return the
string.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ENHANCEMENTS:

1. Going with bug 1, and fix 1, for > 1 cpu systems, will now show for all
cache: items L1: 2x 1.5 MiB (3 MiB), same for L2 and L3. This is far less
confusing than showing the totals without explaining what they are.

2. Going along with 1, now root is not required to show L1 and L3 -Cxx on Linux
as long as the system is reasonably new, about after 2008, and has getconf -a
supported. That support is came in somewhere around 2.10, not sure exactly when.
Debian Etch had it, Sarge did not, Ubuntu 9.10 had it. Tinycore does not have
getconf at all. This will probably be replaced by a more robust full cpu /sys
data tool.

3. Added ht to default short -Cx flag list, that should show, and it's short.

4. Added --no-filter to activate -Z, --filter-override isn't consistent with
other --no-xxx options, even I forgot it. No changes, just another way to use
-Z.

5. For issue #260 added pch as a new sensor output type, it's kind of a builtin
southbridge / northbridge in the CPU die, but it's not a core, and has a
different temp. Will anyone even know what pch is? probably not, but who cares.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CHANGES:

1. No longer showing for > 1 physical cpu systems the sum total of L1/2/3 cache
data. Now shows per cpu L1/L2/L3, and if > 1 cpu, shows for example:

cache: L1: 2x 512 KiB (1024 KiB) L2: 2x 2 MiB (4 MiB)  L3: 2x 20 MiB (40 MiB)

For single physical cpu output remains the same:

cache: L1: 576 KiB L2: 3 MiB L3: 16 MiB

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DOCUMENTATION:

1. Updated help/man for L1/L3 cache -Cxx changes.

2. Updated man and help to suggest -Z for --tty.

3. Forgot to note -v 7 adds -f, added to man/help.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CODE:

* Added 'getconf -a' to debugger, that may be usable for cpu cache data, need to
gather data on that to confirm. that's regading issue #257 cache glitches.

2. Removed all * $physical_count for cache data in cpu_properties, that is now
handled by creating string with cpu count, per cpu caches, and total in parens.

3. Added in fallback failure case for the ZFS file system issue exposed by
accident in issue #258 - will now log in debugger the error, so we can try to
find what is going on there, impossible to reproduce until we find what zfs or
more likely, freebsd, changed there. Could be hyper specific, some weird thing
like a person making a zfs device name with space, impossible to guess. Note
that since the freebsd user declined to supply any data to help resolve this
issue, then closed it, we're back where we usually end up with FreeBSD issues,
either a Linux user (or worse, me) willing and able to find the issue and supply
the debugger data required shows up, OR the issue is ignored as valid but
impossible to resolve.

RANT: Note that this also confirmed to me that in order to preserve my own
sanity and not waste endless hours trying to get data, from now on, unless
utterly trivial, if a FreeBSD user refuses to promptly supply the required data,
the issue will be closed with a freebsd-closed-no-data-supplied label, which
means, valid but not possible to solve due to user refusing to help me help
them.

Come on FreeBSD users!! If you want help, and inxi to support your distro, help
me help you!! If not, then why are you even filing an issue in the first place?
Do you expect faeries to spread magic bug / issue fixing faerie dust over inxi
and then activate it with their little wands? This is growing tiresome to be
honest because it's so utterly predictable.

4. Shuffled order of sensor type detections, there was a slim chance that a non
gpu sensor type could have string intel in it, so put the gpu sensors second
to last, before 'main'.

5. Started refactor of cpu core/cache logic. Added feature to cpu_arch, and
changed it to cpu_info since now it gives by vendor/family/model/stepping both
micorarch and cache/core math array returns. Also started refactor to make more
predictable, with increased comments, about what is going on in cpu_properties
to avoid breaking existing correct results.

6. Added to --debug /sys cpu data globber tool, that will help debugging the new
/sys cpu data feature, will let me insert the file data directly into the logic.

7. Added CpuItem::cpu_data_sys() with debuggers, that will now start collecting
user cpu data whenever the debugger is run, though it's not active yet.

8. Set $Data::Dumper::SortKeys = 1; dugh, could have saved big headaches if had
found this before. Makes all keys sorted cleanly, gets rid of random hash sorts.

---
## [getporter/porter](https://github.com/getporter/porter)@[786738a7c3...](https://github.com/getporter/porter/commit/786738a7c33b725fa1fae253f9ca789438553d33)
#### Monday 2021-11-22 21:20:18 by Carolyn Van Slyck

Use a distroless base image (#1656)

* Use distroless base image

Use a distroless base image for our porter docker images. This
has less of an attack surface because it only ships
the essentials to run porter, not the extra stuff that usually comes
with a linux distribution.

Signed-off-by: Carolyn Van Slyck <me@carolynvanslyck.com>

* Apply suggestions from code review

Signed-off-by: Carolyn Van Slyck <me@carolynvanslyck.com>

Co-authored-by: Nathaniel "Church" Hatfield <church13halo@gmail.com>

* Move agent's run.sh into Go

Since the nonroot distroless image doesn't have a shell, we can't use
run.sh to copy the porter config files into PORTER_HOME at container
start. I have implemented that in Go (sorry it's a lot vs what good ole
cp did for us under the hood).

One trick is that when /porter-config is mounted into the container by
k8s, it uses symlinks like this:

/porter-config
  ..data/porter.config
  porter.config -> ..data/porter.config

So it's not a straightforward as you'd think at first glance.

Signed-off-by: Carolyn Van Slyck <me@carolynvanslyck.com>

* Apply suggestions from code review

Signed-off-by: Carolyn Van Slyck <me@carolynvanslyck.com>
Co-authored-by: Vaughn Dice <vaughn.dice@fermyon.com>
Co-authored-by: Nathaniel "Church" Hatfield <church13halo@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Vaughn Dice <vaughn.dice@fermyon.com>

---

# [<](2021-11-21.md) 2021-11-22 [>](2021-11-23.md)

