# [<](2021-03-07.md) 2021-03-08 [>](2021-03-09.md)

3,355,455 events, 1,538,237 push events, 2,381,689 commit messages, 181,582,260 characters


## [aidelojep/Task-and-Exercises](https://github.com/aidelojep/Task-and-Exercises)@[790ebfe71d...](https://github.com/aidelojep/Task-and-Exercises/commit/790ebfe71deda29f7a2402dc2fab257aeab6c6a6)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 00:10:58 by WirelessAPI

Add files via upload

I think I love to play around with  enums and how they are used to declare CONSTANTS- final/unchangeable variables.

NB:  enums is a keyword,  after declaring the keyword "enum" , you have to separate the CONSTANT values with a comma and use UPPERCASE.
I would love to play around with this for days of the week, months of the year and maybe countries in Africa too....lol.

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[7b2a53acda...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/7b2a53acda8455781472d819cebfd9060b841ae6)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 00:56:53 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-07: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (ON, MB, SK).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “7 new deaths, for a total of 10,472 deaths: 2 deaths in the last 24 hours, 4 deaths between February 28 and March 5, 1 death before February 28.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [BarryMolina/ITDEV164-barry-molina-p1](https://github.com/BarryMolina/ITDEV164-barry-molina-p1)@[998715e1fa...](https://github.com/BarryMolina/ITDEV164-barry-molina-p1/commit/998715e1fadbd0ec67b8fe93e2b1b71d2cdb4730)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 03:37:27 by Barry Molina

Create Painting “to-know-her-is-to-love-her/index”

---
## [SgtHunk/fulpstation-1](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1)@[ba46dd856d...](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1/commit/ba46dd856d62a5cc1a738301dc9b4b574f99532b)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 03:43:57 by SgtHunk

Fuck you Lia

stupud fucking fish i am going to kill you for messing up my integration tests

---
## [CloudedQuartz/kernel_xiaomi_sdm845_wip](https://github.com/CloudedQuartz/kernel_xiaomi_sdm845_wip)@[7e2f8f067f...](https://github.com/CloudedQuartz/kernel_xiaomi_sdm845_wip/commit/7e2f8f067ff82fb0e6f5e6839d45f91df73dad72)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 05:10:22 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Implement new approach to scale select_idle_cpu()

Hackbench recently suffered a bunch of pain, first by commit:

  4c77b18cf8b7 ("sched/fair: Make select_idle_cpu() more aggressive")

and then by commit:

  c743f0a5c50f ("sched/fair, cpumask: Export for_each_cpu_wrap()")

which fixed a bug in the initial for_each_cpu_wrap() implementation
that made select_idle_cpu() even more expensive. The bug was that it
would skip over CPUs when bits were consequtive in the bitmask.

This however gave me an idea to fix select_idle_cpu(); where the old
scheme was a cliff-edge throttle on idle scanning, this introduces a
more gradual approach. Instead of stopping to scan entirely, we limit
how many CPUs we scan.

Initial benchmarks show that it mostly recovers hackbench while not
hurting anything else, except Mason's schbench, but not as bad as the
old thing.

It also appears to recover the tbench high-end, which also suffered like
hackbench.

Tested-by: Matt Fleming <matt@codeblueprint.co.uk>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Chris Mason <clm@fb.com>
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Mike Galbraith <efault@gmx.de>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: hpa@zytor.com
Cc: kitsunyan <kitsunyan@inbox.ru>
Cc: linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
Cc: lvenanci@redhat.com
Cc: riel@redhat.com
Cc: xiaolong.ye@intel.com
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20170517105350.hk5m4h4jb6dfr65a@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Raphiel Rollerscaperers <rapherion@raphielgang.org>
Signed-off-by: CloudedQuartz <ravenklawasd@gmail.com>

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[5fccf059f8...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/5fccf059f8793eae99e3d127139c700746e5e086)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 05:16:57 by Gandalf

Simplifies antagonist scaling coefficient and adds admin feedback (#3902)

* aaa fuck your coefs

fuck

* Update traitor_chan.dm

---
## [SheikhSAli/World-happiness-Report](https://github.com/SheikhSAli/World-happiness-Report)@[672894d543...](https://github.com/SheikhSAli/World-happiness-Report/commit/672894d543e9644ff4fad37aeb519117bb621f7c)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 06:36:06 by Sheikh Shahbaz Ali

Add files via upload

World Happiness Report
Problem Statement:
Context

The World Happiness Report is a landmark survey of the state of global happiness. The first report was published in 2012, the second in 2013, the third in 2015, and the fourth in the 2016 Update. The World Happiness 2017, which ranks 155 countries by their happiness levels, was released at the United Nations at an event celebrating International Day of Happiness on March 20th. The report continues to gain global recognition as governments, organizations and civil society increasingly use happiness indicators to inform their policy-making decisions. Leading experts across fields – economics, psychology, survey analysis, national statistics, health, public policy and more – describe how measurements of well-being can be used effectively to assess the progress of nations. The reports review the state of happiness in the world today and show how the new science of happiness explains personal and national variations in happiness.

Content

The happiness scores and rankings use data from the Gallup World Poll. The scores are based on answers to the main life evaluation question asked in the poll. This question, known as the Cantril ladder, asks respondents to think of a ladder with the best possible life for them being a 10 and the worst possible life being a 0 and to rate their own current lives on that scale. The scores are from nationally representative samples for the years 2013-2016 and use the Gallup weights to make the estimates representative. The columns following the happiness score estimate the extent to which each of six factors – economic production, social support, life expectancy, freedom, absence of corruption, and generosity – contribute to making life evaluations higher in each country than they are in Dystopia, a hypothetical country that has values equal to the world’s lowest national averages for each of the six factors. They have no impact on the total score reported for each country, but they do explain why some countries rank higher than others.

Inspiration

What countries or regions rank the highest in overall happiness and each of the six factors contributing to happiness? How did country ranks or scores change between the 2015 and 2016 as well as the 2016 and 2017 reports? Did any country experience a significant increase or decrease in happiness?

What is Dystopia?

Dystopia is an imaginary country that has the world’s least-happy people. The purpose in establishing Dystopia is to have a benchmark against which all countries can be favorably compared (no country performs more poorly than Dystopia) in terms of each of the six key variables, thus allowing each sub-bar to be of positive width. The lowest scores observed for the six key variables, therefore, characterize Dystopia. Since life would be very unpleasant in a country with the world’s lowest incomes, lowest life expectancy, lowest generosity, most corruption, least freedom and least social support, it is referred to as “Dystopia,” in contrast to Utopia.

What are the residuals?

The residuals, or unexplained components, differ for each country, reflecting the extent to which the six variables either over- or under-explain average 2014-2016 life evaluations. These residuals have an average value of approximately zero over the whole set of countries. Figure 2.2 shows the average residual for each country when the equation in Table 2.1 is applied to average 2014- 2016 data for the six variables in that country. We combine these residuals with the estimate for life evaluations in Dystopia so that the combined bar will always have positive values. As can be seen in Figure 2.2, although some life evaluation residuals are quite large, occasionally exceeding one point on the scale from 0 to 10, they are always much smaller than the calculated value in Dystopia, where the average life is rated at 1.85 on the 0 to 10 scale.

---
## [melodicmods/QuestingUpdate](https://github.com/melodicmods/QuestingUpdate)@[b9f96cf180...](https://github.com/melodicmods/QuestingUpdate/commit/b9f96cf180265ebf6cc98daeea524f1646f038b0)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 07:33:32 by MelodicAlbuild

What in the Holy Hell am I doing with my life at this point.

---
## [QuartzDXTeam/pokequartzdx](https://github.com/QuartzDXTeam/pokequartzdx)@[1d83e8c665...](https://github.com/QuartzDXTeam/pokequartzdx/commit/1d83e8c6658e42d323d921d30b41bd174e349495)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 09:28:41 by Star_Gazr

i've decided i hate editing scripts actually holy fuck

---
## [satyamedh/BerryBot](https://github.com/satyamedh/BerryBot)@[97f335e2e8...](https://github.com/satyamedh/BerryBot/commit/97f335e2e85f23b235d33de1481d12a529594279)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 09:49:28 by satyamedh hulyalkar

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression,
level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal
appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
 advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
 address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
 professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team at satyamedh9@gmail.com. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html

[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq

---
## [kafiulshabbir/sexy-lady](https://github.com/kafiulshabbir/sexy-lady)@[48ef1c1a63...](https://github.com/kafiulshabbir/sexy-lady/commit/48ef1c1a630bad8dbfb0c994fc56824e28174d3b)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 10:27:33 by Kafi Ul Shabbir

sucker looked like a title

I bullied females, in the description of change, what are you gonna do, you big idiotss

---
## [opexception/udacity-project4](https://github.com/opexception/udacity-project4)@[d1bac39a5b...](https://github.com/opexception/udacity-project4/commit/d1bac39a5b4ddc135d9c87dfdeae682674e772a1)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 10:51:55 by Rob Maracle

now I'm cheating because I'm running out of circleci credits, and I've been up all night fighting FUCKING NODE FOR NO GOOD REASON >:[

---
## [newstools/2021-the-daily-mavericks](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-daily-mavericks)@[ecf75f5181...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-daily-mavericks/commit/ecf75f5181cb060f3f9551339c7027d0771b2d03)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 11:27:43 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2021-03-08-paul-simons-graceland-those-were-the-days-my-friends-of-miracle-and-wonder/]

---
## [stlenx/H265-Powershell](https://github.com/stlenx/H265-Powershell)@[7747d4c326...](https://github.com/stlenx/H265-Powershell/commit/7747d4c326f5eb15ca26a9331716ef50c1eca3b9)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 12:08:16 by ixi-your-face

Tidying stuff; some housekeeping. Also fuck you square brackets.

---
## [adrienmillot/holbertonschool-low_level_programming](https://github.com/adrienmillot/holbertonschool-low_level_programming)@[6175e06bf3...](https://github.com/adrienmillot/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/commit/6175e06bf3e484ac8f91af99b96afd07aa3f8928)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 13:47:24 by Adrien MILLOT

A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad

---
## [Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages)@[d2c1c7c345...](https://github.com/Working-Title-MSFS-Mods/fspackages/commit/d2c1c7c345a558745fbbef4c41bf13c05b2f4af3)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 15:35:48 by slip664

CJ4-tunepg-updates (#968)

* TUN button Dispatch mode

-Toggles Dispatch Radio page when TUN is pressed if avionics are in 'composite' mode.

* Changes to TUN Page

-Cosmetic cleanups
-Adds ATC Control Page
-Adds DISPATCH Page

* formatting stupidity

* formatting again...

please for the love of god, format correctly from the github editor.

* More fixes

I'm bad at this. Import formatting from VS to try to make life easier

* github doesn't like tabs

* commit number 4 million

* last formatting

* remove experimental code

* Dispatch Switch Implement

Thanks Matt!
-dispatch switch implemented
-minor updates to press. alt.

---
## [develone/SpinalTemplateSbt](https://github.com/develone/SpinalTemplateSbt)@[f8936f021b...](https://github.com/develone/SpinalTemplateSbt/commit/f8936f021b846d36675368a4bd69b68e7d488efe)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 20:07:34 by Ed Vidal Jr

After adding o_wr to wrapper design rxuart.v for UartCtrlUsageExample.v.
Now the running of ./rxuart_tb psalm.txt provides the psalm.txt to std-out.
This was accomplished by adding the following Verilog code to rxuart.v
+  output              o_wr,
   input               clk
   //input               reset
 );
@@ -66,7 +67,14 @@ module rxuart (
   wire       [7:0]    write_m2sPipe_payload;
   reg                 write_m2sPipe_rValid;
   reg        [7:0]    write_m2sPipe_rData;
-
+
+  reg dum;
+
+  always @ (posedge clk) begin
+     dum <= uartCtrl_1_io_read_valid;
+  end

./rxuart_tb psalm.txt
================================================================================
|                                                                              |
|  The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want.                                  |
|  He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still  |
|    waters.                                                                   |
|  He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his   |
|    name's sake.
|  Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear   |
|    no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.     |
|  Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou      |
|    anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over.                          |
|  Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I    |
|    will dwell in the house of the LORD for ever.

SUCCESS - all 966 characters matched
PASS

---
## [Rkenfield/The-House-Where-They-Dwell](https://github.com/Rkenfield/The-House-Where-They-Dwell)@[0e65917e8f...](https://github.com/Rkenfield/The-House-Where-They-Dwell/commit/0e65917e8fe2edeccd41633488bae948cd0d6d71)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 21:10:59 by geniusofnothing

Laveua fucks off for single player

.Laveua had some other shit to do bitch, so she left.
.Characters are spawned in the level blueprint when a function from the game mode is called.

---
## [bhawley1/NotSoSmart-Objects-Final](https://github.com/bhawley1/NotSoSmart-Objects-Final)@[1c800cc1b7...](https://github.com/bhawley1/NotSoSmart-Objects-Final/commit/1c800cc1b75ffda997b5d74f322b33fbfc4ab595)
#### Monday 2021-03-08 22:29:13 by bhawley1

Update README.md

The original concept was very sweet: a small "Thinking of You" light for couples in long distance relationships (LDR). Intended to be small, the base would have a ribbon sensor used to slide/send your LDR partner a quick light "message" to let them them you're thinking about them. If they happened to see it when it "came in" on their end, they could then press a force-sensitive-resistor (FRS) to send some love back to let you know they got the message. Lit with a 10mm RGB led, the colors could blend from red to pink.

Whether complications with technology or the technologist, that design didn't work out as planned. 

So, plan B: make a single light interact (with the intention of developing it into a communicating light set.)
Wanting to add more layers to the communication, I decided to make the light flash three colors: Miss You Orange, Want You Pink, and Love You Red. This way there could be more layers to the silent communication of the light.
Using a single button, LDR 1 would press it once for Orange, twice for Pink and three times for Red.
The light would then turn on for LDR 2, rotating through all three colors three times (4.5 seconds), and would then stay on the color selected for another 4.5 seconds before blinking on off three times and then, ultimately, turning off again.

No matter how hard I looked, I could not for the life of me figure out how to blink an RGB led on and off. All tutorials showed only select pins turning off––but all three colors/pins are needed to create the color so turning off one would just change the color and not blink.
Secondarily, even after working for some time, suddenly "setColor" no longer worked. (I say suddenly because it worked, and then it didn't.)

Going forward, I would like to follow the above purpose of the "Thinking of You" lights with the added multi-light communicators. I like the dimension it adds while still remaining very simple. Perhaps there would be an added "response"/"I got you babe" button to send a got-your-message-and-ditto light...

Very frustrating but also very rewarding. I have not understood coding through this whole program but this project made it more fun :)

---

# [<](2021-03-07.md) 2021-03-08 [>](2021-03-09.md)

