# [<](2021-11-26.md) 2021-11-27 [>](2021-11-28.md)

2,049,366 events, 1,245,732 push events, 1,665,797 commit messages, 100,393,156 characters


## [voidfill/powercord-fumo-api](https://github.com/voidfill/powercord-fumo-api)@[ed7ef72be1...](https://github.com/voidfill/powercord-fumo-api/commit/ed7ef72be14a9e7faf036c1f491a976c26db9b40)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 01:34:39 by voidfill

apparently we push node modules too because fuck you

---
## [Zeodexic/tsorcRevamp](https://github.com/Zeodexic/tsorcRevamp)@[6c0bcc7ac1...](https://github.com/Zeodexic/tsorcRevamp/commit/6c0bcc7ac142b1399ae40c86961d265b2bf53585)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 04:57:01 by RecursiveCollapse

Attraidies Fixes + Red Heros Set Rebalance

Dramatically reduced Water Spirit Tome damage and changed how its damage scales with distance. Still might not be enough, could reduce its range if so.

Removed recipes for Mechanical Eye, Skull, and Worm so that dungeons can't be skipped.
Fixed Attraidies' Damned Souls not firing projectiles in *single player*.
Fixed Attraidies' Damned Souls despawning if the player got too far away, soft-locking the fight
The Attraidies fight now functions in multiplayer, but Phase 3 still needs a lot of work.
Increased his health, and dramatically increased the health of his Damned Souls.

Red Hero's Set now grants lava resistance instead of full immunity.
Dragoon Set now requires Plantera to die. For now, until we have a better way, this is accomplished by adding Souls of Life used exclusively for this.

---
## [Hahlhdt/swapagarwal9](https://github.com/Hahlhdt/swapagarwal9)@[324a0a4c68...](https://github.com/Hahlhdt/swapagarwal9/commit/324a0a4c68c2ad2b0babedb3193b88607477451f)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 06:43:05 by Hahlhdt

Added quotes and translation (#42)

Added a few more quotes:
"There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and those who don't",
"I love my life",
"I love my house",
"heart break",
 "I like to fix shit"

Added the translation:
"heart": "<3",
"love": "<3",
"like": "<3"

---
## [flahertyb/flahertyb-site](https://github.com/flahertyb/flahertyb-site)@[da46d576fb...](https://github.com/flahertyb/flahertyb-site/commit/da46d576fb0c1c4a148c03de63b3fb5c144599a5)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 08:24:58 by Bart Flaherty

okay

- Image element is good because it forces me to select an area for the image that
	doesnt change as the image loads. that height needs to be explicit though
	and needs to be adjusted responsively. Which is what we want honestly. The height
	can be static for any given screen size. want a continuous caption reading experience
- Image element is good because without it, on slow connections, all the images load
	at once, from top down essentially.
- Image element is not perfect, because it won't load the next picture until you are
	on that part of the slideshow or mayybe it starts loading it when its next up.
	either way, if you swipe through it quickly, the loading delay is kinda w/e, even
	on relatively fast connections.
	Wish there was a way to set it to be lazy loading, until the first few are done,
	then start trying to load the rest of them. But all are mapped through and rendered
	at the same time.
- Setting to preload=true is not good, because the whole app doesnt even render until all the
images are loaded... weird, not how i thought it was supposed to work
- Image element will only work well if we set the `sizes` attribute to be accurate for the viewport width. As it is now, even on smallest possible screen size the Image element tries to load a picture 1024px wide, because it expects 100vw. But also, this could be complicated by retina screen being dishonest about how many pixels are in a given area.

---
## [Atom-X-Devs/android_kernel_xiaomi_scarlet](https://github.com/Atom-X-Devs/android_kernel_xiaomi_scarlet)@[8e45a5a16d...](https://github.com/Atom-X-Devs/android_kernel_xiaomi_scarlet/commit/8e45a5a16db3152031275dfa8749a57763299146)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 10:12:48 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Adam W. Willis <return.of.octobot@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: clarencelol <clarencekuiek@icloud.com>
Signed-off-by: Tashfin Shakeer Rhythm <tashfinshakeerrhythm@gmail.com>

---
## [SpeckyYT/base65536](https://github.com/SpeckyYT/base65536)@[ae8697c480...](https://github.com/SpeckyYT/base65536/commit/ae8697c480f83b27427065350a0715be12140715)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 10:13:06 by SpeckyYT

STOP POSTING ABOUT AMONG US!

STOP POSTING ABOUT AMONG US! I'M TIRED OF SEEING IT! MY FRIENDS ON TIKTOK SEND ME MEMES, ON DISCORD IT'S FUCKING MEMES! I was in a server, right? and ALL OF THE CHANNELS were just among us stuff. I-I showed my champion underwear to my girlfriend and t-the logo I flipped it and I said "hey babe, when the underwear is sus HAHA DING DING DING DING DING DING DING DI DI DING" I fucking looked at a trashcan and said "THAT'S A BIT SUSSY" I looked at my penis I think of an astronauts helmet and I go "PENIS? MORE LIKE PENSUS" AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHGESFG

---
## [rHermes/adventofcode](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode)@[af94c20d03...](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode/commit/af94c20d035ace2e6a47abcc5fcb4456ca480087)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 11:55:31 by Teodor Spæren

2017 Day 11

This is familiar to a previous problem, where there was also a hex grid.
I remembered from that you can express it as a complex number. I went to
my main resource for this[1] and quickly got the formula. I did however,
fuck it up with the distance calculation. I swapped an imaginary for a
real part in one of the operations and that was it.

Once that was sorted it went really quick. Disappointed with my time in
this one, but a good reminder that the guy likes his hex grids.

[1]: https://www.redblobgames.com/grids/hexagons/

Part one: 00:14:35
Part two: 00:01:32

---
## [Project-Elixir/frameworks_base](https://github.com/Project-Elixir/frameworks_base)@[9bfa1c58ee...](https://github.com/Project-Elixir/frameworks_base/commit/9bfa1c58ee696b87e05dfdbbc4979e217a9afedd)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 12:19:59 by Austin T. Conn

base: Forward Port Volume Long Press Skip Tracks [1/2]

Bring Forward Volume Rocker Track Change

Requires Settings Change
(packages/apps/Settings)

* @/brituj : AudioService: Allow volume-key long press even when screen is off

* @/mickaelmendes50 : Adapt to Android 11

Change-Id: I70b00e08fe48707110725dd1daa56b1e48d15a03

Fix volume rocker skip track on Ambient Display and Lift to Wake

we need to check if dream service is dozing before checking
keyguard status

Change-Id: Ic3a6c830496188bb6edf27043cd24eb2d553bb82

Fix long press volume buttons skip tracks

Without that patch, the volume changes up or down prior
to skipping tracks because the sendvolumekeyevent doesn't
have the mayChangeVolume condition. Also, that part is
useless cause the mUseTvRouting condition is taken care
of correctly later.

Change-Id: I88757315f135f013e7692861d46b3a07fbfc07d5
Co-authored-by: Signed-off-by: rituj <ritujbeniwal@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Carlo Savignano <carlosavignano@aospa.co>
Signed-off-by: Alex Naidis <alex.naidis@linux.com>
Signed-off-by: Hernán Castañón <herna@paranoidandroid.co>
Signed-off-by: Joey Huab <joey@evolution-x.org>
Signed-off-by: ugly-kid-af <dwarmachine24@gmail.com>

---
## [osgioia/challenge-rather-labs](https://github.com/osgioia/challenge-rather-labs)@[1b6b205769...](https://github.com/osgioia/challenge-rather-labs/commit/1b6b205769ec61b91ca09a4e3c78bbe387af69f7)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 13:54:25 by Osvaldo Gioia

Fix Fucking Typo

Fuck you Mainqué Green(mainqueg) you're a idiot and never reviewed the code.

---
## [MisterBrash/AdventOfCode-starter](https://github.com/MisterBrash/AdventOfCode-starter)@[5a340391a6...](https://github.com/MisterBrash/AdventOfCode-starter/commit/5a340391a6deeb1a6c637fc7523c61a09278ee0a)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 14:53:07 by MisterBrash

Simplify the code

Thank you for this sample code - and providing the other information for the Advent of Code. I normally run this same thing with my students but don't open it up to the school, and don't offer any tips or sample code, etc. If you have any interest in a different style 'competition' that is less about code and more about Cyber Security, you should look at CyberPatriot next year. Would be happy to assist.

(This modification is for my grade 12 students or higher - **not** a critique of the original code. The original code is a lovely and detailed demonstration of a solution. This is an example of one method of simplification. In fact, it could be simplified further by modifying the for loop, but we'll leave that for now.)

In smaller systems (think IoT) there is no benefit to "extracting" each character into a variable and utilizing that memory space. Instead, test it directly.
For the conditional (if-statement) the ternary operator would make this cleaner. To be clear - this will still cause a "if this, else that" to occur in the background. It just **reads** cleaner in the sense that it is less lines of code. Very common in, say, JavaScript and Python.

If input validity checking is not required, you don't need to check for the ')'. If it's not "up a floor" then it's "down a floor".
The description and sample inputs from the challenge page do not explicitly state if input is always valid but the samples seem to imply that they are.

To be clear - this modification has not been run through a Java compiler, nor tested. I was bored while waiting for someone.

---
## [stlenx/sariku.js](https://github.com/stlenx/sariku.js)@[b7867c5bd3...](https://github.com/stlenx/sariku.js/commit/b7867c5bd30d3b8bfc839ffb7d75a7b2b163f92a)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 17:13:35 by stlenx

finally like making this more standard i guess i need to stop being a cuck omg why do i keep just copying and pasting the same fucking outdated library and updating it on the fly instead of updating the actual thing that is going on github what a mess i have done of myself my fucking god next time i need to update something i need to do it here

---
## [sunny/TryRuby](https://github.com/sunny/TryRuby)@[1f83ba1f7b...](https://github.com/sunny/TryRuby/commit/1f83ba1f7b1d5436fa0e3c13f9f542956b3cc1af)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 17:37:21 by Louis Pilfold

Alter title of try_ruby_110.md

This evening I was going through this Ruby introduction with a student
at a RailsGirls event, which aims to aid women and non-binary people get
into programming and engineering.

Upon coming to page 110 the student was noticably agitated by the title
"Boys are different from Girls". I got the impression that this item of
copy did not make them feel more welcome to our industry.

Perhaps I'm being overly cautious here, but it seems that the title
isn't closely linked to the body of the text, so we could use different
items without losing anything. Here I've opted for two fruit rather than two
genders.

I've been unable to update translations other than English as I don't
speak the languages.

---
## [dreamwhite/eik](https://github.com/dreamwhite/eik)@[8b081a4915...](https://github.com/dreamwhite/eik/commit/8b081a4915cb059dc17a52ea2bbb1e2ebdebc816)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 18:57:16 by dreamwhite

Adios buddy, you were a good friend

Whenever you gotta ask yourself why stuff happens, it's just how things goes. They come and disappear as nothing has ever happened. That's how life works. That's how things should be handled: remove everything mentioning him/her/it.

Sincerely, dreamwhite

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[ed1d91e05c...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/ed1d91e05c3efd7b94aa947493afd9b36779815f)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 19:52:17 by gagan sidhu

47692/4.15.256,FIX:autoch+skip.ADDregion."autotune is the new magic"-randy marsh

*** UPDATE IS CRUCIAL FOR PRE-47525 BUILDS, AS THERE IS AN HTTPD
  BUG THAT WILL ALLOW AN ATTACKER TO GAIN ENTRY WITH THE WRONG
  USERNAME ****

- i have fixed a bug when using the skiplist. turns out the previous
  autochannel selection algorithm ("3") isn't fully integrated yet.
  -so i'm using a different algorithm ("2"), which allows you to skip
  channels that are entered in the GUI (delimited by commas).

- if you have the old defaults in the skiplist, it will now skip those
  channels instead of just setting to 36. if you empty the list or use
  "NONE", then no channels are skipped.

- each radio now now has a 'region' setting that you can use, if you
  care enough. i have tested it for a few and it seems to work quite
  well.

- pushing this to 47692 due to the alleged smbd fixes because people
  seem to use it.

in short:
1. skiplist and autochannel were extensively tested and fixed.
2. i've added a dope (unlocked) region setting.
3. smbd has been updated to fix some issues

lastly: i'll use this as many fucking times as i want.

SINCERELY FUCKING YOURS,
the washington FUCKING redskins.

GO FUCK YOURSELF!

* Shelly's room, evening. Randy knocks on her door *

Randy
        Shelly, that's enough time on your phone.

Shelly
        Leave me alone, Dad! Stop nagging me all the time!

Randy
        You know we're all cutting down on phone time.

Shelly
        [sits up]

        Don't limit me! You don't even understand me!

Randy
        [sees a poster of himself as <'famous' "musician">,
        his secret identity]

        Yeah. I don't understand you at all. A lot you know.

        [walks away saddened]

        *   The Marsh garage    *

*  Randy is adding more stacks of cash to those already  *
*    hidden behind the poster. A door opens and Randy    *
*            quickly seals it up.                        *

* He gets to his workbench just as Stan closes the door. *

Stan
        Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.

Randy
        Oh really? A-About... about what?

Stan
        Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on
        the outside but totally different on the inside?

        [Randy sighs deeply and stands up to walk]

        I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be
        something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Randy
        Yes. Yes, Stan. I am <'famous' "musician">.

Stan
        ...What?

Randy
        It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson.
        He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know?
        Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got
        fed up and pretended to be a woman.
        I called myself <'famous' "musician">. Have you ever been in a
        woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls
        for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was
        in there, and then I- started writing things down.

Stan
        Well you said you knew a guy at work who was
        <'famous' "musician">'s uncle.

Randy
        Yah, that's my cover.

Stan
        The chick that wrote the theme song to the new
        <shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>, is you?

Randy
        Yeah.

        [turns around and faces Stan]

        The record company messed it all up. It was supposed to go:

            "<shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>,
            yah yah yah, yah yah yah! <shitty recession stimulus-funded
            book and movie series>."

        But they just- do what they want with my songs.

Stan
        Wha-wait, <'famous' "musician"> sounds like a girl.

Randy
        Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?

        [moments later, a music program pops up.
        Twelve tracks are shown at lower left]

        I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work.

        I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.

        [plays the highlighted track]

            "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn'
            thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"

            [farts and poop noises]

            "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Stan
        Dad, <'famous' "musician">'s music is actually really good.

Randy
        Thanks.

        But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.

        [replays the same track with drum loops added]

        Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.

        [brings up the quantizer and chooses his settings]

        Backup instruments.

        [scale, beats, bass, tambourine, guitars, strings]

        And then finally I use the Autotune.

        ["Auto-Tuner v10." He chooses his settings there, and
        the song is transformed. The same track is now enhanced
        with <no name shitty "musician">'s voice and no trace of Randy]

            "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday.
            Givine me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn.
            What I need is a little bit of shelter."

        [this is all too much for Stan to take in, and he passes out.]

        [Randy notices]

        Stan?

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d845b2fccc...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d845b2fccca1b452b5b2f4715dafaf40c467d613)
#### Saturday 2021-11-27 20:28:42 by Marko Grdinić

"11:20am. I lounged in bed a bit too much.

11:30am. https://www.reddit.com/r/reinforcementlearning/comments/r33z3g/stack_rabbit_gregory_cannon_breaking_nes_tetris/

Well, let me chill a bit. What is this?

1:20pm. Done with breakfast and chores.

1:45pm. I am having some inspiration.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/r0g2o2/d_ai_safety_needs_great_engineers/

I applied here, but this is not truly what I want. What I want is to pursue my old path. When I threw in the towel, what I should have done is switching to doing work on AI chips. Working on Spiral and spearheading its development is what I should be doing, but I hit a wall. I've been lost I admit.

I said I would quit my old path and trying going the art route, but that is not where my heart truly lies. Just how long has it been since I programmed last? 3 months? It is probably something like that. I could have done that C backend a 100 times over.

1:50pm. I should be working on AI rather than creating stories about the Singularity. If I truly felt I wanted to be a game dev I would not have applied at that AI safety place. I want money, but I do not want a high salary. I want to take what is mine by force. I should have made that agent and made it rampage. So once again....

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/r0g2o2/d_ai_safety_needs_great_engineers/

If these guys can make these heartfelt posts like these, why can't I look for a sponsor in a similar manner?

[D] Looking for a sponsor for a functional programming language for new AI hardware

I should make a post with that title. If there is really no interest whatsoever for this kind of thing then maybe I'll be able to accept that Python + C is really destined to rule.

2pm. I feel like I haven't quite done enough. I haven't thought out of the box. Trying to get through HR into these companies is the wrong way. The same thing goes for holering outside the window of some company CEO in order to get their attention.

2:05pm. I can't get the attention of those that I want. In that case, I should try to get the attention of anybody who would listen. People browse the ML sub in their off time. Some of them might be people working at AI chip companies.

2:10pm. Let me take a bath here. Then I'll start writing the post.

3:05pm.  Yeah, I should either get a sponsor or go the art route. It is either one or the other. I have no choice at this matter. To me AI is ultimately the canvas on which I paint with my will. If I cannot get the canvas I want, then I should get another. But the chance is still there.

///

As the 20s proceed, [novel AI hardware](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/kzsokz/d_list_of_novel_ml_hardware_companies_january_2021/) to replace GPUs will arrive at the scene, but by the looks of things Python + C++ seems like it will be a dominant combination for programming them. This is a huge pity as we could do better than languages created in the 80s and 70s for programming hardware created in the 2020s. I am trying to change this destiny with [Spiral](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language).

Apart from some special features to control inlining and specialization which make it suitable for hardware with no dynamic memory allocation capability like the GPUs, Spiral is quite similar to languages like F# and OCaml. It has static typing, global type inference, first class functions, records, tuples, unions and more as any competent functional language would. Unlike toy languages, it has a well done language server - if you want to try out the language, it is as simple as installing its plugin in the VS Code marketplace. About 3 years of full time work went into it.

I want to make backends for novel AI chips for it, but those cost money which I do not have, and have restricted availability so I might not be able to get them even if I had the money. But various companies will have them, and if you are in the position of utilizing them and want something better than old, poorly designed languages for that kind of work consider [sponsoring](https://opencollective.com/spiral-collective) Spiral. At the very least, I'd need access to those chips in order to make a backend for them. It would really be a waste of my skills if I spent the next few years doing other things while Spiral languished in the background. I believe that had I made it back in the late 00s, it would have become the dominant language for programming GPUs and writing ML libraries in.

Background: See my [resume](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSe88lhaoSZaF-YHKeiA_RlpkPwzLetrIAoY2v6ckbaLn59QQ95nvMC-Cc13hxDsLzVJ-KGE824S1bF/pub).

I am a master of functional programming, and I've been researching poker RL agents since early 2021 when Spiral was good enough for first release. I am quite good at implementing ML papers and have from scratch written a whole GPU based deep learning based library in the past for a previous iteration of Spiral. Making RL agents and a poker game served well to try out the new language and debug it, but pretty much all I've tried failed on full Holdem. To make it work I'd need significantly larger batch sizes, which would make training take too long on my GTX 970. So it is a matter of both not having good enough algorithms and not enough compute.

More broadly than just trying to make an agent for a gambling game, the massive parallelism afforded by these chips could be great for game AI in general. They could allow for simulating games with a large number of independently acting agents. Beyond deep learning, better ML algorithms of the kind the brain uses would also allow for approximately storing large amounts of procedurally generated world data that would be infeasible on current hardware. These algos will get here before long and when they do ML frameworks like PyTorch and Tensorflow will be obsolete. New ones will have to be written.

In the current time, I'd like to try out various things on these chips:

* Implement the Holdem game directly on them and see whether the anticipated 100-1000x speedups are enough to actually enough to make current algorithms tractable for toy games.
* Since the current algorithms are trash, try to evolve something better with the aid of these chips. Right now I would not even think of trying this on the GPU, but novel hardware might make this kind of brutish research tractable. I am too dumb to go beyond backprop directly, but I might be able to figure out the principles if I were given the algorithm up front.
* Unsupervised learning for making art and music. I've spent 6.5 years doing unpaid work mostly around ML, and I'd like to create something tangible like a game others could play for my next project. I am definitely tired of my old approach.

Of course, the above would be done in Spiral, and to make that work at the very least I'd need to create a ref counting C backend for the AI chip. And probably a Python backend that connects to it. This would not be hard for me.

Going into game development is my current path. In order to create my assets without the help of ML I am learning to 3D sculpt and draw on my own, and will move on to learning musical composition after I am done. But doing it all by hand would leave me with much regret and I really should be working on things related to AI. Trying to do game dev feels too much like a cope for not being able to hack it in RL. I still have a lingering attachment to my old path.

My offer to the community is thus - a better way of utilizing future hardware. How interested are you in, and in supporting this kind of work?

///

4:35pm. It is shorter than I through it would be. This is good.

Yeah, this is what I need to do. Not knowing the principles of intelligence, I am so frail right now. Whether it is going into game dev or trying my make language work viable, I am really dependent on others recognizing the value of my work. If that cannot be done I need to try something else. Right now I am still attached to my old path. I applied to that OpenAI spinoff even though I did not want to due to desperation to keep the old flame alive.

But if I want to get attention, I should just put something like this on the front page and deal with the consequences. I'll only do this one time. If it fails, I think I should just accept that as fair criticism of the old path and cut it off completely. Maybe chasing the Singularity is meant for some other time. In that case I should focus on building up the skills that are fun. If I am meant to just live like a human, then I'll cultivate the path of the illusionist.

4:50pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/r3g7kd/d_looking_for_a_sponsor_for_a_functional/

Posted this. I do not want to watch this right now. I'll take a look at the thread tomorrow. With this I'll put the old path behind or in front of me rather than have it hover over me like a ghost. I'll get what I want either way.

Now hands. But before I do that, is there really no way to smooth out the tiny imperfections cause by dyntopo except doing full retopology?

https://blenderartists.org/t/dyntopo-vs-multires-when-to-use-which-one/650710/3

> Cons it doesn’t look good with smooth shading, doesn’t look smooth on it’s own, and can’t subsurf.

Ah, so it is not just me.

> Dyntopo is useful for quickly banging out a rough sketch of the model and for modeling sculptures. Things can get a bit trickier if you try to texture and paint it as going into editmode and vertex/texture paint mode can become quite slow. Undoing things can also become quite slow as well at high polycounts.

> In a sense, a good workflow in my opinion would be dyntopo > retopo > multires sculpt. The reason why is that it’s easier to texture, shade, and rig with a multires sculpt than a dyntopo sculpt.

5:10pm. Ok, I got it. Let me just check out the multires modifier and then I will get started on the hand.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86lVXEneVfc
Blender 2.9 Multires Sculpting Tutorial

5:25pm. That was interesting. Ok, now the hands. How does he do the hands?

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=424

This near the end his work on them.

5:35pm. This is so strange. My glove seems to have gone missing. Ahhh, it is on my seat. Sheesh. How did it get there?

5:45pm. Using the snake hook to just pull the fingers out is not working. Let me use face masks.

5:50pm. No face masks are trash too. Why is snake hook so hard to use?

6pm. Lunch time.

6:15pm. Let me resume.

6:50pm. Sigh, how do I do the thumb?

7:30pm. No it is not going well at all. Maybe I am not in the right state of mind for this kind of work. I am somewhat depressed. Maybe I should have gone the art route from the start. Then I would not have to deal with this uncertainty.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=423

I am not even looking at the reference even though I should be. And I need to dyntopo the whole hand. The difference in resolutions is messing with me. There is a artefact on the thumb muscle which throws things off for me.

8:30pm. Let me stop here for the day. I haven't succeeded at sculpting the hand. I got most of the features right, but I feel like I failed at the basic proportions. The palm of the hand feels big and impressive.

I messed up. I tried making the fingers thin and slender, but just made the hand off proportion as a result.

Maybe I did the wrong thing by starting off with sculpting.

If I was drawing the hand, I could easily erase a few things and adjust the proportions and even start from scratch, but sculpting is such a difficult thing. Get the big things wrong and everything is a wreck.

8:40pm. Sigh. I am not looking at the reference, I am just wasting time. Let me watch how Flycat does it. At least once I figure this out once, I'll figure it out for good. I did the hand once I think, but I haven't quite figured out what makes a feminine hand feminine. I've narroed the hand a bit and it feels a bit less promiment now.

8:50pm. Hmm, this should be super obvious, but the thumb does not have the ability to rotate. So it is always at an 30* angle to the palm.

At any rate, I've narrowd the palm and inflated the fingers a bit.

9pm. Worked a bit on the thumb. Yeah, now it makes a lot more sense. My initial impression that things were off was right.

I suppose now it is decent.

Sigh, I have no idea. The way art works for me right now, it is using the idential process as for programming. In programming I am constantly looking at the program for every which angle until it makes sense, and the same goes for sculpting here. If I had time to focus solely on this I could get good.

9:05pm. I am going to go with this. Maybe it might be worth moving the positions of things a tad so it more closely matches the reference, but it not important. It is quite close.

Right now the only thing left is the head.

So far, my conclussion is that while 3d models might be a substitute for sketching, sculpting is definitely not a substitute for that...

I say that, but aren't things going well for me somehow. Right now, I am slow because I am quite inexperience. Speed only comes with repetitive effert. Though I've done many things, it is rare in my life that I ever do things twice. That is why I am not fast at anything.

Still, doing something like a sketch of the hand should be 5m for a good artist. I've been sculpting how long already today? 4h? Probably something like that.

9:10pm. 3d art is its own thing. It is really a separate branch from 2d.

9:20pm. Tomorrow, I'll do the head. I want to go to 2d as I am tired of sculpting, but I an extra day or two to do the head and retopo the whole thing will not kill me. I'll do that, present my work and give myself the license to draw 2d.

9:25pm. As for that Reddit thread, I'll take a look at it tomorrow. I have no mental energy for it right now. No doubt, I'll waste a lot of my time replying tomorrow. I need to learn restraint when it come to interacting on the internet. A common thread is that I put in too much effort for no reason.

Maybe I'll skip Ruina today. Yesterday I managed to solo Philip using Xiao, but maybe I should do something less intense for just today like catching up with Hero King."

---

# [<](2021-11-26.md) 2021-11-27 [>](2021-11-28.md)

