# [<](2021-02-21.md) 2021-02-22 [>](2021-02-23.md)

3,126,527 events, 1,501,362 push events, 2,378,671 commit messages, 180,204,260 characters


## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[29da125d75...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/29da125d75a81401908e290c7fb3b30777733d8b)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 00:48:28 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-02-21: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (MB, ON, SK).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “15 new deaths, for a total of deaths of 10,307: 7 death in the last 24 hours, 5 deaths between February 14 and February 19, 3 death before February 14.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [KittyBot-Org/KittyBot](https://github.com/KittyBot-Org/KittyBot)@[1cea74ac3b...](https://github.com/KittyBot-Org/KittyBot/commit/1cea74ac3bb202fb575fc5ed9c3596a68ea1dffc)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 00:59:13 by TopiSenpai

fixed not existing option type on mobile fuck you discord

---
## [Dreaming381/lsss-wip](https://github.com/Dreaming381/lsss-wip)@[2af768b86e...](https://github.com/Dreaming381/lsss-wip/commit/2af768b86e3a5cfaa5cf4b66e3dacbb2fc04dff2)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 02:31:11 by Tyler

Bug fixes and credits update from design session

Apparently I forgot how parenting works in DOTS. That was such a stupid bug! I get that maybe someone would want to separate parenting from positioning, but at the same time, does that really justify needing to add two components to an entity to parent something?

Overall, the design session lead to a better mouse look, a material for the k-wings, a sound effect for the k-wings that is very satisfying (it sounds different from within the cockpit in a realistic way that I wasn't expecting), and more bugfixes.

I'll be slowly updating the designs throughout the week, but for now I need to get some more documentation done while my mind is weekend fresh.

I'm really cutting this close to a February release, and I really wish I had some help, but such is life I guess.

---
## [oranche-manufacturing/oranche-standard-issue](https://github.com/oranche-manufacturing/oranche-standard-issue)@[e908de906e...](https://github.com/oranche-manufacturing/oranche-standard-issue/commit/e908de906e26d20c54ec595decbc176982687ac8)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 02:54:33 by rzen1th

dear fleshy, fuck you nigga

made the magazine clatter feel nice mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

---
## [k21971/EvilHack](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack)@[c57d707039...](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack/commit/c57d707039e13d38d912205671bcd32a6303f029)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 03:13:00 by k21971

Create proper racial names for player monsters.

True racial player monsters are now realized, but the level of immersion
was ruined a bit by seeing things like 'dwarven barbarian named Steve
the Pillager'... how many dwarves do you know named Steve? So I took
some time to create structs for each player monster race, for both males
and females. The function get_mplname() has been completely redone. All
of the devteam names have been rolled up into the human race names
struct, and all of the racial names have been created from scratch (big
thanks to https://https://www.fantasynamegenerators.com/ for making this
a lot easier to do).

Also in this commit - using a stethoscope or a wand of probing on a
monster will show its gender. Initially did this to make it easier to
test monster spawns, but then decided what the hell, keep it in.
FYI, neuters currently show as female.

---
## [k21971/EvilHack](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack)@[cabcf47033...](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack/commit/cabcf470334f722faa63508c5dafd65676d5e9d1)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 03:14:41 by k21971

Create proper racial names for player monsters.

True racial player monsters are now realized, but the level of immersion
was ruined a bit by seeing things like 'dwarven barbarian named Steve
the Pillager'... how many dwarves do you know named Steve? So I took
some time to create structs for each player monster race, for both males
and females. The function get_mplname() has been completely redone. All
of the devteam names have been rolled up into the human race names
struct, and all of the racial names have been created from scratch (big
thanks to https://www.fantasynamegenerators.com/ for making this a lot
easier to do).

Also in this commit - using a stethoscope or a wand of probing on a
monster will show its gender. Initially did this to make it easier to
test monster spawns, but then decided what the hell, keep it in.
FYI, neuters currently show as female.

---
## [itsnamgyu/TIW](https://github.com/itsnamgyu/TIW)@[1b6f91d499...](https://github.com/itsnamgyu/TIW/commit/1b6f91d49941fb5618c00a30ba4fa62625bef00f)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 05:05:31 by Namgyu Ho

BAD

Kinda wasted my time at night procrastinating on showering/sleeping (srsly). Reasons...
- Didn't get much done
- Exercise fatigue (BFE)

Solutions
- Coffee :)
- Get shit done

---
## [BahamutAPs/Creature-Battle-Arena](https://github.com/BahamutAPs/Creature-Battle-Arena)@[c281fae29c...](https://github.com/BahamutAPs/Creature-Battle-Arena/commit/c281fae29c883dc61181885214987377c3a499c0)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 05:33:12 by BahamutAPs

Added stupid fucking solution to my script problem; Creature kinda moves

---
## [SquircleSpace/pfds](https://github.com/SquircleSpace/pfds)@[44d68a0373...](https://github.com/SquircleSpace/pfds/commit/44d68a03735b818636630815ab3ed452c96060c6)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 08:09:19 by Ada Avery

WIP: Completely re-imagine the project

Okay, this is a doozie.

I kept thinking about the DEFINE-TREE macro and how much I hated it.
Its MASSIVE, the code is ugly, and its awkward to use.  I kept
thinking about how I wanted generic functions with static dispatch.
It would make DEFINE-TREE so much nicer!

Yeah, there are inline generic functions, but they suck.  They're
skin-deep!  Its so easy to find yourself in a situation where the
compiler doesn't have enough information to eliminate the type
dispatch.  E.g. introducing a helper function can easily break the
type information unless you're very careful.  Also, it inverts the
compile order.  The functions provided by DEFINE-TREE would need to be
compiled AFTER all tree types were defined.  Gross.

I really wished I had C++ templates, honestly.  That's not a thought I
ever thought I'd have!  I went down a rabbit hole of learning about
how exactly they work so I could model them in this project, but
ultimately I decided it was WAY overkill for my needs.

At the same time, I was thinking about how annoyed I was that uses of
generic functions were slipping in here and there just because it was
so awkward to do anything else.  For example, the ITERATOR-TOOLS
module had several calls to generic functions.  I wanted my
implementations of the data structures to be GF-free, but keeping it
that way was proving difficult.

I saw a way for these two problems to be solved at the same time.  If
DEFINE-TREE's functions took in something akin to a C++ vtable, then
they wouldn't need to call any GFs but would still be able to find the
right functions for traversing and manipulating the tree.  Neat!

Ah shoot, but that would lose the neat property of DEFINE-TREE where
all the function calls are completely static.  Vtable dispatch is
probably faster than a GF, but its not as nice as the static dispatch.

Okay, but that's where the idea of C++ templates come in.  What if I
could, on demand, create a "specialized" version of the DEFINE-TREE
functions that consulted a *specific* vtable instead of an arbitrary
one.  Then, a little compiler macro magic would be all it takes to
make the calls to vtable functions into static calls.  Neato!

At that point, why would I use GFs anywhere?  I could just pass
interface objects around and specialize the functions consuming them
as I see fit.

So that's what I did.

---
## [moretzu/tomodachi-bot](https://github.com/moretzu/tomodachi-bot)@[3c541b38be...](https://github.com/moretzu/tomodachi-bot/commit/3c541b38be4a9448ed8d4fe948b21e022e1b1ce4)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 09:46:59 by moretzu

holy shit PEP563 and typing module are quite amazing :O

---
## [boclips/boclips-web-app](https://github.com/boclips/boclips-web-app)@[8ab90ef4d7...](https://github.com/boclips/boclips-web-app/commit/8ab90ef4d7fb2d1a5cb44f5ffff6701e763dea9b)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 11:02:49 by Matt Jones

Introduce a catch all error boundary

This catches all network/js errors and shows a fallback if anything
occurs.
Not in love with the network error boundary as I think it could cause
confusion. The way it currently works is listens to the query cache and
looks for any queries in the error state. It basically means you have to
refresh the page before going back to a working app. It also means we
don't have fine control currently of handling the error if we want to
display something else. If this is the case you'd need to not wrap the
all knowing error boundary so you can handle your error explicitly

[#176804377]

---
## [InfectedLibraries/Biohazrd](https://github.com/InfectedLibraries/Biohazrd)@[817675593d...](https://github.com/InfectedLibraries/Biohazrd/commit/817675593db3e6d2d290e2006951805045d20aad)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 11:27:52 by David Maas

Added namespace awareness to DeduplicateNamesTransformation and fixed some bugs in the process.

This is actually like the third rewrite of this transformation. Turns out that there's a lot of weird little non-obvious edge cases in this transformation. Some were handled before, some weren't. (I added lots of tests to cover these edge cases.)

In particular, in addition to not supporting namespaces, the old transformation did not handle the situations covered by the two DuplicateParentWithDuplicateChildTest tests. The situations convered by these tests are somewhat contrived, but considering this is supposed to be a transformation that saves you from annoying situations and gives you a usable output, I think it makes sense for it to be fairly robust.

In the end I decided the easiest way to handle the issues was simply to de-duplicate the references in the entire declaration tree. Not the most elegant solution, but it's required to properly handle DuplicateParentWithDuplicateChildTest1 in particular.

This rewrite also removes the early pass to find duplicate names and instead de-duplicates as it traverses the tree. As a result, the transformation is now concurrency-friendly for whenever https://github.com/InfectedLibraries/Biohazrd/issues/11 happens.

If it turns out that the extra DeduplicateReferencesTransformation pass is causing too much of a performance penalty to justify the weird edge case it covers, we could make it optional. (Although in the Biohazrd generators that exist today, the vast majority of time is spent in Clang's initial parsing so this will likely never be necessary.)

Note that it is intentional that DeduplicateReferencesTransformation did not get documentation. I'd rather this transformation not be used unless absolutely necessary. If this problem comes up again somewhere else, we might consider including an "index in parent" with VisitorContext/TransformationContext. (I considered this as a solution to the problem here, but Biohazrd's internal architecture makes this hard to do consistently.)

Fixes DeduplicateNamesTransformation for https://github.com/InfectedLibraries/Biohazrd/issues/137

---
## [ReMod-Studios/yarn-and-needles](https://github.com/ReMod-Studios/yarn-and-needles)@[c51eba99c1...](https://github.com/ReMod-Studios/yarn-and-needles/commit/c51eba99c1c79fcd4dc80948ffad4b66cc010208)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 11:31:53 by leoc200

bump to 1.1.0, huge refucktors to gradle (and holy shit it is fast)

---
## [quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz)@[766a7433c4...](https://github.com/quantumblacklabs/kedro-viz/commit/766a7433c43e341e938e9ab8cdade041a5a67691)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 13:00:54 by Richard Westenra

Update large pipeline warning copy (#377)

## Description

1. Let's avoid saying "your pipeline" - we don't want to shame our users for their big-ass pipelines or make them look bad in front of a client. It's not a bad thing to be little on the large side, there's just more to love 😌
2. Let's inject a little levity and humanity into this message - [studies show that even in corporate environments, when people use humour in the workplace, they are 23% more respected and are seen as more competent and more confident](https://www.npr.org/2021/02/08/965572857/the-power-of-humor). Even executives have a sense of humour, they just don’t want us to imply that their work is of poor quality.
3. Let's use 'will' instead of 'might' - as @stichbury said, "I never like the 'might' word, because it implies doubt, and certainty is a nice thing for a reader."
4. Let's avoid needless repetition. There's no need to say "click to render", just show the button which says this anyway. Also, we prefer to avoid saying "click" because this implies that the user is navigating with a mouse, when they might be using a keyboard, touchpad or touchscreen.

## Development notes

I've changed the max-width of the paragraph text to `30em`, as this is the ideal width to split the two sentences onto two lines, and it is dependent on the font-size so the line-split will remain constant if the text size changes.

---
## [RobertImbrie/react-tutorial](https://github.com/RobertImbrie/react-tutorial)@[ea6c386949...](https://github.com/RobertImbrie/react-tutorial/commit/ea6c3869496114edfea566df94f598f9bff2331a)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 16:21:19 by Robert imbrie

Add component state

**Notes:**
- In our last setup, the component was *immediately* passed the data upon being rendered. Question is: how do we get it to 'remember' data and pass it at the right time?
- Answer: constructors and state management!
    - Create a constructor
    - Initialize this.state with your variables
    - onClick (or whatever other trigger), set the initialized variable
- Technically (I think) you could go with the previous methodology and still change the value onClick. However, that's messy and bad!
    - Having state variables in the constructor makes it easy to understand which variables are used by the component
    - Defining them at initialization cuts down on wonky behavior

Whew! Long notes for just a handful of lines.

---
## [angr/archr](https://github.com/angr/archr)@[b14fa28ea0...](https://github.com/angr/archr/commit/b14fa28ea0dba9fee3a5ae3ebe7cdc5a41b388e3)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 17:04:09 by Lukas Dresel

fixed unit tests to use unittest assert methods and also, fuck you linter, be happy already

---
## [ck2plus/CleanSlate](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate)@[34a927b288...](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate/commit/34a927b288283404a527dcd14ce1f223040c7a3f)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 18:15:04 by SuccinctScrivener

mnm_assasin_events

Assassins debt amount owed now visible in the tooltip of the modifier
The assassins_debt modifier was renamed to assassins_debt_modifier as sharing a name with variable was interfering with the localisation.
Only paranoid characters will falsly suspect their spouse of cheating while high, as intended
MNM.6812 now picks more appropriate lovers
The Friend or Foe event chain now chooses a target similar in age to you, rather than dissimilar
Outcome of MNM.6906 now affected by if the target is attracted to the sender rather than themself
Now actually kicks to the backup event if your inductor dies mid induction

---
## [ck2plus/CleanSlate](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate)@[84c4d80625...](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate/commit/84c4d80625211b1adcdfa6dfb2e7778103a87191)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 18:15:04 by SuccinctScrivener

mnm_devil_worshipers_events

fixed a couple instances where event pictures were still gated by dlc
assassins no longer praise Shaytan in the backup recruitment event
now sends the recruitment canceled messages to the correct character.
a message in the middle of the recruitment chain is no longer sent by a random society member
no longer possible for your inductor to show up two weeks early
ai no longer given impossible to target quest targets for the corrupt priest mission
dark healing will no longer remove phantom pain when you are still one-eyed.
failed inductions of prisoners can now make the target possessed/luntic/wounded, as intended
sound effects now play even if you don't have the quest
can now actually gain deceitful and gluttonous in MNM.20049, as intended
MNM.20049 now adds the religion authority modifier to the targeted province's religion rather than the player's.
Now actually possible for soul corruption to cause witch hunters to come after you, as intended

---
## [ministryofjustice/fb-jwt-auth](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/fb-jwt-auth)@[4e0b2d5cdd...](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/fb-jwt-auth/commit/4e0b2d5cdd7e8abe83d52b45cd844cd34d1a224e)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 18:24:29 by brenetic

Supply issuer to service token client

The issuer plays a pivotal role in the JWT authentication mechanism. It
is used when the service token cache makes a call to either the redis
key that holds the public key or more importantly when it attempts to
retreive the public key from kubernetes.

It is actually searching for a config map which contains that public
key. The name of that config map takes the form
`fb-<parameterised-service-name>-config-map` where the
parametersed-service-name can be whatever the service owner calls their
form. e.g my-amazing-form, apply-financial-deputy, leavers etc.

The actual name of this parameter changes depending on which app you are
in on the platform. Here it is known as issuer and is set as the value
to the `iss` property in the JWT.

The Editor uses a parameterised version of the service name in order to
create the config map that contains the public key for a given service
when it publishes said service. However it calls this creation the
`service_slug`.

See:

https://github.com/ministryofjustice/fb-editor/blob/201e91e249d6a61caee60a2ef0eecf7cf626b5fd/app/services/publisher/service_provisioner.rb#L28

and

https://github.com/ministryofjustice/fb-editor/blob/201e91e249d6a61caee60a2ef0eecf7cf626b5fd/app/services/publisher/service_provisioner.rb#L47

The v3 route for the service token cache then expects a path paramter
which is that service slug, but it calls the parameter `application`.

Internally the service token cache then passes the `application` as a
`service_slug` parameter on the PublicKeyService class before finally
being converted for the very last time into what the Kubernetes Adapter
thinks of as a `secret_name`. Except it's actually not a secret name at
all, it's the name of the config map that the Editor created waaaaaaay
back in this commit message.

The important thing to remember is the name of your service is what you
need to pass into the ServiceTokenClient. E.g `apply-financial-deputy`.
Eventually what actually ends up getting requested in Cloud Platform is
`fb-apply-financial-deputy-config-map`. The runner for a given service
is the thing that will have to inject the issuer when generating the JWT
therefore it will need to know its' own service slug from either the
metadata or from an injected environment variable at publishing time.

Amazing.

---
## [noah-glassford/Project-Dragon](https://github.com/noah-glassford/Project-Dragon)@[66125b8965...](https://github.com/noah-glassford/Project-Dragon/commit/66125b896549b812e052cc5bc30d68a140715ebd)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 18:44:58 by Noah Glassford

bullet physics engine can fucking suck me holy shit its so bad (broken)

Im a broken man

---
## [expnkx/fast_io](https://github.com/expnkx/fast_io)@[c3ca08ca70...](https://github.com/expnkx/fast_io/commit/c3ca08ca706306c7030ad1c1f82590f09c676ed7)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 19:29:44 by expnkx

add source_location_wrapper to avoid recall strlen. std::source_location considered harmful FUCK YOU.

---
## [angr/angr](https://github.com/angr/angr)@[378bb91cd8...](https://github.com/angr/angr/commit/378bb91cd82362f7326b24884cee46062a929df4)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 20:42:39 by Lukas Dresel

fixed and standardized the handling of the syscall error register (#2538)

* fixed and standardized the handling of the error register when returning from syscalls in architectures that have the boolean success flag

* handle SAOs

* fuck you, linter

---
## [RomanCoinEmpire/MrRoman](https://github.com/RomanCoinEmpire/MrRoman)@[43c8b5bd6f...](https://github.com/RomanCoinEmpire/MrRoman/commit/43c8b5bd6f59b5055cf004cb8af30534ba6fa2ca)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 21:41:52 by RomanCoinEmpire

Create Pushingtomars.yml

im starting this project because i have faith in myself to build a foundation for my family and a future for my grandkids and keep the RomanCoinEmpire GO TO MARS! i have faith in crypto! which i would like to help support any projects that deal with anything thats with traveling to mars! LETS GOOO! Im a regular person trying to mine with ASICS and trying to switch to GPU's. I'd appreciate and love if you guys can join me in this adventure in building my project to a full crypto coin! open to listening to offers and projects!

---
## [MariaMod/Young-Maria](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria)@[8798d2fa11...](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria/commit/8798d2fa11dc3f0c5edf51630e583958d50472d3)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 21:42:53 by MilkyNail (MariaMod)

Add files via upload

Family Bitch mode update:
- Fixed the 'if' clause in the Park. Now you can't go out while in FB mode
- Fixed the scene with Max (the park dog)
- Changed the Bedroom appearance a bit. Also, now playing with the ball takes 2 hours, instead of 4
- Added a Dog girl magazine to the Bedroom. There you can "acquire" some pet things absolutely free. But you need to reach the required amount of FB Corruption points for this
- For example, you can get the Dog bowl if you have more than 10 FB Corruption points. It restores 20 points of Energy once a day
- Also, there you can find the Canine lube item. It makes your pussy smell like a dog one. It has no particular benefits for now
Other changes:
- Removed the 'End Game' warning in the Bedroom. You saw it in the last days of pregnancy
- Added a new scene by Rachael. Remember that detention scene in the school? Now you can meet a female teacher with a 50% chance. You must have 50 points of Corruption to have sex with her

---
## [pde-bakk/ft_transcendence](https://github.com/pde-bakk/ft_transcendence)@[457ba4137a...](https://github.com/pde-bakk/ft_transcendence/commit/457ba4137a2b8569cf0ef4e5b32038aef5179b0b)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 21:55:12 by Peer de Bakker

why does the Cancel button not work inside the chatbox, fuck you backbone

---
## [Quimoniz/twitter-notifier](https://github.com/Quimoniz/twitter-notifier)@[af9acaa97c...](https://github.com/Quimoniz/twitter-notifier/commit/af9acaa97ce913b64c9f47438266fa857c4a3f33)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 22:03:54 by Quimoniz

Twitter sucks

I tried to fix the whole script,
by specifying a User-Agent header,
however Twitter then sends an html
which references a javascript.

So then I would have to download that
javascript, then I assume extract keys.

And maybe a shit ton of requests later after
de-obfuscating lots of javascript I might
be allowed to finally download twitter data.

No, go fuck this.

---
## [iStealPrefixes/Mod](https://github.com/iStealPrefixes/Mod)@[6b82225660...](https://github.com/iStealPrefixes/Mod/commit/6b82225660036c7df7ffe33328d99416d70ee9b2)
#### Monday 2021-02-22 22:06:46 by Blank256

dont use the block I made for the love of god, I beg of you, DONT USE THE BLOCK I MADE

---

# [<](2021-02-21.md) 2021-02-22 [>](2021-02-23.md)

