# [<](2021-01-27.md) 2021-01-28 [>](2021-01-29.md)

3,089,969 events, 1,443,200 push events, 2,273,388 commit messages, 172,656,034 characters


## [Bubblecum/HippieStation](https://github.com/Bubblecum/HippieStation)@[fdd6830eaf...](https://github.com/Bubblecum/HippieStation/commit/fdd6830eaf63382110b4d242bdade011855c8ef7)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 00:01:47 by carlopault

ChapDrobe now shows when emagged in examine menu when you shift+click the chapdrobe (#12799)

* emag examine oh yeah slammy wammy wakowstic cheezy breezy easy peezy. yoyobatty aint got no mans arms on this slimy. I fucken did it. I have figured out how large Thano’s flaccid penis is. I know what you’re thinking: How could I have done this? Well, allow me to explain. I started out with an image. The picture was of Thanos and Iron Man standing next to each other. This image was exactly what I needed. It came directly from Marvel, so we know for certain that the proportions are correct. Now that we have the two characters, how does one go about actually determining Thano’s length? That’s easy. We only need the length of Robert Downey Jr.’s penis. Luckily, we have a vague idea of just how large that is. Back in 2014, Robert Downey Jr. was quoted saying something along the lines of: “I have a massive dick, and feminism is a joke”. From this statement, we can determine one major thing: Robert Downey Jr. slays women with his massive peen.

* yakama now does spoopy special scream lol

---
## [SgtHunk/fulpstation-1](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1)@[b4419f5b0b...](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1/commit/b4419f5b0b92b55c9049b927f855dabca1e70279)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 00:51:37 by SgtHunk

i'm gonna have to document this on wiki ffs

Soooooooooooo
It's fulpchem all over again
Anyways
What this does:
- Adds processing flags to species and chems, if you don't have the right processing flag, you won't be able to process the chemical correctly
- Tweaks IPC a bit more to make them weaker (They literally revive by healing, ofc they need to be weaker)
- AAAAAAAAAA LOT OF REAGENT PROCESSING FLAGS FUCK
- I'm dying inside please save me
- Overwrites holder.dm in chemistry, and also a bit of negative.dm to make the brain damage quirk function for IPCs

TO DO:

- FUCK FUCK THE BRAIN DAMAGE QUIRK MESSAGE IS FUCKED
- ANDROIDS LIMBS ARE NON-EXISTANT
- AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
- THE FUCKING ZENG-HU PHARMACEUTICS SPRITE STILL EXISTS AND I CAN'T FIND A REPLACEMENT
- Need to tweak a lot of quirks to make IPCs functional with them
- they have a mouth so idk i'll leave it at that and say they have a disk slot to insert food and reagents or smth it kinda makes sense don't ask me

---
## [Dyzza/epic-2-finaltermoutput-Espino](https://github.com/Dyzza/epic-2-finaltermoutput-Espino)@[69e2285a50...](https://github.com/Dyzza/epic-2-finaltermoutput-Espino/commit/69e2285a507e47c66deee97a3a1b2964ea67f6e1)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 02:07:49 by Dyzza

Update README.md

Creating mandala pattern using p5.js.
This is challenging for me to create a pattern using this kind of application. I created a pattern design that reflects our way of life. It'll starts with a small circle that represents a new beginnings in life. Next is the lines connected to the circle is the    obstacles we need to face in order to go on the next journey. The small circles that surrounds is inspirations that no matter what challenges and obstacles that happened, they are always there to motivates you. The thorns allign with big circles and small circles inside means the positive and negative thoughts that comes to our mind especially when we have problems that need to accomplish. Lastly the big circles, each of them group with five to form flowers. So, I choose this design because flowers symbolizes adoration, dedication, spiritual attainment, flexibility, and opportunity. Also symbolic of good luck, wealth, happiness, strength, and ambition.
 That no matter what happens in life there is hope on us. So I will never give up in order to achieve my goals, learn from my mistakes and be positive in life.

I've learned on how to code and made an artwork using p5.js. It was fun but very challenging in my part. Because it was my first time using this kind application.

---
## [denysvitali/surface-pro-x-linux](https://github.com/denysvitali/surface-pro-x-linux)@[c7084edc3f...](https://github.com/denysvitali/surface-pro-x-linux/commit/c7084edc3f6d67750f50d4183134c4fb5712a5c8)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 02:18:49 by Greg Kroah-Hartman

tty: mark Siemens R3964 line discipline as BROKEN

The n_r3964 line discipline driver was written in a different time, when
SMP machines were rare, and users were trusted to do the right thing.
Since then, the world has moved on but not this code, it has stayed
rooted in the past with its lovely hand-crafted list structures and
loads of "interesting" race conditions all over the place.

After attempting to clean up most of the issues, I just gave up and am
now marking the driver as BROKEN so that hopefully someone who has this
hardware will show up out of the woodwork (I know you are out there!)
and will help with debugging a raft of changes that I had laying around
for the code, but was too afraid to commit as odds are they would break
things.

Many thanks to Jann and Linus for pointing out the initial problems in
this codebase, as well as many reviews of my attempts to fix the issues.
It was a case of whack-a-mole, and as you can see, the mole won.

Reported-by: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[1c8b0e3fc3...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/1c8b0e3fc3f9da68989acdcc470a4a50d76e4685)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 02:42:24 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-01-27: DATA CHANGED TODAY. SEE NOTES.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, MB, ON, QC, SK); testing (ON, PE).

Testing in NT declined today compared to yesterday for an unknown reason.

SK did not provide testing data today. They also did not update their usual daily case CSV.

BC did not provide individual-level data today. However, they did provide a breakdown of cases by health region:

“Due to a system error, some dashboard information will not be updated today. Aggregate case counts will be updated today using a backup system. Cases by day, cases (moving avg.), age and sex breakdowns will display January 26, 2021 values.”

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 53 new deaths, for a total of 9,630. Among these 53 deaths, 16 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 30 have occurred between January 20 and January 25, 4 have occurred before January 20 and 3 have occurred at an unknown date.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [StatiXOS/android_kernel_essential_msm8998](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_kernel_essential_msm8998)@[87b5f012c2...](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_kernel_essential_msm8998/commit/87b5f012c2e889014b7ced7f2e3267f5303ffbe2)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 04:57:31 by Sourajit Karmakar

mata: Disable LTO.

Why? I don't know where to begin with this shit... LTO builds boot fine on my side
everytime however, for Anay and Andrew it doesn't. Mata is so unreliable and weird
I don't think it's worth wasting any amount of time behind this thing. Like even typing
this out is a waste of time since I shouldn't be disabling LTO yet here we are...

Die mata, die.

---
## [zclkkk/kernel_xiaomi_raphael](https://github.com/zclkkk/kernel_xiaomi_raphael)@[a2b20233fb...](https://github.com/zclkkk/kernel_xiaomi_raphael/commit/a2b20233fb29f371f63895551e967af176d3610b)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 05:40:38 by hiper25

Ohhhhh my baby WALT, go home and fuck yourself now

---
## [willior/Action_RPG_1](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1)@[d65571fdb8...](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1/commit/d65571fdb8fac8f98d3f27d530899140a3f4fce7)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 05:52:25 by willjeez

level up stat selection functioning properly

behaves fine when multiple level ups happen. haven't programmed it for player 2 yet and probably won't prioritize that for now.
really need to work on the visuals for the level screen. gene audio as placeholder for now
i took away the confirmation for stat allocation. picked the wrong stat? fuck you! though it only confirms when you let go of the button. if you move the cursor before letting go, you won't allocate.

---
## [SamStudio8/elan-nextflow](https://github.com/SamStudio8/elan-nextflow)@[61ecaa5b0e...](https://github.com/SamStudio8/elan-nextflow/commit/61ecaa5b0e9e08b89af84f9e47dc068d7a147d5c)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 11:34:40 by Sam Nicholls

Stop publishing symlinks to daily resolution [#12]

Since Elan first took responsibility for downstream publishing of
artifacts, we've mainted a datestamped directory containing soft links
to all the valid FASTA and BAM for that date; as well as the merged
consensus FASTA and metadata TSV. As COG has scaled, these symlinks have
exploded in number and have slowly but surely become a rather expensive
part of the publishing process.

Toward the end of last year I was able to significantly boost
performance by copying yesterday's symlinks from latest/ into the new
dated directory, rather than creating each symlink from scratch, then
only needing to create (or remove) symlinks based on Elan's changes.

However, when the file system is under heavy I/O, these steps can still
take a significant amount of time. Last night's cp -r of the latest/ dir
took around 90 minutes. It's been my view (#12) since October 2020 that
keeping symlinks at daily resolution is a feature that users are not
taking advantage of and that nothing will be lost if we stop providing
them entirely. After discussion with DIPI and the CLIMB-COVID admins I
have decided to proceed with removing this feature urgently.

This change will cause the Elan post-publish pipeline to manage the
symlinks in a new, hard latest/ directory. Daily directories will no
longer feature a fasta/ or alignment/ directory with symlinks inside.
I have already created the directory and repointed links as appropriate
for this to work on this evening's Elan 20210128 run. This change will
save at least 90 minutes today, as well as allowing the publish pipeline
to continue to scale in future.

---
## [ddiblis/FlashCards](https://github.com/ddiblis/FlashCards)@[33cfa8b0cd...](https://github.com/ddiblis/FlashCards/commit/33cfa8b0cdcdc5995a0184bffeea03cde061ff4a)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 13:03:16 by Wafiq

feat(Layout-folder): Added the fucking files again since I lost them god damn half of them and two fucking hours worth of work because I'm a god damn idiot who pressed and held ctrl z

Fuck this shit

---
## [buthed010203/mindustry-client-v6](https://github.com/buthed010203/mindustry-client-v6)@[1bcb5f4f25...](https://github.com/buthed010203/mindustry-client-v6/commit/1bcb5f4f25a9d2f08c9bb9fe7a215c63a413fbe1)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 14:27:03 by buthed010203

finally made this not scuffed holy shit this took so fucking long oh my god yes

---
## [maveric-coder/practice_arena](https://github.com/maveric-coder/practice_arena)@[13c1be6a0d...](https://github.com/maveric-coder/practice_arena/commit/13c1be6a0de8cfa75f98bb196c7d473d5345c900)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 14:59:37 by Anand

Create Hash Tables: Ransom Note.py

https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ctci-ransom-note/problem?h_l=interview&playlist_slugs%5B%5D%5B%5D=interview-preparation-kit&playlist_slugs%5B%5D%5B%5D=dictionaries-hashmaps

Harold is a kidnapper who wrote a ransom note, but now he is worried it will be traced back to him through his handwriting. He found a magazine and wants to know if he can cut out whole words from it and use them to create an untraceable replica of his ransom note. The words in his note are case-sensitive and he must use only whole words available in the magazine. He cannot use substrings or concatenation to create the words he needs.

Given the words in the magazine and the words in the ransom note, print Yes if he can replicate his ransom note exactly using whole words from the magazine; otherwise, print No.

For example, the note is "Attack at dawn". The magazine contains only "attack at dawn". The magazine has all the right words, but there's a case mismatch. The answer is .

Function Description

Complete the checkMagazine function in the editor below. It must print  if the note can be formed using the magazine, or .

checkMagazine has the following parameters:

magazine: an array of strings, each a word in the magazine
note: an array of strings, each a word in the ransom note
Input Format

The first line contains two space-separated integers,  and , the numbers of words in the  and the ..
The second line contains  space-separated strings, each .
The third line contains  space-separated strings, each .

Constraints

.
Each word consists of English alphabetic letters (i.e.,  to  and  to ).
Output Format

Print Yes if he can use the magazine to create an untraceable replica of his ransom note. Otherwise, print No.

Sample Input 0

6 4
give me one grand today night
give one grand today
Sample Output 0

Yes
Sample Input 1

6 5
two times three is not four
two times two is four
Sample Output 1

No
Explanation 1

'two' only occurs once in the magazine.

Sample Input 2

7 4
ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts
ive got some coconuts
Sample Output 2

No
Explanation 2

Harold's magazine is missing the word .

---
## [jws85/Dotfiles](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles)@[13ffb0593a...](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles/commit/13ffb0593ab8ad019305c7ed3a7cf9ff87069e22)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 15:50:35 by J. W. Smith

Oh wow I guess I needed to set the path???

I must have done one of the fish shell magical universal variable set
somewhere on another box and just ASSumed things, like usual.

I like fish shell for having completion niceties out of the box that require
prezto/omz/hand hacking under zsh, and also for a simpler (albeit noncompliant)
shell language... but I have borderline contempt for the m a g i c k stuff.  I
get it makes things easier for 90% of folks who just have a box or two and are
happy to copy around their one-time configs.  But it goes against 15 years of
my own personal practice.

---
## [siddhubvs/python](https://github.com/siddhubvs/python)@[1108eb0fe0...](https://github.com/siddhubvs/python/commit/1108eb0fe0f927e89ea54009a1e804585082b7e7)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 16:18:04 by siddhubvs

Create Nella's Birthday and Colorfull Balloons.py

Nella's Birthday and Colorfull Balloons
Nella is an eight-year-old princess who will inherit the kingdom of Castlehaven. It is her birthday today and her Dad, the King of Castlehaven has arranged for a grand party. Nella loves colorful balloons and so her Dad planned to decorate the entire palace with balloons of the colors that Nella loved. So he asked her about her color preferences. The sophisticated princess, that is Nella, likes only two colors — amber and brass. Her Dad bought n balloons, each of which was either amber or brass in color.
 
You are provided this information in a string s consisting of characters 'a' and 'b' only, where 'a' denotes that the balloon is amber, where 'b' denotes it being brass colored. When Nella saw the balloons, she was furious with anger as she wanted all the balloons of the same color. In her rage, she painted some of the balloons with the opposite color (i.e., she painted some amber ones brass and vice versa) to make all balloons appear to be the same color.

It took her a lot of time to do this, but you can probably show her the right way of doing so, thereby teaching her a lesson to remain calm in difficult situations, by finding out the minimum number of balloons needed to be painted in order to make all of them the same color.

Input Format:
The first and only line of input contains a string s.

Output Format:
Output a single line containing an integer — the minimum number of flips required.
Refer sample input and output for formatting specifications.
 
Sample Input1:
ab
Sample Output1:
1

Sample Input2:
baaba
Sample Output2:
2

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[bc7614a589...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/bc7614a589d44ba8a134ede3e547d9d85f470a25)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 18:05:07 by Edgar A. Bering IV

Make most monsters single spellbook

Monster spellbook variation was used for a mix of two reasons: flavour
and threat variance akin to monster item use. Unlike monster items,
which are easy to display in the UI, spell books are potentially long,
so tracking which ogre mage on screen is the one with Paralysis was a
serious UI screw which can't be quickly addressed by adding a HUD
indicator.

This UI screw plus cognitive load is not worth it: for most multi-book
monsters the book variations lack enough focus to build flavour and are
rather balanced in their threat levels. This commit changes every
multi-book monster except deep elf mages and (ancient) liches to have a
single book. Specific monsters and the reasoning behind their new books
follow.

The general guiding principle I've followed when assembling the new
book is to try to follow the "feel" of the old book sets that a player
would get if they weren't checking each monster's book carefully.

Faun
----

The old Faun spellbooks were corona + another hex. There are a mix of
Will checking threats in shoals, but often players arrive with lots of
Will gear stacked up. Fauns show up in packs and their Corona+Hex book
was designed to make them amplify other ambient ranged threats. The new
book gives them Strip Willpower in place, for helping one another and other
ambient monsters hex the player.

New Faun book:

- Corona
- Strip Willpower

Deep Elf Knight
---------------

Deep Elf Knights had one book with Icicle, Haste, and Invisibility,
and a second which had Stone Arrow, Force Lance, and Invisibility.
The positional implications of Force Lance are great to keep around,
so it's added to the rest of the first book.

New Deep Elf Knight book:

- Throw Icicle
- Force Lance
- Haste
- Invisibility

Orc Wizard
----------

Orc Wizards had three(!) distinct books, but their most iconic behavior
was confusing the player and going invisible. This is book II, shared
with Sigmund, and this is made into the single Orc Wizard book.

New Orc Wizard book:

- Magic Dart
- Throw Flame
- Confuse
- Invisibility

Blork
-----

Blork the Orc used Orc Wizard book III, this is basiclly preserved but
emergency invisibility is removed from the book since it was quite long.

New Blork book:

- Cantrip
- Magic Dart
- Throw Flame
- Throw Frost
- Haste

Necromancer
-----------

Necromancers had two books which differed only in the choice of bolt
spell. In a large fight where Bind Souls has produced many simulacra,
the player could hide from either bolt by using the simulacra to block
LOF. The new book gives Necromancers Bolt of Draining, which works
better with their mechanic.

New Necromancer book:

- Bolt of Draining
- Agony Range
- Bind Souls
- Invisibility

Wizard
------

Wizards' book assortment conveyed a mix of magics, to imply a mastery.
Based on the D&D class as far as I can tell. To keep that flavor I
picked a range of spells from their books that produced the same "mixed
magic" feel. They share depth with Ogre Magi but don't come in packs, so
I went with fireball and banishment here to differentiate the two spell
sets.

New Wizard book:

- Fireball
- Banishment
- Blink
- Invisibility

Hell Knight
-----------

Hell Knights are one of a couple of late game monsters that cast Pain,
which at their depth isn't much of a threat even when it can beat the
player's Will. Bolt of Fire is good for them, they can just use that.
Perhaps blink should be made non-emergency, but because Hell Knights
come in packs an injured HK blinking away to let a fresh one attack the
player is a nice touch.

New Hell Knight book:

- Bolt of Fire
- Blink (emergency)
- Haste

Ancient Champion
----------------

Another late game monster with Pain. Since they often come in bands with
undead, retaining Bolt of Draining might be good but for now I went with
short and sweet.

New Ancient Champion book:

- Iron Shot
- Haste

Royal Mummy
-----------

Each of the four Royal Mummy books had Smite and Torment, the remaining
mixed Summon Demon, Summon Undead, Summon Mana Viper, Summon Emperor
Scorpions, and Summon Death Scarabs in some combination. Plain Summon
Demon doesn't do much for RMs, Vipers are also quite fragile at the time
Royal Mummies appear and vulnerable to torment, and Mummy Priests
already summon undead. Scorpions are vulnerable to torment, so they're
not the best here, but the flavour is good. Perhaps we could give
emperor scorps rTorm. This is the old Book IV, which has the strongest
Mummy flavour.

New Royal Mummy book:

- Smite
- Symbol of Torment
- Summon Emperor Scorpions
- Summon Death Scarabs

Ogre Mage
---------

Ogre Mages typically come in packs with other Ogres and are notable for
hasting them. Beyond that they have a sort of wizard flavour to their
book set; this consolodation picks Bolt of Magma and Parlayse to round
out the set to differentiate them from Wizards which appear at
overlapping depth.

New Ogre Mage book:

- Bolt of Magma
- Haste Other
- Paralyse
- Invisibility

Tengu Conjurer
--------------

The different Tengu spellcasters have a hodgepodge of "battlemage"
spells. Flavour wise Tengu are supposed to be good at Conjurations and
Air magic, so I settled on the air book from the four book choices.

New Tengu Conjurer book:

- Lightning Bolt
- Battlesphere
- Blink

Tengu Reaver
------------

In keeping with the air theme (though less so conjurations), the new
Tengu reaver book attempts to give them a pair of spells that force a
player trying to melee them to reposition. The monster AI change when it
comes to blocking ranged allies means that the reaver won't block its
lightning spire if it can step aside, so this should interact well. It
might need spell logic to prevent the reaver from summoning 10000 spires
since monsters don't have summon caps, let's see how it plays.

New Tengu Reaver book:

- Freezing Cloud
- Summon Lightning Spire

---
## [pantheon-systems/documentation](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/documentation)@[51f24d9c01...](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/documentation/commit/51f24d9c0131e7067ff6f62a769915a9e42238c4)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 18:48:53 by Amber Thompson

Update solr-drupal-8.md

At minimum the date should be updated to reflect the new End of Life date of December 2021 (click through to the Search API Solr page). Personally, I don't love the "should continue to work" wording as it doesn't instill confidence but technically it's accurate.

---
## [oranche-manufacturing/oranche-standard-issue](https://github.com/oranche-manufacturing/oranche-standard-issue)@[c2f42cf63a...](https://github.com/oranche-manufacturing/oranche-standard-issue/commit/c2f42cf63a4ea8128fcbe0dd498d981abce7bbf9)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 21:24:14 by rzen1th

my life is fuckin horrible

AAAAAAAAAAAH forgot dist sound for machine pistol
DESERT EAGLER SOUND IMPROVEMENTS

---
## [Erendel/higan](https://github.com/Erendel/higan)@[a42ff8ed3d...](https://github.com/Erendel/higan/commit/a42ff8ed3d8734f64bbb8932fc2c7328edb8dab7)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 23:18:29 by byuu

Update to bsnes v034r03 release.

New WIP, with _major_ changes to internal header detection.

This should get everything working, if we're lucky. It does get
Batman: RotJ working for the first time, as well as all the fan
translations.

I'm releasing it publicly, as I need all the help I can get with this
one. Windows binary with ZIP+JMA support included along with source
for the penguins.

    byuu.org/temp/bsnes_v034_wip03.zip


Do note that I left the console enabled in the binary. It's not a
release-grade version, anyway. But the main reason was to print the
scoring information. If any games fail, I'd like that information
posted. Might be good to note really close passes, as well, so we can
keep an eye on them for future changes. Right now, I'm only aware of
SFA2 that gets really really close.

Basically, it prints the address it tests for a header at, the score
it ended up getting, and the reset vector's first opcode. If the
values are equal, it defaults to LoROM, then HiROM, then ExHiROM. If
the reset vector is invalid, or the ROM is too small to contain a
header at a certain offset, you won't see any output for that line!
That means a lot of times, you'll only see one line output, and
sometimes you'll see two or three. No worries, just assume missing
means total fail. It only prints output for "possible" header
locations.

If you do test, you don't have to play in-game or anything. The second
you see any visible output whatsoever, that's good enough.

Many thanks to everyone who tests in advance :D

----------

Hunter and tukuyomi, thank you for the kind words and localizations :)

I really hate that table on the download page, and I need to go
through and get names out of all of the locales, but I'd like to get
an "Author:" field in that table on the download page. Sorry it's not
there just yet.

----------

Fes, thanks for the feedback.

> Apparently it has a limit of 65535 bytes for string literals.


I don't have a workaround for that. For whatever reason, ISO didn't
add an "incbin"-style command, and I need a platform-agnostic way of
encoding binary data.

Not for v035, but maybe a while after that, I'll use a more advanced
compressor to get the controller below 64kb of string data. Maybe I
can rig my order-0 arithmetic coder onto the end of LZSS for a quick
and dirty size cut. The reason I don't use 0xnn, 0xnn, is because that
takes 5 bytes of source to encode one byte of input, whereas base-64
strings only take ~1.25 bytes. I didn't want those files to slow down
compilation much.

> # Next, in dictionary.hpp, the first for loop uses 'i' as its
> counter, then declares 'i' again inside the loop body for additional
> work.


Oops, sorry. Didn't get a warning on GCC, so I overlooked it. This is
now fixed.

> # Cartridge::get_base_filename and Cartridge::apply_patch both claim
> to return a value, but don't seem to do so.


First should return the filename, it's just a convenience thing to
allow chaining commands. The second should return result of patching.
I've fixed both now, thanks.

> # spc_dsp.h, nal/file.hpp, and ups.hpp all attempted to include
> stdint.h, which isn't part of vc++. Are those files perhaps meant to
> include nall/stdint.h instead of the standard one?


Microsoft really pisses me off by intentionally ignoring stdint.h.
nall/stdint.hpp was meant as a workaround, so that I didn't have to
special case Visual C++. The idea was to not require you to get one of
those third-party add-ons.

So yes, two of those were a mistake on my part, I used stdint.h on
them before I created my own stdint wrapper. I've corrected both.

As for spc_dsp.h, that shouldn't be compiled. That is for blargg's
reference, unmodified S-DSP emulator. The ones modified to work in
bsnes do not require it. And in fact, only src/dsp/sdsp will compile
at the moment due to memory map changes.

> # pEditbox::get_text seems to declare a dynamically sized stack
> array, which CL balked at.


Hahah, yeah, that would be C99 syntax. Very nice, that.

Looks like I was allocating length*2 wchars, too. I don't know why I
was doing that ... I don't think Microsoft's system even supports the
extended Unicode symbols that need more than 16-bits, and even if so,
they aren't likely to appear in the emulator.

Dropped that back to length+1, and made it use new[]/delete[],
instead. That's one horribly inefficient routine by the way, but
whatever, it works for now.

The rest I can't do much about, sorry. Hopefully it'll make it easier
for you to compile in the future. Sorry for letting the port slip, I
just don't have the patience to load VS2k5 again. Software takes like
three hours to install >_< and creates slower code than GCC4 anyway.
If they'd fix their damn PGO support, I'd be all over it again,
though.

---
## [Erendel/higan](https://github.com/Erendel/higan)@[48bf3c33ea...](https://github.com/Erendel/higan/commit/48bf3c33ea2ac7a72fb8e2e69080b019c1303bde)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 23:18:29 by byuu

Update to bsnes v047 release.

The most notable feature for this release is the addition of SuperFX support. This enables an additional eight commercial games, and two unreleased betas, to run with full support. Most notably of these would be Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island and Starfox. Though timing is not quite perfect just yet, there should be no known issues with any titles at the time of this release. That means there should only be two official, commercially-released titles that are not compatible with bsnes at this time: Quick-move Shogi Match with Nidan Rank-holder Morita 1 and 2 (using the ST011 and ST018 co-processors, respectively.)
SuperFX support was the work of many people. GIGO was a great help by providing the source code to his SuperFX emulator (for reference; the implementation in bsnes is my own design), _Demo_ was very helpful in getting Starfox to work properly, and Jonas Quinn provided roughly a half-dozen very important bug fixes that affected nearly every SuperFX game. Without them, this release would not be possible. So please do thank them if you appreciate SuperFX support in bsnes.
Please note that SuperFX emulation is very demanding. I hate to have to repeat this, but once again: bsnes is a reference emulator. It exists to better understand the SNES hardware. It is written in such a manner as to be friendly to other developers (both emulator authors and game programmers), and the findings are meant to help improve other emulators. As far as I know, bsnes is the first emulator to fully support all SuperFX caching mechanisms (instruction cache, both pixel caches, ROM and RAM buffering caches, ...); as well as many other obscure features, such as full support for ROM / RAM access toggling between the SNES and SuperFX CPUs, and multiplier overhead timing. By emulating these, I was able to discover what additional components are needed to emulate Dirt Racer and Power Slide, two titles that no emulator has yet been able to run (they aren't very good games, you weren't missing much.) It should be possible to backport these fixes to faster emulators now.
That said, with a Core 2 Duo E8400 @ 3GHz, on average I get ~100fps in Super Mario World 2, ~95fps in Starfox and ~85fps in Doom. Compare this to ~165fps in Zelda 3, a game that does not use the SuperFX chip. My binary releases also target 32-bit x86 architecture. For those capable of building 64-bit binaries, especially Linux users, that should provide an additional ~10% speedup. Be sure to profile the application if you build it yourself.
Lastly on the SuperFX front, note that Starfox 2 is fully playable, but that most images floating around have corrupted headers. I do not attempt to repair bad headers, so these images will not work. Please either use NSRT on the Japanese version, or use Gideon Zhi's English fan translation patch, if you are having trouble running this title.
With that out the way, a few other improvements have been made to this release: xinput1_3.dll is no longer required for the Windows port (though you will need it if you want to use an Xbox 360 controller), the video drivers in ruby now allocate the smallest texture size possible for blitting video, and the code has been updated with preliminary compilation support for Mac OS X. Note that I will not be releasing binaries for this: it is primarily meant for developers and for porting my other libraries to the platform. Richard Bannister maintains a much better OS X port with full EE support and a native Apple GUI that follows their interface guidelines much better than a Qt port ever could. He has also synced the Mac port with this release. You can find a link to that in the bsnes download section.

---
## [Erendel/higan](https://github.com/Erendel/higan)@[7c36c1c871...](https://github.com/Erendel/higan/commit/7c36c1c871f86cf0e1f4f8c4747f1989cf3b5938)
#### Thursday 2021-01-28 23:18:29 by byuu

Update to bsnes v046 release.

Unfortunately, I was not able to include any actual Super Game Boy support in this release. I was however able to back-port all other changes since v045, as well as add a lot of new stuff. Though there are few visible changes from the last release, internally much has changed. I'm releasing this mostly as a point release whilst everything should be stable.
I've decided to support the Super Game Boy via external DLL (or SO for Linux users.) There are many reasons for this. Most notably is that the largest special chip in bsnes right now weighs in at ~30kb of code. Emulating an entire Game Boy, not including the SGB enhancements, would require an additional ~800kb of code, or nearly half the size of the entire SNES emulation core. Add to that potential issues with licensing, conflicts with the build process / namespace, a significant increase to build time, and a lack of flexibility over which Game Boy emulator to use, and it's pretty clear that this is something best left external. At least until we have a fully trimmed, fully working SGB emulator available.
The way this will work is bsnes will look for SuperGameBoy.(dll,so), and if present, it will call out to pre-defined functions. Users will need the SGB BIOS loaded, at which point they can select a Game Boy cartridge, and bsnes will use the DLL for actual emulation. Sadly I don't have a working DLL ready for this release, and even if I did, there's no sound bridge yet for the Game Boy audio.
Other than that, much of the core has been updated in an attempt to make the core more library-like. It still has a few major limitations: it requires libco (which is not portable) and nall (which is quite large), and only one instance can be instantiated as all of the base objects are pre-defined and inter-linked. Not that I can imagine any practical use for multiple simultaneous SNES emulators anyway ...
Changelog:
    - Save RAM is now automatically saved once per minute
    - Added delay to Super Scope / Justifier latching to fix X-Zone
    - Fixed an edge case in CPU<>PPU counter history
    - S-CPU can now run up to one full scanline ahead of S-PPU before syncing
    - Added interface for Super Game Boy support (no emulation yet)
    - Fixed a bug with path selection not adding trailing slash
    - All S-SMP opcodes re-written to use new pre-processor
    - Entire core encapsulated into SNES namespace
    - Core accepts files via memory only; zlib and libjma moved outside of core
    - Major Makefile restructuring: it's now possible to build with just "make" alone
    - Linux: libxtst / inputproto is no longer required for compilation
    - Lots of additional code cleanup

---

# [<](2021-01-27.md) 2021-01-28 [>](2021-01-29.md)

