# [<](2021-12-08.md) 2021-12-09 [>](2021-12-10.md)

3,837,397 events, 1,877,740 push events, 2,789,073 commit messages, 224,736,482 characters


## [Naziran-hub/docs](https://github.com/Naziran-hub/docs)@[9715249853...](https://github.com/Naziran-hub/docs/commit/97152498534342e0c7d71a8e2919dbcc1ed783b8)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 01:11:32 by Naziran Bin Makhtar

Legal Privacy Policy 

  
PRIVACY POLICY

Vnly,Inc asks for and uses your personal information and is committed to keeping this information secure and protected. This Privacy Policy explains why we require personal information and how we collect, use, disclose and secure your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect from you and from third parties both, online and offline but does not apply to any personal information collected by third parties from you.

By accessing or using the Website and Mobile Application, you signify that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Therefore, we encourage you to review this Policy each time you access our Services on our Website and Mobile Application. We may also choose to notify you of material changes to the Privacy Policy by email or by means of a notice on our home page.

The following terms and definitions have been set out in this privacy policy:

“Vnly”, “We”, “Us”, and “Our” means Gimmicks Vnly (MY) Sdn. Bhd. which owns and operates the website, www.vnly.net (“Website and Mobile Application”)

“You” and “Your” means a user of the website and the products and services provided via the website and Mobile Application.

“Services” includes lending and any other related services by us via our Website and Mobile Application.

Collection of User Information:

To create an account on Vnly, you must provide us with the basic details and information required as part of our Customer Identification process and you agree to this Privacy Policy, which governs how we treat your information. During the use of our Services, Website and Mobile Application and App, we may collect information about you from you and from third parties. While some information must be mandatorily provided, others are optional and certain portions of the information will remain private and some will be shared with associated third parties. All information you provide to us is voluntary. This information is including but not limited to the following:

Information about you when you register or when you use our Website and Mobile Application.

Personal and financial information like your name, email address, contact number, gender, date of birth, contact information, address, etc.

Information about your transaction history like spend data, through our app, etc.

We may also collect other personal information such as SMS, contacts, location data, mobile device data, etc.

Your unique identifiers such as username and password, preferences information and transaction history.

Information collected through your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or other social media accounts which have been linked to the account on the Website and Mobile Application.

Information that you provide when you write directly to us (including by email) or provide us over telephone.

Any other information that Vnly is required to collect as per specific mandate from any bank or as a requirement under applicable law.

Aggregate information and electronic data – like the pages viewed, how you navigate through the website and interact with web pages, etc.

By registering for a Vnly account or beginning an application on the Vnly website or mobile application for any product or service, you are consenting to be contacted by us by written notices, email messages, text messages, WhatsApp, or telephone, and, in connection with any such telephone calls, you consent to the use pre-recorded/artificial voice messages and/or automatic dialing devices, at any telephone number associated with your Vnly account, including mobile telephone numbers or at any email address or mailing address we have for you in our records or from other public and nonpublic databases we may lawfully access. You agree that Vnly may contact you using the information you provided with information and offers of services available through Vnly website and mobile application.

The information we collect about you will depend on the products and services we offer, on an ongoing basis. If you do not allow us to collect all the information we request, we may not be able to deliver all these services effectively.

You understand that, by creating an account or by registering through third-party sites, we and others will be able to identify you by your Vnly profile. However, we will not be liable under any circumstance for the generation of your profile or the information you provide therein. Vnly will also not be liable for any information collected in the form of SMS, contact, media or any other sources that the users might upload, the data collection process may extract, the use and misuse thereof.

All the information that you shall provide us is voluntary, including sensitive personal information. You understand that Vnly may use certain information of yours, which has been designated as ‘sensitive personal data or information’ under the IT Rules for the purpose of providing you with the Services and for sharing the information only with affiliates who are subject to this Privacy Policy, as will be explained further below.

Third-Party Sharing of Your Information

We will take utmost care to ensure that your personal information is not shared with the public and that your transactions on the Website and Mobile Application are confidential. If we use any third parties for any of these transactions, we will also make sure that confidentiality is maintained with these authorised third parties. We only share your personal information with affiliated third parties as permitted or required by law. When we share your personal information with vendors and service providers who perform functions on our behalf, we require that they keep your information confidential and secure and that they use it only as is reasonably necessary to carry out their work or comply with applicable law. We may share your personal information with affiliates and as part of joint marketing campaigns with other financial companies. In addition, personal information may be disclosed or transferred to our affiliates and as part of, or during negotiations of, a merger, consolidation, sale of company assets or equity, financing, acquisition, strategic alliance or in any other situation where personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of Vnly.

Protecting Your Information

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the security, confidentiality and integrity of your personal information. We store all the customer data on AWS cloud servers to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls, SSL data encryption and access authorisation controls. In addition, your personal information resides on servers or in areas of facilities that only selected Vnly personnel and contractors have access to.

However, you understand and accept that there’s no guarantee that data transmission over the Internet will be completely secure and that any information that you transmit to us is at your own risk. We assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorised third-party access to our Website and Mobile Application and databases or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control and you shall not be entitled to hold  Vnly responsible for any breach of security.

Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information

Personal information that is not collected on the Website and Mobile Application or in connection with the Service is not generally subject to this Privacy Policy. The Website and Mobile Application may contain links to other websites which may collect personal information. For example, Vnly may have relationships with various service providers whose services you might find useful and are available to you from the Website and Mobile Application, from websites that are linked to the Website and Mobile Application, or in connection with the Service. Those providers may require you to provide personal information to use their services. Unless expressly provided to the contrary, the privacy policy applicable to that website, and not this Privacy Policy will govern the collection, use, disclosure and security of your personal information.

You can access all your personal and personally identifiable information that we maintain by logging in to your account and going to “My Profile”. This section of the site is password-protected to better safeguard your information. To protect the confidentiality of such personal information, you should not divulge your password to anyone. You are responsible for all uses of the Website and Mobile Application by any person using your customer ID and password. As a registered user, you can update physical address, phone numbers, education and employment information at any time on the website.

Tracking, Use of Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Tracking Devices

Cookies are small data files that a website stores on your computer. Vnly uses cookies test page, afyet-sales, samesite for security and to personalise your web browsing experience. We may use cookies for some situations, such as

To allocate an identification number to your Internet browser (you cannot be identified from this number).

To make our Website and Mobile Application more user-friendly. Sent@vnly.net.

To determine if you have previously visited the website.

To track and report on website and online campaign performance.

To identify other pages or third-party websites you have accessed, help@vnly.net.

To detect fraud and for security purposes.

It is possible for you to configure your browser so that it does not receive cookies. However, this means you will be unable to use secure services that require cookies in order to participate. Some of those services include (but are not limited to) our online application and some member features.

Information from Advertisements on Other Websites
Hello@vnly.net.

We place and track advertisements on third-party websites. Like many advertisers, we advertise our products and services, and we contract with third parties to place advertisements, on websites not affiliated with us where we think the advertisements are likely to be most relevant. These advertisements may contain cookies or other mechanisms that allow tracking of your response to our ads. We and our contracted third parties track and report performance of our advertising and marketing campaigns by using cookies, web beacons, and other similar technology, which may be used to collect and store information about user visits, page visits and duration, and the specific ad or link that the user clicked on to visit the site. No personally identifiable information is stored during this process.

Contacting Vnly

If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy or if you believe that Vnly has not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information, please contact us at info@vnly.net. If you are reporting noncompliance with this Privacy Policy, in your email or letter, please describe in as much detail as possible (but without disclosing any sensitive information about you or third parties) the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with.


Legal Privacy 
Vnly Subprocessors
VnlyCode uses the subprocessors listed below to process customer personal information in connection with the Vnlycode Platform and Vnlycode Community. Veracode updates this subprocessor list periodically; the last update was made on September 15, 2021.  Vnlycode will notify you of planned updates to its subprocessor list through the Vnlycode Platform Legally and Vnlcode Community. If you have any objections to Vnlycode using a subprocessor please send an email to Privacy@Vnly.net stating your reason for the objection.  If Vnlycode does not receive a reasonable objection from you sent to Privacy@Vnly.net within 30 days of receiving notice of Vnlycode appointing a new subprocessor to this list, you will be deemed to have approved the use of such subprocessor.

 

Infrastructure & Security-Entity Name-Entity Type-Country

Amazon Web Services, Inc.-Cloud Service Provider
-United States, Germany

Okta, Inc.-User Authentication-United States, Germany

CoreSite-Data Center-United States

Pendo-User Experience-United States

PlexTrac-Penetration Testing Platform-United States

Splunk-Security-United States

 

Marketing & Sales-Entity Name-Entity Type-Country

Alyce-Marketing Services-United States

Avani Media-Marketing Services-United States

Conductor-Marketing Services-United States

Facebook-Marketing Services-United States

GearsCRM, Inc.-Marketing Services-United States

Geiger-Marketing Services-United States

Google-Marketing Services-United States

Lusha Systems, Inc.-Marketing Services-United States

LinkedIn-Marketing Services-United States

Marketo-Marketing Services-United States

Netsuite, Inc.-Sales Services-United States

Onclusive-Marketing Services-United States

OneTrust-Privacy Management Software-United States

Sales Navigator-Sales Services-United States

Salesforce-Sales & Marketing Services-United States

Tech Target, Inc.-Marketing Services-United States

Terminus-Marketing Services-United States

Twitter-Marketing Services-United States

ZoomInfo-Sales Services-United States

 
Customer Support-Entity Name-Entity Type-Country

Client Success, Inc.-Customer Support Services-United States

Accellion-Secure File transfer-United States

Skedulo-Customer Support Services-United States

 

Footer Menu
Legal-Privacy
Cloud Certifications

© 2021 VNLY, All Rights Reserved 33 Published Network Drive, Malaysia MY 22000

---
## [EzioisAwesome56/floatzel-nashorn](https://github.com/EzioisAwesome56/floatzel-nashorn)@[f148ce5e90...](https://github.com/EzioisAwesome56/floatzel-nashorn/commit/f148ce5e907a5a8626595c1990469a2c14c15c0c)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 01:33:33 by EzioisAwesome56

oh my god fuck you cowsay for shitting all over maven

---
## [zenAndroid/oracle-extract](https://github.com/zenAndroid/oracle-extract)@[726bb7f05f...](https://github.com/zenAndroid/oracle-extract/commit/726bb7f05fc4b3ffbcd4c74be3ffb2f3f1fcfab6)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 02:24:36 by zenAndroid

there is a fucking bug in this shit and and i don't know where.

God damn mutating state and unpredictable side effects.
This is seriously pissing me off.

---
## [jrazm/assets](https://github.com/jrazm/assets)@[63d9eae27b...](https://github.com/jrazm/assets/commit/63d9eae27bcb6f878c0906625e7b08599fa0f175)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 03:11:41 by Harris_ng

Add KWS logo and info

Add KWS logo and info
KWS, Knight War Spirits is the official utility token of Knight War The Holy Trio, an intuitive Play-2-earn Action Game on Binance Smart Chain in the Idle Defense genre with a deep and sophisticated Generative NFT Weapon System.

---
## [Helianthus00/Heliostation2](https://github.com/Helianthus00/Heliostation2)@[c95c4575c7...](https://github.com/Helianthus00/Heliostation2/commit/c95c4575c7d449f98fbdd243fa8d4347e771b3bb)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 03:54:19 by Helianthus00

Merge pull request #25 from ReinaCoder/GGG

HOly FUCK MAINTS ARE PAIN SOME BODY HELP ME

---
## [Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest)@[35aa259508...](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest/commit/35aa2595083b56b0b09a2a091a66aeb68f1e15cb)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 04:14:48 by Ruin0x11

I'm slowly starting to understand the point of the code I removed earlier.

Before, I assumed `TransformComponent` was concerned with things like
visual effects that are parented around an entity. Since Elona doesn't
have those, I simplified it to only hold map coordinates.

But actually, Elona *does* have such parenting. The parenting is
implicit, though:

- Items in containers.
- Ridden allies moving with their riders.
- Tag Team partners.
- Entities in maps.

Months ago, when I was dumbly working on ON/LÖVE still, I was wondering how
I would implement vehicles with more than one character inside. All the
characters would need to move as the vehicle moves. There was no
standard way of making this happen in ON/LÖVE, since parenting occurred
on a container level instead of an entity level. HSP Elona simply updates
a ridden ally's position manually at the end of the rider's movement
action.

Robust has parenting at an entity level. Now I understand the point of
`EntityCoordinates`. This also solves the problem of determining an
entity's map, because maps have associated entities, so whatever parent
entity has a `MapComponent` counts as the map. In effect, this system
represents a set of entities as a scene graph. This is simultaneously a
"what the fuck was I thinking for four years" moment and a "I probably
never would have come up with that independently" moment. It's
dreadfully sad, and internalizing these thoughts has almost made me want
to give up on ON entirely in recent days, but the fact is that I've
learned better now.

It's sad that to me that it feels like I'm no better at architecting
complex systems four years into this project of mine, especially since
I've already spent hundreds of hours internally debating how to solve
those exact same problems - by myself. Everyone says you miss 100% of
the shots you don't take. I went for it, and I chose not to stop
working, and now I feel like an in-between case. I've found that there
is only so much I can come up with on my own. There is no rule that says
that all hard work has to pay off in the end. Maybe the only thing I'm
actually good at is maintaining dogged persistence and not knowing when
to give up. Two years ago, much of the external code that I'm using
didn't exist. Was the serendipity of finding other people's better
solutions the only thing allowing me to succeed? I'd hate to think that
way.

If ON is to be a community-driven project, then I can no longer measure
my means of success by how close the engine is to replicating vanilla
like I did in the past, to give myself a self-assuring pat on the back.
That is the one thing that stresses me out the most. The second most
stressful thing is the fact that I'm not actually good with interacting
with people. This is simply an honest fact. Four years of holing myself
up in my room absorbed in nefia fantasies didn't exactly help that.

My mentality is that code is a means to an end, and I don't mind using
as much of any other person's code under a compatible license if it
accomplishes my objective. End result of this mentality: 258,608 lines
of Lua that accomplished my objective. It was a pyrrhic victory. This is
going to be a dangerous mindset for something of Elona's scale, so of
course I'll have to impose quality standards similar to Robust's (no
static classes, etc). I also have no intention of ignoring tests. At the
same time, I'm not actually a game designer. I'm already reusing Elona's
original code to recreate parts of the engine. That's just what happens
to interest me, as opposed to writing original games.  I still believe
there is something noble about that. I'm just wondering if I can get to
the programming parts that sustained my interest for several years in
ON/LÖVE before I lose patience again... like now.

The design of all this also serves as a reminder that stacking and
containers are **irreducible** problems. The difference is that the
container system in ON/LÖVE was left in a poorly thought-out state in
favor of just porting more vanilla things to claim that "it works", and
the addition of choosing Lua changed the tractability of the issue from
"we can improve on this later when the need is more pressing" to "it
really was hopeless from the start."

I am now extremely glad I chose not to release ON/LÖVE.

At least when the ridiculously hard parts of stacking, containers, map
management and map prototyping are over with, *then* the shining work
that holds me together can finally break ground.

---
## [Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest)@[2c50305ef6...](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest/commit/2c50305ef63dc737ac4f33786c08e3f8250e53a3)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 04:15:04 by Ruin0x11

I'm slowly starting to understand the point of the code I removed earlier.

Before, I assumed `TransformComponent` was concerned with things like
visual effects that are parented around an entity. Since Elona doesn't
have those, I simplified it to only hold map coordinates.

But actually, Elona *does* have such parenting. The parenting is
implicit, though:

- Items in containers.
- Ridden allies moving with their riders.
- Tag Team partners.
- Entities in maps.

Months ago, when I was dumbly working on ON/LÖVE still, I was wondering how
I would implement vehicles with more than one character inside. All the
characters would need to move as the vehicle moves. There was no
standard way of making this happen in ON/LÖVE, since parenting occurred
on a container level instead of an entity level. HSP Elona simply updates
a ridden ally's position manually at the end of the rider's movement
action.

Robust has parenting at an entity level. Now I understand the point of
`EntityCoordinates`. This also solves the problem of determining an
entity's map, because maps have associated entities, so whatever parent
entity has a `MapComponent` counts as the map. In effect, this system
represents a set of entities as a scene graph. This is simultaneously a
"what the fuck was I thinking for four years" moment and a "I probably
never would have come up with that independently" moment. It's
dreadfully sad, and internalizing these thoughts has almost made me want
to give up on ON entirely in recent days, but the fact is that I've
learned better now.

It's sad that to me that it feels like I'm no better at architecting
complex systems four years into this project of mine, especially since
I've already spent hundreds of hours internally debating how to solve
those exact same problems - by myself. Everyone says you miss 100% of
the shots you don't take. I went for it, and I chose not to stop
working, and now I feel like an in-between case. I've found that there
is only so much I can come up with on my own. There is no rule that says
that all hard work has to pay off in the end. Maybe the only thing I'm
actually good at is maintaining dogged persistence and not knowing when
to give up. Two years ago, much of the external code that I'm using
didn't exist. Was the serendipity of finding other people's better
solutions the only thing allowing me to succeed? I'd hate to think that
way.

If ON is to be a community-driven project, then I can no longer measure
my means of success by how close the engine is to replicating vanilla
like I did in the past, to give myself a self-assuring pat on the back.
That is the one thing that stresses me out the most. The second most
stressful thing is the fact that I'm not actually good with interacting
with people. This is simply an honest fact. Four years of holing myself
up in my room absorbed in nefia fantasies didn't exactly help that.

My mentality is that code is a means to an end, and I don't mind using
as much of any other person's code under a compatible license if it
accomplishes my objective. End result of this mentality: 258,608 lines
of Lua that accomplished my objective. It was a Pyrrhic victory. This is
going to be a dangerous mindset for something of Elona's scale, so of
course I'll have to impose quality standards similar to Robust's (no
static classes, etc). I also have no intention of ignoring tests. At the
same time, I'm not actually a game designer. I'm already reusing Elona's
original code to recreate parts of the engine. That's just what happens
to interest me, as opposed to writing original games.  I still believe
there is something noble about that. I'm just wondering if I can get to
the programming parts that sustained my interest for several years in
ON/LÖVE before I lose patience again... like now.

The design of all this also serves as a reminder that stacking and
containers are **irreducible** problems. The difference is that the
container system in ON/LÖVE was left in a poorly thought-out state in
favor of just porting more vanilla things to claim that "it works", and
the addition of choosing Lua changed the tractability of the issue from
"we can improve on this later when the need is more pressing" to "it
really was hopeless from the start."

I am now extremely glad I chose not to release ON/LÖVE.

At least when the ridiculously hard parts of stacking, containers, map
management and map prototyping are over with, *then* the shining work
that holds me together can finally break ground.

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[41bed773c8...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/41bed773c8ee69301941b907f34b4668910ef66a)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 04:28:41 by gagan sidhu

47822/4.14.257.fix autochan.randy marsh says autotune is the new magic

i've fixed autochannelselect. it turns out the issue with
autochannelselect=3 was due to the lazy region settings.

from what i can see now, the autochannelselect will even use DFS
channels that the client can actually connect to (this never worked
before). super exciting to see my adapter report that it's on a DFS
channel.

and of course, last but not fucking least: if you don't like the text
that ensues...

G F Y

- the washington _FUCKING_ redskins

* Shelly's room, evening. Randy knocks on her door *

Randy
        Shelly, that's enough time on your phone.

Shelly
        Leave me alone, Dad! Stop nagging me all the time!

Randy
        You know we're all cutting down on phone time.

Shelly
        [sits up]

        Don't limit me! You don't even understand me!

Randy
        [sees a poster of himself as <'famous' "musician">,
        his secret identity]

        Yeah. I don't understand you at all. A lot you know.

        [walks away saddened]

        *   The Marsh garage    *

*  Randy is adding more stacks of cash to those already  *
*    hidden behind the poster. A door opens and Randy    *
*            quickly seals it up.                        *

* He gets to his workbench just as Stan closes the door. *

Stan
        Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.

Randy
        Oh really? A-About... about what?

Stan
        Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on
        the outside but totally different on the inside?

        [Randy sighs deeply and stands up to walk]

        I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be
        something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Randy
        Yes. Yes, Stan. I am <'famous' "musician">.

Stan
        ...What?

Randy
        It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson.
        He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know?
        Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got
        fed up and pretended to be a woman.
        I called myself <'famous' "musician">. Have you ever been in a
        woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls
        for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was
        in there, and then I- started writing things down.

Stan
        Well you said you knew a guy at work who was
        <'famous' "musician">'s uncle.

Randy
        Yah, that's my cover.

Stan
        The chick that wrote the theme song to the new
        <shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>, is you?

Randy
        Yeah.

        [turns around and faces Stan]

        The record company messed it all up. It was supposed to go:

            "<shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>,
            yah yah yah, yah yah yah! <shitty recession stimulus-funded
            book and movie series>."

        But they just- do what they want with my songs.

Stan
        Wha-wait, <'famous' "musician"> sounds like a girl.

Randy
        Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?

        [moments later, a music program pops up.
        Twelve tracks are shown at lower left]

        I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work.

        I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.

        [plays the highlighted track]

            "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn'
            thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"

            [farts and poop noises]

            "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Stan
        Dad, <'famous' "musician">'s music is actually really good.

Randy
        Thanks.

        But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.

        [replays the same track with drum loops added]

        Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.

        [brings up the quantizer and chooses his settings]

        Backup instruments.

        [scale, beats, bass, tambourine, guitars, strings]

        And then finally I use the Autotune.

        ["Auto-Tuner v10." He chooses his settings there, and
        the song is transformed. The same track is now enhanced
        with <no name shitty "musician">'s voice and no trace of Randy]

            "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday.
            Givine me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn.
            What I need is a little bit of shelter."

        [this is all too much for Stan to take in, and he passes out.]

        [Randy notices]

        Stan?

---
## [bykevinyang/abSENT](https://github.com/bykevinyang/abSENT)@[dde12fe981...](https://github.com/bykevinyang/abSENT/commit/dde12fe981fb721fc39ffeffeb9ae656bf110536)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 04:42:37 by Roshan Karim

threading is amazing and works super cool. code is actually anuersym inducing at the current moment. please remember to make it not shit

---
## [FirstLevelGames/Helix](https://github.com/FirstLevelGames/Helix)@[59b6a4a237...](https://github.com/FirstLevelGames/Helix/commit/59b6a4a237cfff44373312949c2fc8895e01e699)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 05:58:48 by NovialRiptide

Bullet Spawners can now be assigned to Entities

AFTER 10 HOURS OF DEBUGGING HOLY SHIT REFERENCE OBJECTS ARE FUCKING ANNOYING

---
## [syyymon/me](https://github.com/syyymon/me)@[d752c5b1cf...](https://github.com/syyymon/me/commit/d752c5b1cf65013c034deccd37c32bac9b05c045)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 07:18:13 by SYYYMON22

enter executr

gh pr checkout 12751customercare@copyright.comhttps://collection.cnn.com/collections/152487;share_key=4d38b556fca12d9a26ec0f8361016413customercare@copyright.comhttps://collection.cnn.com/collections/152487;share_key=4d38b556fca12d9a26ec0f8361016413file:///storage/emulated/0/Download/AudioLabRecording_07-12-21_21-12-31-184%20(1)file:///storage/emulated/0/Download/AudioLabRecording_07-12-21_21-12-31-184%20(1)https://collection.cnn.com/collections/152487;share_key=4d38b556fca12d9a26ec0f8361016413176.113.73.90  Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)  Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605  *#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)https://collection.cnn.com/collections/152487;share_key=4d38b556fca12d9a26ec0f8361016413file:///storage/emulated/0/Download/AudioLabRecording_07-12-21_21-12-31-184%20(1)176.113.73.90  Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)  Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605  *#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)bcocrhttps://collection.cnn.com/collections/152487;share_key=4d38b556fca12d9a26ec0f8361016413file:///storage/emulated/0/Download/AudioLabRecording_07-12-21_21-12-31-184%20(1)customercare@copyright.comgh pr checkout 12751 code is FCHUS-XYLWQ-VDEVM-TZ8MX-WUUWE Print code(com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)

   I CLEARLY DEEPLY EXPRESS THIS STATED REPORT . NOT A WASTE OF TIME BUT A SAVED AND SECURE WELL SPENT 
    TEXT TO AFFIRMED. 
 HOW STUPID AND DAMNMABLE THIS DOGMA BRINGS FORTH 
     CONPLEXECITY ON 
 BOTH CIVIL AND POLITICAL TREASURY RESERVE ON PUBLIC CURRENCY AND SECURITY  OF STATE..
       RW SEC.     MUST GO 
   WE DONT NEED ANOTHER HITLER NEITHER ANOTHER BLACL HISTORY 20 DOLLAR BILL , AND MOST OF ALL ANOTHER MEXICAN THINKING HE IS WHITE AND EVEN PERVERTS THE SEC EXCHANGE  REGISTRY TO BECAME A FULL AMERICAN BY EXCHANGING .. FOOL EXCHANGE IS THY I CALL IT .  NO  RW SEC .. THIS IS MAKING FOOLS GET RICH AND THE POOR IN TO CRIMINALS AND THE WISE EVEN MORE EXALTED , AND THE CRIMINALS EXCHANGING THEM INTO WHITE LAMBS HOLDING BIBLES AND PREACHING AS DECIPLES... NOW FEELS I HAVE TO PAY FOR A MOTHERFUCKER TO TELL ME A STORY OF TRUTH IN REVELATION ACCORDING TO THIS I REALIZE WHY EMMANUEL DIDNT MAKE UP FOR JESUS AND JOHN DIDNT APPROVE HIM EVEN  SO .
       WHO GOT AHEAD OF THE GAME FOR THIS REASON WE DONT REALLY KNOW WHOS SANDAL WAS IN THY NOT TO UNTIE..  FOR THIS RW SEC , WE UNTIE THE WRONG SANDAL EVERY FUCKING DAY AND THIS SHMOCK IS LIVING THE LIFE  AND NOT WALKING IN HIS CALVARY IN RELATION WITH JESUS (FOLLOW ME AND HOLD UP YOUR WOODEN CROSS)   NOW WASHING THE FOOT IS A DECAPITAON OF JONH INDIDE A PRISON AND IN RELATION TO SAMARITANS  MARY MAGDALEN  QUITE DID SOME DIFFERENT THAN JESUS TO SIMON . FOT THIS DAYS A ANSWER IS EWWW AND NOT AWW688566527923370222273146885665.266*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com176.113.73.90

Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)

Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605

outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com176.113.73.90

Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)

Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605

outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com176.113.73.90

Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)

Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605

outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com688566527923370222273146885665.266688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com688566527923370222273146885665.266688566527923370222273146885665.266688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com688566527923370222273146885665.266*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.comoutlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.comoutlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com688566527923370222273146885665.266688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.comoutlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com176.113.73.90

Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)

Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605

176.113.73.90

Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)

Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605

176.113.73.90

Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)

Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605

outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com176.113.73.90

Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)

Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605

688566527923370222273146885665.266688566527923370222273146885665.266outlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.comoutlook_C792DF70BCC27F14@outlook.com*#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)176.113.73.90  Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)  Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605  *#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)176.113.73.90  Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)  Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605  *#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)176.113.73.90  Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)  Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605  *#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)176.113.73.90  Proxy IP: 45.60.195.107 (ID 101357-100)  Incident ID: 1357000290295470700-1417379812389750605  *#*#197328640#*#*, (com.sec.android.app.bcocr:2290:9901:6a143b3b002)

---
## [RoNubThe3rd/suzaxbys](https://github.com/RoNubThe3rd/suzaxbys)@[152b76ebd9...](https://github.com/RoNubThe3rd/suzaxbys/commit/152b76ebd9a447e2aef9425564a4ced07d0ae14b)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 09:03:58 by RoNubThe3rd

Deobfuscated 

I don't fucking care, I just want this shit to execute damnit.

---
## [Vannerss/Project3D](https://github.com/Vannerss/Project3D)@[cb1f5ecf74...](https://github.com/Vannerss/Project3D/commit/cb1f5ecf74c191568cfb76b74fdf797399f43be2)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 13:31:26 by dgonzalez2

STABELBUILDV6

Bee Movie Script

According to all known laws
of aviation,

there is no way a bee
should be able to fly.

Its wings are too small to get
its fat little body off the ground.

The bee, of course, flies anyway

because bees don't care
what humans think is impossible.

Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.

Ooh, black and yellow!
Let's shake it up a little.

Barry! Breakfast is ready!

Ooming!

Hang on a second.

Hello?

- Barry?
- Adam?

- Oan you believe this is happening?
- I can't. I'll pick you up.

Looking sharp.

Use the stairs. Your father
paid good money for those.

Sorry. I'm excited.

Here's the graduate.
We're very proud of you, son.

A perfect report card, all B's.

Very proud.

Ma! I got a thing going here.

- You got lint on your fuzz.
- Ow! That's me!

- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.
- Bye!

Barry, I told you,
stop flying in the house!

- Hey, Adam.
- Hey, Barry.

- Is that fuzz gel?
- A little. Special day, graduation.

Never thought I'd make it.

Three days grade school,
three days high school.

Those were awkward.

Three days college. I'm glad I took
a day and hitchhiked around the hive.

You did come back different.

- Hi, Barry.
- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.

- Hear about Frankie?
- Yeah.

- You going to the funeral?
- No, I'm not going.

Everybody knows,
sting someone, you die.

Don't waste it on a squirrel.
Such a hothead.

I guess he could have
just gotten out of the way.

I love this incorporating
an amusement park into our day.

That's why we don't need vacations.

Boy, quite a bit of pomp...
under the circumstances.

- Well, Adam, today we are men.
- We are!

- Bee-men.
- Amen!

Hallelujah!

Students, faculty, distinguished bees,

please welcome Dean Buzzwell.

Welcome, New Hive Oity
graduating class of...

...9:15.

That concludes our ceremonies.

And begins your career
at Honex Industries!

Will we pick ourjob today?

I heard it's just orientation.

Heads up! Here we go.

Keep your hands and antennas
inside the tram at all times.

- Wonder what it'll be like?
- A little scary.

Welcome to Honex,
a division of Honesco

and a part of the Hexagon Group.

This is it!

Wow.

Wow.

We know that you, as a bee,
have worked your whole life

to get to the point where you
can work for your whole life.

Honey begins when our valiant Pollen
Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.

Our top-secret formula

is automatically color-corrected,
scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured

into this soothing sweet syrup

with its distinctive
golden glow you know as...

Honey!

- That girl was hot.
- She's my cousin!

- She is?
- Yes, we're all cousins.

- Right. You're right.
- At Honex, we constantly strive

to improve every aspect
of bee existence.

These bees are stress-testing
a new helmet technology.

- What do you think he makes?
- Not enough.

Here we have our latest advancement,
the Krelman.

- What does that do?
- Oatches that little strand of honey

that hangs after you pour it.
Saves us millions.

Oan anyone work on the Krelman?

Of course. Most bee jobs are
small ones. But bees know

that every small job,
if it's done well, means a lot.

But choose carefully

because you'll stay in the job
you pick for the rest of your life.

The same job the rest of your life?
I didn't know that.

What's the difference?

You'll be happy to know that bees,
as a species, haven't had one day off

in 27 million years.

So you'll just work us to death?

We'll sure try.

Wow! That blew my mind!

"What's the difference?"
How can you say that?

One job forever?
That's an insane choice to have to make.

I'm relieved. Now we only have
to make one decision in life.

But, Adam, how could they
never have told us that?

Why would you question anything?
We're bees.

We're the most perfectly
functioning society on Earth.

You ever think maybe things
work a little too well here?

Like what? Give me one example.

I don't know. But you know
what I'm talking about.

Please clear the gate.
Royal Nectar Force on approach.

Wait a second. Oheck it out.

- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!
- Wow.

I've never seen them this close.

They know what it's like
outside the hive.

Yeah, but some don't come back.

- Hey, Jocks!
- Hi, Jocks!

You guys did great!

You're monsters!
You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!

- I wonder where they were.
- I don't know.

Their day's not planned.

Outside the hive, flying who knows
where, doing who knows what.

You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen
Jock. You have to be bred for that.

Right.

Look. That's more pollen
than you and I will see in a lifetime.

It's just a status symbol.
Bees make too much of it.

Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it
and the ladies see you wearing it.

Those ladies?
Aren't they our cousins too?

Distant. Distant.

Look at these two.

- Oouple of Hive Harrys.
- Let's have fun with them.

It must be dangerous
being a Pollen Jock.

Yeah. Once a bear pinned me
against a mushroom!

He had a paw on my throat,
and with the other, he was slapping me!

- Oh, my!
- I never thought I'd knock him out.

What were you doing during this?

Trying to alert the authorities.

I can autograph that.

A little gusty out there today,
wasn't it, comrades?

Yeah. Gusty.

We're hitting a sunflower patch
six miles from here tomorrow.

- Six miles, huh?
- Barry!

A puddle jump for us,
but maybe you're not up for it.

- Maybe I am.
- You are not!

We're going 0900 at J-Gate.

What do you think, buzzy-boy?
Are you bee enough?

I might be. It all depends
on what 0900 means.

Hey, Honex!

---
## [MikhailKnysh/StudentTestingSystemFront](https://github.com/MikhailKnysh/StudentTestingSystemFront)@[898673b41c...](https://github.com/MikhailKnysh/StudentTestingSystemFront/commit/898673b41c41eb742248257601ae134b41aabff1)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 13:34:13 by Maksym Lipko

Insanity is doing the exact... same fucking thing...

 over and over again expecting... shit to change...

---
## [VARoDeK/linux-next](https://github.com/VARoDeK/linux-next)@[6471384af2...](https://github.com/VARoDeK/linux-next/commit/6471384af2a6530696fc0203bafe4de41a23c9ef)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 13:41:45 by Alexander Potapenko

mm: security: introduce init_on_alloc=1 and init_on_free=1 boot options

Patch series "add init_on_alloc/init_on_free boot options", v10.

Provide init_on_alloc and init_on_free boot options.

These are aimed at preventing possible information leaks and making the
control-flow bugs that depend on uninitialized values more deterministic.

Enabling either of the options guarantees that the memory returned by the
page allocator and SL[AU]B is initialized with zeroes.  SLOB allocator
isn't supported at the moment, as its emulation of kmem caches complicates
handling of SLAB_TYPESAFE_BY_RCU caches correctly.

Enabling init_on_free also guarantees that pages and heap objects are
initialized right after they're freed, so it won't be possible to access
stale data by using a dangling pointer.

As suggested by Michal Hocko, right now we don't let the heap users to
disable initialization for certain allocations.  There's not enough
evidence that doing so can speed up real-life cases, and introducing ways
to opt-out may result in things going out of control.

This patch (of 2):

The new options are needed to prevent possible information leaks and make
control-flow bugs that depend on uninitialized values more deterministic.

This is expected to be on-by-default on Android and Chrome OS.  And it
gives the opportunity for anyone else to use it under distros too via the
boot args.  (The init_on_free feature is regularly requested by folks
where memory forensics is included in their threat models.)

init_on_alloc=1 makes the kernel initialize newly allocated pages and heap
objects with zeroes.  Initialization is done at allocation time at the
places where checks for __GFP_ZERO are performed.

init_on_free=1 makes the kernel initialize freed pages and heap objects
with zeroes upon their deletion.  This helps to ensure sensitive data
doesn't leak via use-after-free accesses.

Both init_on_alloc=1 and init_on_free=1 guarantee that the allocator
returns zeroed memory.  The two exceptions are slab caches with
constructors and SLAB_TYPESAFE_BY_RCU flag.  Those are never
zero-initialized to preserve their semantics.

Both init_on_alloc and init_on_free default to zero, but those defaults
can be overridden with CONFIG_INIT_ON_ALLOC_DEFAULT_ON and
CONFIG_INIT_ON_FREE_DEFAULT_ON.

If either SLUB poisoning or page poisoning is enabled, those options take
precedence over init_on_alloc and init_on_free: initialization is only
applied to unpoisoned allocations.

Slowdown for the new features compared to init_on_free=0, init_on_alloc=0:

hackbench, init_on_free=1:  +7.62% sys time (st.err 0.74%)
hackbench, init_on_alloc=1: +7.75% sys time (st.err 2.14%)

Linux build with -j12, init_on_free=1:  +8.38% wall time (st.err 0.39%)
Linux build with -j12, init_on_free=1:  +24.42% sys time (st.err 0.52%)
Linux build with -j12, init_on_alloc=1: -0.13% wall time (st.err 0.42%)
Linux build with -j12, init_on_alloc=1: +0.57% sys time (st.err 0.40%)

The slowdown for init_on_free=0, init_on_alloc=0 compared to the baseline
is within the standard error.

The new features are also going to pave the way for hardware memory
tagging (e.g.  arm64's MTE), which will require both on_alloc and on_free
hooks to set the tags for heap objects.  With MTE, tagging will have the
same cost as memory initialization.

Although init_on_free is rather costly, there are paranoid use-cases where
in-memory data lifetime is desired to be minimized.  There are various
arguments for/against the realism of the associated threat models, but
given that we'll need the infrastructure for MTE anyway, and there are
people who want wipe-on-free behavior no matter what the performance cost,
it seems reasonable to include it in this series.

[glider@google.com: v8]
  Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190626121943.131390-2-glider@google.com
[glider@google.com: v9]
  Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190627130316.254309-2-glider@google.com
[glider@google.com: v10]
  Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190628093131.199499-2-glider@google.com
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190617151050.92663-2-glider@google.com
Signed-off-by: Alexander Potapenko <glider@google.com>
Acked-by: Kees Cook <keescook@chromium.org>
Acked-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.cz>		[page and dmapool parts
Acked-by: James Morris <jamorris@linux.microsoft.com>]
Cc: Christoph Lameter <cl@linux.com>
Cc: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Cc: "Serge E. Hallyn" <serge@hallyn.com>
Cc: Nick Desaulniers <ndesaulniers@google.com>
Cc: Kostya Serebryany <kcc@google.com>
Cc: Dmitry Vyukov <dvyukov@google.com>
Cc: Sandeep Patil <sspatil@android.com>
Cc: Laura Abbott <labbott@redhat.com>
Cc: Randy Dunlap <rdunlap@infradead.org>
Cc: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Cc: Mark Rutland <mark.rutland@arm.com>
Cc: Marco Elver <elver@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [quizcanners/Playtime-Painter-Examples](https://github.com/quizcanners/Playtime-Painter-Examples)@[b7805df83d...](https://github.com/quizcanners/Playtime-Painter-Examples/commit/b7805df83d8071804f9045bfe87062e945358799)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 14:00:29 by quizcanners

asd

more

Resharper

Separate Examples

fixed

lc

Shader dependencies

Organizing

Shadow Data

Moved Noise Texture MGMT

moved some shaders

Directory Name fixes

Update Painter_Data_Demo_MoveToResources.asset

cfg2

picker

scene

fixes

shader fix

things

fixes

* god mode

Blurred Screen

SDF from Alpha

cleanup

pix art

small change

asdsad

void Inspect

ывыв

Namespace Fixes

God Mode

Refucktoring

asd

Editor

light caster

IsEntered

Bumped

Shaders

Bevel Shader stuff

more stuff

things

Inspector rework No change MGMT

isFoldout

Update TutorialScene.unity

Perf tex fix

PP_

Old Light Casters removed

Using Refactory

Inspector changed

* OVerride

Lerp

PEGI_Override

Versioning

Moved to painter

Good stuff

Grand Renaming

saving loading

even more stuffs

moved some folders

data

Buildable

compile_local

Some materials

* meta

stuff

Moved Out Procedural UI

stuff

K words

asd

ex

asd

asd

qwe

ChangesToken

TextToken

TextToken

asd

asd

asd

qwe

PegiLabel

---
## [Cumcord/Cumcord](https://github.com/Cumcord/Cumcord)@[f8d14df2e2...](https://github.com/Cumcord/Cumcord/commit/f8d14df2e2bcacb4a02363f5ab820c35ebf17e8e)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 16:32:25 by creatable

forgot to add const to for loop because i am actually a fucking monkey holy shit

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[909511222e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/909511222ecfd4eb74f5115cc806c6a0ecd784a7)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 19:24:27 by Marko Grdinić

"11:40am. It will take some time to undo the sleep schedule damage from Ruina it seems.

1:40pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me finish the thing I was reading and then I will start.

1:45pm. Regrets...

If I went the normie route, I could make enough money to cryofreeze my mother. That would be one way of preserving her life in the face of her cancer.

By going the artist route, I am most likely consigning her to death. The only way I'll be able to get her back after that is to enter the self improvement loop and grow powerful enough to revert the entire universe to how it was before. It really tests the faith in my vision.

It is insane, but there has never been anything sane about bringing people back from the dead.

In the past months, I've noticed my father starting to take over parts of making meals. I think mom should be quite capable of it in her current state, but I can't see this as anything other than preparation for when she is not around.

For the sake of my path, I am sacrificing my friends, family and humanity. This is as it should be.

There is only one way to prove my seriousness. And is by adding another skill point to the char sheet.

Let me start the study session. I need to figure out 2d drawing in Blender. I am going to master this. And once I do, my capability is going to spike drastically. Right now, I am at the whim of the job market, but once I start cranking out content that will no doubt have a positive effect on my livelihood.

It is really a pity I could not do it through RL, but I did do the best that I can with the resources on hand.

2pm. I've shown my attitide. I tried doing it alone, but now it is time to get some eyeballs. I need to get the power to do this.

Art is different from ML and trading. As long as I put in the effort, I will continue getting better. So let me do it.

Focus me.

https://youtu.be/c57qq2nE3B0
Blender 2D/3D for beginners, drawing and animating with greasepencil (blender 2.8) - Part 1/2

Let me start Blender.

https://youtu.be/c57qq2nE3B0?t=475

Let me start from here.

2:25pm. Had to take a break. Let me start properly now.

3:05pm. Oh, the grease pencil has its own sculpt mode. It is different than 3d sculpting, but it has smooth and grab for example. this is quite remarkable.

3:25pm. The way you can press shift to turn on stroke stabilization is really nice. If it is just doing line art, Blender might be a better choice than CSP.

3:50pm. https://markusstrasser.org/extracting-knowledge-from-literature/

///

TL;DR: I worked on biomedical literature search, discovery and recommender web applications for many months and concluded that extracting, structuring or synthesizing "insights" from academic publications (papers) or building knowledge bases from a domain corpus of literature has negligible value in industry.

Close to nothing of what makes science actually work is published as text on the web

///

I should have peeked at HN. Let me get back to the video. I am into it, and will get out of it unless I focus.

4:20pm. https://youtu.be/c57qq2nE3B0?t=1943

I do not know why, but even though I've cranked the value to max, my colors are annoyingly dark compared to the ones here. I have no idea what is going on.

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/185640/grease-pencil-too-dark-render

Ahm I needed to uncheck the use lights option. I see.

4:40pm. https://youtu.be/c57qq2nE3B0?t=2270

Let me just watch from here. I got the gist of it. I am not really interested in animation itself.

5pm. > Many published papers have methodical or statistical errors, are derivative and don't add anything to the discourse, are misleading or obfuscated, sometimes even fraudulent or were just bad research to begin with. Papers are first and foremost career instruments.

Now I am reading that article as I am bored with the video. Let me do it and then I'll finish the vid.

> Life science grads work for cheap, even at the post-grad level. In the UK a good bioinformatician can make 2-4 times of what non-technical lab technicians or early career biologists make. In the US the gap is even larger. The Oxford Chemistry and Biology postdocs I met during bus rides to the science park (from my time at Oxford Nanopore) earned £35k at AstraZeneca 3. That's half of what someone slightly competent earns after four months of youtubing Javascript tutorials 🤷‍♂️.

> You can't put a price tag on exploration and so it is set very low by default. Companies employ “researchers” not for reading literature, but for lab or coding work and the prestige of the “researcher” title pushes salaries down even further.

5:10pm. This is interesting. Let me get back into the fray. I've done too little today.

5:20pm. Done with the video. The actual animation is left for the next video. I'll skip that.

Right now, what is next?

I am really missing hours in the day at this point. Instead of 2pm, I really should be starting at 9-10 if I want to make progress.

Nevermind. My pace will normalize eventually.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=blender+architecture

There is no way around it, let me watch some of this

https://youtu.be/63Aoko0obpI
is Blender good for Architecture

Let me start with this.

https://youtu.be/63Aoko0obpI?t=225

This is a bit interesting. I wonder if there are any finished architectures I could get for free?

5;35pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnqs1RD9tAY
is Blender Good for Game Development

Let me watch this as well.

https://youtu.be/gnqs1RD9tAY?t=404

This work on a hallway is by Yannsculpts. Where did he get all the assets? I need some skill in this.

5:45pm. At any rate I've decided. I am not going to use the grease brush. Rather I need blender to set up the scene. I also want to sculpt the characters so that I can give the models depth.

I am really really going an extra mile compared to what I need for Heaven's Key, but technical excellence will translate into views, which will translate into sales. The only part of the appeal that I can really control are the technical aspects, the rest will have to be as my heart dictates.

5:50pm. Lunch time.

6:15pm. I am back. Let me resume.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xb4ddBuiTU0
Architectural Modeling In Blender Part 1 - Modeling from a FLOOR PLAN

Let me watch this. What about that indian guy who advertized his architectures services at the end of some video?

https://youtu.be/7ax_x_L5AmI
How to use Blender Kit Online Asset Library Addon in Blender 2.8 Series - Addon Tutorial Series

It was by this guy. He says he has an architectural visualization course.

Sigh, I said I would do 2d drawing, so it is really amazing that I am studying architecture as the intermediate step. But somebody has to plan things out, and I can just draw empty rooms.

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T
Blender Architectural and Interior Design Tutorials

There are a few 1.5 hours long videos here.

6:20pm. https://youtu.be/8uw10-XkClg?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T&t=1
Creating a Beautiful House in Blender 2.8 - Architectural Tutorial | Beginner to Advanced

Let me start with this. This is 2h long so I won't watch it all now, but a third should be doable.

https://youtu.be/8uw10-XkClg?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T&t=34

This is nice. I am wondering about the background too. I am going to have to learn to create my own HDRIs.

6:30pm. https://youtu.be/8uw10-XkClg?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T&t=317

Just what is he doing here? Ah, he is making the walls. I thought the CAD data could be used for that directly, but I guess not.

6:40pm. This lecture is languid and is giving me time to think what I want to do. I think these courses are going to be of limited usefulness. ANd for what I want to draw right now, I do not need to wrestle with architecture. It is a VR environment anyway, so I can add a bunch of things and move from there.

I'll add a bunch of objects, turn the base mesh into Luna, then draw and color her doing various things. It might take me a whole month or even more, but it will be an excellent exercise. I should dedicate myself to it. I'll have to do a little bit with a male model as well just so I don't end up only knowing how to deal with females before moving on to sound.

Well, these things inevitably take more than they should. If it is a few months to get all the detailing right, then so be it. I'll learn more doing a single thing to perfection than doing throwaway crap. Learning to make garbage quickly will just teach you to make garbage.

6:50pm. I should cherish this time instead of pushing myself to move on to the next stage before I am ready.

Let me get back to the video.

https://youtu.be/8uw10-XkClg?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T&t=1419

Ok, I think I got a sense of it by now. I have the skills necessary to do this much. Let me skip ahead just so I can see how it ends up. Tomorrow I'll take a look at Yann sculpts stuff.

https://youtu.be/8uw10-XkClg?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T&t=5036

Amazingly painstaking work, but what is 2h to do this? Basically nothing. Just how much time have I wasted doing random crap? Far too

https://youtu.be/8uw10-XkClg?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T&t=6033

Ohhh, it looks nice with the lighting.

https://youtu.be/8uw10-XkClg?list=PLm73d1pMF-WRu50IvCYC3_6-zYvVqYy3T&t=6514

Looks quite nice. One thing I've been wondering aobut is to how to stop Cycles from being so grainy. I'll have to figure it out at some point.

7:30pm. Let me see what Yann Sculpts has.

https://youtu.be/gWwkpLSGy7Q?t=125

The way he rescales the face is interesting. I never thought of doing it like this.

https://youtu.be/ObL-qhcCBDE?t=26

Shit he is good. The way he sets up the base mesh is amazing.

https://youtu.be/ObL-qhcCBDE?t=134

This guy is worth learning from since he focuses on anime characters.

https://youtu.be/ObL-qhcCBDE?t=386

Huh, what is he doing here?

7:55pm. Let me close here. Forget realistic apartments, resorts and shit like that. Just slap shit down and draw it. Nobody is going to complain to me about the lack of architectural realism.

8pm. I'll have to learn how reflections and water work to make my ideas into reality, but that should not be too hard. The housemaking guy did not do anything fancy that I did not know about.

I just need to focus and get into it. I need to improve the base mesh and rig it. I should try making a complete character with hair and skin color. There is no need to stop here, none at all.

I can really draw anything. But not from imagination, and that is the biggest problem that Blender can address. If you asked an average pro artist if he could rotate an image by 2 degress, he probably could not do it. But Blender could and that makes it the ideal sketching tool.

I need to keep going. I should be able to make the base mesh in a snap.

8:05pm. Tomorrow, I will make that character limbo and the HDRI for it. I am going to deeply familiarize myself with making the environment. If I can get good at sculpting characters and making environments, then I do not need anything else. I will be ready as an artist.

It will take effort, but the goal I have is clear.

I guess I'll delay my entry into drawing for a while longer. I need to iron out my 3d skills.

8:10pm. Tomorrow, I will sturd out with a carved out ball and make my way from there. I'll lay down a mirror, some sofas, and a wardrobe. A pool filled with water to the side of the resort along with those summer tables and seats. Some lights around the place. Railings...

A central point of the scene will of course be a big portal leading into the game.

8:15pm. I meant to really just do one or two images, but now I want to do all sorts of scenarios. And I will do them.

Right now I am at about low 2/5. If I can do this exercise I will be deep into the 2/5 realm. At 3/5, which I will reach eventually, I'll have the skills to be a pro artist.

3/5 in art and 3/5 in music should be quite useful. My 5/5 in programming should play a role at some point.

8:20pm. Now let me have some fun. I'll try to go to bed at 12am, unlike 1am yesterday. Unless Lobotomy Corp steals my soul like Ruina, that should be happening.

I need to dedicate myself to this path. I'll want to do a decent amount of modeling tomorrow. I should be modeling, sculpting and drawing every day instead of constantly watching lectures like today. I am going to get serious."

---
## [McFranko/wohlstand-central-bank](https://github.com/McFranko/wohlstand-central-bank)@[ec42b7f750...](https://github.com/McFranko/wohlstand-central-bank/commit/ec42b7f7508a5e18516a8fed86537f49cefc42ec)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 22:15:50 by Ellis Frank

fuixed more shit fuck youy i won't write good commit messages eat shit

---
## [KennyThrug/KGLGE](https://github.com/KennyThrug/KGLGE)@[968e40ff87...](https://github.com/KennyThrug/KGLGE/commit/968e40ff877ade1bea0ca56d98b674742244b1d7)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 22:34:45 by KennyThrug

Get Rid of Warnings

I know this is totally in the wrong branch, but like, I wanted to get rid of the warnings... Oops I'm the only person working on this project so fuck you

---
## [loftyGiraffe/prime-ape-last](https://github.com/loftyGiraffe/prime-ape-last)@[90f6f69eeb...](https://github.com/loftyGiraffe/prime-ape-last/commit/90f6f69eebcccb98ba67135b4a764e23051e9031)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 22:49:28 by loftyGiraffe

Delete stop-stealing-my-ideas-you-fcking-piece-of-shit.Dumb-fucker.png

---
## [ashfordneil/advent-of-code-2021](https://github.com/ashfordneil/advent-of-code-2021)@[bec04df2df...](https://github.com/ashfordneil/advent-of-code-2021/commit/bec04df2dfaa7a5dd671c4f802ab04a7fb085614)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 23:53:47 by Neil Ashford

Day 9 done, but at what cost?

This one was brutal, and mostly because I took the complete wrong
approach implementing it for the first time. Anyway, some refactoring
later and it's looking okay. So what went wrong?

Firstly, I didn't build a nice abstraction around finding neighbours.
Finding neighbours, and accounting for out-of-bounds cases, is
something that got messy pretty quickly in rust, due to the fact that
you're forced to handle it at the type level, rather than just with
normal bounds checks. ".checked_sub" anyone? But that's not the end
of the world - messy code still gets points in challenges like this,
and I make a point to refactor before I upload the code anyway. So
what really went wrong?

I missed an algorithm thing, I guess. The core of part two (the way I
implemented it, at least) is finding a "canonical" representation of
a basin that can be easily hashed, and finding a method to turn a
point in the basin into its canonical representation. Once you've got
that, it's a simple matter of looping through the points, filling up
a "which basin is biggest" HashMap, and then looping through that to
find the largest basins. The tricky bit is that canonical
representation...

In the solution I've committed, the canonical representation is just
the coordinates of the low point of the basin. I realised overnight
that you can just walk down a lava flow to reach the lowest point
(and that you wouldn't even have to do the colouring or branching
that most graph algorithms involve). However, the version I committed
was a lot worse.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disjoint-set_data_structure

That's what I did. I remember running into these in my second year of
uni, and I basically never forgot about them. My "canonical
representation of a basin" became the set representative, and I just
walked through the map joining sets together left right and centre.
In theory, it wasn't a bad solution. If it wasn't for the fact that
every basin is guaranteed to have a single low point that's easy to
reach, it would probably be the optimal way to solve this (with some
tidying up). But it turns out remembering how these data structures
work and implementing an algorithm with one in practice are two very
different things. Who would have guessed? Anyway, here are some of
the things that went wrong.

1. Accidentally made two elements each-others' representatives. Boom!
Stack Overflow! And it turns out, stack overflows kill whatever
mechanism flushes stdout on exit, so I couldn't see my debug print
statements either.

2. Forgot to re-flatten paths when I was summing up how big each
basin was at the end. Turns out that set representatives are only a
canonical representation if you flatten them out - otherwise they're
just nodes halfway down a tree. And so my basins didn't join up well
enough, meaning I had too many basins that were too small.

3. Just as a debugging thing, set representatives aren't great to look
at when figuring out where your bugs are. Unlike the low point of a
basin, there is no real way for me to look at a map of the inputs and
figure out where the set representative is meant to be. Which means
there's no real way for me to look at a printout of where the set
representative is, and tell whether it's correct or not.

---
## [swordcube/funkin-cubeengine](https://github.com/swordcube/funkin-cubeengine)@[fcfcfadaa4...](https://github.com/swordcube/funkin-cubeengine/commit/fcfcfadaa4917d78ea2e879b6a633377bd430889)
#### Thursday 2021-12-09 23:59:10 by swordcube

Revert "fuck you actions"

This reverts commit da10e40ec44378e493fea8cbe4c6b02386b3b4ff.

---

# [<](2021-12-08.md) 2021-12-09 [>](2021-12-10.md)

