# [<](2021-04-16.md) 2021-04-17 [>](2021-04-18.md)

2,078,056 events, 1,197,096 push events, 1,675,252 commit messages, 108,600,425 characters


## [kwangilkimkenny/Story_Analysis@ad7921e6f7...](https://github.com/kwangilkimkenny/Story_Analysis/commit/ad7921e6f78f95a808865b2be9d82f2b737a885f)
##### 2021-04-17 00:08:36 by kwangilKyle

개발완료

### 실행 함수 ###
def getPerspectiveWD(essay_input):
    prepro_re = preprocessing(essay_input) # 전처리
    comp_re = compare(prepro_re[0],essay_input) # 계산
    return comp_re


# input College Supp Essay 
essay_input = """I inhale deeply and blow harder than I thought possible, pushing the tiny ember from its resting place on the candle out into the air. The room erupts around me, and 'Happy Birthday!' cheers echo through the halls. It's time to make a wish. In my mind, that new Limited Edition Deluxe Ben 10 watch will soon be mine. My parents and the aunties and uncles around me attempt to point me in a different direction. 'Wish that you get to go to the temple every day when you're older! Wish that you memorize all your Sanskrit texts before you turn 6! Wish that you can live in India after college!' My ears listen, but my mind tunes them out, as nothing could possibly compare to that toy watch! What I never realized on my third birthday is that those wishes quietly tell the story of how my family hopes my life will play out. In this version of my life, there wasn't much room for change, personal growth, or 'rocking the boat.' A vital aspect of my family's cultural background is their focus on accepting things as they are. Growing up, I was discouraged from questioning others or asking questions that didn't have definitive yes or no answers. If I innocently asked my grandma why she expected me to touch her feet, my dad would grab my hand in a sudden swoop, look me sternly in the eye, and tell me not to disrespect her like that again. At home, if I mentioned that I had tried eggs for breakfast at a friend's house, I'd be looked at like I had just committed a felony for eating what my parents considered meat. If I asked the priest at the temple why he had asked an Indian man and his white wife to leave, I'd be met with a condescending glare and told that I should also leave for asking such questions.In direct contrast, my curiosity was invited and encouraged at school. After an environmental science lesson, I stayed for a few minutes after class to ask my 4th-grade science teacher with wide eyes how it was possible that Niagara Falls doesn't run out of flowing water. Instead of scolding me for asking her a 'dumb question,' she smiled and explained the intricacy of the water cycle. Now, if a teacher mentions that we'll learn about why a certain proof or idea works only in a future class, I'll stay after to ask more or pour through an advanced textbook to try to understand it. While my perspective was widening at school, the receptiveness to raising complex questions at home was diminishing. After earning my driver's license, I registered as an organ donor. My small checkmark on a piece of paper led to an intense clash between my and my parents' moral platform. I wanted to ensure that I positively contributed to society, while my parents believed that organ donation was an unfamiliar and unnecessary cultural taboo. I would often ask for clarity or for reasons that supported their ideologies. Their response would usually entail feeling a deep, visceral sense that traditions must be followed exactly as taught, without objection. Told in one language to keep asking questions and in another to ask only the right ones, I chose exploring questions that don't have answers, rather than accepting answers that don't get questioned. When it comes to the maze of learning, even when I take a wrong turn and encounter roadblocks that are meant to stop me, I've learned to climb over them and keep moving forward. My curiosity strengthens with each hurdle and has expanded into a pure love of learning new things. I've become someone who seeks to understand things at a fundamental level and who finds excitement in taking on big questions that have yet to be solved. I'm no longer afraid to rock the boat. "},{"index":1,"personal_essay":"Ever since I first held a small foam Spiderman basketball in my tiny hands and watched my idol Kobe Bryant hit every three-pointer he attempted, I've wanted to understand and replicate his flawless jump shot. As my math education progressed in school, I began to realize I had the tools to create a perfect shot formula. After learning about variables for the first time in 5th grade Algebra, I began to treat each aspect of Kobe's jump shot as a different variable, each combination of variables resulting in a unique solution. While in 7th-grade geometry, I graphed the arc of his shot, and after learning about quadratic equations in 8th grade, I expressed his shot as a parabolic function that would ensure a swish when shooting from any spot. After calculus lessons in 10th and 11th grade, I was excited to finally solve for the perfect velocity and acceleration needed on my release. At Brown, I hope to explore this intellectual pursuit through a different lens. What if I could maximize the odds of making shots if I understood the science behind one's mental mindset and focus through CLPS 500: Perception and Action? Or use astrophysics to account for drag and gravitational force anywhere in the universe? Or use data science to break down the analytics of the NBA's best shooters? Through the Open Curriculum, I see myself not only becoming a more complete learner, but also a more complete thinker, applying a flexible mindset to any problem I encounter. Brown's Open Curriculum allows students to explore broadly while also diving deeply into their academic pursuits. Tell us about an academic interest (or interests) that excites you, and how you might use the Open Curriculum to pursue it. I've been playing the Mridangam since I was five years old. It's a simple instrument: A wood barrel covered on two ends by goatskin with leather straps surrounding the hull. This instrument serves as a connection between me and one of the most beautiful aspects of my culture: Carnatic music. As a young child, I'd be taken to the temple every weekend for three-hour-long Carnatic music concerts, where the most accomplished teenagers and young adults in our local Indian community would perform. I would watch in awe as the mridangists' hands moved gracefully, flowing across the goatskin as if they weren't making contact, while simultaneously producing sharp rhythmic patterns that never failed to fall on the beat. Hoping to be like these idols on the stage, I trained intensely with my teacher, a strict man who taught me that the simple drum I was playing had thousands of years of culture behind it. Building up from simple strokes, I realized that the finger speed I'd had been awestruck by wasn't some magical talent, it was instead a science perfected by repeated practice."""

## run ##

result = getPerspectiveWD(essay_input)
print('result:',result)


# return 값 #
# (86.0, 
# [" At home, if I mentioned that I had tried eggs for breakfast at a friend's house, ...  원본 문장이 주욱 추출됨"],  ----> 웹사이트에 표시해야 함
# ['In my mind', 'my mind', 'my perspective'])  ---> lexicon을 이용하여 관련 표현이 있는 부분 추출, 이것도 웹사이트에 표시해야 함

---
## [CitrusGender/tgstation@e15be702a9...](https://github.com/CitrusGender/tgstation/commit/e15be702a98f6db5e8e9cfe8fc269a33686a33b0)
##### 2021-04-17 00:29:57 by Mothblocks

Moth tourist bots -- They ask for your hat (#57563)

Adds a rare, once per restaurant venue, chance for a moth tourist bot to show up. Asks for the hat, gloves, or shoes you have on.

Closes #57541 if this is merged first, somehow. It includes the testing fix (since I needed to multiply all the weights to allow for rare bots anyway).

Wings are randomized.

I thought it was funny, and it's infrequent enough for the gag to hopefully not lose its magic.

Also a good test bench for the code to allow more dynamic customers. A lot of supporting code was added to make more customizable customers without influencing the surface area of the venue code too much.

Co-authored-by: ATH1909 <42606352+ATH1909@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [mythrocks/cudf@8a666a04e0...](https://github.com/mythrocks/cudf/commit/8a666a04e0123744eb259d88ac4c04b0b6de4303)
##### 2021-04-17 02:07:29 by Vyas Ramasubramani

Refactor Python and Cython internals for groupby aggregation (#7818)

This PR makes some improvements to the groupby/aggregation code that I identified while working on #7731. The main purpose is to make the code logic easier to follow and reduce some unnecessary complexity; I see minor but measurable performance improvements (2-5% for small datasets) as well, but those are mostly just side effects here. Specifically, it makes the following changes:

1. Inlines the logic for dropping unsupported aggregations. The old function was repetitive and necessitated looping over the aggregations twice, whereas the new approach drops unwanted aggregations on the fly so it only loops once. The new code also makes it so that you only construct a C aggregation object once.
2. Merges the logic from `_AggregationFactory` into `Aggregation`, and removes the constructor for `Aggregation`. The one downside here is that the Cython `Aggregation` object's constructor no longer places it in a valid state; however, in practice the object is always constructed via either the `make_aggregation` function or its various factories, and the object's constructor was only every used in `_drop_unsupported_aggs` anyway. The benefit is we remove the fragmentation between these two classes, making the code much more readable, and the `Aggregation` class actually serves a purpose now beyond just providing a single property `kind` that is only used once: it is now the primary way that other Cython files interact with aggregations. This also means that in most places other Cython modules don't need to work with `unique_ptr[aggregation]` as much anymore (although they do still have to move `Aggregation.c_obj` for performance reasons). `make_aggregation` now returns the Cython class instead of the underlying C++ one.
3. Modified all the "allowed aggregations" sets to use the uppercase names of the aggregations. In addition to simplifying the code a tiny bit, this helps reduce confusion between the aggregation names used in Python for pandas compatibility and the libcudf names (for instance, `idxmin` vs `argmin`, now `ARGMIN`).
4. Explicitly defines all the aggregations on a groupby. I discussed this briefly with @shwina, the change has pros and cons. The benefit is that all of these methods are properly documented now, there's less magic (the binding of methods to a class after its definition can be confusing for less experienced Python developers and has a lot of potential gotchas), and we can use the simpler string-based agg definition wherever possible. The downside is that we now have to define all of these methods. I think the change is definitely an improvement, but I'm happy to change it back if anyone can suggest a better alternative. In the long run we probably need to find a way to share both code and docstrings more effectively between all aggregations (DataFrame, Series, and GroupBy).

Authors:
  - Vyas Ramasubramani (https://github.com/vyasr)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

Approvers:
  - Karthikeyan (https://github.com/karthikeyann)
  - Ashwin Srinath (https://github.com/shwina)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

URL: https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/pull/7818

---
## [intitni/Whatever@1acdbb1a4b...](https://github.com/intitni/Whatever/commit/1acdbb1a4bc1de0404ce354fac0c3ae113960473)
##### 2021-04-17 02:45:32 by Shangxin Guo

Add Whatever factory function

Because import everytime is annoying. The function name is super long and ugly because you want to use it only once.

---
## [smxi/inxi@991a35d665...](https://github.com/smxi/inxi/commit/991a35d6655a4e3512cff50594f2a447130335e6)
##### 2021-04-17 03:43:55 by Harald Hope

Enhanced features!! Huge BSD upgrades! Bug Fixes!! Elbrus Fixes!! More bluetooth
fixes!! What are you waiting for?!!?

A special thanks for significant help, ongoing, leading to a huge boost to BSD
support, Stan Vandiver, who did a lot of BSD testing, and setup many remote
access systems for testing and development of the latest BSD upgrades. If you're
a BSD user, you can thank him for helping to expand BSD support!

Take special note of the code folding fixes in Fix 1, those open up possible
free software code editors that can be used to work with inxi to more than just
Kwrite/Kate, to include scite and geany, nice lightweight code editors. You
can't do real work in inxi without code folding, so getting this finally
resolved was I think worth it.

Also, for the first time ever!! inxi is now using Pledge, well, if
OpenBSD::Pledge module is available, which is currently only in OpenBSD, since
that's the only system that supports Pledge security, except for Serenity, but
inxi doesn't support Serenity. Note that OpenBSD was smart and added
OpenBSD::Pledge and OpenBSD::Unveil to Perl Core modules, thus removing any hoop
that might stop a Perl program from implementing it. Nice going OpenBSD guys!

The addition of OpenBSD softraid support for RAID and CRYPTO types highlights
the problem with --raid and --logical, where --raid is really just a subset of
Logical volume management. Note that while the hardware RAID feature only lists
the actual PCI RAID device, OpenBSD bioctl supports hardware RAID out of the
box, something I'd thought of doing in inxi for a few years, but it's too much
work, but bioctl has done the work, which is impressive. Can't do much without a
lot of debugger data there though, but it's worth being aware of. In this case,
since softraid is the primary device, I opted to call Crypto and RAID types all
RAID, same as with linear zfs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
KNOWN ISSUES BUT CAN'T OR  WON'T BE FIXED:

1. FreeBSD: USB drivers. I really gave this a try, but could not get any logic
to be stable across systems and varying syntaxes used. Will wait for FreeBSD to
add drivers to usbconfig -vl. Note that this makes it not possible to correctly
match USB networking devices to their respective IF data, so USB networking IF
will fall back to the undetected IF-ID, which means it was found but not
connected to a specific hardware device.

2. FreeBSD Battery Report: there are non-objective values for Battery state data
in sysctl output, as in minutes remaining, which has no meaning, and percent
charge (percent of what? original design capacity? current actual capacity?). If
data with voltages, design/current capacity in Ah or Wh, is made available,
support will be added. Note that there are 3rd party tools that do supply this
data in a usable format, but they are not in core so no point.

3. BSDs All: have found no way to get physical CPU counts. this will lead to odd
outputs in some cases, like a 2 cpu system reporting itself as a 2x the actual
core counts single CPU, but the data just isn't there as far as I know.
Dragonfly in some cases appears to have that data.

4. BSDs All: so far no way to get live per core cpu speeds using a file or fast
command query. Thought I'd found a way in FreeBSD but that was not the correct
clockrate values, or inconsistently right/wrong, so not using it. Also saw the
same issue with max/min frequencies in FreeBSD so removed that item, it's
better to show nothing than data that is not reliable or actually not even
referring to what it seems to be.

5. BSD SOC Support: An issue poster asked why FreeBSD (but really BSD in
general) SOC ARM device, like RaPi, support, was so weak in inxi. The reason is
simple: to do SOC ARM device data in a meaningful way requires a complete path
based data structure, which the BSDs do not appear to have, at least from what
I've seen so far. See Linux's /sys data structures for examples of what is
required to add or expand inxi SOC device support in inxi. It's hard even with
that type of rich path based data, and without it I won't try.

The bright side is inxi runs perfectly on such devices, no errors, which was
amazing to see, and spoke volumes of the recent work done to extend support for
the BSDs.

6. Perl / inxi, when run as root, shows read error when trying to open a 200 /
--w------- permission /sys uevent file for reading. The test works as expected
as user, but not as root. Perl will try to read it when run as root even though
it has no read permissions, only write. This in reality only manifests on very
old /sys, from Debian Etch kernel 2.26 days.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BUGS:

1. tput + urxvt / FreeBSD: There appears to be a bug in Arch Linux urxvt that
leads to failed terminal/console size from tput. Also while trying to resolve
this bug, discovered that if you use "tput cols 2>/dev/null" in FreeBSD, for
some inexplicable reason tput puts out defaults 80 cols x 24 rows. Why? Who
knows. Added in non numeric tests of output to handle errors from tput instead.

The bug appears to be what rxvt reports itself as vs what it is actually running
as. This issue isn't present in any other distro I tried, but could just be a
new bug in urxvt, don't know.

2. Elbrus CPU: Ongoing issue #197 Elbrus poster gave sample of new 2C3 cpuinfo,
that exposed some bugs internally in inxi Elbrus handling, I was using integer
values instead of hex for model IDs in the Elbrus logic, which would fail after
model 9.

3. BSD dmesg.boot: The logic used for dmesg.boot data processing had errors, and
had to be fully redone because of the need to detect in a reliable way the
current state of USB drives. This logic now is much more robust and reliable,
and no longer relies on using 'uniq' values per line, which would fail in all
kinds of situations.

4. OpenBSD USB Speeds: bugs fixed for OpenBSD speeds, these were found during
the USB data refactor testing process.

5. BSDs: in some cases, wrong memory used values were being generated, this
should be largely corrected now. Also pulled the weird NetBSD use of
/proc/meminfo which had wrong data in it, and now use vmstat for all BSDs, which
after the used bug fixes, is more reliable for BSDs.

6. All systems: CPU stepping would report as N/A if stepping 0, luckily I came
across some systems with an actual stepping: 0, which are not common.

7. FreeBSD: dmidecode sourced L2 cache data failed to show correct totals in
some cases. Due to no MT detection possible for FreeBSD currently, these totals
will still be wrong, but now it says note; check to let users know.

8. dmidecode: some cases were getting the wrong failure error message, this bug
became exposed due to OpenBSD locking /dev/mem even to root, which then failed
to show the expected message. This was a bug, and is now corrected.

9. FreeBSD: partition swap size didn't show in at least some cases, that's
corrected.

10. Linux Partitions: partitions would let doubled swap items through in several
cases, and also failed to create in rare cases matches for hidden partition
mapped id's. Finally tracked down the actual cause, when moving the partition
filters I'd forgotten to add swap into the filter list, oops. But now it will
catch duplicates in several different ways, so that's fine.

11. Unmounted: Failed to properly handle detecting RAID components in the case
of lvm, mdraid, it was only working for zfs. This was an accident, and should
now be corrected.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FIXES:

1. Code Folding: Note that this was NOT a bug or failure in inxi, it was a bug
in scintilla/scite geany code editors with folding, basically if you commented
out logic, without using a space or other marker after the comment #, folding
would break in weird ways. Obviously the core scintilla engine should IGNORE the
darned # commented out lines, but it doesn't, which is a real bug. But not in
inxi.

This was however worth working around, because without folding, you can't work
on or learn how inxi works, and the only editor I know of in the free software
eco-system that can handle folding reasonably accurately was until now
Kwrite/Kate code editors, and those have some real, long standing, weaknesses,
and bugs around folding that have never been resolved, and yes, did notify them
about them, and no, they remain unfixed after years, or they were fixed briefly,
then broke again.

So it was important to expand the base of possible code editors to more than
just the KDE stuff. Fixing this was tedious, but I think worth it. On the bright
side, geany/scite folding / unfolding is FAST, and once the code issues that
triggered folding failures were resolved, very accurate, much better than Kate's
to be honest, though Kate isn't as picky, but Kate's unfold top nodes has been
broken more often than it's worked.

To avoid this issue, it's also important to configure geany/scite to use a space
after the comment when using keyboard shortcuts to comment out lines/blocks.
Same goes for Kate/Kwrite, by the way.

2. Battery: Forgot to add battery-force to -v7, which means you would never see
the battery line in full output if there was no battery present, this is similar
to how raid-forced worked, it was just an oversight which I hadn't noticed until
testing the new BSD battery logic.

3. Indentation: small indentation fixes on Sound Server data. Those are visible
with -y1, that is.

4. OpenBSD PCI: enabled Device matching to PCI networking device, this required
an odd little hack, but seems to be pretty reliable, and allowed me to add
driver to PCI device reports as well. Not sure why driver isn't in pcidump -v
but it probably will be in the future. Note to self: add in support for that so
if they include it in a future release, it will suddenly 'just work', assume
they use the same basic syntax as usbdevs -vv output.

5. BSDs: Added in some null data protections for BSDs, which do not always have
all the data types found in Linux, those would trigger Perl undefined value
errors, which are warnings that inxi failed internally to test for null data in
that, but it's hard to know when to do that when the data is basically always
there in Linux.

6. Debugger: Added test for required Net::FTP module in debugger, had forgotten
to make that test explicit, which led to odd failures.

7. BSDs: nvme detections should be better now. But I have seen no live test
system to confirm the fixes work as expected, plus, at least, OpenBSD swaps
nvme0 to sd0 internally, so I'm not actually sure how that data will even work,
we'll see how that goes.

8. BSDs: oddly, despite using 0x hex numbers almost everywhere, for CPU
stepping, the stepping is in decimal, which is even odder because CPU makers
list their steppings as hex in many if not most cases. In case this is corrected
in the future, if 0x appears before stepping number, will not then try to
convert to hex since it already is.

9a. CPU L3: Subtle, probably won't change behaviors, but L3 cache is per physical
CPU in every case I've found, so never multiply value by cores for L3. Like
everything, this may lead to corner cases being wrong, but that's life, it will
also lead to the data being right for most users.

9b. CPU L1: Different L1 syntaxes found so inxi now uses more loose detections,
should cover most OpenBSD L1 variants at least.

10. BSDs: inxi was using internal 'sleep' right before reading /proc/cpuinfo,
but that was silly for BSDs since cpu speeds there come from sysctl, so the BSD
sleeps are now running before sysctl if CPU data feature is required.

11. Too many to remember, but lots of subtle message output changes to make more
clear, more accurate, shorter, whatever.

12. USB: a very subtle fix, some devices can be both audio and video, like
cameras, but inxi would default to the first detected. Now it checks for both
before going to the list of checks, and correctly assigns a type that is both
audio and video to the audio and video hashes so both features will show the USB
device, not just Audio.

13: BSD: fixes for BSD ifconfig IF status, it was slicing off the full status
string, like 'no network' to 'no', which is silly. Now shows full string.

14. OpenBSD: restored USB Hub ports: xx item, I hadn't realized that the data
was still there with usbdevs but it required an extra -v, like: usbdevs -vv to
trigger, so now the OpenBSD USB ports works fine again.

15. Fedora Xorg: updated --recommends to use the newer split apart xorg utils
package names, only xrandr I think needed updating. Thanks Mr. Mazda for keeping
up with that stuff!

16. OpenBSD SMART: the actual device being queried turns out to the 'c'
partition, the one that represents the entire disk, NOT the main device ID, like
sd0, so now inxi tacks on 'c', sd0c, when smartctl runs, and it works fine. So
previously SMART report would never have worked in OpenBSD.

17. Partion labels/uuids: in Partitions and Unmounted, does not show label/uuid
if fs type is ffs or if fs is a logical type one, like zfs, hammer, and remote
fs mounts etc. This cleans up output, since these file system types will never
have labels or uuids.

18. Mr Mazda inxi was missing data and showing errors if run in Debian Etch with
Perl 5.008, and I realized I'd slipped up and had used the -k option without
testing lspci version, but -k was only available in 3.0 in Lenny. But -v turns
on -k automatically, so the easy solution was just to remove the -k and leave
the -nnv, which is the same thing, but does not cause errors in early lspci.

There are also errors with reading as root some /sys uevent files, but upon
examination, those had only root write permission, so the perl -r test isn't
right. Don't think that can be fixed. See Can't/Won't fix for more.

Another issue I noticed was that in some cases Perl seemed to lose track of some
hash values in local %trigger in OptionsHandler, and just lose them, thus
leading to things like --help --version --recommends not working. Moving
%trigger to globals %show and %use fixed that one, but that's weird, no idea
what happened, but it works now.

Tested in Sarge 3.1, where core modules have to be explicitly installed, they
were not included in base Perl install. Kernel 2.4 had some key differences,
different lspci syntax, different /proc/partitions, so the block device output
and device output is flawed, but otherwise inxi worked fine in Sarge, from 2005!
But these issues will not be corrected, kernel 2.24 is just too old, lol.

inxi should always run ok in very old systems, like Etch, back to when Perl 5.8
was standard, so bugs like this are always welcome, it's easy to slip up and use
something that didn't work in those old systems, then forget to test.

19. Corner case SMART errors, sometimes occur much later in output than inxi
expects, this is now corrected and errors should show in smart data no matter
where the main error type occured.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ENHANCEMENTS:

1. Elbrus: Going along with Bug 2, Updated Elbrus microarch to use family 6,
assuming models 10, 11, are the same, which they should be since 12 is the same
as in family 4.

2. IPMI Sensors: More sensor syntax detections, sensors will never be stable...

3. OpenBSD: Rolled out live battery state feature, they have very good data,
simple, but solid, that allows for a quality battery state report. Handles both
Wh/Ah, though I am slightly suspicious of the reality of the arithmetic for Ah >
Wh conversion, it seems to be too high. That's Ah * Design Voltage. But Linux
battery data has the same issue, though I think in most cases, the data is in
Wh, so this issue isn't BSD specific. My suspicion is that the voltages used to
determine Ah may actually be slightly lower than the listed design voltage,
which inxi calls min: but it's actually the design voltage.

Unknown if NetBSD data is the same as OpenBSD for battery, was unable to locate
any samples, so can't say, if you have a NetBSD laptop that correctly reports
battery state in sysctl -a, please file an issue with some sample battery
charge/voltage syntax and values, ideally from > 1 system. If the data is
complete, it's easy to add support.

4a. BSD USB rev: inxi now emulates USB rev versions for BSD USB speed/rev
version data. Note that this is not guaranteed to be right, because USB devices
can be different rev versions than the speed they run at, but as far as I could
find, the USB revision data is not available in any practical sense, unless I
create a complicated recursive tool to build up a snapshot of the usb system and
devices from dmesg data, but I already blew a day on that attempt, so will wait
for more complete data in the usb tools in future. The rev version is based on
the device/hub speed, using a standard USB rev speed mapping. But a 12 Mbps
device can be rev 2, not rev 1.1, for example, that is, it's actually a USB 2.0
device, but a slow speed one.

4b. USB Type: Expanded fallback USB device type tests, these are useful for
cases where it's either a vendor defined type, or for Open/NetBSD, which do not
yet show USB class/subclass data. But it's a good fallback tool, added Mass
Storage, expanded detections.

5. BSD Sensors: Going along with Enhancement 3, rolled out live sensors data.
Confirmed working in OpenBSD and FreeBSD, not sure about NetBSD, no data,
problem with vm testing is no sensors, but don't have any NetBSD hardware
installs to verify. Stan gave it a good try, but could not get NetBSD running so
far, maybe later.

This basically means the -B and -s features are largely feature complete for the
BSDs as far as practical, though due to difficulties in getting the data in a
consistent clear way, some more advanced features, like gpu temps, which are now
available in Linux kernel values and lm-sensors, do not yet appear to be present
in the BSDs, though if this changes, the structures are in  place to make
updates to these logics very easy to implement now.

Note that the --sensors-include and --sensors-exclude items, or config items,
work fine with this BSD logic, though you have to figure out what exact syntax
to use, but that's the same in Linux.

6. OpenBSD Pledge: Yes, that's right, inxi is now Pledged!!! In OpenBSD, anyway,
they did a really good job, and the OpenBSD Perl packager made a very nice Perl
modules, OpenBSD::Pledge, which was very easy to implement. Now I know what inxi
needs to run its features!!

So far OpenBSD only, but Pledge seems like a really good idea, so I figured,
let's give it a spin, even if it will only currently work on OpenBSD, but that's
fine, inxi is pledged as tightly as I could make it, including unpledging
features not required post options processing, once inxi knows what it's
actually going to be doing.

Note that I'm aware of OpenBSD::Unveil, but that's a lot harder to implement due
to never really being sure about what files inxi will need to be looking at
until well into the logic. I may look at that in the future.

7. Bluetooth Rfkill: Due to ongoing failures in current inxi to show consistent
Bluetooth hci report on Linux, added in one last fallback, rfkill state, which
allows inxi to always fallback to at least that basic data. Also added in which
tool is providing the report mostly, like: Report: bt-adapter ID: hci0 and so
on.

Also integrated into -xxx data, or for down state, the full rfkill report, since
that can be quite useful.

Note that bluetooth is a real pain for users to debug because you can have:

 * Bluetooth Service: enabled/disabled * Bluetooth Service: started/stopped *
bluetoothctl: start/stop * bt-adapter: start/stop * hciconfig: start/stop *
rfkill: software: block/unblock; hardware: block/unblock - however, for
hardware, that means a physical button has been pressed to disable it, on the
laptop that is.

To make matters worse, one tool does not always even know when another tool has
changed something, for example, if I rfkill blocked hci0, then unblocked it,
hciconfig would keep seeing it as down until it was switched to on with
hciconfig explicitly. This is I suspect one reason hciconfig is being dropped,
it doesn't know how to listen to the newer tools like bluetoothctl, bt-adapter,
or rfkill.

8. OpenBSD: Going along with Code Change 1, now has disk serial (doas/root),
more consistent physical block size data, more reliable disk data, and for
-Dxxx, duid, if available. Also added disk partition table scheme, aka MBR /
GPT. Some of these new items may also work with NetBSD. See also Fix 17, SMART
fix for OpenBSD.

9. OpenBSD/NetBSD/FreeBSD: the DiskDataBSD refactor now allows Unmounted
partitions report.

10. OpenBSD: added in CPU MT detections using siblings data, I think only
OpenBSD and Dragonfly support proper MT cpu core counts. Still no way to get
physical cpu counts in OpenBSD or FreeBSD or NetBSD that I am aware of.

11. OpenBSD: added in cpu speed min/max data, that was available in most cases,
didn't realize that.

12. BSDs: expanded and made more robust cpu L1/L2/L3 cache detections, now for
example, OpenBSD will report its L1/L2/L3 cache without root. FreeBSD requires
root since that data is coming from dmidecode.

This logic update made BSD L-cache data much more reliable and consistent, and,
important, easy to work with. This was directly connected to Code Changes 2 and
3, which made dealing with those data sources a lot easier.

Note that L1/L2 cache data if not from OpenBSD will show note: check because
it's not possible to determine if it's a multithreaded MT cpu or not, and thus
if L1/L2 * core count would so often be totally wrong that inxi won't try to
guess, it will just list the single value found, and tell the user to check it
themselves.

13. OpenBSD: Added rcctl tool to init tools, I hadn't known about that one, that
replaces the fallback default used before, /etc/rc.d.

14. RAM Vendor: Issue #245 raised the point that it would be good to try to show
RAM vendor data when the manufactorer field is empty, and since that logic is
already present in disk_vendor, it was just matter of researching the product
IDs to find the matching patterns for the RAM vendors, the initial list is
pretty good, but will need updates now and then to correct errors. Also will
override only vendor ID 4 character hex value and see if it can find a better
value.

15. OpenBSD RAM: data quality is decent (no vendor/product no, unfortunately).
The data is often, but sadly not always, available. I'm not clear why sometimes
it isn't, but since OpenBSD also defaults to blocking /dev/mem to even root
user, which then blocks dmidecode, this is the only practical way to give basic
RAM data for OpenBSD, so that's running fine now, when the data is available,
with the added bonus of not needing doas/root.

Note that due to the way that this data is present, I can have inxi deduce some
things like how many arrays there are, and then guess at overall capacity, max
stick size, and so on, but all Array-x: values are followed by note: est because
they are never based on hard data, just extrapolations. I debated if inxi should
even show the guesses, but I think by saying note: est after each Array-x: item,
it's pretty clear that it's not hard data, and it does give an idea roughly. I
made an initial guess at > 1 ram array but found no data samples to let me see
if my guess was right or not, so > 1 array remains roughly theoretical until
shown to work or not work empirically.

While NetBSD sometimes has the system ram data in a similar way that OpenBSD
does in dmesg.boot, it varies too much, and is too inconsistent. There are not
enough data samples with good consistent data, and the samples I did see
suggested that it would take too much code and convoluted logic to handle the
variations, so I'm leaving this one alone. Also, NetBSD probably doesn't block
/dev/mem so dmidecode should work fine.

16. Using system clang version info for OpenBSD kernel compiler, the assumption
being that a BSD is an OS, so the Clang version it shipped with would be the
clang version that compiled the kernel. Please correct if this is wrong.

17. OpenBSD RAID: support added for softraid, including for drive storage
totals, unmounted raid component detections. Plugged in pretty smoothly, able to
generate a partial report for non root, and shows message if not root.

18. VM detections upgraded, particularly for BSDs, now includes vmm, hvm,
hyper-v, kvm. Not all of these would have been detected before. Also cleaned up
vm logic, moved all vm detections into $dboot{'machine-vm'}, and only use the
first found item.

19. Disk Vendors!!: Yes, last, but not least!! More disk vendors, vendor ID
matches!! Yep. What else can I say? Eternity? Man's quest for something that
cannot be found, yet these strivings never cease, here manifested by always new
vendors and ID matches!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
DOCUMENTATION:

1. Very significant ongoing upgrades to the docs in inxi-perl/docs/,
particularly in inxi-values.txt, inxi-resources.txt, and inxi-data.txt. These
are now increasingly useful, and I am trying to keep in particular
inxi-values.txt up to date as a primary reference for various features, though
it will always lag, because that's how it is, lol.

2. Cleaned up changelog, made 80 cols wide for text, bars, etc, made numbered
lists and headers consistent, but otherwise did not change any of the actual
content.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CODE CHANGES:

1. Complete rewrite of BSD disk/partition data tools, now  there is one core
tool that generates a mega-disk/partition hash, which is then used for all
features that need partition/disk data. This worked out super well, and allowed
new features like BSD Unmounted disk data to be generated for the first time
ever, along with filling in various block device fields that were missing
before.

2. Change 1 also went along with a refactor of dmesg data tool for BSDs, which
allowed for much more granular data generation, along with a complex %dboot hash
which stores all sub types as well as the main full dataset. This allowed inxi
to stop looping through all of dmesg data each time a feature needed it. Now all
the data types are assigned if required by a feature, and only then. This, along
with change 1, worked really well.

See also Bug 3, which mandated completely changing how dmesg.boot and dmesg live
data were / are merged, the result is far more robust now, and far less prone to
error.

3. Similar to dmesg changes, used same methods for sysctl data, now all the data
is assigned to %sysctl data structure based on if needed or not, so it only does
the assignments one time, in one location. Much cleaner code this way, and
allows for testing set/unset substructures, like $sysctl{'cpu'}.

4. The %dboot and %sysctl refactors went so well that I switched the core USB
and Devices to also use %usb and %devices structures. These updates let me dump
a lot of global hashes and arrays, and leaned everything down a lot, and also
removed basically all the testing loops for these data types, now the Item
features just test to see if a reference to the specific type exists, if it
does, it has data, if not, it doesn't, this is a lot easier to manage.

5. Ongoing: moving related subroutines to Packages, the goal is to have pretty
much all related subroutines (functions) contained in parent classes/packages,
makes it easier to maintain.

6. Ongoing: making all internal package tools have similar sub names, getting
rid of the specific names for output and data generator functions. This makes
each Item Generator increasingly like all the others, as much as practical.

7. A big one, renamed all the feature generators to be XxxxxItem, instead of
XxxxData, which was colliding as a package name with actual data generator
tools, now all the Feature generators are [Feature]Item, and all the Data
generators have Data type names where relevant. This avoided in particular the
silly case where I was relying on case to differentiate UsbData and USBData,
feature vs data generator.

8. As part of the move to data hash global structures, also moved as many of the
top global scalars and hashes and arrays to these now much more heavily utilized
global hashes, like %alerts, %use, %fake, %force, and so on. There are now far
fewer globals running than before, and where it makes sense, I keep moving them
into global hashes, and giving the global hashes more work to do.

9. Significantly expanded list of debuggers for specific data types always
available, see docs/inxi-values.txt for list of options there. Decided for rapid
development, it was too much of a pain to always be uncommenting the debuggers,
so now am uncommenting, adding to @dbg supported items, then documenting. I
guess this means the @dbg items are more or less stable and consistent now, give
or take.

10. Refactored UsbData and DeviceData, for in particular the BSDs, to be much
more robust and to rely less on very fragile regex parsing patterns, takes more
lines of code, but better than having the detections break every other BSD
release. This was part of the %device and %usb refactors as well.

11. Fixed system_files()  too, which was really silly logic, it used a global
packed hash of system files, then would do a function call for the paths when
required, which was redundant since the values were already in a hash which
could be used directly. This was a throwback to inxi gawk/bash, where hashes
were not really used in this way, and the logic had been translated to Perl
without thinking about it, but once I thought about it, I realized how silly
that was. This must have knocked off a good 50 or more unnecessary, and always
expensive, function calls.

---
## [primordial-software-llc/gonzalez-art-foundation-site@96ad30173e...](https://github.com/primordial-software-llc/gonzalez-art-foundation-site/commit/96ad30173ecab3f5a9bcddf347b1707998ac2f58)
##### 2021-04-17 08:28:14 by Timothy Gonzalez

You can't incriminate (jail/probation) or monetarily fine a non-profit or its operators for freely educating people with information that is freely accessible. Furthermore if for some reason information isn't copyrighted, but immorally not freely accessible and behind security measures you can't be incriminated or fined for even seeking the public information even if there is none https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/1201. Title 17 chapter 12 section 1201 will be a future multi-year venture under the protections of that law, but the right to access information goes deeper than I'm willing to go right now and what I've done is nothing.

17 U.S. Code § 1201 - Circumvention of copyright protection systems
U.S. Code
Notes
prev | next
(a)Violations Regarding Circumvention of Technological Measures.—
(1)
(A)No person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title. The prohibition contained in the preceding sentence shall take effect at the end of the 2-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this chapter.
(B)The prohibition contained in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to persons who are users of a copyrighted work which is in a particular class of works, if such persons are, or are likely to be in the succeeding 3-year period, adversely affected by virtue of such prohibition in their ability to make noninfringing uses of that particular class of works under this title, as determined under subparagraph (C).
(C)During the 2-year period described in subparagraph (A), and during each succeeding 3-year period, the Librarian of Congress, upon the recommendation of the Register of Copyrights, who shall consult with the Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information of the Department of Commerce and report and comment on his or her views in making such recommendation, shall make the determination in a rulemaking proceeding for purposes of subparagraph (B) of whether persons who are users of a copyrighted work are, or are likely to be in the succeeding 3-year period, adversely affected by the prohibition under subparagraph (A) in their ability to make noninfringing uses under this title of a particular class of copyrighted works. In conducting such rulemaking, the Librarian shall examine—
(i)the availability for use of copyrighted works;
(ii)the availability for use of works for nonprofit archival, preservation, and educational purposes;
(iii)the impact that the prohibition on the circumvention of technological measures applied to copyrighted works has on criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, or research;
(iv)the effect of circumvention of technological measures on the market for or value of copyrighted works; and
(v)such other factors as the Librarian considers appropriate.
(D)The Librarian shall publish any class of copyrighted works for which the Librarian has determined, pursuant to the rulemaking conducted under subparagraph (C), that noninfringing uses by persons who are users of a copyrighted work are, or are likely to be, adversely affected, and the prohibition contained in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to such users with respect to such class of works for the ensuing 3-year period.
(E)Neither the exception under subparagraph (B) from the applicability of the prohibition contained in subparagraph (A), nor any determination made in a rulemaking conducted under subparagraph (C), may be used as a defense in any action to enforce any provision of this title other than this paragraph.
(2)No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that—
(A)is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title;
(B)has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; or
(C)is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with that person with that person’s knowledge for use in circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title.
(3)As used in this subsection—
(A)to “circumvent a technological measure” means to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a technological measure, without the authority of the copyright owner; and
(B)a technological measure “effectively controls access to a work” if the measure, in the ordinary course of its operation, requires the application of information, or a process or a treatment, with the authority of the copyright owner, to gain access to the work.
(b)Additional Violations.—
(1)No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that—
(A)is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under this title in a work or a portion thereof;
(B)has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other than to circumvent protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under this title in a work or a portion thereof; or
(C)is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with that person with that person’s knowledge for use in circumventing protection afforded by a technological measure that effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under this title in a work or a portion thereof.
(2)As used in this subsection—
(A)to “circumvent protection afforded by a technological measure” means avoiding, bypassing, removing, deactivating, or otherwise impairing a technological measure; and
(B)a technological measure “effectively protects a right of a copyright owner under this title” if the measure, in the ordinary course of its operation, prevents, restricts, or otherwise limits the exercise of a right of a copyright owner under this title.
(c)Other Rights, Etc., Not Affected.—
(1)Nothing in this section shall affect rights, remedies, limitations, or defenses to copyright infringement, including fair use, under this title.
(2)Nothing in this section shall enlarge or diminish vicarious or contributory liability for copyright infringement in connection with any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof.
(3)Nothing in this section shall require that the design of, or design and selection of parts and components for, a consumer electronics, telecommunications, or computing product provide for a response to any particular technological measure, so long as such part or component, or the product in which such part or component is integrated, does not otherwise fall within the prohibitions of subsection (a)(2) or (b)(1).
(4)Nothing in this section shall enlarge or diminish any rights of free speech or the press for activities using consumer electronics, telecommunications, or computing products.
(d)Exemption for Nonprofit Libraries, Archives, and Educational Institutions.—
(1)A nonprofit library, archives, or educational institution which gains access to a commercially exploited copyrighted work solely in order to make a good faith determination of whether to acquire a copy of that work for the sole purpose of engaging in conduct permitted under this title shall not be in violation of subsection (a)(1)(A). A copy of a work to which access has been gained under this paragraph—
(A)may not be retained longer than necessary to make such good faith determination; and
(B)may not be used for any other purpose.
(2)The exemption made available under paragraph (1) shall only apply with respect to a work when an identical copy of that work is not reasonably available in another form.
(3)A nonprofit library, archives, or educational institution that willfully for the purpose of commercial advantage or financial gain violates paragraph (1)—
(A)shall, for the first offense, be subject to the civil remedies under section 1203; and
(B)shall, for repeated or subsequent offenses, in addition to the civil remedies under section 1203, forfeit the exemption provided under paragraph (1).
(4)This subsection may not be used as a defense to a claim under subsection (a)(2) or (b), nor may this subsection permit a nonprofit library, archives, or educational institution to manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, component, or part thereof, which circumvents a technological measure.
(5)In order for a library or archives to qualify for the exemption under this subsection, the collections of that library or archives shall be—
(A)open to the public; or
(B)available not only to researchers affiliated with the library or archives or with the institution of which it is a part, but also to other persons doing research in a specialized field.
(e)Law Enforcement, Intelligence, and Other Government Activities.—
This section does not prohibit any lawfully authorized investigative, protective, information security, or intelligence activity of an officer, agent, or employee of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State, or a person acting pursuant to a contract with the United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State. For purposes of this subsection, the term “information security” means activities carried out in order to identify and address the vulnerabilities of a government computer, computer system, or computer network.
(f)Reverse Engineering.—
(1)Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), a person who has lawfully obtained the right to use a copy of a computer program may circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a particular portion of that program for the sole purpose of identifying and analyzing those elements of the program that are necessary to achieve interoperability of an independently created computer program with other programs, and that have not previously been readily available to the person engaging in the circumvention, to the extent any such acts of identification and analysis do not constitute infringement under this title.
(2)Notwithstanding the provisions of subsections (a)(2) and (b), a person may develop and employ technological means to circumvent a technological measure, or to circumvent protection afforded by a technological measure, in order to enable the identification and analysis under paragraph (1), or for the purpose of enabling interoperability of an independently created computer program with other programs, if such means are necessary to achieve such interoperability, to the extent that doing so does not constitute infringement under this title.
(3)The information acquired through the acts permitted under paragraph (1), and the means permitted under paragraph (2), may be made available to others if the person referred to in paragraph (1) or (2), as the case may be, provides such information or means solely for the purpose of enabling interoperability of an independently created computer program with other programs, and to the extent that doing so does not constitute infringement under this title or violate applicable law other than this section.
(4)For purposes of this subsection, the term “interoperability” means the ability of computer programs to exchange information, and of such programs mutually to use the information which has been exchanged.
(g)Encryption Research.—
(1)Definitions.—For purposes of this subsection—
(A)the term “encryption research” means activities necessary to identify and analyze flaws and vulnerabilities of encryption technologies applied to copyrighted works, if these activities are conducted to advance the state of knowledge in the field of encryption technology or to assist in the development of encryption products; and
(B)the term “encryption technology” means the scrambling and descrambling of information using mathematical formulas or algorithms.
(2)Permissible acts of encryption research.—Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), it is not a violation of that subsection for a person to circumvent a technological measure as applied to a copy, phonorecord, performance, or display of a published work in the course of an act of good faith encryption research if—
(A)the person lawfully obtained the encrypted copy, phonorecord, performance, or display of the published work;
(B)such act is necessary to conduct such encryption research;
(C)the person made a good faith effort to obtain authorization before the circumvention; and
(D)such act does not constitute infringement under this title or a violation of applicable law other than this section, including section 1030 of title 18 and those provisions of title 18 amended by the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986.
(3)Factors in determining exemption.—In determining whether a person qualifies for the exemption under paragraph (2), the factors to be considered shall include—
(A)whether the information derived from the encryption research was disseminated, and if so, whether it was disseminated in a manner reasonably calculated to advance the state of knowledge or development of encryption technology, versus whether it was disseminated in a manner that facilitates infringement under this title or a violation of applicable law other than this section, including a violation of privacy or breach of security;
(B)whether the person is engaged in a legitimate course of study, is employed, or is appropriately trained or experienced, in the field of encryption technology; and
(C)whether the person provides the copyright owner of the work to which the technological measure is applied with notice of the findings and documentation of the research, and the time when such notice is provided.
(4)Use of technological means for research activities.—Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(2), it is not a violation of that subsection for a person to—
(A)develop and employ technological means to circumvent a technological measure for the sole purpose of that person performing the acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2); and
(B)provide the technological means to another person with whom he or she is working collaboratively for the purpose of conducting the acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2) or for the purpose of having that other person verify his or her acts of good faith encryption research described in paragraph (2).
(5)Report to congress.—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this chapter, the Register of Copyrights and the Assistant Secretary for Communications and Information of the Department of Commerce shall jointly report to the Congress on the effect this subsection has had on—
(A)encryption research and the development of encryption technology;
(B)the adequacy and effectiveness of technological measures designed to protect copyrighted works; and
(C)protection of copyright owners against the unauthorized access to their encrypted copyrighted works.
The report shall include legislative recommendations, if any.
(h)Exceptions Regarding Minors.—In applying subsection (a) to a component or part, the court may consider the necessity for its intended and actual incorporation in a technology, product, service, or device, which—
(1)does not itself violate the provisions of this title; and
(2)has the sole purpose to prevent the access of minors to material on the Internet.
(i)Protection of Personally Identifying Information.—
(1)Circumvention permitted.—Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), it is not a violation of that subsection for a person to circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title, if—
(A)the technological measure, or the work it protects, contains the capability of collecting or disseminating personally identifying information reflecting the online activities of a natural person who seeks to gain access to the work protected;
(B)in the normal course of its operation, the technological measure, or the work it protects, collects or disseminates personally identifying information about the person who seeks to gain access to the work protected, without providing conspicuous notice of such collection or dissemination to such person, and without providing such person with the capability to prevent or restrict such collection or dissemination;
(C)the act of circumvention has the sole effect of identifying and disabling the capability described in subparagraph (A), and has no other effect on the ability of any person to gain access to any work; and
(D)the act of circumvention is carried out solely for the purpose of preventing the collection or dissemination of personally identifying information about a natural person who seeks to gain access to the work protected, and is not in violation of any other law.
(2)Inapplicability to certain technological measures.—
This subsection does not apply to a technological measure, or a work it protects, that does not collect or disseminate personally identifying information and that is disclosed to a user as not having or using such capability.
(j)Security Testing.—
(1)Definition.—
For purposes of this subsection, the term “security testing” means accessing a computer, computer system, or computer network, solely for the purpose of good faith testing, investigating, or correcting, a security flaw or vulnerability, with the authorization of the owner or operator of such computer, computer system, or computer network.
(2)Permissible acts of security testing.—
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(1)(A), it is not a violation of that subsection for a person to engage in an act of security testing, if such act does not constitute infringement under this title or a violation of applicable law other than this section, including section 1030 of title 18 and those provisions of title 18 amended by the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986.
(3)Factors in determining exemption.—In determining whether a person qualifies for the exemption under paragraph (2), the factors to be considered shall include—
(A)whether the information derived from the security testing was used solely to promote the security of the owner or operator of such computer, computer system or computer network, or shared directly with the developer of such computer, computer system, or computer network; and
(B)whether the information derived from the security testing was used or maintained in a manner that does not facilitate infringement under this title or a violation of applicable law other than this section, including a violation of privacy or breach of security.
(4)Use of technological means for security testing.—
Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a)(2), it is not a violation of that subsection for a person to develop, produce, distribute or employ technological means for the sole purpose of performing the acts of security testing described in subsection (2),[1] provided such technological means does not otherwise violate section [2] (a)(2).
(k)Certain Analog Devices and Certain Technological Measures.—
(1)Certain analog devices.—
(A)Effective 18 months after the date of the enactment of this chapter, no person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide or otherwise traffic in any—
(i)VHS format analog video cassette recorder unless such recorder conforms to the automatic gain control copy control technology;
(ii)8mm format analog video cassette camcorder unless such camcorder conforms to the automatic gain control technology;
(iii)Beta format analog video cassette recorder, unless such recorder conforms to the automatic gain control copy control technology, except that this requirement shall not apply until there are 1,000 Beta format analog video cassette recorders sold in the United States in any one calendar year after the date of the enactment of this chapter;
(iv)8mm format analog video cassette recorder that is not an analog video cassette camcorder, unless such recorder conforms to the automatic gain control copy control technology, except that this requirement shall not apply until there are 20,000 such recorders sold in the United States in any one calendar year after the date of the enactment of this chapter; or
(v)analog video cassette recorder that records using an NTSC format video input and that is not otherwise covered under clauses (i) through (iv), unless such device conforms to the automatic gain control copy control technology.
(B)Effective on the date of the enactment of this chapter, no person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide or otherwise traffic in—
(i)any VHS format analog video cassette recorder or any 8mm format analog video cassette recorder if the design of the model of such recorder has been modified after such date of enactment so that a model of recorder that previously conformed to the automatic gain control copy control technology no longer conforms to such technology; or
(ii)any VHS format analog video cassette recorder, or any 8mm format analog video cassette recorder that is not an 8mm analog video cassette camcorder, if the design of the model of such recorder has been modified after such date of enactment so that a model of recorder that previously conformed to the four-line colorstripe copy control technology no longer conforms to such technology.
Manufacturers that have not previously manufactured or sold a VHS format analog video cassette recorder, or an 8mm format analog cassette recorder, shall be required to conform to the four-line colorstripe copy control technology in the initial model of any such recorder manufactured after the date of the enactment of this chapter, and thereafter to continue conforming to the four-line colorstripe copy control technology. For purposes of this subparagraph, an analog video cassette recorder “conforms to” the four-line colorstripe copy control technology if it records a signal that, when played back by the playback function of that recorder in the normal viewing mode, exhibits, on a reference display device, a display containing distracting visible lines through portions of the viewable picture.
(2)Certain encoding restrictions.—No person shall apply the automatic gain control copy control technology or colorstripe copy control technology to prevent or limit consumer copying except such copying—
(A)of a single transmission, or specified group of transmissions, of live events or of audiovisual works for which a member of the public has exercised choice in selecting the transmissions, including the content of the transmissions or the time of receipt of such transmissions, or both, and as to which such member is charged a separate fee for each such transmission or specified group of transmissions;
(B)from a copy of a transmission of a live event or an audiovisual work if such transmission is provided by a channel or service where payment is made by a member of the public for such channel or service in the form of a subscription fee that entitles the member of the public to receive all of the programming contained in such channel or service;
(C)from a physical medium containing one or more prerecorded audiovisual works; or
(D)from a copy of a transmission described in subparagraph (A) or from a copy made from a physical medium described in subparagraph (C).
In the event that a transmission meets both the conditions set forth in subparagraph (A) and those set forth in subparagraph (B), the transmission shall be treated as a transmission described in subparagraph (A).
(3)Inapplicability.—This subsection shall not—
(A)require any analog video cassette camcorder to conform to the automatic gain control copy control technology with respect to any video signal received through a camera lens;
(B)apply to the manufacture, importation, offer for sale, provision of, or other trafficking in, any professional analog video cassette recorder; or
(C)apply to the offer for sale or provision of, or other trafficking in, any previously owned analog video cassette recorder, if such recorder was legally manufactured and sold when new and not subsequently modified in violation of paragraph (1)(B).
(4)Definitions.—For purposes of this subsection:
(A)An “analog video cassette recorder” means a device that records, or a device that includes a function that records, on electromagnetic tape in an analog format the electronic impulses produced by the video and audio portions of a television program, motion picture, or other form of audiovisual work.
(B)An “analog video cassette camcorder” means an analog video cassette recorder that contains a recording function that operates through a camera lens and through a video input that may be connected with a television or other video playback device.
(C)An analog video cassette recorder “conforms” to the automatic gain control copy control technology if it—
(i)detects one or more of the elements of such technology and does not record the motion picture or transmission protected by such technology; or
(ii)records a signal that, when played back, exhibits a meaningfully distorted or degraded display.
(D)The term “professional analog video cassette recorder” means an analog video cassette recorder that is designed, manufactured, marketed, and intended for use by a person who regularly employs such a device for a lawful business or industrial use, including making, performing, displaying, distributing, or transmitting copies of motion pictures on a commercial scale.
(E)The terms “VHS format”, “8mm format”, “Beta format”, “automatic gain control copy control technology”, “colorstripe copy control technology”, “four-line version of the colorstripe copy control technology”, and “NTSC” have the meanings that are commonly understood in the consumer electronics and motion picture industries as of the date of the enactment of this chapter.
(5)Violations.—
Any violation of paragraph (1) of this subsection shall be treated as a violation of subsection (b)(1) of this section. Any violation of paragraph (2) of this subsection shall be deemed an “act of circumvention” for the purposes of section 1203(c)(3)(A) of this chapter.
(Added Pub. L. 105–304, title I, § 103(a), Oct. 28, 1998, 112 Stat. 2863; amended Pub. L. 106–113, div. B, § 1000(a)(9) [title V, § 5006], Nov. 29, 1999, 113 Stat. 1536, 1501A–594.)

---
## [Mimi420/COC@f75b797124...](https://github.com/Mimi420/COC/commit/f75b79712479da1a76fe6b16aca5dbf673cd5fbd)
##### 2021-04-17 09:43:42 by Hassan Arfa

More Greek Shit

v0000000000000.2 alpha

Fuck Ionia
All my homies hate Ionia

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@e71a2a762a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e71a2a762a15aa1e6cdd035ff22ee161a7522949)
##### 2021-04-17 11:20:03 by Marko Grdinić

"10:55am. I am up. No emails, either from the recruiter or for the Cython issue I opened. I guess that's finally that for the Groq 'opportunity'. For the Cython multiprocessing issue, maybe I should try SO. I'll give it a few days more and then I'll go down that route.

11:05am. I should start. Let me first try out CFR+, and then I will go back to reading the paper from yesterday. Implementing sampling CFR will not be hard now that I know what it is about.

```
                // That max 0 makes regular CFR into CFR+
                d.regret |> am.mapInplace (fun i x => max 0 <| x + op_prob * (r2_index (index reward i) id - r2_index reward_wsum id))
```

Let me go with this.

```
            print(reward)
            m.points.extend([(len(m.points),reward)])
```

Is that doing anything. I can't tell by looking at the chart. Let me try printing it out.

```
-2.917122584599557
-1.0069597869648712
-0.49662297382724835
-0.4360719908853828
-0.4003040039890329
-0.42553172797953887
-0.3910155236158964
-0.3665074453549609
-0.36844592982565105
-0.3537319949202987
-0.33170016881189834
-0.3206686387902333
-0.31112875281902
-0.301496247613223
-0.2901249948040439
-0.279532937851619
-0.2702810919340958
-0.26138507531380784
-0.2535319024096279
-0.24557622024063508
```

Is this faster that what I had last time?

```
-2.9446226317241337
-1.386788479886696
-1.0681566714091524
-0.8899332236604345
-0.7636053331406188
-0.658291398796774
-0.5729697553220344
-0.5247056686389691
-0.48697511663560233
-0.4580668768549712
-0.4277501601368599
-0.4029865265812827
-0.38246909481601016
-0.3665300974259365
-0.3545371459344156
-0.34481499540628113
-0.3352552940623805
-0.32542978609515255
-0.3155717724913517
-0.30609449814641854
```

Yeah, CFR+ is a bit better. It is worth using.

I should also try linear CFR while I am at it. I should also test out my reward reweighting.

```
type state key act = dict.dict key {regret : a u64 f64; avg_policy : a u64 f64; actions : a u64 act; t : u64}
```

Let me add this t value as well. It should be a mut actually.

```
                // Linear CFR trick.
                inl t = f64 *t'
                // That max 0 makes regular CFR into CFR+
                d.regret |> am.mapInplace (fun i x => max 0 <| x + t * op_prob * (r2_index (index reward i) id - r2_index reward_wsum id))
                inl policy = regret_match d.regret
                inl self_prob = log_probm.exp player.prob
                d.avg_policy |> am.mapInplace (fun i x => x + t * self_prob * index policy i)
                t' <- *t'+1
                am.fold2 (fun s prob reward => s +. reward *. prob) (r2 0) policy reward
```

Let me try out the linear CFR trick as well.

```
-2.959588525241561
-1.1683424473467867
-0.7028811906821427
-0.511594075350336
-0.3161511193790989
-0.3674478993711685
-0.3315463037664021
-0.2579599973259705
-0.2217159938127677
-0.2050623740370014
-0.2202516144056568
-0.21940927341900598
-0.21517951139076796
-0.21399827646381708
-0.21669719260703785
-0.21515905441135824
-0.21785690258584256
-0.22415494659425464
-0.22239963014767594
-0.2173623186693981
```

Ah, no wait. I should have started it off at 1.

```
-2.9027291210232455
-1.145493777631549
-0.6819183778435154
-0.46341915723552607
-0.3707400539812263
-0.37551359027907993
-0.3387194329631623
-0.31365285140907595
-0.27510543896439454
-0.2792507545498578
-0.27694695945594683
-0.27965952948832307
-0.2786889594875507
-0.2681768198875881
-0.2551003893521802
-0.24816329272861928
-0.24106685997505856
-0.22393147243129055
-0.21196581545039678
-0.20036753618861403
```

Yeah, it does make it run a bit better. Far from a factor of 10-100x the paper claims.

Let me test my own innovations. How much the reward reweighting near the end gain me?

```
                // am.fold2 (fun s prob reward => s +. reward *. prob) (r2 0) policy reward
                reward_wsum
```

Let me try propagating the old reward sum instead.

```
-2.7918984245511997
-1.0766127286336324
-0.7799644275175092
-0.4757440177742619
-0.4963746235057357
-0.37156845041403985
-0.2705709892715866
-0.3378585570393434
-0.3724036877287248
-0.30727891703305105
-0.23662573047119254
-0.21746700027136906
-0.20532175407859868
-0.21499966165890175
-0.23626422747920028
-0.24220826708890666
-0.22890921728939176
-0.21829046336791325
-0.20667357950904847
-0.20046104715797863
```

Interesting. I thought that things would be particularly worse, but the only effect i smaking training less stable.

Let me try rid of linear reweighting.

```
-2.2786968114106694
-0.8678897974983952
-0.5487971903247048
-0.3890476449241019
-0.3422242450554793
-0.330590146937291
-0.3173705849293416
-0.31371884114261345
-0.3033753871944844
-0.2977673129114078
-0.2854313742117637
-0.2751910592495111
-0.2635337471840028
-0.25320595695891157
-0.24354736034050395
-0.23434509157299127
-0.22542828544637578
-0.21742418737487404
-0.21028350652382383
-0.2033594685842378
```

Strange. Ok, let me get rid of CFR+ as well.

```
-2.377627351308231
-1.0360618443579788
-0.9432914059059929
-0.893280386662344
-0.7914758719474669
-0.7190273309545795
-0.6618273088116976
-0.6090742521906459
-0.5705420960453034
-0.5368961668824576
-0.5097857164675458
-0.4812917431848625
-0.4524534916767114
-0.42664301330308296
-0.403414582152159
-0.3826579102262101
-0.36621172820348435
-0.35172160583077805
-0.33810011048758026
-0.3244051442633462
```

Now the performance goes back.

```
-2.9446226317241337
-1.386788479886696
-1.0681566714091524
-0.8899332236604345
-0.7636053331406188
-0.658291398796774
-0.5729697553220344
-0.5247056686389691
-0.48697511663560233
-0.4580668768549712
-0.4277501601368599
-0.4029865265812827
-0.38246909481601016
-0.3665300974259365
-0.3545371459344156
-0.34481499540628113
-0.3352552940623805
-0.32542978609515255
-0.3155717724913517
-0.30609449814641854
```

Reweigthed reward make things just a tad better, but that is it.

```
d.t <- *(d.t)+1
```

```
Unification failure.
Got:      mut ?
Expected: {actions : a u64 'b; avg_policy : a u64 f64; regret : a u64 f64; t : mut u64}
```

Ah, right.

```
type state key act = dict.dict key (mut {regret : a u64 f64; avg_policy : a u64 f64; actions : a u64 act; t : u64})
inl value (d : state _ _) actions = dict.memoize d fun _ =>
    inl Empty = am.init (length actions) (fun _ => 0)
    mut {regret = Empty; avg_policy = Empty; actions; t = 1}
```

Let me make the entire thing a mut.

11:55am. Had to take a break. Let me resume.

```
-2.9027291210232455
-1.145493777631549
-0.6819183778435154
-0.46341915723552607
-0.3707400539812263
-0.37551359027907993
-0.3387194329631623
-0.31365285140907595
-0.27510543896439454
-0.2792507545498578
-0.27694695945594683
-0.27965952948832307
-0.2786889594875507
-0.2681768198875881
-0.2551003893521802
-0.24816329272861928
-0.24106685997505856
-0.22393147243129055
-0.21196581545039678
-0.20036753618861403
```

Yeah, I suppose this is not bad. Improving the score from -0.3 to -0.2 after 20 iterations is nothing to scoff at. I won't be able to use the linear CFR trick in NN land as I will be getting rid of old samples, but that act will have the similar effect anyway.

12pm. What is next?

Let me read the paper from yesterday.

`Low-Variance and Zero-Variance Baselines for Extensive-Form Games`

This one. I owe it for allowing me to figure out what the update rule was for.

Also, if it is just for updating the Q values, this paper made me change my mind on giving the net hidden data. Policy is one thing, but I should in fact cheat to reduce the variance of training the policy net. This is the one thing I should absolutely do when I am training on full HU Holdem.

> Pseudocode for MCCFR with baseline-corrected values is given in Appendix A.

1pm. 12/21. The thing with predictive baselines is a bit similar to what I had, but why is it returning two rewards?

How complicated. This pseudocode is complicated.

1:20pm. I think these guys are complicating things too much what with returning two different utilities. The way I am doing by just returning the updated value is sounder.

Let me stop here so I can have breakfast."

---
## [Naveenkumar-jeethuri/Top-Mentor-Project@81b92e9c40...](https://github.com/Naveenkumar-jeethuri/Top-Mentor-Project/commit/81b92e9c404ca542ecb4dffb9e515a966515c5a3)
##### 2021-04-17 14:29:15 by Naveen Kumar N

This survey is based on the daily lifestyle of people from different part of India (however, I was able to get very few responses from out side my state)

I have tried to compare the everyday lifestyle which includes breakfast time adherence, Dinner time adherence, physical activities with the health scale of 1-10. Do review this and help me with the further study that I can do on this and the feedback for the same.

---
## [rhuijben/putty@c19e7215dd...](https://github.com/rhuijben/putty/commit/c19e7215ddd1d6a890fdb94d89bc5ccb46151363)
##### 2021-04-17 14:49:12 by Simon Tatham

Replace mkfiles.pl with a CMake build system.

This brings various concrete advantages over the previous system:

 - consistent support for out-of-tree builds on all platforms

 - more thorough support for Visual Studio IDE project files

 - support for Ninja-based builds, which is particularly useful on
   Windows where the alternative nmake has no parallel option

 - a really simple set of build instructions that work the same way on
   all the major platforms (look how much shorter README is!)

 - better decoupling of the project configuration from the toolchain
   configuration, so that my Windows cross-building doesn't need
   (much) special treatment in CMakeLists.txt

 - configure-time tests on Windows as well as Linux, so that a lot of
   ad-hoc #ifdefs second-guessing a particular feature's presence from
   the compiler version can now be replaced by tests of the feature
   itself

Also some longer-term software-engineering advantages:

 - other people have actually heard of CMake, so they'll be able to
   produce patches to the new build setup more easily

 - unlike the old mkfiles.pl, CMake is not my personal problem to
   maintain

 - most importantly, mkfiles.pl was just a horrible pile of
   unmaintainable cruft, which even I found it painful to make changes
   to or to use, and desperately needed throwing in the bin. I've
   already thrown away all the variants of it I had in other projects
   of mine, and was only delaying this one so we could make the 0.75
   release branch first.

This change comes with a noticeable build-level restructuring. The
previous Recipe worked by compiling every object file exactly once,
and then making each executable by linking a precisely specified
subset of the same object files. But in CMake, that's not the natural
way to work - if you write the obvious command that puts the same
source file into two executable targets, CMake generates a makefile
that compiles it once per target. That can be an advantage, because it
gives you the freedom to compile it differently in each case (e.g.
with a #define telling it which program it's part of). But in a
project that has many executable targets and had carefully contrived
to _never_ need to build any module more than once, all it does is
bloat the build time pointlessly!

To avoid slowing down the build by a large factor, I've put most of
the modules of the code base into a collection of static libraries
organised vaguely thematically (SSH, other backends, crypto, network,
...). That means all those modules can still be compiled just once
each, because once each library is built it's reused unchanged for all
the executable targets.

One upside of this library-based structure is that now I don't have to
manually specify exactly which objects go into which programs any more
- it's enough to specify which libraries are needed, and the linker
will figure out the fine detail automatically. So there's less
maintenance to do in CMakeLists.txt when the source code changes.

But that reorganisation also adds fragility, because of the trad Unix
linker semantics of walking along the library list once each, so that
cyclic references between your libraries will provoke link errors. The
current setup builds successfully, but I suspect it only just manages
it.

(In particular, I've found that MinGW is the most finicky on this
score of the Windows compilers I've tried building with. So I've
included a MinGW test build in the new-look Buildscr, because
otherwise I think there'd be a significant risk of introducing
MinGW-only build failures due to library search order, which wasn't a
risk in the previous library-free build organisation.)

In the longer term I hope to be able to reduce the risk of that, via
gradual reorganisation (in particular, breaking up too-monolithic
modules, to reduce the risk of knock-on references when you included a
module for function A and it also contains function B with an
unsatisfied dependency you didn't really need). Ideally I want to
reach a state in which the libraries all have sensibly described
purposes, a clearly documented (partial) order in which they're
permitted to depend on each other, and a specification of what stubs
you have to put where if you're leaving one of them out (e.g.
nocrypto) and what callbacks you have to define in your non-library
objects to satisfy dependencies from things low in the stack (e.g.
out_of_memory()).

One thing that's gone completely missing in this migration,
unfortunately, is the unfinished MacOS port linked against Quartz GTK.
That's because it turned out that I can't currently build it myself,
on my own Mac: my previous installation of GTK had bit-rotted as a
side effect of an Xcode upgrade, and I haven't yet been able to
persuade jhbuild to make me a new one. So I can't even build the MacOS
port with the _old_ makefiles, and hence, I have no way of checking
that the new ones also work. I hope to bring that port back to life at
some point, but I don't want it to block the rest of this change.

---
## [MinecraftForge/Web@21d36565f2...](https://github.com/MinecraftForge/Web/commit/21d36565f2828c19d1daaa38d9a77c4c0847bb85)
##### 2021-04-17 18:10:39 by cpw

i fucking hate debugging jenkinsfiles fucking stupid fuck shit

---
## [hexops/devlog@8f1d137653...](https://github.com/hexops/devlog/commit/8f1d137653c097cb6ba79a43815917cdb191b8c6)
##### 2021-04-17 22:12:58 by Stephen Gutekanst

add Plausible: privacy focused analytics

I hate analytics in general and think they are dumb, but it would
be cool to know how many people are actually finding my writing
interesting. I would never add Google Analytics or anything like
that, but Plausible.io seems like a nice middle-ground:

> By using Plausible Analytics, all the site measurement is carried
> out absolutely anonymously. Cookies are not set and no personal
> data is collected. All data is in aggregate only. The website owner
> gets some actionable data to help them learn and improve, while the
> visitor keeps having a nice and enjoyable experience.

Additionally, I believe analytics should always be open and public.
If we're going to claim that analytics are to help us improve (which
I do believe they can be), then they should be public and transparent.
Otherwise, it's spying - it's that simple.

In the spirit of that, our analytics are public and can be viewed here:

https://plausible.io/hexops.com

Signed-off-by: Stephen Gutekanst <stephen@hexops.com>

---

# [<](2021-04-16.md) 2021-04-17 [>](2021-04-18.md)

