# [<](2021-04-10.md) 2021-04-11 [>](2021-04-12.md)

2,246,169 events, 1,300,722 push events, 2,043,396 commit messages, 105,725,910 characters


## [panchalkalpesh/mpv](https://github.com/panchalkalpesh/mpv)@[269f0e743e...](https://github.com/panchalkalpesh/mpv/commit/269f0e743e5634691f0c9d5b1b8a4bb68eedbbd0)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 01:08:48 by wm4

path: switch back to using non-XDG config dir by default

XDG is stupid, so change back to the standard behavior. Unfortunately,
most users will now have the XDG one, so we will still need to load
this. (This is exactly the same problem as when XDG support was
introduced, just the other way around).

This should not affect any normal users. Hopefully I tested this well
enough; my intention is not to torment miserable XDG fans; they can keep
using their config dir if they want it.

This changes behavior in two cases:
- new users (now creates ~/.mpv/ instead of ~/.config/mpv/)
- users which have both directories

The latter case will behave subtly or obviously different, not sure.
Just fix your shit.

Extend the manpage with all the messy details, as far as I could reverse
engineer them from the code.

---
## [breadone/ENGGEN121SOLVER](https://github.com/breadone/ENGGEN121SOLVER)@[fe88f68476...](https://github.com/breadone/ENGGEN121SOLVER/commit/fe88f6847617dd34e2c6112524caaba299a392a3)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 03:08:00 by pradyun

started writing input parser for units, holy fucking shit that is hard
thats why ive been on a break btw just cannot look at this for too long without getting a headache
have no idea why i didnt make massarray etc static vars before but ive done it now so

---
## [autumnblazey/choospac](https://github.com/autumnblazey/choospac)@[fd54e50c15...](https://github.com/autumnblazey/choospac/commit/fd54e50c15a685bacea2593ad78e315b7178f047)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 05:54:18 by Alexander Liu

turns out i never installed json5

seems I was using the one from @babel/core or like one of the many versions of loader-utils or something, fucking hell this isnt even funny anymore like seriously i hate this hoisting thing it causes too many problems

ok yea maybe ur probably right idk maybe i should go back to npm or maybe consider yarn or smth lol, idk maybe not, because i do think its better to fix these problems now than to later realise that all the versions of loader-utils and @babel/core no longer depend on json5 and then im doomed to run `npm i json5` or `yarn add json5` which is like bruh idk i rather do that now than later, and i like strict dependencies and knowing which version of json5 i'm using (like previously was i using latest (2.2.0), old (1.0.1) or super fucking archaic (0.5.1)? i dont know! i'd rather know! thatd be great thank you!) also like what if the typings don't match up??? like that version 0 or version 1 bound to have some sort of breaking change in them or something, idk

once again:

hhhh
hhhh
hhhh
hhhh
hhhh
hhhh       hhhhhhhhhhh
hhhh    hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
hhhh  hhhhhh        hhhhhhhh
hhhhhhhh                hhhhhh
hhhhhh                    hhhhh
hhhhh                      hhhhh
hhhh                        hhhh
hhhh                        hhhh
hhhh                        hhhh
hhhh                        hhhh
hhhh                        hhhh
hhhh                        hhhh
hhhh                        hhhhoisting causes problems not lol anymore lol

---
## [TimmSkiller/nds_iconconverter](https://github.com/TimmSkiller/nds_iconconverter)@[9565775cb2...](https://github.com/TimmSkiller/nds_iconconverter/commit/9565775cb21de5fed0858b278a07601f483fda46)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 08:29:05 by TimmSkiller

fuck you github, why did you change master to main

---
## [mickdevill/Go4lunch](https://github.com/mickdevill/Go4lunch)@[3fc92a5aaa...](https://github.com/mickdevill/Go4lunch/commit/3fc92a5aaabba5d5a231893f563b0c0f2010fb21)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 09:00:47 by Mickdevil

the project stay, even if deadline is soon... THIS FUCKING FACEBOOK DONT WHANT TO FUCKING WORK GOD DAMN!!! I WHAT RIP THE DOC CREATOR ON PICES, the only class that has updats is my code cimtiery the deadCode.java, doing comit becose today i'll finish te FB SIGNIN, for sur, fuck, or this stuf work or i "commit bulet in my head"

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[434103389a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/434103389a3ba322e8572c5614ee2823f7ee3181)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 10:30:55 by Marko Grdinić

"10:50am. Sleepless night, again. Yesterday's gaming session was great, but my mind decided to kick it up a notch after I had gone to bed. I hate going to bed at 1am and then going into overdrive.

Well, my mind might be dull, but my soul is burning bright.

Here is what I've deduced, even with the recent gains in understanding, I am not even 1% there yet in matching nature's mastery of intelligence engineering. Just what level of skill would I need to do the same thing nature did in the brain? It seems unimaginable that I would be ever capable of it.

So I need to be humble and keep my eyes and ears open for clues.

I've made great advance in my understanding of CFR, not by reasoning about the algorithm directly, but by imagining simple graph and running not the actual algorithms itself, but pieces of it.

Compared to my usual sharpness in programming, the proof technique here is poor since I am not even proving things on the original program. But it is imaginative and it is generating insights for me.

It was just so difficult to get to this point. I spent so much time 2019 trying to master math. Then banging against CFR again, not getting anywhere. Month of effort.

I have no idea why I haven't been able to do back then what I did now. It is not like the insight I have now is in any way revolutionary.

There is something I have to take away from this episode - unlike with standard algorithms, anything involving rational (float) quantities is incredibly difficult to reason about.

I had the algorithm in front of me for months, and I still could not figure it out until now. It is absolutely beyond my ability to figure out the algorithms involved in general intelligence with just the power of my imagination. The only way I am going to be able to win is if somebody gives me the algorithm. Then at most I might have sufficient skill to recognize it in a partial form and then extend it like I did with the CFR algorithm.

I doubt I could have made it myself.

I could have done what I did now in 2008 and got a heads up on the samling and neural versions of the algorithm. I probably could not have made the original CFR.

11:10am. My skills are inadequate, but that is offset by the ubquity of intelligence in nature and the large research community looking into it.

11:15am. I think back in 2015, I really blew that Probabilistic Graphical Models course.

Here is what I need to do. I need to accept that CFR is my limit when it comes to NNs. That ensemble method I had thought about in Jan 2019? Forget it, it cannot handle environmental changes. I could train an ensemble of value nets, use that to drive exploration during the initial segment, but after the opponent changes policy then ensembles will have narrowed their epistemic errors and will have started moving in tandem making them useless for that purpose.

It would not work. The intrinsic motivation scheme I came up with falls apart as soon the environment starts changing in response to the agent's self optimization.

CFR kills my ensemble idea, which might be a good thing as it gives me less work to do. The way I had intended to do it would be dumb, as backproping through a sampled Gaussian random value would make the variance extreme.

11:20am. Involved in the creation of AI will be a new kind of language. Nature found it, and is taking advantage of it to shape the neural passageways in biological brains.

Predictive coding, Bayesian inference...there is more to go in that direction. There is more to go before I can understand how algorithm like CFR are derived from first principles.

If I am trully serious, that is what I should go after.

11:20am. Let me implement CFR, put it to work making money in the real world and then I will do research seriously. I will try to learn as many algorithms as I can and study them. Only that way can I increase my skill.

I've greatly cleaned up the tabular CFR algorithm. I am good at dealing with what is.

Back in high school I looked at the solutions to some of the olympiad problems and found them absolutely perplexing, but just how much effort did I put into understanding CFR? Had I obsessed about those problems to the degreed that I did CFR, my skills would not have rotted and my momentum would not waned.

I was too egoistic after my victory. I thought my own ability should allow me to do anything in the real world and was disappointed when that was not the case.

I should have known that to make progress is to steal. And that to fight seriously is to run.

11:45am. Had I been really serious about fighting rather than just daydreaming about it, I would have recognized and accepted that I needed to run rather than wait for the power to develop in me. All my life was built on delusions.

In the real world, go into flight mode. In the programming sphere, steal as much as you can.

CFR is just the first gain.

I am going to get my ML skills to from 3/5 to 5/5 and master the true language of intelligence. That is the only thing that will satisfy my ambitions and allow me to move on with my regrets, both past and future.

First requirement is money though. I'll have to put my parents into cold sleep eventually and cryogenic freezing is not something I'll be able to afford with 3k per month kind of jobs. I might need to do this for myself if the Singularity date gets skipped and goes past my lifespan.

11:50am. I am going to put everything together eventually. But that is for the future, and I can't turn away from the present.

I need to thoroughly master CFR and leave other concerns aside.

Forget ensembles. Forget AI chips. Forget anything else. Master the value networks. Master the simplest thing possible.

I'll look into predictive coding and probabilistic programming at a later date. Ensembles are the wrong way to go about this. Even if they worked in unchanging env circumstances, trying to push them will hinder my understanding of how beliefs are formed and propagated in the actual brain.

11:55am. When I have a thorough mastery of ML on par with nature, I will be able to say that I am mature as a programmer. I don't know whether that is achievable, but that is what should be my goal.

Money and recognition will come and go, but skills and algorithms are the true gain. They are actual power.

They are what will allow me to move with absolute assurance once I get them.

I won't get to that level by just trying to push NN models with backprop. I should strike out and look widely at different kinds of algorithms and master that just like CFR.

12pm. Right now I should be good to beat poker, but my ability is still inconsequential as far as real world is concerned.

12:05pm. I finally opened the editor.

Yeah, the last step before I resume the journey is to kill my Jan 2019 post. It is just daydreaming. It is not the way to go Bayesian. The real system might end up using NNs and backprop under the hood, but they will be composed using something else. It won't be possible to make human level intelligence using end-to-end supervised learning of the sort employed today.

12:10pm. I wonder if my CFR insight regarding how to do hierarchical RL would translate to GANs? I mean they do the same kind of min max thing as two player games do.

What CFR does is split the optimization levels into proper hierarchies and then does some kind of Bayesian thing to average out the cycles induced by such an optimization process. Maybe modifying the generator so its optimization is not path probability dependant, even if it is memory dependent on the discriminator would bear fruit.

It is something to think about.

I think that I should master CFR in the real world and then look into all the Bayesian and discrete optimization algorithms that are out there and master the interesting ones.

12:20pm. If I could enhance the breadth of my knowledge, that might provide fuel for the qualitative breakthrough that I need to reach the next level.

Let close this rant here with one observation.

The neural CFR update should be tried in games like Go and Chess. I strongly suspect it will work better than what is Deepmind's grand achievement. The inner loop it is optimizing is good for driving exploration and since those game are perfect information it won't be necessary to average out the cycles at all in the outer loop. So the outer policy averaging loop can be left out.

Optimizing just the inner loop should be a lot faster than optimizing the full path like in policy gradient methods.

Let me get breakfast here.

I am definitely going to work on the UIs today."

---
## [Stendarrr/VozovyPark](https://github.com/Stendarrr/VozovyPark)@[7ff60c8e0a...](https://github.com/Stendarrr/VozovyPark/commit/7ff60c8e0a4703b7573084a3adbad343b9116d65)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 10:54:14 by David Tomáš Gašparík

Among Us ruined my life (from r/amogus)
I can't fucking take it. I see an image of a random object posted and then I see it, I fucking see it. "Oh that looks kinda like the among us guy" it started as. That's funny, that's a cool reference. But I kept going, I'd see a fridge that looked like among us, I'd see an animated bag of chips that looked like among us, I'd see a hat that looked like among us. And every time I'd burst into an insane, breath deprived laugh staring at the image as the words AMOGUS ran through my head. It's torment, psychological torture, I am being conditioned to laugh maniacly any time I see an oval on a red object. I can't fucking live like this... I can't I can't I can't I can't I can't! And don't get me fucking started on the words! I'll never hear the word suspicious again without thinking of among us. Someone does something bad and I can't say anything other than "sus." I could watch a man murder everyone I love and all I would be able to say is "red sus" and laugh like a fucking insane person. And the word "among" is ruined. The phrase "among us" is ruined. I can't live anymore. Among us has destroyed my fucking life. I want to eject myself from this plane of existence.

---
## [BosunCyrus/HaakonsVikinger](https://github.com/BosunCyrus/HaakonsVikinger)@[66a9c41a50...](https://github.com/BosunCyrus/HaakonsVikinger/commit/66a9c41a50be8c463eaf5553bb926b6a13177a88)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 11:27:12 by BosunCyrus

slight tweaks!!!!

functions/ai/fn_vehiclemarkers.sqf
an attempt to remove "MRAP spotted" and replace it with something a slight bit more fitting

functions/ammunition/fn_equipmentsort.sqf
added belts & uniforms which, at a stretch, could be seen as civilian

functions/create/fn_patrolreinf.sqf
Added a quick thing to select a smaller squad of paratroopers if doing an airdrop

functions/init/fn_initvarserver.sqf
added "NATOParaDrop" as a variable, not entirely sure if I need to put it anywhere else other than the template file but we'll see...

functions/reinf/fn_equiprebel.sqf
dropped the line "if param then give unit radio" to stop people getting radios...

functions/templates/fn_getloadout.sqf
took away the function "_fnc_tfarRadio" to stop people getting a radio... pretty sure this has bricked the mission so.... I'll fix it in a bit

the templates
moved the commas around in the nf_civ.sqf, who in god's name thought that was a good idea, if it's accepted practise for any reason I'd love to hear why as it escapes me

changed the police units from sturmpanzer crew to a homebrew unit which is basically sturmpanzer crew but without the headphones

dropped any Nazi vehicles which were winter themed

added a NATOParaDrop squad, a smaller version of specops for paratrooping

replaced the German static... it's now just a "deployed mg42", this is to get around the fact that germans were just chilling in bunkers with turrets that couldn't see over the side... I might swap it around again after the next batch of testing but for now this should do

dropped the civilian boat for rebels & added some extra uniforms & ammo

finally, added a thing to try and delete "fakemag" from the arsenal, no idea what it is or what's causing it but it might cover it up

---
## [TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad)@[6ad283f205...](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad/commit/6ad283f2053b8e0b34bdd38bef1b93d9876850eb)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 12:38:27 by TwinkleInstituteAB

Create Bashkir State Medical University, the Top University of Russia 2021-22 Twinkle InstituteAB

BASHKIR STATE MEDICAL UNIVERSITY (BSMU) is one of the Top Ten Medical University in Russia leading and known medical university in Russia. The university is hierarchical among the highest ten best medical universities in Russia. Thanks to its simple admission method and cheap fee structure, Bashkir State Medical University is changing into style among international students WHO area unit trying forward to finding out MBBS in Russia.

BSMU was established within the year 1932 and is located in one of the biggest and most stunning cities of Russia – an urban centre. The Russian Ministry of Education has approved the university to coach international students.

Bashkir State Medical University is recognized by numerous medical council bodies together with (MCI) Republic of India, (MMC) Asian country, (GMC) the united kingdom and lots of a lot of, and is noncommissioned with WDOMS.

To date, the university has graduated quite 2500 general practitioners, dentists, and paediatricians, WHO area unit operating in several countries of the globe. As a result, several students from Europe, Asia, geographic area, and different countries area unit currently finding out at Bashkir State Medical University.

Bashkir State Medical University (BSMU) has four hostels that give snug accommodation to all or any international students. All the rooms area unit well-furnished basic amenities like beds, cabinets and lots of a lot of. The room is obtainable on each floor of the hostel wherever students will cook food for themselves.

For security functions, all four hostels area unit underneath the management of a law officer.

There is a reading hall for college kids to check in each hostel. For the physical coaching of scholars, the university includes a gymnasium and fitness hall.

Every year the university organizes numerous cultural programs wherever students area unit inspired to require half in them. The university has an associate degree association for all the Indian students finding out at Bashkir State Medical University, wherever they celebrate numerous Indian festivals like Diwali, Holi, Baisakhi, etc together with different students.

BSMU conducts numerous sports tournaments like soccer, basketball, a global tournament of Cricket, badminton, etc. The university includes a library that has quite 500000 books, among that eighty-fifth of them area unit of special medical literature. The library offers four specialized reading halls with 252 seats and an area of the internet.

During summers, the university conducts a summer sports camp for all the scholars at the picturesque bank of the Belaya stream.

Ufa is that the capital town of Bashkortostan Republic, western Russia. The town is located close to the Belaya (White) stream simply at a lower place its confluence with the urban centre stream.
The initial name of the town was Tura-Tau, which was the name of Capitol Hill it had been standing on. Within the Turkish language, the current name “Ufa” means that “small”. This name was utilized by the bulk of native folks.
The town is taken into account one amongst the biggest industrial centres gift in Russia. The native economy is very smitten by machine-building enterprises together with the fuel and energy business.
The town sometimes experiences heat summers and moderately long and cold winters.
The town is taken into account the biggest transport hub of Russia. The international airdrome of the urban centre provides regular flights to Perm, St. Petersburg, Barcelona, Istanbul, Yekaterinburg, Kazan, Izhevsk, Omsk, Beijing, city, Irkutsk, Moscow, etc.
For native transportation marshrutkas(commonly known as local minicabs), buses, vans, taxi etc. area unit without delay accessible.
There area unit many multi-cuisine restaurants within the town placed in several elements creating it a most popular alternative for International students to check medications in urban centre.
Bashkir state medical University is one of the Best Medical University in Russia and the topmost leading medical university in Russia. Bashkir state medical University is hierarchical among the highest ten medical universities of Russia. Bashkir state medical University is changing into the popular universities among international students owing to its low fee structure and straightforward admission procedure. The establishment of this medication has been coaching students since 1932. Bashkir state medical university may be a member of WHO (World health organization) and well recognized by MCI (Medical Council of India), MMC (Malaysia), GMC (UK) and lots of different countries. Foreign students from quite thirty-five countries area unit presently finding out at Bashkir state medical University. Foreigners will study within the English additionally as within the Russian language per their interests.

Bashkir state medical University has become an oversized and growing centre for undergraduates and postgraduates to finishing their academic programs. Quite 600 schools area unit teaching at the university. Bashkir state medical University has quite 8500 medical students from Russia and foreign countries. Over the year Bashkir state medical University has trained quite thirty-three thousand doctors in numerous departments.

Bashkir State Medical University is one of the top medical college in Russia to practice medicine. The thought about the study in Bashkir state medical university can be the centre of medical and pharmaceutical science of the Ufa Republic. This University is found in an urban centre town. For the last eighty years, Bashkir State Medical University has been coaching specialists for tending, scientific, and education add the sector of skilled medical and pharmaceutical education of the land. Among the Indian students, BMSU is one of the popular Universities for several years to pursue MBBS in Russia.

The faculty of BSMU has noted students and medical practitioners WHO pay attention to teaching, medical, scientific and innovative activity. The University retains the study material and technical resources, coaching facilities, and enormous library stock.

---
## [seanpdoyle/hotwire-example-template](https://github.com/seanpdoyle/hotwire-example-template)@[3ad3fd8de8...](https://github.com/seanpdoyle/hotwire-example-template/commit/3ad3fd8de822cdfbcbe4ced027d33adf8476791d)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 13:48:13 by Sean Doyle

Toggle open our results when search is active

Now that we're overlaying our results on top of the rest of the page,
we'll only want to do so when the end-user is actively searching. We'll
also want to avoid needless requests to the server with empty query
text.

Lucky for us, browsers provide a built-in mechanism to prevent bad
`<form>` submissions and to surface a field's correctness: [Constraint
Validations][]!

In our case, there are two ways that a search can be invalid:

1. The query `<input>` element is completely blank.
2. The query `<input>` element has a value, but that value is comprised
   of entirely empty text characters.

To consider those states invalid, render the `<input>` with [required][]
and [pattern][] attributes:

```diff
--- a/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb
+++ b/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb
-          <%= form.search_field :query %>
+          <%= form.search_field :query, required: true, pattern: /.*\w+.*/ %>
```

By default, browsers will communicating a field's invalidity by
rendering a field-local, end-user facing message. While it's important
to minimize the number of invalid HTTP requests sent to our server, a
type-ahead search box works best when users can incrementally make changes to the query
string. In our case, a validation message could disruptive or
distract a user mid-search.

To have more control over the validation experience, we'll need to write
some JavaScript. Let's create
`app/assets/javascripts/controllers/form_controller.js` to serve as a
[Stimulus Controller][]:

```javascript
import { Controller } from "stimulus"

export default class extends Controller {
}
```

Next, we'll need to listen for browsers' built-in [invalid][] events to
fire. When they do, we'll route them to the `form` controller as a
[Stimulus Action][] named `hideValidationMessage`:

```diff
--- a/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb
+++ b/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb
     <header class="relative left-0 right-0 flex justify-center">
       <div class="absolute flex flex-col items-center">
-        <%= form_with url: searches_path, method: :get, data: { turbo_frame: "search_results" } do |form| %>
+        <%= form_with url: searches_path, method: :get, data: { turbo_frame: "search_results", controller: "form", action: "invalid->form#hideValidationMessage:capture" } do |form| %>
           <%= form.label :query %>
           <%= form.search_field :query, required: true, pattern: /.*\w+.*/ %>
```

One quirk of [invalid][] events is that they _do not_ [bubble up][]
through the [DOM][]. To account for that, our `form` controller will
need to act on them during the capture phase. Stimulus support the
[`:capture` suffix][capture] as a directive to hint to the Actions
routing that the controller's action should be invoked during the
capture phase of the corresponding event listener.

Once we're able to act upon the [invalid][] event, we'll want the
`form#hideValidationMessage` action to [prevent the default behavior][]
to stop the browser from rendering the validation message.

```diff
 import { Controller } from "stimulus"

 export default class extends Controller {
+  hideValidationMessage(event) {
+    event.stopPropagation()
+    event.preventDefault()
+  }
 }
```

When the ancestor `<form>` element contains fields that are invalid, it
will match the [:invalid][] pseudo-selector. By rendering the search
results `<turbo-frame>` element as a [direct sibling][] to the `<form>`
element, we can incorporate the `:invalid` state into the sibling
element's style, and hide it.

```diff
--- a/app/assets/stylesheets/application.css
+++ b/app/assets/stylesheets/application.css
  *= require_tree .
  *= require_self
  */
+
+.empty\:hidden:empty          { display: none; }
+:invalid ~ .\~invalid\:hidden { display: none; }

--- a/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb
+++ b/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb
-        <turbo-frame id="search_results" class="bg-white border border-current px-4 py-2 max-h-96 overflow-y-scroll"></turbo-frame>
+        <turbo-frame id="search_results" class="bg-white border border-current px-4 py-2 max-h-96 overflow-y-scroll empty:hidden ~invalid:hidden"></turbo-frame>
       </div>
     </header>
```

The "syntax" for these two classes draws inspiration from [Tailwind
CSS][], but the classes are not provided by Tailwind. The `empty:hidden`
class strictly adheres to the syntax of a Tailwind [variant][], while
the `~invalid:hidden` class takes some creative liberties to prefix the
class with `~`, the [direct sibling][] selector operator.

[Constraint Validations]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/HTML5/Constraint_validation
[required]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/required
[pattern]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/pattern
[invalid]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement/invalid_event
[capture]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/reference/actions#options
[Stimulus Controller]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/handbook/hello-stimulus#controllers-bring-html-to-life
[Stimulus Action]: https://stimulus.hotwire.dev/handbook/building-something-real#connecting-the-action
[bubble up]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events#Bubbling_and_capturing_explained
[DOM]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model
[prevent the default behavior]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Events#preventing_default_behavior
[:invalid]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:invalid
[direct sibling]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/General_sibling_combinator

---
## [Errorcrafter/Aurrarium](https://github.com/Errorcrafter/Aurrarium)@[55d962a64b...](https://github.com/Errorcrafter/Aurrarium/commit/55d962a64be75aa8e96417cf79aebd408af54601)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 14:03:38 by Errorcrafter

trie to fix alignment, failedd miserably but im still commiting this fuck you

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[67254adf17...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/67254adf1777f2bfce891c38a196cada8c7df07a)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 14:48:16 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: God must love the common man; He made so many of them.

---
## [thuanpham2311/vimium_dark_theme](https://github.com/thuanpham2311/vimium_dark_theme)@[3af251dd94...](https://github.com/thuanpham2311/vimium_dark_theme/commit/3af251dd94a191c8bfdd11e483a6a3c7c5c1e903)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 14:56:46 by Nicholas (Thuan)

Initial commit

debug suff

Who knows...

I'm human

stuff

I can't believe it took so long to fix this.

epic

Only Tom Cruise knows why.

add dirty scripts from the dark side of the universe

Fixed errors

 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Update LICENSE

betterer code

Fixed compilation errors

Handled a particular error.

Wubbalubbadubdub!

Use a real JS construct, WTF knows why this works in chromium.

LAST time, David, /dev/urandom IS NOT a variable name generator...

include shit

added some filthy stuff

fix color search box

I don't know what the hell I was thinking.

I don't know why. Just move on.

Removed test case since code didn't pass QA

Working on WIP

LOL!

Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you

This is the last time we let Lukas commit ascii porn in the comments.

fix: quick fix color erorr

oops!

IEize

ALL SORTS OF THINGS

---
## [reverseon/tubesif1210kel08](https://github.com/reverseon/tubesif1210kel08)@[f07833e9b5...](https://github.com/reverseon/tubesif1210kel08/commit/f07833e9b5e241d134f986ac57c4a68d95b735ac)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 16:10:38 by ReverseON

Merge pull request #3 from reverseon/revert-2-main

Revert "break things", because fuck you

---
## [sphinx-contrib/confluencebuilder](https://github.com/sphinx-contrib/confluencebuilder)@[20ac6a9ee0...](https://github.com/sphinx-contrib/confluencebuilder/commit/20ac6a9ee026021eada92bc0d2b820a840b1fe58)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 16:44:03 by James Knight

provide msystem-environment getpass override

If `getpass` is invoked in an msystem-environment (MSYS, MinGW) with a
Windows console Python interpreter, password input cannot be captured on
the console and the interpreter needs to be manually closed with a
CTRL-BREAK call. While users can avoid this scenario by wrapping their
invoke of Sphinx with a `winpty` call, it is not obvious to new users
and an annoyance to users who may forget to add the command in an
invoke.

This commit attempts to alleviate this undesired user experience by
attempting to detect the situation where this may occur, and provide an
alternative means to acquire a password value. This initial
implementation will check for three key hints:

    os.name == 'nt'

        This issue can only occur in a Windows environment. This check
        helps exclude all other OS-types. Note that this can also
        (desirably) exclude some Cygwin and MSYS calls where the invoked
        Python interpreter is not a Windows console-based program.

    MSYSTEM environment flag

        Checks if the shell is an MSYS/MinGW shell. A user can invoke a
        Windows console program in a Cygwin shell and not experience
        this issue.

    TERM environment flag

        In most calls, the TERM environment flag will be set when
        running in an MSYS/MinGW environment. However, if a call is
        wrapped with a winpty session, the Python interpreter can invoke
        `getpass` function with no issue. winpty (2016+) will by default
        unset any TERM environment call, which helps this call exclude
        winpty invokes from attempting to use this alternative approach.

When the above scenario is detected, the `getpass` call is replaced with
a `input` call and attempts to suppress echoing on the console.

While this override is expected to work for most (if not all users),
there may be scenarios where this can cause issues. Therefore, an
undocumented `CONFLUENCEBUILDER_NO_GETPASS_HOOK` environment flag has
been added to help select users avoid triggerring this override.

Signed-off-by: James Knight <james.d.knight@live.com>

---
## [ORCACommander/Tannhauser-Gate-Dev](https://github.com/ORCACommander/Tannhauser-Gate-Dev)@[d30e9816f9...](https://github.com/ORCACommander/Tannhauser-Gate-Dev/commit/d30e9816f973964f8701dbdd5dfb659bd11bef8b)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 17:43:51 by ORCACommander

everything compiles runs and refernces

fuck you CI

---
## [Sea-of-Lost-Souls/Tannhauser-Gate](https://github.com/Sea-of-Lost-Souls/Tannhauser-Gate)@[51699ca330...](https://github.com/Sea-of-Lost-Souls/Tannhauser-Gate/commit/51699ca33031b6e586556a105e8f2a907649ede5)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 17:55:06 by ORCACommander

the second rebranding, don't ask (#81)

* the second rebranding, don't ask

rebrand rogue life to Sea of Lost Souls and the project is now known as Tannhauser-Gate

* fixed a few typos

* linters hates hyphens

* everything compiles runs and refernces

fuck you CI

---
## [TARKZiM/android_kernel_htc_oce](https://github.com/TARKZiM/android_kernel_htc_oce)@[86d219a5fc...](https://github.com/TARKZiM/android_kernel_htc_oce/commit/86d219a5fc35a4c886fd69d0790e44d8afd9b765)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 18:55:04 by Masahiro Yamada

BACKPORT: modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Change-Id: I3d1201177711fd3e2935336d592970a90923d54f
Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
Link: https://git.kernel.org/linus/ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>

---
## [msksk/higurashi-console-arcs](https://github.com/msksk/higurashi-console-arcs)@[406c3c7fa9...](https://github.com/msksk/higurashi-console-arcs/commit/406c3c7fa9e22e39018c188badbed8b23e8b27cb)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 19:19:18 by msksk

Update omot_026.txt

Line 53
Literal meaning of "バチが当たる" is "punished by Heaven."

line 357
くっ is a part of くっそー ! or くっそお! Shion tried to say "damn it!" or "shit!"

line 527
I think 興宮航空(Okinomiya Airlines) is a fictitious airline company.

line 802
みたく is the same as みたいに(like). This is not 見たく(want to see).

line 953
Probably "who made me realize that" was Mion.

---
## [MaxIsJoe/unitystation](https://github.com/MaxIsJoe/unitystation)@[a7d2ca65f7...](https://github.com/MaxIsJoe/unitystation/commit/a7d2ca65f70ff27683ff00d9d28eaa3785deac88)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 20:37:06 by MaxIsJoe

Fuck you codacy, fixes an issue with buttons not getting called.

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge)@[bfbf117200...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/bfbf1172001dee3d7c465db8d5d3f50272bddb1f)
#### Sunday 2021-04-11 23:15:19 by Nikita Voloboev

SUMMARY art design-inspiration fonts environment mindfulness authentication networking brain-computer-interfaces funny philanthropy prolog blogs social-networks space sweden

---

# [<](2021-04-10.md) 2021-04-11 [>](2021-04-12.md)

