# [<](2021-09-10.md) 2021-09-11 [>](2021-09-12.md)

2,042,155 events, 1,208,561 push events, 1,642,122 commit messages, 100,498,307 characters


## [hentaiOS-Devices/device_essential_mata](https://github.com/hentaiOS-Devices/device_essential_mata)@[5791226ba5...](https://github.com/hentaiOS-Devices/device_essential_mata/commit/5791226ba564b329e840012932677f250406b685)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 00:34:21 by Sourajit Karmakar

mata: Add EXPENSIVE_RENDERING hints for GPU

To start off, mata had a pretty shit kernel. This kernel neither used
efficient frequencies, nor had great battery life not to mention the
horrible performance. This was fine because most users never gave a fuck
and I (the only guy dailying mata and tinkering with this stuff) just
never had a pleasant experience with it.

Looking at the new Kawase blur implementation added to Android 11, I
couldn't help but want it ASAP. However, the kernel just wouldn't
cooperate (apparently). Anay wanted me to rebase the kernel because,
"our kernel visibly didn't respond to GPU boost hints triggered by
the surfaceflinger from rendering expensive blur."

Well after two lengthy kernel rebases (albeit useful ones as I was able
to eliminate a LOT OF JUNK), here we fucking go — it was never the kernel
my genius man xD.

* While at it, let's boost the GPU's minimum frequencies to the 515MHz
  (basically the third step from the maximum frequency step available to
  the Adreno 540), to further help this old 10nm chad render that beastly
  but gorgeous looking blur.

Change-Id: I8f72e68873ea46b8b7a562e5d292422d602cf42d

---
## [HohenHeizen/XenoNewman-FA](https://github.com/HohenHeizen/XenoNewman-FA)@[3497e2f6a7...](https://github.com/HohenHeizen/XenoNewman-FA/commit/3497e2f6a7934b74317d6c5bf202a8a7c081d423)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 06:28:23 by HohenHeizen

v1.2.34

FUCK THIS STUPID FUCKING SPACE ELF AND IT'S BULLSHIT

-Resized Ears
-Changed methods
-Should work, BnC makes adult's head's tiny. I think it may be due to lifestages, may make a patch for it so this works when I use it.

---
## [healthnest4/Fitworld](https://github.com/healthnest4/Fitworld)@[bd6c5615d9...](https://github.com/healthnest4/Fitworld/commit/bd6c5615d9d53a462a9815d27e4db37dc34d761c)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 08:49:47 by healthnest4

Create policy_women_fatloss.html

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
<title>Page Title</title>
</head>
<body style=" margin:20px;">

</div>
<div style="">
<div class="container">

<div class=" main-container">
<h2>
					
					30 days Women Fat Loss By Health Nest
						
					&gt; Privacy Policy</h2>
<hr/>
<div id="content"> <p>                   Health Nest built the  Home Workout By Health Nest app as                   a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by                   Health Nest at no cost and is intended for use as                   is.                 </p> <p>                   This page is used to inform visitors regarding my                   policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal                   Information if anyone decided to use my Service.                 </p> <p>                   If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to                   the collection and use of information in relation to this                   policy. The Personal Information that I collect is                   used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with                   anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.                 </p> <p>                   The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings                   as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at                   Best Free Gym and Home Workout By Health Nest unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.                 </p> <p><strong>Information Collection and Use</strong></p> <p>                   For a better experience, while using our Service, I                   may require you to provide us with certain personally                   identifiable information. The information that                   I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.                 </p> <div><p>                     The app does use third party services that may collect                     information used to identify you.                   </p> <p>                     Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used                     by the app                   </p> <ul><li><a href="https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">Google Play Services</a></li><li><a href="https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">AdMob</a></li><li><a href="https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">Google Analytics for Firebase</a></li><li><a href="https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">Firebase Crashlytics</a></li><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --><!-- --></ul></div> <p><strong>Log Data</strong></p> <p>                   I want to inform you that whenever you                   use my Service, in a case of an error in the app                   I collect data and information (through third party                   products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may                   include information such as your device Internet Protocol                   (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the                   configuration of the app when utilizing my Service,                   the time and date of your use of the Service, and other                   statistics.                 </p> <p><strong>Cookies</strong></p> <p>                   Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are                   commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent                   to your browser from the websites that you visit and are                   stored on your device's internal memory.                 </p> <p>                   This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However,                   the app may use third party code and libraries that use                   “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.                   You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies                   and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you                   choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some                   portions of this Service.                 </p> <p><strong>Service Providers</strong></p> <p>                   I may employ third-party companies and                   individuals due to the following reasons:                 </p> <ul><li>To facilitate our Service;</li> <li>To provide the Service on our behalf;</li> <li>To perform Service-related services; or</li> <li>To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.</li></ul> <p>                   I want to inform users of this Service                   that these third parties have access to your Personal                   Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to                   them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to                   disclose or use the information for any other purpose.                 </p> <p><strong>Security</strong></p> <p>                   I value your trust in providing us your                   Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially                   acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method                   of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic                   storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot                   guarantee its absolute security.                 </p> <p><strong>Links to Other Sites</strong></p> <p>                   This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on                   a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note                   that these external sites are not operated by me.                   Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the                   Privacy Policy of these websites. I have                   no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,                   privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or                   services.                 </p> <p><strong>Children’s Privacy</strong></p> <p>                   These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.                   I do not knowingly collect personally                   identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case                   I discover that a child under 13 has provided                   me with personal information, I immediately                   delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian                   and you are aware that your child has provided us with                   personal information, please contact me so that                   I will be able to do necessary actions.                 </p> <p><strong>Changes to This Privacy Policy</strong></p> <p>                   I may update our Privacy Policy from                   time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page                   periodically for any changes. I will                   notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on                   this page.                 </p> <p>This policy is effective as of 2021-03-08</p> <p><strong>Contact Us</strong></p> <p>                   If you have any questions or suggestions about my                   Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at healthnest4@gmail.com.                 </div>
</div>
</div>
</div>

</body>
</html>

---
## [Oreda-Z/rsschool-cv](https://github.com/Oreda-Z/rsschool-cv)@[afd89a0c70...](https://github.com/Oreda-Z/rsschool-cv/commit/afd89a0c70d05cf967b5b50233fff2c711de487d)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 11:07:12 by Oreda-Z

Create cv.md

# Aleksey Tukarev

**Contact Information**

- **location: ** Russia Saint-Petersburg
- **phone: ** 8 965 010 53 39
- **mail: **  shtucer34@gmail.com
- [telegram](https://t.me/Oreda_Z)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Oreda-Z)
- [linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-tukarev/)

**About Myself**

I am 35 years old. Graduated from college. Then I went to work in a printing house. After working for 10 years, I decided to change something in my life. 
I have always been attracted to computers, sometimes read and watched various materials and finally decided to get acquainted with frontend development.
I have been studying JS for a year, and I really liked this direction, in the future I want to start studying node js as well, since I see myself as a full-stack developer.

**Skills**

- Javascript, Typescript, html, css
- React (material UI, storybook)
- Redux
- Git

**Code Example**

```typescript
const centuryFromYear = (year: number): number => {
    return Math.floor(year / 100) + (year % 100 ? 1 : 0);
};
```
**Work Experience**

[My Portfolio](https://oreda-z.github.io/my-portfolio/)

**Courses**
- 2020 - current time [it-incubator](https://it-incubator.by/) React Developer
- 2021 - current time[Vladilen Inc](https://vladilen.ru/) JavaScript Junior Frontend Developer
- 2021 - current time[RS Sschool](https://rs.school/js/) JavaScript/Front-end

**English**

pre intermediate

---
## [silont-project/kernel_xiaomi_surya](https://github.com/silont-project/kernel_xiaomi_surya)@[8de9af8a50...](https://github.com/silont-project/kernel_xiaomi_surya/commit/8de9af8a503d86d337e3466ef4e6577b82905961)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 12:20:22 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: azrim <mirzaspc@gmail.com>

---
## [NurKeinNeid/frameworks_base](https://github.com/NurKeinNeid/frameworks_base)@[7b135732c9...](https://github.com/NurKeinNeid/frameworks_base/commit/7b135732c9ebc0e05e8651da4de565e05ce6a856)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 12:38:00 by ezio84

Hidden gestural bar: fix visual glitches when switching states

hacky way but it works (TODO: find a proper fix in the new year,
i don't have motivation to dig into navbar/keyguard code fuckery now lol)

setting the height to 1px keeps the navbar almost invisible
but fixes the annoying visual glitches when going from screen
off to ambient pulsing or lockscreen (more noticeable on some devices
like bonito)
to replicate the issue without this commit:
- screen ON, then screen off, then double tap to go to ambient,
then double tap to go to lockscreen, then double tap to switch screen off,
then switch screen on again
- or just switch screen off/on a few times with the power button

Also sync the hide pill code with Pulse hide pill feature

Change-Id: Ib1cc83492f8a091be5cac4563d844010cef69dbc

---
## [fluke42/DataScienceCapstone](https://github.com/fluke42/DataScienceCapstone)@[21b838f8da...](https://github.com/fluke42/DataScienceCapstone/commit/21b838f8dacc0ea7aea47d19a46fc6ac95b701b2)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 15:59:18 by William T. Ronan

Rename Test some bullshit help me make a branch god damnit to Test

---
## [Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974)@[858dfd4c51...](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974/commit/858dfd4c5199bc2a7eb219f354800b9d81e3c4f8)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 16:36:33 by Shrenuj Bansal

msm: kgsl: Add struct kgsl_device to kgsl_allocate_contiguous API

We need to pass a non NULL struct device * for the call to
dma_alloc_coherent(). Change certain APIs to allow us to pass
down struct kgsl_device ptr so we can pass in a valid struct
device * to dma_alloc_coherent()

Change-Id: I24eaa2b7834b573b0520f6aa1f00447eb1f35dc6
Signed-off-by: Shrenuj Bansal <shrenujb@codeaurora.org>

msm: kgsl: Remove unused sharedmem functions

No sense in keeping these sharedmem functions around and have to
try and maintain them.

Change-Id: I14b8584c575ed1f935251c54610c572cb51279d4
Signed-off-by: Carter Cooper <ccooper@codeaurora.org>

msm: kgsl: Make the dma_set_coherent_mask call universal

Now that we are required to send a non-NULL device ptr to
dma_alloc_coherent(), we need to interrogate the kernel to see if
the DMA controller can properly support the device's addressing
limitation. Therefore, moving the dma_set_coherent_mask to
adreno_probe before we allocate the ringbuffer.

Change-Id: I29e9c77e7551bc3447877aa5570e4d89fbb94a2e
Signed-off-by: Shrenuj Bansal <shrenujb@codeaurora.org>

msm: kgsl: Consolidate the contiguous memory allocation functions

We have competing contiguous memory allocation functions that
serve the same purpose. Use CMA for all our contiguous needs
and factor out the legacy code.

Change-Id: Ic0dedbad9965a456b24bc78e1f360242568f15bb
Signed-off-by: Jordan Crouse <jcrouse@codeaurora.org>

msm: kgsl: Remove Z180 driver

Support for any target that had the Z180 2D core has been removed
from the kernel.

Change-Id: Ic0dedbad1aaa8bbb9062b31f4140c1a17269ff51
Signed-off-by: Jordan Crouse <jcrouse@codeaurora.org>

msm: kgsl: Remove adreno postmortem

All the cool kids use snapshot now so remove adreno postmortem and
associated functionality.  Sorry postmortem - I think we should see
other people.  Its not you, its me. I've grown up.

Change-Id: Ic0dedbadf461ebab439c91068a0c43e1de74b74b
Signed-off-by: Jordan Crouse <jcrouse@codeaurora.org>

msm: kgsl: Remove A2XX support

All targets supporting A2XX GPUs were removed from the kernel in
b3270aa98aa7f4d7ccf1eef10e0624409dfe415f. If we left A2XX code
in KGSL it would bitrot that much faster. Farewell old friend.

Change-Id: Ic0dedbad7d31ab1c30e1fabf4f10f867a73299dc
Signed-off-by: Jordan Crouse <jcrouse@codeaurora.org>

msm: kgsl: Remove A3XX legacy context save/restore

The A3XX context save/restore code in the kernel is no longer needed by the
UMD.  Remove it and all other vestiges of context save/restore.
And there was much rejoicing.

Change-Id: Ic0dedbad84e862216ee9ad02d3bfe7558a209cca
Signed-off-by: Jordan Crouse <jcrouse@codeaurora.org>

---
## [amidstdebug/Python-Web-App](https://github.com/amidstdebug/Python-Web-App)@[2ca0e89841...](https://github.com/amidstdebug/Python-Web-App/commit/2ca0e89841d680ed89522b0e99ba16d5fba14147)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 18:01:45 by Justin Wong JH

Update #4 (Project Completion)
Updated:
- auth.py (Fixed up some bugs and allowed inter-file variable usage and editing to edit the database using current_user and more Flask imports and methods)

- views.py (Addition of creation of notes and deletion of notes using jsonify)

- index.js (Added the function to process the deletion of notes)

- base.html (Re-added essential scripting to allow import of index.js)

- home.html (Added display of notes using for loop and addition of deletion of notes

||

What did I learn?
- I learnt that the usage of classes is super important. I am not too sure whether this is OOP or not, but I think it's a step in the right direction. However, I need to get used to all this shebang, since I'm not used to the          referencing of classes all around the place, especially cross-file.

- Pay attention to the details. Man, I had quite te number of bugs to fix, like using 'note' instead of 'noteId', or using {% for notes in  user.notes %} instead of {% for note in user.notes %}. The minute things really get to me, I   don't know how to kinda mention it I guess. It really is a pain in the ass to fucking scour the code, but meh, that's the life of a webdev (frontend and backend) I suppose.

- But yea, there really wasn't much learning going on in this case, because I was already nearing the end. But all in all, it has been an enjoyable experience learning how to do a Web App with Python, since all I know is just the      frontend with a href to a javascript file detailing some functions here and there. It was quite fun as I got to learn about POST and GET requests, and I also stumbled upon DELETE and PUT requests in another backend video, but it was just POST and GET for this project. From setting up Flask, to setting up SQL (again), I learnt a lot; I learnt all the difference imports, functions and methods, and also learnt how to set up a database in Python (rather             traumatising but it was all in good fun LOL). I also learnt what the (if __name__ = '__main__') thing was about. Apparently we use it to differentiate Python scripts that are NOT supposed to be run, and the executable Python         scripts. A rather charming detail is that PyCharm puts this run button beside the code, so that's neat. The way it works is basically that __name__ is the exact name of the file if it is being imported, but it will be __main__ if it is the file itself. So what you'd do is just check whether the file is being imported, because if it is, then it will not be run because like I've mentioned earlier, the __name__ == filename. This convention can also be used in      tandem with the main() function, which also pops up a lot in terms of code readability and the usage of global variables, because you most likely will never EVER want to use global variables especially when you're working with       multiple-file projects, like this one. I also got to apply my BootStrap knowledge, using all the different classes to add paddings (the fucking pl-5 and pr-5, goodness!). I have to thank Tech with Tim for the tutorial, and I'm going to be working on more projects after this, like the MERN stack and Data Analytics using services, software and code like say, Pandas, Matplotlib etc.

||

What will I do next?
- Well, I have quite a number of projects coming up, but it's not an exhaustive list; these are the ones that I'll be completing during this holiday.
  - MERN Stack (MongoDB, Express, React, Node make up the MERN stack. This is basically my next project coming up, as I'll be learning the Javascript/node.js equivalent of a Python Web App. Looking forward to it, and this coincides      with my syllabus too! That's actually why I started learning backend to begin with.)

  - Data Classes in Python (Just a quick lesson!)

  - Solving Real World Data Science Problems with Python (Learning DS using real-world analogies and examples)

  - Data Science Apps with Python (Creating interesting applications with DS implemented in it. This will probably relate most to my final year project where I will have to implement DS. I will most likely do something related to F1     race results/classification prediction or bowling oil pattern prediction alongside simulated test shots to test theory)

  - Data Visualisation with Matplotlib (I think it's pretty self explanatory but I'll be learning the basic ins and outs of matplotlib to do data visualisation using different graphs such as bar graphs, plot-and-whisker graphs, or       even line graphs. This can also come in the form of live graphs and I might learn how to create an API for it, and may use it in my final year project with the plotting of live results that are constantly changing and contrasting   it with my predictions in different colours... maybe? Who knows?)

  - Machine Learning in Python (I think this is pretty self explanatory, but I actually find machine learning and neural networks rather difficult to understand and comprehend, and may or may not like it. But, I'll reserve my            judgement for until after I'm completed with that project. I'm looking forward to at least learning something that really challenges me and allows me to grow intellectually and maybe even personally; not to say that the other        projects won't, but having dabbled in the theory of machine learning before, it has proved daunting to me, and I'm up for that challenge. I'm expecting a tough challenge, but this will result in an even sweeter feeling of success    once I successfully complete the project and move on to bigger things!

Signed-off-by: Justin Wong JH <63507306+amidstdebug@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Tanguygab/TAB-Additions](https://github.com/Tanguygab/TAB-Additions)@[2b367f1ee5...](https://github.com/Tanguygab/TAB-Additions/commit/2b367f1ee5548bc2a4fdd98773bee74dbf5b9bc1)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 18:27:42 by Tanguygab

I definitely hate my life ||
added viewer support for tags cmd & */everyone support

---
## [amidstdebug/Python-Web-App](https://github.com/amidstdebug/Python-Web-App)@[ad6896838e...](https://github.com/amidstdebug/Python-Web-App/commit/ad6896838e3102583745a49bd98e9187ac859411)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 19:33:34 by Justin Wong JH (amidstdebug@github)

Update #Final
Updated:
- init.py (Did the login manager to ensure that users are unable to access homepage
  without logging in)

- auth.py (Did the logic for the user login and logout. Also updated logic to check for
   concurrently existing users in the database using user.query.filter_by(). This will
   ensure that the integrity error doesn't occur)

- views.py (Added the @login_required decorator prerequisite to ensure users MUST
   login before accessing the homepage, which kinda makes sense if you think about
   it)

What did I learn?
- Password hashes are cool

- Always remember to use the correct variable name

- Python Decorators are important, but I am unsure as to how they are used, so I'll
   need to look it up

- request.form.get and user.query.filter_by are important when referencing data
  located in external files

What will I do next?
- Go and familiarise myself with the whole 'flask_login' login_user, login_required,
   logout_user, current_user functions

- Learn how to use python decorators

- Finish up the remainder of the project

Updated:
- auth.py (Fixed up some bugs and allowed inter-file variable usage and editing to
  edit the database using current_user and more Flask imports and methods)

- views.py (Addition of creation of notes and deletion of notes using jsonify)

- index.js (Added the function to process the deletion of notes)

- base.html (Re-added essential scripting to allow import of index.js)

- home.html (Added display of notes using for loop and addition of deletion of notes

||

What did I learn?
- I learnt that the usage of classes is super important. I am not too sure whether this
  is OOP or not, but I think it's a step in the right direction. However, I need to get
  used to all this shebang, since I'm not used to the referencing of classes all around
  the place, especially cross-file.

- Pay attention to the details. Man, I had quite te number of bugs to fix, like using
  'note' instead of 'noteId', or using {% for notes in  user.notes %} instead of
  {% for note in user.notes %}. The minute things really get to me, I don't know how to
  kinda mention it I guess. It really is a pain in the ass to fucking scour the code,
  but meh, that's the life of a webdev (frontend and backend) I suppose.

- But yea, there really wasn't much learning going on in this case, because I was already
  nearing the end. But all in all, it has been an enjoyable experience learning how to do
  a Web App with Python, since all I know is just the frontend with a href to a javascript
  file detailing some functions here and there. It was quite fun as I got to learn about
  POST and GET requests, and I also stumbled upon DELETE and PUT requests in another backend
  video, but it was just POST and GET for this project. From setting up Flask, to setting up
  SQL (again), I learnt a lot; I learnt all the difference imports, functions and methods,
  and also learnt how to set up a database in Python (rather traumatising but it was all in
  good fun LOL). I also learnt what the (if __name__ = '__man__') thing was about. Apparently
  we use it to differentiate Python scripts that are NOT supposed to be run, and the executable
  Python scripts. A rather charming detail is that PyCharm puts this run button beside the code,
  so that's neat. The way it works is basically that __name__ is the exact name of the file if
  it is being imported, but it will be __main__ if it is the file itself. So what you'd do is
  just check whether the file is being imported, because if it is, then it will not be run
  because like I've mentioned earlier, the __name__ == filename. This convention can also be
  used in tandem with the main() function, which also pops up a lot in terms of code readability
  and the usage of global variables, because you most likely will never EVER want to use global
  variables especially when you're working with multiple-file projects, like this one. I also
  got to apply my BootStrap knowledge, using all the different classes to add paddings
  (the fucking pl-5 and pr-5, goodness!). I have to thank Tech with Tim for the tutorial,
  and I'm going to be working on more projects after this, like the MERN stack and Data Analytics
  using services, software and code like say, Pandas, Matplotlib etc.

||

What will I do next?
- Well, I have quite a number of projects coming up, but it's not an exhaustive list; these are
  the ones that I'll be completing during this holiday.
  - MERN Stack (MongoDB, Express, React, Node make up the MERN stack. This is basically my next
    project coming up, as I'll be learning the Javascript/node.js equivalent of a Python Web App.
    Looking forward to it, and this coincides with my syllabus too! That's actually why I started
    learning backend to begin with.)

  - Data Classes in Python (Just a quick lesson!)

  - Solving Real World Data Science Problems with Python (Learning DS using real-world analogies
    and examples)

  - Data Science Apps with Python (Creating interesting applications with DS implemented in it.
    This will probably relate most to my final year project where I will have to implement DS.
    I will most likely do something related to F1 race results/classification prediction or bowling
    oil pattern prediction alongside simulated test shots to test theory)

  - Data Visualisation with Matplotlib (I think it's pretty self explanatory but I'll be learning
    the basic ins and outs of matplotlib to do data visualisation using different graphs such as bar
    graphs, plot-and-whisker graphs, or even line graphs. This can also come in the form of live graphs
    and I might learn how to create an API for it, and may use it in my final year project with the
    plotting of live results that are constantly changing and contrasting it with my predictions
    in different colours... maybe? Who knows?)

  - Machine Learning in Python (I think this is pretty self explanatory, but I actually find machine
    learning and neural networks rather difficult to understand and comprehend, and may or may not
    like it. But, I'll reserve my judgement for until after I'm completed with that project.
    I'm looking forward to at least learning something that really challenges me and allows me
    to grow intellectually and maybe even personally; not to say that the other projects won't,
    but having dabbled in the theory of machine learning before, it has proved daunting to me,
    and I'm up for that challenge. I'm expecting a tough challenge, but this will result in an
    even sweeter feeling of success once I successfully complete the project and move on to bigger things!

Signed-off-by: Justin Wong JH (amidstdebug@github) <63507306+amidstdebug@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [TheLegend30/JavaProjectsAndTasks](https://github.com/TheLegend30/JavaProjectsAndTasks)@[57c5040d31...](https://github.com/TheLegend30/JavaProjectsAndTasks/commit/57c5040d31560febc57af02409fc3032e0454749)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 19:39:26 by Oleh

Create I love you, a little , a lot, passionately ... not at all.java

Description:
Who remembers back to their time in the schoolyard, when girls would take a flower and tear its petals, saying each of the following phrases each time a petal was torn:

I love you
a little
a lot
passionately
madly
not at all
When the last petal was torn there were cries of excitement, dreams, surging thoughts and emotions.

Your goal in this kata is to determine which phrase the girls would say for a flower of a given number of petals, where nb_petals > 0.

---
## [BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet)@[1411244552...](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/1411244552d7bbc9c177beae2c95ac691e90db2f)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 20:45:36 by Gallyus

1984: Suppressed Bans (#5251)

* Suppressor Permission
Critical fix to ban notes

* Confirmation alert

* Allow Temp Bans
Relevant terminology changes

* I totally did not not do this at 3am

* FUCK I FORGOT TO UPDATE THE UI
TGUI SUCKS BUT HOLY SHIT THIS STUFF IS /AWFUL/

* irc>tgs

---
## [TheLegend30/JavaProjectsAndTasks](https://github.com/TheLegend30/JavaProjectsAndTasks)@[47fedc66a6...](https://github.com/TheLegend30/JavaProjectsAndTasks/commit/47fedc66a6aa2fd4a55a0939aef1e5a0c9dba5e8)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 22:04:17 by Oleh

Create Dubstep.java

Description:
Polycarpus works as a DJ in the best Berland nightclub, and he often uses dubstep music in his performance. Recently, he has decided to take a couple of old songs and make dubstep remixes from them.

Let's assume that a song consists of some number of words (that don't contain WUB). To make the dubstep remix of this song, Polycarpus inserts a certain number of words "WUB" before the first word of the song (the number may be zero), after the last word (the number may be zero), and between words (at least one between any pair of neighbouring words), and then the boy glues together all the words, including "WUB", in one string and plays the song at the club.

For example, a song with words "I AM X" can transform into a dubstep remix as "WUBWUBIWUBAMWUBWUBX" and cannot transform into "WUBWUBIAMWUBX".

Recently, Jonny has heard Polycarpus's new dubstep track, but since he isn't into modern music, he decided to find out what was the initial song that Polycarpus remixed. Help Jonny restore the original song.

Input
The input consists of a single non-empty string, consisting only of uppercase English letters, the string's length doesn't exceed 200 characters

Output
Return the words of the initial song that Polycarpus used to make a dubsteb remix. Separate the words with a space.

Examples
songDecoder("WUBWEWUBAREWUBWUBTHEWUBCHAMPIONSWUBMYWUBFRIENDWUB")
  // =>  WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS MY FRIEND

---
## [andrew351/EarthHub](https://github.com/andrew351/EarthHub)@[41b12e4f98...](https://github.com/andrew351/EarthHub/commit/41b12e4f9828a50c7cab296bb613a0935ce8698e)
#### Saturday 2021-09-11 23:00:02 by andrew351

Create 5062619730.lua

for e,l in pairs({(function(l,...)_2edcfb981d35d4be="This file was obfuscated using PSU Obfuscator 4.5.A | https://www.psu.dev/ & discord.gg/psu";local U=_2edcfb981d35d4be local G=l[((786440930-#("Perth")))];local o=l["maRsy"];local N=l[(336976324)];local a=l[(856239443)];local E=l[(490898845)];local W=l["SytS0u"];local L=l[((#{438;}+638511291))];local T=l[((702450384-#("pept is not a jew")))];local f=l[(777490388)];local Y=l[(645992455)];local j=l.p50cY;local w=l[((#{152;44;797;265;}+960744040))];local Q=l.p1RIX6DS;local s=l[(451866186)];local M=l[((#{(function(...)return 409;end)()}+957142516))];local u=l[((73862021-#("help me my balls are shrinking!!!  - perth but he never had any balls in the first place")))];local D=l[((99067407-#("perth")))];local h=l["rHqk3by"];local _=l[((#{}+407181485))];local S=l[(634744558)];local v=l.chp3VvbMae;local b=l[(983795994)];local R=l[(895878300)];local P=l[((#{193;695;642;(function(...)return;end)()}+198916073))];local O=l[((#{149;575;(function(...)return 547,12,801,184,...;end)(662)}+217560809))];local H=l[((941097302-#("I always stay winning and you still losing")))];local r=l[(135725528)];local i=l[(53756532)];local B=l[((885017356-#("Ricked Roleld SKID")))];local V=l.siVhPZJFs0;local c=l[((677321373-#("azobackup")))];local p=l[((4119501-#("herttfuscator_deobfuscator.zip Oh no everyones gonna die")))];local X=l[(779887199)];local k=((getfenv)or(function(...)return(_ENV);end));local n,d,e=({}),(""),(k(a));local t=((e["\98\105\116\51\50"])or(e["\98\105\116"])or({}));local n=(((t)and(t["\98"..l['BVtdZi7'].."\111"..l['CofjQU']]))or(function(l,n)local e,o=a,f;while((l>f)and(n>f))do local a,t=l%c,n%c;if a~=t then o=o+e;end;l,n,e=(l-a)/c,(n-t)/c,e*c;end;if l<n then l=n;end;while l>f do local n=l%c;if n>f then o=o+e;end;l,e=(l-n)/c,e*c;end;return(o);end));local x=(c^b);local g=(x-a);local y,I,m;local x=(d["\115"..l[E].."\98"]);local ll=(d[""..l[D].."\104\97\114"]);local C=(d[""..l[j]..l["Dz692sxZ"]..l[E].."\98"]);local C=(d[""..l[s]..l[_]..l[o]..l[i]]);local F=(e[""..l[h].."\97\116\104"][""..l['sEZpzs6W']..l["NLv6C"]..l[w].."\111"..l["CofjQU"]]);local z=(e["\112"..l[D]..l[r]..l.NLv6C.."\108"]);local d=((e[""..l[E].."\110\112"..l[r].."\99"..l[N]])or(e[""..l[o].."\97"..l[s]..l.NLv6C..l[i]]["\117\110"..l.rZizF.."\97\99"..l[N]]));local j=(e[""..l.Dz692sxZ..l[o]..l['CofjQU'].."\105\110"..l[j]][""..l[h].."\97"..l[o]..l[D].."\104"]);local q=(e["\112\97"..l[u]..l["CofjQU"].."\115"]);local J=((e[""..l[h]..l[r].."\116\104"][""..l["NLv6C"]..l[v]..l[i].."\120\112"])or(function(e,l,...)return((e*c)^l);end));local K=function(e,n,l)return l+n or e*l end;local Z=(e[""..l["Dz692sxZ"]..l[i]..l[o]..l[h]..l[i]..l[o].."\97\116"..l[r]..l[s].."\108"..l[i]]);local N=(e["\114\97\119\115"..l[i]..l[o]]);local E=(e[""..l[o]..l[w]..l[p]..l[E]..l[h]..l[s].."\101"..l["CofjQU"]]);local N=(e[""..l.Dz692sxZ..l[i].."\108"..l[i]..l[D]..l[o]]);local h=(e[""..l[o]..l[_].."\112\101"]);m=(t["\98\97"..l[p].."\100"])or(function(l,e,...)return(((l+e)-n(l,e))/c);end);local h=(t[""..l[s].."\111\114"])or(function(l,e,...)return(g-m(g-l,g-e));end);local g=(t["\98\110\111\116"])or(function(l,...)return(g-l);end);I=((t[""..l['CofjQU'].."\115\104"..l[u].."\102"..l[o]])or(function(e,l,...)if(l<f)then return(y(e,-(l)));end;return(F(e%c^b/c^l));end));y=((t["\108\115"..l[B].."\105"..l["sEZpzs6W"]..l[o]])or(function(e,l,...)if(l<f)then return(I(e,-(l)));end;return((e*c^l)%c^b);end));if((not(e["\98"..l[u]..l[o]..l[R]..l['lhQlG']]))and(not(e["\98"..l[u]..l[o]])))then t[""..l["NLv6C"]..l["Dz692sxZ"]..l[B]..l[u]..l.sEZpzs6W..l[o]]=y;t[""..l[s].."\110"..l[w].."\116"]=g;t[""..l[s].."\120\111"..l["CofjQU"]]=n;t["\98\111"..l['CofjQU']]=h;t[""..l[s]..l[r].."\110"..l[v]]=m;t[""..l['CofjQU'].."\115"..l[B]..l[u].."\102\116"]=I;end;local h=(((e[""..l[o]..l[r].."\98"..l.NLv6C.."\101"]["\99"..l['CofjQU']..l[i]..l[r].."\116"..l[i]]))or((function(l,...)return({d({},f,l);});end)));local c=(e[""..l[o]..l[r].."\98\108\101"][""..l['CofjQU'].."\101\109\111\118\101"]);local g=""..l[W].."\40\37\100"..l.EHzT63t5i..l[O].."\58";local c=(e["\116"..l[r]..l[s].."\108\101"][""..l[u].."\110"..l['Dz692sxZ'].."\101"..l['CofjQU']..l[o]]);local r=(e["\116"..l[r].."\98\108"..l[i]][""..l[D].."\111"..l[p]..l[D].."\97"..l[o]]);e["\98"..l[u]..l[o].."\51"..l["lhQlG"]]=t;local e=((-L+(function()local c,n=f,a;(function(n,e,o,l)o(l(n and l,o and e,o,e),e(l,l,o,o),n(l and l,n,l,e),n(l,e,l,n and l))end)(function(t,l,o,e)if c>P then return e end c=c+a n=(n*M)%V if(n%X)>H then return e else return l(e(t and e,o,o,l),l(l and l,l and l,e and e,e),t(l,t,e,l),l(l,o,e,l))end return o(t(e,e and l,e,e),l(t,o,e,t),l(o,o,l,o),t(l,t,t,o))end,function(o,e,l,t)if c>T then return l end c=c+a n=(n-Q)%S if(n%G)>Y then return e else return l(e(l,o and l,e,l),e(e,o and l,t,e),e(e,t,t,l and l),o(l,t and l,l,l and l))end return o(e(e,o,e,l),l(e,l,t and e,l),o(l,e,l,l)and e(l,e,l,l and l),t(o,o,l,e and e))end,function(o,e,l,t)if c>(210)then return e end c=c+a n=(n-(725))%(39611)if(n%((#{(function(...)return 295;end)()}+223)))>(112)then return e(l(l,l,e,o and t),l(e,l,o and o,t),l(t,e,t,l),o(o,o,t and e,l and l))else return l end return e end,function(l,t,o,e)if c>((122-#("sus imposter among us")))then return o end c=c+a n=(n*(484))%((5349-#("GaySense?")))if(n%((#{495;994;49;}+633)))<((#{822;948;768;}+315))then n=(n*(282))%((38706-#("how do I compile lua into rust please help")))return t else return l(t(o,t,e,l),e(l,e,o,e),e(t and o,o,e,t),t(e,o,l and l,o))end return o(l(l and o,e,t,l)and o(l,l,l and o,l),t(l,o,t and e,e)and l(t,o and l,o,l),l(e,e,e,e),l(t,o,e,e and e))end)return n;end)()));local o,c=z(function(e)local n,l=e()local o,e=n(e(E),l)local n,l=n(K,f,nil,l)return E(j(l,g))-E(j(e,g))+a end,function(l)if l then return function(l)return l()end else return z,''end end)   local o=(#U+(165));local t,u=({}),({});for l=f,o-a do local e=ll(l);t[l]=e;u[l]=e;u[e]=l;end;local s,c=(function(n)local l,c,d=C(n,c,((#{367;181;324;}+0)));if((l+c+d)~=((254-#("tiwiko"))))then e=e+(85);o=o+(87);end;n=x(n,(5));local e,c,d=(""),(""),({});local l=a;local function i()local e=E(x(n,l,l),(36));l+=a;local n=E(x(n,l,l+e-a),((110-#("just got my covid 19 vaccine and i can already feel the microchips flowing"))));l+=e;return(n);end;e=u[i()];d[a]=e;while(l<#n)do local l=i();if t[l]then c=t[l];else c=e..x(e,a,a);end;t[o]=e..x(c,a,a);d[#d+a],e,o=c,c,o+a;end;return(r(d));end)("PSU|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"),(#U-((105-#("when the amogus"))));local function o(e,l,...)if(e==664388472)then return((n(n(n(l,631477),48902),777229))-950474);elseif(e==896121885)then return((((n(l,895375))-359691)-193523)-880328);elseif(e==316247723)then return(n(n((n(n(l,493751),648308))-611333,3540),395790));elseif(e==494342780)then return(n((((n(l,922031))-224544)-81511)-677201,775558));elseif(e==196233932)then return((n(n((n(l,781345))-396793,515869),995369))-851705);elseif(e==467262217)then return(((n(l,821149))-458293)-855034);elseif(e==938530604)then return((n(n(n(l,266641),688157),665521))-860549);elseif(e==976944755)then return(n(n(n(n(l,772771),266459),588994),624665));elseif(e==447580537)then return(n(n((n((l)-478306,307695))-641697,71675),621968));elseif(e==104337565)then return((n(((n(l,677095))-838130)-156113,258875))-467286);elseif(e==778512795)then return(n(n(((n(l,157311))-743029)-40998,136401),774744));elseif(e==917849327)then return((n((l)-256449,962761))-624391);else end;end;if _ENV then _ENV._ENV=_ENV end;local i=l[(252531768)];local E=l[(727954895)];local D=l[(677321364)];local f=l["E0DsM60g0"];local a=l[(856239443)];local r=l[((#{462;303;804;872;(function(...)return 751,547,651,17;end)()}+431996097))];local o=l[((386291143-#("hgi")))];local A=l[(777490388)];local function t()local d,l,t,a=C(s,c,c+f);d=n(d,e);e=d%o;l=n(l,e);e=l%o;t=n(t,e);e=t%o;a=n(a,e);e=a%o;c+=r;return((a*i)+(t*E)+(l*o)+d);end;local function f()local a,l=C(s,c,c+D);a=n(a,e);e=a%o;l=n(l,e);e=l%o;c=c+D;return((l*o)+a);end;local function i()local l=n(C(s,c,c),e);e=l%o;c=(c+a);return(l);end;local function r(e,l,n)if(n)then local l=(e/D^(l-a))%D^((n-a)-(l-a)+a);return(l-(l%a));else local l=D^(l-a);return(((e%(l+l)>=l)and(a))or(A));end;end;local m="\35";local function D(...)return({...}),N(m,...);end;local function H(...)local a=l[(777490388)];local Q=l[((#{929;909;}+9485195))];local k=l['E0DsM60g0'];local E=l[(677321364)];local R=l[(179954418)];local w=l[(386291140)];local S=l.CyFox;local b=l[((#{(function(...)return 442,...;end)()}+108067940))];local D=l[((#{665;774;418;(function(...)return 94,456,822;end)()}+681413250))];local Z=l[((177065916-#("How can hit your balls to make bigger balls. Will you cum to me?")))];local p=l.zZY3j;local M=l[((#{352;564;531;(function(...)return 825,419,976,785,...;end)(291,247,665)}+268167262))];local o=l[(856239443)];local _=l["kkjMBa20A"];local P=l[(690500409)];local I=l[((#{784;(function(...)return 827,333,...;end)(237)}+983795990))];local U=l[(47506005)];local v=l['bAF5pN3H'];local m=l[((#{372;309;63;}+545069044))];local A=l[((#{646;514;(function(...)return;end)()}+431996103))];local j=l.l9pv5N;local g=l.yy8yMjBj;local N=l[(214217239)];local function B(...)local l=({});local h=({});local y=({});local z=i(e);for d=a,t(e)-o,o do local f=i(e);if(f%D==g)then local e=i(e);l[d]=(e~=a);elseif(f%D==R)then while(true)do local e=t(e);l[d]=x(s,c,c+e-o);c=c+e;break;end;elseif(f%D==E)then while(true)do local t=t(e);if(t==a)then l[d]=('');break;end;if(t>U)then local a,i=(''),(x(s,c,c+t-o));c=c+t;for l=o,#i,o do local l=n(C(x(i,l,l)),e);e=l%w;a=a..u[l];end;l[d]=a;else local o,a=(''),({C(s,c,c+t-o)});c=c+t;for a,l in q(a)do local l=n(l,e);e=l%w;o=o..u[l];end;l[d]=o;end;break;end;elseif(f%D==A)then while(true)do local c=t(e);local n=t(e);local t=o;local c=(r(n,o,_)*(E^I))+c;local e=r(n,D,Z);local n=((-o)^r(n,I));if(e==a)then if(c==a)then l[d]=F(n*a);break;else e=o;t=a;end;elseif(e==N)then l[d]=(c==a)and(n*(o/a))or(n*(a/a));break;end;local e=J(n,e-S)*(t+(c/(E^j)));l[d]=e%o==a and F(e)or e break;end;else l[d]=nil end;end;local n=t(e);for l=a,n-o,o do h[l]=({});end;for B=a,n-o,o do local n=i(e);if(n~=a)then n=n-o;local c,C,D,d,u,s=a,a,a,a,a,a;local x=r(n,o,k);if(x==o)then u=(i(e));d=(t(e));c=(f(e));elseif(x==E)then u=(i(e));d=h[(t(e))];c=(f(e));elseif(x==p)then elseif(x==b)then u=(i(e));d=(t(e));s=(f(e));c=(f(e));D=({});for l=o,s,o do D[l]=({[a]=i(e),[o]=f(e)});end;elseif(x==k)then u=(i(e));d=h[(t(e))];s=(f(e));c=(f(e));elseif(x==a)then u=(i(e));d=(f(e));s=(f(e));c=(f(e));end;if(r(n,A,A)==o)then c=l[c];end;if(r(n,p,p)==o)then s=l[s];end;if(r(n,m,m)==o)then C=h[t(e)];else C=h[B+o];end;if(r(n,b,b)==o)then d=l[d];end;if(r(n,g,g)==o)then D=({});for l=o,i(),o do D[l]=t();end;end;local l=h[B];l['bY9iVoRY']=d;l[-M]=C;l["sfOsXvmEG"]=D;l['Ut08']=c;l['kshtDs3']=s;l[-Q]=u;end;end;for l=a,t(e)-o,o do y[l]=B();end;local e=f(e);return({['wT37JHvzMo']=z;[-P]=a;['RQZzHqpanM']=l;[-v]=y;["RtBB"]=e;['PCHxw5f']=h;});end;return(B(...));end;local function C(l,r,s,...)local b=l[-806130];local u=l["PCHxw5f"];local c=l['wT37JHvzMo'];local e=l["RQZzHqpanM"];local y=s['\67\70\114\97\109\101'];local f=0;local i=l["RtBB"];return(function(...)local g=({});local x={...};local t='kshtDs3';local B=-810263;local E={};local l=(true);local o="Ut08";local A=(N(m,...)-1);local l=(940995510);local a='bY9iVoRY';local e={};local n=-399353;local u=u[f];local p='sfOsXvmEG';local f=-(1);local l=y and 1 or 0;for l=0,A,l do if(l>=c)then E[l-c]=x[l+1];else e[l]=x[l+1];end;end;local x=A-c+1;repeat local l=u;local c=l[B];u=l[n];if(c<=36)then if(c<=17)then if(c<=8)then if(c<=3)then if(c<=1)then if(c>0)then local n=l[o];local a=l[a];local c=50*(l[t]-1);local o=e[n];local l=0;for a=n+1,a do o[c+l+1]=e[n+(a-n)];l=l+1;end;elseif(c<1)then local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];local d=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=d;e[c]=d[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=(l[a]~=0);l=l[n];e[l[o]][e[l[a]]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c>2)then local c=l[o];local u,r=D(e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a])));f=r+c-1;local r=0;for l=c,f do r=r+1;e[l]=u[r];end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,f));for l=c+1,f do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c]();l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c]();l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];for l=l[o],l[a]do e[l]=(nil);end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];local f=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=f;e[c]=f[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<3)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=5)then if(c>4)then local l=l[o];local o,n=D(e[l](e[l+1]));f=n+l-1;local n=0;for l=l,f do n=n+1;e[l]=o[n];end;elseif(c<5)then e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local i=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=i;e[c]=i[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=(l[a]~=0);l=l[n];local c=l[o];local r,i=D(e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a])));f=i+c-1;local i=0;for l=c,f do i=i+1;e[l]=r[i];end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,f));for l=c+1,f do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c]();l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local i=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=i;e[c]=i[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=(l[a]~=0);l=l[n];local c=l[o];local r,i=D(e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a])));f=i+c-1;local i=0;for l=c,f do i=i+1;e[l]=r[i];end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,f));for l=c+1,f do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c]();l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local i=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=i;e[c]=i[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local r,i=D(e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a])));f=i+c-1;local i=0;for l=c,f do i=i+1;e[l]=r[i];end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,f));for l=c+1,f do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c]();l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];local d=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[d+1]=c;e[d]=c[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=6)then u=l[a];elseif(c>7)then local n=l[o];local o,l=D(e[n](d(e,n+1,l[a])));f=l+n-1;local l=0;for n=n,f do l=l+1;e[n]=o[l];end;elseif(c<8)then local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local d=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[d+1]=c;e[d]=c[e[l[t]]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=12)then if(c<=10)then if(c==9)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]();l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=10)then e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];end;elseif(c==11)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local f=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[f+1]=c;e[f]=c[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];local d=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=d;e[c]=d[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=12)then local n=l[o];e[n]=0+(e[n]);e[n+1]=0+(e[n+1]);e[n+2]=0+(e[n+2]);local o=e[n];local c=e[n+2];if(c>0)then if(o>e[n+1])then u=l[a];else e[n+3]=o;end;elseif(o<e[n+1])then u=l[a];else e[n+3]=o;end;end;elseif(c<=14)then if(c==13)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=14)then local n=l[o];e[n]=e[n](d(e,n+1,l[a]));for l=n+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;end;elseif(c<=15)then local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local d=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[d+1]=c;e[d]=c[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c==16)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local f=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=f;e[c]=f[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];local o=l[o];e[o](d(e,o+1,l[a]));for l=o+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=17)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];local o=l[o];e[o](e[1+o]);for l=o,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=26)then if(c<=21)then if(c<=19)then if(c>18)then local l=l[o];e[l]=e[l](d(e,l+1,f));for l=l+1,f do e[l]=nil;end;elseif(c<19)then local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];local d=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=d;e[c]=d[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c==20)then elseif(c<=21)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]();l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=23)then if(c==22)then e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];elseif(c<=23)then local l=l[o];do return d(e,l,f);end;end;elseif(c<=24)then local n=l[o];e[n](d(e,n+1,l[a]));for l=n+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;elseif(c>25)then local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local d=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[d+1]=c;e[d]=c[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(l[a]);l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<26)then local l=l[o];e[l]=e[l]();end;elseif(c<=31)then if(c<=28)then if(c>27)then if(e[l[o]]==e[l[t]])then u=l[a];end;elseif(c<28)then e[l[o]]=#e[l[a]];end;elseif(c<=29)then local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local d=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[d+1]=c;e[d]=c[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c>30)then e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];elseif(c<31)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];local f=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[f+1]=c;e[f]=c[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];local o=l[o];e[o](d(e,o+1,l[a]));for l=o+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=33)then if(c>32)then local a=l[a];local n=e[a];for l=a+1,l[t]do n=n..e[l];end;e[l[o]]=n;elseif(c<33)then e[l[o]][e[l[a]]]=e[l[t]];end;elseif(c<=34)then e[l[o]]=h(256);elseif(c==35)then e[l[o]]();elseif(c<=36)then for l=l[o],l[a]do e[l]=(nil);end;end;elseif(c<=55)then if(c<=45)then if(c<=40)then if(c<=38)then if(c>37)then local d=b[l[a]];local c=l[p];local n={};local a=Z({},{__index=function(e,l)local l=n[l];return(l[1][l[2]]);end,__newindex=function(o,l,e)local l=n[l];l[1][l[2]]=e;end;});for l=1,l[t],1 do local o=c[l];if(o[0]==0)then n[l-1]=({e,o[1]});else n[l-1]=({r,o[1]});end;g[#g+1]=n;end;e[l[o]]=C(d,a,s);elseif(c<38)then e[l[o]]=h(l[a]);end;elseif(c>39)then local o=l[o];e[o](e[1+o]);for l=o,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<40)then l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=42)then if(c==41)then e[l[o]]=(l[a]~=0);elseif(c<=42)then l=l[n];local a=l[o];f=a+x-1;for l=0,x do e[a+l]=E[l];end;for l=f+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local o=l[o];do return d(e,o,f);end;l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=43)then do return;end;elseif(c==44)then e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]();l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=45)then e[l[o]]=e[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=#e[l[a]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][e[l[t]]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](e[c+1]);for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local f=l[a];local c=e[f];for l=f+1,l[t]do c=c..e[l];end;e[l[o]]=c;l=l[n];local o=l[o];e[o](d(e,o+1,l[a]));for l=o+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=50)then if(c<=47)then if(c>46)then e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];elseif(c<47)then local l=l[o];e[l](e[1+l]);for l=l,i do e[l]=nil;end;end;elseif(c<=48)then local n=l[o];local o=e[l[a]];e[n+1]=o;e[n]=o[e[l[t]]];elseif(c==49)then e[l[o]]=C(b[l[a]],(nil),s);elseif(c<=50)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]();l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=52)then if(c==51)then local l=l[o];e[l]=e[l](e[l+1]);for l=l+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;elseif(c<=52)then local n=l[o];local a={e[n](d(e,n+1,f));};local o=l[t];local l=0;for n=n,o do l=l+1;e[n]=a[l];end;for l=o+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;end;elseif(c<=53)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]();l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c==54)then e[l[o]]=h(l[a]);l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=55)then e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];end;elseif(c<=64)then if(c<=59)then if(c<=57)then if(c==56)then if(not(e[l[o]]))then u=l[a];end;elseif(c<=57)then local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local c=l[o];local d=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=d;e[c]=d[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=l[t];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c==58)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=59)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=61)then if(c==60)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<=61)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=62)then local o=l[o];local c=l[t];local n=o+2;local o=({e[o](e[o+1],e[n]);});for l=1,c do e[n+l]=o[l];end;local o=o[1];if(o)then e[n]=o;u=l[a];end;elseif(c==63)then e[l[o]]=e[l[a]][e[l[t]]];elseif(c<=64)then e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=69)then if(c<=66)then if(c>65)then local n=l[o];local a={e[n](e[n+1]);};local o=l[t];local l=0;for n=n,o do l=l+1;e[n]=a[l];end;for l=o+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;elseif(c<66)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=r[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]();l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=67)then local o=l[o];local n=e[l[a]];e[o+1]=n;e[o]=n[l[t]];elseif(c>68)then if(e[l[o]]~=l[t])then u=l[a];end;elseif(c<69)then local n=l[o];f=n+x-1;for l=0,x do e[n+l]=E[l];end;for l=f+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;end;elseif(c<=71)then if(c==70)then e[l[o]]=l[a];elseif(c<=71)then l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=s[l[a]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=(l[a]~=0);l=l[n];local a=l[o];local r,c=D(e[a](e[a+1]));f=c+a-1;local c=0;for l=a,f do c=c+1;e[l]=r[c];end;l=l[n];local a=l[o];local d={e[a](d(e,a+1,f));};local c=l[t];local o=0;for l=a,c do o=o+1;e[l]=d[o];end;for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];l=l[n];end;elseif(c<=72)then local n=l[o];local c=e[n+2];local o=e[n]+c;e[n]=o;if(c>0)then if(o<=e[n+1])then u=l[a];e[n+3]=o;end;elseif(o>=e[n+1])then u=l[a];e[n+3]=o;end;elseif(c>73)then local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];local f=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[f+1]=c;e[f]=c[l[t]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c]=e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local f=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[f+1]=c;e[f]=c[e[l[t]]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local f=l[o];local c=e[l[a]];e[f+1]=c;e[f]=c[e[l[t]]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local f=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=f;e[c]=f[e[l[t]]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local f=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=f;e[c]=f[e[l[t]]];l=l[n];e[l[o]]=h(256);l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];l=l[n];local c=l[o];e[c](d(e,c+1,l[a]));for l=c+1,i do e[l]=nil;end;l=l[n];e[l[o]]=l[a];l=l[n];local c=l[o];local o=e[l[a]];e[c+1]=o;e[c]=o[e[l[t]]];l=l[n];l=l[n];elseif(c<74)then e[l[o]][l[a]]=e[l[t]];end;until false end);end;return C(H(),{},k())(...);end)(({[(941736337)]=("\117");['maRsy']=((929723116));['p1RIX6DS']=(((246-#("<:waa:820486050937307167>"))));['CofjQU']=("\114");[((983795999-#("perth")))]=((32));[(690500409)]=(((#{(function(...)return 856;end)()}+868774)));CyFox=((1023));[(896098912)]=((87));[(431996105)]=(((32-#("perth falls down stairs 24 7"))));[((#{(function(...)return 315,573;end)()}+584538906))]=(((#{514;989;863;852;}+108)));[(677321364)]=(((#{770;148;}+0)));[((#{44;384;}+68726080))]=(((#{269;987;}+163)));[(359564716)]=(((#{157;249;425;852;(function(...)return 913,904,...;end)(388,724,885,901)}+38654)));[(605905430)]=((484));E0DsM60g0=((3));[(407181485)]=(((793187853-#("Perth please dm me i need someone to talk to im so lonely"))));[(923930864)]=((5340));[(449540236)]=("\101");["SytS0u"]=((133224178));[(336976324)]=((738762028));[(310069583)]=((210));['bAF5pN3H']=(((#{532;709;}+806128)));[(769089921)]=(((#{566;873;124;(function(...)return 899,169,603,...;end)()}+242)));[(779887199)]=(((#{23;213;131;894;}+1598)));["p50cY"]=((86876485));[((73861955-#("Pratham#6969 Was Here!")))]=(((772287896-#("Alt F4 for free robux"))));[((#{771;92;199;(function(...)return 418,318;end)()}+638511287))]=(((3305-#("gggggggggggggggg"))));[(53756532)]=(((449540248-#("Chicken butt"))));[((#{694;917;(function(...)return...;end)(871,270,464,856)}+856239437))]=((1));[((#{739;16;(function(...)return 144,832,633,186;end)()}+179954412))]=(((14-#("pog"))));BVtdZi7=("\120");[((#{241;323;386;170;}+777490384))]=(((27-#("lIlIlIIlIlIlIlIlIlIlIlIlIlI"))));['sEZpzs6W']=("\102");Eg1EV=((318));[((727954906-#("I love kids")))]=((65536));[(957142517)]=(((45-#("Rating fortnite skins ballsacks"))));[(828266771)]=("\98");[(702450367)]=((494));siVhPZJFs0=(((#{907;34;}+20787)));[(645992455)]=((722));[(290696728)]=((101));[((#{}+620383650))]=("\104");[(309216407)]=("\97");[(793187796)]=("\121");[((941097288-#("I am going to anal blast you")))]=(((#{230;290;853;}+798)));[((108067953-#("prezt is gay")))]=((5));yy8yMjBj=(((#{729;449;(function(...)return 724;end)()}+4)));['rHqk3by']=(((#{398;313;814;(function(...)return 379;end)()}+615433353)));[((#{(function(...)return 629,...;end)(571,896,55,125)}+99067397))]=(((#{152;}+333675100)));["lhQlG"]=("\50");[((#{622;(function(...)return 400,253,994,253;end)()}+861967050))]=(((801-#("unable to access memeStrings.txt because it is being used by another process"))));[((754171912-#("Hehe you can try to read this but...")))]=(((#{}+36)));[(545069047)]=((8));[((#{313;632;236;}+897638691))]=("\41");["chp3VvbMae"]=(((#{6;38;171;643;(function(...)return 872,725;end)()}+213949197)));[((#{596;117;710;}+433795914))]=(((#{(function(...)return 777,428,245,889;end)()}+632)));Dz692sxZ=("\115");[((268167328-#("if your mic picked up your fart it probably wasnt a fart")))]=(((#{(function(...)return 294,137,13,308;end)()}+399349)));[((#{634;861;}+895878298))]=((517019562));[((#{590;(function(...)return 333,761,235,289;end)()}+472069644))]=(((88-#("sus"))));[(9485197)]=((810263));[(252531768)]=((16777216));["rZizF"]=("\112");[(451866186)]=((828266771));["EHzT63t5i"]=("\43");[((595020588-#("when the 45gb folder of hentai got corruptes")))]=(((#{106;390;423;(function(...)return 618,703,888,679;end)()}+275)));[(330595485)]=((224));[(198916076)]=((164));["NLv6C"]=("\108");[(490898845)]=((941736337));[((772287899-#("i farted to this discord")))]=("\105");[(333675101)]=("\99");[(214217239)]=((2047));[((#{}+960744044))]=(((#{801;497;}+717110355)));[(47506005)]=((5000));[((133224196-#("buy strawberry hub")))]=("\58");['kkjMBa20A']=((20));[((#{556;594;921;399;(function(...)return...;end)(93)}+786440920))]=((1444));[(576397936)]=((39611));[((#{544;986;77;909;(function(...)return 198,434,864,440,...;end)(394)}+4119436))]=(((#{151;882;963;386;}+98129317)));[(717110357)]=("\111");[((#{780;748;215;876;}+386291136))]=((256));[(217560816)]=(((897638722-#("I am going to anal blast you"))));[(634744558)]=((18685));[(98129321)]=("\110");[((#{92;}+86876484))]=("\103");[(517019562)]=("\51");[(615433357)]=("\109");[(135725528)]=((309216407));['l9pv5N']=(((87-#("hmmmm kfc backdoor website got down"))));[((738762046-#("Ricked Roleld SKID")))]=("\107");[((#{833;63;94;(function(...)return 50;end)()}+213949199))]=("\100");[(681413256)]=(((#{657;723;959;}+18)));[(177065852)]=((31));['zZY3j']=(((46-#("siri user id (875420328128548995) is hot"))));[((929723316-#("Before we continue with running your script that you just skidded off some v3rmillion post, lets talk about our sponsor - Opera GX, the.. best?.. browser of all time, specifically designed for gamers!")))]=("\116");[((#{73;64;177;}+885017335))]=((620383650));[(975994017)]=((90));}),...)})do return l end;

---

# [<](2021-09-10.md) 2021-09-11 [>](2021-09-12.md)

