# [<](2021-11-06.md) 2021-11-07 [>](2021-11-08.md)

2,322,896 events, 1,415,365 push events, 1,905,758 commit messages, 123,423,145 characters


## [martinvonz/jj](https://github.com/martinvonz/jj)@[eba2ce8d60...](https://github.com/martinvonz/jj/commit/eba2ce8d60c22ebe9b90cdaa981f8ba151d9f2b3)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 00:18:43 by Martin von Zweigbergk

conflicts: add a function for parsing a materialized conflict

I initially made the working copy materialize conflicts in its
`check_out()` method. Then I changed it later (exactly a year ago, on
Halloween of 2020, actually) so that the working copy expected
conflicts to already have been materalized, which happens in
`MutableRepo::check_out`().

I think my reasoning then was that the file system cannot represent a
conflict. While it's true that the file system itself doesn't have
information to know whether a file represents a conflict, we can
record that ourselves. We already record whether a file is executable
or not and then preserve that if we're on a file system that isn't
able to record it. It's not that different to do the same for
conflicts if we're on a file system that doesn't understand conflicts
(i.e. all file systems).

The plan is to have the working copy remember whether a file
represents a conflict. When we check if it has changed, we parse the
file, including conflict markers, and recreate the conflict from
it. We should be able to do that losslessly (and we should adjust
formats to make it possible if we find cases where it's not).

Having the working copy preserve conflict states has several
advantages:

 * Because conflicts are not materialized in the working copy, you can
   rebase the conflicted commit and the working copy without causing
   more conflicts (that's currently a UX bug I run into every now and
   then).

 * If you don't change anything in the working copy, it will be
   unchanged compared to its parent, which means we'll automatically
   abandon it if you update away from it.

 * The user can choose to resolve only some of the conflicts in a file
   and squash those in, and it'll work they way you'd hope.

 * It should make it easier to implement support for external merge
   tools (#18) without having them treat the working copy differently.

This patch prepares for that work by adding support for parsing
materialized conflicts.

---
## [sdaoden/s-mailx](https://github.com/sdaoden/s-mailx)@[242a58c9de...](https://github.com/sdaoden/s-mailx/commit/242a58c9deedac25e3506f0ee9dd8586e7c12fd0)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 02:02:57 by Steffen Nurpmeso

Detect and use struct tm::tm_gmtoff (Andrea Biardi)..

Andrea (thanks!) reported to the ML:

  Looking at the source of s-nail, I tracked it all down to a
  naive/incorrect handling of tm->tm_isdst in mkdate() in sendout.c (the
  same logic appears in other places, for example see the comment in
  src/mx/header.c that reads "/* TODO simply adding an hour for ISDST
  is .. buuh */".)

Yeah the issue was known, but i hoped for SU tools.. whatever.

  After a lot of research (and I feel I've become an expert on the
  subject by now!) this is what I've found:

  In 2018, the tzdata maintainers (IANA) corrected a historical mistake
  with the Europe/Dublin timezone. The mistake was rooted in a
  misunderstanding of whether IST meant "Irish Summer Time" or "Irish
  Standard Time".

  The problem was discussed at great length
  (http://mm.icann.org/pipermail/tz/2018-January/thread.html) and it was
  concluded that IST really meant Irish *Standard* Time (in constrast
  with, say, British *Summer* Time), and that this standard time is
  defined as UTC+0100.

  This corresponds to the article at
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_in_the_Republic_of_Ireland and the
  notes at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_time_(clock_lag); the
  source archive of tzdata has a long section dedicated to this problem
  and a large set of official references and links to
  www.irishstatutebook.ie.

  Once the question was settled, the only possible solution for keeping
  the Irish local time in sync with the rest of the world (for example,
  Belfast & London) was for IANA to _reverse_ the functioning of the DST
  flag for Ireland. The result is that in the current IANA timezone
  database (2021e), Europe/Dublin has DST applied in *winter*, with an
  adjustment of -1h (that is, negative).

  Digging deeper, one uncovers that there are a few other countries that
  have (or once had) the same time-switch mechanism as Ireland;
  amongst others, https://github.com/MenoData/Time4J/issues/742 also
  concedes that negative DST is a reality.

  In s-nail, the logic that works out the UTC offset does the right
  thing in my testcase (october 2021, Ireland = UTC+0100), but then upon
  inspecting tm->tm_isdst it sees that DST is in effect (remember,
  flag has been reversed, so DST in Ireland is on in winter time) it adds
  one hour (it should subtract one, because the adjustment is negative).

  That's why I get a +0200 instead of +0000 out of s-nail.

  You may wonder why this problem hasn't been noticed by Irish people in
  the past three years (hey, there's quite an IT industry over here!).

  It turns out that the introduction of a negative DST adjustment caused
  all sorts of bugs back in 2018; in the source distribution of IANA's
  tzdata, one can spot this inside ./europe:

    # In January 2018 we discovered that the negative SAVE values in the
    # Eire rules cause problems with tests for ICU [...] and with tests
    # for OpenJDK [...]
    # To work around this problem, the build procedure can translate the
    # following data into two forms, one with negative SAVE values and the
    # other form with a traditional approximation for Irish timestamps
    # after 1971-10-31 02:00 UTC; although this approximation has tm_isdst
    # flags that are reversed, its UTC offsets are correct and this often
    # suffices.  This source file currently uses only nonnegative SAVE
    # values, but this is intended to change and downstream code should
    # not rely on it.

  So, a temporary hack was put in place in order to allow distro
  maintainers to retain the old broken convention of IST and support
  buggy software, but it is clear that the current (and technically, and
  politically, correct) implementation of a negative DST adjustment for
  Ireland is there to stay.

  As a matter of fact, the distro maintainer can choose to compile
  tzdata to keep buggy software happy ("make DATAFORM=rearguard"),
  which replicates the behaviour of tzdata prior to 2018. Many distros
  seem to be doing that for one reason or another, while some have passed
  the upstream change down to their users (probably, without knowing).

  (also, remember that the IANA tz database is basically the only source
  of tz data and is used globally by pretty much anybody who has a system
  clock; I can see why embedded platforms may not be easy to patch to
  support the negative DST adjustment).

  This explains why I see this problem in Slackware, but not on, for
  example, CentOS (and also why some tools work correctly, and some, like
  s-nail in this case, does not).

  I am in the process of evaluating different approaches to solve this
  bug in a portable way (e.g. without relying on non-standard extensions
  like tm->tm_gmtoff, strftime's "%z" or timelocal()/gmtime()).

---
## [MartyStarkiller/FunnyDatingSim](https://github.com/MartyStarkiller/FunnyDatingSim)@[4dc8606558...](https://github.com/MartyStarkiller/FunnyDatingSim/commit/4dc8606558199168c61e6f3ab5047f47907740c1)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 02:56:15 by Marty Starkiller

Oh yeah the gurl is actually there now and has a gud face, and she has actual emotions too and can switch between them like regular humans...   ...actually should I write these commit messages darker like if I were an actual evil scientist?

---
## [arkenfox/user.js](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js)@[f8932dced1...](https://github.com/arkenfox/user.js/commit/f8932dced142ec5ea633bfb163bfc7579ac38a07)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 06:48:46 by Thorin-Oakenpants

remove ambiguous line

The point was that google have said (stated in policy, but fuck knows where that is located these days) that it is anonymized and not used for tracking. It's an API used by **_4 billion devices_** - the API has privacy policies for use. If a whistleblower or someone else found out that google was using this to enhance their user profiling, then all hell would break loose. And they don't even need this to fuel their ad revenue. It is provided, gratis, to the web to help ensure security - they wouldn't dare taint it and get it caught up in a privacy scandal involving **+4 billion devices_**. And in all this time (since 2007), there has been no such whistleblower or proof it is used to track or announcements by google of changes to the contrary.

Anyway, a quick search brings up
- Here is their policy - https://www.google.com/intl/en_us/privacy/browsing.html - it's empty and points to
- https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/privacy/
   - and if you scroll down to "Safe Browsing practices" it doesn't say anything about privacy policies for the API itself (or the owner of the API) - it just spells out what happens in chrome
- I'm not going to bother to look any further and find a history of policy changes

Anyway, this is Firefox and hashes are part hashes bundled with other real hashes - and we turned off real time binary checks. So this line can fuck the fuck off. It was meant to reassure those who want the security of real-time binary checks, that privacy "shouldn't" be an issue, but I'm not going to expand on it

---
## [blueYOSHI9000/MarioPartyOverlay](https://github.com/blueYOSHI9000/MarioPartyOverlay)@[2661377c9a...](https://github.com/blueYOSHI9000/MarioPartyOverlay/commit/2661377c9acabce65efa6637f4a7d2dd12ab8ba9)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 08:55:15 by blueYOSHI

FORM SUPPORT! IT HAS ARRIVED!!

Code-cleanup: Added 'form' support for input-fields. This has been in the works for nearly a entire month. That said, most of that time was spent crying in a corner with a notepad and a pen next to me.
    > This allows you to connect multiple input-fields into a single 'form'. Kinda like how when you fill out a paper it includes Name, Surname, Address, etc all in a single form.
Code-cleanup: Input-fields now actually have a value after they've been made (previously the value would just be undefined until the user changed the value to something else)
    > Because of this, radio fields now select the first option on default.
Code-cleanup: Added a 'defaultValue' attribute that specifies what value the input-field should have after being created. If the specified 'defaultValue' is invalid it will be ignored.
Code-cleanup: A lot of the code in 'inputfield_createField()' has been moved to 'inputfield_FieldObject()' to avoid repeats.
    > The two functions serve a different purpose now. 'inputfield_createField()' only creates the HTML side of the input-field while 'inputfield_FieldObject()' does basically everything else.
Code-cleanup/Fixed: Input-fields now run completely over HTML 'onchange'/'onclick' attributes instead of manually recreating it using event-listeners. This fixes input-fields not updating when changed through keyboard only and generally behaving weird sometimes.
Code-cleanup/Fixed: Something about hosts not working as supposed to. Though I honestly forgot what the bug actually was because the fix was made like an eternity ago (even though it was yesterday).

Reading this change-log feels weird when you remember this is a Mario Party related project and not some library for accepting user-input.

---
## [rHermes/adventofcode](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode)@[41e67969ec...](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode/commit/41e67969ec82ca22af13fe4a2341bb21412c47ea)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 09:15:28 by Teodor Spæren

2016 Day 9

Quite quick adaption of the original I would say.

This was a really nice task I think. The clue quickly is to realize that
you don't need to build the string, but rather just the length. This
took me a little bit, but my solution was quickly adoptable to just
couting the length.

I did the right thing and just did it stupid simple, iterating through
the string. In hindsight I should have just kept shortening the string,
to make the indexing a bit easier, because I spent quite some time on
that. But once I got it working it was fast. In the cleanup, I'll
explore this alternative.

The conversion for part two was quite quick, I just needed to pull my
solving step into it's own function. This might be a good habbit to get
into in general?

I wonder what the complexity for this task is? It seems like it could be
O(n), given we only progress over the string ones, but for part two, we
have to parse each substring.

Part one: 00:11:10
Part two: 00:03:27

---
## [rungitringit/metadata](https://github.com/rungitringit/metadata)@[807f268e02...](https://github.com/rungitringit/metadata/commit/807f268e02b61ba5485723d1011a0d2ec50ddf95)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 09:43:55 by rungitringit

Add OISD Basic list

OISD has a basic list which is lighter weight than the full (normal) list.
"The Basic list is a smaller, less comprehensive variant of the full list, which focussus mainly on Ads, (Mobile) App Ads"

In my experience the OISD full list can have annoying false positives, regardless of what the author says.  I feel his comments are only designed to have more people report the false positives to him but I'm afraid we don't all have time to keep doing that.

Either way, could this list please be added as an alternative option?

Thank you

---
## [prototype99/coffee-compiler](https://github.com/prototype99/coffee-compiler)@[663640083d...](https://github.com/prototype99/coffee-compiler/commit/663640083d2e56ccf2856492a1a19131fae5f716)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 15:20:18 by seirra blake

you know what? fuck you

*unstatics your functions*

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[1d5fd8e70a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/1d5fd8e70a8d7fb92e806033fc7473e3834a8d9c)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 20:13:48 by Marko Grdinić

"11am. Let me chill first. I guess I'll put in some overtime today as well.

11:25am. Let me have breakfast here. I'll do it all in a single session today. No need to do it for an hour only to stop afterwards.

12:20pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me read the latest Rebuild World chapters and I'll start the day with some shading tutorials.

12:40pm. Let me finally start. I am going to up my drawing skills again today. WHere was I?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O40KGoCmpNA
THE BEGINNER'S GUIDE TO DIGITAL ART (from an art teacher)

Yeah, I need a intro to digital art. In these tutorials I've started yesterday they use paper and pencil while I need some basic tablet techniques. I want to know how pro artists do things like shading. I tried the thing where I tilt the pen at an angle, but the difference is so slight that it is barely noticeable. I am not sure that is the way to shade. At first I thought my basic Deco tablet didn't even support tilt.

https://youtu.be/O40KGoCmpNA?t=783

Ugh, he is recommending I try drawing circles with one line.

https://youtu.be/O40KGoCmpNA?t=804

Ah damn, that is rough. This would take real skill.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ClipStudio/comments/8xurrd/other_hotkey_for_changing_brush_size_other_than/
> Ctrl+Alt Left-click drag to change brush size.

Oh this is nice. I've been looking for this.

https://youtu.be/O40KGoCmpNA?t=988

I am going to have to figure out how to do this selection in CSP instead of Photoshop. I really need a digital art course. The Pnp courses have a lot of what I need, but I do need some tips for how to use these programs properly. Then I can go to the Pnp courses and follow them along.

1:30pm. https://youtu.be/O40KGoCmpNA?t=1133

This is relevant to my interest. He is recommending I find a soft brush and use that for all my shading needs.

https://youtu.be/Rhmhr8eYoqQ
HOW TO PAINT PORTRAITS LIKE A BOSS

Let me just watch this and then I'll look up some CSP tutorials. The funny face at the start of this video got me.

2:10pm. Had to take a break. Let me finally look up CSP tuts.

2:25pm. That CSP shading tutorial is boring me to death. Forget it.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=clip+studio+paint

Whatever. Let me go through all of these in turn.

https://youtu.be/Zp4KDLMsQcY
How to Use CLIP STUDIO PAINT - Digital Art Tutorial for BEGINNERS (step by step)

Let me take a look at this.

2:40pm. https://youtu.be/Zp4KDLMsQcY?t=434

Let me pause this here for a bit. Right now I am getting irritated at the low progress I am making on figuring out how to shade with a tablet.

https://youtu.be/8zH0Ie9T8O8
How to Color Digital Art with a Drawing Tablet

Too short, does not cover how I can immitate those pencil shading techniques.

https://youtu.be/NOzqWyX0xyo
The Rules of Digital Shading

Let me watch this.

While I am watching this stuff, let me post a question on /ic/ how to do pencil shading, because I am starting to sense these vids are not going to get me what I want.

2:50pm. https://youtu.be/OezMavBqWXc?list=PLDcVY7tIUDzsNR5AjIzqyiN2P85TKAWvb&t=425

Maybe I should try blending. I have no idea.

3:05pm. I tried extracting the screenshot before changing my mind and just putting the Youtube link.

Now let me watch. I'll get an answer by the end of it hopefully.

3:10pm. https://youtu.be/NOzqWyX0xyo?t=423

I do not understand the way the light works at all here. Is it falling from both sides? It is definitely falling from behind, but why is above the nose and the leftside side of his face lighter than the right side?

https://youtu.be/NOzqWyX0xyo?t=568

He is recommending to stay away from the soft brush, this is the opposite of What Aaron recommended.

https://youtu.be/NOzqWyX0xyo?t=725

His advice is pretty good. And it amazing how the crappy line art comes alive with proper shading. I've been underestimating shading by a lot.

3:25pm. > you can def pencil shade on CSP, try to fiddle around with settings until you find something comfortable.

I got this reply.

Ok, I'll take it to heart and try it a bit harder with the pencil tool.

https://youtu.be/Zp4KDLMsQcY?t=435
How to Use CLIP STUDIO PAINT - Digital Art Tutorial for BEGINNERS (step by step)

Let me just go through the basic CSP tutorial.

One thing that does not seem to be working for me is the align canvas command.

3:30pm. I haven't figured it out, but holding shift while rotating snaps it to increments. That will be useful.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ClipStudio/comments/a6n253/how_do_you_remove_nodes_when_doing_brush_settings/
> Drag the node outside the graph.

3:55pm. Ok, I am getting the hang of how to do the brush settings. I need a sharp cutoff in the first quarter.

4:05pm. A sharp falloff in the middle like for the softsign function works best. Ok, I have the tilt down. It should be doable like this.

To think it took me half a day to realize that I just needed to set the brush properly.

Now I can follow the pencil shading stuff. Let me finish the CSP tutorial and then I'll start going through the basic drawing ones.

What is the move tool so confusing? I select something and it is moving something else which is what I had selected previously.

I must have done something previously to make the the stuff I am selecting not objects. Nevermind this for now.

Ah, for some reason I created a bunch of different layers by accident. No wonder it refuses to move things. I'll figure out how I did that later.

4:55pm. Had to take a break. Let me resume.

5:10pm. Done with the basic CSP tutorial. Now let me finally practice drawing. Just how did I waste so much time today, I have no idea. I was bored throughout, but now I should know the basics.

5:15pm. https://youtu.be/nNjlCnWUqzM?list=PLDcVY7tIUDzsNR5AjIzqyiN2P85TKAWvb&t=108

Let me pause here and I will try drawing this.

5:55pm. Had to leave for lunch. Let me continue the sketch.

6:10pm. I managed to get the outline of the watering can. For making small curves, it really helps to zoom in and make them bigger.

Let me pause the LoboCorp OST and watch how Priestley does it. No doubt my will be bad. I think I got the proportions on the handles wrong slightly.

This is so annoying. I really should be sketching this stuff out using Bezier curves instead of trying to scribble things into shape myself.

https://youtu.be/nNjlCnWUqzM?list=PLDcVY7tIUDzsNR5AjIzqyiN2P85TKAWvb&t=244

This annoys me so much. I really need to figure out how to do these kinds of measurements myself.

https://youtu.be/TWlX5FqB7Ho?t=1
[Clip Studio] How to Use Rulers

Let me figure out how to use rulers.

This is something that would have been useful on Blender as well. Using actual curves instead of cribling lines and using rulers to get the proportions nailed would be a definite easy increase to my art ability.

6:30pm. > Cheap tablets has max tilt around 60 deg (much less than RL pencil) so it's better to learn how to hold pen vertically. CSP brushes can be adjusted with curves as you want. Or use lessons from digitalists if your goal is to draw digitally.

https://boards.4chan.org/ic/thread/5722659#p5722659

Got some more advice in that thread as well as the pen settings. Actually, I never found digital art tutorials of the sort I am looking for but maybe I just wasn't looking for it properly.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=digital+drawing

Hmmm...

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=digital+line+art

There isn't really a complete series of the kind I've found with pen and paper, but there is a bunch of line art stuff. Nevermind that for now. Rulers! I need to master them. Let me pause the drawing tutorial so I can do it a bit better.

If everything is really made up of basic shapes that is even more of an endorsement of vector art. I'll definitely master that style at some point.

https://youtu.be/TWlX5FqB7Ho?t=530

Oh so here are the measurements.

And as I zoom in, they get more detailed. Yes, this will be quite useful for studying proportions.

https://youtu.be/TWlX5FqB7Ho?t=1184

Interesting. This could have some use.

7:15pm. https://youtu.be/TWlX5FqB7Ho?t=1640

This is going to be useful.

7:20pm. Nevermind actually using this for the can. It does not matter at the moment as I already did the shape.

https://youtu.be/nNjlCnWUqzM?list=PLDcVY7tIUDzsNR5AjIzqyiN2P85TKAWvb&t=246

Let me finish this, only 2m more are left.

https://youtu.be/nNjlCnWUqzM?list=PLDcVY7tIUDzsNR5AjIzqyiN2P85TKAWvb&t=362

It is not too big of a deal. In order to make the can come alive I should try shading it. Let me undertake this challenge. Though I really want to stop for the day at this point, let me do a bit more.

7:40pm. No, I strenghtened the edges. That is precisely the opposite of what I need to have smooth transitions.

8:10pm. Wow, I am impressed. I put all the techniques that I've learned to good use, and now a part of the can looks really natural. I thought shading would be a problem, but what I do not hve in tilt, I certainly have in brush size. I did the main shadows on the body of the can in just a couple of strokes. No way could I do that in real life.

The real pencil when you look close acts a bit like an airbrush. It is nothing like a pen.

The eraser is really useful as Ganev suggested for cutting off edges. I am also using it to do those highlights. Let me just do the bottom of the can and than I will call it a day. Tomorrow I'll add the flats and do the rest.

With digital art I can do things that would not be possible with traditional art. Using the eraser would make such a mess of my room. Really, if you think of everything that I can do with digital, this 100$ tablet is saving me a whole atelier.

8:50pm. Let me stop here. I did a bit of overtime to make up for getting up late. This is actually pretty fun. Making crappy doddles wouldn't interest me, but now I am getting results far beyond my expectation. This watering can is my single greatest piece of 2d art ever.

I have no idea why they haven't taught us proper technique in school. This is something I could have mastered back then.

9:05pm. Well, better late than never. Let me close here for the day. The most important thing is to get into it. I was pretty sleepy while watching those videos, but now that I am doing drawing I am actually as focused as when doing programming. It was the same for 3d modeling. I am yet to try anything serious with the pen, I can only look forward to it.

As long as my talent is active during practice, it is inevitable that I will get good at drawing. And it very much has been so far."

---
## [amaice/amaice.github.io](https://github.com/amaice/amaice.github.io)@[ca22194ac1...](https://github.com/amaice/amaice.github.io/commit/ca22194ac1aced1ac23acdc963b81ca704005960)
#### Sunday 2021-11-07 23:25:21 by amaice

update 1.4.3

since i patched 1.4.3 it should be 1.4.4 but fuck you

---

# [<](2021-11-06.md) 2021-11-07 [>](2021-11-08.md)

