# [<](2021-06-12.md) 2021-06-13 [>](2021-06-14.md)

2,037,886 events, 1,198,145 push events, 1,747,254 commit messages, 104,197,953 characters


## [freebsd/freebsd-ports@4ea20bee50...](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd-ports/commit/4ea20bee50630eb895f1e50c59cc71d2c04fe5e4)
##### 2021-06-13 06:40:22 by Tobias C. Berner

x11/plasma5-plasma: Update KDE Plasma Desktop to 5.22

Plasma 5.22 is here, and it is more reliable and stable than ever. By
cleaning up and refactoring code in the background, the Plasma desktop
gives you greater responsiveness and performance, helping you become
even more productive without hiccups or surprises. Enjoy a smoother
experience with KDE’s Plasma 5.22 desktop.

Plasma 5.22 has become more pleasurable to use through improvements to
the design and greater smoothness and consistency in transparencies,
blurs, icons, and animations. Moving things to accessible locations,
offering hints and visual cues, and creating new settings allows you to
customize your work environment to make it fit perfectly to your needs.
Following the true KDE spirit, the push for a more stable and attractive
desktop does not mean you have to renounce control over how you want it
to look or behave. Plasma 5.22, as always, packs all the flexibility and
tools for customization you have come to expect and love, and some more
to boot.

Meanwhile, the push to move Plasma in its entirety to Wayland (the
display protocol of the future) continues in full swing. So much so that
popular distros are starting to ship Plasma with Wayland by default. By
using Wayland behind the scenes, Plasma is able to include features and
bug fixes not possible to implement on X11, offering you a better
experience and more stability.

Full announcement and changelog:
	https://kde.org/announcements/plasma/5/5.22.0/

---
## [tdauth/wowtsr@e8a649725e...](https://github.com/tdauth/wowtsr/commit/e8a649725e749abebeff910111935d12f29b0abd)
##### 2021-06-13 09:33:45 by barade

Improvements

- Demigod heroes gain XP bonus from tiers.
- Drop Maghteridon's Heart from killed heroes.
- Reduce life regeneration from 20 % to 10 % for the quest reward item of Night Elf quest 2.
- Turn global distribution of hero XP on.
- Add tiny town hall items to Warlords in the beginning.
- Translate tooltips of Death and Decay into English.
- Reduce the percentage of Death and Decay.
- Do not reduce the cooldown for Avatar for higher levels.
- Cold Arrows has 12 levels now instead of 3.
- Fix the tooltips of Unholy Spirits.
- Increase the cooldown of Impale with each level to avoid permanent hero stuns.
- Increase the cooldown of Hex with each level to avoid permanent hero hex.
- Do not create profession items for AI.
- Increase the boss unit levels to prevent AI from attacking them as creep camps.

---
## [KubeJS-Mods/KubeJS@a06be8afb9...](https://github.com/KubeJS-Mods/KubeJS/commit/a06be8afb9b8d92ab886fd815ed1201f36715769)
##### 2021-06-13 17:37:40 by Max

Hey Lat, I fixed your fucking Codecs

(aka Better Worldgen Part IT ACTUALLY WORKS I LOVE MY LIFE)

---
## [dreibh/wireshark@dc7f0b88bb...](https://github.com/dreibh/wireshark/commit/dc7f0b88bba0c703d9c802b153e145dc6b3dc549)
##### 2021-06-13 18:08:46 by João Valverde

Refactor our logging and extend the wslog API

Experience has shown that:

  1. The current logging methods are not very reliable or practical.
A logging bitmask makes little sense as the user-facing interface (who
would want debug but not crtical messages for example?); it's
computer-friendly and user-unfriendly. More importantly the console
log level preference is initialized too late in the startup process
to be used for the logging subsystem and that fact raises a number
of annoying and hard-to-fix usability issues.

  2. Coding around G_MESSAGES_DEBUG to comply with our log level mask
and not clobber the user's settings or not create unexpected log misses
is unworkable and generally follows the principle of most surprise.
The fact that G_MESSAGES_DEBUG="all" can leak to other programs using
GLib is also annoying.

  3. The non-structured GLib logging API is very opinionated and lacks
configurability beyond replacing the log handler.

  4. Windows GUI has some special code to attach to a console,
but it would be nice to abstract away the rest under a single
interface.

  5. Using this logger seems to be noticeably faster.

Deprecate the console log level preference and extend our API to
implement a log handler in wsutil/wslog.h to provide easy-to-use,
flexible and dependable logging during all execution phases.

Log levels have a hierarchy, from most verbose to least verbose
(debug to error). When a given level is set everything above that
is also enabled.

The log level can be set with an environment variable or a command
line option (parsed as soon as possible but still later than the
environment). The default log level is "message".

Dissector logging is not included because it is not clear what log
domain they should use. An explosion to thousands of domains is
not desirable and putting everything in a single domain is probably
too coarse and noisy. For now I think it makes sense to let them do
their own thing using g_log_default_handler() and continue using the
G_MESSAGES_DEBUG mechanism with specific domains for each individual
dissector.

In the future a mechanism may be added to selectively enable these
domains at runtime while trying to avoid the problems introduced
by G_MESSAGES_DEBUG.

---
## [AndreTeixeira1998/Cockatrice@ebe2c494aa...](https://github.com/AndreTeixeira1998/Cockatrice/commit/ebe2c494aa4c92f2ed64f94c1ef6df05e63deafd)
##### 2021-06-13 18:46:02 by ebbit1q

remove the stop dump zone command from the protocol (#4326)

the stop dump zone command was implemented as a courtesy to other
players in order to take into account when they would stop looking at
unknown information

however, this can be abused, a malicious client can send this command
whenever they would like

cockatrice is not a physical tabletop nor does it aim to be, if you can
take a screenshot of your deck and then close the view, you are not
cheating as you have been given this information

in order to prevent anyone from abusing this we should remove the
command from the protocol, this means servers will ignore this message
and clients will get a little invalid command reply in their debug log

the extension id will remain reserved

shuffling your deck will always invalidate any card view looking at
those cards

if players wish to signal that they stopped looking at their deck for
whatever reason they should just use the chat instead, optionally using
one of the chat macros

---
## [grigzag/contributor_covenant@74f193fab0...](https://github.com/grigzag/contributor_covenant/commit/74f193fab0a6901dabeb538e6f57c556533009f2)
##### 2021-06-13 20:58:30 by grigzag

A universal approach to end all discrimination

Hi,

I recently learned that the new version of Contributor Covenant is under development. I really like Covenant and all the ideas behind it. Might I make a suggestion? I reworded things a bit and added more protected classes. Here's my version of the first two paragraphs:

“We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment and discrimination-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, health, national, ethnic or social origin, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, language, profession, citizenship, immigration status, origin, place of birth or residence, property or socio-economic status, criminal records, marital status, family status, pregnancy, nationality, personal appearance, race, caste, color, religion or belief, sexual identity and orientation, political or other opinions, social identity, membership in a social group, or any characteristics other than that of individual merit.

We pledge to act and interact in ways that do not contribute to systemic biases, but instead contribute to an open, welcoming, diverse, inclusive, and healthy community.”

Why do I think it's important? In my opinion the current Covenant is leaving way too much space for discrimination. For example, people with health or mental health issues are still stigmatized, a lot of those with criminal records are PoC, and not only they are stigmatized, they're also often denied basic rights. Another group experiencing prejudice are immigrants. They are being discriminated against just because of their origin or accent or because they come from a different culture.

I know the list is long, that’s why I added “social identity” and “membership in a social group.” This encompasses everyone who belongs to any stigmatized group. I think the list can be shortened if these two protected classes remain.

On merit. You hear it often from the proponents of meritocracy, how nothing but the code itself should matter. And I agree with them. Person’s gender, race, sexuality, etc. should not be a deciding factor on whether or not they can be a member of the community. Basically what it says is that you can’t discriminate against a person for any reasons other than their professional behavior or quality of their work. I think no proponent of meritocracy will be able to argue with that.

And finally, I think it’s very important to acknowledge and fight systemic biases. These biases are very pervasive and I believe we all should do our best to end them. 

Generally speaking, discrimination can be based on reasons that are arbitrary and superficial (unrelated to job and professionalism), stigmatizing (demeaning or subordinating
based on identity), stereotyping (making assumptions about roles and competences based on group status) or reasons that are rooted in systemic biases (i.e. reasons that contribute to inequality, social segregation and hierarchy, or limit the opportunities of affected individuals) [see Jessica A. Clarke, Against Immutability, 125 Yale L. J. 2, 2015]. Instead of trying to list every protected class (which I kinda did), we can focus on the reasons behind discrimination, and try to prohibit them. For example, a sex worker, although not listed, is still a protected class because discriminating them falls under “membership in a social group” (sex workers are a stigmatized group), “contributing to systemic bias” (often sex workers are denied equal opportunities and mistreated) and “merit” (sex work is unrelated to their ability to code).

You might think that my proposal is way too radical. And that’s ok. My goal here is to give you some suggestions and start a conversation.

I really hope this will be somewhat useful.

---
## [sahajsinghsachdeva/FnCMart@a6f84ac1a5...](https://github.com/sahajsinghsachdeva/FnCMart/commit/a6f84ac1a5a7d268f2a50a2fabbaa5cd23ba5282)
##### 2021-06-13 23:33:35 by sahajsinghsachdeva

Love you code!! Don't be like Jerry, I cant run behind you for fixing your fucking shit. Footer

---

# [<](2021-06-12.md) 2021-06-13 [>](2021-06-14.md)

