# [<](2021-11-29.md) 2021-11-30 [>](2021-12-01.md)

3,580,556 events, 1,871,086 push events, 2,832,409 commit messages, 218,323,160 characters


## [anarchitech/muforth-anarchitech](https://github.com/anarchitech/muforth-anarchitech)@[f19523f2ef...](https://github.com/anarchitech/muforth-anarchitech/commit/f19523f2ef3c300256ad7c4ae83ac35ecab3b6ab)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 02:37:49 by Ubik Anarchitech

Change the name again. b0g25 maps more sensibly to the register name.

     : init-b0g25 5 IO_BANK0_GPIO25_CTRL ! ;

The register names of the Pico are just a ridiculous hot mess as it
is ... but as always we're keeping them (the lua equates rendered from RPi's
svd file) because we want as close a mapping as possible to the canonical
documentation. (In the past we've used a word, aka, to rename words/registers
etc when confronted by extremely silly or outright bad vendor naming choices.)

Segue: I suppose if you're just using micropython to whack on the pico and
blink some lights, the documentation seems fine; after all, it's as much of a
manual for their SDK as it is a datasheet.

But:

     from machine import Pin
     led = Pin(25, Pin.OUT)

     led.toggle()

doesn't teach you much of anything except how to type the above.  It certainly doesn't
teach you a damn thing about what's going on under the hood, and if you're working
with hardware the last thing you need are super high-level hand-wavey abstractions.

	modified:   pico-testing.mu4

---
## [ameza2/CS-425-Captsone-PLUSH](https://github.com/ameza2/CS-425-Captsone-PLUSH)@[08b529e221...](https://github.com/ameza2/CS-425-Captsone-PLUSH/commit/08b529e2215019e4c6808eec027618f047887d0f)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 04:00:10 by Abraham Meza

Update Tinker_PLUSH.ino

Today, I implemented the following:

- Volume Sensitivity Dial that displays Volume Level on LCD when changed.
- Arduino Music Library (Temp Song: Mario Theme)
    - Currently the music library is being stored in a separate Arduino to minimize button delays. Right now, the music feature is programmed to send frequency beeps and uses delays to ensure proper pauses between notes to make a cohesive tune. If the music library was included in the original Arduino, then there would be too much delay, affecting button processing and not updating the LCD properly
- Music Toggle Feature (kinda)

Issues I’m having:

- If you press the music button, the music is turned on. If you press it again, it may or may not turn off (inconsistent). I’m having trouble thinking about a way to continuously check for a button toggle while also playing musical notes w/ delays because if a user pressed the button during a delay, the button press is ignored :((. Please help.
- I’m also having trouble figuring out how to implement volume levels into the speaker. I can easily do it with a potentiometer; however, if I use a potentiometer to configure beeper volume, then it won’t have a way to print to the LCD, and vice-versa. So how do I get the same potentiometer to configure volume sensitivity on the speaker, and also display volume sensitivity to the LCD. Please also help.
Pushing new changes soon.

---
## [dreamnajababy/ideas](https://github.com/dreamnajababy/ideas)@[1a4186361c...](https://github.com/dreamnajababy/ideas/commit/1a4186361cfc4b54c1d3648ed141f21d14c84f21)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 08:29:02 by dreamnajababy

Merge branch 'no-ff'
I want you to ruin my life, fucked all my night yeah.

---
## [T-J-Teru/binutils-gdb](https://github.com/T-J-Teru/binutils-gdb)@[13005a8f31...](https://github.com/T-J-Teru/binutils-gdb/commit/13005a8f31b5151d3f1fcc55b144ef00d702fc79)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 11:43:30 by Andrew Burgess

gdb/python: handle non utf-8 characters when source highlighting

This commit adds support for non utf-8 characters within source files
when performing source styling using the Python pygments package.
This does not change the behaviour of GDB when the GNU Source
Highlight library is used.

For the following problem description, assume that either GDB is built
without GNU Source Highlight support, of that this has been disabled
using 'maintenance set gnu-source-highlight enabled off'.

The initial problem reported was that a source file containing non
utf-8 characters would cause GDB to print a Python exception, and then
display the source without styling, e.g.:

  Python Exception <class 'UnicodeDecodeError'>: 'utf-8' codec can't decode byte 0xc0 in position 142: invalid start byte
  /* Source code here, without styling...  */

Further, as the user steps through different source files, each time
the problematic source file was evicted from the source cache, and
then later reloaded, the exception would be printed again.

Finally, this problem is only present when using Python 3, this issue
is not present for Python 2.

What makes this especially frustrating is that GDB can clearly print
the source file contents, they're right there... so why is there an
error when we try to apply styling?

The problem is the use of PyString_FromString (which is an alias for
PyUnicode_FromString in Python 3), this function converts a C string
into a either a Unicode object (Py3) or a str object (Py2).  For
Python 2 there is no unicode encoding performed during this function
call, but for Python 3 the input is assumed to be a uft-8 encoding
string for the purpose of the conversion.  And here of course, is the
problem, if the source file contains non utf-8 characters, then it
should not be treated as utf-8, but that's what we do, and that's why
we get an error.

My first thought when looking at this was to spot when the
PyString_FromString call failed with a UnicodeDecodeError and silently
ignore the error.  This would mean that GDB would print the source
without styling, but would also avoid the annoying exception message.

However, I also make use of `pygmentize`, a command line wrapper
around the Python pygments module, which I use to apply syntax
highlighting in the output of `less`.  And this command line wrapper
is quite happy to syntax highlight my source file that contains non
utf-8 characters, so it feels like the problem should be solvable.

It turns out that inside the pygments module there is already support
for guessing the encoding of the incoming file content, if the
incoming content is not already a Unicode string.  This is what
happens for Python 2 where the incoming content is of `str` type.

We could try and make GDB smarter when it comes to converting C
strings into Python Unicode objects; this would probably require us to
just try a couple of different encoding schemes rather than just
giving up after utf-8.

However, I figure, why bother?  The pygments module already does this
for us, and the colorize API is not part of the documented external
API of GDB.  So, why not just change the colorize API, instead of the
content being a Unicode string (for Python 3), lets just make the
content by a bytes object.  The pygments module can then take
responsibility for guessing the encoding.

This works perfectly, and I now see styled output for my source file
containing non utf-8 characters.

Then I added a DejaGNU test, and .... my test failed.

I wasn't seeing styled source lines when the test was run through
DejaGNU, but I could when I ran the same steps at the console.

The test I was using is the exact one that is included with this
commit, you'll notice I did remember to set the TERM environment
variable to 'ansi' as is done in gdb.base/style.exp, which should be
all that's needed to see the styled output.  The problem then, must be
something in GDB.

It turns out that its the exact same problem that I solved above, but
this time, on the way out of the colorize handler, rather than on the
way in.  Only, interestingly, the problem now effects both Python 2
and Python 3.

The output from pygments is always a Unicode object for both Python 2
and 3.  Once we return from Python code back to gdbpy_colorize in
python.c, we do the following steps:

  if (!gdbpy_is_string (result.get ()))
    return {};

  gdbpy_ref<> unic = python_string_to_unicode (result.get ());
  /* Return if the previous call failed.  */

  gdbpy_ref<> host_str (PyUnicode_AsEncodedString (unic.get (),
						   host_charset (),
						   nullptr));
  /* Return if the previous call failed.  */

For both Python 2 and 3 the gdbpy_is_string check passes.

For both Python 2 and 3 the python_string_to_unicode call just returns
its input, as the string will already by a Unicode object.

Now we know we have a Unicode object we convert the Unicode object
into a bytes object using the host_charset.

After that (not shown above) we convert the bytes object into a C++
std::string, and return this as the result.

The problem is that the host_charset is based on the capabilities of
the output terminal, and, when the tests are run through DejaGNU, with
the current environment, the host_charset becomes 'ANSI_X3.4-1968',
which ends up trying to convert the string using the 'ascii' codec.
This codec only supports 7-bit characters, and so we once again get a
Python exception.

Now I can force the host_charset value to change, if I set LC_ALL to
'en_US.utf-8' (like we currently set TERM) then now the host_charset
will be utf-8, and the test passes.  Maybe that's OK, but I notice
that the gdb.base/style.exp test doesn't need to mess with LC_ALL, and
it manages to style other parts of GDB's output just fine.  So, I want
that please.

The problem then is how GDB tries to convert the Unicode object into a
bytes object.  When I run interactively in a terminal the host_charset
is utf-8, and that's great, we convert the output just right for
display in my terminal.  But in the test situation we need to do
better.

While I was originally looking at the pygments module trying to
understand how it manages to guess the encoding where GDB failed (for
the first problem) I spotted that its logic for guessing basically
comes down to, try utf-8, and if that fails, try latin-1.

So, I wonder, could we use the same approach?  First we try to convert
from Unicode to bytes using host_charset.  If that fails with a
UnicodeEncodeError, then we try again using the latin-1 charset.

Only when both of these attempts fail do we print the exception and
return, allowing GDB to display non styled source code.

With this approach in place, GDB can now style source files containing
non utf-8 characters using the Python pygments module, and we have a
test that confirms this works.

The behaviour in all other (utf-8 only encoded source) cases, should
be unchanged.

---
## [DoomDesign/pfiffige-ziffern-plugin](https://github.com/DoomDesign/pfiffige-ziffern-plugin)@[4b3989f611...](https://github.com/DoomDesign/pfiffige-ziffern-plugin/commit/4b3989f611157fbcf6438b22350e7dfd7997c5d7)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 13:09:59 by Dominik Schlipper

Added new elements to hide forever

Fuck you, Jeff!

---
## [allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit)@[d54bbc087b...](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit/commit/d54bbc087be4b9cb3135717a4829c0d4f0436d4f)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 15:11:44 by Allison Karlitskaya

flatpak: make test slightly less evil

We currently iterate on calls to `gapplication` until they succeed in
order to check if cockpit-client has started yet.  That's not a great
approach: in addition to being ugly, we might inadvertently trigger a
completing activation of the app (if it were DBus-activatable).

Move to using `gdbus wait`, as we should have done from the start.

---
## [malicious233/QuakeUnity](https://github.com/malicious233/QuakeUnity)@[93b7ead9a0...](https://github.com/malicious233/QuakeUnity/commit/93b7ead9a0412cc3c46501f9a30639095d640c86)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 16:24:52 by malicious233

- Added a god damn grappling hook, hell yeah
- Hook as a rope renderer as well

---
## [DeathGOD7/FIFA-3D-Importer-Exporter](https://github.com/DeathGOD7/FIFA-3D-Importer-Exporter)@[284db5fd7f...](https://github.com/DeathGOD7/FIFA-3D-Importer-Exporter/commit/284db5fd7fc714926182b34d5a2717c2eeb07ba6)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 17:17:28 by DeathGOD7

went building sites from scratch fuck yeah , suck on this github pages

---
## [AIStream-Peelout/flow-forecast](https://github.com/AIStream-Peelout/flow-forecast)@[ffec45e5dd...](https://github.com/AIStream-Peelout/flow-forecast/commit/ffec45e5ddc2b58928693cf59d86481ea305c2f1)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 17:46:04 by isaacmg

re add  1

fuck you fucking leaf blowers you lazy ass shits use a rake.

---
## [antikitten/plantpot](https://github.com/antikitten/plantpot)@[e00fd761da...](https://github.com/antikitten/plantpot/commit/e00fd761dac8b78324b2e0b6522b9fa1975ae391)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 18:24:22 by Leaf

Added restoring posts on restart (#3)

antikitten commented now
yeah this code is based, epic, and requires no cahnges how are you such an epic dev? idk but you sure are fucking sick niceeee

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[b2bd510914...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/b2bd5109147e2ba9d392c78dedb8397c458649f5)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 18:31:53 by Marko Grdinić

"10:30am. I got up later today, as usual Ruina is responsible. I'll leave beating Greta for later. Let me chill a bit and then I will start sculpting.

11:15am. Let me resume. Let me watch how Flycat does the ear again.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=640

Let me resume from here.

11:20am. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=756

Immitating this is going to be quite difficult. But I understand the Y shape now. It occurs to me now that I am watching this, but I do not think that Flycat's ear is at a right angle.

11:25am. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=789

I suppose this is a good enough shot. I am going to keep the angle as crooked as it is so it matches Flycat's more since that is what I am trying to do. The first order of business is to fix the outline of my ear. It is semi circular and it needs to be more like a 9. Flycat did not get this wrong.

Before I watched the tutorial by PIXXO 3D I had real trouble breaking the ear down into constituent pieces.

12:10pm. Perfect. Right now the ear looks very good. Not exactly like Flycat's, but enough for my taste. It feels extremely organic now. When I zoom out the derpy barely started face really ruins it though.

But I can be proud of how far I've come in comprehension of sculpting. I have the ear internalized. If I want to sculpt it in the future, I'll have no trouble at all. Now let me save this.

https://www.diegoverger.com/blog/2020/10-improvements-blender-3d-sculpt-mode/

Let me do some tool research. I was wondering about the multiplane scrape. it might be worth looking into.

Multiplane Scrape
This new tool basically sharpens edges between adjacent planes. Blender already has a Scraper knife, but Multiplane works like a V-shape angled chisel in traditional sculpture, with the digital advantage of adapting to any angle. It's quite versatile and could be an alternative option to other tools, such as Crease, if you'd rather avoid pinching the surrounding geometry too much when defining folds, corners or borders. In the Brush Settings panel you can set the angle, and enable a real-time graphic representation of the active angle while you sculpt (Show Cursor Preview). Quite futuristic.

This feels quite useful.

> For instance, if we are about to rotate a character's head, we can apply a mask to the whole model (Mask menu > Fill Mask), and use the Move tool in sculpt mode to move the pivot point to the base of the neck, and then remove the mask from the head only.

This is actually a pretty good tip. It never occured to me to try moving the pivot point like this.

> It can also eliminate other problems like mesh islands, parts of the geometry that have involuntarily ended up isolated.

Simplify can deal with this?

12:25pm. Ok, let me play with multiplane scrape for a bit.

https://twitter.com/pablodp606/status/1190325878078742528

Ah, so this is what it does. I was wondering what the angle was supposed to be. This would actually be great for sculpting sharp corners. Much better that using the viewport with the regular scrape brush.

What is that dynamic mode he is talking about?

12:55pm. Ok, let me stop here. I got the ear done. Now what I have to do is deal with the rest of the face.

2:15pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me chill a bit and I will start. It is time to finish the face.

2:20pm. Ok, focus me. Let me do some art.

2:25pm. It does feel like my motor control is better than it was a few weeks ago.

Trying to do the face would definitely be too tough without a reference. I need to put up the relevant stuff.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=789

This front view is good. How big should the nose be. How much do I need to dig in the eyes? I have no idea.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=624

Let me start from the beginning. It really does not take him long to make the face. I myself am not sure where to begin. Let me just watch it all.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=652

Ah, note how early he adds the eyes. I should dig in the holes and insert them. Then they will serve as the landmarks.

2:50pm. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=786

Sigh, how the hell is anybody supposed to follow this?

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=785

Let me save this angle. I guess just these two angles will be good.

...No I need a sideways view as well.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=648

Here is a sideways view. It is really hard to get one.

3:40pm. SIgh...

I was afraid of this. It would be one thing if I were sketching and painting, but I honestly do not have a good feeling of the sizes of various features. I dug in the eye holes, put in the orbs, carved out the eye lids. The multiplane scrap brush it truly excellent for such a purpose.

But I zoomed out and I see a look of utter despair. So it is a decent bet that I misjued where to place the eyes.

3:50pm. No, no, no, no, no...

If I start mucking around here I'd just make an even bigger mess. Let me watch a hot sculpt the face tutorial. I am trying to immitate Flycat, but as good as he is, who knows how objectively good his actual process is. With practice I could ride a bike with one wheel, but what I really want to learn is how to ride a regular bike.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=face+sculpt

There are a bunch of things here.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywKqnm4icVo
What You Get Wrong About Sculpting Heads

I think I watched this FlippedNormals vid before, but let me watch it again. Then I'll watch a tutorial.

4pm. https://youtu.be/ywKqnm4icVo?t=434
> It is incredibly hard to sculpt this kind of stuff without actually aligning it. At least in the beginning.

They outright recommend I just put up the refs. He says it is not cheating.

4:05pm. Some people are tall because they have really tall legs, but some people are tall because they have really long necks.

4:15pm. He is working on everything else but the head. I was hoping for some PIXXO 3D style tutorial on how to position the various parts.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=face+sculpt+blender

That previous vid was about the neck, which is rather informative, but besides the point right now. Let me continue watchin things. Oh, tomorrow is the PL sub review time.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmseYBfAYAM
Pro Blender Sculptor: 1 h mouse / 1h tablet sculpt

This cought my interest. Let me watch it.

https://youtu.be/gmseYBfAYAM?t=200

This is a really good sideways shot. When I dug in the holes basically I wasn't thinking about anything. Bit it might have been good to consider the angle of the brow and the distance between the it and the eye.

DP has this technique of using the mouse and extruding. I really should internalize it now that I've gotten familiar with dyntopo. Also I need to get familiar with automasking. It would have really helped when working on the toes and and fingers.

https://youtu.be/gmseYBfAYAM?t=363
> So what you can get from this is that the tablet is more enjoyable to sculpt.

This I agree with.

https://youtu.be/gmseYBfAYAM?t=447

The way he addes the eyes here is quite interesting.

https://youtu.be/gmseYBfAYAM?t=733

Ah, I think I understand. The head is round, but the eyes are lying on a flat area. If you look at the arc of the bros, you can see how the flat connects to the curved part where the shadows vanish.

https://youtu.be/gmseYBfAYAM?t=827

This is a good side view.

4:55pm. Let me get rid of the eyes. I find understanding how to position them correct far too confusing. Let me work on defining the nose and the brow.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=789

Now that I think about it, why is there more shadow on the right than on the left side in Flycat's video here? I just noticed that. Don't tell me he has directional lighting on? Damn.

5:15pm. https://youtu.be/gmseYBfAYAM?t=848

Compared to here my eye is huge. Even Flycat's own is like a third of the nose.

5:25pm. Right now I am sketching out the outline where I think the eye should go. At first I made the same mistake as last time I sculpted the head last month where I made the eyes too narrow. I realized just now that I also made the eyes too tall by the same token. How ridiculous. Good think I am taking the time to outline things ahead of time.

Let me take a break here.

If I had experience this would be doing a lot faster. But art is feel, much like programming, and that takes a while to develop. I can only keep going forward, adjusting as I go along. As I go intuition will be born.

5:40pm. Let me resume.

Ah right. I need to narrow the eyes down.

Ah fuck. Let me bring back the reference. When I had OneDrive troubles and copied the blend file, I lost access to it.

6:05pm. I find this so confusing and am going back and forth.

6:25pm. Let me have lunch. I am completely confused.

7:05pm. I am back. I have no idea what is going on here anymore. The eyes on my model are to far to the right, but I can't comprehend how to fix this at all.

Because I can't sense that I got the eye size wrong. Is it too far in front?

7pm. I really should have watched an actual head sculpting tutorial instead of random crap related to it. Now it 7pm and I really do not feel like doing anything else for the day.

What I should do here is watch the retopo video. That will give me a sense for the angles and the lengths.

7:20pm. Not right now. I'll leave it for tomorrow. Let me watch some of the evolutionary RL vid from yesterday.

Agh...did I learn nothing the first time I sculpted the head? I think it was the head for the elf loli by Flycat. Well, I should not blame myself too hard. That was literally the first thing I've ever done and it a miracle that it turned out as well as it did. This time I need to make sure to interalize the features properly.

Right now I am obsessing about it which is good. It seems sculpting is just as challenging as any programming problem.

7:30pm. Let me watch that video for a bit, then I'll bleed Greta, and then who knows what. It was a complete waste of time to spend time building the decks ahead of time. I thought it would be an unbroken boss rush, but the way the Reverb Ensemble is structured is quite permissive. You can repeat each individual level as much as you want and it tells you outright that you won't be able to burn books while doing the reception."

---
## [usingbrain/QRcheckd](https://github.com/usingbrain/QRcheckd)@[440149cf57...](https://github.com/usingbrain/QRcheckd/commit/440149cf57262d2417b182daba318e911c3c51ce)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 19:36:35 by Bartosz

Merge pull request #5 from usingbrain/btosz

I hate my life

---
## [DocRaptor/docraptor-php](https://github.com/DocRaptor/docraptor-php)@[4cdc4ddaf4...](https://github.com/DocRaptor/docraptor-php/commit/4cdc4ddaf45ecb9277abc3ce5a07bb985eeedd15)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 21:20:21 by Matthew Gordon

Use docker for testing

Why is this change needed?
--------------------------
In my previous commit, I updated the PHP version and promised to update the process to ensure the tests were consistently run against specific versions of PHP.

How does it address the issue?
------------------------------
It turned out to be extremely challenging to do this without docker, so I'm doing it with Docker. I thought I could just use asdf because that usually works for other languages, but the maintainers of asdf-php[1] have this to say

> To be honest, supporting a major version other than the latest without any extra work from the user is an endless endeavor that won't ever really work too well. It's not that we don't support them at all, but it's almost impossible for us to support them.

I tried anyway and there was "extra work" involved in the process. Instead of inflicting that extra work on you, let's test specific versions of PHP by downloading Docker images and running the tests inside that context.

That simplifies the setup script quite a bit. Instead of installing the docker images we need during setup, we'll just let docker fetch the images at execution time.

The `script/test` as you previously knew it has been moved to `script/inside_container/test` and is intended to only be executed inside containers with meaningful environments. That leaves `script/test` as a helper that executes the docker command on your behalf.

Any links to any relevant tickets, articles or other resources?
---------------------------------------------------------------
1 - https://github.com/asdf-community/asdf-php

---
## [DocRaptor/docraptor-php](https://github.com/DocRaptor/docraptor-php)@[61247608c8...](https://github.com/DocRaptor/docraptor-php/commit/61247608c8dfc27d66bc5473498697d09ede5419)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 21:20:21 by Matthew Gordon

Release v3.0.0

Why is this change needed?
--------------------------
PHP users want to support for Guzzle 7[1]

How does it address the issue?
------------------------------
OpenApi added support for Guzzle 7 as of OpenApi 5.3.0. At a high level, this commit

- Changes from Swagger to OpenApi
- Regenerates the client using OpenApi 5.3.0
- Adds stronger verification in the tests that generated documents are
  valid and correct

**BIG CAVEAT**: This client has been hand-edited in one important way.

The DocApi functions `getAsyncDoc` and `createDoc` have always
returned the file contents when called. Under OpenApi 5.3.0, the
generated client instead returns an SplFileObject[2]. If you attempt
to write an SplFileObject as if it werre the file contents, you get
something that looks and acts like a blank PDF. That's a very
confusing experience that could easily lead users to believe there are
problems with the service or the agent. There are lots of good reasons
to return an SplFileObject instead of the file contents, but in this
case it doesn't seem worth it. In the best case, it means everyone
that upgrades will need to make at least some changes to their
integration. At worst, it creates a very confusing and frustrating
failure.

If you look at those two functions, you'll see where I've commented
out the generated return and replaced it with the code necessary to
maintain the current behavior. Since I made that change by hand, it
will be destroyed when regenerated. If you're reading this because
you've regenerated the client and the tests are failing, compare the
code in the aforementioned DocApi functions from this commit to your
newly generated code and make the appropriate changes. In this case,
it is one line of fairly simple code. It should not be onerous to copy
or integrate. Or, I guess you could decide SplFileObject is the way to
go. The power is yours!

In other news, here's a high level of groups of change.

> .generator-revision, .openapi-generator-ignore, .openapi-generator

These files are renamed because we switched generators.

> lib/*

Files generated by OpenApi

> script/*

Mechanical changes to support OpenApi instead of Swagger. Things like
flag changes and referencing slightly different files that do
basically the same thing they've always done.

> test/*

Each test that makes a document now also verifies that the document is
a believable size. The real PDFs should be close to 30k. The "blank"
pdf problem I mentioned above generated documents less than 1k. If we
need a more robust test than this, we'll likely need to actually start
decoding the PDF.

Each test also writes the generated document to the local tmp
directory so it's easier to inspect when you think something hinky is
going on.

I also refactored the tests a bit to make it easier to share and
compare code. Hardcoded uses of the test name are replaced with a
variable and the code for writing the generated file to the file
system is now the same across each test.

Any links to any relevant tickets, articles or other resources?
---------------------------------------------------------------
1 - https://github.com/DocRaptor/docraptor-php/pull/24
2 - https://www.php.net/manual/en/class.splfileobject.php

---
## [GPUCode/ps2_emu](https://github.com/GPUCode/ps2_emu)@[c59b0f4f4d...](https://github.com/GPUCode/ps2_emu/commit/c59b0f4f4d4f5b0cbdb9dbb0994db9b71fd11eb6)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 21:36:19 by emufan4568

Introducing the IOP

* So after a week, it's finally here! The initial implementation of the
IOP has been added to the emulator. You might wonder why did it take so
long? This was mostly because I wanted to make the implementation as complete
as possible and also test it to ensure it's bug free. So this is actually
based on the MIPS R3000A interpreter I wrote last year for my PS1 emulator.
So did I just copy the code and call it a day? Hell no, the code in that
ancient project is awful, even if it works. So I completely rewrote the
interpreter by using our modern techiniques of storing state. So rewriting the old
code allowed me to test if it actually worked in that environment
and could boot PSX games.

* Due to this, the implementation is a bit more complete than the EE
as it includes interrupt support. In addition we have to account for
the fact that the IOP runs at 36.864MHz, in constrast to the EE which
clocks at 295MHz. This maps approximatly to an 1/8 ratio, which means
that 1 IOP instruction will run every 8 EE cycles. The current implementation
of this is hacky and a bit inaccurate because some EE instructions
can take more than 1 cycle to execute, but it's good enough for now
(Play! assumes this as well and can boot 40%+ of games).

* Because both the CPU emulators can share a lot of naming conventions,
to avoid confusion each processor has been seperated into a namespace
so we can always know which CPU we are refering to. Finally, for now
reads/writes except for the BIOS and IOP RAM, haven't been implemented
but will come soon.

---
## [spxctreofficial/enhancedcraft](https://github.com/spxctreofficial/enhancedcraft)@[e3c86e307e...](https://github.com/spxctreofficial/enhancedcraft/commit/e3c86e307ea89dd375ae1845d080309d048ef062)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 21:42:18 by spxctreofficial

beta-1.4 RELEASE

(IMPORTANT) Dropping support for 1.16.2 and 1.16.3. You must update to the latest version of Fabric Loader and Fabric API!
(ALSO IMPORTANT) One new feature overwrites an entire method related to the Riptide Enchantment. It is recommended to disable any mods that may make changes to the Riptide Enchantment has it might break both mods.

#### Changes

    <New Stuff>
    - New set: Aecoron (derives from the word "aecor", meaning "ocean" in Latin)
        - Aecoron crafted by smelting Prismarine Shards / Crystals
        - Aecoron Ingots crafted by combining Aecoron and Metal Alloy in a Smithing Table
        - 80% max durability of diamond (1248 for tools, 26 durability multiplier for armor)
        - Armor:
            - Same armor points as diamond.
            - Same toughness as diamond.
            - Same enchantability as iron (9).
            - Repaired with Aecoron Ingots.
            - Aecoron Set Bonus:
                - You swim significantly faster (up to Dolphin's Grace levels)
                - Infinite water breathing when in water.
                - Holding a trident now grants you Strength I.
                - Throwing a trident now deals 14 damage.
                - Riptide Buffs:
                    - Riptide now throws you 2.5 times further and has a faster cooldown.
                    - Riptide now deals 15 damage on impact.
                    - You are INVULNERABLE during riptide.
                    - Launching with Riptide will break your fall.
                    - After launching with Riptide, you swim EVEN FASTER for 5 seconds.
                - Loyalty Buffs:
                    - Loyalty now returns to you 3 times faster.
                - Siren's Rest:
                    - This unique ability allows you to heal and regain hunger by "meditating" underwater.
                    - After meditating, you gain Regeneration I, Resistance I, Speed I, and Absorption X for the next 5 minutes.
                    - You are invulnerable to damage during meditation.
                    - You cannot move during meditation.
        - Tools:
            - Same overall stats as Diamond.
            - Suffer no mining speed penalty when touching water.
        - Trident Mold:
            - Tridents can now be crafted with trident molds.
            - A trident mold will still require an existing trident to be created.
            - A trident mold has three uses before being destroyed.
                - The state of the mold will be displayed as a condition: New, Damaged, and Shattered.
    - New set of tools: Netherrack Tools!
        - Mining level of 1 (same as stone).
        - Mining speed of 3f.
        - Durability of 72.
        - Attacking a player who is lit on fire with a netherrack tool will extend the burning time for 50% longer.
    - New item: fireballs!
        - Fireballs currently have the same texture as Fire Charges.
        - Stackable up to 3!
        - When right-clicked, fireballs will launch a giant ghast fireball that deals 6 damage on direct contact, and explosion damage if not direct.
        - This item/concept was inspired by the Fireball in Hypixel's Bedwars.
        - Crafted by combining fire charges with gunpowder.
    - New item: Smart Pearls!
        - Smart Pearls work just like ender pearls, but have some benefits over normal Ender Pearls!
        - Smart Pearls do not deal damage to the user on teleport.
        - Smart Pearls *does* deal damage to any entities that are hit by the Smart Pearl. Deals 3 damage on impact.
        - Smart Pearls never spawn endermites.
        - Smart Pearls have 1/4 the cooldown compared to normal Ender Pearls.
        - Stackable up to 16.
        - Smart Pearls have a distinct particle when the user teleports, to differentiate it from normal Ender Pearls.
        - Smart Pearls have a unique sound effect when the user teleports, to differentiate it from normal Ender Pearls.
        - This item was inspired by the Smart Pearl in Hypixel's Skywars, but I highly doubt the concept is the same as Hypixel's implementation of this item.
        - Crafted by using ender pearls surrounding a piece of lapis lazuli. Crafted in batches of 2.
    - Added a new food item: Golden Heads (aka G-Heads)!
        - Continuing down the Hypixel copy-train, we have created the Golden Head from Hypixel UHC Meet-ups.
            - Food stats identical to Golden Apple:
                - Regeneration II for 5 seconds
                - Absorption I for 2 minutes.
                - 4 hunger points and 9.6 saturation points restored.
        - Like Hypixel's G-Heads, they are consumed instantly.
        - To prevent from accidently eating multiple G-heads, as well as for the sake of balance, we've put a 3-second delay on repeated-head-eating. ;)
        - They are crafted with golden ingots surrounding a player head, similar to Hypixel's G-Head.
        - Players now have a 50% chance to drop their own head when they die.
    - YEAY
    - NEW ENCHANTMENT: Harvester
        - Harvester is a new enchantment specific to hoes.
            - Harvester increases harvest amount of crops.
                - Beetroot crops now drop 4 to 10 beetroots when harvested.
                - Potato crops now drop an ADDITIONAL 5 to 12 potatoes when harvested. (You're welcome Technoblade)
                - Carrot crops now drop an ADDITIONAL 7 to 15 carrots when harvested.
                - Wheat crops now drops 3 to 7 wheat when harvested.
                - Haybales now have a 50% chance to duplicate themselves when harvested.
        - Harvester can be obtained with an enchantment table with a level-15 enchantment or better.
        - Harvester is mutually exclusive with the Fortune enchantment.
    - Two new advancements in-game!
    
    <Etherium Set Buffs>
     - New item: Godslayer (Etherium Perk)
        - Godslayer perk only works if the user equips a full set of Etherium armor.
        - On use, the user is granted temporary maximum enrage.
        - Cooldown for 45 seconds.
     - New mechanic: Relentless Warrior
        - When you are fully enraged, your sword will disable the opponent's shield and deal 125 durability to your opponent's shield.
        - You disable your opponent's shield for twenty seconds instead of ten, and deal full damage towards your opponent.
    
    <Better Spawning!>
    - Skeletons can now spawn equipped with swords and axes.
    - There are now different types (classes) of zombies!
        - In hard mode, zombies will always spawn with a class, with a 25% chance to spawn with a hard-mode class.
            - These zombies have a lowered chance to drop their hard-mode-only gear (2.5% chance instead of 8.5%).
            - Hard Classes:
                - Furious Zombie:
                    - Netherite Sword with Sharpness 4
                    - Iron Chestplate
                    - Strength III
                - Berserker Zombie:
                    - Iron Axe with Sharpness 5
                    - Diamond Helmet and Iron Chestplate
                - Scout Zombie:
                    - Speed IV
                    - Always able to pick up loot
                - Tank Zombie:
                    - Enchanted Diamond Sword with Sharpness I - IV
                    - 3/4 Diamond Set (diamond helmet is excluded)
                    - Shield with Unbreaking III (cosmetic only)
                    - Resistance I
        - In normal mode, zombies will have a 50% chance of spawning with a normal zombie class.
            - Normal Classes:
                - Warrior Zombies:
                    - Warrior Zombie ~
                        - Iron Helmet and Chestplate
                        - Stone Sword
                    - Weak Warrior Zombie ~
                        - Leather Helmet
                        - Wooden Sword
                - Sword Zombies:
                    - Weak ~ Golden Sword
                    - Simple ~ Bronze Sword
                    - Generic ~ Iron Sword
                    - Strong ~ Alloy Sword
                - Shovel Zombies:
                    - Generic ~ Iron Shovel
                - Axe Zombies:
                    - Simple ~ Bronze Axe
                    - Generic ~ Iron Axe
                - Nitwit Zombie:
                    - Metal Alloy in off-hand
        - In easy mode, the chances of spawning with a weapon is the same as vanilla.
        - The point of this change was to make normal zombies a more annoying-to-deal-with mob, than just a mere punching bag. Now, you're forced to deal with large groups of zombies with more skill required, than just slaying them in one hit with your smite 5 netherite sword.
        
    <Quality Of Life Changes>
    - Minecarts and rails can now be created with bronze ingots instead of iron ingots.
    
    <Fixes>
    - Fixed shields not being able to be crafted with metal alloy.
    - Etherium armor now has a unique equip sound effect and a unique set bonus activation sound effect.
    - Etherium sword retextured.
    - Removed irrelevant recipes JSONs.
    
    
    <Easter Egg?>
    - A easter egg ;)
    
    <Technical Stuff>
        - Maven publication has been officially removed since no one uses it anyways and it's kind of redundant.
        - ModRegistry has been refactored to ECRegistry.
        - Project was updated to JDK 15.0.1.
        - JIJ for Fabric-ASM.
        - Fixed all capitalization to match Java's official capitalization. (Thanks... YTG123 ;[           i cry)

---
## [jeremyevans/forme](https://github.com/jeremyevans/forme)@[983593fabc...](https://github.com/jeremyevans/forme/commit/983593fabcfc3a583bd20e45cc40a0a363a1a11f)
#### Tuesday 2021-11-30 22:11:28 by Jeremy Evans

Refactor internals, switch template integration to use delegation

Internally, forme was kind of a mess to support the template
integration for the multiple web frameworks Forme supports.
Methods like #emit, #tag_, and #raw_output were defined on
Forme::Form, even though there was no need for those outside of
template integration.  Integrating support for new templates
was a huge pain, handled mostly by getting the tests passing using
trial and error, adding hacks as needed so the new template
integration would work without breaking the existing template
integrations.  As the tests don't cover all possible usage, this
could result in breakage in applications, which happened during
the recent addition of the erubi capture template support.

The main change to the internals outside of the template integrations,
other than removing methods no longer needed, is that Forme::Form
now has an internal HTML buffer of the HTML added to the form.  The
internal abstract tree is now eagerly consumed instead of lazily
consumed to produce HTML, which is added to the form's buffer.  The
input, inputs, and tag methods now return all content added to the
form's buffer during the call to the method, handling cases where
fields are added internally.  Forms no longer store a nested tree
of objects.  Inside of using a nesting, where objects added to the
form are added to the current nested object, places where nesting
was used (via blocks) now adds a opening tag to the HTML buffer,
yields to the block (which will likely result in the HTML buffer
being updated while inside the tag), then adds a closing tag to the
HTML buffer.

This uses a delegation approach to template integrations instead of
having them subclass Forme::Form (well, the Roda forme_set plugin
integration still subclasses, but not for template integration).
The delegation then only needs to override a few methods
on the delegate object in order to handle the template integration.
In general, the template integrations are much simpler now, and share
most of the same code, using a new forme/template file.

This fixes the failing subform specs in the previous commit.

This is not completely backwards compatible, and will result in a major
version bump.  However, it's expected that most applications using
Forme will not need changes.  A few known incompatibilities:

* Most Forme::Form methods to generate tags return HTML strings
  instead of returning Forme objects that will be converted to
  HTML strings via to_s.

* When calling tag and passing a proc or method as the children
  (third argument), the proc or method should call methods that
  just return children, instead of methods that modify the form
  directly (e.g. calling tag on the argument passed to the
  proc method, instead of calling form.tag on the argument).

* Mutating the string returned by Forme::Form#to_s will mutate
  future the internal state of the form.  You'll need to avoid
  doing that.

* The following methods have been removed from Forme::Form:

  * nesting
  * tag_
  * raw_output
  * emit

* _forme_form_options private method used in the template
  integrations now takes the object, attributes, and options,
  instead of just the options.

---

# [<](2021-11-29.md) 2021-11-30 [>](2021-12-01.md)

