# [<](2021-09-25.md) 2021-09-26 [>](2021-09-27.md)

2,211,093 events, 1,296,133 push events, 1,803,059 commit messages, 103,849,045 characters


## [outreachy/website](https://github.com/outreachy/website)@[f80efafad5...](https://github.com/outreachy/website/commit/f80efafad5ddf3cab18096e91ca6c7d2d30e9f97)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 01:44:44 by Sage Sharp

Add new views for staff to approve or reject reviewed applications

Once application reviewers are done rating essays, staff needs to double
check the review comments, rating, and applicant time commitments. Then
they will approve or reject the application.

Rearrange the application summary page and application details page:

 - Make important information shown first in the summary row
 - add student status to summary row, since processing student
   applications often takes longer
 - add a warning pill box to the summary row if the applicant is from a
   country or region under U.S. sanctions
 - Only show eligibility warnings - if no warnings are present, show
   nothing
 - show content warnings, essay qualities, and reviewer comments first.
   The comments often direct staff to check specific things, so it's
   important they are shown first.
 - show time commitment details
 - then show staff actions
 - show applicant details, demographics, and full essays

Other elements from the review details page are put below the staff
actions bar. These should be unimportant in my opinion, but we may find
them useful.

TODO: Unfortunately, this is a pretty massive code duplication. I think
there's probably ways for both pages to share more through snippets, but
I don't have time to make this maintanable. Sorry future self, that's
new technical debt for you. :(

---
## [Nathan-R-Og/deltaruined](https://github.com/Nathan-R-Og/deltaruined)@[d93814cd8c...](https://github.com/Nathan-R-Og/deltaruined/commit/d93814cd8c85a18f2fd1ba56f01cc65cb39edf53)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 02:18:04 by Nathan

the basic battle system

ignore the funny names i got bored so
all the animations and framework is there for a fully fledged battle system, i just didnt bother because i got bored

if you can copy paste the ATK enemy stat rendering options to the other options that require you to select an enemy after/before doing something else you could basically fill up 90% of the unfinished parts

btw, i have no fucking clue how deltarune's command priority works nor am i gonna bother learning, but if you want to link them; get the algorithm it uses and make sure to append each confirmation of an action to the teamAction array (and remove accordingly)
id imagine youd have to do some fucky workarounds to do tag team act commands but oh well im not the one worrying about that right this second

---
## [Tarfah98/work1](https://github.com/Tarfah98/work1)@[cec08bfcc1...](https://github.com/Tarfah98/work1/commit/cec08bfcc1e4a6992b55b99cdc0b6217738df095)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 05:08:23 by Tarfah98

Update README.md

Proposal
Introduction:
A client reach out to me to do exploratory data analysis because she want to open a booth that sells breakfast, snacks  and coffee to go, she wants to set her booth to have a strategic place since COVID 19 pandemic closed her shop and now she wants to know where is the stations that people mostly will need to take a coffee and breakfast before getting on to the train or after getting off it in the morning time specifically, so I’m going to use the Metropolitan Transportation Authority Turnstile dataset, I will be doing my exploratory data analysis on the period before COVID 19, from November 2, 2019 to December 28 2019 then compare it to the period from November 7,2020 to December 26,2020 ,Hopefully in the end of my EDA I will determine the best places for my client to choose from to open her booth .
Datasets:
In my EDA I will be using the MTA turnstile dataset free to access on http://web.mta.info/developers/turnstile.html  , each  database is taken every Saturday of every month and the information inside the database will show you each turnstile in witch control area with the entry and exit date and time below is the field description:
C/A:	Control Area (A002)
UNIT	: Remote Unit for a station (R051)
SCP: Subunit Channel Position represents a specific address for a device STATION: Represents the station name the device is located at
LINENAME: Represents all train lines that can be boarded at this station
DIVISION: Represents the Line originally the station belonged to BMT, IRT, IND
DATE: Represents the date (MM-DD-YY)
TIME: Represents the time (hh:mm:ss) for a scheduled audit event
DESC	: Represent the "REGULAR" scheduled audit event (Normally occurs every 4 hours)
ENTRIES: The cumulative entry register value for a device
EXITS: The cumulative exit register value for a device.
Algorithms:
First I will be preforming data cleaning by searching for the NULL and duplicates values and removing them, then I will create a new column date-time and concatenate the date and time, Also I will change the data type into datetime so I can perform time operations, also I will calculate the maximum Entries for each day and each turnstile before COVID and compare it to the maximum entries for each day and each turnstile after COVID happend, then I will combine the numbers for each C/A-UNIT-STATION, then I will calculate the sum of counts for turnstile from the combination of C/A-UNIT-STATION.
Tools:
I will be using different python libraries with jubyter notebook such as pandas, matblotlib and seaborn,numpy and stat also, SQLite and SQLAlchemy.
Conclusion:
In conclusion in the end of my exploratory data analysis I will know where is the best stations places that will help my client to choose to open her booth in.

---
## [thomas-xin/Miza](https://github.com/thomas-xin/Miza)@[ae9bda9f30...](https://github.com/thomas-xin/Miza/commit/ae9bda9f309812df27a694d0b715a69e451786f8)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 08:52:27 by smudgedpasta

Hey there buddy chum pal friend buddy pal chum bud friend fellow brother amigo pal buddy friend chummy chum chum pal, I don't mean to be rude my friend pal homeslice breadslice dawg, but I gotta warn ya, if you take one more diddly darn step right there I'ma gonna have to diddly darn snap your neck! And wowza wouldn't that be a crummy juncture, huh? Do you want that? Do you wish upon yourself to come into physical experience with a crummy juncture? Because friend buddy chum friend chum pally pal chum friend, if you keep this up then well gosh diddly darn I just might have to get not so friendly with you my friendly friend friend friend pal friend buddy chum pally friend chum buddy!

---
## [ai7900/Visual-Novel-Simulator](https://github.com/ai7900/Visual-Novel-Simulator)@[45103ec678...](https://github.com/ai7900/Visual-Novel-Simulator/commit/45103ec678e253bc70a54782d97360fb696bcb44)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 10:38:45 by Imedio111

Make names be drawn in bold style :))) xoxo

Fuck you

---
## [granada-pool/developer-portal](https://github.com/granada-pool/developer-portal)@[81dd18f88c...](https://github.com/granada-pool/developer-portal/commit/81dd18f88c42d9686fa24ce4562a9dc229a8dca5)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 14:50:44 by GranADA Stacking Pool

Extended stake pool operator resources overview.md

I recently uploaded my personal cheatsheet on my staking pool's GitHub repository to help other staking pool operators to quickly setup a Cardano node using CNTools. This guide includes useful commands to enhance security and stability with 2FA, SSH, Firewall rules, backups with snapshots, synchronization, IP banning, etc. I also configured simple navigation links to improve the user experience when going through the guide. This might be specially interesting for SPOs who seek to reduce operation costs or to improve their decentralization by migrating their Cardano nodes to private servers or to smaller and more local data centers. We know that this process normally requires to setup the nodes from scratch and most guides aren't quite summarized. I hope the community considers this resource to be included in the staking pool section of the developer portal.

---
## [BrandonJorgen/Cavalry](https://github.com/BrandonJorgen/Cavalry)@[220e8e0a0e...](https://github.com/BrandonJorgen/Cavalry/commit/220e8e0a0e3171cbcb89e3cee491627cc99cb9bf)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 15:57:57 by Brandon

stupid wwise project you cause me no pain but I hate you anways

---
## [stocklassa/cyberpunk-novel](https://github.com/stocklassa/cyberpunk-novel)@[0f63fb7808...](https://github.com/stocklassa/cyberpunk-novel/commit/0f63fb7808bc5d112b685a916a8d0f8288079296)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 16:17:19 by Eric Stocklassa

More writing

Aaah the places a scene can take you. Probably need to seed this
retroactively and it's going to be a pain in the butt of an emotional
arc to maintain. Not like they are going to have a happy ending if we
are starting like *that*.

---
## [noblechloe/noblechloe.github.io](https://github.com/noblechloe/noblechloe.github.io)@[1535c11a6c...](https://github.com/noblechloe/noblechloe.github.io/commit/1535c11a6c309c9cdaab6348867ef85382a58564)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 18:02:35 by noblechloe

Add files via upload

Child Marriage from UNICEF. Author unknown. https://data.unicef.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/10/XLS_Child-marriage-database_Aug-2021.xlsx. This data set and article were about the percent of girls and boys married before they were 18 years old. It talks about the violation of human rights of being married before your are 18. I choose to focus on just girls and comparing different regions around the world. I think this information is very crucial because getting married as a child especially if you are forced into is very dangerous so I think its important to see just how bad this problem is and where it is the most common. The data had a lot of different countries on it and even split it into regions at the bottom of the data sheet. It was missing data for East Asia and Pacific, Europe and Central Asia, and North America. I wish it had the percents for those regions since they are more highly developed and would be interesting to compare them to the less developed countries where the percents were higher.

---
## [kuzaku-developers/kuzaku](https://github.com/kuzaku-developers/kuzaku)@[14bbe41f5b...](https://github.com/kuzaku-developers/kuzaku/commit/14bbe41f5bfc1821cfdf25b37c5bd09486261bd6)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 18:02:46 by Mikhail Shlykov

Merge branch 'master' of https://github.com/kuzaku-developers/kuzaku

Banana is an idiot. He didn't do commit but pushed. IDIOT YOU A SMALL STUPID IDIOT.
I myst do this commit, but know, A SMASS FUCKING SIHIT IS YOU BANANA FUCKKK YOU

---
## [Y2kz/thefuck](https://github.com/Y2kz/thefuck)@[7f97818663...](https://github.com/Y2kz/thefuck/commit/7f97818663de9351ac7e2c6314ed94184811d62a)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 18:26:26 by Romain Heller

#455: [README] Add uninstall instructions (#1171)

* ~[Doc] Add Uninstall instructions

As we need the package and to modify the shell config, users could have a pain in the ass when it comes to retire *The Fuck* from the system.

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Pablo Aguiar <scorphus@gmail.com>

---
## [jmalcolm137/plc](https://github.com/jmalcolm137/plc)@[26090791c1...](https://github.com/jmalcolm137/plc/commit/26090791c1599c2b68d76ca2bfa5d26cf74e6059)
#### Sunday 2021-09-26 21:49:12 by jmalcolm137

Initial commit

This code was just for fun. It was written over the course of a few evenings while I sat near my four year old waiting for him to fall asleep. As I sat next to him one night I stumbled on an article on Hacker News about writing a compiler and the author chose PL/0 due to its simplicity. I did not even do him the courtesy of reading his article so my code here should not reflect badly on his inspiration but when I looked up the PL/0 EBNF on Wikipedia I decided to stop reading and start writing code. I wanted to implement a few "optimizing compiler" techniques and to teach myself Reflection.Emit. So, success?

It is not great code. My goal was learning and fun and so I skipped a lot of "best practice" ( especially reliance on class global state ). Perhaps I will refactor it someday. The actual compiler bits are essentially done but as an executable program it lacks a lot of polish. The parser does little to ensure correct programs other than syntax. By default, the program simply processes test.pl in the current directory. Switching languages requires a code change and recompile. Exceptions are not handled. Yada, yada, yada...

Example usage ( on my machine - .NET 6 rc1 )
dotnet run samples/hello.pl

---

# [<](2021-09-25.md) 2021-09-26 [>](2021-09-27.md)

