# [<](2021-06-05.md) 2021-06-06 [>](2021-06-07.md)

2,588,094 events, 1,277,834 push events, 1,878,055 commit messages, 103,739,172 characters


## [nashiaf/nashia-and-adnaan@0fb110f1ef...](https://github.com/nashiaf/nashia-and-adnaan/commit/0fb110f1ef836c04db219c70060e5b236fa6c416)
##### 2021-06-06 00:50:03 by nashiaf

nashia-and-adnaan/index.html

the website belongs to the my forever bestfriend. i love you enjoy <3

---
## [mplekunov/plekunov-cop3330-ex01@1503a62a0c...](https://github.com/mplekunov/plekunov-cop3330-ex01/commit/1503a62a0c79538d5de632c05c12b9292ec7e547)
##### 2021-06-06 01:18:04 by mplekunov

This Repo is so :joy:

My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through.' I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because your code gave me cancer anyway.

---
## [NoiceBroice/Teddy-Twosome@2cee4fb17c...](https://github.com/NoiceBroice/Teddy-Twosome/commit/2cee4fb17c1f719b3b405a5544e3466b87567d59)
##### 2021-06-06 04:07:48 by NoiceBroice

Menu Words n shit!!!

holy fuck silly kade tell me where x coord lock was what a dreamy guy, his dick must be massive

---
## [BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet@1405821172...](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/1405821172a86f948711881af641b9d384719ab2)
##### 2021-06-06 10:59:44 by bluezorua

adds a new clown mask, the madman, a madness combat reference (#4356)

* funni reference

* fixes bug

* oh fuck oh shit im stupid

---
## [austation/austation@88aa0853b6...](https://github.com/austation/austation/commit/88aa0853b61c1b41b4757279020813096d604661)
##### 2021-06-06 13:37:33 by AuStation Bot

[MIRROR] adds a new clown mask, the madman, a madness combat reference (#3583)

* adds a new clown mask, the madman, a madness combat reference (#4356)

* funni reference

* fixes bug

* oh fuck oh shit im stupid

* adds a new clown mask, the madman, a madness combat reference

Co-authored-by: bluezorua <54711687+bluezorua@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [insomnia-creator/amogus@6bd930eb1c...](https://github.com/insomnia-creator/amogus/commit/6bd930eb1cc2d99e99a19e3b600f8948b475f326)
##### 2021-06-06 15:33:48 by CorsairRGB 16gb DDR4 3200MHz RAM

man realised that his node package was not working

ok why though? I realised that my constructor is still rejecting a supposed 'promise?' So me in my blindness opened this... I went like: 'yeah promises in a constructor, mate you're brain is broken.' In a jiffy I removed 'new Promise((resolve, reject) => {}) but in my ignorance I literally forgot to delete reject from the face of the Earth.

To whoever it may concern...
I'm sorry. The AMOGUS package wasn't working for a few days. Call me ignorant and useless... throw to the rescue.

Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk

---
## [Sileo/Sileo@7786730734...](https://github.com/Sileo/Sileo/commit/7786730734d2e302808686a792f9e00581a7740f)
##### 2021-06-06 21:16:45 by Amy While

Well, you were the aftermath Of every judgment So cold by the sweat that You'll waste away And you carry your enemies But they're so familiar I'm sick of the company So I cull the shame And I know you'll say how I'm a burden Yeah, do your worst, all at once I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking And it's not the voice of all the others You've only said it to yourself I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking (They come to feel like things we're saying to ourselves) An inch from my ears again "You should be sorry" A solemn man "A better song could fix my problems" I'm tired of your questioning You're cut down too easily And I don't know what's good for me I can't decide And I know you'll say how I'm a burden Yeah, do your worst, all at once I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking And though they sound like one another You've only said it to yourself I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking "Now these voices have become our own" An inch from my ears again "You should be sorry" A solemn man "A better song could fix my problems" I'm tired of your questioning You're cut down too easily And I don't know what's good for me I can't decide And I know you'll say how I'm a burden Yeah, do your worst, all at once I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking And it's not the voice of all the others You've only said it to yourself I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking, thinking Thinking, thinking, thinking, think- And I know you'll say how I'm a burden Yeah, do your worst, all at once I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking, thinking, thinking And though they sound like one another You've only said it to yourself I know what you want from me (from me) I know what you're thinking, thinking Thinking, thinking, thinking, think- Sometimes, the inner voice is encouraging Calling for you to run those final few yards You're nearly there Keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going It will all be OK in the end

---

# [<](2021-06-05.md) 2021-06-06 [>](2021-06-07.md)

