# [<](2021-01-18.md) 2021-01-19 [>](2021-01-20.md)

2,936,025 events, 1,429,490 push events, 2,240,162 commit messages, 179,094,490 characters


## [bonkmaykrQ/kurs-myspace-themes@5d85ff8473...](https://github.com/bonkmaykrQ/kurs-myspace-themes/commit/5d85ff84738de16070631a81aaf6bc36c4a9da83)
##### 2021-01-19 00:44:49 by Kur

as cool as this looks i fucking hate it change it back please god oh fuck ass

---
## [grapl-security/grapl@6137fd7042...](https://github.com/grapl-security/grapl/commit/6137fd704231e48a4f29229018c140658f8ad181)
##### 2021-01-19 02:00:47 by wimax-grapl

Begin to migrate python S3/SQS clients to a FromEnv equivalent (#541)

* On the road to Rust-like Fargate Stuff

yeah sure whatever

Fixed up typechecks

blep blep

It should work, but it doesn't.

I think it should work potentially

It fucking succeeded asdfgh

Yes yes it works yes

e2e works

sysmon works

okay time to rip out more garbage

it work

* readd removed logging driver none thing

* woops two tabs

* Remove the thing that caused pytype failure

* Lock test requirements

* change some prints to logger calls

---
## [AwokeinanEnigma/Cloudburst@b28c0beaeb...](https://github.com/AwokeinanEnigma/Cloudburst/commit/b28c0beaebb1faf02113edea3a12197e65e146c3)
##### 2021-01-19 04:00:42 by AwokeinanEnigma

Custodian:
-Now properly disables when you disable the Custodian config option
-Trashout now properly disposes of winches
-Resized Custodian's Deep Clean hitbox to be bigger,
-Reworked Deep Clean
-Deep Clean is now a glorified pogo stick fuck you i don't care shitass
-Third hit combo implemented
-Performance boost for MAID, enemies that don't have the anti grav buff are remove from the list.

-timesweeper i might be retarded

Items:
-Magician's earrings no longer affect Custodian's free movement
-Japes Cloak rework
-Japes Cloak now gives you a buff which increases your armor and regen on item pickup
-Japes Cloak has lore (thanks u jape!!)

Misc:
-Extreme performance boost since we're no longer using reflection

---
## [JJawesomeJJ/jjawesome-3d@a7613795e4...](https://github.com/JJawesomeJJ/jjawesome-3d/commit/a7613795e447089336d398847fd3d813b9e15ba6)
##### 2021-01-19 10:33:58 by zhaolijie

-water----normal life --
--single life how long will continue
--No mater how sadness of the life remember you are petty unique boy
--fight young man the futher may be darkness but don't be fear,remember the beauty will always wait for you in the some which is not far away --2020-12-15

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@0f109ee17a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0f109ee17a720c07b9542f853dd1d71db3e45dc3)
##### 2021-01-19 13:16:38 by Marko Grdinić

"11am. http://www.spiral.net/doc/pdf/spiral-tutorial2019.pdf

I got reply that there is some name collision between my Spiral and another. I knew there was a DSL by the same name, but I thought it was a Scala LMS library.

I added a note in the readme. But this is a bit interesting, let me take a look at the tutorial for this.

After that I'll get started on the videos.

11:15am. Let me finish the thread I am lurking and then I'll get started with watching videos.

11:40am. That ended up being longer than I thought. Ah, well I always waste an hour after I get up. Let me start the vids. I'll start with Cornami.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_bNzxW90AEI
Cornami: Next Generation Machine Learning Algorithms for Privacy Preserving Neural Networks

https://cornami.com/

Why are they talking about encription? I guess I'll know after I watch the video.

11:50am. https://youtu.be/_bNzxW90AEI?t=518

This is a pretty good technical talk. Ok, by this point I can see these guys are serious. I'll apply at Cornami amongst the others.

https://youtu.be/_bNzxW90AEI?t=722

It is interesting that they are worried about quantum computers.

https://youtu.be/_bNzxW90AEI?t=796
Fully Homomorphic Encryption: A holy grail of cryptography

https://youtu.be/_bNzxW90AEI?t=1155

This is actually pretty interesting.

12:25pm. Reconfigurable cores would definitely be up my alley. If I had one of these chips, making the RL agents that I want would not be a problem. Though I'd expect them to be hard to program. Still, it would be worth mastering this.

There are just so many of these companies. On the surface, my plan is to do a wide sample, but it might turn out to be too difficult to do in a timely manner. This might turn my choices into a coin flip.

In that case, I should just pick something like Cornami - adaptable hardware would adapt to any possible situation. And unlike say spiking nets, I won't be held back by the right algorithms not existing.

Let me move on to the next thing on the list.

The next one is Esperanto. Enflame is the only company which does not have a presence so I'll remove it from consideration.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9NawVqm3qM
RISC-V Tokyo 2020 : Shankar Jayaratnam, Raymond Tang | Esperanto Technologies (USA)

https://www.esperanto.ai/

Let me watch this vid. I'll do it while I have breakfast.

1:10pm. The Esperanto vids are low quality.

I'll say that Cornami is high ranked and Esperanto is mid at best.

In that one video, the japanese CTO started off by displaying his poor grasp of English. Things like this reveal a level of disfunction in the company. The video ended up being about hardware verification too instead of the chip itself. The other video is similar to that.

Forget this. Let me move on to the next thing.

The next is Fathom Computing. [Website](https://www.fathomcomputing.com/).

Damn it, not only can't I not find videos for this, I am having difficulty finding the team.

https://www.wired.com/story/this-computer-uses-lightnot-electricityto-train-ai-algorithms/

Here is an article on it. let me read this.

1:40pm. Fathom is too much in the research phase most likely. Forget it. Let me move on.

The next is Groq.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJbTEXFAsLs
Groq's Tensor Streaming Processor

https://youtu.be/uJbTEXFAsLs?t=73

Uncompromised peak performance for batch size 1 workloads.

I definitely need this.

2:15pm. Groq is high tier. It is not as speculative as Cornami. Adapting hardware might be hard to deal with so I will be taking a risk there that I would not with Groq.

Let me have a break here.

After that I'll watch more of Groq's videos."

---
## [LAGonauta/mpv@1643cb865f...](https://github.com/LAGonauta/mpv/commit/1643cb865f4005949aa8a10b5eee7e0320f5ff4a)
##### 2021-01-19 13:19:23 by wm4

audio: fix stream-silence with push AOs (somewhat)

--audio-stream-silence is a shitty feature compensating for awful
consumer garbage, that mutes PCM at first to check whether it's
compressed audio, using formats advocated and owned by malicious patent
troll companies (who spend more money on their lawyers than paying any
technicians), wrapped in a wasteful way to make it constant bitrate
using a standard whose text is not freely available, and only rude users
want it. This feature has been carelessly broken, because it's
complicated and stupid. What would Jesus do? If not getting an aneurysm,
or pushing over tables with expensive A/V receivers on top of them, he'd
probably fix the feature. So let's take inspiration from Jesus Christ
himself, and do something as dumb as wasting some of our limited
lifetime on this incredibly stupid fucking shit.

This is tricky, because state changes like end-of-audio are supposed to
be driven by the AO driver, while playing silence precludes this. But it
seems code paths for "untimed" AOs can be reused.

But there are still problems. For example, underruns will just happen
normally (and stop audio streaming), because we don't have a separate
heuristic to check whether the buffer is "low enough" (as a consequence
of a network stall, but before the audio output itself underruns).

---
## [OrhanBoyraz/ODEK-CO-N-@48a55d134c...](https://github.com/OrhanBoyraz/ODEK-CO-N-/commit/48a55d134cef9c55f0eaa2507dc71286b6620aa0)
##### 2021-01-19 14:05:21 by Orhan BOYRAZ

Add files via upload

ODEK COİN; Köykent Tatil Köyü Projesi;
         Ben Türkiyeden Jeofizik Mühendisi Orhan Boyraz, düzenin ve insanların bozulduğu bu dünyada; Erdemli kalan insanlarla erdemli bir toplum oluşturmak için bir proje yapmayı uygun gördüm. Bu Proje ile insanlığı örnek çağdaş bir toplum olmayı göstereceğiz.
          Projem, Bir Tatil Köyü tarzında, herşeyin organik yetiştirileceği, dünyanın her tarafından tatil için insanların geleceği, köy yaşantısını yaşayarak öğreneceği bir projedir.  Bu Proje ile, öğrencilere burs verilecek, uluslararası öğrenci değişimine açık, sosyal sorumluluk projeleri olacaktır. İnsanlar; ODEK Coin 'i alarak burada tatil yapabilecekler.
         Bu  ODEK COİN Tatil Köyü (KÖYKENT) Projesinde yapılacaklar; 
1-Bu Tatil Köyünde Organik-İyi  Tarım ve Hayvancılık uygulaması yapılacak, sosyal, kültürel ve ekonomik faaliyetler yapılacaktır.
2-Yoksul ve çalışkan öğrencilere burs ve harçlık verilecek, şehirlerde yurtlar yapılacak,
3-Uluslararası öğrenci değişimi yapılacak, burada öğrenciler tatil  yapacaklar,
4-Bu Tatil köyünde İnsanlar, dijital parayla tatil yapabilecekler ve bir dijital Kimlik No  alabilecekler, bu Kimliği alanlar erdemli toplumun çağdaş bir ferdi olacaklar.
5-Tatil Köyünde insanlar, köy hayatını hobi bahçelerinde yaşayarak öğrenecek,
6-Başlıca büyük dinleri temsilen bir Erdemliler Cemiyeti Dergahı İbadet Yeri yapılacak, burada bütün insanlar özgürce ibadetlerini de yapabilecekler,
7-Sosyal sorumluluk projeleri yapılacak, yoksul insanlara yardımlar yapılacak,
8-Köyde üretilen organik ürünler ihtiyaç sahiplerine dağıtılacak,
9-Köykent projesinde bütün insanlar, ODEK Coin alarak tatil yapabilecek,
10-Böylece Erdemli ve Çağdaş bir Örnek Toplum oluşturmaya çalışılacaktır.
11-Proje maliyeti yaklaşık olarak 10 milyar TL kadardır.
12-Proje bitirme süresi yaklaşık 5 yıl kadardır.
                                                        19.01.2021 
                                                       Saygılarımla
                                                      Orhan BOYRAZ
                                                     Jeofizik Mühendisi
           ODEK COIN; Köykent Holiday Village Project; 
          I Geophysics from Turkey Orhan Boyraz, the order is disrupted and the people in this world; I found it appropriate to do a project to create a virtuous society with people who remain virtuous. With this Project, we will show humanity to be an exemplary contemporary society. 
          My project is a project in the style of a Holiday Village, where everything will be grown organically, where people from all over the world learn the future by living the village life. With this project, students will be awarded scholarships, there will be social responsibility projects open to international student exchange. People; They will be able to take a vacation here by purchasing ODEK Coin. 
         Things to be done in this ODEK COİN Holiday Village (KÖYKENT) Project; 
1-In this Holiday Village, organic-good agriculture and animal husbandry will be practiced, social, cultural and economic activities will be carried out. 
2-Scholarships and allowances will be given to poor and hard-working students, and dormitories will be built in cities, 
3-International student exchange will be made, students will have a holiday here, 
4-In this holiday village, people will be able to take a vacation with digital money and get a digital ID No, those who receive this ID will be a contemporary member of the virtuous society. 
5-In the holiday village, people will learn the village life by living in hobby gardens, 
6-A Society of Virtuous Places of Worship will be built to represent the major religions, where all people will be able to worship freely, 
7-Social responsibility projects will be carried out, aid will be provided to poor people, 
8-Organic products produced in the village will be distributed to those in need, 
9-In the Köykent project, all people will be able to take a vacation by purchasing ODEK Coin, 
10-Thus, it will be tried to create a Virtuous and Contemporary Exemplary Society. 
11-The project cost is approximately 10 billion TL. 
12-The project completion period is approximately 5 years. 
                                                19.01.2021 Best regards 
                                                   Orhan BOYRAZ 
                                                Geophysical Engineer

---
## [LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto@867a5e2e7f...](https://github.com/LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto/commit/867a5e2e7fde230dfa9476c8a66588a20a591f87)
##### 2021-01-19 14:15:44 by LDR

Add files via upload

Thanks to our own LambyDance and others, it was figured out that Samily was using an image of Sailor Moon for her god awful characters. The poses were damn near identical, cept for the hands and the bulbous head and no feet.

---
## [Dusto-beep/its-been-so-bitcoin-hard-to-find@79df3d3d2f...](https://github.com/Dusto-beep/its-been-so-bitcoin-hard-to-find/commit/79df3d3d2f7d6fe03135184ac7eabfc7ea55bddc)
##### 2021-01-19 14:32:12 by Dusto-beep

Update README.md

I only got back into this because I wan to learn my own  related apps from when I was just a kid in grade school mow am older trying my best to remember the things I used to love doing best if I had only liste to my teach as I staying in school but something had to tell her I had better thi gs in life later for taking care of myself and not only history of my ancestors plus not only did I deserve what I created but earned as a kid learning now as an adult which has been harder the ever since now its hard to even get interested in my own ideas and to even keep them as my own before some one trys to take steal hack or even put into there own name which I've and or am ready to create another or atleast learn something better the bitcoins and other that before that I've done but the others I've created are top secret so not eve I can remember what they are because I refuse to remember maybe if Riri were Actually born to me I don't have to do all the remembering all I have is Hope I hope she happens for the good in my tree top for ever wealthy and the family trees for ever richest days and life time in bitcoins we the first and atheist maje tk the end of it year 2140 hope for the best imy family life and trees God Bless all those who help make this happen and I feel like been loved not only by God and Jesus and our Creator I life but by us Human beings and Allah as well I do believe all religions I life as well im not so selfish just to believe I one and just mine but every religion if it is about good in there to support it thanks my buddys.

---
## [greenhas/hugo-website@3eecb4955c...](https://github.com/greenhas/hugo-website/commit/3eecb4955c71ed955e35aee48998a5c52b809df3)
##### 2021-01-19 18:04:26 by Spencer Greenhalgh

post This passage about the anti-Semitic Dreyfus Affair (from a book I’m reading on the French Third Republic) is coming to mind today: “Long before the end of the Affaire, as the French called it, the question of the guilt of Dreyfus became almost lost in the melee, giving way to a fundamental conflict over the very moral concepts of French society which cast its shadow over the Third Republic from then on to the end. For to the Army leaders and their backers in the Church, and among the conservative classes, the supreme issue became not whether Dreyfus was guilty (though they believed he was) but that even if he was innocent it were better that he suffer the tortures of the damned (as he was literally doing on Devil's Island) than that the prestige and the honor of the French Army, on which the defense of the country depended, be impugned. Of what significance was the life and honor of one individual compared to the life and the honor of la patrie? Of what significance indeed were naked truth and naked justice for the individual and even respect for the human personality regardless of race or religion if adhering to them undermined the confidence of the people in the leaders of the Army and sapped their faith in the constituted authorities and thus weakened the fiber of the nation? Above everything else lay the national interest and throughout history individuals had been sacrificed for it, as had truth and justice.”

---
## [NaomiReeves/taste-tester@72302b26e0...](https://github.com/NaomiReeves/taste-tester/commit/72302b26e0081f70475579898532f60b6ad6e7b4)
##### 2021-01-19 19:46:02 by Phil Dibowitz

First whack at windows (target) support for taste-tester (#144)

I can't imagine we have any desire to have TT itself run on Windows,
however, one has to manage their windows system sometime, and that means
being able to test on those systems.

This adds support for the remote system by generating the right
powershell to send over ssh.

That means there are two requirements to using this:

1. You have ssh enabled on your Windows PC
2. You set the default shell to powershell instead of cmd

Both are easily accomplished with this tiny bit of Chef:

```ruby
powershell_package 'ComputerManagementDsc' do
  action :install
end

dsc_resource 'install ssh-client' do
  resource :windowscapability
  module_name 'ComputerManagementDsc'
  property :name, 'OpenSSH.Client~~~~0.0.1.0'
  property :ensure, 'Present'
end

dsc_resource 'install ssh-server' do
  resource :windowscapability
  module_name 'ComputerManagementDsc'
  property :name, 'OpenSSH.Server~~~~0.0.1.0'
  property :ensure, 'Present'
end

dsc_resource 'start sshd' do
  resource :service
  property :name, 'sshd'
  property :startuptype, 'Automatic'
  property :state, 'Running'
  property :ensure, 'Present'
end
```

This also requires you to be on a version modern enough that symlinks
actually work - sorry, we're not re-inventing how taste-tester works
for old broken OSes. Getting Windws support here is ugly enough as it
is.

You may be wondering "but Windows has bash support now!"... and you'd be
sorta-right. You can enable WSL and Bash in modern Windows, but you end
up in a embedded linux environment. You can access the Windows
filesystem, but it's not a thing most people are going to want to do on
their windows systems. So, powershell it is.

This fully supports tunnels and non-tunnels. As far as I can tell,
everything works except "bundle mode" and "local transport", but I don't
think those are necessary here.

In order to not repeat the *crazy* trans-shell logic, I factored out
some code that was repeated (but badly, with bugs - now we *always*
specify `-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no` and friends, not just sometimes)
between ssh.rb and tunnel.rb into ssh_util.rb. I took this approach
because it was the least change, and since that's not directly related
to this PR, I wanted to minimize that. However, the long-term solution
here is to just roll tunnel.rb into ssh.rb. It already has a `tunnel`
option it ignores in the initializer.

Signed-off-by: Phil Dibowitz <phil@ipom.com>

---
## [certified84/Notes@855c63731c...](https://github.com/certified84/Notes/commit/855c63731cab2358c6190f2309fe7f3661c49e33)
##### 2021-01-19 23:46:25 by Samson Achiaga

In this commit, I added a night theme to the app. It kinda looks cool but I don't know if the users will like it. There are some bugs in this commit. Still no paging library and SettingsFragment but we meavure. I think I'm depressed kinda going through a heart break. I missed my AAD exam and that shit really fucked with my mind. Obtaining that certificate *was my biggest goal for 2021.
*because I don't know where I'll get the money to pay for it now since I already lost the opportunity of taking it for free. God I'm fucked;

---

# [<](2021-01-18.md) 2021-01-19 [>](2021-01-20.md)

