# [<](2021-03-18.md) 2021-03-19 [>](2021-03-20.md)

3,612,788 events, 1,540,375 push events, 2,377,662 commit messages, 177,025,922 characters


## [aegooby/ghostwritten](https://github.com/aegooby/ghostwritten)@[adbd4aaf8e...](https://github.com/aegooby/ghostwritten/commit/adbd4aaf8ea49043daf1913fb321807285bd386e)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 01:16:04 by aegooby

Fixed shitty ass stupid 100% retarded sheepsicle browser Safari made by "dumb sluts"

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[9f0755f2cd...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/9f0755f2cd330316d6e625eb38613397066e7988)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 01:38:50 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-18: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (BC, MB, NT, ON, QC, SK); mortality (NT, ON).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “7 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 10,576, due to the withdrawal of 1 death not attributable to COVID-19: 0 deaths in the last 24 hours, 5 deaths between March 11 and March 16, 2 deaths before March 11.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [Kazkin/sojourn-station](https://github.com/Kazkin/sojourn-station)@[0756426c83...](https://github.com/Kazkin/sojourn-station/commit/0756426c836031b9419aac984eb2e8b3aef0b216)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 01:50:41 by Kazkin

New Guns

-Added Avasarala, a new age version of the desert eagle. It's hot shit, as in actual shit, creamy brown runny shit because any IRL gunsmith knows the desert eagle is a terrible fucking gun. Found in gun loot spawns.
-Added "Triple Primary" heavy pistol, a cross forged gun with amazing stats. Has the utterly unique property that allows it to change its caliber from .50 kurtz, .40 magnum, or .35 pistol. Found anywhere cross guns can spawn. The name is a visual pun.
-Added the "tacticool revolver" which is a mateba with a god awful ugly fucking sprite made by eris. It's just a mateba with an overly large scope. Partially a joke weapon, but superior to a standard mateba thanks to less recoil and ... well it has a scope. Found in gun loot spawns.
-Improved the deckard sprite via port from eris, mostly just a pallet improvement that is hard to spot without knowing about the change.

---
## [JoaoFukuda/dotfiles](https://github.com/JoaoFukuda/dotfiles)@[6d28ebe62e...](https://github.com/JoaoFukuda/dotfiles/commit/6d28ebe62e3a831ca1785b370dd99173a0ba343c)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 05:05:30 by João Fukuda

A lot of small tweaks I forgot to keep saving

Bash history now ignore duplicates (great for spamming commands :3)

Dunst now (apparently) don't need to be initialized on xserver init, so
it was removed from .xinitrc AND it now has a bigger notification
message (but I guess I'll reduce the font size juuuuust a little bit)

I3 now has Signal (the message app) support to put on the "Social" tab

Qutebrowser don't have the BEST dark mode, so I choose (for the sake of
      my sanity) to remove it from my config

Install now has correct nomenclature

ScreenKey's timeout for keys is 0.5 seconds (I type fast and it was
      annoying me, deal with it)

I guess this is it (sorry for the big message...)

---
## [zachrytwood/starter-workflows](https://github.com/zachrytwood/starter-workflows)@[9ae2c145e2...](https://github.com/zachrytwood/starter-workflows/commit/9ae2c145e2a800125643e559a20727f9c40c7b57)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 06:15:12 by zachrytwood

Update and rename ci/blank.yml to GOD's COMPROMISE REPLY TO USA's BULLSHIT REMARKS

---
## [psp2111-ADSLGATE/plugin.video.seren](https://github.com/psp2111-ADSLGATE/plugin.video.seren)@[59cb537791...](https://github.com/psp2111-ADSLGATE/plugin.video.seren/commit/59cb53779103d53d9c4d91e84a50aa536ce839ce)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 08:24:16 by psp2111-ADSLGATE

Update to Arabic strings.po

Hi Nix and all contributors i want first to thank you all for this remarkable addon that been absolute joy using it for the past 2 years.

This is my modified strings.po translated to Arabic, I have been working on it for the past 4-5 days.
To be honest I was surprise when 2.0.17 released yesterday with an Arabic translation support for the addon, but translation was really bad with a lot of wrong words and unmeaningful sentences,
This is based on en-GB converted to ar-SA and fully translated to Arabic by me, it is also tested for both version of Seren in kodi 19 and 18.9 and working with no issues.

I hope you accept this small effort as Thanks to your awesome work, and help all the people that speak Arabic and using this addon.

---
## [ThunderStorms21th/Galaxy-S10](https://github.com/ThunderStorms21th/Galaxy-S10)@[008bf42f2c...](https://github.com/ThunderStorms21th/Galaxy-S10/commit/008bf42f2cf9e44cc38be438cf47b2fbdd7a49b9)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 08:46:32 by Ville Syrjälä

drm/i915/sdvo: Implement proper HDMI audio support for SDVO

commit d74408f528261f900dddb9778f61b5c5a7a6249c upstream.

Our SDVO audio support is pretty bogus. We can't push audio over the
SDVO bus, so trying to enable audio in the SDVO control register doesn't
do anything. In fact it looks like the SDVO encoder will always mix in
the audio coming over HDA, and there's no (at least documented) way to
disable that from our side. So HDMI audio does work currently on gen4
but only by luck really. On gen3 it got broken by the referenced commit.
And what has always been missing on every platform is the ELD.

To pass the ELD to the audio driver we need to write it to magic buffer
in the SDVO encoder hardware which then gets pulled out via HDA in the
other end. Ie. pretty much the same thing we had for native HDMI before
we started to just pass the ELD between the drivers. This sort of
explains why we even have that silly hardware buffer with native HDMI.

$ cat /proc/asound/card0/eld#1.0
-monitor_present		0
-eld_valid		0
+monitor_present		1
+eld_valid		1
+monitor_name		LG TV
+connection_type		HDMI
+...

This also fixes our state readout since we can now query the SDVO
encoder about the state of the "ELD valid" and "presence detect"
bits. As mentioned those don't actually control whether audio
gets sent over the HDMI cable, but it's the best we can do. And with
the state checker appeased we can re-enable HDMI audio for gen3.

Cc: stable@vger.kernel.org
Cc: Daniel Vetter <daniel.vetter@ffwll.ch>
Cc: zardam@gmail.com
Tested-by: zardam@gmail.com
Bugzilla: https://bugs.freedesktop.org/show_bug.cgi?id=108976
Fixes: de44e256b92c ("drm/i915/sdvo: Shut up state checker with hdmi cards on gen3")
Signed-off-by: Ville Syrjälä <ville.syrjala@linux.intel.com>
Link: https://patchwork.freedesktop.org/patch/msgid/20190409144054.24561-3-ville.syrjala@linux.intel.com
Reviewed-by: Imre Deak <imre.deak@intel.com>
(cherry picked from commit dc49a56bd43bb04982e64b44436831da801d0237)
Signed-off-by: Jani Nikula <jani.nikula@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [cockpit-project/cockpituous](https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpituous)@[cce26c4642...](https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpituous/commit/cce26c46423bd32497f8331e8b11fe0c06794786)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 09:03:37 by Martin Pitt

tasks: Set up S3 secrets for OpenShift

OpenShift secrets volumes don't know about subdirectories, so
tasks/build-secrets encodes them as '/' → '--'. Set these up in
cockpit-tasks by replacing the dangling ~/.config/cockpit-dev/s3-keys
symlink with a directory and individually link in all available
s3-keys--* secrets.

This is a pretty hackish special-case to fix image uploading on our
OpenShift tasks. We should think about how to arrange our tasks secrets
to not require so many specific symlinks and hacks.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9af3ea5a00...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9af3ea5a009f087092a7ad4beb21976a9adf148d)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 11:28:51 by Marko Grdinić

"8:55am. Let me chill for a bit and then I will start.

Yesterday I had time to gather my determination and today I am going to act upon it. Yes, I'll have to deal with recurrent nets eventually, and I'll have a need for different kinds of replay buffers, but forget that. Let me just focus on the feedforward case without worrying how I will generalize this to other kinds of agents.

Just enumerative feedforward agents will be good enough as my first goal. Baby steps.

9:05am. Let me go for the Mahoako thread and then I will start.

I worked non-stop for the past six years. Sure I won't have to work on a language anymore, but by no means does that mean that what I will be doing here is easy. If it is easy, that just means I should fill up the time until I get to the same level of stress as before.

It is going to take time. I am not 5/5 expert in ML, but 3/5 at best. I am an expert in writing compilers, not ML systems. The skills and real world capabilities are going to come when I hit the next tier.

9:20am. Let me start. The most important thing here is to have motivation. Since increasing one's capabilities takes real effort, the path of least resistance is to just learn what you need.

Even I've been tempted to have Spiral sponsors solve my financial needs. It is the easiest thing in the world to take it easy by becoming a slave. Everyone loves being one as long as it is not called that. Instead they think themselves upstanding pillars of society.

It is a powerful urge. I am drawn towards it despite understanding this.

Deep down I'd rather do what I am doing now with other people than alone. It is really a pity nobody, but myself is interested in Spiral. It would have been fun if I could have gotten a few people interested in the same goal.

Right now I am switching to RL, so that particular interest should be broader in scope.

As a wish for the 20s, I really hope my interactions will turn out to be more fruitful than the last ones. The people I talked with in the last six years would have been better off fired from a cannon.

I am going to learn from this.

At some point I am going to have to make an effort to move my 1/5 social skills to something respectable.

9:25am. But well, that does not really matter. I'll deal with the people on the outside when they start to matter.

What matters in life is keeping up your own inner voice and having a firm will.

Being just a little good at interacting with the outside world would actually be a lot worse than what I have now. Imagine if I'd gotten a reply to some of my applications, but something like only a single interested party. Then I'd have a temptation to abandon my current work and get hitched to that. That would significantly negatively impact my long term development.

9:30am. This is kind of the thing, a lot of the people boasting about the importance of social skills aren't 5/5 at them. Real social chads wouldn't waste their time like that. Rather this kind of bullying to the perceived weaker ones is done by the mediocrities.

The NPCs who are only capable of talking to NPCs about the same NPC interests. The people who are only capable of thinking in certain ways and do not have an interest in breaking out, yes perversely that is how those with talent appear to them.

9:35am. Throughout my life I've been living a dream.

I was aware of the competitive nature of life, but I thought that if I'd attained the power of omnipotence that would be unecessary. So the competition of the real world was meaningless in my eyes. It was fine if I was at the bottom of the social ladder, because ultimately that thing was imaginary, and I was seeking a much greater power.

But figuring out the self improvement loop and my experiences since then have changed my mind. I want to compete now and I do not want to let myself be used like in the past. Either by people for status points in their social game, or by food for institutions.

9:40am. When I am around NPCs, I am like an NPC myself. Those people should be crushed. I do not want to waste my valuable will resisting the pull anymore. Instead I want to cut the chain pulling me.

It is time to grow up. It is time to do battle.

What should I do now. First of all, let me modify the players, so that in the terminal nodes, the fin gets called.

Let me start with that.

Programming is nothing fancy. You start with a grand goal and then you peel away at it and do the individual steps.

```
nominal run (p : * -> * -> *) o a r = player p o a -> log_prob -> array a -> (a * log_prob * p o a -> r) -> r
```

Let me change this something like player funs.

9:50am.

```
nominal player_funs (p : * -> * -> *) o a r = {
    action : player p o a -> log_prob -> array a -> (a * log_prob * p o a -> r) -> r
    terminal : player p o a -> f64 -> (() -> r) -> r
    }
```

I've been too indecisive regarding this lately, so I am going to go with the simplest possible design. I'll pass in the reward as a f64 to each of the players.

```
terminal : player p o a -> f64 -> ()
```

Actually let me do it like this. Let me not complicate things.

```
inl nodes_2p forall (p1 : * -> * -> *) (p2 : * -> * -> *) o a ret. (player_funs fp1, player_funs fp2) : game2p o a (pl2 p1 p2 o a * (f64 -> ret) -> ret) = game2p {
    terminal = fun (pid,r) ((p1,p2),ret) =>
        inl r = if pid = 0 then f64 r else f64 -r
        fp1.terminal p1 r . fp2.terminal p2 -r
        ret r
    action = fun pid ar f ((p1,p2),ret) =>
        if pid = 0 then fp1.action p1 (prob p2) ar (fun (a,_,_ as cs) => f a ((apply_changes p1 cs,apply_action p2 a),ret))
        else fp2.action p2 (prob p1) ar (fun (a,_,_ as cs) => f a ((apply_action p1 a,apply_changes p2 cs),ret))
    draw = choice draw
    sample = choice sample
    }
```

Let me do this like so. Yeah, it is fine if I take it easy and make small steps. The exact form of the replay buffer and the nodes is soething I will evolve gradually as I go along.

The fact I can even do this I owe it all to Spiral. Imagine if I were doing thing in Python. No doubt the implementation of the game would be completely interwoven with functionality of the players.

10:30am.

```
    terminal = fun (pid,r) ((p1,p2),ret) =>
        inl r = f64 if pid = 0 then r else -r
        fp1.terminal p1 (reward: r probOpp: exp_log_prob (prob p2))
        fp2.terminal p2 (reward: -r probOpp: exp_log_prob (prob p1))
        ret r
```

Let me do it like this.

```
nominal replay o a = list {observation : nodes.observation o a; reward : f64; prob_self : f64; prob_opp : f64}
```

`replay` should be a record.

```
nominal rarray a = $"list"
```

It is beyond annoying that I cannot pull this outside the module. Well, I could, but then I lose the ability to compare it for equality.

```
instance equable rarray t = fun x1 x2 =>
    if length x1 <> length x2 then false
    else
        let rec loop i = if i < length x1 then index x1 i = index x2 i && loop (i+1) else true
        loop 0

instance comparable rarray t = fun x1 x2 =>
    if length x1 < length x2 then LT
    elif length x1 > length x2 then GT
    else
        let rec loop i =
            if i < length x1 then
                inl x = comp (index x1 i) (index x2 i)
                if eq_is x then loop (i+1) else x
            else EQ
        loop 0
```

You know what. It is my own language, so I'll loosen the orphan instance check. Rather than the same module, I'll restrict it to being in the same package.

```fs
let assert_orphan_instance_check (prot_id : GlobalId) (ins_id : GlobalId) = if (prot_id.module_id = module_id || ins_id.module_id = module_id) = false then errors.Add(r,OrphanInstance)
```

Let me change this to `package_id`.

```fs
let assert_orphan_instance_check (prot_id : GlobalId) (ins_id : GlobalId) = if (prot_id.package_id = package_id || ins_id.package_id = package_id) = false then errors.Add(r,OrphanInstance)
```

```fs
| OrphanInstance -> "The instance has to be defined in the same package as either the prototype or the nominal."
```

Together with the shadow check this should do the trick.

There is was need to be so strict here.

```
nominal replay o a = rarray {observation : list (nodes.observation o a); reward : f64; prob_self : f64; prob_opp : f64}
```

Let me do it like this.

```
nominal stateless o a = ()
type replay_element o a = {observations : list (nodes.observation o a); reward : f64; probSelf : f64; probOpp : f64}
nominal replay o a = rarray (replay_element o a)
```

11:10am. I am getting lost in thoughts.

```
inl create dispatch = player_funs {
    action = fun (player p : player replay card action) opp_prob dist next =>
        dispatch (p.observations, dist, fun x => next (x,p.state))
    terminal = fun (player {observations probSelf state=(replay rep)}) (reward: probOpp:) =>
        r64.add rep {observations reward probOpp probSelf=exp_log_prob probSelf}
    }
```

At any rate, here is the human player. I did a bit of refactoring so the args match up better. Compared to v0.09, refactoring in Spiral v2 is just as smooth as it is in F#.

11:15am. Let me think, and not about the next Simulacrum arc. What comes next?

The UI. I have everything else, now it is time to tackle it.

```
Error trace on line: 21, column: 30 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\cython_experiments\ui_leduc1\nodes\cps.spi.
    terminal = fun (pid,r) ((p1,p2),ret) =>
                             ^
Error trace on line: 22, column: 9 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\cython_experiments\ui_leduc1\nodes\cps.spi.
        inl r = f64 if pid = 0 then r else -r
        ^
Error trace on line: 22, column: 17 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\cython_experiments\ui_leduc1\nodes\cps.spi.
        inl r = f64 if pid = 0 then r else -r
                ^
Error trace on line: 22, column: 21 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\cython_experiments\ui_leduc1\nodes\cps.spi.
        inl r = f64 if pid = 0 then r else -r
                    ^
Error trace on line: 22, column: 44 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\cython_experiments\ui_leduc1\nodes\cps.spi.
        inl r = f64 if pid = 0 then r else -r
                                           ^
The argument must be a signed numeric type.
Got: u32
```

Huh...Ah, inded. It is u32. I forgot about this. Good thing the partial evaluator warned me.

Ok, the old thing runs. I need to focus on the UI.

```
open kivy
open lithe

union msg =
    | Clicked

type state = {
    times_clicked : u32
    }

inl model (x : state) = function
    | Clicked => {x with times_clicked#=((+) 1)}

inl view dispatch (state : _ state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [-text "Press the button."]
            button [
                +text fun {times_clicked} =>
                    if times_clicked = 0 then "Click me."
                    else $"f\"The button has been clicked {!times_clicked} times.\""
                @on_press (fun () => dispatch Clicked)
                ]
            ]
        ]

inl main () =
    inl app = appm.create()
    inl _ = rx.subscribe (loop {times_clicked=0} model view) (appm.root app)
    appm.run app
```

This works when I paste it as is into the new project. Good.

Ok, I'll do it in the simplest way possible. Before I start, let me replace the label with a text box.

```
inl view dispatch (state : _ state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [
                +text fun {times_clicked} =>
                    if times_clicked = 0 then "Press the button."
                    else $"f\"The button has been clicked {!times_clicked} times.\""
                ]
            boxlayout [
                -orientation Horizontal
                -size_hint_y 0.2
                children [
                    button [
                        -text "Click me."
                        @on_press (fun () => dispatch Clicked)
                        ]
                    ]
                ]
            ]
        ]
```

Let me add a text box widget.

11:45am. https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.uix.html?highlight=kivy%20uix#module-kivy.uix

Let me take a break here. I do not need a text input after all. I'll make use of the label.

12:30pm. Done with breakfast. Let me do the chores here."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[af21104754...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/af2110475466faae36b4ce0ebd6cb445b219ffca)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 13:26:57 by Marko Grdinić

"1:05pm. Done with chores. Let me resume.

As my first trick, before I move on to putting in the human player into the UI...

```
open kivy
open lithe

union msg =
    | Clicked

type state = {
    times_clicked : u32
    }

inl model (x : state) = function
    | Clicked => {x with times_clicked#=((+) 1)}

inl view dispatch (state : _ state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [
                +text fun {times_clicked} =>
                    if times_clicked = 0 then "Press the button."
                    else $"f\"The button has been clicked {!times_clicked} times.\""
                ]
            boxlayout [
                -orientation Horizontal
                -size_hint_y 0.2
                children [
                    button [
                        -text "Click me."
                        @on_press (fun () => dispatch Clicked)
                        ]
                    ]
                ]
            ]
        ]

inl main () =
    inl app = appm.create()
    inl _ = rx.subscribe (loop {times_clicked=0} model view) (appm.root app)
    appm.run app
```

Instead of having the button do the usual thing, how about a I make the button click start the game?

```
inl main () =
    inl p1 = agent.neural_random.create()
    inl p2 = agent.uniform_random.create()
    loop.for' (from:0u32 nearTo:100) (fun i =>
        open nodes
        inl Empty = player {probSelf=to_log_prob 1; observations=Nil; state=agent.stateless()} |> dyn
        inl r = leduc.game (nodes.cps.nodes_2p (p1, p2)) ((Empty,Empty),dyn id)
        $"print(\"Reward for player one at iteration \", !i, \" is \", !r)" : ()
        )
```

Let me combine it with this and print the output. This will be a step forward in the integration of the system.

```fs
type t a b c = (nodes.player_funs) (agent.stateless) a b f64
```

Ah, crap. I forgot tight application in the type parser. I have to fix this.

```fs
    and application_tight d =
        let next = expressions
        let inline expr_tight (d: Env) =
            let i = index d
            if 0 < i && i < d.tokens.Length then
                let r,r' = snd (fst d.tokens.[i-1]), fst (fst d.tokens.[i])
                if r.line = r'.line && r.character = r'.character then next d else Error []
            else Error []

        pipe2 next (many expr_tight) (List.fold (fun a b -> RawApply(range_of_expr a +. range_of_expr b,a,b))) d

    and application (d: Env) =
        let next = application_tight
        pipe2 next (many (indent (col d) (<) next)) (List.fold (fun a b -> RawApply(range_of_expr a +. range_of_expr b,a,b))) d
```

```fs
    let fold_applies a b = List.fold (fun a b -> RawTApply(range_of_texpr a +. range_of_texpr b,a,b)) a b
    let apply_tight d = pipe2 cases (many (expr_tight cases)) fold_applies d
    let apply d = pipe2 apply_tight (many (indent (col d) (<) cases)) fold_applies d
```

I've decided to factor out `expr_tight`.

```
type t a b c = nodes.player_funs agent.stateless a b f64
```

No, it is not good enough. This still does not work for me.

```fs
let apply d = pipe2 apply_tight (many (indent (col d) (<) cases)) fold_applies d
```

Because I forgot to route it in the second arg.

```
open kivy
open lithe

union msg =
    | Clicked

type state = {
    p1 : nodes.player_funs agent.stateless leduc.card leduc.action f64
    p2 : nodes.player_funs agent.stateless leduc.card leduc.action f64
    text : string
    }

inl model (s : state) = function
    | Clicked =>
        open nodes
        inl Empty = player {probSelf=to_log_prob 1; observations=Nil; state=agent.stateless()} |> dyn
        inl r = leduc.game (nodes.cps.nodes_2p (s.p1, s.p2)) ((Empty,Empty),dyn id)
        inl ts = $"f\"Reward for player one is {!r}\"" : string
        {s with text#=fun t => $"!t + !ts"}

inl view dispatch (state : _ state) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            label [
                +text fun {text} => text
                ]
            boxlayout [
                -orientation Horizontal
                -size_hint_y 0.2
                children [
                    button [
                        -text "Start Game."
                        @on_press (fun () => dispatch Clicked)
                        ]
                    ]
                ]
            ]
        ]

inl main () =
    inl app = appm.create()
    inl p1 = agent.neural_random.create()
    inl p2 = agent.uniform_random.create()
    inl _ = rx.subscribe (loop {p1 p2 text=""} model view) (appm.root app)
    appm.run app
```

Let me try it like this.

I wish I was working in .NET, rather than Python, but I'll manage to get through this to the place I want either way. In .NET could use Hopac rather tying up the UI thread, but this is not for serious gaming anyway.

Maybe I could use Rx to start the subject on a different thread.

If I study Rx, I bet I could learn a lot about Python concurrency.

Let me try running this.

```
inl model (s : state) = function
    | Clicked =>
        open nodes
        inl Empty = player {probSelf=to_log_prob 1; observations=Nil; state=agent.stateless()} |> dyn
        inl r = leduc.game (nodes.cps.nodes_2p (s.p1, s.p2)) ((Empty,Empty),dyn id)
        inl ts = $"f\"Reward for player one is {!r}.\\n\"" : string
        {s with text#=fun t => $"!t + !ts"}
```

Forgot about the newline here. A far bigger problem though is that the label text extends beyond the button.

Yeah, labels are unsuitable for text display after all.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.uix.label.html?highlight=text%20box#kivy.uix.label.Label.shorten
https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.uix.label.html?highlight=text%20box#kivy.uix.label.Label.text_size

It might be possible to constrain it.

```
instance text_size label = fun (a,b) x =>
    match a,b with
    | (Some: a), (Some: b) => $"!x.text_size = (!a,!b)"
    | (Some: a), None => $"!x.text_size = (!a,None)"
    | None, (Some: b) => $"!x.text_size = (None,!b)"
    | None, None => $"!x.text_size = (None,None)"
```

Let me give it a try.

I really hate this, as instead of it being relative to the size of the control, now I am giving this hard pixel info. Clearly label is the wrong thing for the job here.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.uix.vkeyboard.html

Right now I am going through all the documented Kivy widgets and wondering whether I should switch to PyQT.

Oh, yes. Let me publish a patch. I did that type parser fix.

2:15pm. https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.uix.pagelayout.html

You know what, I am not sure that a mobile UI framework is what I want. I never even owned a mobile phone in my life. Why did I pick Kivy out of all things?

I wanted to avoid Gtk at all cost as I know from my .NET experience that it is trash. So that leaves PyQt and that other QtWidget framework.

2:25pm. No, Kivy is not good. It is too small. It does not even have charts, I am sure as hell not going to do my own chart widget.

Since I don't intent to develop for mobile, the extra UI stuff to support that is cruft for me.

Let me commit here."

---
## [grate-driver/linux](https://github.com/grate-driver/linux)@[d22407b322...](https://github.com/grate-driver/linux/commit/d22407b322d641719024c6e49539a0cddfd8541b)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 13:27:11 by Matthew Wilcox (Oracle)

mm: introduce and use mapping_empty

Patch series "Remove nrexceptional tracking", v2.

We actually use nrexceptional for very little these days.  It's a minor
pain to keep in sync with nrpages, but the pain becomes much bigger with
the THP patches because we don't know how many indices a shadow entry
occupies.  It's easier to just remove it than keep it accurate.

Also, we save 8 bytes per inode which is nothing to sneeze at; on my
laptop, it would improve shmem_inode_cache from 22 to 23 objects per
16kB, and inode_cache from 26 to 27 objects.  Combined, that saves
a megabyte of memory from a combined usage of 25MB for both caches.
Unfortunately, ext4 doesn't cross a magic boundary, so it doesn't save
any memory for ext4.

This patch (of 4):

Instead of checking the two counters (nrpages and nrexceptional), we can
just check whether i_pages is empty.

Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20201026151849.24232-1-willy@infradead.org
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20201026151849.24232-2-willy@infradead.org
Signed-off-by: Matthew Wilcox (Oracle) <willy@infradead.org>
Tested-by: Vishal Verma <vishal.l.verma@intel.com>
Acked-by: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Stephen Rothwell <sfr@canb.auug.org.au>

---
## [TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad)@[6d48716ea2...](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad/commit/6d48716ea22d701431ff2550b06d2161ce5c1435)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 14:36:28 by TwinkleInstituteAB

Create Becoming a Doctor From Russian Medical Colleges 2021 Twinkle InstituteAB

MBBS in Russia for Indian has became one in every of the best-suited countries for following MBBS. We have a tendency to all are cognizant of the very fact that Russia is one in every of the leading countries of the planet United Nations agency is known for its advanced teaching techniques. What the remainder of the country is attempting to implement it of Russia is already living in it.
There is little question that Russia is associate degree applicable country from each angle so as to pursue for a medical career. However since the country is incredibly advanced in technology and is known for victimization top-notch ways to show, folks would suppose that it’s terribly expensive and rather than selecting this country they’ll select any of the opposite country. However keeping apart the fable, Russia is actually a reasonable country for following associate degree MBBS in Russia.
The medicine study desires the medical instrumentation particularly once it involves explore concerning sensible data.

Indian medical students expect the time once they are given the live sensible sessions as a result of, in MBBS, sensible is what matters at the top and applying it ideally in their career. In Russia, they specialize in each theoritical and their sensible sessions that aren’t to be lost as a result of the engineering they use whereas teaching to their students. It’s the most reason why every year there are numerous medical aspirants from all round the globe go for obtaining an admission in Top Ten Medical University in Russia.
All the Russian medical institutes of life science are well recognized by the Medical Council of Bharat and are being listed underneath United Nations agency. A doctor graduated from any Top Universities in Russia for MBBS from any medication course is thought as a acknowledged and well-known doctor as expected round the world.
And the history itself speaks concerning it. Students United Nations agency are to Russia for achieving their MBBS degree are earning pretty fine in their careers and not simply learning however conjointly totally enjoying their faculty life in Russia. They will be at liberty as a result of no load of bearing serious expenses, vast donations. Also the semester system of Russia moreover as India are constant.
Russia is barely country renowned for its balanced population, their technology, their culture, and their tremendous beauty. The country is so one in every of the powerful and most important countries all round the world.
If we have a tendency to remark Russia, it’s placed in northern continent covering borders of the ocean in between the North Pacific ocean and Europe. It’s a population of 147 million folks that makes it qualified to occupy the ninth place among the world’s most inhabited countries list.
The country isn’t famed for its richness, well being and sweetness for creating it an ideal destination to travel except for their Russia Medical College also.
The country has several medical universities for MBBS study that are well recognized underneath the list of United Nations agency and MCI and are renowned for his or her world category MBBS Abroad education. That’s what makes the country distinctive and ideal to pursue MBBS from.
Every year, you’ll expect four thousand Indian medical students coming back to Russia for following MBBS degree in life science out of that, 2000 are presently finishing MBBS in Russia. Because of reasonable expenses and acknowledged faculties, Russia has forever been on a prime of a listing of Indians medical students to try to to MBBS from. India-Russia sensible relations has forever been the speak the city. However, it doesn’t depicts that there’s one thing wrong between these 2 countries.

It’s forever sensible to possess a healthy competition which is what these 2 countries is attempting to keep up. However as way as medical education thinks about, Russia is incredibly liberal and sort of hospitable to Indians. Each economic and cultural relations between these 2 countries are on sensible terms which can even be one in every of the most reasons why Russian medical students are forever kind and humble with USA. Since all the expenses is thus terribly reasonable, students don’t have to be compelled to consider before selecting the country for MBBS study and also the cherry on the cake is that you just won’t feel alone pr being left over as there are variety of Indian restaurants accessible in Russia wherever you’ll have your own country’s preparation. Study Medicine in Russia is valid in India moreover as in alternative countries. However rather like the other countries, you’re needed to clear the MCI test (FMGE) in India when that you’re geared up to start out your clinical follow as associate degree MBBS doctor in India. The degree isn’t simply valid in Bharat however conjointly in alternative countries like UK, US, Australia, Kingdom of Norway and in more moreover.

When passing the MCI take a look at, one will work anyplace be it in a very government sector or having your own personal one in Bharat. Since we have a tendency to all grasp that Russia may be a Christian country, the bulk of the general public follow solely Christianity. However because the country doesn’t believe discrimination and settle for all, you’ll simply realize some Pagan and Muslims there too aside from this, Judaism, Hinduism, Buddhism also are a part of the country however they belong to the minority sector. However once it involves the celebration, notwithstanding that faith does one follow, you’ll be absolve to celebrate your pageant blithely and you’ll realize Russian having joys too.

---
## [rzero9/mame](https://github.com/rzero9/mame)@[f05df6a511...](https://github.com/rzero9/mame/commit/f05df6a5112a27a7511d503110d14b70f24a370f)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 15:24:40 by r09

fmtowns_cd.xml: 13 new dumps, 12 replacements, 5 missing floppies added

- Added the missing floppy image to OASYS/Win 2.0 (still not working due to lack of DD floppy support) [cyo.the.vile]
- Replaced the psydet5 and psydetf1 floppy images with cleaner unmodified copies [cherokee]

New working software list additions
-----------------------------------
Alice no Yakata 3 (1995-05-16) [redump.org]
Battle [redump.org]
Ehon Writer V1.1 L10 [redump.org]
Half Moon ni Kawaru made - Ramiya Ryou no Nijiiro Tamatebako
[redump.org, wiggy2k]
Never Land [redump.org]
Oto to E no Deru Eigo Jisho No. 2 - English in Dream [redump.org]
Populous II - Trials of the Olympian Gods - Expert [redump.org]
Running Girls - Hashiri Onna II + Rance 4.1 / 4.2 Hint Disk [redump.org]
Scavenger 4 (HME-217B) [redump.org]
Soreike! Anpanman - Tanoshii Eigo Asobi [redump.org]
Toshiyuki Yoshino - Lullaby of BirdLand [redump.org]
True Heart (alt) [redump.org]
Viper GTS [redump.org]

Replaced software list items
----------------------------
Hanafuda de Pon! [redump.org]
Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis [redump.org]
King's Quest V - Absence Makes the Heart Go Yonder [redump.org]
Kyan Kyan Collection - Daifugouhen [redump.org]
Kyuukyoku Tiger [redump.org]
Legends of Valour - Gouyuu no Densetsu [redump.org]
Life &amp; Death II - The Brain [redump.org]
Menzoberranzan - Yami no Monshou [redump.org]
Oshiete Noobow [redump.org]
Princess Danger [redump.org]
Scavenger 4 (HME-217A) [redump.org]
Wrestle Angels Special [redump.org]

Software list items promoted to working
---------------------------------------
Nobunaga no Yabou - Sengoku Gun'yuuden [cherokee]
Windows 3.1 L11 [cyo.the.vile]

---
## [golemfactory/hackathons](https://github.com/golemfactory/hackathons)@[6803edfe0f...](https://github.com/golemfactory/hackathons/commit/6803edfe0f6df93fce60968ead916b26913cd9d2)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 15:48:26 by Costanza

Create READ.me

Algramo
Email address *
karol.gaete@algramo.com
Link to your MIT Solve solution *
Algramo 2020 Circular Economy Solver  
Can you describe your organization in less than 200 words? *
Algramo is a platform system that allows consumers to buy any product, at the fairest price, in the most convenient location with zero waste. We are currently working with Unilever, Nestle and Colgate keep their packaging in the economy and out of the environment. We use an app, IoT connected vending machines and smart packaging to provide our refill distribution system. We create tangible impact by lowering product costs by up to 40% for low-resource families and for the environment by keeping packaging waste out of our oceans.  

We created Packaging-as-a-Wallet (PaaW) that communicates with our IoT-connected vending-machines (ICVM) to dispense FMCG products into reusable packaging. Our ICVM are mounted on electric tricycles to provide Uber Eats like home REFILL of FMCG products. Currently piloting our technology with Unilever, Nestle and Colgate. Home REFILL eliminates reverse logistics-creating huge economic and environmental savings.

Our elimination of packaging waste and reverse logistic provides major savings-currently our Unilever detergent is 30% cheaper than regular Walmart price. Cost savings and customer reach of our FMCG partners, means our solution has potential to easily lock in millions of people into our convenient low cost distribution system for life's essentials.
Do you have a prototype/mock up? If so, please past here the link (If you don't have it, don't worry, email costanza@golem.network and we'll help you with this step)
I have a PPT deck that explains the app. I will email it to Costanza.
Can you describe what type of app/computation you need? (If you can't answer, don't worry, email costanza@golem.network and we'll help you with this step)
Our app is explained in the PPT deck that was emailed to Costanza. In order of most important: 1. Incorporate AI, machine learning and emotional recognition into our app and/or our dispenser softwares. 2. Develop a scoring model for customers that helps identify higher value customers. 3. Health agents for the platform system to detect potential errors before they happen and register errors or important issues with JIRA automatically. 
what's the best way for hackers to contact you? *
karol.gaete@algramo.com

---
## [danieljanis/Operating-Systems](https://github.com/danieljanis/Operating-Systems)@[3db2f8c632...](https://github.com/danieljanis/Operating-Systems/commit/3db2f8c632ee4d872aca9f3208cfe5b8585cd518)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 16:33:20 by danieljanis

Add files via upload

Author: Daniel Janis
Date: 11/5/20
Course: CS 4760-002
Project: Assignment 4 - Simulated OS Scheduler

PURPOSE:

		[oss.cpp] ./oss

 This program serves as the master process in an Simulated OS Scheduler.
 When this simulator starts running it will fork multiple children at random times.
 The randomness of these child processes being forked is created with the use of
 a clock which is stored in shared memory ("shmem") with seconds and nanoseconds.
 
 Inside of "shmem", a Process Table ("Pcb procs" inside of shared.h) of size 18 is
 created. Only 20 processes are allowed to be running at once, so we can only spawn 18
 children. Each of these indices contain a Process Control Block (struct Pcb in shared.h)
 which stores critical timing information about the current child processes in the system.
 The "Pcb" contains total CPU time, total time in the system, time used during the last
 burst, the local simulated pid and the process priority.

 Local to oss.cpp, a bitset named "bitv" of size 18 is created to help keep track of the
 process control blocks (simulated_PID's) that are already taken (1 if taken, 0 if not)

 This program will generate user processes at random intervals, based on the values 
 "MAX_TIME_SE"C and "MAX_TIME_NSEC" in shared.h

 Time is simulated in this system by incrementing the shared clock. If a child ./user_proc
 uses some time, this clock should be advanced to indicate the used time. If ./oss does 
 something that would take some time in a real OS, the clock should be advanced to indicate
 a small amount of time spent by ./oss.

 Once the random time to generate a new process has elapsed, this program will initialize
 the Pcb for the new process, and then fork the process. The child process wil execl 
 ./user_proc and this will happen about once every ~randomized~ second!

 This program controls concurrency for every ./user_proc. The main while() loop on line ###
 is where processes get set up, time is generated to launch a new process and then using
 the message queue (buf1) a process gets scheduled to run by sending a message! After sending
 that message, it waits to receive a message (buf2) which will contain information like:
 did the program get INTERRUPTED, or TERMINATE, or RUN FOR ITS FULL QUANTUM, along with the
 time that it ran in nanoseconds. If the process table is full (bitv is full of 1's), then
 a new random time to try to generate a new process is determinted. Every time the while() 
 loop actually loops, the clock gets advanced using the function "dispatcher_does_work()" 
 which simulates overhead activity in the system.

 SCHEDULING ALGORITHM (Multi-level Feedback Queue):
 Assuming there is more than one process in the system, a process from the highest priority
 queue at the very front of the queue is selected (unless all queues are empty) and it is
 scheduled to execute. There are 4 queues, queue1 is the highest priority and queue4 is the
 lowest. "queue1" has a quantum of QUANT_1 (from shared.h) and the quantum doubles every time
 a process gets moved down a level in the queues. 
    1. when a process used its entire quantum, move it down 1 priority queue
    2. if a process leaves a blocked queue (determined by a random time from 0-3 seconds and
       0-1000 nanoseconds PLUS the current time that is calculated whenever the process
       gets blocked) it gets moved to the highest priority queue (queue1)
 Once the process has been selected, it gets dispatched by sending the process a message (buf1)
 indicating how much of a quantum it has to run. Since this scheduling takes time, before launching
 the process ./oss should increment the clock for the amount of work that it did (100-1000 nanoseconds)

 This program ends and prints statistics to a log file whenever 100 processes have been generated, or
 whenever 3 real-life seconds have passed, or when CTRL+C is pressed.

         [user.cpp] ./user_proc

 This program gets the simulated PID that was passed from the main program and then it
 performs a calculation to see if it will terminate or not, where the chances to terminate
 are fairly low.

 If this random choice decides NOT to terminate, it goes into a while() loop where it will
 receive a message from the main program containing:
        1. simulated PID (which is why "simPID" was received from the execl in the main program)
              - this makes sure the msgrcv only looks for that simulated PID
        2. Priority level (this is the time quantum given to run)
 Once the message is received, a random 0 or 1 will decide if this child will run for its full
 quantum or for only part of its quantum (and then it calculates from [0, quantum] and sends
 this back in a message to the main program using msgsnd. Along with the quantum, if a process
 did not use its entire quantum, that means it got INTERRUPTED(1) and if a process did use its
 entire time then it would send back a RAN FULL QUANTUM(2), so that the main program knows how
 this child finished (1 or 2).

 If this random choice decides to TERMINATE(3), once the message is received containing how long
 of a time quantum this process was given, a random time from [0, quantum] is calculated
 representing how long this child process ran on the core before terminating. This random time 
 along with the message to termiante(3) get sent back to the main program using msgsnd.

 After all of this (if the choice was to terminate), this child process will terminate and
 free up the shared memory using shmdt(shmem);


USAGE:

[1] ./oss - runs the simulation

MAKEFILE:

[1] make
    
    * this will compile oss and user_proc for execution

[2] make clean

    * this will remove all object files and executables

[3] make clean-all

    * this will remove all object files, executables, and log files!

VERSION CONTROL:

I have used git for my version control during this assignment. Versioning is done
with git and I have committed changes as I progresses throughout this assignment.
The directory .get/ contains information. Type "git log --oneline" to see the
oneline version of the commit log.

COMMENTS:
 
    -- The logfile ("logfile.log") will contain the first 1994 lines of output from my simulated system,
       along with the final 6 lines representing how the system ran (statistics). So, a total of 2000 lines.

    -- Lines 532-572 can be uncommented inside of my oss.cpp to allow for the queues to be printed
       as the system runs, this was getting kind of hectic so I decided to just print the statistics
       to the screen once the simulation ended. 

    -- If a child process was forcibly terminated I no longer print or log any messages (I can add this
       back in if it was necessary)

    -- Currently as it is, this programs child processes will utilize the CPU core for
       roughly ~47% of its time in system. I have a feeling that this is due to the fact that when all of the
       queues are empty, I did not check each of the currently blocked processes to see if I could
       resume them, before incrementing the clock to the time where a new process would be generated.
       If what I am thinking was right, I could have done that to drastically cut down on the CPU idle
       time but unfortunately I thought about it way too late into having this thing running "properly"
       and I did not want to mess anything up just before submitting this assignment! I can always add this
       check in though, and hopefully reduce the idle time. Hopefully I got close enough to what you were
       expecting and I would like to take this time to apologize for how long my main() function is in oss.cpp.

---
## [ionescu77/myWebsite2](https://github.com/ionescu77/myWebsite2)@[635c7ae0b0...](https://github.com/ionescu77/myWebsite2/commit/635c7ae0b018e4d5b140e24d0e46b283445bcef6)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 16:33:35 by ionescu77

Change twitter (fuck you for blocking my twitter handle) to Stack Overflow

---
## [Dahlular/Hyper-Station-13](https://github.com/Dahlular/Hyper-Station-13)@[6871040573...](https://github.com/Dahlular/Hyper-Station-13/commit/6871040573db539654ad28e4c755bfda534ff870)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 16:42:47 by ToonClyde

holy fuck I done way too much

I need to stop before I start to hate everything I just did aaaa

---
## [makingglitches/CensusScripts](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts)@[60655d8fa5...](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts/commit/60655d8fa51fa44dc6c890de22ff880d88b3679a)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 17:17:42 by Magical Marvelous MADMADMAD Mister Mim !

at some point one would think these pieces of shit would do something different as well.

so proj may actually include the methods i want already written but in looking at the docs almost seems more of a pain in the ass to wrap them if they arent already than to just implement the conversion formulas myself.

apparently the distance, which i previously worked out and had discussions about for some reason in the completely identical fucking mindfuck are still the fucking same.

the difference between pyth and vincenty between conus albers and wgs84 arent very high at least in the one example i chose. however if that error propagates over long distances there is some question. will look at that next.
conus albers is supposedly extremely accurate, but then the method of converting between wgs84 and conus albers in the specific model also comes into question

89 meters is different enough when doing pedestrian calculations between only 11 miles of total distance.

that is significant enough especially if directions are being generated from landmarks and the like, as that was just ONE calculation, one straight line.

---
## [newstools/2021-sahara-reporters](https://github.com/newstools/2021-sahara-reporters)@[9479857ca7...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-sahara-reporters/commit/9479857ca783782a60b1ca182c47da5afd419698)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 18:37:17 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [saharareporters.com/2021/03/19/love-love-hamilton-slams-catholic-church-refusing-bless-same-sex-marriage]

---
## [pratyush1611/geo1016_asg2](https://github.com/pratyush1611/geo1016_asg2)@[d4771509b2...](https://github.com/pratyush1611/geo1016_asg2/commit/d4771509b2d28724b223efc5a3ed1e5d36846537)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 19:44:31 by Pratyush Kumar

determinant is 1 for R finally, fucking idiotic W matrix had 2 values swapped.

Also changed implementation in the essentialinator

removed unnecessary lines aand replaced with loop of simple recycling of variables

---
## [joshingmachine/dotfiles](https://github.com/joshingmachine/dotfiles)@[069e881b12...](https://github.com/joshingmachine/dotfiles/commit/069e881b12c98d2e028e5c5ea9101a27b2e78abb)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 19:46:37 by joshingmachine

I'm a tab person now, reasoning in body

From https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript/comments/c8drjo/nobody_talks_about_the_real_reason_to_use_tabs/

Nobody talks about the real reason to use Tabs over Spaces

hello,

i've been slightly dismayed, that in every tabs-vs-spaces debate i can
find on the web, nobody is talking about the accessibility consequences
for the visually impaired

let me illustrate with a quick story, why i irrevocably turned from a
spaces to tabs guy

- i recently worked at a company that used tabs

- i created a new repository, and thought i was being hip and modern,
so i started to evangelize spaces for the 'consistency across
environments'

- i get approached by not one, but TWO coworkers who unfortunately are
highly visually impaired,
    and each has a different visual impairment

	- one of them uses tab-width 1 because he uses such a gigantic
font-size

	- the other uses tab-width 8 and a really wide monitor

	- these guys have serious problems using codebases with spaces,
they have to convert, do their work, and then unconvert before
committing

	- these guys are _not_ just being fussy — it's almost surprising
they can code at all, it's kind of sad to watch but also inspiring

- at that moment, i instantaneously conceded — there's just no
counter-argument that even comes close to outweighing the accessibility
needs of valued coworkers

- 'consistency across environments' is exactly the problem for these
guys, they have different needs

- just think of how rude and callous it would be to overrule these
fellas needs for my precious "consistency when i post on stack overflow"

- so what would you do, spaces people, if you were in charge? overrule
their pleas?

from that moment onward, i couldn't imagine writing code in spaces under
the presumption that "nobody with visual impairment will ever need to
work with this code, probably", it's just a ridiculous way to think,
especially in open-source

i'll admit though, it's a pain posting tabs online and it gets bloated
out with an unsightly default 8 tab-width — however, can't we see
clearly that this is a deficiency with websites like github and
stackoverflow and reddit here, where viewers are not easily able to
configure their own preferred viewing tab-width? websites and web-apps
obviously have the ability to set their own tab width via css, and so
ultimately, aren't we all making our codebases worse as a workaround for
the deficiencies in these websites we enjoy? why are these code-viewing
apps missing basic code-viewing features?

in the tabs-vs-spaces debate, i see people saying "tabs lets us
customize our tab-width", as though we do this "for fun" — but this is
about meeting the real needs of real people who have real impairments —
how is this not seen as a simple cut-and-dry accessibility issue?

i don't find this argument in online debates, and wanted to post there
here out in the blue as a feeler, before i start ranting like this to my
next group of coworkers ;)

is there really any reason, in favor of spaces, that counter balances
the negative consequences for the visually impaired?

cheers friends,

👋 Chase

---
## [ChoGGi/SurvivingMars_CheatMods](https://github.com/ChoGGi/SurvivingMars_CheatMods)@[25ae4b3cda...](https://github.com/ChoGGi/SurvivingMars_CheatMods/commit/25ae4b3cdaeebf93579d215a99ce612c7235d2d9)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 20:30:46 by ChoGGi

Expanded Cheat Menu:
### Changed:
- Made funcs use either mouse or gamepad for positions.

### Fixed:
- Cheats pane>AddDust: Removed some dupes.

Lib:
- Made funcs use either mouse or gamepad for positions.

Autonomous Drones 0.9:
A very stupid bug... (prefabs work now)

Disable Annoying Sounds 0.5:
Seeker and Sensor rovers
Rare Metals Extractor
Select Building Sound
Biorobotics Workshop
Research Complete
Cold Wave Crackling

Disable Mouse 0.4:
Every in-game hour hide the mouse.

Fix Rocket Stuck 1.8:
Trade rockets stuck in orbit?

MDS Laser Cheats:
Pew pew pew!

Passages Use Empty Hexes 0.7:
Uneven ground may leave you with half a passage you can't remove.
There's now a loadgame cehck to remove them.

Remove Landscaping Limit 0.6:
Mod option to landscape out of bounds.

Now uses either mouse or gamepad for positions:
Click To Move Camera
Construction Show Dome Passage Line
Defence Towers Attack DustDevils
Drones Harvest Rocks
Minimap
Mononoke Shishigami
Multi-Select
Personal Shuttles
RC Remote
Salvage Vegetation
Spice Harvester

github@choggi.org

---
## [BattleSkorpion/nadivided-dev](https://github.com/BattleSkorpion/nadivided-dev)@[57edcfff6f...](https://github.com/BattleSkorpion/nadivided-dev/commit/57edcfff6f2286402d9b9163e35a0fddca38f604)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 21:20:18 by QuickFingers

cali part 4

fuck you shark for making it difficult to use oregon tags

---
## [dalgwen/mycroft-core](https://github.com/dalgwen/mycroft-core)@[f119ca49ad...](https://github.com/dalgwen/mycroft-core/commit/f119ca49ad7e7733a357333174d256f7bca12115)
#### Friday 2021-03-19 23:22:48 by dalgwen

 Ability to play sound instead of utterance

==== Fixed Issues ====
 issue-2755 - Ability to play sound instead of an utterance :
Ability to use sound for all "final" dialog, and not only error one. Several sounds could be used (all listed in the "sounds" parameter)
This PR is also extended to allow skill developer  to use their own sound

====  Tech Notes ====

    Add a new method parameter in the speak method for skills to declare if an utterance is final : ("outcome_type"). The possible values are constrained by those available in the "sounds" dictionnary parameter in mycroft.conf.

    Adding a second parameter "custom_sound" (path to a wav or mp3) for skills to use their own sound, and not only the basic "sounds" from Mycroft. I thought about merging the two parameters, but I think they serve different purposes (one is more a meta information about the utterance, the other is a custom sound for broader use). But I could change this, of course.

    How Mycroft choose between a sound and the utterance ? :
    .. If the utterance is empty (None), the sound will be used. It's the way for the skill developper to force sound.
    .. If uterrance is set and outcome_type or custom_sound is set, then Mycroft will check the new parameters (skills_pref_sound to check if the current skills is in the list, or always_pref_sound for a global parameter). If one of this parameter matches, then the sound will be used.
    .. In all other cases, the uterrance will be used.

    Add a new error sound. (quite horrible, sorry. It's the wakeword sound, reversed)

    Change some TTS because I changed the tts execute signature : they originally overrode a method they should not, in my opinion. If my guess is good they should override the inner _execute method and not the main public one.

====  Documentation Notes ====
Two new parameters can force Mycroft to do feedback with a brief sound instead of a complete utterance :
skills.skills_pref_sound: a list of skills who should use sound. Use the class name.
always_pref_sound: boolean to force Mycroft to use sound for feedback, wherever it is possible.
Skill developers must tag their "speak" method with the "outcome_type" or "custom_sound" to use this functionnality

==== Localization Notes ====
NONE

==== Environment Notes ====
NONE

==== Protocol Notes ====
NONE

---

# [<](2021-03-18.md) 2021-03-19 [>](2021-03-20.md)

