# [<](2021-01-04.md) 2021-01-05 [>](2021-01-06.md)

3,732,208 events, 1,370,210 push events, 2,148,714 commit messages, 172,775,101 characters


## [DuskTheUmbreon/OoT-Randomizer@719ad9fadb...](https://github.com/DuskTheUmbreon/OoT-Randomizer/commit/719ad9fadb57013456cb025d42627c6e9a453ae1)
##### 2021-01-05 02:44:51 by Dusk

I hate this stupid crater

Heat timers were a mistake

Shuffles some stuff around for ER reasons and adds a missing megaflip. I'm doing more here later. I probably just need to sort DMC out and fix it all, because there's some very weird shit and I think something is connected in a way it shouldn't be.

Also updates Zora areas to add some missing stuff.

Next line to update is 1537, 101 in the pastebin

---
## [team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage@c86c2b1609...](https://github.com/team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage/commit/c86c2b16093820fa87f4123c3feef53f8254beb6)
##### 2021-01-05 04:37:45 by bageldotjpg

not fucking happy

* first of all, this doesnt compile. you should NOT be using javafx
* second of all, there are so many comments, for so much obvious shit
* third of all the formatting of comments is so inconsistent is ugly
* fourth, keep the packages consistent with other mods
this file is still a mess

---
## [BioOnPC/Metamorphosis@23594f492e...](https://github.com/BioOnPC/Metamorphosis/commit/23594f492e4af357de5fc42a9804b72c0fd20ef7)
##### 2021-01-05 06:51:50 by BioOnPC

CURSED MUTATIONS WOOOOO YEAHHH

- Added 7 cursed mutations! PLEASE test these out bro they're weirdy
- Added Secret Stash, a new mutation for use with defpack
- Grace clears bullets on a successful dodge! Should also be much more performant
- Racing Thoughts reduces your reload twice as much now
- Arsenal Style now spits health packs with Crown of Protection
- Turtle Shell no longer affects the damage the player deals

---
## [JJawesomeJJ/jjawesome-3d@6bf5a14387...](https://github.com/JJawesomeJJ/jjawesome-3d/commit/6bf5a14387277a1d456b8302fbe0610a11e11f3d)
##### 2021-01-05 11:55:26 by zhaolijie

-water----normal life --
--single life how long will continue
--No mater how sadness of the life remember you are petty unique boy
--fight young man the futher may be darkness but don't be fear,remember the beauty will always wait for you in the some which is not far away --2020-12-15

---
## [sawich/OpenWorker@dc68181117...](https://github.com/sawich/OpenWorker/commit/dc68181117e27e324bd33c9376f07ccf67136a53)
##### 2021-01-05 13:14:06 by sawich

fix fucking character list opcode  name, i hate my life; update decoder file appearance

---
## [Arthurb101/web-homework@94d66ee995...](https://github.com/Arthurb101/web-homework/commit/94d66ee995036e8fc1e6794cffe3c4dad916a96b)
##### 2021-01-05 16:00:45 by arthurb101

sorry for the long commit message I relaise this would have been easier with mutiple commits with the different parts of my code, like I would do in proffesional environment.
I havnt coded using pheonix before so I ended up breaking alot of things and just making everything work was an accomplishment in itself.

objectives:
frontend:
-added transaction modal to add transactions
-added a transaction table to show the transactions
-added bulma css library to give the site style and life
-added a UI and generated several graphql hooks to query and mutate the database
-added a currency rate functionality to allow user's to convert the currency in the transactions table. this uses an API to pull the latest currency convertion rates.
backend:
-added a method to seed the database useing seeds.ex file, however it only seeds companies, users, and merchants the UI should be used to create transactions
-added the companies schema
-added amount type in ./homework/transactions/amount to allow users to enter a transaction with decimals.

bonus:
-fixed the bug in transactions to allow users to add credit and update to credit. I resolved this bug by adding credit to the transactions changeset
-fixed; this may or may not be a bug but in elixir route you have it set up to accept requests from '/graphiql' but on the frontend apollo client you have it setup to
 request from '/graphql'

Notes:
elixir and graphql were fairly new to me so I may have done some things without using best practices or done in the hardest way. I did this project in elixir vs Node to show
that I'm a quick learner and not my experience with elixier, so keep that in mind. One last item I spent quite a bit of time on this project but can only spend so much time. So
there are alot of functionality missing from this project mainly error catching that I would always have on a production site, just keep that in mind. Other than that enjoy and
feel free to ask me question regarding this project when we chat.

---
## [Arthurb101/web-homework@1f79b613c0...](https://github.com/Arthurb101/web-homework/commit/1f79b613c0f0f2c52c9f54d39c8b96e67e921deb)
##### 2021-01-05 16:25:37 by arthurb101

sorry for the long commit message I relaise this would have been easier with mutiple commits with the different parts of my code, like I would do in proffesional environment.
I havnt coded using pheonix before so I ended up breaking alot of things and just making everything work was an accomplishment in itself.

objectives:
frontend:
-added transaction modal to add transactions
-added a transaction table to show the transactions
-added bulma css library to give the site style and life
-added a UI and generated several graphql hooks to query and mutate the database
-added a currency rate functionality to allow user's to convert the currency in the transactions table. this uses an API to pull the latest currency conversion rates.
backend:
-added a method to seed the database useing seeds.ex file, however it only seeds companies, users, and merchants the UI should be used to create transactions
-added the companies schema
-added amount type in ./homework/transactions/amount to allow users to enter a transaction with decimals.

bonus:
-fixed the bug in transactions to allow users to add credit and update to credit. I resolved this bug by adding credit to the transactions changeset
-fixed; this may or may not be a bug but in elixir route you have it set up to accept requests from '/graphiql' but on the frontend apollo client you have it setup to
 request from '/graphql'

Notes:
elixir and graphql were fairly new to me so I may have done some things without using best practices or done in the hardest way. I did this project in elixir vs Node to show
that I'm a quick learner and not my experience with elixier, so keep that in mind. One last item I spent quite a bit of time on this project but can only spend so much time. So
there are alot of functionality missing from this project mainly error catching that I would always have on a production site, just keep that in mind. Other than that enjoy and
feel free to ask me question regarding this project when we chat.

---
## [TheObserver-sys/tgstation@3f118f4f77...](https://github.com/TheObserver-sys/tgstation/commit/3f118f4f777e2cded11529e74bfcae0733f58e08)
##### 2021-01-05 17:17:07 by Qustinnus

damn man i just want grill and they took it away, damn them all!!! (#55024)

Whoever the damn bastard is who tried to take our grills. know this: we will not bend over while you take the only thing that still makes us happy. We just want to drink energy drinks and grill some hamburgers in peace. This is your final warning, try doing this again and we will assemble a lawn mower squad outside of your house at the early hours of 6AM to make sure you cannot enjoy your sunday morning in peace.

Newfood compatibility is now included by checking IS_EDIBLE() and removing the shitty foodtype that was there before

---
## [TheObserver-sys/tgstation@86d273b63e...](https://github.com/TheObserver-sys/tgstation/commit/86d273b63e78a0f949957d0bdcac12bb6dfbb558)
##### 2021-01-05 17:17:07 by LemonInTheDark

Logs pockets, updates some shitty stripping verbage (#55027)

Two things at hand here.
A: Pockets were not logged at all. I hate god.
B: I'm using log_message here because it gives me the freedom to be more grammatically correct. Please attack my spelling and offer suggestions of other mob strip panel things to log in the comments
B.5: I updated stripping to use log_message for the same reasons.

---
## [dme65/botorch@17ad4fe55b...](https://github.com/dme65/botorch/commit/17ad4fe55bae04fc590ca183ec7404c53f41926c)
##### 2021-01-05 18:09:46 by Neeraj Pradhan

Apply transform to constrain RBFKernel lengthscale in LCEMGP (#643)

Summary:
## Motivation

This adds a transform to `UniformPrior` in `LCEMGP` class to convert real values to constrained values in `[0, 2]`. Otherwise, with distribution validation enabled (which will be the default once https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/48743 is merged), this throws an error in `Uniform.log_prob` method. We were facing this issue in an internal FB test that uses botorch.

While this fixes the specific issue, my thinking is that this transform should ideally be applied automatically within `gpytorch.priors`. That said, my understanding of the codebase is very limited, so would love to hear others' thoughts on this.

### Have you read the [Contributing Guidelines on pull requests](https://github.com/pytorch/botorch/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)?

Yes

Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/botorch/pull/643

Test Plan:
Turned `Distribution.set_default_validate_args(True)` and succesffully ran `test_contextual_multioutput.py: ContextualMultiOutputTest.testLCEMGP` with a fixed seed and increased `maxiter` (this test fails without the fix).

cc Balandat

Reviewed By: qingfeng10

Differential Revision: D25699129

Pulled By: Balandat

fbshipit-source-id: 0485bbaa5db551fcab122119acd53549b9a5f166

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge@d86277de03...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/d86277de034b5c3f42b332b92da83b15eeb42c55)
##### 2021-01-05 18:48:32 by Nikita Voloboev

automation dna viruses books cloud-computing cryptocurrencies ethereum databases postgresql prometheus design-inspiration user-experience observability distributed-systems finance investing learning chess minecraft risc-v hardware coffee keyboards internationalization xcode macOS datasets pytorch machine-learning generative-adversarial-networks neural-networks management geometry lean math type-theory music-production graphql nginx rabbitmq nlp github-actions github docker kubernetes homekit ios linux funny brew nix podcasts clojure-libraries clojure clojurescript coq cpp-libraries fsharp go haskell-libraries haskell javascript js-libraries react-components react-hooks react-native threejs vue julia-libraries julia scheme nim python-libraries rust-libraries swiftui typescript functional-programming interactive-computing json programming software-architecture software-testing research-papers blogs sleep streaming emacs vim-plugins roam-research tools twitter unix nodejs markdown

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@0372def21e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0372def21e959e9796cba6793492c59a895f9549)
##### 2021-01-05 19:08:52 by Marko Grdinić

"4:55pm. I've gathered my determination.

My worst enemies right now are my regrets and my loneliness. It really struck me during the recent chapters of RI, how well the split souls of the Spectral Soul Demon Venerable got along. If he would kill all the humans and replaced them with soul clones, he could create an utopia - at least relative to low-trust human society in that setting. It is highly ironic given his nature that he could put himself in a position where he could target such a goal.

In real life, the biggest obstacle to immortality is that death leads to the loss of all the skills and memories of a person. But surprisingly the setting has souls, and there are Gu which can transfer skills and memories.

Seeing those guys sacrifice themselves for one another, pursue the goal of opposing heaven and having a connection to their main body really strikes at my weakness and a deeply held desire.

Compared to them, the ordinary humans are just vermin.

5pm. One thing I particularly find hard to believe in RI is that killing Gu masters leads to them self destructing the Gu on their person. I really find it hard to believe that in the one second the guy has left to live he would use up on an act of spite towards his enemy instead of struggling to live longer. It would be more realistic if the author used some kind of self-destruct Gu as a prop instead.

This kind of mentality is just too hardcore even in a gritty setting such as RI's.

5:05pm. Back to my loneliness - I really did have fun in 2018 when I exceeded my old efforts from 2016.

What are bonds between people - ultimately feelings. Souls do not exist in the real world, there isn't some object that is you. But there is a concept of self in one's mind. This is a key point of why the self improvement loop is possible once you throw out the misconceptions what the self should be.

The secret of consciousness will never be discovered. Instead the only thing that that exists is the perception of it. And perception is what can change.

Right now I am wallowing in loneliness, but ultimately that is just perception. And since it is that, I can only ask myself how to close the perceptual gap with the agents I am making.

I've been thinking about the future, and after a year of work, I will be able to fully implement the agents using the new chips. The Spiral will be there, the chips will be there, I will have the monetary resources that I need.

But still, the way ML currently works is too shallow to really become 'bonded' with the agents. Right now they are just simple optimization processes and the principles of hierarchical learning have barely been touched upon. The understanding is missing.

I imagine how such a hierarchy would look like, and I am sure that to the agents within it would have the strong perception of unity and purpose.

Even in my regular programming I've felt such a trend. The stronger my skills as a programmer, the closer I feel to the machine. Even just the lackluster learning capabilities and algorithms of today are a huge step up from manually specifying things.

Why does my body feel like it is my own? What makes the arms that I can move, a part of myself?

What you can control is ultimately what you can bond with. What helps you is what you love.

If I attain a greater level as a programmer, the bond with machines will become stronger and I will be less lonely as a result. I'll be able to learn a lot from watching machines control other machines. That is the level that lies beyond the current one in AI.

5:20pm. This task of creating Spiral is just me trying to create the smallest possible lever that can move the world.

This is just programming on the surface.

The real programming will be about putting the agents on a right trajectory and playing with them. The real programming today is the process of learning that I am going through.

5:25pm. A part of me is thinking - will this really work out right?

This is just the voice of my dejection.

I should not be ashamed of my greed. I will get the monetary rewards from following my path.

And I will have fun exceeding my old highs.

Spiral is the true language of computation. I won't regret chosing to master it. It is the others who should regret for not making it.

5:30pm. I can't let this minor serialization challenge stop me here. The fun stuff will soon come up. Just being able to get to the top of the present level would give me so many benefits.

Absolutely freedom is what I should strive towards, not getting a job. I won't get freedom from not working. I won't get freedom from just working either. Freedom is following one's own path.

Let me add a few paragraphs to the docs and then I will start work on the first serialization library. I'll make it a test.

6:45pm. Just finished lunch.

Do I want to continue at this stage. I put down a few paragraphs. I am actually surprised myself that the flow is leading me into doing pickler combinators. But that is good.

6:55pm. Let me take a break here. Maybe I'll do some programming later.

7pm. Let me see if I can draw out something more from my mind.

7:35pm. Let me stop here at 2.5k. I can't go on anymore. I did get a bit extra out.

7:40pm. This is the usual pattern for me. Whenever I need to start something big that I haven't done before, I need to spend time gathering my motivation. If I encounter something similar in the future I will be able to benefit from the experience.

Serialization is worth tackling seriously as I will definitely be using it in the future. If not me, then the users, and the way to implement serialization will be an excellent reference.

7:45pm. I should in fact fit both serialization example into the docs.

7:55pm. I'll close here as I am tired, but now I do feel stoked at taking on this challenge. I should be able to properly take it on tomorrow. In a few days, both the relevant sections in the docs and the examples themselves will be done, along with extending the language. After that will come proofreading, and filling out any of the things I've missed so far. I'll add some links to F# tutorials for the beginners, the kind programmer who never heard of union types or pattern matching before.

8pm. Tomorrow, I will definitely finish the pickler combinator section at least. But what kind of ops I should add to the language is still vague to me. One of the reason I've been tense today is because I am still running that through my mind. My vision should clear up, once I get the rest out of the way."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@ee50b1cf0a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/ee50b1cf0ac03463049ff9d1e12cf6d5f6107ae1)
##### 2021-01-05 19:08:52 by Marko Grdinić

"11:05am. Yesterday I had to stop 5 chapter till the end of vol 5 as I was too tired. Let me read them now.

12:05pm. That was too good. I love how every volume end is such a slaughterfest. I am going to give Reverend Insanity a pause for a month. 1022 chapters is enough.

12:25pm. Let me have breakfast here.

12:55pm. Let me do the chores here. After that I'll get started on the docs.

1:40pm. Done with chores. Now I can finally get started.

Let me turn off the router.

1:45pm. I need to gather my thoughts for a bit. The next part of the docs is serialization. I need two different kinds - one for regular pickling and one that is like the scheme I used in the old Spiral for passing data to the NNs.

This will take language changes so I am feeling pressured. I won't be able to do all of this today. Instead I will have to give it more time.

I need to steel my mind. Forget the future. Forget the chips. Once I can do serialization in all its forms, it is then that Spiral will be truly complete.

1:50pm. I keep thinking back to GADTs and am feeling confused as to why I decided to leave them out. Only by looking back in the journal have I been reminded about the impossible cases. Yeah, now I remember it. GADTs would require dependent pattern matching. I completely forgot about this. Great, now I can put it out of mind again.

1:55pm. I am going to have to redesign the language a little in order to make it more capable at serialization.

2pm. I really do not feel like starting work right away at all. I just want to sharpen my intent today.

After I do serialization, everything that I wanted to cover in the docs will have been covered. Past this point there should be no more extensions to the partial evaluator. And the language has been put through its paces.

I am making strong progress.

v2 is indeed harder than v0.09. If I had to recreate all of this from scratch it would take me at least 3 months. But even without experience, the design is good enough that it can be considered a man year of work. This meets one of my goals. If Spiral was 10 man years, it would not be tractable.

2:05pm. Let me take a short break here.

2:20pm. I am back.

2:25pm. Why am I having trouble starting here?

Because docs are almost over. After the next step is made, it will almost be time to start the sponsor search. I'll deal with serialization, but putting in the comments is an UI change instead of a language change.

2:30pm. Sigh. I started the docs 1.5 weeks ago, and said that it would be a long journey that would take the whole of January, but now I can already see the end in sight.

Let me go to bed for a while here. Then I will gather my resolve and start work on serialization. Once I start, it will become my singular obsession until it is done to satisfaction. I won't cut any corners here.

I've been really been indulging myself lately and it has slackened my spirit. I need to take some time off from the screen in order to remember the desire that drives me.

2:40pm. I feel a restlessness that fatigues me. The works becomes routine. At first it keeps you going, but then it becomes a harpy screaming at you that unless you work, you are worthless.

Every once in a while, it is good to take some time off in order to remember why you are working in the first place.

All this time I've been working on the docs, I've been working on the language, and I've been thinking what my principles should be when it comes to future social interaction. But today I should take some time to internalize the feeling of accomplishment."

---

# [<](2021-01-04.md) 2021-01-05 [>](2021-01-06.md)

