# [<](2021-01-23.md) 2021-01-24 [>](2021-01-25.md)

2,009,923 events, 1,147,014 push events, 1,630,433 commit messages, 104,013,158 characters


## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[19f27c3d5d...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/19f27c3d5d2f16716833ca56fd3fcf1338a39d2b)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 00:07:24 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 1/24/2021 12:00:00 AM

 1. Added: Big Tech Censorship
    (https://objectivedissent.org/2021/01/22/big-tech-censorship/)
 2. Added: My setup for using Twitter without hating it
    (https://qotoqot.com/blog/twitter-setup/)
 3. Added: Simulation is easy, probability is hard...
    (https://magnusross.github.io/posts/mc/)
 4. Added: Technological stagnation: Why I came around
    (https://rootsofprogress.org/technological-stagnation)
 5. Added: Moral basis for regulating social platforms
    (https://solus.life/writing/moral-basis-for-regulating-social-platforms.html)
 6. Added: Sweden will have a lower death rate in 2020 than it had in 2010
    (https://philip.greenspun.com/blog/2021/01/04/sweden-will-have-a-lower-death-rate-in-2020-than-it-had-in-2010/)
 7. Added: Product idea: verifiable digital document sharing
    (https://lord.technology/2021/01/23/product-idea-verifiable-digital-document-sharing.html)

Generation took: 00:07:14.4519353

---
## [towerhufham/towerhufham.github.io](https://github.com/towerhufham/towerhufham.github.io)@[106bc5fe4a...](https://github.com/towerhufham/towerhufham.github.io/commit/106bc5fe4a682ee9701461371b9ea3b7015f9e85)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 00:18:52 by towerhufham

YEAH BOI NOW WE'RE COOKING HELL YEAH THIS IS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT REAL SHIT BOI REAL SHIT

---
## [Jad-Panjaitan/Coding-Challenge-S21](https://github.com/Jad-Panjaitan/Coding-Challenge-S21)@[8a4d66327f...](https://github.com/Jad-Panjaitan/Coding-Challenge-S21/commit/8a4d66327f39c325f91a83c70a39595319a4f5f5)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 00:46:45 by Jad-Panjaitan

Completed!

## No Collaboration Policy

**You may not collaborate with anyone on this challenge.** You _are_ allowed to use Internet documentation. If you _do_ use existing code (either from Github, Stack Overflow, or other sources), **please cite your sources in the README**.

## Submission Procedure

Please follow the below instructions on how to submit your answers.

1. Create a **public** fork of this repo and name it `ACM-Research-Coding-Challenge-S21`. To fork this repo, click the button on the top right and click the "Fork" button.
2. Clone the fork of the repo to your computer using `git clone [the URL of your clone]`. You may need to install Git for this (Google it).
3. Complete the Challenge based on the instructions below.
4. Submit your solution by filling out this [form](https://acmutd.typeform.com/to/uqAJNXUe).

## Question One

Genome analysis is the identification of genomic features such as gene expression or DNA sequences in an individual's genetic makeup. A genbank file (.gb) format contains information about an individual's DNA sequence. The following dataset in `Genome.gb` contains a complete genome sequence of Tomato Curly Stunt Virus.

**With this file, create a circular genome map and output it as a JPG/PNG/JPEG format.** We're not looking for any complex maps, just be sure to highlight the features and their labels.

**You may use any programming language you feel most comfortable. We recommend Python because it is the easiest to implement. You're allowed to use any library you want to implement this**, just document which ones you used in this README file. Try to complete this as soon as possible.

Regardless if you can or cannot answer the question, provide a short explanation of how you got your solution or how you think it can be solved in your README.md file. However, we highly recommend giving the challenge a try, you just might learn something new!

----------------------------------------------
JADDYN'S SUMMARY

The first thing I did was look for libraries that could help in graphing a circular genome, because I am not willing to do all that work myself. I came across a few, but I had trouble
finding something that could fit the bill.

Then I came across this Java package called cgview.jar, created by Paul Stothard and David Wishart. I'll cite it below.
Input requires specially-formatted files, of either .xml extension or.tab extension; in turn it spits out a circular genome.

It would have been simpler to manually write a .tab file, given the small size of the viral genome, but I wanted to try the harder route.

In order to generate the .xml file for cgview.jar, you must run the Perl script cgview_xml_builder.pl, which is included in the project's GitHub.

I used Strawberry Perl's CPAN functionalities to download the modules needed to run the Perl script, but I ran into a problem: one of the modules did not download correctly,
due to some changes in Perl back in 2015. I tried tweaking the module's files, to no avail. Instead, I used a legacy version of Strawberry Perl (5.24.0.1), which in turn comes
with the legacy version of Perl I needed to download the module correctly.

After that, I could parse and extract the Genome.gb data into a test.xml file which, when run through cgview.jar, would generate a map.

But something didn't seem right -- all the genes were overlapping each other. I searched the Internet for a way to make the genes display separately, to no
no avail. It seems that the creator of CGView did not account for overlapping genes!

Instead, I had to tinker with the .xml file itself, manually wrapping gene in these <featureSlot> </featureSlot> things, also sprucing up the graph with colors and contrast while I was at
it. I don't know how XML works, but what matters is that I achieved my goal, right? It did render expediting the parsing process to the Perl script moot, though.

Then I found http://cgview.ca/, which would have taken my Genome.gb file and spat out the map I wanted in under a minute.

But I don't think either of us would be satisfied with that, haha --

----------------------------------------------
JADDYN'S POST-CHALLENGE REMARKS

1. Troubleshooting the map, figuring why such and such wasn't working or displaying correctly, was probably the toughest part of this challenge.
2. Fixing the broken Perl module and figuring out how terminals work was also pretty tough. But everything is easier in hindsight.
3. molbiol-tools.ca/Genomics.htm has a LOT of genome-related map stuff. So CGView isn't the only way to go about it.
4. I wonder how Aditya did it using Python on repl.it? Perhaps it would've been easier if I didn't decide to go the CGView route...
----------------------------------------------
CITATIONS

CGView --
	Version -> 2.02, 2020-06-21
	APA Citation -> Stothard, P., & Wishart, D. S. (2005). Circular genome visualization and exploration using CGView. Bioinformatics (Oxford, England), 21(4), 537–539.
	https://doi.org/10.1093/bioinformatics/bti054

	GitHub link -> https://github.com/paulstothard/cgview

Tie::IxHash module --
	Version -> 1.23
	Author -> Gurusamy Sarathy, gsar@umich.edu

Bio::SeqIO module --
	Version -> 1.7.7
	Author -> Ewan Birney, birney@ebi.ac.uk
	Author -> Lincoln Stein, lstein@cshl.org

Bio::SeqUtils module --
	Version -> 1.7.7
	Author -> Heikki Lehvaslaiho, heikki-at-bioperl-dot-org
	Contributors -> Roy R. Chaudhuri, roy.chaudhuri@gmail.com
	Contributors -> Frank Schwach, frank.schwach@sanger.ac.ul

----------------------------------------------
JADDYN'S WORK NOTES

I wonder if I should just take the codon datas and generate a plasmid map using that.
That's the simple solution, but I want to see if I can make a program that takes in a GenBank file and spits out a circular genome map. Also why are these break lines so long? I need a mouse

Things we need have asterisk:

*Locus name (the GenBank code for the virus): NC_004675
*Length: 2766 bp (base pairs)
GenBank Divison: VRL == viral sequences
Last Edited: 13-AUG 20
*Features (information about genes and gene products):
*ALSO include the loci!
	Source: bp 1 to bp 2766
		Organism Name: "Tomato blah blah blah"
		Molecule Type: genomic DNA
		Database crossreference: Taxon 128941
		Country: South Africa
	Gene: bp 139 to 480
		Gene: V2
		Locus tag: ToCSVgp1
		Database crossreference: 1460809
	CDS (coding sequences): bp 139 to 480
		Gene: same
		Locus tag: same
		Codon start: 1 (? what does that mean)
		Product: V2 Protein
		Protein ID: NP_8171151
		Database crossreference: same
		Translation (the actual amino acids that the base pairs code): MWDPLLNEFPDSVHGFRCMLAVKYLQSVEATYEPNTLGHDLIRD
                     LILVIRAKDYVEASRRYNHFHARLEGAEKAELRQPVHQPCCCPHCPRHKQATIMDVQA
                     HVSKAQDVQNV
	Gene: bp 299 to 1075 etc etc
	CDS: etc etc
	Gene: complement (1072.. 1476)
	CDS: complement (1072.. 1476)
	ETC more genes.. more CDS...

So what does "complement (bp range)" mean?

	(complement)  indicates that the feature is on the complementary strand

	Example:    complement(3300..4037)
	The feature extends from base 3300 through base 4037 but is actually on the complementary strand.
	It is therefore read in the opposite direction on the reverse complement sequence.
	In this case, the amino acid translation is generated by taking the reverse complement of bases 3300 to 4037 and reading that reverse complement sequence in its 5' to 3' direction

	ESSENTIALLY the arrow points other way.

What is GC Content, GC Skew +, GC Skew -?

	They all relate to the amount of Guanine-Cytosine bases in the frame. The skews are just a way to represent the relative amount of GC Content. Skews are interesting because they
	typically relate to leading and lagging strands.

Why aren't the labels showing?
	I need to specify to show gene and feature labels when I build the .xml file using that Perl script.

Why are all of the genes blending together?

	I don't know.

	UPDATE: I do know.
	I have to edit the .xml file I generated, and put each gene wrapped in <featureSlot> </featureSlot>. A bit troublesome, yes.

Why aren't the labels showing AGAIN?
	Because you were tinkering around with font size, you made the labels too large to display. The map is too small. Make it bigger.

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[ef60f54214...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/ef60f54214d4315c9b48f659a6c95f754222a2ca)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 02:10:45 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-01-23: See data notes for important messages.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

Upcoming changes (specific dates to be announced soon):

- The data structure of time series data will change in response to user feedback. This will only consist of adding additional columns to make the data easier to work with. The core columns will remain the same, for now. More details to follow. Initially, the updated dataset will be provided alongside the new dataset. After a time, the new data format will completely replace the old format.

Recent changes:

- 2021-01-08: The directories cases_extra and mortality_extra have been moved to other/cases_extra and other/mortality_extra.

Revise historical data: cases (MB, NU, ON, SK); recovered (NU).

NU added a case and removed 1 due to a data error, and that removal caused recovered to go down by 1 today.

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 76 new deaths, for a total of 9,437 deaths. Among these 76 deaths, 17 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 33 have occurred between January 16 and January 21, 24 have occurred before January 16 and 2 have occurred at an unknown date.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [mari0theminer/stardew-modpack-eden](https://github.com/mari0theminer/stardew-modpack-eden)@[1d1aa52107...](https://github.com/mari0theminer/stardew-modpack-eden/commit/1d1aa52107d80383880725e2d25c5fc21a74718f)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 03:03:41 by Mari0

PATCH 2.0

Added mods:
[CP] Community Center
[CP] Dinosaurs Growl
[CP] Elle's New Barn Animals
[CP] Elle's New Coop Animals
[CP] Elle's New Horses
[CP] Elle's Seasonal Buildings
[CP] Elle's Town Animals
[CP] Elliot - Expanded Marriage Dialogue
[CP] Goddess statue Obelisk
[CP] Hats Won't Mess Up Hair
[CP] Hot Spring Farmcave
[CP] MonsterGirl Animals
[CP] Natural Hairstyles
[CP] New Fish
[CP] Peskit's Hogwarts Express
[CP] Pet Dog
[CP] Rival Events for Maru and Penny (Poly Option)
[CP] Rival Events for Sam and Sebastian
[CP] Seasonal Villager Outfits
[CP] Sexy Haley Replacer
[CP] Sprinklerable Beach Farm
[CP] True Love Abigail Dialogue Expansion
[CP] Yandere Sam Dialogue Expansion
[CP]UniqueDatingResponses
[CP-A] Animated Fish
[CP-A] Animated Food and Drinks
[CP-A] Animated Furniture and Stuff
[CP-A] Animated Slime Eggs and Loot
[CPP] Penny Expanded Marriage Dialogue by catacoon
[FTM] Farm Extended Unofficial Fix
[GG] Ace's Hairstyles
[GG] Get Dressed Pack
[JA] Strawberry Blossom
[PPJA] Artisan Valley
[PPJA] Cannabis Kit
[PPJA] Fruits and Veggies
[PPJA] Mizus Flowers
[PPJA] More Recipes
[PPJA] More Trees
[TMX] Shiko Festival Locations
[TMX] Shiko Spouse Room
AllowBeachSprinklers
AnimalHusbandryMod
AntiSocialNPCs
Automate
AutomaticGates
BiggerBackpack
BusLocations
CapstoneProfessions
catGifts
CharacterCustomizationAnywhere
ChatCommands
ChildAgeUp
ChildToNPC
CJBCheatsMenu
CJBItemSpawner
ConsoleCommands
ContentPatcher
ContentPatcherAnimations
CustomMusic
CustomNPCExclusions
CustomNPCFixes
CustomReminders
CustomSpousePatio
Dickshrooms
DynamicNightTime
EntoaroxFramework
ErrorHandler
EventRepeater
ExpandedPreconditionsUtility
ExpandedStorage
FarmTypeManager
FireCrackers Mod
FriendsForever
GetGlam
GreenhouseSprinklers
HB
HoldToBreakGeodes
Immersive Farm 2 Remastered
Increased Artifact Spots
IndustrialFurnace
JsonAssets
JumpOver
JunimosAcceptCash
LewdDew_Valley
LewdDew_Valley_helper
lewdLeah
Lockpicks
LookupAnything
LoveOfCooking
LunarDisturbances
MailFrameworkMod
ModUpdateMenu
ModUpdater
MoreAnimals
MultipleSpouses
NPCMapLocations
Portraiture
ProducerFrameworkMod
PyTK
QuestFramework
Ridgeside Village Mod 1.2.3
SaveBackup
SeedBag
Shane's New Dialogues
ShopTileFramework
SitForStaminaMod
Sleepovers
Slime Girls
SMAPIChestLabelSystem
SMAPIHealthBarMod
SpaceCore
Stardew Valley Expanded
StardewHack
TMXLoader
TractorMod
TrainStation
UI Info Suite
WinterGrass
Xtardew Valley
zGardenVillage-1-4-4
(A) Abigail - The Extended Unrated Director's Cut 8K Gold Limited Edition
[BL] Desert
[CP] Abigail Dialogue Expansion
[CP] Abigail Lewd Dialogue
[CP] Anime Beach Loader

WIchtige infos:

  rein lade zeiten sind lang ich weis
  Das Spiel mag rein und raus taben nicht immer

Update zum dev:
  Consum:
    Energie x2
    Bemvel X2
  Urzeit 3:30
  Flüche Ausgesprochen 9999999
  verstörende Dinge Geshen: zuviele ......
  Neuer Lösungs Statigie: ALLLKOOOOOHOL
Update:
Uhrzeit: 4:00
alk ist toll

---
## [StatiXOS/android_kernel_essential_msm8998](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_kernel_essential_msm8998)@[f0bfbd58f0...](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_kernel_essential_msm8998/commit/f0bfbd58f0f623f76fc8d2bb2621971f4a8468ff)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 03:13:10 by Peter Zijlstra

locking/rwsem: Fix down_write_killable()

The new signal_pending exit path in __rwsem_down_write_failed_common()
was fingered as breaking his kernel by Tetsuo Handa.

Upon inspection it was found that there are two things wrong with it;

 - it forgets to remove WAITING_BIAS if it leaves the list empty, or
 - it forgets to wake further waiters that were blocked on the now
   removed waiter.

Especially the first issue causes new lock attempts to block and stall
indefinitely, as the code assumes that pending waiters mean there is
an owner that will wake when it releases the lock.

Reported-by: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Tested-by: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Tested-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Alexander Shishkin <alexander.shishkin@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo <acme@redhat.com>
Cc: Chris Zankel <chris@zankel.net>
Cc: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Cc: Davidlohr Bueso <dave@stgolabs.net>
Cc: H. Peter Anvin <hpa@zytor.com>
Cc: Jiri Olsa <jolsa@redhat.com>
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Max Filippov <jcmvbkbc@gmail.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Stephane Eranian <eranian@google.com>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Tony Luck <tony.luck@intel.com>
Cc: Vince Weaver <vincent.weaver@maine.edu>
Cc: Waiman Long <Waiman.Long@hpe.com>
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20160512115745.GP3192@twins.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[2e2a8fd2ae...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/2e2a8fd2ae5a63b11c1f2d61e88340be0158fc6b)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 04:08:26 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: love, n.:
	When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.

---
## [ilammy/themis](https://github.com/ilammy/themis)@[06760b2531...](https://github.com/ilammy/themis/commit/06760b2531e16681ddd23a83d746af787d49ae41)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 06:27:10 by Alexei Lozovsky

fixup! into fuzzing, it's reformat

okay

okaaaay

whatever the fuck you want, clang-format

sure, here

yeayea

---
## [ilammy/themis](https://github.com/ilammy/themis)@[efac9342cd...](https://github.com/ilammy/themis/commit/efac9342cdb01210076c58d920577a6dc176f656)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 06:27:10 by Alexei Lozovsky

Check Secure Message size before reading for real

Remember that thing about Secure Message in sign/verify mode having
a different header size? Well, we need to check for that too. Just like
the checks in higher level functions, make sure that we check the buffer
length before doing casts like this:

    themis_secure_signed_message_hdr_t* msg = (themis_secure_signed_message_hdr_t*)wrapped_message;

in themis_secure_message_verifier_proceed(). If we only check for zero
length, this might cause buffer overruns for short non-empty buffers,
like if you pass a buffer of length 9 -- long enough for higher level
checks to succeed, but too short for signed message header here.

Interestingly enough, the decryption code path does those checks right.
themis_secure_message_decrypter_proceed() defers to either
themis_secure_message_ec_decrypter_proceed() which does

    THEMIS_CHECK_PARAM(wrapped_message_length > sizeof(themis_secure_encrypted_message_hdr_t));

or themis_secure_message_rsa_decrypter_proceed() which does

    THEMIS_CHECK_PARAM(wrapped_message_length > sizeof(themis_secure_rsa_encrypted_message_hdr_t));

Yes, you might notice some funny things with ">" vs. ">=". However, I
won't be tweaking those here. Strictly speaking, signed message header
MUST be followed by a non-empty message with a signature so we can do
early checks for their complete absence with ">" instead of ">=".
However, I'd like to do proper length check later.

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[80754bb202...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/80754bb20262c7a25e795ea4d067befaf9fa41ff)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 08:44:20 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: "I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night."

---
## [ipld/go-ipld-prime](https://github.com/ipld/go-ipld-prime)@[f1859e77a4...](https://github.com/ipld/go-ipld-prime/commit/f1859e77a403c5c2b6ac9ff11803c5e8bfb30f58)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 11:42:57 by Eric Myhre

schema: working to unify interfaces and dmt.  Intermediate checkpoint commit.

This commit does not pass CI or even fully compile, and while I usually
try to avoid those, A) I need a checkpoint!, and B) I think this one is
interestingly illustrative, and I'll probably want to refer to this
diff and the one that will follow it in the future as part of
architecture design records (or even possibly experience reports about
golang syntax).

In this commit: we have three packages:

- schema: full of interfaces (and only interfaces)
- schema/compiler: creates values matching schema interfaces
- schema/dmt: contains codegen'd types that parse schema documents.

The dmt package feeds data to the compiler package, and the compiler
package emits values matching the schema interface.
This all works very nicely and avoids import cycles.

(Avoiding import cycles has been nontrivial, here, unfortunately.
The schema/schema2 package (which is still present in this commit,
but will be removed shortly -- I've scraped most of it over into
this new 'compiler' package already, just not a bunch of the validation
rules stuff, yet) was a dream of making this all work by just having
thin wrapper types around the dmt types.  This didn't fly...
because codegen'd nodes comply with `schema.TypedNode`, and complying
with `schema.TypedNode` means they have a function which references
`schema.Type`... and that means we really must depend on that
interface and the package it's in.  Ooof.)

The big downer with this state, and why things are currently
non-compiling at this checkpoint I've made here, is that we have to
replicate a *lot* of methods into single-use interfaces in the schema
package for this to work.  This belies the meaning of "interface".
The reason we'd do this -- the reason to split 'compiler' into its own
package -- is most because I wanted to keep all the constructor
mechanisms for schema values out of the direct path of the user's eye,
because most users shouldn't be using the compiler directly at all.

But... I'm shifting to thinking this attempt to segregate the compiler
details isn't worth it.  A whole separate package costs too much.
Most concretely, it would make it impossible to make the `schema.Type`
interface "closed" (e.g. by having an unexported method), and I think
at that point we would be straying quite far from desired semantics.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c26fc7e9b9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c26fc7e9b934ab5984f90746c1741bf1bf06c21d)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 11:43:41 by Marko Grdinić

"10:45am. Email? None.

Tonight was really rough. I went to bed at 10am which was early for me, but now my back hurts and I feel stressed out. It is strange, I did not think particularly stressful thoughts tonight. It must be subconscious.

10:50am. In fact, I went to bed thinking I have this entire situation under my control. Compared to half a week ago when I was lost, my plan is in a pretty good state at the moment. I have a lot of leeway to move around.

I need to make an attempt at conquering Python with the functional style. This is the true path. I thought and I thought, and what was previously an idea became absolutely dominant. So much is pointing in the favor of this. I will raise my profile, rebuild my old library and get access to the main ecosystem. I will even get side benefits like GPU auto memory management, so the library will be better than before. I thought I would need to give up tail call optimization, but it turns out that is not true either.

Sticking to F# against my goals will not be rewarded. Neither will sticking to a particular platform.

But if there is justice in the world, I will be rewarded for staying true to my style and even extending it beyond the point mainstream languages allow.

11am. If this fails, I'll admit that it is a tough world out there and that it is my destiny to stay the underdog. In the worst case, I'll have to do what I wanted in 2018 and make those agents on the GPU. I'll admit that it is unrealistic to expect 30-60k per month income and that my path is just not fit for that sort of thing. The only way I'll get that is through banditry in that case.

But I have hope that this will work and my plan will get me out of the poverty state and to small riches by the end of this year.

11:10am. At the very least Spiral should have a small userbase then.

Let me do this thing. Today I investigate Cython. I'll play around with it for a while.

I want to see what it compiles to.

I have this under control. It is amazing how fast time is passing for me right now. Let me see if I can get into it. Once I get into it hopefully I should destress myself.

https://cython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/quickstart/install.html
> Windows A popular option is to use the open source MinGW (a Windows distribution of gcc). See the appendix for instructions for setting up MinGW manually. Enthought Canopy and Python(x,y) bundle MinGW, but some of the configuration steps in the appendix might still be necessary. Another option is to use Microsoft’s Visual C. One must then use the same version which the installed Python was compiled with.

Installing C compilers again. I went through this many time before. Right now let me just read the docs.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56663642/how-can-i-get-64-bit-anaconda-python-to-find-the-ms-c-compiler-for-cython-on-win

https://cython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/quickstart/build.html

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXuEoqK4bEc
Cython Tutorial - Bridging between Python and C/C++ for performance gains

Let me watch this tutorial.

11:25am. If the 2021 plan fails I will gather my fury, and sacrifice the 20s to push the agent plan to completion. There is no other way. At that point, in order to keep following my path, I can only exchange my very life essence for it. Even if it takes me a decade, I will push making an agent to completion. A decade is long enough to accomplish any small thing.

And as I said, doing what I have in mind in 2021 will get me my ML library back. I'll get to where I was at 2018 at any rate and will be able to exceed my old high.

Even if I cannot do anything else, I'll hit at least that goal. Because this is 100% in my control. I can't control the reactions of other or my profile, but the work that I do is my own choice.

http://mingw-w64.org/doku.php

Let me grab Mingw while I watch that tutorial.

11:40am. Win-builds is messing with me. Let me get the normal MingW.

11:45am. The download seems to be stuck. Does this have anything to do with the `AppData` nukage? I have no idea. I am getting paranoid about things being broken due to that.

Oh, it is installing, nevermind.

```
install: binutils-2.28-1-mingw32-bin.tar.xz
mingw-get: *** ERROR *** required package file is not available
mingw-get: *** ERROR *** cannot install binutils-2.28-1-mingw32-bin.tar.xz
mingw-get: *** ERROR *** due to previous download failure
```

One of the packages failed.

Let me try installing it again.

12:20pm. I see that I can run cython from the Anaconda terminal.

https://youtu.be/mXuEoqK4bEc?t=1647

This part where it creates a html file is quite interesting. I will be studying this.

Let me finish the last two minutes of this vid and I will have breakfast.

12:40pm. The C/C++ plugin has the UI extension setting window, but where do I access it? Once the editor offered to open it in a popup, but I do not know how to access it besides that.

Forget this. I need to have breakfast here.

I've already verified that cython works from the command line. Next I'll try using the setup.py."

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[39c073ca2c...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/39c073ca2cd4fcae68eb8c636bd84664c1dbfd2b)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 12:32:25 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: Women, when they are not in love, have all the cold blood of an experienced
attorney.
		-- Honor'e de Balzac

---
## [atcq/xow](https://github.com/atcq/xow)@[4ae5c840fc...](https://github.com/atcq/xow/commit/4ae5c840fc003f1aba68f0a30a957dd58ce49f28)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 13:12:36 by atcq

start xow.service on dongle plugin

I encountered the `Mt76Exception: Failed to load firmware` error quite a few times. xow.service is stopped and needs a restart as stated in the Troubleshooting section of the README.md. To make my life easier i added a udev rule to do just that for me when i plugged the dongle back in after uplugging it.
Should start/restart the xow.service if the service is not running or is in a `failed` state due to previous ABRT signal.
I think it would be a simple change to the udev.rules to make that the default behaviour but maybe a manual restart is desired?

Anyways, thanks a lot for your work! I'm quite happy with xow!

---
## [kakra/xow](https://github.com/kakra/xow)@[a6cfb6cd77...](https://github.com/kakra/xow/commit/a6cfb6cd77055f7400b2b600b00ddd82b8b1f67e)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 14:48:21 by atcq

start xow.service on dongle plugin

I encountered the `Mt76Exception: Failed to load firmware` error quite a few times. xow.service is stopped and needs a restart as stated in the Troubleshooting section of the README.md. To make my life easier i added a udev rule to do just that for me when i plugged the dongle back in after uplugging it.
Should start/restart the xow.service if the service is not running or is in a `failed` state due to previous ABRT signal.
I think it would be a simple change to the udev.rules to make that the default behaviour but maybe a manual restart is desired?

Anyways, thanks a lot for your work! I'm quite happy with xow!

Signed-off-by: Kai Krakow <kai@kaishome.de>

---
## [xmonad/xmonad-contrib](https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad-contrib)@[14dc3a7f79...](https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad-contrib/commit/14dc3a7f79eeefe9a7e8ee4e751355d7ae20e1bb)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 15:43:58 by Tomas Janousek

X.H.ManageDocks: Init strut cache on demand if necessary

This makes docksStartupHook unnecessary. That is desirable because we
didn't add a changelog entry about it being necessary, and 4 years after
its introduction we still have users grabbing old configs and reporting
(https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad/issues/21#issuecomment-596161669) that
ManageDocks doesn't work properly.

I would love to finally settle this.

Full story follows:

xmonad-contrib 0.12 introduced (00be056a1bad, merged in April 2013)
caching to ManageDocks to avoid queryTree calls on every runLayout,
which brought in several bugs. Attempts to fix these bugs in
xmonad-contrib 0.13 introduced (28e9f8bce781, merged in February 2016) a
breaking change in ManageDocks that required users to add
docksStartupHook (or docks, after e38fb3bdb8bb got merged in November
2016) to their configs for avoidStruts to still work after xmonad
restart. Unfortunately this was never mentioned in the changelog nor in
any compilation warning (which get discarded by xmonad --recompile
anyway !!!), so as of March 2020 we still have users being bitten by
this.

Back in September 2016 in a discussion about other bugs introduced in
28e9f8bce781 I suggested that we use Maybe to indicate whether the cache
had been initialized and initialize it on demand when it had not.
Unfortunately I wasn't sufficiently clear about what I meant and Brandon
was going through some health issues, so we just got into a heated
argument and ended up merging a suboptimal solution. :-(

And since we're _still_ getting complaints from users every now and
then, I believe it's worth dealing with even after all these years.
If nothing else, let this serve as a reminder that breaking users'
configs without any warning is wrong.

(Oh and we should probably stop hiding xmonad.hs compilation warnings,
otherwise we can't ever hope to provide smooth deprecation and upgrade
paths.)

Fixes: 00be056a1bad ("Cache results from calcGap in ManageDocks")
Fixes: 28e9f8bce781 ("add docksStartupHook for handling docks when restarted")
Fixes: e38fb3bdb8bb ("Make usage of ManageDocks simpler and more robust")
Related: https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad-contrib/issues/118
Related: https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad-contrib/pull/30
Related: https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad-contrib/pull/80
Related: https://github.com/xmonad/xmonad/issues/21

---
## [CherishOS/android_frameworks_base](https://github.com/CherishOS/android_frameworks_base)@[5c899c73fc...](https://github.com/CherishOS/android_frameworks_base/commit/5c899c73fcd980e78c37074ad62f463eb2014f1e)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 18:34:58 by ezio84

Fix 2tap2wake after Ambient Pulsing on some devices

like taimen and walleye, instead sunfish (and probably newer pixels)
doesn't need this

To apply, override the config_has_weird_dt_sensor bool in the device tree

----
TL;DR
for some reason, on taimen and walleye, after ambient pulsing
gets triggered by adb with the official "com.android.systemui.doze.pulse"
intent or by our custom "wake to ambient" features, the double tap
sensor dies if you follow this steps:
- screen is OFF
- trigger ambient pulsing with a double tap to wake (if custom wake to
  ambient feature is enabled), or the official intent by adb, or with
  music ticker or any other event
- after ambient display shows up, don't touch anything and wait till the
  screen goes OFF again
- double tap to wake, again
- the double tap sensor doesn't work at all and device doesn't wake up

Now, funny thing, after the steps above, if you cover then uncover the
proximity/brightness sensor with the hand, then double tap to wake
again, the wake gesture works as expected.

When covering/uncovering the proximity/brightness sensor, this happens:
11-10 22:02:00.916   967   998 I ASH     : @ 1993.460: ftm4_disable_sensor: disabling sensor [double-tap]
11-10 22:02:02.013   967   998 I ASH     : @ 1994.556: ftm4_enable_sensor: enabling sensor [double-tap]

When you switch screen ON with power button, the doze screen states do
the same: the sensor gets disabled then enabled again if device goes
to DOZE idle state.

Instead, after Ambient pulsing, when the pulsing finishes, the sensor
is still enabled, so the disable/enable event doesn't happen this
time. And that's why, for some reason, it doesn't respond anymore.
----

So, in a nutshell: i've no idea why this sh#t happens lol,
but with a super lazy hacky tricky dirty bloody nooby line change,
we can force the sensor disable/enable event when the device goes
to DOZE state.

Change-Id: I8ce463a6e435e540e3ca93336c5dba7a95771b56
Signed-off-by: Hưng Phan <phandinhhungvp2001@gmail.com>

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[0e23ebb8e4...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/0e23ebb8e449753ea3c9eaf6189415a01a2a9d67)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 18:47:21 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: My only love sprung from my only hate!
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
		-- William Shakespeare, "Romeo and Juliet"

---
## [Nibraj/hello-world](https://github.com/Nibraj/hello-world)@[dd62d57277...](https://github.com/Nibraj/hello-world/commit/dd62d57277ddbe16385b31cdf64beaf83cc853a3)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 19:47:12 by Nibraj

Update README.md

Sunday morning love you
Monday morning love you
I wanna love you everydayyyyy

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[7fb91491a0...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/7fb91491a0fecec7c3077d2590bd875a35384bb9)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 21:52:43 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: Hate the sin and love the sinner.
		-- Mahatma Gandhi

---
## [compton96/BondGame](https://github.com/compton96/BondGame)@[e6e7f08ba9...](https://github.com/compton96/BondGame/commit/e6e7f08ba9a0bc96fd289c0b8852501dfa02c564)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 21:53:44 by ewidodo

Merge pull request #19 from compton96/Enrico-SFX-FMOD

fuck you fmod

---
## [newstools/2021-daily-news-zimbabwe](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-news-zimbabwe)@[c9c92a0c69...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-news-zimbabwe/commit/c9c92a0c69123ea78604223220edae6b618ba93b)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 23:00:03 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [dailynews.co.zw/i-am-not-obsessed-with-nudity-my-passion-is-love-and-sensuality/]

---
## [hawkw/mycelium](https://github.com/hawkw/mycelium)@[c178c3ac39...](https://github.com/hawkw/mycelium/commit/c178c3ac391b0e86b58fabd7daf506fc9225bb47)
#### Sunday 2021-01-24 23:58:02 by Eliza Weisman

feat(alloc): buddy block page frame allocator that kinda sorta works (#86)

this branch adds a working page frame allocator based on the buddy-block
allocation algorithm. it seems to more or less work, and can allocate
both single pages and ranges of pages.

however, it doesn't currently ensure correct alignments for page sizes
larger than the architecture's minimum page size --- there's no
difference, currently, between allocating one 2MB page and allocating a
2MB range of 4KB pages. for the 2MB page to be usable, though, it would
have to be aligned on a 2MB boundary, while the 2MB range of 4KB pages
only needs to start on a 4K boundary.

i'd like to add that in a future PR. for now, it just returns an error
when allocating page sizes that would require larger alignments, which
is fine for now i guess.

there's probably additional cleanup we could do, but whatever, i'm tired
of working on this and i want to merge it. we can make it better later.

a huge thank you to @mystor for help catching a couple of really
silly mistakes i made and getting this over the finish line!

Signed-off-by: Eliza Weisman <eliza@elizas.website>
Co-authored-by: Nika Layzell <nika@thelayzells.com>

---

# [<](2021-01-23.md) 2021-01-24 [>](2021-01-25.md)

