# [<](2021-02-12.md) 2021-02-13 [>](2021-02-14.md)

1,871,146 events, 1,048,325 push events, 1,520,076 commit messages, 101,002,277 characters


## [arthurhammer/FrameGrabber](https://github.com/arthurhammer/FrameGrabber)@[7a3f070979...](https://github.com/arthurhammer/FrameGrabber/commit/7a3f0709797846d5f641f194c30982dca9bea2c7)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 00:02:22 by Arthur Hammer

Remove incremental photo updates

Declare bankruptcy and remove incremental updates in favor of simple reloading.

PhotosKit and incremental updates have lots of problems. First, incremental updates are notoriously fragile. The reported change indexes often lead to crashes in `performBatchUpdates` without any indication as to why.

Next, incremental updates tie us to using the fixed sort order of the underlying fetch request. This is in conjuction with another limitation of PhotosKit: Smart album fetch requests return their result in "reverse order", i.e. the oldest photo comes first. This makes sense for Photos.app where the newest items are at the bottom but it is hard to adapt for collection views where the newest items should be at the top. Specifying a sort descriptor by creation date does not fix this because the Recents photo album is not sorted by creation date but by "added date". Well, here's the next limitation: PhotosKit does not support a sort descriptor for this order.

The result: Incremental updates and sort order  by "added date" but with the newest one at the top is simply not possible in a seamless experience. Which is ridiculous in my opinion because that is **exactly** what the user expects.

Possible solutions:

1) Ditch fetch requests, map its assets to an array and sort it however you want, maybe with custom diffing (e.g. diffable data sources). Works okaysh with up to 10k items but after that, the performance degrades fast. Photo libraries can be huge (100k+ items not an exception) so straying off of the batching behaviour of fetch results is not recommended by Apple.

2) Manually reverse indexes of the fetch request to get the desired order. Then try to map incremental update indexes to those reversed indexes. Well, incremental update indexes are already fragile and often wrong as they are. Attempting this would lead to an implosion.

3) Ditch incremental updates.

I'm going with 3. Just use reloadData. Then, we can get the correct "added date" sort order simply by reversing the indexes.

Unless I'm missing something reaaally obvious, I think it incremental changes and PhotosKit in general have fundamental flaws in their design.

Rant end. 🥵

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[38d7745e86...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/38d7745e863c47fb32befbd241dbd84dc8a137dd)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 02:34:09 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-02-12: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, BC, MB, ON, QC, SK); mortality (ON, QC).

Toronto (ON) has paused updating mortality data as it transitions to its new data system.

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 25 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 10,173 due to the withdrawal of 1 death that the investigation has shown not to be attributable to COVID-19. Among these 25 deaths, 4 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 13 have occurred between February 5 and February 10, 7 have occurred before February 5 and 1 has occurred at an unknown date.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [yagyapandeya/Music-Video-Emotion-Dataset-V2](https://github.com/yagyapandeya/Music-Video-Emotion-Dataset-V2)@[640abc4110...](https://github.com/yagyapandeya/Music-Video-Emotion-Dataset-V2/commit/640abc411025772ea7b5e357feca49131f6bff6e)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 09:10:42 by Yagya Raj Pandeya

Create Emotion Adjectives (Happy, Fun, Love, Sexy, Joy, Pleasure, Exciting, Adorable, Cheerful, Surprising, Interest)

---
## [thierrymarianne/contrib-pktd](https://github.com/thierrymarianne/contrib-pktd)@[6b446ac05c...](https://github.com/thierrymarianne/contrib-pktd/commit/6b446ac05c45dfb6ef3df8b5d76ab7a54cca1ff6)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 11:16:03 by Jeff Johnson

* USE ONLY PROPER AMERICAN ENGLISH STANDARD WORDS!!!!!!

signall vs. signal .. cancell vs. cancel ! My god man!

There are WAY more (British vs. American issues and use
is TOTALLY INCONSISTENT within the code base), but these
are, to me, the most egregious and wrong-looking ones.
The ones that are acceptable like "standardisation" use
the American "standardization" - none of it makes sense.

There are dozens if not hundreds of cases of mixed use,
often in the same file, sometimes in the same paragraph!

I've really only scratched the surface of it with this PR.

Just looking at these, though, is giving me eye cancer,
dissolving my soul, accelerating my descent into insanity.

I do think we should adopt American English as THE standard,
actually, for both documentation and code, American English
has always clearly been the standard language of the Internet.

Over at the supposedly "international" ISO, you can see the
"The International Organization for Standardization" and NOT
the "The British and Welsh Organisation for Standardisation".

Also, all the seed words we use are ONLY in American English.
We got "color" & "labor" & "humor" there. We got "truck" also,
but not a single "lorry" to be found.  If we are going to keep
using a mixed language base, would we have to change these too?

If we keep mixing, people will just think we are Canadians! ***
(*** Of course, being dead is preferred to being Canadian.)

[FYI: Merging this would increase my productivity by 20%.]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[b48c6bea8e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/b48c6bea8e171a9b3e1c2418321be0373b4db266)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 12:13:54 by Marko Grdinić

"11:50am. The weather is just so cold today that I haven't felt like getting out of bed.

12:05pm. Let me do the chores.

12:40pm. Done with chores. There is a cold wave going on and its freezing. It has been the coldest in a long while.

Let me gather my thoughts. Last night after I finished the day, I looked into opening a bank account outside the country.

https://www.monito.com/en/wiki/how-to-open-a-bank-account-in-switzerland

But as far as I can tell, they have large fees, minimum deposits and even require me to go there in person to open it. I don't have the min 5k of whatever currency I'd need to open an account. And no way am I taking a trip outside the country for this even if I did.

So I'll give up on Github Sponsors.

Plan B is Patreon. I am decently sure this should be allowed in Croatia. I'll do some research on this after the day is done. That should take care of that.

Now come my other concerns:

1) I hadn't gotten a reply to that TCO Cython issue yet. My proposal concerns me a little because I am not completely sure whether the decref rules are right. Originally...

```
cdef int loop_tail(s, int i, int nearTo):
    if i < nearTo:
        n = s + i
        Py_DECREF(s)
        return loop_tail(n,i+1,nearTo)
    else: return s
```

I just meant to write something like this. This made sense to me, but then I realized that I needed to decref `s` if its ref count is greater than 1. I think this shuold work, but then again that is how it looked at me for the other thing. Right now it is concerning to me how complex the rules in my mind are.

This decref if greater than 1 rule should only apply to the method args and not the locals. I'd like these exceptions...

12:50pm. At any rate, TCO is not that important. Even if this issue gets dropped and never revisited the Cython backend will still be useful and even good.

Who cares about performance here?

Let me go to the next concern.

2) CFR and the dictionary. This gave me a lot of stress and eventually developed into a full blown depression yesterday. It just goes to show how focused I am on my current goal.

I want to work on neural agents in the most direct way possible. If the dictionary was there, then fine. But since it is not there, I greatly want to avoid spending time and effort implementing it.

This is fine. This just goes with the current them of these entries which is - forget obligations and responsibilities that I can't control and don't give benefits to me.

4) Those interviews. I am supposed to be applying at the ML hardware companies, but I don't really want to.

I am actually perfectly prepared to just wait until most of the go broke and then just buy the chips from the winners. They are not that important to me.

I'll get what I want eventually.

I do not need all these complex plots. I do not need to be thorough.

1pm. All I should do is focus on making those NN based agents and then putting them to use. I am a programmer, but I am not a ML practitioner yet. That can change with some effort.

I need to reach that level at all cost. If I had a source of income from ML itself, getting sponsors and applying at companies would be the furthest thing on my mind.

It would greatly simplify my life.

1pm. I've made my plans, but actually finding real world uses for RL is what I want to do most of all.

So that is what I will pursue, starting today!

1:05pm. Today my goal will be to make a random neural based player. Not PG, but simply drawing a random agent. This is a step beyond an uniform random agent, but not at the point where I'd be optimizing them. I'll also do the UI.

UIs are something I have strong feelings for. I won't drop this requirement.

I want to be able to interact with my own agents. I won't skimp on this.

Even for random agents, they won't be trully random in the sense of picking random actions uniformly, but will instead a wide range of behaviors depending on their make up. I'll run into timid agents, aggressive ones, and ones which raise, but then fold to renewed aggression from my side. That will be fun.

That will really assauge my loneliness.

After that I will optimize them and play against the real deal. I do not have much hope for PG, but I'll dig out improvements from those papers and implement them. I'll make the training go fast on the GPU by organizing the data correctly. I won't try to push online learning like last time. That was stupid of me.

1:10pm. I am going to step on the path of my personal development. Once I am ready, I'll start with inverse UIs. All of this won't take me long at all.

At some point in the future, once the agents are playing in the background, I'll find time to do the dictionaries and other language TODOs. That will be the timing to loosen the pressure on myself. Everything should go in its proper order.

I am not a beginner anymore, and my foundation is deep at this stage. So it won't take me long until I have the agents.

This is what I need to be aggressive about. This is what I can look forward to. The rest are just side quests.

Today I can make a great accomplishment of creating my first neural agent after over a year!

Let me have breakfast here. I am long overdue on it."

---
## [petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts)@[aa9a61fa7d...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts/commit/aa9a61fa7d268c6b99746e44d962fb133a955998)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 12:15:42 by petrero

31.3. Advancing Between Cart & Checkout

Creating the Checkout Form Component
The last step is to toggle the content on the main part of the page. The shopping cart list is already isolated into its own component. Let's now create another component to hold the checkout form... so we don't have to add all its HTML and logic right into shopping-cart.
Create a new checkout/ directory and then an index.vue file inside. I'll paste in a very simple component that prints some text and exports a name.
Back in shopping-cart.vue, use this. Step one: import it: import CheckoutForm from @/components/checkout... but where is my auto-complete? Ah! Ryan! I accidentally put the new checkout/ directory in assets/. It should live in components/. Now Webpack is happy.
Add CheckoutForm to components and scroll up to the template.
Before we render this, look at <shopping-cart-list. Thanks to the v-if, this only renders once the completeCart data is available. Now we want to render it when the completeCart data is there and if the currentState equals cart.
Below this, render <checkout-form. Oh, but copy the v-if from above, paste, and render it when the currentState is checkout.
By the way, you could make a really good argument that the currentState logic should live in v-show instead of v-if. We'll talk more about that at the end of our discussion about Vue transitions.
Anyways, let's do this! Find your browser and click "Check Out". Beautiful! We can switch back and forth, back and forth.
But... the change is a little.. abrupt. I'd love to have a nice transition between the two pages, like the old one fades out and the new one fades in. Can we do that? Of course! CSS itself supports transitions and with a special feature from Vue, we can leverage those perfectly. Let's learn how next.

---
## [gribdesbois/prog](https://github.com/gribdesbois/prog)@[29a1447857...](https://github.com/gribdesbois/prog/commit/29a1447857ce14569ac6e48a618a047c9fc2ec07)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 13:34:51 by gribdesbois

still ugly AF but im getting the hang of api requests
looks like the holy fucking graal

---
## [mrv1k/dis-data-collections](https://github.com/mrv1k/dis-data-collections)@[4b366e3035...](https://github.com/mrv1k/dis-data-collections/commit/4b366e3035118fe2ad8f3cb9a2339b2f38ba3f96)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 15:49:31 by Viktor Khotimchenko

Incorporate the Form into a Workflow

my fucking god i hate storyboards
especially unwinding segue bs

---
## [BrianWamsley/Complete_Street_Rule](https://github.com/BrianWamsley/Complete_Street_Rule)@[e87b2d311e...](https://github.com/BrianWamsley/Complete_Street_Rule/commit/e87b2d311e37878a4fd0ad5afb62dfd4c14f854b)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 16:27:48 by Brian Wamsley

Update Complete_Street.cga

I've never used GitHub before, but I just wanted to share my edits for your consideration.  I can't go through line by line making edits, so I just copied my version and pasted it here.  You can skip the whole of my changes, but maybe consider the ones I point out just below in list.   My main goal was to use my own street materials, which is why I reworked the code.  To make all the markings work, I created new asphalt paint materials with alpha channel transparency (to act as overlays), but I didn't include them here so it will look really bad if you try to plug and play.  I can share them but I am not sure how to do that in GitHub.  There are some issues I am still working out with the texturing because although it looks fine in CityEngine, the export to Unreal Engine still produces a lot of bad materials.  The transparent textures I am using create transparent master materials in UE4 that leads to unexpected material creation results.   I need to think harder about setting up materials in CE for UE4, and to figure out how "master" materials are defined by CE for use in UE4 and using that information to limit the number of new materials created.

A few changes I would point out for now:
1.  Opened to Inspector the gap from street begin to crosswalk on both sides (I feel like this give me greater control).  It will help with "raised crosswalks" trying to pick the wrong starting edge because it pushes back from the curve radius where it receives more edges to its initial shape.  If you plan to make more crosswalk options, this will help a lot.
2.  Reordered the crosswalk settings in Inspector so that all the begin sides settings and end side settings are grouped (maybe just personal preference).
2.  The PBR path maker has mixed up the specular and metallic channels.  
3.  For the PBR texture maker's setupProjection rule, I think "world.xz" works better than "scope.xz" and it will help eliminate some of the texture squeeze in the parking lanes.  Also, if you try to use a custom texture system like I have, it is necessary to make seamless textures work. 

Also, in the last version of the complete streets code,  I tweaked the Freeway code to have an option for "hazard space" on both sides with a solid dash line.  I also plan to add in the enhanced texturing to the Freeway code because I find that I use the freeways enough to make it worth it.   If you think that would be helpful to share, let me know.  

Lastly,  I am working on some new crosswalk, green infrastructure, and shared street options (which I nest within Complete Streets).  I'd be willing to share those when I finish, but I got a lot of pots on the stove because I have too many CE ideas and interests.  Sorry my texturing ideas are half baked for now but if I figure out how to optimize them for UE4 I'll let you know.  Thanks for consideration.

---
## [zapataast/CodeSignal](https://github.com/zapataast/CodeSignal)@[fc8bc4894c...](https://github.com/zapataast/CodeSignal/commit/fc8bc4894c26362b28ca93aa6aee47c4ebaa7a9f)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 16:35:01 by Myagmardorj

Create Financial Crisis.cpp

Once upon a time, in a kingdom far, far away, there lived a King Byteasar IV. His kingdom in the middle of a financial crisis, Byteasar was struggling to keep the economy out of a recession. Unfortunately there was not much he could do, and after much agonizing he came to the only solution: one of his cities had to be demolished, since keeping communication active between all the cities is way too expensive.

It is not yet known if Byteasar chose a city to destroy after careful planning or picked one at random. As a person with a PhD in History and Nobel prize in Computer Science, you can solve this mystery! Archaeologists have recently found a manuscript with information about the roads between the cities, that is now stored in the roadRegister matrix. You want to try and remove each city one by one and compare the road registers obtained this way. Thus you'll be able to compare the obtained roads and determine whether the one picked by Byteasar was the best by some criteria.

Given the roadRegister, return an array of all the road registers obtained after removing each of the cities one by one.

Example

For

roadRegister = [[false, true,  true,  false],
                [true,  false, true,  false],
                [true,  true,  false, true ],
                [false, false, true,  false]]
the output should be

financialCrisis(roadRegister) = [
  [[false, true,  false],
   [true,  false, true ],
   [false, true,  false]],
  [[false, true,  false],
   [true,  false, true ],
   [false, true,  false]],
  [[false, true,  false],
   [true,  false, false],
   [false, false, false]],
  [[false, true,  true ],
   [true,  false, true ],
   [true,  true,  false]]
]

---
## [species-nova/PD2HEAT](https://github.com/species-nova/PD2HEAT)@[59817130e8...](https://github.com/species-nova/PD2HEAT/commit/59817130e890ea95a3a9e5096ff70b4ad0a6289d)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 16:44:18 by Whurr

vit update

 - fixed peoc scripting sucking ass
 - made the PEOC evil on DS

---
## [yannvanhalewyn/songkeep](https://github.com/yannvanhalewyn/songkeep)@[dfa8287b09...](https://github.com/yannvanhalewyn/songkeep/commit/dfa8287b091a6e050bcf29a516d7246d8ac0b350)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 16:48:31 by Yann Vanhalewyn

Integrate tailwind

I really like tailwind. Who doesn't? This already readuced the view code
by 25% (200L -> 150L) and made the styles more scannable!

I hacked in a way to use font weight utility classes by overwriting
font-* classes from fontWeight: "xxx" to fontFamily: "inter-weight".

PROS
====

It keeps the classes consistent between web styling and native styling,
which is good for flow and understanding and may be a step towards more
style sharing between web and native. + I like it.

Using shadow.resource/inline, shadow-cljs is aware that it needs to
refresh the tailwind.cljs namespace when styles.json changes which makes
reloading styles hot reload work. Run `yarn css` after changing the
tailwind config and the app should reload.

CONS
====

- You have to remember to use "font-*" class on all text items, even
regular weight ones. Otherwise for now default system font will be used.
This is different from web (where you would only use font-bold to bolden
items). Something to think about, like maybe adding a typography
namespace for native that does this for you.

- I leveraged an existing implementation of
[tailwind-rn](https://github.com/vadimdemedes/tailwind-rn). I also
looked at [tailwind-clj](https://github.com/mrmcc3/tailwind-clj). Both
have their pros and cons, and my ultimate solution would be a mix of
both pros. It might be worth exploring either a custom implementation or
an upstream PR later.

- A added connascence between the fonts loaded and names, and the
overrides for font-weights. This needs to be kept in sync manually.

- Using a JS module here that has a runtime cost, I opted to keep the
style maps in JS to avoid js->clj'ing myself, and having reagent
clj->js'ing again. But sometimes merging style maps is necessary, such
as with composable components. So another mark for having a clj macro
take care of this.

Tailwind RN
===========

Pros:
- it reads and compiles the actual tailwind CSS output into a
compatible native json file which maps classes to rules. This is great
because it allows to use tailwind and it's original configuration, which
in turn can be shared with web css. It also will grow along with
tailwind when it add's new feature.
- I like the idea of exposing tailwind config elements (i.e. get-color)
for reuse where native can't use classnames. (such as layout values and
colors). I would expand get-colors to access more, such as responsive
breakpoints (keep web and mobile config in sync more), margin system etc..

Cons:
- it adds a dependency on tailwind-rn to keep up to date with the
parsing of potential changes in tailwindcss's output.
- It's JS only, and it's a runtime (granted cheap, splitting strings and
looking them up + some processing) cost. This is a prime candidate to
leverage macros to compile all styles a compilation time.
- It's not very extendible, you can't inject custom rules except for
overriding the output of styles.json (as I did for font-weights), which
should be a private concern for the package.
- It has a magic npx create-tailwind-rn which does 'stuff'. (I really
dislike the name too, it needs to be run every update of the config so
create is confusing). It also just plops a styles.json in the root,
which is in term unaccessible from the resource path for
shadow.resource/inline. So I need to (1) know that that's how
tailwind-rn works and (2) manually move the file. A config option would
be great for this, and `npx tailwind-rn compile` would be soooo much
better 😓.
- It's pretty closed. Useful features would be to enable / disable
features to be compiled to keep styles.json smaller than needed.

Tailwind CLJ
============

Seems inactive so using it is risky anyways. Implementation is also not
great.

Pros:
- It leverages clojure macros to pre-compile styles at compilation
time! (>< tailwind-rn)

Cons:
- It brings it's own implementation of the tailwind ecosystem, which
means it will grow further apart from tailwindcss as time goes on. With
TW's growing popularity, I think this is a risky move.

So a custom implementation (maybe open source it) like tailwind-cljs
that reads tailwind's output (see if we can hook into tailwind's pre-css
step), can build for native and web a bit like shadow-cljs build-targets,
uses clj macro's for efficiency and can be extended from clojure would
be the best solution moving forward.

---
## [pde-bakk/ft_transcendence](https://github.com/pde-bakk/ft_transcendence)@[fbfd5323d1...](https://github.com/pde-bakk/ft_transcendence/commit/fbfd5323d1537761ff8e0eeb38e79a320b01c44e)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 17:43:02 by Peer de Bakker

javascript, tailwindcss, backbone, fuck you , fuck each and every one of you (https://www.youtube.com/watch\?v\=NwhfDr5_rDA)

---
## [petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts)@[2b6f6b04ac...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts/commit/2b6f6b04acbfd1b5e5d80ff1001da7b166fbdc97)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 18:10:25 by petrero

42.2. Form Validation

Finishing Checkout Success
Before we talk about client-side validation, I think we should finish onSubmit() by handling the happy case: what happens when the form is valid and a new Purchase was created in the API.
Open src/Controller/CheckoutController.php. I've already created a really simple "order confirmation" page. All we need to do is get the id of the new Purchase that was just created by the API and then redirect to /confirmation/{id} that id.
There's nothing really fancy about this. Back in Vue, inside of the successful side of things - the try - add window.location = and then we can use fancy ticks to say /confirmation/, ${} then response.data.id.
This is not @id, it's actually id. If you look at the API docs, I don't always return an id field on my resource... since every resource already has an @id. But I did in this case because it made my life easier.
Oh, and there's one other function I'm going to call. In cart-services.js, search for clearCart. This makes an AJAX call that tells the API that the cart should now be deleted and reset. That could happen automatically on the server when we create a Purchase, but since it doesn't in our API, we'll do it in Vue. Add await clearCart() and hit tab so PhpStorm adds the import for us.
So: clear the cart and then redirect to the confirmation page.
Let's try it! Go find the check out form, fill in some real data... this is - I kid you not - the real address of one of my friends - then some fake data and... submit!
It worked! The user now sees a very cutting-edge message about how they can mail us a check or money order to receive their products in a short three to six months. Oh, and also, the shopping cart on top shows zero: the cart was reset.
Before we go find our checkbook and a stamp, we're not quite done yet. Next, let's explore how we could also add client-side validation.

---
## [petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts)@[7cad8fa3e8...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts/commit/7cad8fa3e8fe10d2a930f5edfe4903e12dd7a268)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 18:10:25 by petrero

42.1. Form Validation

Let's handle the really important case: when the POST request fails with validation errors. Look at the data from the response down in the console log. The data has this really nice violations key... and then each violation has a propertyPath that tells us exactly which field it should be attached to.
Love that! Inside of the checkout form component, we already built this validationErrors object, which is... already being used by each field to figure out whether that field is invalid and what error message to show. So... basically, all we need to do is read violations and map each one to the validationErrors data. We planned ahead and it rocks.

Mapping the API Errors into the Form
Head down to onSubmit(). The first thing we need to do is, at the beginning, add this.validationErrors = an empty object so that any errors from a previous submit are cleared.
This is actually going to cause a reactivity problem... a problem where things don't re-render at the right time. Don't worry about that yet: we'll talk about it deeply in a few minutes.
Down in else, say response.data.violations - that will be an array - .forEach() and pass that a callback with a violation argument. The logic we need inside is pretty simple: this.validationErrors[ violation.propertyPath because each violation has that key... and, as you can see in the docs, it will be equal to the, sort of id, we've been using for each field. Set this to violation.message.
That... should do it! Move over, get to the checkout form and submit it empty. Woh! That's gorgeous!

---
## [ck2plus/CleanSlate](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate)@[35b1247299...](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate/commit/35b124729934a530eee6ddc9dc0e0702676aa745)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 18:56:09 by Whizzer

Various fixes and minor improvements

Fixed potential undesirable randomness in event MNM.7123
Capital sieges will no longer have a chance of the attacker stealing your artifact if you are leading troops in your liege's capital.
You can no longer thank a councillor who found an artifact with a favor if you already owe a favor, and the option is no longer available without the Conclave DLC
The priest of the desecrated temple will no longer die if not present (MNM.7113, MNM.7114)
You can now fall in love with a close relative in your secret religious society if feeling stressed, so long as both of you are okay with incest (MNM.3502)
Choosing a hermetic art now shows the traits in the initial event

---
## [readthedocs-fr/bin-server](https://github.com/readthedocs-fr/bin-server)@[b29438b338...](https://github.com/readthedocs-fr/bin-server/commit/b29438b3389d024a21ce6134acc0eb107ea25847)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 19:03:41 by Julien Castiaux

fix: wrong form encoding

Save a snippet that contains non-ascii characters, the characters are
not displayed correctly.

Posting a form using `x-www-form-urlencoded` requires the form to be
Quoted-Printable encoded (see [rfc2045] section 6.7), most agents
conform to the rfc except curl that just send the form as-is.

When bottle receives the data, that scumbag piece of shit thinks he is
more clever than anyone and just decodes the form using the latin-1
encoding without any consideration for internet standards. This commit
undoes the latin-1 bullshit to restore utf8 and decodes any
printed-quotable left.

You want valid encoding ? Use multi-part and utf-8.

rfc2045: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2045#section-6.7

Closes #100
Closes #101

---
## [AHmims/SimplonLine-Briefs-2eme](https://github.com/AHmims/SimplonLine-Briefs-2eme)@[c7816ef371...](https://github.com/AHmims/SimplonLine-Briefs-2eme/commit/c7816ef371dac493e1734201e0318041d119d45f)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 19:17:23 by AHmims

I should just kill myself......Choking myself to death...I feel no pain HEH, FUCK MY LIFE...(drops dead)

---
## [sobotka/blender](https://github.com/sobotka/blender)@[7f7e683099...](https://github.com/sobotka/blender/commit/7f7e6830991bf66e285fb54cdbae6c6618ed7afa)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 19:59:31 by Clément Foucault

EEVEE: Refactor closure_lit_lib.glsl

This refactor was needed for some reasons:
- closure_lit_lib.glsl was unreadable and could not be easily extended to use new features.
- It was generating ~5K LOC for any shader. Slowing down compilation.
- Some calculations were incorrect and BSDF/Closure code had lots of workaround/hacks.

What this refactor does:
- Add some macros to define the light object loops / eval.
- Clear separation between each closures which now have separate files. Each closure implements the eval functions.
- Make principled BSDF a bit more correct in some cases (specular coloring, mix between glass and opaque).
- The BSDF term are applied outside of the eval function and on the whole lighting (was separated for lights before).
- Make light iteration last to avoid carrying more data than needed.
- Makes sure that all inputs are within correct ranges before evaluating the closures (use `safe_normalize` on normals).
- Making each BSDF isolated means that we might carry duplicated data (normals for instance) but this should be optimized by compilers.
- Makes Translucent BSDF its own closure type to avoid having to disable raytraced shadows using hacks.
- Separate transmission roughness is now working on Principled BSDF.
- Makes principled shader variations using constants. Removing a lot of duplicated code. This needed `const` keyword detection in `gpu_material_library.c`.
- SSR/SSS masking and data loading is a bit more consistent and defined outside of closure eval. The loading functions will act as accumulator if the lighting is not to be separated.
- SSR pass now do a full deferred lighting evaluation, including lights, in order to avoid interference with the closure eval code. However, it seems that the cost of having a global SSR toggle uniform is making the surface shader more expensive (which is already the case, by the way).
- Principle fully black specular tint now returns black instead of white.
- This fixed some artifact issue on my AMD computer on normal surfaces (which might have been some uninitialized variables).
- This touched the Ambient Occlusion because it needs to be evaluated for each closure. But to avoid the cost of this, we use another approach to just pass the result of the occlusion on interpolated normals and modify it using the bent normal for each Closure. This tends to reduce shadowing. I'm still looking into improving this but this is out of the scope of this patch.
- Performance might be a bit worse with this patch since it is more oriented towards code modularity. But not by a lot.

Render tests needs to be updated after this.

Reviewed By: jbakker
Differential Revision: https://developer.blender.org/D10390

# Conflicts:
#	source/blender/draw/engines/eevee/eevee_shaders.c
#	source/blender/draw/engines/eevee/shaders/common_utiltex_lib.glsl
#	source/blender/draw/intern/shaders/common_math_lib.glsl

---
## [mannkostir/react-native-trello](https://github.com/mannkostir/react-native-trello)@[cd38b49a2b...](https://github.com/mannkostir/react-native-trello/commit/cd38b49a2ba5719e48e4751abce75deae16eac33)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 21:03:50 by mannkostir

Fix layout mistake with modals + fix imports for touchableOpacity

Firstly, with this conditional rendering of modals, which has visible (!)
props. This time I hit my lows for real. Fixed them, phew.
Secondly, I discovered why modal buttons weren't working.
The mistake was inside import statements. TouchableOpacity was imported
from 'react-native-gesture-handler' instead of 'react-native'. Fixed that,
at least the ones I saw by now. That Intellisense bastard, those
we love the most cause us the worst pain.

---
## [MaxCannonWF/WebBaby.github.io](https://github.com/MaxCannonWF/WebBaby.github.io)@[bdf35931a2...](https://github.com/MaxCannonWF/WebBaby.github.io/commit/bdf35931a259622e619ca657bed83b7126226886)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 22:43:23 by Max Cannon

oops

Sorry I accidentally did something twice and pushed it to the master and meant to do it my branch and I'm huge idiot. Forgive me, I love you all. It shouldn't change anything on your end but you will seem an obnoxious amount of commits.

---
## [chiaski/chia-site](https://github.com/chiaski/chia-site)@[c0f563a9ba...](https://github.com/chiaski/chia-site/commit/c0f563a9ba992b2ffeb7aec33fb93f251ad21975)
#### Saturday 2021-02-13 23:44:47 by Chia Amisola

fix the ugly ass mobile version i want to fucking kill msyelf

---

# [<](2021-02-12.md) 2021-02-13 [>](2021-02-14.md)

