# [<](2021-01-15.md) 2021-01-16 [>](2021-01-17.md)

1,964,467 events, 1,100,807 push events, 1,573,357 commit messages, 111,966,293 characters


## [Zach-Tech/Zachary-Childers-CPT-206-Chap-3](https://github.com/Zach-Tech/Zachary-Childers-CPT-206-Chap-3)@[03f831194f...](https://github.com/Zach-Tech/Zachary-Childers-CPT-206-Chap-3/commit/03f831194f52fca8d1173a8f51f29d38dd9bf1c3)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 00:33:35 by Zachary Childers

i don't remember my changes to be honest
I did
- lower time on splash screen from 20 to 15
- make variable for clear button "BtnClear" instead of "btnClear" because VS was driving me insane with the ImPrOpEr NaMiNg despite it working just fucking fine.

continuing to do some tidying up before proj. submission.

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[d17fb1b436...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/d17fb1b43604a684b7eed0130722eac12549505c)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 02:54:24 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-01-15. See data notes for important messages.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

Upcoming changes (specific dates to be announced soon):

- The data structure of time series data will change in response to user feedback. This will only consist of adding additional columns to make the data easier to work with. The core columns will remain the same, for now. More details to follow. Initially, the updated dataset will be provided alongside the new dataset. After a time, the new data format will completely replace the old format.

Recent changes:

- 2021-01-08: The directories cases_extra and mortality_extra have been moved to other/cases_extra and other/mortality_extra.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, BC, MB, ON, SK); testing (NT).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 62 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 8,938 due to the withdrawal of 2 deaths that the investigation has shown not to be attributable to COVID-19. Among these 62 deaths, 9 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 41 have occurred between January 8 and January 13, 11 have occurred before January 8 and 1 has occurred at an unknown date.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [ArisiaInc/a21-remote-site](https://github.com/ArisiaInc/a21-remote-site)@[efff732794...](https://github.com/ArisiaInc/a21-remote-site/commit/efff732794f52e95d367ace27dc9068913c84286)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 04:29:40 by Mark "Justin du Coeur" Waks

Fix The Incredibly Stupid Cursor Bug

It looks like the ur-cause of the duplicate meetings that have been plaguing us today is the _scheduleCursor, which keeps track of where we are in the Schedule. Which is great in theory, but we were never actually *updating* that cursor in-memory, because I was tired and dumb.

On its own, this was innocuous, because we pull things off the front of the Schedule Queue as we start them. But whenever the Schedule *changes* (which it does fairly often), we would regenerate the whole queue, completely fail to remove the stuff that was already started (because we weren't updating the cursor), and restart all of these already-existing meetings. Hence, bazillions of duplicates.

This fixes that with the one-liner to actually update the cursor where we should have been doing all along.

We also add a belt-and-suspenders check when starting a program item: before doing so, we check the DB to see whether it was already started. In theory this should be irrelevant, but let's be careful.

NB: the reason I didn't notice this before is that bloody Zoom doesn't consider a meeting *real* unless it has two or more people in it. So it has been allowing the system to start lots of conflicting meetings in development without complaining at all.

Finally, this turns the timer back on, to begin starting stuff automatically again, since we believe this fixes the underlying problem.

---
## [meimei35/the-golden-chrysanthemum](https://github.com/meimei35/the-golden-chrysanthemum)@[a387cfa640...](https://github.com/meimei35/the-golden-chrysanthemum/commit/a387cfa640d47409d86584f1ac4f0e636683a1fc)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 05:36:50 by meimei35

Zetsubou No Shima opening clip (xd gonna finish mapping shit tmrw)

japanese dude:
どうやって手に入れたんだ
Richthofen: Im sorry i dont speak japanese
japanese dude: 誰か答えられないのか
Dempsey: The object in ur hand is gonna bring u nothing but pain belive me i know
japanese dude: ネズミどもを海に叩き落とせ
takeo: I am an envoy of the emperor himself I am no traitor

---
## [robertnoneman/amplifyapp](https://github.com/robertnoneman/amplifyapp)@[75ec7160da...](https://github.com/robertnoneman/amplifyapp/commit/75ec7160dabc6e6cc4dab39384449f110c0eedb7)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 07:39:50 by robertnoneman

Probably the worst code I've ever written in my life. Daily averages suck. Need to just use the HLY climate data for the daily forecast data, and set the interval to be in 6 hour increments so it maches up PURRRRRFECTLY. okay goodnight and happy birthday Rob.

---
## [mithunpaul08/transformers](https://github.com/mithunpaul08/transformers)@[67e1f68e4c...](https://github.com/mithunpaul08/transformers/commit/67e1f68e4cba8775bcf580e633145076a2036743)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 08:36:04 by mithunpaul08

ready to run on hpc. but for heavens sake i cant remmeber how to run shit on hpc..fuck my life..created a new folder on hpc called huggingface_bert_fever_to_fnc_run_training and will try to run training from it

---
## [UriBombastic/TurkishStarWarsBUILDS](https://github.com/UriBombastic/TurkishStarWarsBUILDS)@[de680b8919...](https://github.com/UriBombastic/TurkishStarWarsBUILDS/commit/de680b8919faf1eb4a43fee7bd333bb4ca61896b)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 08:43:40 by UriBombastic

Add files via upload

Fuck bro just work already god damn

---
## [ilammy/themis](https://github.com/ilammy/themis)@[56c04838be...](https://github.com/ilammy/themis/commit/56c04838bef747da29472ead10f7b4b36cb8bcee)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 09:08:56 by Alexei Lozovsky

use the same error code as in RSA, and add a comment to the RSA as well; this code base is amalzing; fuck you, OpenSSL

---
## [payday-restoration/restoration-mod](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod)@[bf4d09f79e...](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod/commit/bf4d09f79e3ac91592aa6be118ff465d39e36c9a)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 10:34:09 by Ravicale

Wip spawngroup/enemy changes for testing. Might be reverted, def being iterated, idk.

NOTE: Haven't applied any of this to Skirmish yet.

Spawn Caps:
  -1 shield, +1 medic on *most* difficulties.
  Map scaling uses math.round now, instead of math.floor.

Green Tanks:
  Spawns with M4 lights using shield-supporting tactics (to stick close to dozer).
  On higher diffs spawns with a grenadier and/or medic.
  Rough idea is to synergize with the hit-and-run tactics. Testing on smaller heists, I often found myself boxed into by grenadier smoke followed by the dozer charging me. M4s maintain some degree of threat on larger maps.

Black Tanks:
  Spawns with M4 lights using shield-supporting tactics.
  On higher diffs, can spawn with an aggressive Taser using DW_Tazer tactics and/or a medic.
  Basic idea is just to bumrush, tase someone, and nuke them. Felt a tad too mean when given shotgunner commons.

Skull Tanks:
  Spawns with M4 lights using shield supporting tactics that are replaced by R870 lights on DS.
  On higher diffs, can spawn with a Taser using CS_Tazer tactics and/or a medic.
  Similar gameplan to Black Tanks, but found it was generally harder to predict and counter.

Titan Tanks:
  Spawns with G36 heavies using shield-supporting tactics. Changed to R870s on DS.
  Can spawn with 2 medics because fuck you.
  Generally tankier enemies that are a bit harder to just clear out. Fits the suppression focus.

Medic (Unit):
  Heal cooldowns ~ halved globally, but with minimum of 2 seconds and max of 45 seconds.
    Medic cooldowns were so long they pretty much never could heal a second time. This is fine for dozers, but not on more common enemies.

Titan Shields:
  Made explosive/fire pool DR == 75% on all difficulties.

Shields, Titan Tasers:
  No longer immune to concussion grenades on DS/Any diff.

---
## [marilomidze/vertigo.github.io](https://github.com/marilomidze/vertigo.github.io)@[9fb625ae3c...](https://github.com/marilomidze/vertigo.github.io/commit/9fb625ae3c563ee326711af00b616166265e0c7d)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 16:17:10 by marilomidze

Create index.html

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8">
        <title>Project: Blog</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <style>
            body{
                background-color:rgb(209, 246, 255);
            }
            h1{
                color:rgb(25, 20, 179);
                font-family:fantasy;
                text-align:center;
                font-size:45px;
            }
            h2 {
                color:rgb(64, 0, 255);
                font-family:cursive;
                font-weight:bold;
                font-size:30px;
            }
            ul{
                background-color:rgb(234, 209, 255);
                text-align:right;
                font-size:20px;
                font-family:monospace;
                
            }
            h3{
                color:rgb(234, 171, 255);
                text-align:right;
                font-size:22px;
                font-family:monospace;
            }
        </style>
        <h1>vertigos's blog</h1>
        
        <h3>Trip to BTM</h3>
        <ul>
            <li><a href="#way">On our way!</a></li>
            <li><a href="#bday">my birthday</a></li>
            <li><a href="#best">the best day</a></li>
            <li>see U next year</li>
            
        </ul>
        
        <h2>On our way</h2>
        <h6>summer2020</h6>
        
        <p id="way"> Everything started when 5 best friends decided to spend their summer holiday together. No in reality we were 6. 5 of us traveled to the Batumi with train.it was 5 hour trip, at first we were so excited we played games, took funny videos and photos, ate all the snacks, made fun about other passangers, after 2 hours we got tired, we realy wanted to sleep but it was really hard because of the uncomfortable seats. The arriving time never came, time was going so slow, we were bored and at that time we saw the sea, this is the best feeling when you are seeing sea after very long time. we were so haapy that we fanilly made to Batumi, we went straight to our apartment. there is also a story of one of us who was coming from anotehr city, she took bus and we thought she woulb be in batumi way earlier than us, but turned out that she struggled more than us because she was on the ride for 7 or more hours and we arrived 2 hours earlier than herBut finally she came too and the girls trip was officially started.</p>
        
        <h2>my birthday</h2>
        <h6>07/08/2020</h6>
   <p id="bday"> After the day we arrived it was my birtday. being in batumi with my friend at my birtday was my all time dream. It was the perfect day. we dressed up, got wines and food, girls bought cake and everything was so perfect and without any expectation someone shoot the firework, we were so excited and haapy, took beutiful pictures and videos, drink and danced lot, and then we decided to go to beach it was 3 am and we bought some beers and made to the beach, we swimed a lot and listned some music, it was very fun. At this point there was also ather group of friends who had guitar and they heard that i had birthday, so they came and sang for me, it was so sweet.it really was the happiest birthday.</p>
   <h2>the best day</h2>
   <h6>09/08/2020</h6>
 <p id="best"> It was a concert day! we bought last tickets online and we were so excited because on of aour favorite band was playing.again we dressed up and walk through the boulvar. The concert was amazing, we danced and sang a lot, we came back home around 5, batumi is so beutiful  at night.</p>
    
       
    </body>
</html>

---
## [zeta96/L_soul_santoni_msm4.9](https://github.com/zeta96/L_soul_santoni_msm4.9)@[945eeb6d17...](https://github.com/zeta96/L_soul_santoni_msm4.9/commit/945eeb6d17d448d9a7a54c05cdb1d6b3dd288d0a)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 17:32:34 by dracarys18

printk: Dont print init related logs

Due to some fuckups from ROM side now the userspace spams my dmesg with following logs so ignore all init messages
once for all This is annoying as hell.

init: Could not find 'vendor.xiaomi.hardware.citsensorservice@1.1::ICitSensorService/default' for ctl.interface_start
init: Could not find 'vendor.xiaomi.hardware.citsensorservice@1.1::ICitSensorService/default' for ctl.interface_start

Signed-off-by: dracarys18 <karthihegde010@gmail.com>

---
## [michael-lazar/pygopherd](https://github.com/michael-lazar/pygopherd)@[76267b8d1d...](https://github.com/michael-lazar/pygopherd/commit/76267b8d1dbd3f4e8fe083ef8465bb2da5e24b17)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 19:48:52 by Michael Lazar

PACKAGE: Remove license stubs from the top of every file.

These notices are unnecessary to enforce GPL, they're ugly, and
they're a pain in the ass to keep updated. They do not enforce
anything that isn't already spelled out in the COPYING file.

My understanding is that GPL does not require that these duplicate
notices are preserved (only the overriding one in the COPYING file).

---
## [mamedev/mame](https://github.com/mamedev/mame)@[e370bd6034...](https://github.com/mamedev/mame/commit/e370bd60340244ab00f294494f4424e0b126ea63)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 19:49:08 by r09

fmtowns_cd.xml: 16 new dumps, 13 replacements, 6 missing floppies added

New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

Air Warrior V1.2L11 [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Emit Vol. 1 - Toki no Maigo (Demo) [redump.org]
Engage Errands - Miwaku no Shito-tachi [redump.org]
Engage Errands II - Hikari o Ninau Mono [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Hyper Planet Shiki Vol. 2 [Maddog]
Kikai Jikake no Marian [rockleevk]
Last Armageddon CD Special (Selon reprint) [redump.org]
Lua [redump.org]
Naru Mahjong [redump.org]
Nijiiro Denshoku Musume [redump.org]
Princess Danger [rockleevk]
Tactical Tank Corps DX [redump.org]
Tensen Nyannyan [redump.org]
Winning Post [redump.org]
WonPara Wars [redump.org]

New not working software list additions
---------------------------------------

Crayonnage [redump.org]

Replaced software list items
----------------------------

Bubble Bobble [redump.org]
Dragons of Flame [redump.org]
Exciting CD '94 Summer [redump.org]
Game Technopolis Super Collection 2 [redump.org]
Jan Jaka Jan [redump.org]
Kigen - Kagayaki no Hasha [redump.org]
Lupin Sansei - Hong Kong no Mashu - Fukushuu wa Meikyuu no Hate ni
[redump.org]
Megamorph [redump.org]
Record of Lodoss War - Haiiro no Majo [redump.org]
The Horde [redump.org]
Uchuu Kaitou Funny Bee [redump.org]
Wakoku Seiha Den [redump.org]
Zen Nihon Bishoujo Mahjong Senshuken Taikai - Heart de Ron!!
[redump.org]

Software list items promoted to working
---------------------------------------

Alice no Yakata CD II [wiggy2k]
Doki Doki Vacation - Kirameku Kisetsu no Naka de [wiggy2k]
Hyper Planet for Marty [cherokee]
Ms. Detective File #1 - Iwami Ginzan Satsujin Jiken (FM Towns Marty
version) [cherokee]
Sangokushi IV [akira_2020]
Sensual Angels [cherokee]

---
## [Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[405f89d754...](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/405f89d7542d39eab8ce26c6985591f4196ae59c)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 21:33:53 by Colin Wong

Remember when I said that was my biggest commit?

- Change reforge mat to vis sliver
- Nerf steel set bonus again
- Fix soul steal set bonus name
- Change order of starting items
- Disable unused betternether potted plant
- Change log burning to not throw errors
- Enable dropping glass shards from broken glass
- Update gravel when near it
- Enable glaretorch invis block deletion tool
  - Change deletion range to 1
- Remove candy cane sword
- Remove references to spectral silt
- Update AggroTP
- Consistency with "Block of _"
- Move several names from renamed_content.zs to their respective lang files
- Created almost a dozen lang files and populated another dozen
- Rename/texture nyx star blocks to astral blocks
  - New recipe with space-related things
- Rename meteor ingots to meteorite ingots (and other meteor name changes)
- Add names to contenttweaker items and blocks
- Give hardened nether sludge a recipe
- Give hellfire aesthetic a recipe with hellfire
- Reorganize scripts
- Remove unnecessary shields_baubles.zs
- Add cobble to rocks recipe
- Change sfs plating amount from anvil
- Add dry/wet soap conversions
- Properly name skyroot slabs
- Rename some "wooden" to "oak" for consistency with other wood types
- Hide several aether items
- Hide many many MANY unused items
- Add compass unbinding recipes
- Change grave scroll recipes
- Change cyclic plate button recipe
- Add defiledlands sapling/seed conversion recipes
- Comment out skull code
- Move more things out of CrT and into lang files
- Hide defiled lands enchantment books
- Add trans rune to true enchanting table upgrade
- Prevent nulls on skull break, but drop code doesn't work yet
- Remove tiny dust melting recipe
- Add recipe for fragile glass
- Remove tiny dust blast furnace recipe
- Add light essence to ultimate glaretorch recipe
- Add harvestcrafttweaker recipes, remove old presser recipes
- Remove market bug description
- Add camo dye description
- Add meteor stuff descs
- Add steel hacksaw description
- Change reforging station desc for baubles
- Add shard of night desc
- Hide unused time rune
- Hide CoT icons
- Add knowledge rune to natures compass
- Much refactoring for imports
- Change reforging station recipe from using wither ash to vis speck
- Add several items to quintessence oredicts, including cat's relic to trans quintessence :)
- Do away with rustic's tiny iron dust
- Change crop stake recipe to not conflict
- Clean up rustic furniture map
- Remove duplicate copper ingot recipe
- Hide toro scrolls using map
- Simplify nail recipes
- Hide twilight forest structure items
- Add vis specks to wards recipe

---
## [victor-codes-things/100daysofcode](https://github.com/victor-codes-things/100daysofcode)@[45d84c46cb...](https://github.com/victor-codes-things/100daysofcode/commit/45d84c46cb4f408cec4ad3f0c427464eddb6a982)
#### Saturday 2021-01-16 23:42:04 by victor-codes-things

Oh dear, I missed two days!

Job applications and family time ate in to my evenings the past two days. Tonight I've made time to do at least an hour and tomorrow planning to catch up on the missed hours!

Did an hour on forms in HTML

---

# [<](2021-01-15.md) 2021-01-16 [>](2021-01-17.md)

