# [<](2021-05-21.md) 2021-05-22 [>](2021-05-23.md)

2,032,779 events, 1,174,286 push events, 1,711,304 commit messages, 100,776,740 characters


## [mpv-player/mpv@f4e89dde36...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/f4e89dde36644edec7d09856ac83140317f0b687)
##### 2021-05-22 01:00:01 by Dudemanguy

wayland: simplify render loop

This is actually a very nice simplification that should have been
thought of years ago (sue me). In a nutshell, the story with the
wayland code is that the frame callback and swap buffer behavior doesn't
fit very well with mpv's rendering loop. It's been refactored/changed
quite a few times over the years and works well enough but things could
be better. The current iteration works with an external swapchain to
check if we have frame callback before deciding whether or not to
render. This logic was implemented in both egl and vulkan.

This does have its warts however. There's some hidden state detection
logic which works but is kind of ugly. Since wayland doesn't allow
clients to know if they are actually visible (questionable but
whatever), you can just reasonably assume that if a bunch of callbacks
are missed in a row, you're probably not visible. That's fine, but it is
indeed less than ideal since the threshold is basically entirely
arbitrary and mpv does do a few wasteful renders before it decides that
the window is actually hidden.

The biggest urk in the vo_wayland_wait_frame is the use of
wl_display_roundtrip. Wayland developers would probably be offended by
the way mpv abuses that function, but essentially it was a way to have
semi-blocking behavior needed for display-resample to work. Since the
swap interval must be 0 on wayland (otherwise it will block the entire
player's rendering loop), we need some other way to wait on vsync. The
idea here was to dispatch and poll a bunch of wayland events, wait (with
a timeout) until we get frame callback, and then wait for the compositor
to process it. That pretty much perfectly waits on vsync and lets us
keep all the good timings and all that jazz that we want for mpv. The
problem is that wl_display_roundtrip is conceptually a bad function. It
can internally call wl_display_dispatch which in certain instances,
empty event queue, will block forever. Now strictly speaking, this
probably will never, ever happen (once I was able to to trigger it by
hardcoding an error into a compositor), but ideally
vo_wayland_wait_frame should never infinitely block and stall the
player. Unfortunately, removing that function always lead to problems
with timings and unsteady vsync intervals so it survived many refactors.

Until now, of course. In wayland, the ideal is to never do wasteful
rendering (i.e. don't render if the window isn't visible). Instead of
wrestling around with hidden states and possible missed vblanks, let's
rearrange the wayland rendering logic so we only ever draw a frame when
the frame callback is returned to use (within a reasonable timeout to
avoid blocking forever).

This slight rearrangement of the wait allows for several simplifications
to be made. Namely, wl_display_roundtrip stops being needed. Instead, we
can rely entirely on totally nonblocking calls (dispatch_pending, flush,
and so on). We still need to poll the fd here to actually get the frame
callback event from the compositor, but there's no longer any reason to
do extra waiting. As soon as we get the callback, we immediately draw.
This works quite well and has stable vsync (display-resample and audio).
Additionally, all of the logic about hidden states is no longer needed.
If vo_wayland_wait_frame times out, it's okay to assume immediately that
the window is not visible and skip rendering.

Unfortunately, there's one limitation on this new approach. It will only
work correctly if the compositor implements presentation time. That
means a reduced version of the old way still has to be carried around in
vo_wayland_wait_frame. So if the compositor has no presentation time,
then we are forced to use wl_display_roundtrip and juggle some funny
assumptions about whether or not the window is hidden or not. Plasma is
the only real notable compositor without presentation time at this stage
so perhaps this "legacy" mechanism could be removed in the future.

---
## [JohnFulpWillard/fulpstation@f4a04ca124...](https://github.com/JohnFulpWillard/fulpstation/commit/f4a04ca1248ebd02b7f682f57a8770436097116e)
##### 2021-05-22 01:46:57 by SgtHunk

Updates Selenestation with directionals (#172)

* a lot of directional

commiting before i experiment more

* stuff before i continue

* SHOULD BE ALL???

* i dont want to play with you anymore

updatepaths my beloved locket gif

* yo mama

gets rid of strays and fixes a few fucked-up displays

Co-authored-by: Enricode <SgtHunk@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Koi-3088/ForkBot.NET@160cb4c446...](https://github.com/Koi-3088/ForkBot.NET/commit/160cb4c446e58a90ca1fd06d1625a6eda2c4d1de)
##### 2021-05-22 06:41:35 by Koi-3088

Minor clean.
Revise TradeCord "traded" check, remove potential user path straggler entries because paranoia, some minor fixes.
TradeCord fixes (shocker, I know).
Extract Json serializer.
Minor clean and fixes.
Minor fixes.
Fix Milcery when an Alcremie variant is a parent.
Update to latest Core and ALM dependencies.
Handle non-shiny events in a better way.
Work around a race condition?
Simplify and de-bugify trade completion check.
Fix indexing, improve chance for Melmetal-Gmax because it's nigh impossible to get.
Rework TradeCord internals, add new functionality:
-Migrate user data from ".txt" files to a serialized Json (migration for a large amount of users will take a few minutes, be patient).
-Make TradeCord configurable, add its own settings category.
-Add some template events with an optional end timer (YYYY/MM/DD 8PM as an example, though any local time format should work).
-Add barebones Pokedex (counter, flavor text).
-Can check dex completion by typing `$dex`, check missing entries by typing `$dex missing`.
-Completing the Pokedex will slightly improve shiny rate.
-Can now mass release cherish event Pokemon and shinies ($massrelease shiny/cherish).
-Various tweaks, improvements, and bugfixes.

Slightly change FixOT's behavior:
-If a shown Pokemon is illegal and an event, attempt to find a match within the MGDB first.
-Try to force users to trade away the shown Pokemon, log attempt to change shown Pokemon.
Add consideration for easter eggs being enabled in settings, fix Suicune
Change species rng for TradeCord, some bugfixes (I really need to rewrite this mess)
Add check if we're using ListUtil for Giveaway instead of TradeCord.
Amend commit since I'm squashing and force-pushing while bringing the fork in line with the main branch
Add Giveaway module to Discord bot (#22)

Thanks, rigrassm.
Co-authored-by: Koi-3088 <61223145+Koi-3088@users.noreply.github.com>
Specify USB port instead of adding the first result (can be found via Device Manager).
Re-add boolean check because we don't want to fix everything
FixOT will attempt to regenerate illegal Pokémon.
Apply trash bytes for reasons.
Minor TradeCord fixes and adjustments.
Minor clean for C#9
Use "GetValidPreEvolutions()" instead of "GetPreEvolutions()".
Index forms correctly.
Fix the fixed and re-introduced empty daycare index error.
*an* Ultra Ball.
Add EvoTree breeding for TradeCord.
Remove unnecessary value declarations for pinging on encounter match.
Mildly beautify EncounterBot mark output.
Integrate Anubis' system update prevention into Soft Reset and Regigigas Encounter Modes.
Rename "Regi" Encounter Mode to "Soft Reset".
Speed up "A" clicks for Regigigas and Soft Reset modes.
Add Mark logging output for EncounterBot.
Fix oops (re-order logic, remove unnecessary lines).
Add optional species and form specification for $massrelease
Use an obscure string splitter because people like symbols in their names.
Fix things that broke after rebasing to the latest main repo commit.
Use a less unfortunate field name and value splitter...again.
Fix Marowak-Alola always generating as an NPC trade.
Add filters for "$list <species>" to narrow down results.
Fix Cherish Pichu and Octillery
Stop making dumb mistakes, me (implying the rest of it isn't a dumb mistake).
Can't breed antiques.
Use a less unfortunate embed name and value splitter
Add Melmetal-Gmax to TradeCord.
Add ability to search by caught ball.
Have MassRelease ignore events.
Add specific regional form breeding.
Revise egg rate and egg shiny chance.
Have trade evolutions hold an Everstone.
Add an extra right click when navigating to settings for AutoRoll.
Add reworked encounter/egg/fossil logs.
Minor clean.
Minor clean.
Get rid of EncounterBot, FossilBot, EggFetch text logs until I properly rework them.
Break on an empty page due to aggressive rounding
Add multi-page lists for Tradecord.
More random bugfixes.
Fix some bugs before major clean
Add Language parameter for TradeCord.
Change trainer info input format for TradeCord.
Move focus on Showdown set instead of randomizing a pkm file.
Allow user to enter whatever they want for $list, handle edge cases like Kommo-o
Add "$list all" to show non-duplicate caught species.
Automatically remove from favorites if trading or gifting (small QOL thing).
Change how favorites are removed from user file.
Revert base egg shiny chance nerf.
Fix daycare
Add favorites command to TradeCord.
Slightly nerf eggs.
Fix TradeCord list for shinies
Add TradeCord (my dumbest and messiest project so far, Archit pls don't hate the mess).
Add Showdown output for Star/Square shinies and OTGender.
Add optional link code input for FixOT.
Change how OTName, TID, SID is displayed.
Add Regigigas SR bot.
Add SoJ Camp SR bot.
Ribbons now work with EggTrade (remove ribbons if egg).
Remove EggRoll.
Add another filter for FixOT
Fix.. FixOT
Update offsets for EncounterBot catching.
Slightly change StrongSpawn to work with Regi SR and make it its own mode.
Make SpinTrade only available for USB-Botbase
Update valid eggs for CT
winforms: resize icon.ico to fix crash at startup on unix using mono
Rework Spin, read initial in-game coordinates in order to correct drift
Add TID, SID, Language output for Showdown
Remove obsolete OT and Language parsing
Very minor clean until I have time for a proper one.
Detach controller when stopping USB bot.
Actually set LastUsedBall for EncounterBot (missed when bringing in line with main repo)
Move extra RaidBot timings following the official commit
Remove PKHeX Discord invite from Readme.md

Maybe fewer people will pester devs now about my unofficial fork?
Update for latest main repo EncounterBot commits.
Update README.md
Add back best commit: Red's SpinTrade.
Add egg trades, foreign Dittos and OT for Twitch.
If ItemMule is enabled, also display the item a user is receiving.
Add periodic time sync toggle for all methods of hosting (except for non-soft locked AutoRoll) to (hopefully) prevent den rollover during extended hosts.

Add routine to exit a lobby for SoftLock if no players are ready in time (to preserve soft lock).

Add a routine to recover from disbanded lobbies (when someone disconnects unexpectedly) for SoftLock.

Add a routine to restart game if all else fails and we're stuck in a raid.

Add a routine for adding and deleting friends if we're soft locked and raids go empty.

Slightly reorganize settings, extract methods, minor clean.
Don't use such a generic file name for stream assets.
Check USB port index for running bots. Should fix adding additional USB bots when no config is saved.
Add fixed met date for FixOT.
How do I boolean
Change airplane mode logic, tweak timings and routine for soft lock lobby exit
Rework EggRoll cooldown (static list in favor of a txt file).
Start clean up and refactor
Add setting to increase delay after pressing "Home" after a date skip.
Use USB port index for blocking and sprite pngs if connection type is USB
Add option for airplane host (usb-botbase required)
Add option to softlock on selected species for AutoRoll
Add automatic compatibility for all console languages when date skipping (have to set ConsoleLanguage under ScreenDetection)
Attempt to fix multiple USB device add and connect...again
Minor clean
Fix oops?
Handle add/remove of bots
Distinguish between multiple USB devices, tweak BotRemoteControl for USB, other various fixes
Add SpA modifier for foreign Dittos
Add alpha USB-Botbase support
Fix DateTime parsing for European format for EggRoll
Set fixed EggMetDate and MetDate for EggRoll
More FixOT filters
Remove Beheeyem. Oops.
Split EggRoll into its own routine and trade type, only output "Receiving: Mysterious Egg" if routine is EggRoll, other minor tweaks and fixes
Make FixOT its own queue with roles and counts
Add a couple more OTs to $fix
Parsing for EggRaffle auto-clear and $clearcooldown
Adjust timings and split Watt collecting clicks for AutoRoll
Fix oops with file attachments for Ditto
Further improvements for OT, memes for invalid pokemon (disable EasterEggs)
Add spaces, digits for OT
Randomize memes, cut down bloat
Fix miscellaneous bots after Anubis' recent QOL additions
-Ignore events for OT because headache.
-Add overlooked "$convert <generation>" input for OT.
-Move $clearcooldown to SudoModule
-Clear timer automatically if NoTrainerFound
-More reliable Dittos
-Foreign Dittos for $convert
-Command to clear cooldown for EggRaffle in case trade gets disconnected
-Fix "Trade finished" line to keep result secret
-EggRaffle as a toggle, option to specify channels
-Seed Check output to both DMs and Channel (apparently some want it)
-Randomly generated egg raffle via a "$roll" command with a configurable cooldown
-FixAdOT reworked, has its own command "$fix" and no longer overrides $clone
-Ball: <value> output for Showdown sets
-Fix oversight
-Option to output Seed Check results to Discord channel with a User mention
-Showdown set output for OT name and eggs
-Basic "OT: <name>" option without Showdown set output
-Initial $convert support for EggTrade
-Egg moves for EggTrade test attempt
-Minor update
-EggTrade (by nicknaming a Pokémon "Egg" using $trade)
-Failsafe for memes if enabled but field left blank or incomplete
-Niche breedable Ditto trade mode.
Add minimize button
EggFetch text logs
StrongSpawn mode for EncounterBot
Re-add EncounterBot Master Ball catching
More parsing for FixAdOTs
Park Ball as held item instead of string
Actually remove the offset instead of saying I did
Initial DLC commit
Faster code entry
Removed catching for EncounterBot (need a new offset)
CloneBot mode to fix Nickname and OT if adverts detected

---
## [Hazado/moul-assets@a9e9fc70e9...](https://github.com/Hazado/moul-assets/commit/a9e9fc70e91e1b6aa01ebdd5937ec59e0fa3c855)
##### 2021-05-22 15:48:13 by Edmond Mondor

Initial Animation Import

Animations are added to be used globally.
I've tested the wall climbing animations in Gahreesen with no issue.
/dance2 works male and female

Translations done using google translate

Steps for converting CC Animation to Moula Animation
1. use libhsplasma prcdc.exe program to convert to XML file (prcdc.exe "location/of/cc/animation.prp" -o "location/to/save/xml/animation.xml")
2. open xml, rename the ageName to whatever age you want to use it in
3. change the location tags to be a new number (Location="-2;76" -> Location="-1;386")
4. change the plSceneNode's plKey Name to match the name of age (<plKey Name="Gahreesen_District_FemaleWallClimbDismountDown" -> <plKey Name="GlobalAnimations_District_FemaleWallClimbDismountDown")
5. Male Animations only - do a replace (ctrl+h) of "UpperArm" to "UpperArm2"
6. Male Animations only - remove all "Pinky" AppSets.
7. run libhsplasma prcc.exe on the xml using -v moul (prcc.exe -v moul "location/of/cc/animation.xml" -o "location/to/save/prp/animation.prp")

Co-authored-by: dpogue <darryl@dpogue.ca>

---

# [<](2021-05-21.md) 2021-05-22 [>](2021-05-23.md)

