# [<](2021-11-17.md) 2021-11-18 [>](2021-11-19.md)

3,312,178 events, 1,714,460 push events, 2,650,086 commit messages, 207,069,330 characters


## [cubem10/android_kernel_goldfish](https://github.com/cubem10/android_kernel_goldfish)@[872b11be53...](https://github.com/cubem10/android_kernel_goldfish/commit/872b11be53a4594c39262433c4176176fcb12bd2)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 02:51:09 by Daniel Borkmann

net: sctp: fix ipv6 ipsec encryption bug in sctp_v6_xmit

[ Upstream commit 95ee62083cb6453e056562d91f597552021e6ae7 ]

Alan Chester reported an issue with IPv6 on SCTP that IPsec traffic is not
being encrypted, whereas on IPv4 it is. Setting up an AH + ESP transport
does not seem to have the desired effect:

SCTP + IPv4:

  22:14:20.809645 IP (tos 0x2,ECT(0), ttl 64, id 0, offset 0, flags [DF], proto AH (51), length 116)
    192.168.0.2 > 192.168.0.5: AH(spi=0x00000042,sumlen=16,seq=0x1): ESP(spi=0x00000044,seq=0x1), length 72
  22:14:20.813270 IP (tos 0x2,ECT(0), ttl 64, id 0, offset 0, flags [DF], proto AH (51), length 340)
    192.168.0.5 > 192.168.0.2: AH(spi=0x00000043,sumlen=16,seq=0x1):

SCTP + IPv6:

  22:31:19.215029 IP6 (class 0x02, hlim 64, next-header SCTP (132) payload length: 364)
    fe80::222:15ff:fe87:7fc.3333 > fe80::92e6:baff:fe0d:5a54.36767: sctp
    1) [INIT ACK] [init tag: 747759530] [rwnd: 62464] [OS: 10] [MIS: 10]

Moreover, Alan says:

  This problem was seen with both Racoon and Racoon2. Other people have seen
  this with OpenSwan. When IPsec is configured to encrypt all upper layer
  protocols the SCTP connection does not initialize. After using Wireshark to
  follow packets, this is because the SCTP packet leaves Box A unencrypted and
  Box B believes all upper layer protocols are to be encrypted so it drops
  this packet, causing the SCTP connection to fail to initialize. When IPsec
  is configured to encrypt just SCTP, the SCTP packets are observed unencrypted.

In fact, using `socat sctp6-listen:3333 -` on one end and transferring "plaintext"
string on the other end, results in cleartext on the wire where SCTP eventually
does not report any errors, thus in the latter case that Alan reports, the
non-paranoid user might think he's communicating over an encrypted transport on
SCTP although he's not (tcpdump ... -X):

  ...
  0x0030: 5d70 8e1a 0003 001a 177d eb6c 0000 0000  ]p.......}.l....
  0x0040: 0000 0000 706c 6169 6e74 6578 740a 0000  ....plaintext...

Only in /proc/net/xfrm_stat we can see XfrmInTmplMismatch increasing on the
receiver side. Initial follow-up analysis from Alan's bug report was done by
Alexey Dobriyan. Also thanks to Vlad Yasevich for feedback on this.

SCTP has its own implementation of sctp_v6_xmit() not calling inet6_csk_xmit().
This has the implication that it probably never really got updated along with
changes in inet6_csk_xmit() and therefore does not seem to invoke xfrm handlers.

SCTP's IPv4 xmit however, properly calls ip_queue_xmit() to do the work. Since
a call to inet6_csk_xmit() would solve this problem, but result in unecessary
route lookups, let us just use the cached flowi6 instead that we got through
sctp_v6_get_dst(). Since all SCTP packets are being sent through sctp_packet_transmit(),
we do the route lookup / flow caching in sctp_transport_route(), hold it in
tp->dst and skb_dst_set() right after that. If we would alter fl6->daddr in
sctp_v6_xmit() to np->opt->srcrt, we possibly could run into the same effect
of not having xfrm layer pick it up, hence, use fl6_update_dst() in sctp_v6_get_dst()
instead to get the correct source routed dst entry, which we assign to the skb.

Also source address routing example from 625034113 ("sctp: fix sctp to work with
ipv6 source address routing") still works with this patch! Nevertheless, in RFC5095
it is actually 'recommended' to not use that anyway due to traffic amplification [1].
So it seems we're not supposed to do that anyway in sctp_v6_xmit(). Moreover, if
we overwrite the flow destination here, the lower IPv6 layer will be unable to
put the correct destination address into IP header, as routing header is added in
ipv6_push_nfrag_opts() but then probably with wrong final destination. Things aside,
result of this patch is that we do not have any XfrmInTmplMismatch increase plus on
the wire with this patch it now looks like:

SCTP + IPv6:

  08:17:47.074080 IP6 2620:52:0:102f:7a2b:cbff:fe27:1b0a > 2620:52:0:102f:213:72ff:fe32:7eba:
    AH(spi=0x00005fb4,seq=0x1): ESP(spi=0x00005fb5,seq=0x1), length 72
  08:17:47.074264 IP6 2620:52:0:102f:213:72ff:fe32:7eba > 2620:52:0:102f:7a2b:cbff:fe27:1b0a:
    AH(spi=0x00003d54,seq=0x1): ESP(spi=0x00003d55,seq=0x1), length 296

This fixes Kernel Bugzilla 24412. This security issue seems to be present since
2.6.18 kernels. Lets just hope some big passive adversary in the wild didn't have
its fun with that. lksctp-tools IPv6 regression test suite passes as well with
this patch.

 [1] http://www.secdev.org/conf/IPv6_RH_security-csw07.pdf

Reported-by: Alan Chester <alan.chester@tekelec.com>
Reported-by: Alexey Dobriyan <adobriyan@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Daniel Borkmann <dborkman@redhat.com>
Cc: Steffen Klassert <steffen.klassert@secunet.com>
Cc: Hannes Frederic Sowa <hannes@stressinduktion.org>
Acked-by: Vlad Yasevich <vyasevich@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [Panchajanya1999/msm-4.14](https://github.com/Panchajanya1999/msm-4.14)@[b9e1b05435...](https://github.com/Panchajanya1999/msm-4.14/commit/b9e1b0543573be961dc9255b278d947542ee5221)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 06:49:55 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
(cherry picked from commit 3b29164b2c5b988c77674e5a46d06c17f0c96d24)
Signed-off-by: Panchajanya1999 <panchajanya@azure-dev.live>

---
## [petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3)@[707a590af2...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3/commit/707a590af2d783cc2e5ae03bf560246431b2b1a7)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 10:47:36 by petrero

10.4. Filtering to Return only Approved Answers

  Creating Question::getApprovedAnswers()
  - Cool. But how do we actually hide the non-approved answers from the frontend?

  Go back to the homepage... and find a question with a lot of answers. This one has 10, so there's a pretty good chance that one of these is not approved and should be hidden. But how can we hide those answers?

  Inside of show.html.twig, we get the answers by saying question.answers.

  So this is calling $question->getAnswers(), which, of course, returns all of the related answers.

  We could solve this by going back to QuestionController and, in the show() action, executing a custom query through the AnswerRepository where question equals this question and status = approved... and then passing that array into the template.

  But... ugggh, I don't want to do that! I still want to be able to use a nice shortcut method in my template! It makes my life so much easier! So... let's do that!

  In the Question class... anywhere, but right after getAnswers() makes sense, create a new function called getApprovedAnswers(). This will return a Collection, just like getAnswers(): Collection is the common interface that ArrayCollection and PersistentCollection both implement.

  Inside, we're going to loop over the answers and remove any that are not approved. We could do this with a foreach loop... but there's a helper method on Collection for exactly this.

  Return $this->answers->filter() and pass this a callback with an $answer argument. This callback will be executed one time for each Answer object inside the answers collection. If we return true, it will be included in the final collection that's returned. And if we return false, it won't. So we're taking the answers collection and filtering it.

  Inside the callback, we need to check if this answer's status is "approved". Instead of doing that here, let's add a helper method inside of Answer.

  Down here, add public function isApproved() that will return a boolean. Inside, we need return $this->status === self::STATUS_APPROVED.

  Back over in Question, it's easy: include this answer if $answer->isApproved().

  Sweet! We now have a new method inside of Question that will only return approved answers. All we need to do now is use this our template. In show.html.twig, use it in both spots: question.approvedAnswers... and question.approvedAnswers.

  There's also a spot on the homepage where we show the count... make sure to use question.approvedAnswers here too.

  Ok! Moment of truth. Right now we have 10 answers on this question. When I refresh... oh, it's still 10! Boo. We either have a bug... or that was bad luck and this question has only approved answers. Click back. Find another question that has a lot of answers. Let's see... try this one. We got it! This question originally had 11 answers, but now that we're only showing approved answers, we see 6.

  So... this works! But.... there's a performance problem... and you may have spotted it. Open up the profiler to see the queries. We're still querying for all of the answers WHERE question_id = 457. But then... we're only rendering the six approved ones. That's wasteful! What we really want is some way to have this nice getApprovedAnswers() method... but make it query only for the approved answers... instead of querying for all of them and filtering them in PHP.

  Is that possible? Yes! Via an amazing "criteria" system.

---
## [petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3)@[9c868fdedc...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3/commit/9c868fdedc51dc996bfb4122edce868ddb80c085)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 10:47:36 by petrero

11.1. Collection Criteria for Custom Relation Queries

  When we render the answers for a question, we only want to render the approved answers. I got clever and did this by adding a getApprovedAnswers() method. It loops over all of the answers... but then returns only the approved ones.

  The problem with this approach is... performance. It's pretty silly to query for every Answer related to this question... and then only render some of them.

  Realistically, if there are only ever a few non-approved answers, this is no big deal. But if it's possible that a question could have many non-approved answers, this page could really slow down. Imagine querying for 200 answers because some SPAM bot hit our site... only to render 6 of them.

  Unfortunately, because we're in an entity, we can't simply grab the AnswerRepository service from inside of this method and create a custom query. So... are we stuck? Do we need to back up to our controller and do a custom query for the answers there?

  Fortunately, no! These Doctrine Collection objects have a few tricks up their sleeves, including a special "criteria" system for just this situation. It allows us to describe how we want to filter the answers and then it uses that when it queries!

  Creating the Criteria Expression
  - Remove the filter stuff entirely... and instead say $criteria = Criteria - the one from Doctrine\Collections - ::create().

  This object "kind of" looks like a query builder. For example, it has an ->andWhere() method. The big difference is what we put inside of this. Instead of a simple string, we need to use a criteria "expression": Criteria::expr(), ->eq() - for equals - and pass this status: the property we want to use in the WHERE. For the second arg, use Answer::STATUS_APPROVED.

  This Criteria object now "describes" how we want to filter the answers: "where status = approved". To use this say $this->answers->matching().

  For me, the criteria syntax - especially the expression stuff - is a little cryptic. But it's still usually pretty easy to create whatever logic I need. And, most importantly, it gets the job done.

  Check it out: we have 6 approved answers now. After we refresh... good: this still renders 6 answers. Open the Doctrine profiler to look at the queries. And... amazing! When we call getApprovedAnswers(), it now queries from answer where question_id equals this question and status = 'approved! Even the COUNT() query above this is smart!

  So... that's the criteria system! And other than getting a little bit fancier with the expressions you create... it's just that simple and powerful. It's one of my favorite secrets inside Doctrine.

---
## [UtoECat/slimeengine-dev](https://github.com/UtoECat/slimeengine-dev)@[ca93ea6c9d...](https://github.com/UtoECat/slimeengine-dev/commit/ca93ea6c9d10aa5cdf475612204c57a93fa2a72c)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 11:05:56 by UtoECat

fuck my mind

i hate my brain. i rewrite this bullshit so many fuckin times. actually after small week i rewrite it, take a relax for week, and rewrite it another once. AAAAGH!

---
## [petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3)@[2d9bd6259b...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/doctrine-relations-symfony-5.3/commit/2d9bd6259b72282afe03584997c295930583f1f5)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 11:17:56 by petrero

14.1. Joining Across a Relationship & The N + 1 Problem

  Look at the queries on this page: there are 8... or for you there might be 11, 10 or 9: it depends on how many unique questions these 10 answers are related to.

  The N+1 Problem
  - Whatever your number is, that's a lot of queries for such a simple page! The cause of all of this is the N+1 problem.

  Look at the queries in the profiler. The first is for the answers: where status is approved, ordered by the most votes DESC, limit 10. Simple enough. Then, each time we render an answer, we also render that answer's question text. The moment we do that, Doctrine makes a second query from the question table to get that answer's question data: so in this case WHERE id = 463. Then we render the second answer... and make another query to get its question data... which is this third query.

  Ultimately, we end up with 1 query to get the 10 answers plus 10 more queries: one for each answer's question. That's the N + 1 problem. Well, if two answers share the same question, you might have less than 11 queries - but it's still not great.

  This is a classic problem that's really easy to trigger when using a nice system like Doctrine. In AnswerController, we simply query for the answers.

  Then, as we loop over them and render _answer.html.twig, we innocently render answer.questionText and answer.question.slug.

  It doesn't look like much, but those lines trigger an extra query.

  The point is: we end up with a lot of queries on this page and, in theory, we shouldn't need so many! Let's think: in a normal database, how would we solve this? Thinking about the query, we could select the most popular answers and then INNER JOIN over to the question table to grab that data all at once. Yup, one query to return both the answer and question data.

  Joining in a QueryBuilder
  - Can we add a join with Doctrine? Of course! Head over to AnswerRepository, to the findMostPopular() method. It's this simple: ->innerJoin() passing this answer.question and then question.

  Remember: answer is the alias we're using for our Answer entity. So the answer.question part refers to the question property on the Answer class. This basically tells Doctrine:

    Hey! I want you to do an inner join across the answer.question relationship.

  We don't need to tell Doctrine how to join like you would in a normal query... we don't need to say "JOIN question ON answer.question_id = question.id". Nope! Doctrine looks at the $question property in Answer, sees that it's a relationship over to the question table and then generates the SQL needed automatically. It's awesome!

  The second argument isn't important yet, but this becomes the "alias" to the Question entity, just like how answer is the alias to the Answer entity.

  The 2 Reasons to Join
  - Ok, so let's try this! Close the profiler, refresh and... hmm. We have the same number of queries! So... that didn't work.

  Open up the profiler. If you look at the first query... cool! There's the inner join! And it's perfect: Doctrine generated the exact SQL needed. So then... why do we still have all these extra queries? Shouldn't Doctrine be able to get all the question data from the first?

  Yes... but the problem is that, while we did join over to the question table... we didn't actually select any question data. It's still only selecting from answer. This is more obvious if we look at the formatted query. It joins to question, but only selects from answer.

  This leads us to an important point! There are two reasons that you might use a JOIN in a query. The first is when you want to select more data, and that's our situation: we want to select all the answer and question data.

  The second situation is when you want to join across a relationship... not to select more data, but to filter or order the results based on something in the joined table. We'll see that in a minute.

---
## [C-MIA421/AMERICAN-BORN-world-collaborated](https://github.com/C-MIA421/AMERICAN-BORN-world-collaborated)@[19fd7a77a5...](https://github.com/C-MIA421/AMERICAN-BORN-world-collaborated/commit/19fd7a77a56c8c122c37c615ccadbfb9622b52ed)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 11:37:49 by C-MIA421

SIMPLE REQUEST FOR USE

All I ask is that you please stay true to what you believe in because that is what makes you YOU! That is why it's so great to be AMERICAN. You are free to be you! Always remember YOUR GOD AND BELIEF IS FIRST.. STAND FIRM AND OBEY YOUR LAW! the world will fallow if over all.. you're true to your faith and willing to prove to the WORLD that you are YOU! 50/50 good/bad equality but in the right places of action YOU HAVE GOOD MENTALITY TO BE A BADASS AT EVERYTHING YOU DO! YOU MAY NOT HAVE A NEGATIVE MIND OR YOU LOSE! Only for the moment.. STAY POSITIVE AND RESITE THIS EVERYDAY! SEE YOU WHEN YOU WIN!!!

---
## [odoo-dev/odoo](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo)@[414854df9e...](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo/commit/414854df9eda0625077cdc99c87c8c6a6a849a04)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 12:22:47 by Julien Castiaux

http.py json_dispatch and a bit of RPC

The implementation of `@route(type='json')`. If you were expecting a
simple implementation such as

    self.params = json.loads(self.httprequest.get_data())
    result = endpoint(**self.params)
    return Response(json.dumps(result), 200, [
        ('Content-Type', 'application/json),
    ]

you might be surprises to read about JSON-RPC2. Yup some guy decided it
would be cute to add a bunch of useless things (all three jsonrpc,
method and id are basically ignored). Also that context stuff? Just
throw it in the params, nobody will notice (I did :eyes:). The error
handling has some gotchas too (but it is coming in another commit).

The best is that most endpoints type='json' are... implementing another
RPC layer on top of JSON-RPC2. Typical request:

    POST /web/dataset/call_kw HTTP/1.1
    Content-Type: application/json

    {
        jsonrpc: "2.0",
        id: null,
        method: 'call',
        params: {
            'model': 'res.partner',
            'method': 'create',
            'args': [...],
            'kwargs': {},
            'context': {},
        }
    }

Honorable mentions: /jsonrpc, /web/dataset/*

Why am I so salty? It is because there is nothing I can do to change the
current implementation. Changing the implementation would break the
current API which is working fine. It would be a cross-team effort as
both the JS Framework and the SaaS would be impacted. By the way, there
was an effort to reduce the cumbersome  XML-RPC layer, they are
odoo/odoo#3989 and odoo/odoo#67388, #3989 is 7 years old... yeah... not
doing it again for jsonrpc. I blame nobody, JSON-RPC is cute indeed,
just... not very useful here :( (same goes for XML-RPC without #3989)

The `dispatch_rpc` function have been moved to the `service` module
where it really belongs. The two options --log-request and
--log-response were pouring the logs with useless informations,
sometimes twice (i.e. /jsonrpc). The logging level was debug because it
annoys people to have the whole `params` logged. It would be better to
introduce a bit of logging (info level) in every "rpc over rpc"-like
controller methods. Duty for another PR? I myself use mitmproxy whenever
I want the complete logs (request+response) of the web server.

By the way, the logs in `service/server.py` were not using the "correct"
logger name, it seemed to be dead code to me so I removed it too, heh.

---
## [msweet53/Engineering_4_Notebook](https://github.com/msweet53/Engineering_4_Notebook)@[c8da454e33...](https://github.com/msweet53/Engineering_4_Notebook/commit/c8da454e3398a50bbadea8d50f7a0955e28852e9)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 15:39:11 by msweet53

fukc this stupid ass assignment this shit made me go insane istg there better not be any more assingments like this or my head will fucking explode

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[8df7eeb080...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8df7eeb08030fabac6b7d04c583fd09657029822)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 18:30:14 by Marko Grdinić

"11:45am. I am up, and why is the internet down again? At any rate, I slept quite well.

11:55am. Messing with it seems to have fixed it.

12:10pm. Let me have breakfast and do the chores first. I'll put in some overtime today to make up for missing the morning session.

1:30pm. Finally done with chores. Sheesh, today it went on forever.

2pm. Done with breakfast.

2:05pm. Let me start. Today I am thinking that I should do my work in the Illustrator. I feel that I am over reaching in trying to get good. I should just master the basic style and get on with it.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/lets-paint-a-tire-pt1

Let me watch this and then I will try to immitate it.

https://youtu.be/GRxWee6RHQM?t=263

How did he manage this? It is behind the two circles in front, but in front of the one that should be last.

Edit: Ah, he probably used one of the layers as a clipping mask. Right. Can't forge that.

2:20pm. Let me give it a try. Nevermind the graining rendering, I'll do it normally in the illustrator.

2:35pm. I am giving it a try. The gradient tool is a massive pain in the ass to work with. It would be one thing if it were like the curve tool, but this is just spew.

No I need the painting capabilities of raster software after all...

Is what I want to say, but let me try pushing it a bit further. I should at least try to do one thing to completion.

https://youtu.be/1gA0k3qiASI
How to use the Freeform Gradient Tool (THREE TRICKS) Illustrator Tutorial

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/1gA0k3qiASI?t=225

Yeah, it really has been bothering me how I have to change everything individually.

https://youtu.be/1gA0k3qiASI?t=498

Actually, this video he is recommending seems cool.

https://youtu.be/i55bgr5mxVo?t=6

No, this is not good enough. This is not the look I am going for. I am going to work in CSP after all.

Let me try again.

Hmmm, what is a selection layer? Ah, it takes a selection and turns it into an layer.

3:05pm. I just figured out something interesting. Fill is sensitive to opacity.

Wait, wait wait. Quick mask is in fact a regular layer than then gets turned into an selection.

That means it is possible to do the thing that I thought was impossible yesterday which is taking regular layer data and turning it into a mask.

Are quick masks the same as selection layers?

3:20pm. Oh my god, I had no idea that Clip Studio selections were so advanced. Yesterday I figured out that I can just control + click on the layer thumbnail to get a selection of the whole layer, but I noticed that this would not put the selection border around the less opaque areas. I completely thought of selection as a binary thing, but in CSP it is completely opacity sensitive. Selections and masks are always real valued. It is really a trivial thing to convert a regular layer to a quick mask/selection layer and vice versa.

Not only that, but fills are also opacity sensitive. So are deletions.

3:35pm. This is going to be super useful, especially for doing those tire patterns. I was really wondering how I was going to deal with that. Does CSP have something similar to the wrap tool. I'll have to look into it.

https://ask.clip-studio.com/en-us/detail?id=18721
Is there a way to warp a selected area (like in Photoshop)?

http://www.clip-studio.com/site/gd_en/csp/userguide/csp_userguide/500_menu/500_menu_edit_transformation_mesh.htm

4:45pm. Aghhhh, now that tired shape is giving me trouble. I do not know how to mirror and then connect it exactly. Shit. Copying it is a huge pain in the ass. Instead of using the inbuilt thing I'd have been better off just copying the entire layer.

https://youtu.be/2b4ie_FjrVc?t=66

Eyeballing the thing on the picture gave me a significantly different mental model than what I see here. How did he mirror it?

Oh, obviously there should be a way of flipping the layer.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ClipStudio/comments/e2n78k/simple_aspect_i_cant_figure_out_how_to_flip_a/
> Lasso figure, then go to Edit-->Transform-->Flip Horizontally/Flip Vertically.

You can add shortcut to those commands to your Selection Launcher Settings and/or the Command Bar Settings so you don't have to go through the menu.

Let me take a break here.

5:10pm. Let me resume. Let me repeat the drawing. The way I am doing it is wrong.

5:25pm. What I am trying to do here is turning out much harder than I thought it would.

All I am trying to do is carve out that shape so I get a smooth gap. I thought that the vector eraser would be what I need, but it giving me weird results.

5:45pm. GGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!

https://youtu.be/2b4ie_FjrVc?t=63

Trying to do this shit with CSP's tools is impossible. I've been trying to draw that simple shape for what must be over an hour. Shit.

6:10pm. In the end, I sketched it out using the pen and then connected it with vectors. That worked.

Right now my rage gauge is at 8/10. And trying to figure out how to make the pattern repeat is pushing it even higher.

Seriously fuck vectors. Sketching should be done the regular way after all. Vectors are just for fine tuning the lines.

6:10pm. That the internet is slow and wonky is just adding to my frustration.

6:15pm. I am trying to find a quick tip for how to space out an object and all I get is 20m videos. The Ctrl Paint guy does it in 5 seconds. I've wasted so much time on shit today.

6:20pm. https://tips.clip-studio.com/en-us/articles/2870

Making progress.

Oh, it is good I found how to activate the grid. That should improve my coordination.

6:35pm. Lunch time.

6:50pm. Let me resume.

6:55pm. Damn it, I can't get the materials to work properly. Sigh, this wasn't what I had in mind. I really should have just gone with Photoshop.

Can't I just do a copy move operation. I fucking hate how it always copies on top of the other object.

7:10pm. No an auto action would not work.

You know what, I hadn't signed up for this. I was ready to get all sorts of complicated art done, but instead following these 5m tutorials is taking me hours and hours because of the slight differences in how Photoshop and CSP work. I meant to do overtime, but all I am doing is filling up my rage meter.

I need to take a step back and recenter myself.

Today I made a definite gain since I improved my understanding of masks significantly, but I should just up down and make up my mind to understand material properties.

Right now I am thinking about my sketching attempts. I do not understand why I got so hung up on it. Using the raster pen worked better, but that was after over an hour of mucking about.

But I tried using elipses, cutting them up, using rectangles and cutting thme, but for some reason I just could not get the creative flow that way.

That is why the whole thing is so confusing. This is a very simple shape and despite that I completely faield at getting into it.

This is the kind of task that should have taken me a 5m at most.

7:25pm. I must not fall into despair or anger. Instead I have to admit that getting through the learn to draw phase might take me a whole year. If so, that is fine. I need to make up my mind to let it take however much it should take.

I need to learn from these mistakes. Tomorrow, I am going to firmly explore how to create these tiling patterns in CSP. I will master the use of materials thoroughly, do this shitty tire and then move on to the next step.

7:30pm. Let me close here for the day. I can't believe I did not get this done. Today just couldn't have gone worse."

---
## [pigeon-crystal/quarantine](https://github.com/pigeon-crystal/quarantine)@[89ab35e5af...](https://github.com/pigeon-crystal/quarantine/commit/89ab35e5afe6fefaca9e02e2097f062935276fb1)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 19:34:26 by pigeon-crystal

remember to buff the ruins of alph wild levels dumb idiot bitch baby

---
## [intel/tdx](https://github.com/intel/tdx)@[ef05d59b20...](https://github.com/intel/tdx/commit/ef05d59b20365194cdc32f86989a420f6ade3996)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 20:08:40 by Kirill A. Shutemov

x86/traps: Add #VE support for TDX guest

Virtualization Exceptions (#VE) are delivered to TDX guests due to
specific guest actions which may happen in either user space or the kernel:

 * Specific instructions (WBINVD, for example)
 * Specific MSR accesses
 * Specific CPUID leaf accesses
 * Access to unmapped pages (EPT violation)

In the settings that Linux will run in, virtual exceptions are never
generated on accesses to normal, TD-private memory that has been
accepted.

The #VE handler implementation is simplified by the fact that entry
paths do not trigger #VE and that the handler may not be interrupted.
Specifically, the implementation assumes that the entry paths do not
access TD-shared memory, MMIO regions, or use #VE triggering MSRs,
instructions,  or CPUID leaves that might generate #VE. Interrupts,
including NMIs, are blocked by the hardware starting with #VE delivery
until TDGETVEINFO is called. All of this combined  eliminates the
chance of a #VE during the syscall gap, or paranoid entry paths.

After TDGETVEINFO, #VE could happen in theory (e.g. through an NMI),
but it is expected not to happen because TDX expects NMIs not to
trigger #VEs. Another case where they could happen is if the #VE
exception panics, but in this case there are no guarantees on anything
anyways.

If a guest kernel action which would normally cause a #VE occurs in the
interrupt-disabled region before TDGETVEINFO, a #DF is delivered to the
guest which will result in an oops (and should eventually be a panic, as
it is expected panic_on_oops is set to 1 for TDX guests).

Add basic infrastructure to handle any #VE which occurs in the kernel or
userspace. Later patches will add handling for specific #VE scenarios.

Convert unhandled #VE's (everything, until later in this series) so that
they appear just like a #GP by calling the ve_raise_fault() directly.
The ve_raise_fault() function is similar to #GP handler and is
responsible for sending SIGSEGV to userspace and CPU die and notifying
debuggers and other die chain users.  

Co-developed-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kirill A. Shutemov <kirill.shutemov@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Tony Luck <tony.luck@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kuppuswamy Sathyanarayanan <sathyanarayanan.kuppuswamy@linux.intel.com>

---
## [lyz-code/blue-book](https://github.com/lyz-code/blue-book)@[a05fc16725...](https://github.com/lyz-code/blue-book/commit/a05fc16725bdd36e8e664cf420e3abe003148679)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 21:39:14 by Lyz

feat(pydantic#Define fields to exclude from exporting at config level): Define fields to exclude from exporting at config level

Eagerly waiting for the release of the version 1.9 because you can [define the fields to exclude in the `Config` of the model](https://github.com/samuelcolvin/pydantic/issues/660) using something like:

```python
class User(BaseModel):
    id: int
    username: str
    password: str

class Transaction(BaseModel):
    id: str
    user: User
    value: int

    class Config:
        fields = {
            'value': {
                'alias': 'Amount',
                'exclude': ...,
            },
            'user': {
                'exclude': {'username', 'password'}
            },
            'id': {
                'dump_alias': 'external_id'
            }
        }
```

The release it's taking its time because [the developer's gremlin and salaried work are sucking his time off](https://github.com/samuelcolvin/pydantic/discussions/3228).

feat(type_hints#Define a TypeVar with restrictions): Define a TypeVar with restrictions

```python
from typing import TypeVar

AnyStr = TypeVar('AnyStr', str, bytes)
```

feat(type_hints#Use a constrained TypeVar in the definition of a class attributes): Use a constrained TypeVar in the definition of a class attributes.

If you try to use a `TypeVar` in the definition of a class attribute:

```python
class File:
    """Model a computer file."""

    path: str
    content: Optional[AnyStr] = None # mypy error!
```

[mypy](mypy.md) will complain with `Type variable AnyStr is unbound
[valid-type]`, to solve it, you need to make the class inherit from the
`Generic[AnyStr]`.

```python
class File(Generic[AnyStr]):
    """Model a computer file."""

    path: str
    content: Optional[AnyStr] = None
```

feat(python_properties): Give an overview on Python's @property decorator

fix(vim): Correct vim snippet to remember the folds when saving a file

---
## [MrSeemsGood/RepentancePlus](https://github.com/MrSeemsGood/RepentancePlus)@[a53e46ec0b...](https://github.com/MrSeemsGood/RepentancePlus/commit/a53e46ec0b7adb520d1682f19272fa9532076e7f)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 22:11:56 by MrSeemsGood

Update 19.11

NEW CONTENT:
- added 7 new items: Book of Genesis, Mother's Love, Cat in the Box, A Scalpel, Nerve Pinch, Keeper's Penny and Blood Vessel

BALANCE AND QOL CHANGES:
- added Mom's Ring to Mom&Dad item pool of Ordinary Life item and added Repentance+ items to the new Ultra Secret Room pool
- removed Red Map from the shop itempool, for balancing reasons
- added (partial) Russian EID support and updated the Encyclopedia entries

VISUALS:
- improved the GFX of several items and trinkets
- UI icons for Greed's Heart and Red Map are now more flexible and dependant on the player's HUD offset

BUG FIXES:
- fixed rocket tank from Tank Boys being able to attack charmed and friendly monsters
- fixed Basement Key and Sleight of Hand being really bad at recognizing when a chest/coin should be upgraded and when it shouldn't
- fixed fake damage being able to deplete Greed's Heart and break the Magic Sword trinket

---
## [Collederas/UEExplore](https://github.com/Collederas/UEExplore)@[871c74dd51...](https://github.com/Collederas/UEExplore/commit/871c74dd51688ec6fb5a535564f27b70952c2f78)
#### Thursday 2021-11-18 22:46:22 by Fabrizio Scandola

working volume navigation

This is the working proof of concept I once had deemed too hard
to build. And yet, as imperfect as it might be, here it stands.

I'd like to take a moment to thank all the faithful travel companions
I have met along the way: Mr. Octree, Sir UNavigationSystemV1, Lady
UNavigationData, Cav. NavLinkProxy, Lord Navigation Data Generator and
his son: Prince Navigation Data Generator Task, Mister Serializer and the
Duke or the FArchive(s). But, above all, my girlfriend; for putting up with my
countless coding sessions and my sometimes engine-study-related grumpy moods.

And now, if you can excuse me, I wish you all a goodnight.

...the road is still long and perillous.

F.

---

# [<](2021-11-17.md) 2021-11-18 [>](2021-11-19.md)

