# [<](2021-01-05.md) 2021-01-06 [>](2021-01-07.md)

3,444,184 events, 1,421,310 push events, 2,200,482 commit messages, 179,799,167 characters


## [Dartellum/dr-scripts](https://github.com/Dartellum/dr-scripts)@[97441bd7c3...](https://github.com/Dartellum/dr-scripts/commit/97441bd7c3b2de326e01da1bf82bcf3460e11c20)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 00:06:18 by Katoak

add decay messages when try to stow magical items

### Background
* combat-trainer tries to loot things on the ground that match nouns in `base-items.yaml` `lootables:` property or in a user's `loot_additions:` property.
* The Ranger spell [Deadfall](https://elanthipedia.play.net/Deadfall) summons random nature objects to fall on its victim, such as **rocks** or **branches**.
* These summoned objects fall to the ground and combat-trainer identifies the rocks as lootable ammunition.

### Problem
* You cannot actually pick up the magically summoned rocks or branches created by the Deadfall spell, and combat-trainer is missing match strings to detect this and so the script hangs for 15 seconds waiting for a message that'll never come.
* During this time, you could lose your attention to targeting with a spell or aiming with a bow, or just sit there being pommeled by the enemy.

### Changes
* Add "rapidly decays away" and "cracks and rots away" as match strings when combat-trainer's LootableProcess tries to stow "lootable" items on the ground

## Tests

### Without Fix
```
[combat-trainer]>cast

Your inventory is now arranged in head-to-toe order.
> 
You gesture at a muscular spotted bobcat.
Your cambrinth armband emits a loud *snap* as it discharges all its power to aid your spell.
Small globes of blue and orange light appear and dart upward like fireflies.
Creating an ominous shadow, a large limestone rock falls from above!
Unfortunately, a muscular spotted bobcat manages to avoid the rock.

Roundtime: 2 sec.

> > 
* In a weak and directionless display of aggression, a muscular spotted bobcat claws at you.  You partially block with a blackened target shield displaying a metallochitin tomiek-iguji broodling.  
[You're nimbly balanced and in good position.]
> 
[combat-trainer]>stow rock

The limestone rock rapidly decays away.
 
...

[combat-trainer: *** No match was found after 15 seconds, dumping info]

...

[combat-trainer: message: The limestone rock rapidly decays away.]

[combat-trainer: checked against [/You pick up/i, /You get/i, /You need a free hand/i, /There isn't any more room/i, /You just can't/i, /push you over the item limit/i, /You stop as you realize the .* is not yours/i, /Stow what/i, /already in your inventory/i, /The .* is not designed to carry anything/i]]

[combat-trainer: for command stow rock]

You stop concentrating on aiming your weapon.
```

### With Fix
```
[combat-trainer]>cast

Your inventory is now arranged in head-to-toe order.
> 
You gesture at a muscular spotted bobcat.
Your cambrinth armband emits a loud *snap* as it discharges all its power to aid your spell.
Small globes of blue and orange light appear and dart upward like fireflies.
Creating an ominous shadow, a large limestone rock falls from above!
The rock slams heavily into a muscular spotted bobcat, stunning it!

Roundtime: 2 sec.

> 
You feel fully attuned to the mana streams again.
> 
[combat-trainer]>stow rock

The limestone rock rapidly decays away.

> 
The spotted bobcat begins to advance on you!
The spotted bobcat advances from nearby and is closing steadily.
> 
[combat-trainer]>retreat
```

---
## [ThePuzzlemaker/nomicon](https://github.com/ThePuzzlemaker/nomicon)@[416ed1d492...](https://github.com/ThePuzzlemaker/nomicon/commit/416ed1d492424de12b7728ce275e1d75c8cf8940)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 01:01:44 by ThePuzzlemaker

Simple Arc implementation (without Weak refs)

This is a squash of the following commits:
- Fix code, remove WIP message as that was while writing this, and link to stable @ fixed 1.49 rather than latest nightly
- Improve wording on deref and ignore some code blocks
- Improve wording and formatting a bit cause I'm insane
- Fix links
- Fix links again because we all love relative links
- Remove unnecessary Drop import
- Use Box::from_raw instead of ptr::drop_in_place as that actually dealloc's the Box (i'm dumb and misinterpreted the std code :/); fix some desync between code in between sections
- Fix tests

---
## [Evervolv/android_kernel_moto_shamu](https://github.com/Evervolv/android_kernel_moto_shamu)@[ea1369bc3a...](https://github.com/Evervolv/android_kernel_moto_shamu/commit/ea1369bc3abf6d77f6916597c1afbe343fe10542)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 02:23:22 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, fslmc, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here
     Add of to avoid backporting two larger patches]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Kevin F. Haggerty <haggertk@lineageos.org>
Change-Id: Ic632eaa7777338109f80c76535e67917f5b9761c

---
## [psycotica0/defense-game](https://github.com/psycotica0/defense-game)@[9246eab5ce...](https://github.com/psycotica0/defense-game/commit/9246eab5ceab09134f248faa788c56c36b566ecc)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 03:05:07 by Christopher Vollick

Kinda Like a Game

Ok, I did a few things here.

The biggest is that I added an EnemySpawner.
This produces new bad guys every so often.

Second is I made the turrets a bit smaller.
Now that I want more of them, they were a bit imposing.

I also removed the debug logging of what state the wanderer is in.
When I was watching one walk around it was useful.

Now that there are 20 trying to kill me, it's less useful.

So, this games isn't _fun_ right now. But it does basically make a bunch of bad
guys until you get overrun.

Some observations:

A) Not being able to clear a space really limits me right now. I always planned
   on allowing it, but I think I'm going to have to do that soon.
   Once I've put a turret, I can't really put another one later because the
   first one is still sucking up power.

B) The computer gets even slower with more enemies. Obviously, but it sucks a
   lot

C) Turning shields on and off is tedious. Especially when it gets laggy, you
   flash past the switch, and now your base is full.

D) I noticed some issues with targetting once I started having a turrets on the
   wall. Unsure why, but it hampered my ability to protect myself.

E) To be a real threat, the wanderers need to have a taller killbox. The lights
   on the roof and even shield generators on the roof were all effectively
   invincible.

F) Not a new observation, but going along with the previous, Turrets never had
   health added. This became very clear once things started swarming through my
   shields

G) One tile wide hallways are too narrow for real use.
   Maybe at some point this will be a neat way to provide challenge to people so
   you can see a 1-wide hall and be like "Aw, crap", but that's because it kinda
   sucks.
   I think the main hallways should all be 2.

---
## [EjChati/EstructurasDiscretasII](https://github.com/EjChati/EstructurasDiscretasII)@[a678de2ab1...](https://github.com/EjChati/EstructurasDiscretasII/commit/a678de2ab10fb3288f1977230acfc804d87475ea)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 03:36:09 by Edkar Chachati

DONE KRUSKAL ALGORITHM AND TESTS, FUCK YEAH, AND SUCK MY DICK JAVA

---
## [Coveros/r3z](https://github.com/Coveros/r3z)@[22585ce41e...](https://github.com/Coveros/r3z/commit/22585ce41e0dc10f173e7a5406cf072b2dbe3c3e)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 04:50:24 by Byron Katz

Getting rid of Detekt.

98.7% of the complaints were needless noise.

It told me it thought handleRequestAndRespond was too complex.
Yeah nope.  I understand what I'm doing.

It thought loggingConfigHtml was too long
It is complaining about a template function that generates HTML text dynamically.

It thought readAndDeserializeTimeEntries was too nested and complex.
I could break it up, yeah, but by splitting this essential piece into multiple, it would likely just increase the cognitive load.

It felt that *EVERY SINGLE NUMBER IN THE CODE REQUIRED A NAMED CONSTANT* .... FFS.
like this is wrong, according to Detekt:

    enum class Month(val ord: Int) {
        JAN(1), FEB(2), MAR(3), APR(4), MAY(5), JUN(6),
        JUL(7), AUG(8), SEP(9), OCT(10), NOV(11), DEC(12);

and apparently this is also wrong:

      val beginDate = LocalDate.of(1980, 1, 1).toEpochDay()
      val endDate = LocalDate.of(2200, 1, 1).toEpochDay()

....

Maybe 4 or 5 of the 320 complaints are valid, it's just got way, WAY too many false positives.  Said another style: way too high noise to signal ratio.  This boy is crying wolf in a horrible way.  Sure I could go back and basically do heavy surgery to quiet it the hell up, but I'm not willing at the moment to do that.

They could really take a page from Sonarqube.  The magic of Sonarqube is that they developed a set of rules, the "Sonar way", that is a very valid set.  If one of those rules fires, it's certain to be a legitimate problem.

It's understandable, coming from a nerd, they'd want to highlight every single problem, but it's the same path that other tools like PMD and Findbugs went, and those tools are hateful.

---
## [moomooooo/postman](https://github.com/moomooooo/postman)@[61c499f48e...](https://github.com/moomooooo/postman/commit/61c499f48e40862454365c5ca02adb931aaf9475)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 06:08:29 by moomooooo

gui config progress, gui theme stuff. holy shit i havent started my fucking project shit fuck.

---
## [24emmory/JavaScript](https://github.com/24emmory/JavaScript)@[7acf903acc...](https://github.com/24emmory/JavaScript/commit/7acf903acc64b6a5693497b8701281e74c0baad3)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 06:58:40 by 24emmory

Create jsReplaceLoopsRecursion.js

Invested a lot into this exercise to get more insight on recursions. What seems to be the case is that recursions decrement down to iterate through some list/array. In the original function, we had a for loop that read:

for (var i = 0; i < n; i++)

which is incrementing.  The equivalent of this functions 'base case' is the conditional statement (i<n).

Looking at (i<n), I remembered that we use the variable i we initialized to use as a counter. This counter uses bracket notation which is zero indexed, meaning that if there is some array with length n, it will never reach 'n'. So, when working with zero indexing, we have to write it out like (n-1) if we want the function to run/get all the values.

The example problem also gave me some grief because they made the statement:

"However, notice that multiply(arr, n) == multiply(arr, n - 1) * arr[n - 1]. "

I took pen to paper to work through how this worked, then figured the utility of it out, all step by step. I saw n-1 and though- "oh, it's the issue of indexing I was working with earlier. How did that go?" Watched a few videos, googled a bit, and then had a better grasp of what I was seeing.  arr[n-1] pulls the last value off of the array, then multiply adds to the stack by calling itself with a decremented n value, which will use arr[n-1] again. When it all resolves, everything multiploes together.

I then asked myself, well, how will I know I can do this? Obvious answer is when I see a for loop. But the whole "however, notice that..." did not come very naturally, so I looked a bit more at the issue.

Anything being incremented/decrimented, from what it looks like, can be rewritten using recursion. All that's needed is the ability to write off to 'the side' one of the 'n' values from the array, then be sure to call the function again, this time, decrimenting it.

Also, don't forget the base case.

---
## [ModernMAK/BoEG](https://github.com/ModernMAK/BoEG)@[68c86dfaac...](https://github.com/ModernMAK/BoEG/commit/68c86dfaac979fe400c6ada521fb14c7b94c0c15)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 08:24:33 by Marcus Kertesz

Cool 'Atlas' are batched + some quick thoughts

In hindsight id be surprised if a sprite atlas wasnt batched, but its still cool to find that out firsthand.

I'd love to keep working on this. (As of my test, cpu is 11ms and rendering is 8ms)

Faster than minecrafts tickspeed (50ms) but again; this is with barebones art and stuff.

Without understanding the frame debugger too well; i'd hazard a guess that the two big render blocks are UI and the Material.

I bet i could optimize (or just drop) the shadergraph toon shader for a standard one (or a barebones one since i seem to care so much).

As for UI; since everything is transparent, less sprites is more performant. Also batching sprites together saves a few draws.

I'll put this up, but won't continue working on it.
I'll probably just remerge master into this when I decide to tinker with optimizations again and work from there.

---
## [MrJWhit/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/MrJWhit/Citadel-Station-13)@[b9a2111a8d...](https://github.com/MrJWhit/Citadel-Station-13/commit/b9a2111a8dcba1b97bdb628336141c844f4cb536)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 09:35:08 by MrJWhit

Fuck you travis what do you mean too many requests

---
## [TheStaticDesign/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845](https://github.com/TheStaticDesign/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845)@[fafd4cbf58...](https://github.com/TheStaticDesign/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/commit/fafd4cbf58eac24e88a9e2aad97e146ab0ccc04a)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 09:51:24 by joshuous

sched/tune: Switch Dynamic Schedtune Boost to a slot-based tracking system

Switch from a counter-based system to a slot-based system for managing
multiple dynamic Schedtune boost requests.

The primary limitations of the counter-based system was that it could
only keep track of two boost values at a time: the current dynamic boost
value and the default boost value. When more than one boost request is
issued, the system would only remember the highest value of them all.
Even if the task that requested the highest value had unboosted, this
value is still maintained as long as there are other active boosts that
are still running. A more ideal outcome would be for the system to
unboost to the maximum boost value of the remaining active boosts.

The slot-based system provides a solution to the problem by keeping
track of the boost values of all ongoing active boosts. It ensures that
the current boost value will be equal to the maximum boost value of
all ongoing active boosts. This is achieved with two linked lists
(active_boost_slots and available_boost_slots), which assign and keep
track of boost slot numbers for each successful boost request. The boost
value of each request is stored in an array (slot_boost[]), at an index
value equal to the assigned boost slot number.

For now we limit the number of active boost slots to 5 per Schedtune
group.

Signed-off-by: joshuous <joshuous@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Henrique Pereira <hlcpereira@pixelexperience.org>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: madeofgreat <ravenklawasd@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: MadeOfGreat <ravenklawasd@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: CloudedQuartz <ravenklawasd@gmail.com>

---
## [BiosPlus/Caddy2Plus](https://github.com/BiosPlus/Caddy2Plus)@[3271f37189...](https://github.com/BiosPlus/Caddy2Plus/commit/3271f371893c39e9802dc9f3addaec92c8ecaaba)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 12:58:35 by Black

fuck i hate my life so much i think i should just go eat some fucking timtams and drink some god damn milk

---
## [SerenityOS/serenity](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity)@[612827eff3...](https://github.com/SerenityOS/serenity/commit/612827eff3c19af06bd13de99d204b720e576d6e)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 13:59:58 by Andreas Kling

LibWeb: Don't prune whitespace nodes from layout tree

Various whitespace-related issues have been fixed, and support for the
different CSS white-space values is improved enough that I think we can
stop doing the hack where we just prune whitespace nodes from the tree
and actually let them show up.

This is a nice step forward for correctness with the slight downside of
cluttering up layout tree dumps with tons of whitespace text nodes.
But hey, that's the web we know & love. :^)

Fixes #4427.

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[248639702a...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/248639702ac529c27ba5c6664d3307c2fb7cef11)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 14:49:36 by MrD

Merge branch '460-prefix-settings-keys' into dev:

Trickier than it seems merge that adds prefixing to settings keys - those
will need some backwards compatibility code when we hit python 3 as users
updating from older versions will have byte keys that won't be recognized
In Py2 as all those keys are ascii decodable the automatic conversion to
unicode saves us from breaking Bash - b

Also quite a few plain old prefixing - I tried to split this in a logical
way (not per file) in the hoped that we may catch not trivial cases that
we need to revisit in py3. Such cases are:

- chardet returns encoding in bytes so actually the encodings dict and
co should remain bytes - I bet in py3 they are unicode though so except
if we run in some undecodable encoding name we're fine and future proof
- CsvReader goes into pains decoding/encoding/recoding - all this to
handle BOM (which we should not use anywhere anyways - #260)? another one
to revisit in py3

And a general note - I was not so much fun of all this prefixing but it's
the only way to really trace down what should be bytes - also settings
keys were already mixed type, too late to leave them bytes, which is also
not the RightThing - the only reason we may have bytes in here is because
we directly deal with binary files otherwise everything should be unicode

We do *not* want to remove the prefixes in py3 initially - will help with
various stuff - style refactorings, translations and what not - but we
may eventually when the dust settles. So some lines that exceed 79 chars
by one or two chars stayed.

Final reason for merging is that I want to get on with the inspiration
part - this is 101% perspiration here (countless rebases, " vs ', ...)

Thanks @GandaG for initial prefixing!

Under #460.

Signed-off-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by : Daniel Nunes <daniel.henri.nunes@gmail.com>

---
## [semdoc/frameworks_base](https://github.com/semdoc/frameworks_base)@[2650b9ba71...](https://github.com/semdoc/frameworks_base/commit/2650b9ba71b688b006cf2915d9a6e4e5fb3ec2f8)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 15:25:51 by ezio84

Hidden gestural bar: fix visual glitches when switching states

hacky way but it works (TODO: find a proper fix in the new year,
i don't have motivation to dig into navbar/keyguard code fuckery now lol)

setting the height to 1px keeps the navbar almost invisible
but fixes the annoying visual glitches when going from screen
off to ambient pulsing or lockscreen (more noticeable on some devices
like bonito)
to replicate the issue without this commit:
- screen ON, then screen off, then double tap to go to ambient,
then double tap to go to lockscreen, then double tap to switch screen off,
then switch screen on again
- or just switch screen off/on a few times with the power button

Also sync the hide pill code with Pulse hide pill feature

Change-Id: Ib1cc83492f8a091be5cac4563d844010cef69dbc

---
## [KingOKarma/KFCBoy](https://github.com/KingOKarma/KFCBoy)@[182638341f...](https://github.com/KingOKarma/KFCBoy/commit/182638341f46d89996b027ce98927266326f1f38)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 16:35:08 by KingOKarma

Developer (#187)

* added a whole bunch of shit

* fixed some stuff and added some stuuf lel

* yeah

* removed some stupid ideas and fixed the home page

* updated alot if stuff like slash commands. still needs work tho

* split up the css files

* some small changes that will be put in once rewrite is done

Co-authored-by: milas <59763532+milaskiller@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: BuildTools <unconfigured@null.spigotmc.org>
Co-authored-by: Milas <milasholsting@protonmail.com>

---
## [MakataUrugami/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/MakataUrugami/Cinders-DS3)@[5c0ac9bdbc...](https://github.com/MakataUrugami/Cinders-DS3/commit/5c0ac9bdbc384911a461faf36edb543b4b60019b)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 17:02:33 by Vawser

Update

- Added Black Stag Helm: dropped by Silver Knight Ledo.
- Added Golem Set: sold by Domhnall of Zena.
- Respawning Yhorm will no longer disable the Church of Sin bonfire.

---
## [selfrisingfloor/Holy-Faucet-Of-Phone-Numbers](https://github.com/selfrisingfloor/Holy-Faucet-Of-Phone-Numbers)@[292666d1b3...](https://github.com/selfrisingfloor/Holy-Faucet-Of-Phone-Numbers/commit/292666d1b3adec79d637066e6bdc0306e5404fd3)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 18:05:23 by dudeimconfused

what the

What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[e5db9abfec...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/e5db9abfec85d385b416911fa6c82df6f382690d)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 18:11:29 by Chrismorales116

Not a fan of being this tired this early

What the fuck man it was dope to be awake super early but now I'm too fucking tired to do anything at 8 PM? Yeah fuck that man this is bullshit. Anyway I fucked with the damage scripts again and maybe we can talk about that tomorrow idk? Time 4 bed goodnight github. Boy it'd be scary if Github said goodnight back.

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[819db13929...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/819db1392948605cfa2031905381f9b260278bde)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 18:11:29 by Chrismorales116

Added some more shit

Damage knockback doesn't work the way I want yet. It's honestly pretty fuckin wonky. I want it to kind of repel you back and kill your momentum. On the plus side if you turn off the damage on the lava traps they become trampolines. WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[152c824df1...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/152c824df1d77a49f9cb5a7e9c5a512198576d3e)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 18:11:29 by Chrismorales116

Oh God Oh Fuck

I closed my laptop while it was pushing did I fuck everything up? Oh shit oh fuck

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[c6fc27c41d...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/c6fc27c41dc895c462d44975c394dd836e8ba376)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 18:11:29 by Chrismorales116

grappling kinda works?

"It ain't beautiful and it ain't perfect but at least its somethin"

- Christian Morales 2020, on the subject of "his cock"

---
## [hedgehog90/mpv](https://github.com/hedgehog90/mpv)@[fd3caa264e...](https://github.com/hedgehog90/mpv/commit/fd3caa264ea0848e7e30db94390063c87e247003)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 18:15:00 by wm4

stats: some more performance graphs

Add an infrastructure for collecting performance-related data, use it in
some places. Add rendering of them to stats.lua.

There were two main goals: minimal impact on the normal code and normal
playback. So all these stats_* function calls either happen only during
initialization, or return immediately if no stats collection is going
on. That's why it does this lazily adding of stats entries etc. (a first
iteration made each stats entry an API thing, instead of just a single
stats_ctx, but I thought that was getting too intrusive in the "normal"
code, even if everything gets worse inside of stats.c).

You could get most of this information from various profilers (including
the extremely primitive --dump-stats thing in mpv), but this makes it
easier to see the most important information at once (at least in
theory), partially because we know best about the context of various
things.

Not very happy with this. It's all pretty primitive and dumb. At this
point I just wanted to get over with it, without necessarily having to
revisit it later, but with having my stupid statistics.

Somehow the code feels terrible. There are a lot of meh decisions in
there that could be better or worse (but mostly could be better), and it
just sucks but it's also trivial and uninteresting and does the job. I
guess I hate programming. It's so tedious and the result is always shit.
Anyway, enjoy.

---
## [KingOKarma/KFCBoy](https://github.com/KingOKarma/KFCBoy)@[7c1320ba9d...](https://github.com/KingOKarma/KFCBoy/commit/7c1320ba9dcd364af1cdcd980e9e0f1caaeaf580)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 18:27:10 by KingOKarma

Developer (#188)

* added a whole bunch of shit

* fixed some stuff and added some stuuf lel

* yeah

* removed some stupid ideas and fixed the home page

* updated alot if stuff like slash commands. still needs work tho

* split up the css files

* some small changes that will be put in once rewrite is done

* forgot to change embed names oops

Co-authored-by: milas <59763532+milaskiller@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: BuildTools <unconfigured@null.spigotmc.org>
Co-authored-by: Milas <milasholsting@protonmail.com>

---
## [flockoloco/The-Twins](https://github.com/flockoloco/The-Twins)@[1b3cfd75ab...](https://github.com/flockoloco/The-Twins/commit/1b3cfd75abe906df366aa4e27d9481203ee57cad)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 20:33:16 by Clickba

HOLY SHIT BIG UPDATE BOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY

---
## [tannerhelland/PhotoDemon](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon)@[b044088850...](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon/commit/b0440888509a466a57a3f4967e445294abde27e3)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 20:50:21 by Tanner

PSP decoder: start work on a framework for handling non-raster layers

This latest effort exposed yet more ways in which "modern" PSP images (exact version unknown, but it started with one of the X-prefixed versions) can differ from existing specs.  New PSP files sometimes add arbitrary new chunks in places where the old specs explicitly disallow it.  I'd already accounted for this possibility on raster layers, but it turns out it can happen on "fake" layer entries like group markers, too!

I discovered this accidentally when starting work on supporting embedded layer groups.  Layer group blocks are extremely simple in PSP files, just a few bytes of data, but just attempting to *read* them was causing PD's parser to lose synchronization against PSP's block layout.  (I don't know of any 3rd-party PSP decoders that currently support groups, so it makes sense that no one else has encountered this - at least not enough to comment publicly on it!)

It turns out that simple group blocks in the PSP file I was testing were followed by new mystery blocks with an unknown ID value, just like raster layers sometimes do - and if I accounted for the mystery block potentially appearing in places where no blocks are supposed to appear, PD's parser magically stayed aligned throughout the file.

I hate these kinds of "mystery" workarounds since they lead to parser fragility, but without an up-to-date spec, there's not much else I can do.

Anyway, PD's PSP importer will now perform regular checks for inexplicable block appearances, and if encountered, it will skip over them and attempt to maintain block synchronization as best it can.  This appears to be working well on a test collection of randomly sampled PSPs from across the web, but more testing will obviously be necessary to ensure this approach "always" works.

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[24e45c9a04...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/24e45c9a04946b5692d861a7fb45e584105593eb)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 20:54:00 by Terry N. Muse

timber
 gave damaging acorns trails to help differentiate from acorns used below
 p2 laser rain makes sparks when its blocked by squrrl head
 p2 trees are spawned by harmless acorns and no longer give graze
 p2 chain movement adjusted to reduce chance of contact damage more
 p2 chains dont give graze until they do damage, have proper graze detection, and slightly less dust
 p2 snowballs track head's own movement perfectly
life beetles no longer do damage while spawning
earth burps fireballs + 1 burp with no fireballs at the start as a sound telegraph
terra movement heavily adjusted
 marginally higher base top speed
 top speed increases to outrun you
 much better movement when too far away from you so it doesn't take five years to recorrect
spirit
 spectre spirit max speed slightly increased and they stop tracking you when the grab attack ends
 hallowed reflect has a 1 second grace period startup where it doesnt actually reflect
cosmos vortex lightning buffed back to originally intended rotation speed
deviantt
 rain hearts always break at a specific height no matter what
 axe swing reverted to old movement, but axe spawns hearts slightly earlier so it's not offset below you
abom saucers briefly pulse closer between attacks, new dust for lasers hitting reticle
mutant
 replaced fishron dash in emode p2 with true eyes dash to reduce chance of instagib
 destroyers move much more aggressively if they're too far from you
 adjusted reti fan so it's physically offset instead of clearly touching you when spawned
 reti fan CAN hit you on spawn
 reti fan slightly more lenient range to avoid primes
fixed spazmatism not changing colour in phase 3 if triggered during deathray spin until after spin ended
rune wizard and deviantt aura now actually glows for better visibility
chaos elemental can horde up to 5 at once
new emode tooltips for the following vanilla nerfs
 all ammos
 crystal bullet and holy arrow
 chlorophyte bullet
 water bolt (appears pre skeletron only)
 titanium armor
 spectre hood
 frozen turtle shell
mild slap on the wrist nerf for hell zone

---
## [greenhas/hugo-website](https://github.com/greenhas/hugo-website)@[0f5109f6fb...](https://github.com/greenhas/hugo-website/commit/0f5109f6fbca921eea7970afbcea252f814325b3)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 21:18:15 by Spencer Greenhalgh

post I had a friend in Michigan with whom I disagreed on a great deal but who was still an important and supportive mentor for me. On November 9, 2016, we had a very tense conversation where he told me that I would see: The candidate’s bluster might be worrying, but he wouldn’t actually act on any of it. I haven’t talked to him in a few years, but I’m wondering what’s going through his head today.

---
## [Khan/actions-workflow-tools](https://github.com/Khan/actions-workflow-tools)@[434af320bf...](https://github.com/Khan/actions-workflow-tools/commit/434af320bfe0dd787e2bab36b35a84747464cc2c)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 21:23:41 by Jared Forsyth

Make the `run` script (git actions) much more useful & user-friendly when running individual steps (#3)

## Summary:
- autodetect the workflow root, so you can run the script from a subdirectory of your project
- allow 'step' to be specified by name, not just by ID
- more explicit messaging around what happens if multiple steps are matched
- make the default be to match a substring of the name/id, instead of exact (so people can type 'flow' instead of 'react-native / flow')
- add an `--all` option, to run all matching steps.

## Test plan:
`yarn flow`
Then do `yarn link` and in the our-lovely-cli repo, `yarn link actions-workflow-tools` to test this out.

Author: jaredly

Reviewers: lillialexis

Required Reviewers: 

Approved by: lillialexis

Checks: ✅ Flow Coverage, ✅ Jest Coverage, ✅ Jest, ✅ Eslint, ✅ lint_and_unit, ⏭  autofix

Pull request URL: https://github.com/Khan/actions-workflow-tools/pull/3

---
## [Chappy202/Buddy](https://github.com/Chappy202/Buddy)@[74b74ffad5...](https://github.com/Chappy202/Buddy/commit/74b74ffad55ca98b4d5a4c0acf878e18ce332da4)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 22:00:30 by JJ

Sound fixes and additions

Fix suckyourmum sound
Fix triplekill sound
Add iloveyouandimissyou sound
Add absoluteclassic sound
Add animesong sound
Add blackhole sound
Add cyka sound
Add dino sound
Add doublekill sound
Add firstblood sound
Add fuckme sound
Add gas sound
Add godlike sound
Add heeboi sound
Add holyshit sound
Add monsterkill sound
Add myfriend sound
Add omgvine sound
Add oohlookatitgo sound
Add ora sound
Add poi sound
Add rampage sound
Add shecumming sound
Add snoop sound 
Add ultrakill sound
Add yeahsniper sound

---
## [boopdev/forsaken](https://github.com/boopdev/forsaken)@[4fab58d99f...](https://github.com/boopdev/forsaken/commit/4fab58d99fb041cc2573542169546efcfe641818)
#### Wednesday 2021-01-06 22:54:49 by Alexander

Surfaces Updated

I know gamesurface says fuck you, i dont care.

---

# [<](2021-01-05.md) 2021-01-06 [>](2021-01-07.md)

