# [<](2021-05-11.md) 2021-05-12 [>](2021-05-13.md)

3,592,988 events, 1,547,505 push events, 2,504,380 commit messages, 210,605,637 characters


## [JohnFulpWillard/fulpstation](https://github.com/JohnFulpWillard/fulpstation)@[854fa177b9...](https://github.com/JohnFulpWillard/fulpstation/commit/854fa177b91d5857033523e2a1bd2fe4ae81810e)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 01:14:56 by SgtHunk

Heliostation TGU (#1)

* lets try again

* try

* ai  displays

* evac displays

* fire alarms

* wild hearts

plant wild seeds
aaaand wild miiiinds
have wild neeeeeeeeeeeds

extinguisher cabinet

* A lot of stuff

All directionals I think except door buttons because fuck you they're 75 and I need to put IDs in all of them I already spent 30+ minutes on the requests consoles
Oh yeah also adds the cargo stuff

* Selene

Adds cargo stuff, fixes conflicts
This does NOT add directionals

Co-authored-by: Enricode <SgtHunk@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [varud/wechat-feeds](https://github.com/varud/wechat-feeds)@[e5acc196dd...](https://github.com/varud/wechat-feeds/commit/e5acc196dd4696a198f1516400fe40b3b9524385)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 02:48:21 by varud

新增: Happenstance EDopamine NOWNESS现在 Soundlibrary声音图书馆 ShotInTheDark 服务器艺术 樂维度 voice研究所 哲学研究 象外 外向的孤独病患 掀桌儿 Dernier Cri 最潮声 西山公原 宇宙航行日记 Nobullshiting 惘闻艺术UnknownArt Midnight Crusade MorningCollapse MiAProject LINML3 绿的国 後黑金屬 独处记 獨樂duklok 大道不离万有

---
## [robcore/mn3-lite](https://github.com/robcore/mn3-lite)@[510289641e...](https://github.com/robcore/mn3-lite/commit/510289641e57f1f20291737c118452840d00368b)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 03:14:42 by robcore

started cleaning up the fucking mess that is gpio_keys.c - long ways to go but of course it led to my spending some time chipping away at SEC_DEBUG and its poorly coded, bloated, useless, bullshit.  except some things are useful.  except not check crash when its the fucking home button

---
## [ajkempe/fsc-ddo-datastandards](https://github.com/ajkempe/fsc-ddo-datastandards)@[997e8b1573...](https://github.com/ajkempe/fsc-ddo-datastandards/commit/997e8b1573e7b2f6fbe3a2ff4eb0ac0feacac52d)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 03:35:45 by ajkempe

Update EntityIdentifier.md

Stephen, 
I am hoping we can add the ASIC ID to the data standard. The ASIC ID is a unique identifier for a financial adviser. It is public, published by ASIC and remains with the adviser forever - regardless of change of organisation or licensee. This is a powerful way to track adviser activity and identify distribution by that adviser across platforms and products. I would love to have a further discussion with you or the appropriate person. Please contact me at Lazard Asset Management - I won't put my contact details here, but I shouldn't be that hard to find! 
Warm Regards, 
Andrew Kempe
Head of Business Management
Lazard Asset Management

---
## [Jkalio52/codewars](https://github.com/Jkalio52/codewars)@[1d4db55cff...](https://github.com/Jkalio52/codewars/commit/1d4db55cff846a5730189ed8cc7402837241112f)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 03:38:01 by Jay Kalio

Create helpTheGeneralDecodeSecretEnemyMessages.js

Help the General Decode Secret Enemy Messages.

General Patron is faced with a problem , his intelligence has intercepted some secret messages from the enemy but they are all encrypted. Those messages are crucial to getting the jump on the enemy and winning the war. Luckily intelligence also captured an encoding device as well. However even the smartest programmers weren't able to crack it though. So the general is asking you , his most odd but brilliant programmer.

You can call the encoder like this.

console.log (device.encode ('What the hell')) ;
Our cryptoanalysts kept poking at it and found some interesting patterns.

console.log (device.encode ('aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa')) ;
console.log (device.encode ('bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb')) ;  
console.log (device.encode ('!@#$%^&*()_+-')) ;
console.log ('abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz') ;
console.log ('abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'.split ('').map (function (a) {
  return device.encode (a) ;
}).join ('')) ;
console.log ('abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'.split ('').map (function (a) {
  return device.encode ('_'+a)[1] ;
}).join ('')) ;
console.log ('abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'.split ('').map (function (a) {
  return device.encode ('__'+a)[2] ;
}).join ('')) ;

We think if you keep on this trail you should be able to crack the code! You are expected to fill in the

device.decode
function. Good luck ! General Patron is counting on you!

Tags:
PUZZLES ENCRYPTION ALGORITHMS CRYPTOGRAPHY SECURITY GAMES

---
## [arashizadi/Project-Boncert](https://github.com/arashizadi/Project-Boncert)@[cdb5304f7d...](https://github.com/arashizadi/Project-Boncert/commit/cdb5304f7d88e5d7cb00391f9f533b06976d51aa)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 04:12:12 by Ekemini Nkanta

added bryan's song changer to the scene

your automatic song changer works btw! i uncommented it

also holy fucking shit i made so many multiplayer mistakes??? communicating between the server and clients is harddd but i figured it out after rereading the docs for hours

---
## [krishnadevz/GitHubGraduation-2021](https://github.com/krishnadevz/GitHubGraduation-2021)@[a055f22242...](https://github.com/krishnadevz/GitHubGraduation-2021/commit/a055f2224204ae1eef092aeae33a9593821132eb)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 05:33:18 by krishna kakade

added myself krishnadevz.md  

This kid is graduating and also doing cool things finally my mother is happy and god bless you all and teachers thank you github for this awesome platform because of github dev community I got my first developer job :).
Thank you 
take care 
kind regards 
krishna

---
## [Sayt123/SurfMapPics](https://github.com/Sayt123/SurfMapPics)@[6f134f1214...](https://github.com/Sayt123/SurfMapPics/commit/6f134f1214d11d8c07efb04be7790f9066420fd0)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 06:42:14 by Sayt

A shift in focus

Moving strictly to  21:9 and properly going through my map folder as it currently stands. There's STILL maps I missed in primary zoning.

I also want to build up a repository that not only supports the main maps but the fancy pants bonus image option as well because hell why not?

Long ass description but yeah, apologies on the sudden rugpull but I'll try and get back to previous capacity asap.

---
## [TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad)@[d6c0883543...](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad/commit/d6c08835436ece10a818500f6753fc078fd8a425)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 06:50:47 by TwinkleInstituteAB

Create Fulfill your dream of becoming a doctor by pursuing MBBS abroad 2021-22 Twinkle InstituteAB

There are nearly thousands of Indian Medical students that face the foremost downside of obtaining admission in an exceeding world category medical University for following MBBS. solely a couple of students manage to clear the NEET examination for obtaining a seat in government medical universities whereas the remaining aspirants carry on looking for alternatives privately institutes. Middle- category family cannot afford the high donation of fees privately medical universities in the Asian nations. thus in such a scenario, they are available to hunt for foreign medical universities which give the best answer for Indian medical students. Most of the International medical universities in specific countries square measure providing MBBS courses and different medical courses at a cheap price that is not the case in Indian medical universities.

There square measure several countries like China, Ukraine, Georgia, Bangladesh, Kirghizstan, and Russia today that supply top quality of medical education at a really low price costs. per annum students from completely different countries like Asian nation, Africa, Deutschland, and Asian country, etc square measure ready to review MBBS in Russia all over nations. A number of the highest designated countries by scholars square measure the countries like Russia, Ukraine, Bangladesh, China, Georgia, Kazakhstan, and Kirghizstan. The medical universities offered by these specific countries square measure all recognized by the foremost organizations like UN agency, United Nations agency and MCI. The pattern of study is followed following International info in most the countries.

The quality of medical education in abroad best medical universities in Russia is sort of higher and satisfactory that is way higher as compared to Indian medical faculties. Students not solely like cheap medical education however additionally the simplest quality of education matters is provided to the scholars within the medical faculties abroad. Admission criteria of MBBS abroad are incredibly straightforward and simple going. one among the foremost blessings of learning in such Universities is that there’s no have to be compelled to seem for any exam or clear any English-speaking check like IELTS and TOEFL.

Most of the schools provide a Medical program of period five to six years, together with one year of place. once the completion of their course of MBBS Abroad, the scholars solely have to be compelled to complete these vital steps like clear the MCI screening test(FMGE) and complete a minimum of one year of observation from the Asian nation.

After all these processes square measure completed, if the scholar is inquisitive about learning for postgraduate then he will apply for USMLE exams from the USA. If he clears the examination conducted then the scholar will study PG in the USA.

Advantages of learning MBBS Abroad in Russia

Students people who have an interest in learning MBBS Abroad aren’t needed to clear any test for obtaining admission for the MBBS course. The admission method is dispensed on the idea of the marks scored on the twelfth board.
because the medical universities an abroad square measure recognized by MCI (Medical Council of India), Asian nation students don’t have to be compelled to worry as once finishing their MBBS education abroad they will simply come back back and observe in India.
several medical Universities abroad offer scholarships additionally for college kids.
MBBS abroad is reasonable and affordable for college kids visiting from Asian nations.
price of living and high commonplace with terribly cheap price is additionally provided yo the scholars learning there.
Students get a world exposure of learning in an exceedingly foreign country and become very assured with outstanding temperament.
Tuition fees of medical institutes abroad square measure low as compared to it of Asian nation.
Students get a chance to review in government medical Universities abroad as there are no such personal institutes.
Abroad medical universities don’t charge any taxation fees by the scholars, thus it becomes straightforward and cheap for college kids to review MBBS abroad.
All the Russia medical colleges, Ukraine, Georgia, and Kirghizstan medical colleges provide world category facilities for his or her students.
most medical universities have their hospital or attached hospitals wherever the scholars will observe and endure sensible comes for higher understanding.

---
## [VedantPol/CODEFORCES_ROUND_SOLUTIONS](https://github.com/VedantPol/CODEFORCES_ROUND_SOLUTIONS)@[809fef1db2...](https://github.com/VedantPol/CODEFORCES_ROUND_SOLUTIONS/commit/809fef1db28e03c37b94121887ecfeb6cf48f52f)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 09:41:35 by vedant pol

Drinks Codeforces Round #126 (Div. 2) python3

Little Vasya loves orange juice very much. That's why any food and drink in his kitchen necessarily contains orange juice. There are n drinks in his fridge, the volume fraction of orange juice in the i-th drink equals pi percent.

One day Vasya decided to make himself an orange cocktail. He took equal proportions of each of the n drinks and mixed them. Then he wondered, how much orange juice the cocktail has.

Find the volume fraction of orange juice in the final drink.

Input
The first input line contains a single integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100) — the number of orange-containing drinks in Vasya's fridge. The second line contains n integers pi (0 ≤ pi ≤ 100) — the volume fraction of orange juice in the i-th drink, in percent. The numbers are separated by a space.

Output
Print the volume fraction in percent of orange juice in Vasya's cocktail. The answer will be considered correct if the absolute or relative error does not exceed 10  - 4.

Examples
inputCopy
3
50 50 100
outputCopy
66.666666666667
inputCopy
4
0 25 50 75
outputCopy
37.500000000000
Note
Note to the first sample: let's assume that Vasya takes x milliliters of each drink from the fridge. Then the volume of pure juice in the cocktail will equal  milliliters. The total cocktail's volume equals 3·x milliliters, so the volume fraction of the juice in the cocktail equals , that is, 66.(6) percent.

---
## [AlCh440/SmallBrains](https://github.com/AlCh440/SmallBrains)@[8f268cffe9...](https://github.com/AlCh440/SmallBrains/commit/8f268cffe9d73cf1297c0e1a75f7d2cd63041d4d)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 09:58:57 by Pau

Added the tile-sized, pixel perfect player sprites

And from the heavens God whispered: "hey ummmm yeah you should eeeeehhh uuuuummmmm upload that" and so I did. Also, I changed the overall file resolution from 512x512 to 256x256.

---
## [near/nearcore](https://github.com/near/nearcore)@[5afd65b576...](https://github.com/near/nearcore/commit/5afd65b576add0109957bb44d2e6edb63182c531)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 11:45:15 by Aleksey Kladov

Profile by default (#4185)

Having costs breakdown (how much gas was spend for each operation type)
is helpful for both increasing reliability (as we can eyeball if the
costs "make sense") and developer friendliness (as devs can understand
where all the gas is going).

Currently this is hidden behind a feature flag, but I would love to
argue that we should just always enable it.

Performance cost seems to be negligible: we heap-allocate an array once
per apply state, and actual cost increasse are just counter increments,
they should be dwarfed by the host functions themselves.

Correctness-wise, the code is semi-sensitive. It is executed by runtime,
but doesn't affect the results. So it's enough if it doesn't panic.

# Test Plan

All of existing tests now exercise costs councting code. An additional unit-test is added to smoke-test that costs profiling can't panic due to overflow.

---
## [seaofthieveshack/seaofthievestips](https://github.com/seaofthieveshack/seaofthievestips)@[9076123f36...](https://github.com/seaofthieveshack/seaofthievestips/commit/9076123f36d2eea83efc14d67a8d5d083ec0ac28)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 14:37:55 by seaofthieveshack

Update README.md

sea of thieves hack, sea of thieves tips, sea of thieves shores of gold, sea of thieves ancient coins, sea of thieves cheats, sea of thieves gold, sea of thieves coins, sea of thieves free, ancient coins sea of thieves, doubloons sea of thieves, shores of gold sea of thieves, sea of thieves cheat, sea of thieves cheat engine, sea of thieves tips and tricks, sea of thieves blue coins, sea of thieves aimbot, sea of thieves esp, sea of thieves pvp tips, sea of thieves solo tips, sea of thieves free to play, sea of thieves tips and tricks 2021, sea of thieves money glitch, gold hoarders, sea of thieves mod menu, sea of thieves mod, sea of thieves combat tips, sea of thieves tricks, sea of thieves best way to get gold, blue coins sea of thieves, sea of thieves not getting gold, sea of thieves tips reddit, best way to make money sea of thieves, sea of thieves arena tips, coins of plenty lie buried deep, gold hoarders sea of thieves, best way to make money in sea of thieves, sea of thieves hacks 2021, sea of thieves gold hoarders, tips for sea of thieves, sea of thieves currencies, sea of thieves exploit, gold snake sea of thieves, sea of thieves money, sea of thieves generator, sea of thieves pc free, sea of thieves best way to make money, cheat sea of thieves, hack sea of thieves, sea of thieves money hack, sea of thieves anti cheat, free sea of thieves, sea of thieves for free, sea of thieves gold hack, the shores of gold sea of thieves, sea of thieves beginners guide 2021, sea of thieves the shores of gold, sot ancient coins, sea of thieves free weekend, sea of thieves free ancient coins, cheat engine sea of thieves, sea of thieves ancient coins free, sea of thieves tips 2021, aimbot sea of thieves, sea of thieves pvp guide, sea of thieves advanced tips, sea of thieves steam unlocked, mpgh sea of thieves, sea of thieves gold glitch, sea of thieves mpgh, sea of thieves sailing tips, sea of thieves teleport hack, sea of thieves fishing tips, sea of thieves pvp tips 2021, sea of thieves pro tips, sea of thieves best way to make gold, sea of thieves easy gold, sea of thieves ship combat tips, sea of thieves cannon aimbot, sea of thieves free pc, lost gold fort sea of thieves, sea of thieves cheats pc, sea of thieves external esp, sea of thieves galleon tips, sea of thieves tips for beginners, sea of thieves no gold for selling, sea of thieves gold cheat, buy ancient coins sea of thieves, sea of thieves friends play free, sea of thieves easy money, sea of thieves ancient coins buy, sea of thieves new player guide, sea of thieves buy gold, sea of thieves doubloons to gold, sea of thieves anticheat, crackgods sea of thieves, sea of thieves cannon tips, sea of thieves ancient coins price, sea of thieves hack free, sea of thieves esp 2021, free ancient coins sea of thieves, sea of thieves ancient coins not showing up, sot hacks, sea of thieves cheats 2021, sea of thieves tall tales shores of gold, sea of thieves money cheat, best way to get money in sea of thieves, sea of thieves fighting tips, best way to get gold in sea of thieves, aimjunkies sea of thieves, sea of thieves gift ancient coins, tips sea of thieves, sea of thieves aimbot free, sea of thieves buy ancient coins, sea of thieves steam free, sea of thieves key generator, sea of thieves cheats xbox one, tips and tricks sea of thieves, pvp tips sea of thieves, sea of thieves make money, hack sea of thieves pc, sea of thieves speed hack, sea of thieves aimbot 2021, sea of thieves sloop tips, sea of thieves quick gold

---
## [Sureigh/WFGiveawayBot](https://github.com/Sureigh/WFGiveawayBot)@[7d5fd48880...](https://github.com/Sureigh/WFGiveawayBot/commit/7d5fd4888044b884a37ba93dc32aa953cf715c38)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 15:23:57 by Sleigh

Update to GiveawayEntry + New custom error!

Thanks snek.

This parser was a pain in the ass holy shit

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f663911816...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f663911816297633e5ac48b9c895e6cc1519987b)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 16:00:46 by Marko Grdinić

"1:45pm. Let me read Freiren.

The paper itself is really making me think about the importance of future information. If the paper is right and it is, then it is no wonder that OpenAI require batches of a million for their bots.

You absolutely need the hindsight information in real world tasks. The current techniques will not cut it. I do not actually need these techniques for poker, I can just hack the simulator to give the net all the info that it needs, but...I should understand this more in depth.

The subject of hindsight credit assignment is worth studying. So I should spend some time on this paper. Let's not hurry to start programming.

1:50pm. I really love this part of Freiren where she is autistically exploring every nook and cranny of a floor before moving on to the next one.

2:10pm. Yesterday it was interesting that both the transformer paper moved LN after the activation just before they got used as inputs. I can't remember what I did in the char RNN, but I think it was relu + LN rather than LN + relu. In the past I did not understand this, but now my knowledge should be enough to correctly interpret why that makes optimization easier.

My optimization scheme might make it unecessary, but it is always better safe than sorry. I'll try it out both ways with and without LN.

2:20pm. 28/32. Just what is this F here? I get the benefit of hindsight information, but how would you learn noise info? Like in that key door example, putting in future information would not have any effect if the number of apples is not given.

3:35pm. I think I get the paper in its entirety. That fi is just the hindsight state. It is nothing big at all.

The complications with the paper are maintaining the independence assumptions. They do a complicated thing which I barely get, but I can think of a better way.

What if instead of learning just `Q(H,A,F)`, the agent also learns `Q(H,A)`, that is without the hindsight information.

Then `W=Q(H,A,F) - Q(H,A)` could be considered the value of the hindsight info for the action taken.

Then the Qs for all the actions could be `Q'(H,A)=Q(H,A) + W`. This I could use for calculating the mean in tabular CFR methods. I am worried about the situations caused by taking actions that result in scenery switching which would cause the hindsight info to be completely irrelevant for those actions.

But the way the algorithm reweights that `P(H,A)` bothers me. They went all out to jack the standard PG training and made it quite complicated.

I wasn't going to, but let me look at the previous HCA paper.

4:15pm. Ok, I think I get a bunch of things now. I do not trust any of these algorithms. Their reweighting schemes are suspicious. As shady as regular PG is, the way it uses baselines is intuitive.

4:20pm. If I had to train an agent on a bigger game than poker, I'd use the variant I proposed above instead of any of the algos in these papers.

4:25pm. Forget hindsight methods. I won't have too much trouble dealing with them when the time comes.

No wait, that assumption I made that `Q'(H,A)=Q(H,A) + W` might not necessarily hold. With a different action, that W might flip signs or be worth something else...

How complicated. I'll throw this in the same pile as long term credit assignment. And speaking of that...

https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.06721
Optimizing Agent Behavior over Long Time Scales by Transporting Value

Let me take a break first. I've been focusing on these papers for a while.

4:35pm. I think that the standard way of doing thing would be the best. Forget W, just put the all the data right there even if there is a chance it might not have been trained on.

5:10pm. I am back. Let me read that paper I linked to. Forget about hindsight learning. It is not what I should be focusing on.

> In AI research, the problem of how to learn rational behavior that is temporally far-sighted is known as the credit assignment problem3–5. An AI agent must evaluate the utility of individual actions within a long sequence. To address the credit assignment problem, deep learning has been combined with reinforcement learning (RL) to provide a flexible class of architectures and algorithms that can be used practically to estimate the utility of courses of action for behaving agent models engaged in sensorimotor tasks in complex environments.

> These algorithms have almost exclusively borrowed the assumptions of discounted utility theory2, 6, 7 and achieve credit assignment using value function bootstrapping and backpropagation8 (deep RL). Practical and convergent deep RL algorithms discount the future, reducing their applicability for problems with long delays between decisions and consequences9, 10 .

> Conspicuously, humans and animals evidence behaviors that deep RL cannot yet simulate behaviorally. These come for example under the headings of latent learning11, 12, prospective memory13 , and inter-temporal choice14, and encompass learning and decision-making that occurs either without task reward, or when rewards are recouped at long delay from relevant choice points. It has been argued that hominid cognitive ability became truly modern when new strategies for long-term temporal credit assignment and planning emerged, leading to abrupt cultural shifts and immense changes in social complexity and human achievement15. Algorithmic progress on problems of long-term credit assignment may similarly lead to profound magnification of the range of decisionmaking problems that can be addressed computationally.

This paper was reference to in the HCA paper and it caught my eye. Long term credit assignment is one of my weak points. It is good that other people are working on it. I had no idea about those last few sentences. Without thinking about it, I just assumed that all animals had long term memory.

5:30pm. The paper is not much. It is just a hack test.

There isn't anything elegant on the market that combines hindsight, unsupervised learning and long term credit assignment to train RL agents. In fact, any of these individual 3 is hacky. There will be more on them.

I don't think that `Counterfactual Credit Assignment in Model-Free Reinforcement Learning` will be the last word on hindsight. Adding two extra nets that need optimizing is a huge burden and lacks elegance. Even of them even needs a strange constrained optimization algo.

5:40pm. What do I do here? I am satisfied with my efforts today. I do not feel like starting programming now.

5:45pm. It is difficult to come up with new ideas. Rather than using hindsight, for poker it is much smarter to just include the opponent's card. That is the way to go when doing variance reduction. For large games I'd just pass the inputs, including the future ones into the net as they are. No need for complicated stuff from these papers. Or my bad `W` idea. Whatever bias related degradation this would introduce will more than be made up by not needing to optimize two extra nets.

5:50pm. I'll admit, passing future inputs as they are is pretty nonsensical. What I'd really want is for them to be refined into something that would be useful regardless of the actions taken in the future trajectory. Eventually something more elegant will show up.

5:55pm. Now I am obsessing about that. Forget it. Tomorrow, I will do the uniform player and home in on doing the linear player. Future agents that do learning as well as humans can and have all the learning issues solved is something the future me can deal with.

Right now I a pauper so I should take the pennies tossed my way.

I absolutely need to focus. I need to do the uniform, linear, deep, and then the transformer agent. I need to get my things going. I had my fun with papers in the last two weeks, but now it is time to strike the iron and forge the blade. I'll do it a bit at a time.

6pm. Let me have some fun here. I feel like my mind has been in its normal state for the last few days. I should be able to program like this."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9718e221d7...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9718e221d72d1fcb9a8b16d5f9af99cf20c4e6b4)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 16:00:46 by Marko Grdinić

"10:10am. Let me chill a bit and then I will start. I want to study the two credit assignment papers by Dabney.

10:30am. Enough fun. Let me start.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2011.09464
Counterfactual Credit Assignment in Model-Free Reinforcement Learning

> In contrast, model-free reinforcement learning algorithms such as policy gradient methods (Williams, 1992; Sutton et al., 2000) perform simple time-based credit assignment, where events and rewards happening after an action are credited to that action, post hoc ergo propter hoc. While unbiased in expectation, this coarse-grained credit assignment typically has high variance, and the agent will require a large amount of experience to learn the correct relation between actions and rewards. Another issue of model-free methods is that counterfactual reasoning, i.e. reasoning about what would have happened had different actions been taken with everything else remaining the same, is not possible. Given a trajectory, model-free methods can in fact only learn about the actions that were actually taken to produce the data, and this limits the ability of the agent to learn quickly. As environments grow in complexity due to partial observability, scale, long time horizons, and large number of agents, actions taken by the agent will only affect a vanishing part of the outcome, making it increasingly difficult to learn from classical reinforcement learning algorithms. We need better credit assignment techniques

This seems pretty interesting. I wonder if it will turn out to be doing something better than what I had in mind. If that turns out to be the case, I should use it.

> CCA-PG also outperforms State- and ReturnConditional HCA, which do use hindsight information but in a more limited way than CCA-PG.

I guess I do not need that other paper.

10:55am. 4/32. I do not really understand how to calculate that hindsight quantity. Also how does it relate to the self probability?

I can see that it reweights the value estimate so that the current action probability in it is pushed towards something...maybe towards being uniform?

Actually, that does have implications on my own method. In my own method I do in fact reweight the Qs so the self reach probability is ommitted. But...that is a different thing from this.

11:35am. 25/32. I am mostly done with the paper, but this is difficult for me to understand. If I could work out how the update is derived from simpler models on my own, that would particularly help my understanding. It seems that this section is for that.

11:45am. > Interestingly, if we replace ∆i by the argmax of softmax of the ∆, we obtain a gradient estimate similar to that of the cross-entropy method, a classical and very effective planning algorithm (De Boer et al., 2005; Langlois et al., 2019).

I should look into the CEM at some point.

11:50am. I don't get a lot here, but I do get that they are making random numbers explicit in the Q estimate thereby making the entire model deterministic.

12pm. At any rate, now that I see this I can understand that...Ah, wait. There is variance from the the community card reveals. Knowing the opponent card does not give me minimized variance in poker.

True min variance is when everything is known by the Q function.

1:20pm. https://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/243015/why-do-variance-reduction-methods-work-well-and-are-there-any-backfire-experie

Done with breakfast. I want to study this more. I do not get the paper, but it is really making me think how future information can be used to do variance estimates. I am starting to get what the phi factor is, but in that case, what is the point of the reweighting? The paper is rather compilcated. I am wondering why not just shove all the future data into the Q function and call it a day?"

---
## [swetroniusz/game-engine-engine](https://github.com/swetroniusz/game-engine-engine)@[0ec29de669...](https://github.com/swetroniusz/game-engine-engine/commit/0ec29de669833dbb02346109a53375b569156d45)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 18:25:09 by swetroniusz

Basic serialization (#4)

* Scene serialization using the cereal library.
-Extremely ugly code
-Most Component and Actor types are supported. Objects of these types can be serialized using only a smart pointer to the base class (polymorphism)
-Only Names of Actors and Names+Transforms of Components are properly serialized right now.
-Added my own vector and quaternion types (they are just glm types but with extra serialization functions). When I finish this branch, I'll go through each class and change the type of all math objects.
-JSON is currently used to make debugging easier. I'll switch to binary format after everything's done.

* -Serialization of all components - meshes, bones, cameras, sounds and animations. Work in progress.
-Next goal is: improving serialization of Materials (currently they are being unnecessarily copied)

* -Finally! All Components and most of the Actor classes (most because I'm too lazy) can now be serialized and deserialized.
-Multiple scenes are not yet supported, but they will be. Note that every scene will be saved to a single project file - this is an important distinction semantics-wise: a file corresponds to a project which can contain multiple scenes.
-Projects can now be named
-Added a main menu where the user can create a new project or load one from file - the old format, which I now call .geeprojectold is still supported
-Merged UIManualListActor into UIListActor; UIAutomaticListActor still inherits from UIListActor (but from the new version), and just adds UIListElements automatically
-Added UICanvasFieldCategory, which allows to sort canvas fields into categories and expand/retract them
-Some component types now have their own icons
-Added a button to rebuild all light probes
-Serializing active cameras: a scene has an active camera at the moment of saving, the camera will also be active after loading
-LightProbes are now LightProbeComponents. This makes them much easier to understand and use, and they can finally utilize all features that Components have - serialization, editor support, global transforms
-Added the GetEditorDescription method to the Transform class. I think it is useful here to draw inspiration from the Serialize/Save+Load methods - every type that can be serialized has these and we never have to rewrite any of these.
-Fixed a weird bug when due to lack of floating-point number precision the fresnelSchlick function inside the PBR Cook-Torrance would return NaN - the h and v vectors would sometimes have a magnitude a bit greater than 1.0, which could make the dot product of these bigger than 1.0, so (1.0 - dot(v, h)) could be negative, and raising it to any power in GLSL returns NaN.
-Lights now have an attribute that allows to render the shadows map for them without the front cull and/or with shadow bias.
-You can now play the sound used by a SoundSourceComponent in the editor
-Small additions like a HSV to RGB conversion function, or a button that allows to change the font used by the editor; I like the idea of making the engine more accessible by using fonts such as OpenDyslexic

---
## [random-aosp-stuff/android_packages_apps_Trebuchet](https://github.com/random-aosp-stuff/android_packages_apps_Trebuchet)@[f4f26ae73e...](https://github.com/random-aosp-stuff/android_packages_apps_Trebuchet/commit/f4f26ae73eef8713bc5a227dfc86a960331e86d5)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 18:46:01 by Alex Cruz

Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1
Signed-off-by: DennySPb <dennyspb@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: spezi77 <spezi7713@gmx.net>

---
## [GDACollab/SeaStarCrossedLovers](https://github.com/GDACollab/SeaStarCrossedLovers)@[d8b20905f2...](https://github.com/GDACollab/SeaStarCrossedLovers/commit/d8b20905f21838663f2ce63f63d4cd35934a617b)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 18:54:13 by ambiguousname

Fixed the bug for blocks not being deleted. I think.

I spent way too much time on this.

The most interesting thing about King Charles the First,
Is that he was 5'6" at the start of his reign,
But only 4'8" tall at the end of it.

Because of

Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of England (Puritan)
Born in 1599, died in 1658 (September).
Was at first (only) MP for Huntingdon (but then)
He led the Iron Side Cavalry at Marston Moor in 1644 and won.
Then he founded the New Model Army, and praise be, beat the Cavaliers at Naseby.
And the King fled up North, like an axe, to the Scots.

But under the terms of John Pimms' 'Solomn League and Covenant',
The Scots handed King Charles I over to

Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of England (and his warts)
Born in 1599, died in 1658 (September)
But, alas (Oi Vay!), disagreement then broke out (between)
The Presbyterian Parliament and the military
Who meant to have an independent bent and so,
The second civil war broke out and the round head ranks
Faced the cavaliers at Preston, Lancs.,
And the King lost again, silly thing (stupid King).

And Cromwell sent Colonel Pride
To purge the House of Commons of the Presbyterian Royalists,
Leaving behind only the Rump Parliament

Which appointed a High Court at Westminster Hall
To indict Charles I for Tyranny (gasp).
Charles was sentenced to death
Even though he refused to accept that the court had
Jurisdiction (say goodbye to his head).
Poor King Charles laid his head on the block (January 1649)
Down came the axe and

In the silence that followed,
The only sound that could be heard was a solitary giggle from.

Oliver Cromwell, Lord Protector of England (Ole)
Born in 1599, died in 1658 (September)
Then he smashed (Ireland), set up the Commonwealth (and more!).
He crushed the Scots at Worcester, and beat the Dutch at sea in 1653, and then

He dissolved the Rump Parliament,
And with Lambert's consent wrote the instrument of Government
Under which Oliver was Protector at last, The End!

---
## [Blockchain-Freedom-Foundation/bff](https://github.com/Blockchain-Freedom-Foundation/bff)@[82c3b3cab5...](https://github.com/Blockchain-Freedom-Foundation/bff/commit/82c3b3cab59e70b220f4b3bf92cd9533e425868b)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 20:05:07 by BitcoinBrownSugar

Create README.md

People of color are being left behind as the adoption of cryptocurrencies and the baffling blockchain technology captures society spell-bound. Like a speeding train on a lighting railway, many passengers, those not agile enough, get left behind. Minorities are being left behind. Women are being left behind. The techno-challenged are left behind. Many middle-class citizens are left behind. Those with zero disposable income and those hovering near the poverty metric have been left stranded on the platform with their baggage and grip afoot, but without a token of passage, and no ticket agent in sight.

The Blockchain Freedom Foundation was launched in 2021 to establish a pathway for those being left behind to improve their agility in hopping onto the speeding train. We are not suggesting something to impede its trajectory or to slow the train, but rather, this Foundation seeks to establish on-ramps for stranded passengers to safely merge onto the train. 

From observation, the wealth gap between those on board the train and those wandering along the tracks seems to exponentially increase as crypto train bolts from station to station. With every newly coded coin, in most cases, those left behind are the very passengers most needed and most needing to be transported from their current station in life to a new destination of financial freedom. 

Whilst the train is in motion, the Blockchain Freedom Foundation will establish roadmaps for people being left behind to be cautiously on-boarded into the various facets of the crypto concaves. The Foundation will rely on the expertise of early adopters and developers to structure educational tracts about the far-reaching aspects of blockchain technology. In turn, these roadmaps will act as tokens for passage, enabling more and more people to confidently board the train at the nearest station and no longer be left out of the migration.

To enable the onboarding process, this Foundation is engaged in gathering, curating, and breaking down information into consumable nuggets for dissemination. For instance, our websites display a section called “What is” where we use real-life analogies to explain technical and complex blockchain jargon using simple terminology so viewers can get it. 

The object of breaking down the complexity of the information is not to render financial advice or to steer investments toward a particular asset. However, those potentially being left behind can view these bite-sized simplistic messages and infographics on our platforms to quickly acquire basic information of the blockchain technology to make reasonable decisions about what to do with this newly gleaned knowledge they’re absorbing.

In order to achieve the objectives to onboard the targeted groups and the left-behind populous, the Blockchain Freedom Foundation is inviting experts and the wider caring-community from across the color spectrum to join in addressing this major debacle. The community must find a way to onboard those being left out of the cryptocurrency conversation. The efforts of this outreach will result in broader adoption of blockchain as a more transparent system of governance across society and industry.

To advance the mission, the Blockchain Freedom Foundation will employ its media platform to facilitate community actions that bring attention to and attempt to stem systematic exclusion from technological advancements over centuries. The aim is to reverse this persistent tide of leaving people of lesser means out of wealth generation opportunities. 

This platform seeks to provide critical cryptocurrency information and pathways to access economic resources being created by new-age blockchain systems. Equipped with such tools, women, people of color, minority groups, and lower-income citizens can choose to participate or capitalize on opportunities, accumulate store-of-value assets and benefit from potential wealth growth through ownership and investments in cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology.

MISSION - Blockchain Freedom Foundation

To EDUCATE.

To ENCOURAGE debate.

To FOSTER unity.

To BUILD consensus.

To INSPIRE excellence.

FOUNDATION’S CHARTER
The Blockchain Freedom Foundation has embarked on a charter to gather and present knowledge that enables people of all walks of life, but specifically people of color and minority groups, to realize and value their human potential and develop self-sufficiency and independence by accessing and adopting advanced technologies like blockchain and cryptocurrencies.

VISION
The Blockchain Freedom Foundation envisions a community where the adoption of blockchain and other decentralized technologies become the basis of facilitating trust and transparency in all means of communicating, transacting, and ownership worldwide planet earth and intergalactically.

CALL TO ACTION
The Blockchain Freedom Foundation invites corporations, governments, organizations and individuals to recognize the potential that blockchain technology holds for the advancement of people of color, minorities and women; and with that to play an active role in supporting this mission to spread knowledge of advanced technologies like blockchain and cryptocurrencies to people of color so they may participate and enhance their human experience which will result in improving this planetary existence for all.

UTAH BITCOIN CONFERENCE - 10.01.2021

One of the first undertaking by the Blockchain Freedom Foundation is to host the Utah Bitcoin Conference on Friday, October 1st, 2021. We invite the local and international community to come together for this inaugural Bitcoin Conference and Blockchain Party, which will be held at the Zermatt Resort, Midway, Utah, near Park City.

CONFERENCE THEME CLAIM Your Freedom. Secure YOUR Future. Determine Your DESTINY.

This is a gathering of early adopters and Bitcoin enthusiasts from all over the USA and around the globe for this spectacular conference at this spectacular place at this spectacular time, where the Blockchain Freedom Foundation promises a very spectacular experience for all participants.

SPONSORS ARE KEY TO SUCCESS

Your sponsorship of the Utah Bitcoin Conference is key to making the event a success. The Blockchain Freedom Foundation evaluated offering this first conference at no cost to attendees. However, the attractiveness of the venue and opportunity to set the stage for a close-range forum for robust knowledge-filled debate and entertaining discourse was a welcome opportunity. The value sponsors provide allows attendees to receive a deeper and richer experience that only the investment made by your sponsorship could offer at the Utah Bitcoin Conference this year.

EVERYONE CAN SPONSOR

We welcome sponsorship from all who feel inclined to support the Blockchain Freedom Foundation and the Utah Bitcoin Conference. We entertain sponsorships from companies and individuals whose interests align with the vision and any or all objectives of BFF. At this inaugural year of the Utah Bitcoin Conference we are actively soliciting sponsorships and gifts from: Everyday People and Celebrities Corporations who wish to showcase diversity in action Individual Investors Technology Experts Cryptocurrency Exchanges, Token Platforms, Developers Financial institutions, Brokerages, Credit Unions, Banks Utility and Services Sector Builders and Homeowners Universities, Colleges, Educational Entities 

Donations and Sponsorships PAID TO:

Blockchain Freedom Foundation 9740 North 6000 West, Suite 200B, Highland, UT 84003

Contact: 801-299-9105 
EMAIL bitconslc@gmail.com
WEB www.utahbitcoinconference.com

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[90a695f248...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/90a695f248d0bdbab772849c8310f5cf5d55cd96)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 20:21:09 by Joel Robert Justiawan

SONG + DIALOG + WEEK ADDITION TIPS

TIPS to make sure song with dialogue in week works:
pay attention:
- DialogueBox.hx: line 49, 73, 98, 132, 196, 234
- PlayState.hx: line 334, 336, 698, 710, 715, 719, 726, 879, 1083, 1113, 1131, 1136, 1156, 1200,
- StoryMenuState.hx: 35, 39 (make sure to true this value in array to pre-unlock), 49, 61

UPDATED:
- Jakarta fair stage kinda finished
- Hookx finished
- added custom song from https://gamebanana.com/mods/43569 because I love MIDI and learn how to add unique new song yay thancc **SeaNothing** wooho!! Enjoy Hating_Simulator_Nokia in Microemulator glory lol!
- put all weeb in the asset/shared so it can be loaded anywhere possible wtf how do I supposed to load that one up here?!
- Jakarta Fair stage images also in asset/shared/images because I error without doing so
- add Odysee LBRY stuff in the specialThanks, Intro dialogue, etc.
- add Odysee watermark boot screen. get Odysee press kit at ttps://odysee.com/@OdyseeHelp:b/odyseepresskit:b?r=4jRC3d5tDF9DhZzAnEqaArPdyCH2MAyy yay.
- add other pages link in bottom of README.md
- proposed Criticism & appreciations document
- argh it's tonight! must sleep

---
## [Geoxor/Xornet](https://github.com/Geoxor/Xornet)@[0e99a367dc...](https://github.com/Geoxor/Xornet/commit/0e99a367dcb4cacacd76cc06f00e0807a8564444)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 20:40:09 by George Tsotsos

scuffed ass chart update function bababooey fuckin code fuck you

Co-Authored-By: N1kO23 <59277828+N1kO23@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-Authored-By: Connor <cimok2000@gmail.com>

---
## [DarkoniusXNG/oaa](https://github.com/DarkoniusXNG/oaa)@[760cdf05c5...](https://github.com/DarkoniusXNG/oaa/commit/760cdf05c5aaddda76789b4c9eb21a1cc8da5787)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 20:50:21 by Darko V

Ogre Tank boss changes

* Ogre Tank boss cannot be disabled (stunned, silenced etc.) during the jump.
* Fixed blood particle on the killed units by the Ogre not showing on the killed units. (They were showing in the center of the map.)
* Fixed Ogre Tank boss not reacting to creeps that attack him.
* Improved Ogre Tank boss and Ogre Seer AI a little bit.
* Ogre Tank boss will not react to snipers but Ogre Seers will. Why? Ogre Tanks are stupid so they will not react to snipers unless they are within 1200 range of him.
* Ogre Tank boss abilities will no longer stun spell-immune units.

---
## [facebook/flipper](https://github.com/facebook/flipper)@[96cbc81e63...](https://github.com/facebook/flipper/commit/96cbc81e639d051b235a0114ec0b1be3c6bee0b9)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 21:22:00 by Michel Weststrate

Fix connection and DOM management of React DevTools

Summary:
This diff fixes several existing issues in the React DevTools:

Every time the user opened the plugin we re-instantiated the devtools, which has a few problems: 1) it looses all state (e.g. selection), and 2) this causes the tools to start a websocket listener on a new port, that was never cleaned up, or ever used, since React Native always connects to port 8097 anyway.

To preserve the state the idea of the original implementation was to move the devTools out of the current view, without disposing it. This actually didn't work in practice due to a faulty implementation, causing a full reinialization of the tools every time. Addressed this by reusing the mechanism that is used by the Hermes debugger tools as well.

By properly managing the port (e.g. closing it), there is no need to start (in vain) the devTools on a random port.

Port reversal for physical devices needs to happen only once, in principle upon connecting the device, so moved it to the device logic, which also avoids the need to hack into the global Flipper store.

Avoiding recreating the devTools makes plugin switching near instant, instead of needing to wait for a few seconds until the devTools connect.

When multiple apps are connected the behavior is now consistent: the application that refreshed last will be the one visible in the devTools. (That is still pretty suboptimal, but at least predicable and not a use case that is requested / supported in the DevTools themselves atm)

There is still ugly DOM business going on, did put that in a stand alone component for now.
Didn't extract the shared logic with Hermes plugin yet, but did verify both are still working correctly.

Changelog: [React DevTools] Several improvements that should improve the overal experience, the plugin should load much quicker and behave more predictably.

Reviewed By: bvaughn

Differential Revision: D28382587

fbshipit-source-id: 0f2787b24fa2afdf5014dbf1d79240606405199a

---
## [rorydale/pointbreakradio](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio)@[998b4041b7...](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio/commit/998b4041b78033b930df990e5b78914fbddfe5ea)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-12 22:43:46 by Rory Dale

2021-05-12

Wednesday, May 12th, 2021 - the new, new music show! Normally scheduled for a Tuesday, today's new music show is a little different, but mainly behind the scenes in constructing the playlist and promoting it. Instead of playlisting the show immediately after I wake up, I listened a little more casually to music throughout the day and picked out tracks for the first hour that jumped out at me. The second half was put together more traditionally, but none of this matters to you! Most importantly I wanted to go back to a more easier going show, less focused on the promotion and more on the music and the experience. I had a lot of fun and made some new friends too! Hope you enjoy it! Squirrel flower.

---

# [<](2021-05-11.md) 2021-05-12 [>](2021-05-13.md)

