# [<](2021-04-20.md) 2021-04-21 [>](2021-04-22.md)

3,113,576 events, 1,560,513 push events, 2,476,147 commit messages, 189,288,853 characters


## [JYC11/krcb-onboarding-automation@8f5d2d90a8...](https://github.com/JYC11/krcb-onboarding-automation/commit/8f5d2d90a8932cd0c08cdbaff50f2b2bb32158e4)
##### 2021-04-21 13:24:30 by Jaeyoon Cho

initial commit

Gonna automate the shit out of the stupid manual data entry work that has been at a thorn at my side for almost 2 years. Starting by adding the relevant files from my other repo. Fuck data entry aroirherhwerhworhwoirhwpoirhfe;oirhf;oeiwrh.

---
## [Maetrim/DDOBuilder@a861f1c003...](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder/commit/a861f1c0034e277712660af83f373eca6ea1496e)
##### 2021-04-21 14:35:25 by Maetrim

Build 1.0.0.130

U49 Changes:
---"Half-Elf Dilettante: Ranger" updated
---"Half-Elf" "Improved Dilettante: Ranger" enhancements updated
---"Fury of the Wild: Adrenaline" is now 150/150/150/200%
---"Fury Eternal" now lists it as a 100% chance on vorpal to recharge adrenaline
---"Shiradi Champion: Hunt's End" now at 300% and 18 second cooldown
---"Past Life: Aasimar Scourge" is now 2% doublestirke per stack and has no off-hand doublestrike
---"Fury Eternal" and "Fury made Placid" are no longer mutually exclusive
---"Tempest: Dervish" updated
---"Shot on the Run" updated
---"Deepwood Stalker: Improved Archer's Focus" updated
---"Fatesinger: Primal Hymn" updated
---All Longbows and Shortbows in the planner have been updated to add Dexterity to damage
---"Point Blank Shot" updated
---"Combat Archery" updated
---"Manyshot" updated
---"Knight of the Chalice: Knight's Training" updated
---All extended range critical bows updated to have reduced critical range
---All "Offhand doublestrike" effects and breakdown removed

Other Changes:
Fix: Typo in item "Indomitable Wrappings (Level 28)" fixed. (Reported in a Strimtom build review)
Fix: The "Sleep" spell is now correctly classed as an Enchantment spell, not Abjuration (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: Feydard Illusionst tree is now only correctly available to rank 3 of Spellsinger: Magical Studies (not rank 1) (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: Item "Legendary Wildheart" Docent now correctly has Repair Amplification not Healing amplification (Reported by Strimtom in build review 27)
Fix: Spell "Bless" is now correctly a Paladin level 1 spell (Reported by Strimtom in build review 27)

---
## [uoregon-libraries/rais-image-server@51eb62ec4d...](https://github.com/uoregon-libraries/rais-image-server/commit/51eb62ec4de194652dea41d8ba39386922b39f2f)
##### 2021-04-21 16:20:59 by Jeremy Echols

plugins/imagick-decoder: reduce "445" errors

Removes the reuse of ImageMagick data, which caused excessive problems
when writing out some kind of cache to /tmp.

I'm not entirely sure what ImageMagick was doing that became a problem,
but it seems you absolutely *must* free resources immediately after
using them.  Even though the second request instantiated a new C.Image,
it seems whatever ImageMagick does on the filesystem causes it to get
itself confused when the cache is still around and the same file is
requested for processing.

The bad news is that ImageMagick is clearly not threadsafe.  Even with
this fix, problems are less common but not eliminated altogether.  The
good news, however, is that this speeds up info.json requests
dramatically.  Because my first implementation IS TERRIBLE and I should
be very ashamed.  And I am.

Oddly, this only happens with large files, so I suspect ImageMagick has
some kind of limit to the number of bytes it's willing to write to its
filesystem-based cache.

---
## [hyperbolic2346/cudf@8a666a04e0...](https://github.com/hyperbolic2346/cudf/commit/8a666a04e0123744eb259d88ac4c04b0b6de4303)
##### 2021-04-21 17:07:53 by Vyas Ramasubramani

Refactor Python and Cython internals for groupby aggregation (#7818)

This PR makes some improvements to the groupby/aggregation code that I identified while working on #7731. The main purpose is to make the code logic easier to follow and reduce some unnecessary complexity; I see minor but measurable performance improvements (2-5% for small datasets) as well, but those are mostly just side effects here. Specifically, it makes the following changes:

1. Inlines the logic for dropping unsupported aggregations. The old function was repetitive and necessitated looping over the aggregations twice, whereas the new approach drops unwanted aggregations on the fly so it only loops once. The new code also makes it so that you only construct a C aggregation object once.
2. Merges the logic from `_AggregationFactory` into `Aggregation`, and removes the constructor for `Aggregation`. The one downside here is that the Cython `Aggregation` object's constructor no longer places it in a valid state; however, in practice the object is always constructed via either the `make_aggregation` function or its various factories, and the object's constructor was only every used in `_drop_unsupported_aggs` anyway. The benefit is we remove the fragmentation between these two classes, making the code much more readable, and the `Aggregation` class actually serves a purpose now beyond just providing a single property `kind` that is only used once: it is now the primary way that other Cython files interact with aggregations. This also means that in most places other Cython modules don't need to work with `unique_ptr[aggregation]` as much anymore (although they do still have to move `Aggregation.c_obj` for performance reasons). `make_aggregation` now returns the Cython class instead of the underlying C++ one.
3. Modified all the "allowed aggregations" sets to use the uppercase names of the aggregations. In addition to simplifying the code a tiny bit, this helps reduce confusion between the aggregation names used in Python for pandas compatibility and the libcudf names (for instance, `idxmin` vs `argmin`, now `ARGMIN`).
4. Explicitly defines all the aggregations on a groupby. I discussed this briefly with @shwina, the change has pros and cons. The benefit is that all of these methods are properly documented now, there's less magic (the binding of methods to a class after its definition can be confusing for less experienced Python developers and has a lot of potential gotchas), and we can use the simpler string-based agg definition wherever possible. The downside is that we now have to define all of these methods. I think the change is definitely an improvement, but I'm happy to change it back if anyone can suggest a better alternative. In the long run we probably need to find a way to share both code and docstrings more effectively between all aggregations (DataFrame, Series, and GroupBy).

Authors:
  - Vyas Ramasubramani (https://github.com/vyasr)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

Approvers:
  - Karthikeyan (https://github.com/karthikeyann)
  - Ashwin Srinath (https://github.com/shwina)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

URL: https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/pull/7818

---

# [<](2021-04-20.md) 2021-04-21 [>](2021-04-22.md)

