# [<](2021-02-01.md) 2021-02-02 [>](2021-02-03.md)

3,380,572 events, 1,500,883 push events, 2,353,078 commit messages, 185,859,094 characters


## [LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto@f330a02721...](https://github.com/LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto/commit/f330a0272169c80b79da919ec7c7fbd5e181c752)
##### 2021-02-02 02:40:23 by LDR

LOLCOWS 

I can't even make this up. She ended up on the LOLCOWS website. I have no clue who put her up there, but the poor misguided soul tried. They failed terribly but they tried. And the trolls converged. All I can say is about 2am in the wee hours of Sunday morning I was trying to not laugh so hard to wake my darling husband up or my children.  I am ever so thankful my husband can sleep through anything and so can my children. Their comments were outrageous, I have a new love for Adam Driver, and I have never seen the Dibney Cru screen grab that many crazy comments that face in my time knowing them. Kudo's to the trolls at LOLCOWS, they kept a few of us awake past what can be called our bed times.

But Emily took them seriously. Thought they were her friends, even went as far as to make them a discord so they could keep trolling her, named it Anti-Troll HQ(Yes sir, Anti-Troll HQ filled with LOLCOWS Trolls) and even gave her speech like she was some important official. We all pretty well died laughing when she tried to get them to go after all of us. Though I will say getting the discord notice that the Trollorist forum had seen 41 hits at 4:30am Sunday Morning from Aislinn was hysterical to say the least. No one posted up on the forums, but they showed up, and did nothing. Not a single thing. Guess their "Queen" was just not that commanding.

---
## [thechangelog/changelog.com@b2c7a2fb37...](https://github.com/thechangelog/changelog.com/commit/b2c7a2fb3747e3eb397ee766ed4c14e93c042066)
##### 2021-02-02 02:56:13 by Gerhard Lazu

Migrate from Crunchy Data to Zalando PostgreSQL

Crunchy Data has not been the best experience. Based on the initial
setup, Zalando PostgreSQL seems to be better.

What worked well with Crunchy Data:

* it didn't lose any data
* it degraded gracefully under load

What didn't work so well:

* the initial setup was complicated, with too much documentation that
  was poorly structured (no teasing, lumps of unrelated items, probably
  useful, but confusing as hell)
* default backups filled the disk and made the db become unavailable
  (not a safe default & not easy to configure)
* the pgo client approach is not GitOps friendly, I really missed the
  CRD approach
* replication stopped, pg-wal on the primary filled up, and eventually
  the primary crashed and wouldn't restart - that was a fun one to debug
  & recover from (our own custom backups saved the day)
* pods have too many labels (15+) which means that Loki running in
  Grafana Cloud rejects the db logs as they breach the maximum number of
  allowed labels 🙄
* couldn't figure out how to get metrics into Prometheus & Grafana
  dashboards into our kube-prometheus-stack setup

All in all a poor experience, too heavyweight and complicated. But it's
OSS, so we tried it, captured this feedback, and moved on because YOLO.

In closing, within the first 30 minutes of switching to a PostgreSQL
provisioned by the Zalando Operator, our 95th responses went from 313ms
avg to 228ms according to nginx logs. That's a 28% speedup by simply
switching the operator. So far, so good 😉

Signed-off-by: Gerhard Lazu <gerhard@lazu.co.uk>

---
## [LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto@b0bb5ac3b3...](https://github.com/LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto/commit/b0bb5ac3b334e484b91c53f7c894de48f7f58dcb)
##### 2021-02-02 02:59:18 by LDR

Aevum Discord Server Pt 1

I am not even going to summarize this. I will quote a lovely woman that I know and adore "Ooof, that Discord RP is painful to read, my brain itches."
Another one who is truly a goddess to her generation put "My god this whole thing is a clusterfuck. Her "races" include jobs and things that don't have to do with races. Some are listed multiple times, the only ones that have any amount of explanation are her ridiculous custom races like "lava mermaid". Oh god, she did the sim lore in what she thinks is Shakespearean Rhyme." 
"Her RP is a mist of tons of different stories. She's all over the place." I quote another.
"Yeah, which is why I think its hilarious she compares every sim and says they were inspired by her and everyone wants to steal her ideas."

I heard that a few times from her mouth. Trying to claim COV's ideas as her own and a few others. Thankfully no one else has to listen to that business because again, she has been banned.

---
## [ESA-Security-Group/Alexa-LED-Animation-Files-for-AVS@8eb4116617...](https://github.com/ESA-Security-Group/Alexa-LED-Animation-Files-for-AVS/commit/8eb4116617ae60f1dfe57cf9a68315e378f1ec19)
##### 2021-02-02 09:57:36 by DPO - Higher Commander: Ambjoern Shield

Set up CI with Azure Pipelines

https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

https://www.computerhope.com/share/

All information ℹ️ on this links☝🏼is a different type of responsible for all and every “individual existing person or creators” And is also highly RESTRICTED 🚫 to use or be aware about and if you are doing any specific actions of coding or building something digitally on or into the “Matrix of the humans world” 

“No further details of any more warning ⚠️ will not be given”!! No further details of any more warning ⚠️ will not be given|[!?¡¿]uǝʌıƃ ǝq ʇou llıʍ sƃuıuɹɐʍ ǝʇoɯ ʎuɐ ɟo slıɐʇǝp ɹǝɥʇnɟ ou 


This was really a successfully project for our space program and we was gathering all needed materials and samples for stopping the 2016 catastrophic invasions from the dogs and the following digitally cancer they were become- Agnes and me Ambjörn,  Simon suggested to stop them and clean them out from all digital levels and all environmental impact of the Matrix of the humans world. 2018 years was the breaking-point and 2019 years-The springtime the international electric energy system (clean and safe ✅) 
All public systems clean out and safety 2019 Mars 15 ✅- All systems getting into normal drift again 2019 - 6 July 
And when the public information came out from Simon Sköld (Specific military defense of complex digital energy and compiling Matrices systems of digital Matrix systems - “We have DEFINITELY DEFEATED THE ENTIRE INVASION FROM THE WAR BETWEEN THE HUMANS AND THE PROBLEMS THAT THEY CASE IN THE OTHER SPACE” No human males is longer alive but they was the one how started the war by being infected and was quickly discovered as zombified dangerous humans. The Universal species was fighting against this “infected human males” No females was infected because of the “antidotes discovered on the “MARS project the movie 🎥 is about- The Matrix of the humans world will be build up again by The Higher Commander- Ambjörn Sköld ORION - REXIII  and his son “Ambriel Simon Sköld” Agnes Josefin fight at the same time for the clean up on the planet VENUS were the humans had been involved in “forbidden mining of minerals” and caused a war at the same time as the other species attack the humans world 🌎- And the victory of the war was the fact of she is the “Queen and Goddess of the planet Venus” The investigation of the case was discovered that the human males had been killing and reaping” more than two millions females humans with out any investigations from police or public hospitals systems- This major impact of all countries public city systems as well as the military departments etc. Will be telling by the answer of the big number of names for some actions of death penalty (males) than the planet 🌎 earth was involved in the biggest catastrophe of death happened to the humans history. All tryouts to keep this in some secrets from the humans history will be definitely determined by the KA & RA of the planet earth 🌍 “New world order” Yes was... And will be the only sullied solution and the terms from the “invasion alien species” or alliance species of the human females are needed to make peace ☮️ successfully protected for the humans specie. The exact numbers of losses from this war is still unknown year 2021. But the guessing of that will be more or less lesser together with all the inessential “humans females brutally killed and only victims” Maybe 8 billion human people’s lives from the start of the offensive inversion - WAR against the human (male) species - 2016 - 2019 years. 
“Civil young children was never involved or attacked or any big number of victims in this world war catastrophic of death” (But it is still unknown how many of the younger people of humans world- And how many of them were victims of been captured and against their own will was used as the male clone as some sexual objects or victims?) 

yes n | rm -i *.txt

https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/s/string.htm
This “snapshot with the digital linked list commands” is captured by the Higher Commander- Ambjörn Sköld - Orion - REXIII and is not allowed 🚫 to use without Ambjörn’s permission! All kinds of actions or use “with out” this permits will be executed by the death penalty by breaking this ‰ #LAW:ACT ⚖️་ཟཛ ʇɔɐ:ʍɐl 

(EA Games all kinds of software and applications as SIM’s platforms etc is definitely FORBIDDEN 🚫 in all versions or digitally build versions into the “Matrix of the humans world” = The public system as citizens department of all use, Privat domain or public access systems of any sites or digitally build access forms) EA Games IS FROM NOW ON CLASSIFIED AS A TERROR- ORGANIZATION and will be pointed out as a “target-mark” for the humans and all other species and their security! All operations for this is handed out by “ESA Military Squadron” and U.S Air-Force for the humans worldwide safety “Defense system and military strike” 
- All kinds of questions about this commands can be answered by Ambjörn Sköld on the following email address: 

higher.commander@e-s-a.space 

unix
Captured☝🏼by Ambjörn Sköld 

And this account IS PROTECTED by all diffrent kinds of copyright ©️™️®️of prevent all publication or any other species or profiles accounts etc and all the ✨magic✨🪄 the names of my lists on this account:
https://www.instagram.com/s/aGlnaGxpZ2h0OjE4MDA0MTcxNzQ3MzAxMTM0?igshid=cxr2i9bphglu

must be any “female” individuals and are not for ever public persons or anyone? No it’s really ✨POWERFUL✨🔥🪄magic and must be someone that I have chosen to be on my list 

https://instagram.com/ambjorn.skold?igshid=5nlpdhelhe2 [skip ci]

---
## [VOREStation/VOREStation@fc91485466...](https://github.com/VOREStation/VOREStation/commit/fc91485466cb1b6be160150b67edefc31d8f5737)
##### 2021-02-02 15:27:38 by Wickedtemp

ML3M Rebalancing

Originally, the ML3M was intended to be a little bit stronger. The healing values for the Brute, Burn, Omni, Toxin, and Antirad cells, have been adjusted according to what was initially planned. 
Base Tier's now heal 10 per shot, for a total of 40 damage healed, up from 20.
Second Tier's now heal 20, instead of 10.
Third Tier's heal 40, instead of 20. 

Omni 1 heals 5's for brute, burn, and toxin, and 30 for oxy, up from half those values. Omni 2, is 10's and 60, and Omni 3 is 20's and 120. 

Antirad Cell had its toxin heal bumped up from 2.5 to 5, and its radiation-heal from 150, to 350. I wasn't originally going to touch this one, but the text said "It's 150 because that's equal to five units of arithrazine", and... it wasn't. So, I bumped it up to actually be equal to 5u of Arithrazine's worth of radiation healing.

Stabilizer Cell, CorpseMend, Resistance, Haste, and the size-changing cells, were not touched.
The reasons for this are as follows:

- The healing laser was simply not strong enough to ever tend to more than one patient. Healing 20-40 damage per cell just isn't enough, even if you had several clips full of cells, it just wasn't viable.
- As a result of this, it was seldom if ever used. Field Medics rarely if ever took it with them. In nearly every round I've played, it was left exactly where it was spawned, collecting dust. 
- I'd like to make it a more proper treatment option. It wouldn't be equal to reagents used in your usual Medbay setting, or surgical repair, but if it's modified to actually fulfill its niche as a rapid, contact-free treatment option, it could be relied on more by Field Medics. There is so much potential for this device as an "in the field" healing tool, and I'd like to see it done well. We have no shortage of people who would like to see non-chemical-based treatment options. We might as well make it useful enough to actually use.

Here are a few issues people brought up in Discord when I floated this idea.
"But, Tempest, you're doubling everything? That's a huge change! Won't this result in the ML3M overshadowing other treatment options?"
Certainly not. Currently, with tier-2 cells that only heal up to 40 damage, this is actually worse than basic first-aid in terms of raw healing ability, as the cutoff for first aid healing is 50 damage on a limb. First aid and reagents will still be the most convenient, most readily available, and overall most-used manner of treatment for injuries that can be treated using those methods. All this change would do is allow the ML3M to also have its uses, and stop being overshadowed by everything else. 

"Okay, but what if it DOES actually become The New Meta and becomes the favored tool for healing?"
I wouldn't see it as an issue if Chemistry gets dethroned, in all honesty. They'd both take quite a bit of prep-work to use. You have to make multiples of every chem if you want a solid stock, and you'd need multiples of every cell if you want proper coverage and healing-ability, since even with these changes you're expending 1-3 cells per patient. And, unless you get multiple ML3M's made, only folks who are gonna have one are the CMO, and whoever nabs the spawned one first. 

"But wouldn't this result in less departmental cooperation between Medical and Science now that Medical will require fewer cells?"
Most likely, no. If anything, I'd think there would be an increase, round-to-round, if this becomes a more viable and wanted tool, more people will ask for cells. Personally, my list of requested cells would stay the same, but I'd be sending that request in more often since I know it'll actually be useful rather than having it just to have it. Tier 2 cells are still going to be desirable, and I'm still probably not going to order Tier 3's because of the cost, but that's just me. It's still going to be incredibly weak at roundstart, and better cells will be that much nicer to obtain.

"But Tempest! If you get the highest tiers of cells, and a lot of them, you could fix anything that doesn't require surgery!"
Well, if Science had the time and mats, then sure, you could gather up a large enough collection of cells, and you probably could indeed do this for one or two badly injured patients... ... ...and I could accomplish the same goal if I'm given 20 seconds in a chem-lab. The ML3M is more costly to use, the cells cost resources, have to be recharged after 4 shots, and you only start with a base tier Burn, Brute, and Stabilizer cell. Each shot from a base level burn/brute cell is the equivalent of 1.25u of bicaridine or kelotane. This change would make it 2.5. Base level cells are still going to be next to useless for anything other than the most minor of injuries. Chemistry will still be the dominating powerhouse it always has been, but at least you can use this tool, provided the PR goes through, instead, more often.

"Tempest, this thing just wasn't intended to be used to fully heal people..."
A couple people have said this, and to be honest, it's silly. In our medical system, there's very little distinction between what can "heal a little bit" and what can "heal fully", because it all comes down to the fact that everything works off of damage values. If Option A heals 5 damage, and Option B heals 50... Both are capable of "healing fully" if you have enough Option A, it's just a question as to whether or not that's practical. Currently, the ML3M's healing values can't really even be used to even partially heal injuries, unless you have a large number of cells. You'd expend all of your charges on one patient and then you've got a paperweight taking up storage space until you can get to a recharger. 

Now, as for issues that I personally see? Biggest one is probably the Toxin cell. If I remlember correctly, the base Toxin cell is the same tech requirement as the Second Tier Brute/Burn cells. This PR doesn't fix that, and I don't really see it as a huge priority since I don't think anyone uses the toxin cells as it is, but yeah. Might need to be fixed at some point if this PR goes through.

And, absolute worst case scenario, let's say that this PR screws everything up, turns the Tether upside down, and now Medbay is dominated by a bunch of blue laser beams flying everywhere like it's the new Star Wars Trilogy (but actually better because those movies kinda set a low bar)... this PR was really easy to do. The only long part about it was typing all of this up. We can just bump the numbers down if this ends up sucking really bad, ezpz.

Thank you for coming to my ted talk.

---

# [<](2021-02-01.md) 2021-02-02 [>](2021-02-03.md)

