# [<](2021-06-29.md) 2021-06-30 [>](2021-07-01.md)

3,111,149 events, 1,503,051 push events, 2,471,109 commit messages, 185,885,184 characters


## [QueenAkyea/CalcScore](https://github.com/QueenAkyea/CalcScore)@[2e6fa6cddb...](https://github.com/QueenAkyea/CalcScore/commit/2e6fa6cddb5afc2b8bf28f877488af557aa8f970)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 07:20:56 by QueenAkyea

Oh? You were expecting me to write an actual commit message? fuck you

Signed-off-by: Akyea <QueenAkyea@gmail.com>

---
## [wincent/wincent](https://github.com/wincent/wincent)@[3da8127699...](https://github.com/wincent/wincent/commit/3da812769988861c659986fdf7bd4906ed11cf59)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 08:07:03 by Greg Hurrell

chore(dotfiles): make pulling a bit less annoying

I have `branch.autosetuprebase` set to "local" which means that
local branches (ie. not tracking remote branches) will automatically
get `branch.<name>.rebase` set to true.  That means that if I am on
`feature` that tracks `main` and do `git pull` or `git merge main`, I'll
get a rebase. In practice this is what I want, but I never actually do
`git merge main`... I just do `git rebase main`. Whatever...

The thing that has been annoying me is the `branch.main.rebase` and
`branch.master.rebase` setting to "true" in the top-level git config.
This means that when I am in the common case of running `git pull` on
the checked out "main" branch with a dirty worktree, the darn thing says
"can't rebase with changes", and I don't even want to do a rebase; I
want to do a `--ff-only` merge and if it can't be a fast-forward I want
Git to tell me about it so I can deal with it. (For my typical case, I
usually can do a fast-forward merge with no conflicts.)

So, remove the unwanted defaults, and set `pull.ff` to "only" so that it
knows that I want `git pull` to imply `--ff-only`, which I basically
always do (if I didn't, I would just `git fetch` and `git merge` or even
`git merge --no-ff`). Basically, just want to optimize for the common
case.

How did the unwanted defaults sneak in there? Well, the
`branch.main.rebase = true` crept in in 0eb0e95d5e527f7d2b ("refactor:
make "main" the default branch", June 6, 2021); ie. only a month ago. I
can't remember if I unthinkingly did it by hand, but I believe I
probably did, because I didn't pause to consider the implications.

The other one `branch.master.rebase = true` dates way back to
c15c96d53dd2c2 ("Git: set branch.master.rebase to true", March 9, 2012).
Preferences and workflows change, I guess 🤣 — and more likely, I don't
know if `pull.ff` existed back then, which is what I really would have
wanted.

---
## [Wizard-Of-Chaos/BotlerIsland](https://github.com/Wizard-Of-Chaos/BotlerIsland)@[d4d595f796...](https://github.com/Wizard-Of-Chaos/BotlerIsland/commit/d4d595f796307a592c9c3968905a2e5cc66be7a7)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 09:17:05 by virtuNat

Tentative batch command and react fix update

- Note to self: test all of this shit soon because why the fuck does react roles keep breaking????

---
## [alashow/datmusic-android](https://github.com/alashow/datmusic-android)@[0994911da1...](https://github.com/alashow/datmusic-android/commit/0994911da1455f9093bccaa5bbb707af1540a47c)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 10:02:26 by Alashov Berkeli

WIP Search lists

I fucking love compose ui so far, but gotta sleep now

---
## [nvbn/thefuck](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck)@[7f97818663...](https://github.com/nvbn/thefuck/commit/7f97818663de9351ac7e2c6314ed94184811d62a)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 12:20:51 by Romain Heller

#455: [README] Add uninstall instructions (#1171)

* ~[Doc] Add Uninstall instructions

As we need the package and to modify the shell config, users could have a pain in the ass when it comes to retire *The Fuck* from the system.

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Pablo Aguiar <scorphus@gmail.com>

---
## [rpardini/armbian-build](https://github.com/rpardini/armbian-build)@[ee698c15c4...](https://github.com/rpardini/armbian-build/commit/ee698c15c46e3fe53702a0de93b4f3459c2b12de)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 12:37:56 by Ricardo Pardini

ODROID N2/N2+ mainline U-boot; use common boot-meson64.cmd instead of n2-specific bootscript.
- Armbian already had all the FIP-magic needed.
- Small hack into boot-meson64.cmd to handle u-boot vs kernel: n2_plus vs n2-plus DTB/FDT naming mismatch
  - overrides the default $fdtfile based on $variant
  - armbianEnv still has final say if $fdtfile is set there (it isn't for n2/n2plus)
- remove now unneeded n2 bootscripts, since we'll be using boot-meson64.cmd
- Extra:
  - remove unused C4 bootscript (just a delete, it was unused before this commit already)
  - comments about FIP trees being identical across N2/N2Plus and C4/HC4.
  - change governor to performance; should make N2 more stable
  - none of this solves any USB3 related problems, sorry.

Signed-off-by: Ricardo Pardini <ricardo@pardini.net>

---
## [sd369888/Hensuki-Novel-vol13](https://github.com/sd369888/Hensuki-Novel-vol13)@[1c83d26b32...](https://github.com/sd369888/Hensuki-Novel-vol13/commit/1c83d26b32f9b66480d0727395af9c142968de27)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 13:54:35 by Bill

Create Will you be able to love your little sister as long as she’s a cutie?
.docx

---
## [mflatt/racket](https://github.com/mflatt/racket)@[41a708b2ac...](https://github.com/mflatt/racket/commit/41a708b2acaab8d7562a60435176ce7213df728f)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 15:12:40 by Matthew Flatt

remove syntax arming, but protect macro-expansion operations

Syntax arming and disarming was part of a design to allow sandboxing
untrusted code without unduly constraining the sandboxed code. Unsafe
operations --- or operations that would otherwise break invariants
within a trusted library --- can be protected by not exporting them or
by using `protect-out` on an export, and such protected bindings
cannot be referenced dierctly in sandboxed programs. But it's common
for macros to expand to (suitably guarded) uses of unsafe or
unexported bindings. Sandboxed programs need to be able to use those
macros, even though expansions refer to bindings that cannot be
referenced directly by the sandboxed program.

To make that combination work, quoted syntax objects that appear in a
macro retain a right to access the same bindings that would be allowed
in the enclosing module. This system of protected bindings and
quoted-syntax access is working, as far as we can tell, EXCEPT for
some cases when untrusted code uses `expand`, `local-expand,` and
variants. Some trusted macros and tools need to force expansions and
rearrange the result, as in the `class` macro or the errortrace
library, which is why such facilties exist. The danger is that
portions of the expansion can be extracted, with permissions intact on
the extracted part, and then abused by untrusted programs.

Syntax "arming" was an attempt to close that hole by distinguishing
trusted and untrusted uses of expanded code, revoking permissions on
an identifier by tainting it when extracted from an expansion by an
untrusted party. The tricky part has been drawing the line between
trusted and untrusted uses through a mixture of inferred and explicit
boundaries. Explicit boundaries usually involve `syntax-protect`. Long
story short, experience has shown that it's difficult to remember to
use `syntax-protect` consistently enough, and we have not been able to
enlarge the role of inference enough to close the hole.

This commit tries a simpler approach, which is to discard the complex
arming system and instead just protect operations like `local-expand`
that force macro expansions. Protecting `syntax-local` makes a sandbox
less flexible: it prevents running an untrusted module in a sandbox
when the module implements its own macros with `local-expand`,
`syntax-local-value`, and some related expansion-time operations. Most
macros do not need those facilities, however, so most modules would
still work in a sandbox. Meanwhile, sandboxed modules can still use
macros that use those faciltiies and that are implemented in trusted
modules.

A slightly different approach is used for the `expand` family of
functions, which are not used by macros, but are instead for debugging
and exploration. Each of those functions now takes an additional
inspector argument that defaults to `(current-inspector)`; the that
inspector is not the original one, then the result of expansion is
preemptively tainted, so identifiers in the expansion cannot be used.
(Syntax objects that are included in syntax-error exceptions are also
tainted that way, as they were before this commit.) So, `expand` can
still be used in a sandbox to explore expansions without necessarily
accessing bindings that are referenced in the expansion.

This change does not entirely remove the burden for implementing
modules that are intended to be trusted. Instead of requiring a
careful use of `syntax-protect` on macro expansions, the problem is
narrowed to using `local-expand` and related functions correctly, as
well as protecting any exports that would expose the capabilities of
`local-expand`. Non-protected exports that expose `local-expand` are
rare, in contrast to macros that lack `syntax-protect`. Another
benefit is that tools and macros that manipulate expansions no longer
need to use `syntax-disarm` and `syntax-rearm`, which was painful and
error-prone.

The functions `syntax-protect`, `syntax-arm`, `syntax-disarm`, and
`syntax-rearm` are still available, but they now just return the given
syntax object unmodified. The 'taint-mode and 'certify-mode
syntax-object properties are no longer specifically recognized by the
expander.

---
## [studio-toto/studio-toto.github.io](https://github.com/studio-toto/studio-toto.github.io)@[8ed8f3edd7...](https://github.com/studio-toto/studio-toto.github.io/commit/8ed8f3edd70df67a7a6886d68d6baea47bf499e3)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 16:08:15 by lvitters

no three js it doesnt work everything is terrible I hate my life

---
## [Mimi-Techmouse/Sigil-2das](https://github.com/Mimi-Techmouse/Sigil-2das)@[810604cf14...](https://github.com/Mimi-Techmouse/Sigil-2das/commit/810604cf14325b0792e919d43a5a797ad5ef7e4d)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 17:38:31 by Gadwin5894

Update domains.2DA

Travel now grants haste at lv 3 instead of 5. Freedom of movement was removed to do this- the rest is unchanged.
Fire domain now grants Burning Hands at 1, Fireball at 3, Firebrand instead of Wall of Fire at lv 5, and delayed blast fireball at lv 7
Cold domain now grants Hypothermia at lv 3, Ice Storm at lv 4, and Polar Ray at lv 8
Earth domain now grants Stoneskin at 4, Greater Stoneskin at 6, and earthquake at 9.
Magic domain swapped mage armor for magic missile, Assay spell resistance was swapped for improved mage armor, Isaac's Lesser Missile Storm has been added at 4, and greater spell mantle has been added at 9. The feat granted is now extend spell. Rest unchanged.
Trickery domain gains mirror image at 3, loses confusion at 4, and gains hallucinatory terrain at 4, with the rest unchanged.
Law domain is now mass aid at 1, hold monster at 5, mechanus cannon at lv 8, and Mass Hold Monster at 9.
Death domain exchanges power word kill at 9 for wail of the banshee at 9.
Fury Domain gets War Cry at 4 instead of Tenser's Transformation at 6. Tenser's has been removed from fury domain on account of it being so powerful that the vast majority of optimal cleric builds take it. Fury also gains Heroism at 2.
Time Domain's haste now comes at lv 4 instead of 3.
Protection Domain gains Greater Spell Mantle at 9, protection from spells was moved from 8 to 7, and etherealness was added to 8.
Darkness Domain has gained Mass Deafness/Blindness at 8 and blindsight at 1.
Undeath Domain has lost Extra Turning and gained Corpse Crafter. It also gained Control Undead at 8 and negative energy burst at 4.
Chaos domain's Confusion was moved from 5 to 3, and it gained prismatic spray at 6 and great thunderclap at level 7.
Evil domain gained stygian ice storm at 7.

---
## [Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3)@[bc42878ff2...](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3/commit/bc42878ff2a0cdb7ad4e6b1622f350e29270be1e)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 17:41:07 by harmonixer123

Miracles a a few more fixes

Caressing Tears can now reduce toxic and curse build up (it only could remove toxic status after it was inflicted until now).

Reduced the damage of Summon Earthfall to 80 per bullet.

Added the following spells:
- Supreme Blessed Weapon
- Lingering Bountiful Light
- Lingering Bountiful Sunlight
- Quickened Caressing Tears
- Supreme Darkmoon Blade
- Refined Force
- Extended Great Heal
- Supreme Magic Barrier
- Extended Heal
- Extended Heal Aid
- Divine Relief
- Refined Homeward
- Supreme Lightning Blade
- Extended Med Heal
- Lingering Perseverance
- Extended Projected Heal
- Lingering Replenishment
- Extended Sacred Oath
- Extended Soothing Sunlight
- Storm Spear
- Refined Lightning Arrow
- Lightning Surge
- Sunlight Stake
- Sunlight Storm
- Lingering Overwhelming Power
- Homing Sunlight Spear
- Wrathful Wave
- Weakening Wrathful Orbs
- Angelic Punishment
- Refined Divine Arrow
- Emit Divine Wrath
- Quickened Halo
- Homing Lothric's Holy Spear
- Refined Way of White Corona
- Quickened Wrath of the Gods

Added all the Ascended Miracles to Scribe Vadan.

Fixed the name of the Witchtree Branch when Laughing infused.

Fixed Magic Gems not being available in the Item Forge after lighting the Central Irithyll bonfire.

---
## [dankelley/oce](https://github.com/dankelley/oce)@[896fda41ee...](https://github.com/dankelley/oce/commit/896fda41ee05068615f5ed5694f35b22a89a5c38)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 19:57:43 by dankelley

adapt to new testhat

Some tests such as

  accyBurstMatlab <- c(-0.3144531, ETC
  expect_equal(d1[["accelerometery", "burst"]][1:10], accyBurstMatlab, scale=1, tolerance=1e-6)

started to fail with testthat-3.0.3, and the pattern seems to be that
the last digit is off by a value or two.  But I also notice that
expect_equal() seems to treat the 'scale' differently, and I don't
actually see it in the docs anymore, so I dropped that.

I went through all tests that started making errors and fixed them all
up, usually by changing a tolerance of, say 1e-6 to 3e-6 or so.  That
seems to work in pretty much all cases, I think.  But, the thing is:
these are just test of consistency, not real tests against theory.  And,
frankly, I don't even know what rounding rules were in place when I made
the tests.  I think in every case, the changes are down below realistic
limits in terms of data.

I did not have to change every test.  My impression is that this partly
has to do with, well, the *scale*.  In some cases, I just multiplied to
make the computed value and the reference value both be of order 1, and
then tests worked out to the digits I had used before.

None of this is interesting enough for me to worry about it.  I trust
the testthat authors are doing things reasonably, switching between the
two schemes appropriately ... because that's another new wrinkle.

However, I really like how testthat is now more stringent.  For example,
it won't convert POSIXct and POSIXlt things to be in the same subclass,
and that revealed an inconsistency, in which `met` subclass data were
using POSIXlt, in contrast to (I think) pretty much every other
subclass.

I think the new testthat found a few other consistencies, but I didn't
bother making detailed notes. Basically, I think it's good, and I hope
the CRAN machines won't (whenever we re-submit oce) be using different
versions that are inconsistent.  I guess we'll see.

NOTE: this "new" testthat is only 2 weeks old, but it *is* on CRAN, and
it must be one of the most-used packages on CRAN, so I don't think it's
a risk to rely on the new version, as oce now does.

---
## [mflatt/racket](https://github.com/mflatt/racket)@[ec63ba18bf...](https://github.com/mflatt/racket/commit/ec63ba18bfcb180a485dbcc6ccb56fa41e17ee77)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 21:02:53 by Matthew Flatt

remove syntax arming, but protect macro-expansion operations

Summary:

Syntax arming and disarming was part of a design to allow sandboxing
untrusted code without unduly constraining the sandboxed code. This
commit replaces them with a simpler approach. The trade-off is that
some advanced macro-implementation tools, such as `syntax-local-value`
and `local-expand`, cannot be referenced directly within a sandbox
(i.e., in a context where the code inspector is different than the
original ones).

Long version:

Unsafe operations --- or operations that would otherwise break
invariants within a trusted library --- can be protected by not
exporting them or by using `protect-out` on an export, and such
protected bindings cannot be referenced dierctly in sandboxed
programs. But it's common for macros to expand to (suitably guarded)
uses of unsafe or unexported bindings. Sandboxed programs need to be
able to use those macros, even though expansions refer to bindings
that cannot be referenced directly by the sandboxed program.

To make that combination work, quoted syntax objects that appear in a
macro retain a right to access the same bindings that would be allowed
in the enclosing module. This system of protected bindings and
quoted-syntax access is working, as far as we can tell, EXCEPT for
some cases when untrusted code uses `expand`, `local-expand,` and
variants. Some trusted macros and tools need to force expansions and
rearrange the result, as in the `class` macro or the errortrace
library, which is why such facilties exist. The danger is that
portions of the expansion can be extracted, with permissions intact on
the extracted part, and then abused by untrusted programs.

Syntax "arming" was an attempt to close that hole by distinguishing
trusted and untrusted uses of expanded code, revoking permissions on
an identifier by tainting it when extracted from an expansion by an
untrusted party. The tricky part has been drawing the line between
trusted and untrusted uses through a mixture of inferred and explicit
boundaries. Explicit boundaries usually involve `syntax-protect`. Long
story short, experience has shown that it's difficult to remember to
use `syntax-protect` consistently enough, and we have not been able to
enlarge the role of inference enough to close the hole.

This commit tries a simpler approach, which is to discard the complex
arming system and instead just protect operations like `local-expand`
that force macro expansions. Protecting `syntax-local` makes a sandbox
less flexible: it prevents running an untrusted module in a sandbox
when the module implements its own macros with `local-expand`,
`syntax-local-value`, and some related expansion-time operations. Most
macros do not need those facilities, however, so most modules would
still work in a sandbox. Meanwhile, sandboxed modules can still use
macros that use those faciltiies and that are implemented in trusted
modules.

A slightly different approach is used for the `expand` family of
functions, which are not used by macros, but are instead for debugging
and exploration. Each of those functions now takes an additional
inspector argument that defaults to `(current-inspector)`; if that
inspector is not the original one, then the result of expansion is
preemptively tainted, so identifiers in the expansion cannot be used.
(Syntax objects that are included in syntax-error exceptions are also
still tainted that way, as before.) So, `expand` can still be used in
a sandbox to explore expansions without necessarily accessing bindings
that are referenced in the expansion.

This change does not entirely remove the burden for implementing
modules that are intended to be trusted. Instead of requiring a
careful use of `syntax-protect` on macro expansions, the problem is
narrowed to using `local-expand` and related functions correctly, as
well as protecting any exports that would expose the capabilities of
`local-expand`. Non-protected exports that expose `local-expand` are
rare, in contrast to macros that lack `syntax-protect`. Another
benefit is that tools and macros that manipulate expansions no longer
need to use `syntax-disarm` and `syntax-rearm`, which was painful and
error-prone.

The functions `syntax-protect`, `syntax-arm`, `syntax-disarm`, and
`syntax-rearm` are still available, but they now just return the given
syntax object unmodified. The 'taint-mode and 'certify-mode
syntax-object properties are no longer specifically recognized by the
expander.

---
## [Keyboard-Slayer/experimental](https://github.com/Keyboard-Slayer/experimental)@[685127d77b...](https://github.com/Keyboard-Slayer/experimental/commit/685127d77b157f1e9714cf08e8d4155d5071da0d)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 21:36:25 by Keyboard Slayer

fix: GCC my love, forgive me for my sin, now Clang is no more

---
## [Exploratory-Studios/Fear-Of-The-Dark](https://github.com/Exploratory-Studios/Fear-Of-The-Dark)@[9abf4d3595...](https://github.com/Exploratory-Studios/Fear-Of-The-Dark/commit/9abf4d359563184bea32f0858dbc6db25e4519e6)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 22:09:31 by Davis Garrad

Well. Fluids render perfectly now. But my fucking god do I hate graphics.

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[f27393f65d...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/f27393f65d9c158380d752907dfb43899288ce55)
#### Wednesday 2021-06-30 23:09:13 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 6/30/2021 11:00:00 PM

 1. Added: The First Hacker
    (https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2021/06/the-first-hacker/)
 2. Added: DevOps; a decade of confusion and frustration • Jan Harasym
    (https://blog.dijit.sh/devops-confusion-and-frustration)
 3. Added: Bugs Faster than the Speed of Thought
    (https://mempko.wordpress.com/2021/06/30/bugs-faster-than-the-speed-of-thought/)
 4. Added: Asymmetric Bets - Rui Zhi Dong
    (https://ruizhidong.com/asymmetric-bets/)
 5. Added: Why I created scrt.link - a tool to share sensitive information online
    (https://blog.stophe.com/why-i-created-scrtlink?guid=none)
 6. Added: 10 Malicious Requests Against My Web Application
    (https://matthewkindzerske.com/2021/06/28/10-malicious-requests-against-my-web-application/)
 7. Added: A Journey into Mathematical Logic: Diophantus of Alexandria
    (https://hegz.me/posts/diophantus/)
 8. Added: Bash aliases to make your life easier - Andrew Henke | Complete Technical Solutions
    (https://andrewhenke.com/bash-aliases-to-make-your-life-easier/)
 9. Added: Why I wrote my own SQL query builder
    (https://death.andgravity.com/own-query-builder)
10. Added: Functional, Declarative Audio Applications
    (https://www.nickwritesablog.com/functional-declarative-audio-applications/)
11. Added: Will AI Replace Developers? GitHub Copilot Revives Existential Threat Angst -- Visual Studio Magazine
    (https://visualstudiomagazine.com/articles/2021/06/30/github-copilot-comments.aspx)
12. Added: What I wish I knew before building a Flutter App
    (https://ma.ttias.ch/what-i-wish-i-knew-before-building-a-flutter-app.html)
13. Added: Building my own web analytics tool
    (https://johnmathews.eu/building-my-own-site-analytics.html)
14. Added: Data notation in Clojure
    (https://ostash.dev/posts/2021-06-24-edn-data-notation/)
15. Added: Branches: No assembly required
    (https://niedzejkob.p4.team/bootstrap/asmless/)
16. Added: How to Resolve ImageLoaderSourceHandler: Could Not Retrieve Image or Image Data Was Invalid Uri - Cool Coders
    (https://doumer.me/how-to-resolve-imageloadersourcehandler-could-not-retrieve-image/)

Generation took: 00:09:01.6219941
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---

# [<](2021-06-29.md) 2021-06-30 [>](2021-07-01.md)

