# [<](2021-04-18.md) 2021-04-19 [>](2021-04-20.md)

3,676,043 events, 1,504,189 push events, 2,339,571 commit messages, 170,334,705 characters


## [jopeek/fspackages@d2c1c7c345...](https://github.com/jopeek/fspackages/commit/d2c1c7c345a558745fbbef4c41bf13c05b2f4af3)
##### 2021-04-19 01:53:28 by slip664

CJ4-tunepg-updates (#968)

* TUN button Dispatch mode

-Toggles Dispatch Radio page when TUN is pressed if avionics are in 'composite' mode.

* Changes to TUN Page

-Cosmetic cleanups
-Adds ATC Control Page
-Adds DISPATCH Page

* formatting stupidity

* formatting again...

please for the love of god, format correctly from the github editor.

* More fixes

I'm bad at this. Import formatting from VS to try to make life easier

* github doesn't like tabs

* commit number 4 million

* last formatting

* remove experimental code

* Dispatch Switch Implement

Thanks Matt!
-dispatch switch implemented
-minor updates to press. alt.

---
## [L2jOrg/Datapack@4ebab6bdff...](https://github.com/L2jOrg/Datapack/commit/4ebab6bdff90768b8a5437771ae46b046d058e44)
##### 2021-04-19 08:17:25 by Yura

Update 01300-01399.xml

Servitor Cure, Servitor Blessing, Wild Magic, Advanced Block, Pa'agrio's Honor, Ritual of Life, Chant of Predator, Chant of Eagle, Chant of Vampire, Body of Avatar, Summon Nightshade, Wind Vortex, Dark Vortex, Warrior Servitor, Wizard Servitor, Assassin Servitor, Prophecy of Fire, Prophecy of Wind, Block Shield, Block Wind Walk, Chant of Spirit, Chant of Victory, Seal of Despair, Seal of Disease, Greater Might, Greater Shield, War Chant, Chant of Earth, Holy Attack Resistance, Dark Attack Resistance, Magical Backfire, Clarity, Mana Burn

---
## [berghoiv/berghoiv@fb26d60a24...](https://github.com/berghoiv/berghoiv/commit/fb26d60a2442d83b05786ea8894a52144a1f279d)
##### 2021-04-19 10:52:14 by berghoiv

Update README.md

1. Loopfront AS offers Norway's largest circular platform for building materials and fixtures. We aim to reduce global material waste and stop the extraction of new natural resources.
As much as 40% of all waste, CO2 emissions, and use of energy and water resources in Norway and Europe comes from the construction industry. Construction waste is one of the biggest pollution sources in Europe, and we help addressing it! The industry itself experiences many challenges associated with the reuse of building materials, including technical, legal, and financial.
Loopfront is an interaction platform that removes these barriers and makes reuse easy. The platform takes care of reuse from A to Z, and helps organizations map, interact, document, and report all available materials for recycling, reuse, and sale. 
If you have the overview, you have control - and this is exactly what we offer our customers! 
As a key member of our Development Team, you will be contributing significantly helping our customers save the environment, as well as saving cost doing so! Would you like to?
Our new colleague should have extensive experience working with the React JavaScript Library (Angular can be an option) and have a desire to contribute to strengthen the circular economy in Norway and Europe.  
| Employment: 100% | Place of work: By agreement | Salary: Fixed | Start: asap |

Main work tasks:
•	Further develop and maintain our Design System (in-house developed)
•	Testing 
•	Perform development tasks as required.
•	Potentially lead our React Team.

Educational requirements:
•	Master (M.Sc.) in Informatics, programming, or related subjects.
•	Alternatively, a Bachelor (B.Sc.) with extensive and relevant experience

Qualifications:
•	Extensive experience working with React – Alternatively Angular
•	Experience with GraphQL
•	Proficient in English Language (Working language is English – Norwegian is considered a plus, but is not a requirement)

It is also beneficial if you know and potentially have experience with any of the following:
•	Figma
•	Tailwind CS
•	Typescript
•	Testing with tools like Cypress and Jest
•	.NET Core / .NET 5
•	Amazon Web Services
•	Docker and container-based architecture

Personal characteristics:
•	You enjoy solving problems and consider them exiting challenges
•	You are innovative, «hands-on» and are driven by progress
•	You enjoy working in cross-functional teams
•	You see potential and opportunities, where others see problems
•	You can communicate fluently in English, both orally and in writing 

Loopfront AS offers:	
•	A unique opportunity to be part of a development-oriented organization with an important social mission 
•	Interesting and varied work tasks in an international environment
•	Good On-Boarding program to get familiar with work tasks and technology
•	Offices in Trondheim, possibly Oslo, and the opportunity to work remotely 
•	Social arrangements (considering the pandemic situation) 
•	Competitive salary and pension scheme

Can you relate to description above? Are you passionate about creating something new, innovative, and sustainable? Please Get in touch or simply apply here
		
Sky rekruttering AS assists Loopfront in this recruitment process, thus please contact our Digital Recruiter Executive - 
Øivind Bergh, per e-mail: oivind@skyrekruttering.no, for any further information, and he will get back to you.
_
2. Et stort skandinavisk IT konsulentselskap som jobber med design, utvikling, forvaltning og gir råd om IT-løsninger og digital kommunikasjon er på jakt etter dyktige konsulenter.
Du blir en del av et team som vil bistå kundene våre i skyløsninger ved bruk av DevOps. Du vil bidra med å bygge en moderne IT-organisasjon med fokus på agile prosesser, gjenbrukbare distribusjonspakker, i samsvar med tjenestestyring og selskapets retningslinjer. Du vil jobbe i et fagområde hvor det er stort fokus på deling av kompetanse og en god arena for å utvikle seg hos en solid arbeidsgiver med flat organisasjonsstruktur.
[Stilling: konsulent/senior konsulent] [Stillingsprosent: 100%] [Lønn: Konkurransedyktig]
[Arbeidssted: Stavanger]

Arbeidsoppgaver: 
•	Skape effektive samhandlingsløsninger i skyen
•	Utvikle enkle og brukervennlige rådgivningstjenester, styring og strategi som gir merverdi for kunden
•	Bidra til avdelingens faglige utvikling og miljø

Krav til stillingen:
•	Du har utdannelse i informasjonsteknologi og erfaring fra Azure DevOps konsepter og prosesser
•	God kompetanse inne i DNS, VPN, DHCP og ruting
•	Solid forståelse av Deployment, GIT, CI/CD DevOps
•	Høy kompetanse i flere av tjenestene slik som Azure functions, Azure runbooks, Azure apps services, Azure VMs, Azure ARM template 
•	Erfaring med containere og orkestrering av containere (Kubernetes (AKS) / Docker e.l.) 
•	Du er komfortabel med konsepter som IaC
•	Erfaring med å jobbe med en eller flere webservere slik som IIS, Nginx og Apache
•	God kjennskap til Linux, driftserfaringer av linuxmiljøer er en fordel
•	Erfaring med å jobbe med en eller flere databaser slik som MSSQL, PostgresQL, Oracle, Influxdb, MongoDB 
•	Høy kompetanse med skriptspråk slik som Python, Powershell, JSON, .NET, Bash 
•	Du har tidligere erfaring eller sertifisering innen Sikkerhet
•	Du har god kompetanse med å jobbe med Virtualiseringsløsninger 
•	Du er komfortabel med Windows server
•	Må kunne skrive og snakke flyttende norsk og godt engelsk

Vi tilbyr: 
•	Et av de beste fagmiljøene i Norge 
•	Kompetansebygging og sosiale aktiviteter sammen med hyggelige og engasjerte kollegaer
•	Kort vei til beslutninger og mulighet til å påvirke hverdagen i en flat organisasjonsstruktur
•	En solid arbeidsgiver med en sterk markedsposisjon
•	Mulighet for eierskap i egen bedrift gjennom aksjeprogram 
•	Konkurransedyktige betingelser med attraktiv overskuddsdeling

Sky rekruttering AS assisterer kunden i denne rekrutteringsprosessen. 
Alle henvendelser samt søknader bes rettes til Øivind Bergh via e-post: oivind@skyrekruttering.no   
 _
3. Stort skandinavisk konsulentselskap som med sine mer enn 1500 dyktige medarbeidere, som designer, 
utvikler, forvalter og gir råd om IT-løsninger og digital kommunikasjon til store offentlige og private kunder. 
|Stillingsprosent: 100% | Arbeidssted: Stavanger |Lønn: Konkurransedyktig + mulighet for aksjer/eierskap| 

Arbeidsoppgaver:  
• Kode og sette opp enkle, effektive og brukervennlige løsninger på Microsoft 365, SharePoint
og/eller Power Platform som gir merverdi for kunden
• Delta i rådgivende rolle opp mot resten av teamet og kunden
• Bidra til avdelingens faglige utvikling og miljø

Ønskede kvalifikasjoner: 
• IT-relatert universitets- eller høyskoleutdannelse med programmeringsfag
• Erfaring med front-end, powershell eller .Net utvikling de siste årene
• Kjennskap til Microsoft 365 eller SharePoint, det være seg som utvikler, arkitekt eller lignende
• God forretningsforståelse i tillegg til de tekniske kvalifikasjonene
• Kunne skrive og snakke flytende norsk og godt engelsk

Personlige egenskaper:
• Du har evne til å ikle deg konsulentrollen
• Du er løsningsorientert og trives med teamarbeid
• Du holder deg oppdatert på alt det nye som skjer med blant annet Power Platform, Microsoft 365, 
SharePoint og Azure og formidler din kunnskap med dine kolleger
• Du er opptatt av metode/best-practice og ønsker å kjøre prosjekter etter disse prinsippene
• Du har evne til å ta ansvar og takle mange arbeidsoppgaver av og til under tidspress

Vi tilbyr:  
• Et av de beste fagmiljøene i Norge hos solid arbeidsgiver med en sterk markedsposisjon
• Kompetansebygging og sosiale aktiviteter sammen med hyggelige og engasjerte kollegaer
• Kort vei til beslutninger og mulighet til å påvirke hverdagen i en flat organisasjonsstruktur
• Mulighet for eierskap i egen bedrift gjennom aksjeprogram
• Konkurransedyktige betingelser med attraktiv overskuddsdeling

Sky rekruttering assisterer Bouvet i denne rekrutteringsprosessen. Alle henvendelser samt søknader bes rettes til
Øivind Bergh via email: oivind@skyrekruttering.no

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@3dd70a6c79...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3dd70a6c791b7f56f13e658ca5f4fc13dd4b4168)
##### 2021-04-19 13:30:26 by Marko Grdinić

"10:15am. I am up. I was restful yesterday so I did not feel like going to bed early, but that ended up straining me. Right now I feel like I haven't gotten enough sleep.

10:20am. I keep iterating what I have to do in my head. Compared to yesterday, I've changed my mind a little.

I realized that the straightforward CFR is not the algorithm I want, instead I should first accumulate counterfactual rewards and then update the policy all at the end. I need to implement this algorithm and compare it to the original. Because this algorithm is closer in nature to the sampling one than the original.

10:30am. Huh, but if this is the right way of doing it, in the NN version, once the value nets absorb the values, how should the policy net samples be weighted?

11:20am. Ugh...I did not think about this problem at all.

It is easy enough in the tabular case to implement whatever algorithm I want. But in the NN version, I will be learning the values. After I learn them, how do I weight the policy net samples?

Suddenly Pure CFR seems a lot more attractive. Maybe I should have gone a step further with that old experiment, instead taken the max of all the values.

11:20am. If I could just learn the value nets and average them to get the policy that will make things a lot easier.

Let me take a look at that Phd I discovered by accident yesterday.

https://github.com/rggibson/open-pure-cfr
Regret Minimization In Games And The Development Of Champion Multiplayer Computer Poker-Playing Agents

Oh great. VS Code has the `Transform to Snake Case` command. Nice find!

11:30am. No, actually, I get how to get the policy values. Sure I might be learning the counterfactual values (divided by the player prob) but once I factor that out, they'll be regular values. Then I should scale the samples as usual.

1:05pm. I am brainstorming like crazy. Let me get breakfast.

2:20pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me finally read the thesis. My stress is sky high.

You know what, forget NNs. Forget them for a month or two.

I just realized - to get the baselines, I am not going to be able to train the NNs for the counterfactual values, but the real ones instead.

But just think what sort of problems this gives me.

To get the full equivalence, I'd need to train a NN for the average policy. Then a NN for the policy. Then a NN for the counterfactual values. Then a NN for the actual values.

Just thinking about it hurts me!

I mean, in the damn DREAM paper, they specifically don't train a NN for the avg policy, but average the past ones to lower the approximation error.

But now after this, I have 4 different NNs. Even if I ommit the average policy net, that is still 3.

3 nets who don't have any shared representation. Yes, I should share the representations, but how?

I hate NNs with a passion. I loathe them from the bottom of my heart!

The degree of my understanding is the degree of my connection with these algoriths. I made some progress with the buffer tricks, but that won't be enough.

Of course it is not enough.

Consider those predictive baselines. Since I have the full hidden state, I can just set them to the value directly. What is the analogue of that in the NN space.

In tabular regime, I can easily add and average values together. NNs require a whole compilation pass for the simplest of things. I just can't stand it. I am bashing my head against this wall, and am not getting much in return.

2:30pm. As far as algorithms go, CFR is wonderful. With some effort, I'll be able to make a breakthrough. But NNs...I should leave them out of my plans for now.

I need to focus on thoroughly mastering the tabular case. I'll find the inspiration that I need after that.

3pm. Today I am completely out of it. I am just wasting time.

80/159. This is so tough. Do I really need to be able to replicate these proofs to cause the Singularity? Just what do I have to do to understand this. It is like learning Chinese. Maybe I could do it if I put in the effort, but I know that I simply do not have the time or the energy to properly dedicate myself.

3:05pm. Forget it. Let me do some programming.

Yesterday it was light, but right now I am as stressed as I could be.

I am not in the mood for it at all. But let me just open the editor and copy the project. I'll do it all from scratch. Let me just measure the variance.

I made all sorts of plans, for example with a buffed up CFR algorithm, but now I am just digusted with that because I realized how much complexity this would add on the NN side.

My goals should be as follow:

Verify that the VR MCCFR from the paper works. My implementation has my own tricks, and because of that, clearly things are going wrong.

3:10pm. Based on my understanding, just the thing in the paper should work as well as regular CFR.

Maybe the way I am updating the average policy is wrong? This is one area where I am diverging from how it is done in the paper.

In the paper it is updated outright on line 3. That `(t-1) / t * s + 1 / t s'` is not a form I recognized before, but that thing with the ts is actually how a moving average is conputed inplace. During the night I remembered seeing it in the RL course by Litman and...that black dude.

3:20pm. I can't reason out anything. If I could do this in a braindead fashion like a code monkey, maybe I'd have been more successful.

3:30pm. Forget it. Let me take a nap. I am too angry, pissed and tired to do anything right now. My mindset is completely wrong."

---
## [charlesbluca/cudf@8a666a04e0...](https://github.com/charlesbluca/cudf/commit/8a666a04e0123744eb259d88ac4c04b0b6de4303)
##### 2021-04-19 14:02:20 by Vyas Ramasubramani

Refactor Python and Cython internals for groupby aggregation (#7818)

This PR makes some improvements to the groupby/aggregation code that I identified while working on #7731. The main purpose is to make the code logic easier to follow and reduce some unnecessary complexity; I see minor but measurable performance improvements (2-5% for small datasets) as well, but those are mostly just side effects here. Specifically, it makes the following changes:

1. Inlines the logic for dropping unsupported aggregations. The old function was repetitive and necessitated looping over the aggregations twice, whereas the new approach drops unwanted aggregations on the fly so it only loops once. The new code also makes it so that you only construct a C aggregation object once.
2. Merges the logic from `_AggregationFactory` into `Aggregation`, and removes the constructor for `Aggregation`. The one downside here is that the Cython `Aggregation` object's constructor no longer places it in a valid state; however, in practice the object is always constructed via either the `make_aggregation` function or its various factories, and the object's constructor was only every used in `_drop_unsupported_aggs` anyway. The benefit is we remove the fragmentation between these two classes, making the code much more readable, and the `Aggregation` class actually serves a purpose now beyond just providing a single property `kind` that is only used once: it is now the primary way that other Cython files interact with aggregations. This also means that in most places other Cython modules don't need to work with `unique_ptr[aggregation]` as much anymore (although they do still have to move `Aggregation.c_obj` for performance reasons). `make_aggregation` now returns the Cython class instead of the underlying C++ one.
3. Modified all the "allowed aggregations" sets to use the uppercase names of the aggregations. In addition to simplifying the code a tiny bit, this helps reduce confusion between the aggregation names used in Python for pandas compatibility and the libcudf names (for instance, `idxmin` vs `argmin`, now `ARGMIN`).
4. Explicitly defines all the aggregations on a groupby. I discussed this briefly with @shwina, the change has pros and cons. The benefit is that all of these methods are properly documented now, there's less magic (the binding of methods to a class after its definition can be confusing for less experienced Python developers and has a lot of potential gotchas), and we can use the simpler string-based agg definition wherever possible. The downside is that we now have to define all of these methods. I think the change is definitely an improvement, but I'm happy to change it back if anyone can suggest a better alternative. In the long run we probably need to find a way to share both code and docstrings more effectively between all aggregations (DataFrame, Series, and GroupBy).

Authors:
  - Vyas Ramasubramani (https://github.com/vyasr)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

Approvers:
  - Karthikeyan (https://github.com/karthikeyann)
  - Ashwin Srinath (https://github.com/shwina)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

URL: https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/pull/7818

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@78eaf7f137...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/78eaf7f137ff3d53135d9f1f4d8913e85d820a59)
##### 2021-04-19 16:51:44 by Marko Grdinić

"6pm. It is so painful. The pain of not understanding a piece of code is the biggest pain there is. Sigh. I know what I should be doing today, and yet I am overcome by my own limitations.

I want to reason as much as I can. I take pride in going more and more.

Logic is my greatest tool and revel in using it.

But I've reached my limit. I can't do it. I can't understand these ML algorithms by thinking about them. It hurts.

This is the same thing that killed me in high school.

6:05pm. To believe in logic is a curse.

As a kid I tried to reason out the universe and came to the conclussion that it would make more sense if nothing ever existed. Based on the whole that something cannot come out of nothing.

As an adult, in 2019 I made a rigorous study of formal proofs, and what did I discover? Logically, something cannot come out of nothing.

Whenever you have infinities, then the logic breaks down and anything goes.

Logical systems are big on termination checking.

So becoming better at reasoning, only served to deepen the chasm between myself and the universe itself.

6:10pm. I cannot come to an understanding between the view that universe cannot and yet does exist. I cannot mesh the two views. I cannot even imagine what sort of insight would be needed to cross this great chasm of understanding.

My demonic path tells me to assume that the logic is right.

I think this is where my life went wrong. This was my first real loss. When you internalize that you are a living inconsistency, a part of you starts to feel that it is alright to believe in anything.

I wish I lived in an universe whose existence made sense.

A part of me believes in solipsism, even though I don't know what it even is. Deep down I think that only God itself should be conscious being. A part of me believes that this would be justice.

But I have to live with the logical incoherency of me being conscious myself and having to deal with distressing reports of other people reporting being conscious as well.

6:15pm. A part of me due to solipsism as much as trend following believes that the Singularity should happen.

But it is April 2021, and only now am I starting work on sampling CFR. I can barely understand it. Do I really believe I can reach AGI with such a paltry level of understanding and intelligence? Yet, it must happen. Somehow. Just how?

6:20pm. Will years into the future the Singularity not have happened? Will I live out my whole life neither understanding myself nor the universe's existence?

Is the purpose of life the pursuit of happiness rather than power? Would it have been correct to live like an animal and trust my senses more?

6:20pm. For power, rob and cheat and steal...but can you actually steal undertanding the only thing of actual value? Can you cheat intelligence itself? Can you rob the skill of others?

Omnipotence is the greatest purpose, and yet the self improvement loop turns out to be iterative suicide. Necromutation is transcendence.

The demonic dao beckons.

Just how is my mind broken, that I do not understand all the most important things? That I have to live with these regrets? That I cannot summon inspiration as its master, yet live at its whims.

I can't imagine, even if I had a million times higher intelligence than now, how would I make progres on the universe existing problem.

6:30pm. This is my demonic path.

It makes me believe in logic, but confronts me with all the contradictions arising from that. It puts me in a universe that should not exist.

It makes me believe in the puruit of power, but then in a twist reveals that self improvement requires suicide to work. Just to get to it, I'd need to make a human level AI and make its power my own first. It does not tell me how.

It convinces me that both myself and others and animals and teaches me not to trust my senses, yet always in my moments of weakness like now when my reason reaches its end, I can only rely on that and be an animal.

6:35pm. Is this universe really not hell?

This pain I feel right now is surely the pain of not accepting my own limits. My intelligence is not enough, but my path does not allow me such compromises and excuses. My goal is too deeply ingrained to let something like this stop me.

I know deep down that I cannot have power without logic. Stories and superstition are not a substitute for code.

So what if in the future nothing comes to pass in the way that has been forecast. So what if I turn out to be some madman just pushing symbols around.

I cannot deal with the contradictions so the path itself should be responsible for them.

6:45pm. Using is fusing, I really should do some programming, but I am not in the mood right now. It is just too late to start anything. Tomorrow, I am going to forget what I've done so far and focus on getting those sample tests done. That will tell me whether VR MCCFR's variance reduction is working properly.

If not, that will be a huge gain as I will be able to make the agents work. If it does by some chance, things will be quite harder. I'll have to gradually move closer to what the paper says I should be doing."

---
## [ezamriy/official-images@94a9070056...](https://github.com/ezamriy/official-images/commit/94a90700567fbb73dd4d52b4174feb234df53891)
##### 2021-04-19 18:47:18 by Guillaume Quintard

[varnish] overload the binaries with scripts

This is a follow-up of #9914. The now current approach works well EXCEPT
when people exec into the container with `bash` or whatever since the
entrypoint can't work it magic.

So, the blunt approach is to create a series of trampoline scripts that
will just add `-n /var/lib/varnish` before all arguments. It's not super
elegant, and I'm not a fan of overloading `PATH` but:
- it works transparently
- you can easily bypass the trampoline by using the binary's absolute
  path

I decided against generating the scripts from the `Dockerfile`s to avoid
escape hell, but I can be convinced otherwise if it makes reviews
easier.

---
## [Perkedel/HexagonEngine@5899dd6f80...](https://github.com/Perkedel/HexagonEngine/commit/5899dd6f80577e5273943c7caca5684e750e7994)
##### 2021-04-19 19:34:32 by JOELwindows7

umabas

Remove other version of VR interfacer: Oculus & Oculus mobile & OpenXR (due to missing Linux so library render, require manual rerendering so file), leaving only OpenVR now.

https://www.keshikan.net/fonts-e.html finally made clock out of it this font yay
@keshikan https://github.com/keshikan/DSEG

fixed rendering manually for Windows, Linux, macOS. the Android to be rendered with older version of Java due to some library incompatible with JDK 13 . https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63503350/general-error-during-semantic-analysis-unsupported-class-file-major-version-57
https://github.com/exercism/support/issues/73
ah, it's the Gradle the Godot has is incompatible with JDK 13. let's go back to
Adopt OpenJDK 7 for now.

add directly change Dynamic Font Data for Super Label and DSEG label.

forgot to complain that keshikan uploaded his precure MIDI he collected to Nico Nico material but is JASRAC protected hence require us to subscribe to Premium Nico Nico, and yes it's paid. sigh, wtf, Nico Nico?! Keshikan pls upload those MIDIs to GIthub and freemidi.org too! oh, pls also Odysee as well! https://Odysee.com/$/invite/@JOELwindows7
hey btw, nice CureSynth! cool and good! my nicovideo profile is https://www.nicovideo.jp/user/52507327 and YouTube is https://www.youtube.com/c/JoelRobertJustiawanPerkedelTech . well, I am not Japanese though. I am Indonesian. yeay.

updated once again the Godot MIDI player. damn man. I wish Godot supports MIDI out here. what do we have here is only Input MIDI. so.. we can only brute force this out with some measures according to that pllugin, thx arlez from BitBucket for the plugin. So it's not performance efficient, especially as shown when you play this on Windows. wow! so laggy! yeah serioysly, @Godot we need MIDI out. I hate to brute force just to get MIDI playing. oh wait, yes! uh not to be confused with Falcosoft's Soundfont MIDI player, that one uses a BASSMIDI library. and I wish someone volunteer to build us BASSMIDI interface to GDNative in Godot. because, we may not have hardware to MIDI out to, and Genos is expensive, $5000. please sign https://www.change.org/YamahaGenosSoundfont ... so the alternative solution is like what http://falcosoft.hu/softwares.html#midiplayer does, using a separate library of BASSMIDI yay. it also supports VSTi. yeah I know, it's insane. BASSMIDI is blobo, I think. and uh, maybe this cannot be official canon, so, be a separate addon. pls.
I need efficient no lag MIDI player! brute forcing (purely GDscript) is laggy on many systems. idk...

oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

addonaiazon. maybe we should stop adding more addon. leave addition of addon as a discrete usage by the DVD instead? idk... I mean, it should only minimal which later to be added by the installation of external ModPCK for specifically the DVD that uses it. right?
uh, whatever idk

pls

---
## [Maxouille64/showdown@4ddb6b6b7e...](https://github.com/Maxouille64/showdown/commit/4ddb6b6b7e93608de4b6c7faf5a9a210a2a3a924)
##### 2021-04-19 19:38:13 by pmariglia

DLC Changes

new pokemon

new moves (JSON only)

unseenfist

reformat moves.json

expandingforce damage boost in terrain; also a bunch of stupid refactoring necessary to set this up because I'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to properly design an engine

steelroller

scaleshot

test meteorbeam

mistyexplosion

grassyglide

risingvoltage

terrainpulse

poltergeist

flipturn

tripleaxel

dualwingbeat lol i hate my life

scorchingsands

junglehealing

wickedblow and surgingstrikes

fixing basestat keys

gen8randombattle sets updated

lowercase types

use randombattle sets on opponent's active if there are none from stats page

---
## [JeevanandSurya/MBTI@3fae01cdc3...](https://github.com/JeevanandSurya/MBTI/commit/3fae01cdc3939edd43937488d2109e89ea6c8d7a)
##### 2021-04-19 22:02:43 by JeevanandSurya

Update UI.py

import tkinter as tk
import TwitterScrapping as ts
import joblib
from PIL import Image, ImageTk

root = tk.Tk()
#bg = "SteelBlue4"
color = "DarkSlateGray4"
bg = "gray1"
font = "Arial"
root.geometry("1024x768")
root.title("Personality Prediction")
root.configure(bg = bg)
model = joblib.load("mbti-model-nb.sav")
vect = joblib.load(open("vectorizer.pickle","rb"))
types = {
"ISTJ" : ["The Inspector", "The ISTJ can be considered an intimidating personality type to approach, especially without a prior relationship. ISTJs appear serious, formal, and proper. This personality type places great importance on tradition and old-school values. Patience, hard work, honor and social and cultural responsibility are all cherished by the ISTJ. They are reserved, calm, quiet, and upright. These traits result from the combination of Introversion, Sensing, Thinking, and Judging. The result is a personality type that is often misunderstood."],
"ISTP" : ["The Crafter", "ISTPs are mysterious and oft-misunderstood people. This personality type is typically defined by rationality and logic but is also capable of spontaneity and enthusiasm. The personality traits of the ISTP are tougher to recognize than those of other types. Even people who know the ISTP well cannot always anticipate their reactions. Deep down, ISTPs are spontaneous, unpredictable individuals, but they sometimes hide those traits from the outside world, favoring an approach of logic and culpability."],
"ISFJ" : ["The Protector", "ISFJs are philanthropists. This personality type is always ready to give back, and any generosity received will be returned threefold. The people and things an ISFJ believes in will be upheld, and supported with enthusiasm and unselfishness. This makes this among the most warm and kind-hearted personality types. Harmony and cooperation are important to the ISFJ, and this type is likely to be sensitive to the feelings of others. The ISFJ is valued for their consideration and awareness, and often bring out the best in others."],
"ISFP" : ["The Artist", "ISFPs are introverts but may not always seem this way. Even if an ISFP has difficulties connecting to other people initially, they eventually grow warm, approachable, and friendly. ISFPs are fun to be around and very spontaneous. This makes them the perfect friend to tag along with an activity, planned or unplanned. ISFPs look to live life to the fullest and embrace the present. This ensures they are always keen to encounter a new experience or make a discovery. ISFPs find wisdom in understanding, so they find more value in meeting new people than other introverted personality types."],
"INFJ" : ["The Advocate","INFJs are visionaries and idealists. This personality type oozes creative imagination and brilliant ideas from every pore. They have a different, frequently profound, way of looking at the world that is not always understood. INFJs favor substance and depth in the way they think. This personality type will never accept anything at surface level or refuse to countenance a better way to approach problems. Others may perceive the INFJ as odd or amusing due to this variable outlook on life."],
"INFP" : ["The Mediator","INFPs, like most introverts, are quiet and reserved. This personality type prefers not to talk about themselves, especially upon first meeting a new person. They prefer spending time alone in quiet places. This provides the opportunity for the INFP to make sense of the world around them. INFPs love analyzing signs and symbols, often considering them to be metaphors that have deeper meanings related to life. This personality type can become lost in their imagination and daydreams. This occasionally leads to the INFP drowning in the depth of their thoughts, fantasies, and ideas."],
"INTJ" : ["The Architect","INTJs are true introverts. This personality type tends to be quiet, reserved and comfortable in their own company. INTJs are usually self-sufficient and prefer to work alone than in a group. Socializing significantly drains the energy of this personality type, causing them to need to recharge. Do not weight down an INTJ with small talk! They are more interested in big ideas and theories. When observing the world, INTJs regularly question why things happen the way they do. Uncertainty is the enemy of the INTJ. They excel at developing plans and strategies for every eventuality."],
"INTP" : ["The Thinker","INTPs are highly regarded for brilliant theories and unrelenting logic. This makes sense, as this personality type is arguably the most logical of all. INTPs love patterns, have a keen eye for picking up on discrepancies, and possess the ability to read people. This makes it inadvisable to lie to an INTP. People of this personality type lack interest in practical, day-to-day activities and maintenance. When an INTP finds an environment that provides the opportunity to stretch their creative muscles, there is no limit to the time and energy expended. A sensible and unbiased solution becomes likely."],
"ESTP" : ["The Persuader","ESTPs have an Extroverted, Sensing, Thinking, and Perceptive personality. ESTPs live for social interaction, drawing power from feelings and emotions. This does not mean that ESTPs are flippant. They enjoy logical processes and reasoning, provided this does not stand in the way of freedom in thought and deed. Theory and abstracts will not retain the attention or interest of an ESTP for long. This personality type prefers to leap before they look, fixing mistakes as they go. This is preferable to sitting idle or preparing contingency plans."],
"ESTJ" : ["The Director","ESTJs place a great deal of emphasis on traditional values. These include organization, honesty, dedication and dignity. This personality type believe firmly in doing what they believe is right and socially acceptable. Though the paths towards “good” and “right” are difficult to define, an ESTJ will act as the leader of the pack and extol personal views. They are the epitome of good citizenry. People often look to ESTJs for guidance and counsel, and this personality type will always be happy to provide such assistance."],
"ESFP" : ["The Performer","ESFPs have an Extroverted, Observant, Feeling and Perceiving personality, and are commonly seen as Entertainers. Born to provide amusement and distraction to others and to hog the limelight, ESFPs love to hold court in a group. ESFPs are thoughtful explorers who enjoy learning – and sharing what they learn with others. ESFPs live for company, and typically have strong interpersonal skills. They are lively and fun, and will never decline the opportunity to be the center of attention. Despite this court jester-like demeanor however, ESFPs are warm, generous, and friendly. They are also typically sympathetic and concerned for the well-being of others."],
"ESFJ" : ["The Caregiver","ESFJs are the stereotypical extroverts. This personality type is effortlessly social, born of a need to interact with others. This desire to make others happy usually results in popularity for the ESFJ. The ESFJ often tends to be the cheerleader or sports hero in high school and college. Later in life, they continue to revel in the spotlight. ESFJs are primarily focused on organizing social events for their families, friends and communities. ESFJ is a common personality type and one that is liked by many people."],
"ENFP" : ["The Champion","ENFPs have an Extroverted, Intuitive, Feeling and Perceiving personality. This personality type is highly individualistic. Champions are not followers, and care little for the status quo. Instead, they strive toward creating their own methods, looks, actions, habits, and ideas. ENFPs do not welcome cookie cutter people into their circle and loathe being forced to live inside a box. They do enjoy company though – assuming it is the “right” company – enjoying strong intuition when it comes to themselves and others. ENFPs operate from their feelings most of the time. This is no bad thing, as they are highly perceptive and thoughtful."],
"ENFJ" : ["The Giver","ENFJs are eternal people-pleasers. They are extroverted, idealistic, charismatic, outspoken, highly principled and ethical. This set of traits ensures that an ENFJ can usually connect with others of varying backgrounds and personalities. ENFJs rely more on intuition and feelings, living more in their imagination than the real world. This can be troublesome, for the individual themselves and those around them. Rather than living in the, “now” and what is currently happening, ENFJs tend to concentrate on the abstract and what could possibly unfold in the future."],
"ENTP" : ["The Debater","The ENTP personality is among the rarest in the world, which is understandable. Although they are extroverts, ENTPs reject small talk – and may not thrive in social situations. This is especially true is the ENTP is surrounded by vastly different personality types. ENTPs are intelligent and knowledgeable, and as a result they need to be constantly mentally stimulated. This personality types relishes the opportunity to discuss theories and facts in extensive detail, needing little encouragement to set the world to rights. ENTPs are logical, rational and objective in their approach to information and arguments. They expect the same from a debating partner."],
"ENTJ" : ["The Commander","An ENTJ’s primary concern is focus is managing external circumstances with logic and discipline. Once this has been achieved, intuition and reasoning take effect. ENTJs are the most natural leaders among the 16 personality types. This personality type will always relish the opportunity to take charge. ENTJs live in a world of possibilities, often viewing challenges and obstacles great opportunities to push themselves. They have a natural gift for leadership and never shirk from making decisions. Options and ideas will be quickly yet carefully reviewed. ENTJs are “take charge” people who do not like to sit still and allow life to happen around them."]
}

def getResult(userName):
    user_tweets = ts.scrape(userName)
    user_vect = vect.transform([user_tweets])
    user_type = model.predict(user_vect)
    personality_type = types[user_type[0]]
    result = tk.Label(root,text = user_type[0], font = font, fg = color, bg = bg)
    result.place(x = 250,y = 400)
    result_type = tk.Label(root, text = personality_type[0], font = font, fg = color, bg = bg)
    result_type.place(x = 300,y = 400)
    result_discription = tk.Label(root, text = personality_type[1], wraplength=400, font = font, fg = color, bg = bg, justify = "left")
    result_discription.place(x = 250,y = 450)


logo = ImageTk.PhotoImage(Image.open("logo.png"))
logo_label = tk.Label(image = logo)
logo_label.image = logo
logo_label.place(x = 0, y = 0) 
user_name = tk.Label(root,text = "Twitter User Handle : ", font = font, fg = color, bg = bg)
user_entry = tk.Entry(root,width = 20,justify = tk.CENTER)
user_name.place(x = 100, y = 300) 
user_entry.place(x = 300, y = 300)

find_button = tk.Button(root, text = "Find Personality", font = font, bg = color, command = lambda:getResult(user_entry.get()))
find_button.place(x = 250 , y = 350)

root.mainloop()

---
## [msune/libcdada@5814b56228...](https://github.com/msune/libcdada/commit/5814b56228079994a09d889756fd0876dfcb68df)
##### 2021-04-19 22:39:54 by Marc Sune

Bye bye Travis, hello Github actions

This commit moves the CI to github actions, and removes all
Travis related code.

===

This is a sad commit. Travis has been a great supporter of the
opensource community, since the very beginning. Even if their
syntax wasn't the greatest, and with all the problems related
to having to migrate from original VMs to dockers - too early, and
too late - the service was good.

The move to travis-ci.com has been _a complete disaster_. The
cronology for libcdada goes more or less like this:

* Early september 2020 pipelines start to fail, randomly. Contacted
  support, they claim resources are starting to move to travis-ci.com
  and that I should do the same thing, given that travis-ci.org will
  disappear end of 2020. That was _the first_ notice about this - no
  emails, no warnings in the UI...
* So given that, I move libcdada to travis-ci.com, and oh surprise...
  there is a limit of credits **also for OSS**. However, the blog post
  of the travis company announcing the moving to travis-ci.com still
  claims OSS will be for free "and always for free". Even subsequent
  posts in the same blog claim the same.
* Innumerable people annoyed in the travis community about this (forums,
  emails etc...)
* I run for 20 days, and ofc, the one time (wtf) budget of 10000 minutes
  is gone... no refillings
* But the worst is yet to come; contacted again the support... radio
  silence for 2 months. After that, they get back to me and they say
  "we are awaiting for instructions wrt to OSS".
* But the damage is done... We can't go back to travis-ci.org...
  Once migrated, ciao ciao. So I am stuck without being able to run pipelines
  neither in travis-ci.com nor going back to travis-ci.org.
* Funny enough, repos that hadn't yetn migrated - even though "expiration
  was 31 dec 2021",  continue to operate with no budget limit,
  albeit with problems, in travis-ci.org.

Honestly, I would have understood if Travis would have gone all paid.
They-re a company. We would all have thanked them for the
**great job they did** for a long time to the opensource community, and
we would have gone elsewhere[1]. But the communication...
ah the communication.

So Travis is dead... Long Live Travis!

[1] as I seriously doubt no one would prefer Travis to much newer and
simpler CIs (e.g. gitlab, github actions...), except, perhaps, those
projects with super complex pipelines that would require a major
invesment.

---

# [<](2021-04-18.md) 2021-04-19 [>](2021-04-20.md)

