# [<](2021-09-04.md) 2021-09-05 [>](2021-09-06.md)

2,068,244 events, 1,211,178 push events, 1,654,058 commit messages, 94,518,839 characters


## [Laowy/VRENKO](https://github.com/Laowy/VRENKO)@[60595430dd...](https://github.com/Laowy/VRENKO/commit/60595430dd83a74e08c2bc2d1cbc959953654998)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 00:52:36 by Laowy

added import and export of files

i fucking hate how picky json is, the nae nae ass bitch

---
## [jmcritelli/jmc-repository](https://github.com/jmcritelli/jmc-repository)@[246af135c5...](https://github.com/jmcritelli/jmc-repository/commit/246af135c57526d7c4694d0557f37e2a885af6db)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 05:32:53 by jmcritelli

Add files via upload

# Kickstarting with Excel

## Overview of Project

### Purpose

The goal of this project was to create an analysis to determine what factors (if any) can help make the play successful. We are doing this by sorting and organizing data from various art forms so Louise can kickstart her crowd funding campaign to determine 


## Analysis and Challenges

### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Launch Date

My analysis for outcomes based on launch data would be that there are peak seasons for entertainment success. By season, I mean that success runs for longer than a month. First being summer months (when school is typically out for summer) and then back again for October and November during the fall. Also, February seems to be a peak month as well for successful. 


### Analysis of Outcomes Based on Goals

My analysis for outcomes based on goals would be that as the goal got bigger, the success rate went down which in turn means the percentage failed and the percentage canceled went up. I also looked at the totals of pledged funds and arrived at the conclusion that as the goal amount went higher the pledges we not as high. So that would mean with less money, the production was lacking in multiple areas such as set design, wardrobe, etc. 

### Challenges and Difficulties Encountered

My biggest challenge with this would have to be learning excel. To be honest, I’ve only known how to make things look pretty within excel and formulas scared me. I powered through and that leads me to believe the difficulty was me. Several times I had to stop and reel myself back because I was overwhelmed and/or thinking too much into it. Once I got out of my own head and I understood something on my own without any tips from google, I was on a roll.

## Results

- What are two conclusions you can draw about the Outcomes based on Launch Date?

Two conclusions that I arrived to are that theater seems like a risky venture as only 60% of the total productions have been successful and if you want to break out as a play write, the best time to do launch anything would be mid-summer as that is when the most success happens. 

- What can you conclude about the Outcomes based on Goals?

I would conclude that just because the goal is higher, does not mean you will be as successful as one would hope to be with more money. 

- What are some limitations of this dataset?

I do not feel there was any limitations on this dataset as I was able to break things down specifically to get tiny detailed needed/wanted. 

- What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create?

I would say any graph would the word cluster in it. Examples would be Cluster Column or Cluster Bar specifically because they include each outcome for all the individual months while being separated by year. For me, that would have been helpful for comparing outcomes because I like having all the information, I’m comparing up at one once.

---
## [AditiSrivastav/Kiccs-d-hack](https://github.com/AditiSrivastav/Kiccs-d-hack)@[9f3b956837...](https://github.com/AditiSrivastav/Kiccs-d-hack/commit/9f3b956837f97edf7f1ddd198649416ed2e8b8fd)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 06:31:32 by AditiSrivastav

Create Dissecting a problem_11

Usually, problems require some critical thinking about how to tackle it or how to implement the idea. For example, you might need to tackle the problem from behind, or use some efficient data structures.

Problem statements also usually contain stories or background information. You need to be able to extract the question and the required algorithm from the problem statement.

The next few challenges in this section are taken from past programming contests. So, you may need to spend some time to think about how to solve them, instead of jumping into coding. They will give you an idea of what real problem statements look like, how to formulate the correct ideas, and implement them using code. Remember, if you need help, you can always send me a private message here through Hackerrank or through Facebook.

In this problem, you should help a fictional character called Gabriel.

Gabriel is a programmer, but more than that, he loves food. During dismissal, he usually goes out of school to the nearby Ersao, which is a restaurant that serves some Chinese food.

He noticed that the store sells N items of food. The prices of the items on the menu are listed, as C1,C2,C3,...,CN. This means that Ci represents the price of the i(th) item.

He thinks that the more expensive the food is, the higher class it is. Since he wants to be classy, he will buy the most expensive food item. If there are multiple most expensive food items, he will only buy one of them.

Please tell him, how much money does he need to buy the most expensive food item?

Input Format

image

Constraints

N<1000000

Output Format

Output a single integer, the amount of money Gabriel should bring, so that he can buy the most expensive item on the menu.

Sample Input 0

5
10 20 200 30 15
Sample Output 0

200

---
## [AditiSrivastav/Kiccs-d-hack](https://github.com/AditiSrivastav/Kiccs-d-hack)@[4c87195d25...](https://github.com/AditiSrivastav/Kiccs-d-hack/commit/4c87195d25127fb17a81595242d3268a55f4f31b)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 06:49:10 by AditiSrivastav

Create Artemis fowl_25

Artemis is a skilled magician. He is very fond of playing with numbers and text. He is also a good reader. One day his taught him how to remeber new words.Artemis was given a book from which he was asked to count all randomly-generated string of characters ranging from a to z. But his father Artemis senior asked him to determine the number of subsequences that can be formed equal to this sequence 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'. Now Artemis is having difficulty in doing the task. However his allowed to take help from one friend. You being Artemis's friends has to write a code to automate the task. Help Artemis win this task. Note: A subsequence is unique when at least a single character has its index that is different from all the other subsequences. Print the answer modulo 10^9+7(1000000007) for each test case in a new line.

Input Format

The first line will contain t denoting the number of test cases. The first line of each test case contains n denoting the size of the string. The second line of each test case contains string s of size n.

Constraints

1<=t<=10 1<=n<=100000 1<=|s|<=100000

Output Format

For each test case, print a single integer in a new line that denotes the count of number of unique subsequences that are possible as per the question.

Sample Input 0

3
27
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzz
3
abz
28
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyyzz
Sample Output 0

2
0
4

---
## [Irawans-Android-Lab/android_device_xiaomi_msm8956-common](https://github.com/Irawans-Android-Lab/android_device_xiaomi_msm8956-common)@[165fa8f306...](https://github.com/Irawans-Android-Lab/android_device_xiaomi_msm8956-common/commit/165fa8f3068210e26f000cde8c5e0de5a6709f95)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 07:10:19 by magicxavi

msm8956: BoardConfig: Mount cust partition

* As we are mounting it in fstab

* Amol Amrit : A huge thanks to @magicxavi for his hardwork. Kudos to @[aranhid] for all his hard work to boot android ten. I was not able to boot ten personally. Many people helped me including my closest of friends. This includes the whole 8952/56/74 and also 8916 family. The issue I was having was that logs were incomplete. I tried to fix this for a month but I was not able to figure it out. I asked @magixavi to figure out a way to get logs. He looked at what @Adarsh-MR actually did. Treble rom had issues with booanimations. Bootanimations were preventing it to boot. So to get comlete logs, @magixavi had to kill the surfaceflinger service via adb. He did "pgrep surfaceflinger | xargs kill -SIGKILL". The bootanimation was reset and he got complete logs. He took an hour to finally analyse what we all were doing wrong on kenzo to boot ten.

E init    : [libfs_mgr]Failed to mount an un-encryptable or wiped partition on /dev/block/bootdevice/by-name/cust at /cust options: barrier=1: No such file or directory
E init    : fs_mgr_mount_all returned an error: No such file or directory

This was the error, we were missing the cust partition as we are mounting it via fstab already.

I personally want to thank the 8952/56/74 and 8916 developers. My @[aospextended] team and Mi Max dev @[tarkzim]. Thanks to @[magixavi] for his research. Thanks to Akash Mondal for helping me everytime and for his contribution to the 8952 platform. Special thanks to Tasin (Telegram) for testing all my unbootable builds. Thanks to the kenzo community for the fire we have. Thanks to @[aranhid] for trying it so hard to boot ten on kenzo. He actually is trying to boot ten since September. Also thanks to @[Sagarrokade006] (Telegram), @[BoogeyWoogey69] (Telegram) and @[adolfthereaper] (Telegram) for trying their bits for kenzo. Thank you everyone.

Co-authored-by: aranhid <vladmir909@mail.ru>
Signed-off-by: AmolAmrit <amol.amrit03@outlook.com>
Signed-off-by: dodyirawan85 <40514988+dodyirawan85@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Irawans-Android-Lab/android_device_xiaomi_msm8956-common](https://github.com/Irawans-Android-Lab/android_device_xiaomi_msm8956-common)@[a38449bed6...](https://github.com/Irawans-Android-Lab/android_device_xiaomi_msm8956-common/commit/a38449bed6e94c04bf39bf58d8793da6e0110aae)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 07:11:31 by magicxavi

msm8956: BoardConfig: Mount cust partition

* As we are mounting it in fstab

* Amol Amrit : A huge thanks to @[magicxavi] for his hardwork. Kudos to @[aranhid] for all his hard work to boot android ten. I was not able to boot ten personally. Many people helped me including my closest of friends. This includes the whole 8952/56/74 and also 8916 family. The issue I was having was that logs were incomplete. I tried to fix this for a month but I was not able to figure it out. I asked @magixavi to figure out a way to get logs. He looked at what @[Adarsh-MR] actually did. Treble rom had issues with booanimations. Bootanimations were preventing it to boot. So to get comlete logs, @[magixavi] had to kill the surfaceflinger service via adb. He did "pgrep surfaceflinger | xargs kill -SIGKILL". The bootanimation was reset and he got complete logs. He took an hour to finally analyse what we all were doing wrong on kenzo to boot ten.

E init    : [libfs_mgr]Failed to mount an un-encryptable or wiped partition on /dev/block/bootdevice/by-name/cust at /cust options: barrier=1: No such file or directory
E init    : fs_mgr_mount_all returned an error: No such file or directory

This was the error, we were missing the cust partition as we are mounting it via fstab already.

I personally want to thank the 8952/56/74 and 8916 developers. My @[aospextended] team and Mi Max dev @[tarkzim]. Thanks to @[magixavi] for his research. Thanks to Akash Mondal for helping me everytime and for his contribution to the 8952 platform. Special thanks to Tasin (Telegram) for testing all my unbootable builds. Thanks to the kenzo community for the fire we have. Thanks to @[aranhid] for trying it so hard to boot ten on kenzo. He actually is trying to boot ten since September. Also thanks to @[Sagarrokade006] (Telegram), @[BoogeyWoogey69] (Telegram) and @[adolfthereaper] (Telegram) for trying their bits for kenzo. Thank you everyone.

Co-authored-by: aranhid <vladmir909@mail.ru>
Signed-off-by: AmolAmrit <amol.amrit03@outlook.com>
Signed-off-by: dodyirawan85 <40514988+dodyirawan85@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [beckyrunkle/readthedocs.org](https://github.com/beckyrunkle/readthedocs.org)@[b1f45cc937...](https://github.com/beckyrunkle/readthedocs.org/commit/b1f45cc937aed00e3cacab988dd43a7f4a155cb3)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 08:01:11 by beckyrunkle

Create WATCH Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 2021 Online Full Movie HD Free Download

<p>&nbsp;13 sec ago 4KHD+]~SOUND.Cloud++!~JWPLayer*GoogleDrive/4K.Downloads-! How to watchShang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Full Movie Download In Telegram Link-720p,1080p? HQ Reddit Video [DVD-ENGLISH] Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie Watch Full Movie Download In Telegram Link-720p,1080p?Dailymotion [# Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings ] Google Drive/[DvdRip-USA/Eng-Subs] Putlockers-[HD]-Watch! Online Full For Free, Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings!</p><p><br /></p><p><a href="https://hd.playmovies.stream/en/movie/566525/shang-chi-and-the-legend-of-the-ten-rings"><b>Click Watch Now Stream Online ➲</b></a></p><p><br /></p><p><br /></p><p><b><a href="https://hd.playmovies.stream/en/movie/566525/shang-chi-and-the-legend-of-the-ten-rings">Click Watch Now Stream Online ➲</a></b></p><p><br /></p><p>123Movies or 123movieshub was a system of file streaming sites working from Vietnam, which enabled clients to watch films for free. The 123Movies network is still active via clone sites. 123Movies is a good alternate for Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Online Movie Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021)rs, It provides best and latest online movies, TV series, episodes, and anime etc. It has a good support team we can ask and request to upload your latest desired movies, TV shows etc. Here we can give a rating Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) watching the movie. The online streaming is excellent to watch movies free online. 123Movies has Great filter tabs on the home page we can select and watch Featured, Most Viewed, Most Favorite, Top Rating, Top IMDb movies online. Here we can download and watch 123movies movies offline. 123Movies websites is best alternate to watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) free online. we will recommend 123Movies is the best Solarmovie alternatives. 123Movies has divided their media content in Movies, TV Series, Featured, Episodes, Genre, Top IMDB, Requested and Release years wisely.</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie Watch online FULL Movie Sign Up 123 Movies Online !! [DvdRip-HINDI]] Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) ! (2021) Full Movie Watch online free 123 Movies Online!! Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021)Watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Online HD Movie Streaming Free Unlimited Download, Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Series 2021 Online Movie for Free DVD Rip Full HD With English Subtitles Ready For Download.</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Online Full Movie Streaming Free 123Movies</p><p><br /></p><p>Where can you watch? Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Movie (2021) Online Free Trial Access. Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) [BlUrAy] | Watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Online 2021 Full Movie Free HD.720Px|Watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Online 2021 Full MovieS Free HD !! Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) with English Subtitles ready for download, Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) 720p, 1080p, BrRip, DvdRip, Youtube, Reddit, Multilanguage and High Quality.</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Online Free Streaming, Watch Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Online Full Streaming In HD Quality, Lets go to watch the latest movies of your favorite movies, Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021). come on join Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021)!!</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie Watch online FULL Movie Sign Up 123 Movies Online !! [DvdRip-HINDI]]Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings ! (2021) Full Movie Watch online free 123 Movies Online!! Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021)Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Online HD Movie Streaming Free Unlimited Download, Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Full Series 2021 Online Movie for Free DVD Rip Full HD With English Subtitles Ready For Download.</p><p><br /></p><p>What happened in this movie?</p><p><br /></p><p>I have a summary for you. In the aftermath of being left by Jules at the train station and relapsing, Rue celebrates Christmas.</p><p><br /></p><p>All About The movies</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings takes place four years Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Train to BShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsan as the characters fight to escape the land that is in ruins due to an unprecedented disaster.</p><p><br /></p><p>Public Group</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Full Movie</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 2021Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Online Free</p><p><br /></p><p>2 minutes ago</p><p><br /></p><p>HD WATCH ONLINE Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings FULL MOVIE 123MOVIES FREE STREAMING FILM COMPLETE Strengthens CrShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsaders and mountan Moorish commanders rebelled against the British crown.</p><p><br /></p><p>How long have you fallen asleep during Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Movie? The mShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsic, the story, and the message are phenomenal in Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. I have never been able to see another Movie five times like I did this. Come back and look for the second time and pay attention.</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings WEB-DL movies This is losing less lame files from streaming Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, like Netflix, Amazon Video.</p><p><br /></p><p>Hulu, Crunchy roll, DiscoveryGO, BBC iPlayer, etc. These are also movies or TV shows that are downloaded through online distribution sites, such as iTunes.</p><p><br /></p><p>The quality is quite good becaShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringse it is not re-encoded. Video streams (H.264 or H.265) and audio (AC3 / Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings) are Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsually extracted from iTunes or Amazon Video and then reinstalled into the MKV container without sacrificing quality. Download Euphoria Movie Season 1 Movie 6 One of the streaming movies.</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Miles Morales conjures his life between being a middle school student and becoming Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings.</p><p><br /></p><p>However, when Wilson “Kingpin” FiskShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringses as a super collider, another Captive State from another dimension, Peter Parker, accidentally ended up in the Miles dimension.</p><p><br /></p><p>When Peter trained the Miles to get better, Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, they soon joined four otherAShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings from across the “Spider-Verse”. BecaShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringse all these conflicting dimensions begin to destroy Brooklyn, Miles mShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringst help others stop Fisk and return everyone to their own dimensions.</p><p><br /></p><p>the indShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringstry’s biggest impact is on the DVD indShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringstry, which effectively met its destruction by mass popularizing online content. The emergence of streaming media has caShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsed the fall of many DVD rental companies such as BlockbShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringster. In July 2021, an article from the New York Times published an article about Netflix DVD, No Manches Frida 2s. It was stated that Netflix was continuing their DVD No. No Frida 2s with 5.3 million cShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringstomers, which was a significant decrease from the previoShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings year. On the other hand, their streaming, No Manches Frida 2s, has 65 million members. In a March 2021 study that assessed “The Impact of movies of Streaming on Traditional DVD Movie Rentals” it was found that respondents did not buy DVD movies nearly as much, if ever, becaShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringse streaming had taken over the market.</p><p><br /></p><p>So we get more space adventures, more original story material and more about what will make this 21st MCU movie different from the previoShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 20 MCU films.</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, viewers don’t consider the quality of movies to differ significantly between DVDs and online streaming. Problems that according to respondents need to be improved by streaming movies including fast forShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsding or rewinding functions, and search functions. This article highlights that streaming quality movies as an indShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringstry will only increase in time, becaShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringse advertising revenues continue to soar on an annual basis across indShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringstries, providing incentives for the production of quality content.</p><p><br /></p><p>He is someone we don’t see happening. Still, Brie Larson’s resume is impressive. The actress has been playing on TV and film sets since she was 11 years old. One of those confShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsed with Swedish player Alicia Vikander (Tomb Raider) won an Oscar in 2016. She was the first Marvel movie star with a female leader. . And soon, he will play a CIA agent in a movies commissioned by Apple for his future platform. The movies he produced together.</p><p><br /></p><p>Unknown to the general public in 2016, this “neighbor girl” won an Academy AShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsd for best actress for her poignant appearance in the “Room”, the true story of a woman who was exiled with her child by predators. He had overtaken Cate Blanchett and Jennifer Lawrence, both of them hadAShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings out of statues, but also Charlotte Rampling and Saoirse Ronan.</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Movie Online Blu-rayor Bluray rips directly from Blu-ray discs to 1080p or 720p Torrent Full Movie (depending on source), and Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringses the x264 codec. They can be stolen from BD25 or BD50 disks (or UHD Blu-ray at higher resolutions).</p><p><br /></p><p>BDRips comes from Blu-ray discs and are encoded to lower resolution sources (ie 1080p to720p / 576p / 480p). BRRip is a video that has been encoded at HD resolution (Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsually 1080p) which is then transcribed to SD resolution. Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings The BD / BRRip Movie in DVDRip resolution looks better, however, becaShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringse the encoding is from a higher quality source.</p><p><br /></p><p>BRRips only from HD resolution to SD resolution while BDRips can switch from 2160p to 1080p, etc., as long as they drop in the source disc resolution. Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Movie Full BDRip is not transcode and can move down for encryption, but BRRip can only go down to SD resolution becaShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringse they are transcribed.</p><p><br /></p><p>At the age of 26, on the night of this Oscar, where he appeared in a steamy blue gauze dress, the reddish-haired actress gained access to Hollywood’s hottest actress club.</p><p><br /></p><p>BD / BRRips in DVDRip resolution can vary between XviD orx264codecs (generally measuring 700MB and 1.5GB and the size of DVD5 or DVD9: 4.5GB or 8.4GB) which is larger, the size fluctuates depending on the length and quality of release, but increasingly the higher the size, the more likely they are to Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringse the x264 codec.</p><p><br /></p><p>#123movies #putlocker #yesmovies #123d #freemoviesonline #Streamlk #marvelmoviesinorder #m4ufree #movies123 #123moviesgo #123movies123 #xmovies8 #0123movies #watchmoviesonlinefree #goodmoviesonnetflix #watchmoviesonline #sockshare #moviestowatch #putlocker9 #goodmoviestowatch #watchfreemovies #123movieshub #dragonballsuperbrolyfullmovie #avengersmoviesinorder #bestmoviesonamazonprime #netflixtvshows #hulushows #scarymoviesonnetflix #freemoviewebsites #topnetflixmovies #freemoviestreaming #123freemovies #123movies #verystream #streammango #gomovies #vmovies #kissmovies #putlocker #openload #flixtor #vicloud #vidoza #popcorn #ymovies #movieninja #cmovies #azmovies​</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Cast</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Trailer</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Review</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings full movie</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings full movie Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings full online</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings full streaming</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings online</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings streaming</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings watch full online</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings full streaming online</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings watch online</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings watch streaming</p><p><br /></p><p>WEB-DLRip Download Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Movie HD</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie Watch Online</p><p><br /></p><p>Download Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full English Full Movie</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch free Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Full Movie,</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full English Full Movie Online</p><p><br /></p><p>Free Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Film Online</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full English Film</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie Stream Free</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie sub France</p><p><br /></p><p>Online Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie subtitle</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie spoiler</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie to Download</p><p><br /></p><p>Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie to Watch Full Movie Vidzi</p><p><br /></p><p>Stream Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) Full Movie Vimeo</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Free Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Full Movie dailymotion</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021) full Movie dailymotion</p><p><br /></p><p>Free Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 2021 Full Movie vimeo</p><p><br /></p><p>Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 2021 Full Movie iTunes</p><p><br /></p><p>Professional Watch Back Remover Tool, Metal Adjustable Rectangle Watch Back Case Cover Press Closer &amp; Opener Opening Removal Screw Wrench Repair Kit Tool For Watchmaker 4.2 out of 5 stars 224 $5.99 $ 5 . 99 LYRICS video for the FULL STUDIO VERSION of Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings from Adam Lambert's new album, Trespassing (Deluxe Edition), dropping May 15! You can order Trespassing Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsthe Harbor Official Site. Watch Full Movie, Get Behind the Scenes, Meet the Cast, and much more. Stream Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsthe Harbor FREE with Your TV Subscription! Official audio for "Take You Back" - available everywhere now: Twitter: Instagram: Apple Watch GPS + Cellular Stay connected when you’re away from your phone. Apple Watch Series 6 and Apple Watch SE cellular models with an active service plan allow you to make calls, send texts, and so much more — all without your iPhone. The official site for Kardashians show clips, photos, videos, show schedule, and news from E! Online Watch Full Movie of your favorite HGTV shows. Included FREE with your TV subscription. Start watching now! Stream Can't Take It Back uncut, ad-free on all your favorite devices. Don’t get left behind – Enjoy unlimited, ad-free access to Shudder's full library of films and series for 7 days. Collections Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsdefinition: If you take something back , you return it to the place where you bought it or where you| Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples SiteWatch can help you manage ALL ASPECTS of your car wash, whether you run a full-service, express or flex, regardless of whether you have single- or multi-site business. Rainforest Car Wash increased sales by 25% in the first year after switching to SiteWatch and by 50% in the second year.</p><p><br /></p><p>As leaders of technology solutions for the future, Cartrack Fleet Management presents far more benefits than simple GPS tracking. Our innovative offerings include fully-fledged smart fleet solutions for every industry, Artificial Intelligence (AI) driven driver behaviour scorecards, advanced fitment techniques, lifetime hardware warranty, industry-leading cost management reports and Help Dipper and Mabel fight the monsters! Professional Adjustable Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Rectangle Watch Back Case Cover Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings 2021 Opener Remover Wrench Repair Kit, Watch Back Case Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings movie Press Closer Removal Repair Watchmaker Tool. Kocome Stunning Rectangle Watch Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Online Back Case Cover Opener Remover Wrench Repair Kit Tool Y. Echo Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2nd Generation) - Smart speaker with Alexa and Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Dolby processing - Heather Gray Fabric. Polk Audio Atrium 4 Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings Outdoor Speakers with Powerful Bass (Pair, White), All-Weather Durability, Broad Sound Coverage, Speed-Lock. Dual Electronics LU43PW 3-Way High Performance Outdoor Indoor Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings movie Speakers with Powerful Bass | Effortless Mounting Swivel Brackets. Polk Audio Atrium 6 Outdoor Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings movie online All-Weather Speakers with Bass Reflex Enclosure (Pair, White) | Broad Sound Coverage | Speed-Lock Mounting.</p><p><br /></p><p>♢♢♢ STREAMING ON MEDIA ♢♢♢</p><p><br /></p><p>Streaming media is multimedia that is constantly received by and presented to an end-user while being delivered by a provider. The verb to stream refers to the process of delivering or obtaining media in this manner.[clarification needed] Streaming refers to the delivery method of the medium, rather than the medium itself. Distinguishing delivery method from the media distributed applies specifically to telecommunications networks, as most of the delivery systems are either inherently streaming (e.g. radio, television, streaming apps) or inherently non-streaming (e.g. books, video cassettes, audio CDs). There are challenges with streaming content on the Internet. For example, users whose Internet connection lacks sufficient bandwidth may experience stops, lags, or slow buffering of the content. And users lacking compatible hardware or software systems may be unable to stream certain content. Live streaming is the delivery of Internet content in real-time much as live television broadcasts content over the airwaves via a television signal. Live internet streaming requires a form of source media (e.g. a video camera, an audio interface, screen capture software), an encoder to digitize the content, a media publisher, and a content delivery network to distribute and deliver the content. Live streaming does not need to be recorded at the origination point, although it frequently is. Streaming is an alternative to file downloading, a process in which the end-user obtains the entire file for the content before watching or listening to it. Through streaming, an end-user can use their media player to start playing digital video or digital audio content before the entire file has been transmitted. The term “streaming media” can apply to media other than video and audio, such as live closed captioning, ticker tape, and real-time text, which are all considered “streaming text”.</p><p><br /></p><p>♢♢♢ COPYRIGHT ♢♢♢</p><p><br /></p><p>Copyright is a type of intellectual property that gives its owner the exclusive right to make copies of a creative work, usually for a limited time. The creative work may be in a literary, artistic, educational, or musical form. Copyright is intended to protect the original expression of an idea in the form of a creative work, but not the idea itself. A copyright is subject to limitations based on public interest considerations, such as the fair use doctrine in the United States. Some jurisdictions require “fixing” copyrighted works in a tangible form. It is often shared among multiple authors, each of whom hShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringss a set of rights to use or license the work, and who are commonly referred to as rights hShang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Ringsers. [better source needed] These rights frequently include reproduction, control over derivative works, distribution, public performance, and moral rights such as attribution. Copyrights can be granted by public law and are in that case considered “territorial rights”. This means that copyrights granted by the law of a certain state, do not extend beyond the territory of that specific jurisdiction. Copyrights of this type vary by country; many countries, and sometimes a large group of countries, have made agreements with other countries on procedures applicable when works “cross” national borders or national rights are inconsistent. Typically, the public law duration of a copyright expires 50 to 100 years after the creator dies, depending on the jurisdiction. Some countries require certain copyright formalities to establishing copyright, others recognize copyright in any completed work, without a formal registration.</p><p><br /></p><p>♢♢♢ MOVIES / FILM ♢♢♢</p><p><br /></p><p>Movies, or films, are a type of visual communication which uses moving pictures and sound to tell stories or teach people something. Most people watch (view) movies as a type of entertainment or a way to have fun. For some people, fun movies can mean movies that make them laugh, while for others it can mean movies that make them cry, or feel afraid. It is widely believed that copyrights are a must to foster cultural diversity and creativity. However, Parc argues that contrary to prevailing beliefs, imitation and copying do not restrict cultural creativity or diversity but in fact support them further. This argument has been supported by many examples such as Millet and Van Gogh, Picasso, Manet, and Monet, etc. Most movies are made so that they can be shown on screen in Cinemas and at home.</p>

---
## [Exiled-Team/EXILED](https://github.com/Exiled-Team/EXILED)@[46e3870b48...](https://github.com/Exiled-Team/EXILED/commit/46e3870b48c1c0f2590c134b7b33da83a92b3fb1)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 09:27:59 by DGvagabond

Added WalkingOnSinkhole event (#694)

* Event Args for Sinkhole event

* SInkhole event information

* Added WalkingOnSinkhole event

* fuck you stylecop

* ev Documentation found, based!

* actually fuck off stylecop i hate you

Co-authored-by: joker-119 <amathor929@gmail.com>

---
## [warpfork/warpforge](https://github.com/warpfork/warpforge)@[7376fefead...](https://github.com/warpfork/warpforge/commit/7376fefead3f174f15a4d32ef890a79cd426d937)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 10:06:08 by Eric Myhre

larkery: late night notes.

Some research on what ergonomics "should" be for maps.
(I'm fumbling around here without a lot of prior knowledge about
ergonomics from either other starlark use or from python, so
some research is needed.)

Also some thoughts on the way starlark handles modules and scope,
which... I turn out to not be very fond of, at first blush.
Maybe my opinions on this will change with usage.

In general I'm kinda wishing starlark would be a bit more, well, lispy.
We're building a system with it that is ABOUT controlling side-effects.
It's very ironic to be using a side-effect heavy language to help.
And while I think having imperative languages be used in functional
ways can actually be a good and productive compromise... this...
Well, I'm getting the impression that when people work with starlark,
they get a lot of work done by hucking stuff in the global state,
and then either having side-effect functions or extracting stuff from
the global state again at the end, and it's just... there doesn't seem
to be a lot of convention about that.  It seems like you just have to
read the docs of whatever system you're using *very* carefully,
find out what names that system considers magical, etc.
And I think some of the design of starlark kind of leads people into
those not-entirely-fortunate directions.  The load feature, especially.
The load feature is a very strange piece of magic that somehow makes
the entire system feel more imperative and more... weird.
The nature of every global ending up exported from a module by default
also contributes hugely to the vibe.  It should, in my opinion, be
much weirder-feeling to extract a variable's state at the end.
One should have to be explicit about making that state available.
It's deeply confusing to read a starlark script used by some other
system and eventually have to intuit "AH!  the 'wizbang' variable is
actually magical and assigning to it causes the surrounding system
to Behave Differently, even though it looks no different than any
other variable".

There's some of the above which is inevitable.  But, thinking outloud:
I think I'd like to get the number of side-effecting functions in our
usage of skylark down to approximately ONE (or other very very small,
hopefully single-digit number);
I'd like globals to *never* have effects (except again, maybe, ONE,
e.g. a special term like 'exports');
I'd like to have the 'load' feature look a *lot* less weird;
etc.
And I think this may require some rather interesting hacks.  Even
before the hacks, some serious thought on compositionality conventions.

Anyway.  Notes saved.  Moving on.

---
## [OGAWAHirofumi/linux-tux3](https://github.com/OGAWAHirofumi/linux-tux3)@[32baa63d82...](https://github.com/OGAWAHirofumi/linux-tux3/commit/32baa63d82ee3f5ab3bd51bae6bf7d1c15aed8c7)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 10:46:46 by Dave Chinner

xfs: logging the on disk inode LSN can make it go backwards

When we log an inode, we format the "log inode" core and set an LSN
in that inode core. We do that via xfs_inode_item_format_core(),
which calls:

	xfs_inode_to_log_dinode(ip, dic, ip->i_itemp->ili_item.li_lsn);

to format the log inode. It writes the LSN from the inode item into
the log inode, and if recovery decides the inode item needs to be
replayed, it recovers the log inode LSN field and writes it into the
on disk inode LSN field.

Now this might seem like a reasonable thing to do, but it is wrong
on multiple levels. Firstly, if the item is not yet in the AIL,
item->li_lsn is zero. i.e. the first time the inode it is logged and
formatted, the LSN we write into the log inode will be zero. If we
only log it once, recovery will run and can write this zero LSN into
the inode.

This means that the next time the inode is logged and log recovery
runs, it will *always* replay changes to the inode regardless of
whether the inode is newer on disk than the version in the log and
that violates the entire purpose of recording the LSN in the inode
at writeback time (i.e. to stop it going backwards in time on disk
during recovery).

Secondly, if we commit the CIL to the journal so the inode item
moves to the AIL, and then relog the inode, the LSN that gets
stamped into the log inode will be the LSN of the inode's current
location in the AIL, not it's age on disk. And it's not the LSN that
will be associated with the current change. That means when log
recovery replays this inode item, the LSN that ends up on disk is
the LSN for the previous changes in the log, not the current
changes being replayed. IOWs, after recovery the LSN on disk is not
in sync with the LSN of the modifications that were replayed into
the inode. This, again, violates the recovery ordering semantics
that on-disk writeback LSNs provide.

Hence the inode LSN in the log dinode is -always- invalid.

Thirdly, recovery actually has the LSN of the log transaction it is
replaying right at hand - it uses it to determine if it should
replay the inode by comparing it to the on-disk inode's LSN. But it
doesn't use that LSN to stamp the LSN into the inode which will be
written back when the transaction is fully replayed. It uses the one
in the log dinode, which we know is always going to be incorrect.

Looking back at the change history, the inode logging was broken by
commit 93f958f9c41f ("xfs: cull unnecessary icdinode fields") way
back in 2016 by a stupid idiot who thought he knew how this code
worked. i.e. me. That commit replaced an in memory di_lsn field that
was updated only at inode writeback time from the inode item.li_lsn
value - and hence always contained the same LSN that appeared in the
on-disk inode - with a read of the inode item LSN at inode format
time. CLearly these are not the same thing.

Before 93f958f9c41f, the log recovery behaviour was irrelevant,
because the LSN in the log inode always matched the on-disk LSN at
the time the inode was logged, hence recovery of the transaction
would never make the on-disk LSN in the inode go backwards or get
out of sync.

A symptom of the problem is this, caught from a failure of
generic/482. Before log recovery, the inode has been allocated but
never used:

xfs_db> inode 393388
xfs_db> p
core.magic = 0x494e
core.mode = 0
....
v3.crc = 0x99126961 (correct)
v3.change_count = 0
v3.lsn = 0
v3.flags2 = 0
v3.cowextsize = 0
v3.crtime.sec = Thu Jan  1 10:00:00 1970
v3.crtime.nsec = 0

After log recovery:

xfs_db> p
core.magic = 0x494e
core.mode = 020444
....
v3.crc = 0x23e68f23 (correct)
v3.change_count = 2
v3.lsn = 0
v3.flags2 = 0
v3.cowextsize = 0
v3.crtime.sec = Thu Jul 22 17:03:03 2021
v3.crtime.nsec = 751000000
...

You can see that the LSN of the on-disk inode is 0, even though it
clearly has been written to disk. I point out this inode, because
the generic/482 failure occurred because several adjacent inodes in
this specific inode cluster were not replayed correctly and still
appeared to be zero on disk when all the other metadata (inobt,
finobt, directories, etc) indicated they should be allocated and
written back.

The fix for this is two-fold. The first is that we need to either
revert the LSN changes in 93f958f9c41f or stop logging the inode LSN
altogether. If we do the former, log recovery does not need to
change but we add 8 bytes of memory per inode to store what is
largely a write-only inode field. If we do the latter, log recovery
needs to stamp the on-disk inode in the same manner that inode
writeback does.

I prefer the latter, because we shouldn't really be trying to log
and replay changes to the on disk LSN as the on-disk value is the
canonical source of the on-disk version of the inode. It also
matches the way we recover buffer items - we create a buf_log_item
that carries the current recovery transaction LSN that gets stamped
into the buffer by the write verifier when it gets written back
when the transaction is fully recovered.

However, this might break log recovery on older kernels even more,
so I'm going to simply ignore the logged value in recovery and stamp
the on-disk inode with the LSN of the transaction being recovered
that will trigger writeback on transaction recovery completion. This
will ensure that the on-disk inode LSN always reflects the LSN of
the last change that was written to disk, regardless of whether it
comes from log recovery or runtime writeback.

Fixes: 93f958f9c41f ("xfs: cull unnecessary icdinode fields")
Signed-off-by: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Darrick J. Wong <djwong@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Darrick J. Wong <djwong@kernel.org>

---
## [lz13/github-pages-with-jekyll](https://github.com/lz13/github-pages-with-jekyll)@[c445a1f505...](https://github.com/lz13/github-pages-with-jekyll/commit/c445a1f5052b6cd0357091b58ce75b82cdf6ab4a)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 12:25:13 by lz13

Create 2021-09-05-life.md

The meaning of life, or the answer to the question: "What is the meaning of life?", pertains to the significance of living or existence in general. Many other related questions include: "Why are we here?", "What is life all about?", or "What is the purpose of existence?" There have been many proposed answers to these questions from many different cultural and ideological backgrounds. The search for life's meaning has produced much philosophical, scientific, theological, and metaphysical speculation throughout history. Different people and cultures believe different things for the answer to this question.

The meaning of life as we perceive it is derived from philosophical and religious contemplation of, and scientific inquiries about existence, social ties, consciousness, and happiness. Many other issues are also involved, such as symbolic meaning, ontology, value, purpose, ethics, good and evil, free will, the existence of one or multiple gods, conceptions of God, the soul, and the afterlife. Scientific contributions focus primarily on describing related empirical facts about the universe, exploring the context and parameters concerning the "how" of life. Science also studies and can provide recommendations for the pursuit of well-being and a related conception of morality. An alternative, humanistic approach poses the question, "What is the meaning of my life?"

---
## [ChrisFischer-MTA/COP4331_Project-1](https://github.com/ChrisFischer-MTA/COP4331_Project-1)@[6ddcf60f88...](https://github.com/ChrisFischer-MTA/COP4331_Project-1/commit/6ddcf60f888094c3d17e8f7ad24a9938ac4c57bf)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 15:53:08 by Paul Wood

feat(layout): I finally fucking got this shit to be layed out how I want it too HEEEELLLLLYEAH.

The columns now properly fill the whole page, but that can be modified to be closer like the UX design, but Im thinking of changing the design to be something close to how ProtonMail is laid out. Anyway, to modify the layout to be like the original design, change the height for body, html, and main in manager.css, and change the main class from "container-fluid" to "container" or "container-*".

---
## [19-shubho/forsk-coding-shool-challenges](https://github.com/19-shubho/forsk-coding-shool-challenges)@[579b27c1a5...](https://github.com/19-shubho/forsk-coding-shool-challenges/commit/579b27c1a553f1687329c2d68e0e1613c4f40de4)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 15:53:53 by Shubhodeep Roy

Add files via upload

Code Challenge

    Read the thanksgiving.csv file and 
    perform the following tasks :


# Encoding of the dataset is in Windows 1252 so it should be specified while loading it
thanksgiving_df = pd.read_csv("thanksgiving.csv", encoding="Windows 1252")



#replace the column names by number codes.
    # Fetching the columns name for further reference
    
    # Initializing a code number for each column name
    
    # Storing the column name with their codes for further reference
    
    # Initializing the dataframe with the codes of the column



# Fetch the data of the people who perform thanksgiving.


#check for missing values

# Fill out the nan values with 'Missing' keyword


# Analyse for the state, area  and income based what is consumed in 
#thankgiving dinner



# Analysis of the sauces prefered by each incomes group people



#What is your gender? convert column to numeric values. 
    #We’ll assign 0 to Male, and 1 to Female. 
    
    # Filtering the gender column using apply method.



#Do income cleanup and use the apply method to filter the income column.




# Fetching the average incomes for each type sauces.




# Visualizing the average income of the various sauces.

---
## [anyuan-chen/cat-calendar](https://github.com/anyuan-chen/cat-calendar)@[eb887f52a0...](https://github.com/anyuan-chen/cat-calendar/commit/eb887f52a0bcd2836c630f35578e642237e94e13)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 16:21:32 by RammyMcRamster

I FINALLY FINISHED EVENTS. SUCK MY ASS. THARTS RIGHT BITCHES AHHHHHHHHHHH

---
## [Ocramius/psl](https://github.com/Ocramius/psl)@[d180da1a8f...](https://github.com/Ocramius/psl/commit/d180da1a8f20f86a335b3f8ce323e2b66cd41046)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 16:41:45 by Marco Pivetta

Ugly-ass implementation that builds a terrible happy-path for `array` values passed to `ShapeType::coerce()`

This is just a prototype, and we can likely do the same with `assert()` and `matches()`, but it's just to show
the theory of operation.

Results:

```
./tools/phpbench/vendor/bin/phpbench run --config tools/phpbench/phpbench.json --ref=benchmark_reference
PHPBench (1.1.0) running benchmarks...
with configuration file: /app/tools/phpbench/phpbench.json
with PHP version 8.0.9, xdebug ❌, opcache ❌
comparing [actual vs. benchmark_reference]

\Psl\Tests\Benchmark\Type\ShapeTypeBench

    benchEmptyShapeCoercionAgainstEmptyArra.R1 I1 - [Mo0.500μs vs. Mo4.500μs] -88.89% (±0.00%)
    benchEmptyShapeCoercionAgainstNonEmptyA.R3 I3 - [Mo0.700μs vs. Mo6.103μs] -88.53% (±0.00%)
    benchComplexShapeCoercionAgainstValidSt.R3 I4 - [Mo1.603μs vs. Mo17.348μs] -90.76% (±2.99%)
    benchComplexShapeCoercionAgainstValidSt.R1 I3 - [Mo2.500μs vs. Mo24.120μs] -89.64% (±1.61%)

Subjects: 4, Assertions: 0, Failures: 0, Errors: 0
```

---
## [bomba5/MasterMind](https://github.com/bomba5/MasterMind)@[3370afcc19...](https://github.com/bomba5/MasterMind/commit/3370afcc19780d5a0df7e628b7c0616c9e74edc6)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 16:51:35 by Jhonata Poma

Forgot to remove stuff from the previous implementation which gave 'suggestion' to the user, using the codeBreaker funcs, because I'm at the beach and I don't wanna bother too much with coding and also my girlfriend would like to have dinner in a place which I honestly don't like.

---
## [varjla/paimon-moe](https://github.com/varjla/paimon-moe)@[d556a541d9...](https://github.com/varjla/paimon-moe/commit/d556a541d98656a26781681eb80d492fb89320af)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 17:00:01 by varjla

Create es.json

{"0":{"name":"Maravillas del mundo","achievements":[{"id":80091,"name":"Relatos extraordinarios","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"La novela de la Calle del Ibis\".","reward":5},{"id":81000,"name":"Vista panorámica","desc":"Llega al punto mas alto de la Cima Chingyun.","reward":5},{"id":81001,"name":"Los restos del vendaval","desc":"Llega a la cima de la torre en la Guarida de Stormterror.","reward":5},{"id":81002,"name":"\"Las semillas traídas por el viento...\"","desc":"Llega a la isla sin nombre al noreste Mondstadt.","reward":5},{"id":81003,"name":"Flecha imparable","desc":"Abre el cofre en medio de las rocas en forma de corazón.","reward":5},{"id":81004,"name":"¡Túnel de espacio-tiempo activado!","desc":"Pasa a través del túnel en el cielo en Cabo del Juramento.","reward":5},{"id":81005,"name":"El consentido del Arconte Anemo","desc":"Siéntate en las manos de la estatua del arconte en Mondstadt.","reward":5},{"id":81010,"name":"La mejor espada del cementerio","desc":"Desbloquea el Sello Tripe del Cementerio de Espadas.","reward":5},{"id":81014,"name":"Palacio oculto de la fórmula Guizang","desc":"Sigue el rastro de los inmortales y desbloquea la puerta del Dominio.","reward":5},{"id":81015,"name":"Jardín de cecilias","desc":"Ayuda a los Seelies a volver a sus lugares originales y desbloquea la entrada al Dominio en el Reino de los Lobos.","reward":5},{"id":81016,"name":"Palacio oculto de la fórmula Zhou","desc":"Sigue al Seelie y prende las antorchas para desbloquear la entrada al Dominio de la Colina Wuwang.","reward":5},{"id":81017,"name":"\"Si pones tu alma en ello...\"","desc":"Cocina un plato con sabor \"especial\".","reward":5},{"id":81018,"name":"\"... todos pueden ser gourmets.\"","desc":"Cocina 10 platos con sabor \"especial\".","reward":5},{"id":81019,"name":"A los diez, casi derroto un jabalí salvaje","desc":"Sé derrotado por un jabalí.","reward":5},{"id":81020,"name":"Licencia de vuelo dorada","desc":"Viaja una distancia muy, muy larga con el planeador.","reward":10},{"id":81021,"name":"Es como tener alas","desc":"Planea en el aire por más de 80s.","reward":10},{"id":81022,"name":"A la velocidad de la luz","desc":"Esprinta continuamente (o utiliza una habilidad alternativa a esprintar) durante 15 segundos.","reward":10},{"id":81023,"name":"Amigos en todo el mundo","desc":"Encuéntrate con todo tipo de personas en tu aventura.","reward":10},{"id":81024,"name":"Megaestrella en Mondstadt","desc":"Alcanza el Nivel de reputación 8 en Mondstadt.","reward":20},{"id":81025,"name":"Leyenda en Liyue","desc":"Alcanza el Nivel de reputación 8 en Liyue.","reward":20},{"id":80092,"name":"Ilustre en Inazuma","desc":"Alcanza el Nivel de reputación 10 en Inazuma.","reward":20},[{"id":81026,"name":"Misión completada","desc":"Completa 10 Cacerías recompensadas.","reward":5},{"id":81027,"name":"Misión completada","desc":"Completa 20 Cacerías recompensadas.","reward":10},{"id":81028,"name":"Misión completada","desc":"Completa 30 Cacerías recompensadas.","reward":20}],[{"id":81029,"name":"Aprendiz de héroe","desc":"Completa 10 Peticiones ciudadanas.","reward":5},{"id":81030,"name":"Aprendiz de héroe","desc":"Completa 20 Peticiones ciudadanas.","reward":10},{"id":81031,"name":"Aprendiz de héroe","desc":"Completa 30 Peticiones ciudadanas.","reward":20}],{"id":81032,"name":"Misión fallida","desc":"Pierde el rastro de tu objetivo en una Cacería recompensada.","reward":5},{"id":81033,"name":"El invierno más frío","desc":"Muere de Frío extremo...","reward":5},{"id":81034,"name":"Sacerdote, princesa y escriba","desc":"Obtén el tesoro de la Ciudad Sepultada.","reward":5},{"id":81035,"name":"Regreso del hijo pródigo","desc":"Sigue el rastro de un miembro de la expedición pasada y llega al lugar desde el que inició el camino de vuelta.","reward":5},{"id":81036,"name":"Mil años en la nieve","desc":"Descubre qué ocurrió con la antigua expedición a Espinadragón.","reward":5},{"id":81037,"name":"Acero helado","desc":"Obtén un arma forjada con Argento estelar.","reward":5},{"id":81038,"name":"Expedición infructuosa","desc":"Encuentra los restos de todos los Guardianes de las Ruinas obsoletos.","reward":5},{"id":81039,"name":"Lo que nunca se contó","desc":"Haz una amistad inesperada en un lugar inesperado.","reward":5},{"id":81040,"name":"La vista desde la cumbre","desc":"Llega a la cumbre más alta de Espinadragón.","reward":5},{"id":81041,"name":"Cuento invernal","desc":"Encuentra un cristalóptero Cryo debajo de un montón de nieve.","reward":5},{"id":81042,"name":"El cazador cazado","desc":"Sé derrotado por el Rey Jabalí de las Nieves.","reward":5},{"id":81043,"name":"¡Tranquilízate!","desc":"Derrota al Rey Jabalí de las Nieves mientras esté en modo enfurecido.","reward":5},{"id":81044,"name":"Miles de Moras de un bocado","desc":"Aprende a cocinar Carne a la jardinera.","reward":5},{"id":81045,"name":"Rayo divino","desc":"Recibe el impacto de un rayo.","reward":5},{"id":81046,"name":"Cerca del cielo","desc":"Escala el Pilar del Frío Celestial recuperado.","reward":5},{"id":81047,"name":"Nucleido de transmutación","desc":"Realiza una transmutación de material con el Transmutador paramétrico.","reward":5},{"id":81048,"name":"¿Es que no me oyes?","desc":"Hasta Paimon se cansa a veces.","reward":5},{"id":81074,"name":"¡Arr! Una botella más","desc":"Embarca a bordo del Rompeolas.","reward":5},{"id":81075,"name":"Lobo de mar","desc":"Permanece a bordo del Rompeolas durante cierto tiempo.","reward":5},{"id":81076,"name":"¡Bonito barco!","desc":"Intercambia tu Rompeolas con otro jugador.","reward":5},{"id":81077,"name":"...Su nombre es Mary Celeste","desc":"El Rompeolas fue destruido...","reward":5},{"id":81078,"name":"¡Déjà Vu!","desc":"Navega a gran velocidad en el Rompeolas durante cierto tiempo.","reward":5},{"id":81096,"name":"El martillo de madera de YAmada Go","desc":"Descubre varias veces los trucos del tanuki.","reward":5},{"id":81097,"name":"Kujirai y las temari","desc":"Acompaña al Pequeño kujirai en el juego de las temari.","reward":5},{"id":81098,"name":"Cronografía de las temari","desc":"Haz que otro jugador se una a un juego de las temari organizado por ti.","reward":5},{"id":81099,"name":"¡Día de la suerte para Paimon!","desc":"Obtén un palillo de \"suerte mayor\" en el Gran Santuario Narukami.","reward":5},{"id":81100,"name":"Me persigue la desgracia...","desc":"Obtén un palillo de \"Infortunio mayor\" en el Gran Santuario Narukami","reward":5},{"id":81104,"name":"¿Un palacio subterráneo?","desc":"¿Quién hubiera pensado que en lugar de un tesoro desenterrarías viejos recuerdos?","reward":5},{"id":81105,"name":"Ninjas vs. Fatui","desc":"Se arrastrado a la pelea entre Los Ocelos y los Fatui...","reward":5},{"id":81106,"name":"Registro histórico de Iwakura","desc":"Sé testigo del fin de la técnica Iwakura.","reward":5},{"id":81108,"name":"Liberen a Toratarou","desc":"Consigue liberar a Toratarou.","reward":5},{"id":81109,"name":"No queda otra alternativa","desc":"Resuelve la preocupación de Hiromi.","reward":5},{"id":81111,"name":"Jamás llegarán a viejos","desc":"Ofrece flores a los difuntos.","reward":5},{"id":81112,"name":"¡Oh, la Humanidad!","desc":"Sé testigo del destino del samurái.","reward":5},{"id":81113,"name":"Un alma vacía","desc":"Encuentra las cosas que dejó Washizu.","reward":5},{"id":81114,"name":"guía a una isla desierta","desc":"Encuentra el santuario de la Isla Yashiori.","reward":5},{"id":81115,"name":"El primer paso de un viaje","desc":"Encuentra a Chouji en Tatarasuna y la Isla Narukami.","reward":5},{"id":81116,"name":"La odisea de un médico","desc":"Descubre lo que le ocurrió a Yasumoto.","reward":5},{"id":81117,"name":"Toc, toc","desc":"Rompe los escudos alrededor de la Fragua Mikage.","reward":5},{"id":81118,"name":"La estrategia de Kannazuka","desc":"Derrota al Hipostasis Electro revivido.","reward":5},{"id":81119,"name":"Razones para pelear","desc":"Haz que Masanori entre en razón.","reward":5},{"id":81120,"name":"Oowazamono","desc":"Derrota con facilidad a Masanori.","reward":5},{"id":81121,"name":"Flores que retoñan de nuevo","desc":"Recive el obsequio de Hanayama Kaoru.","reward":5},{"id":81122,"name":"Gracias, vuelva pronto","desc":"Obtuviste el premio mayor del cofre de Takashi.","reward":5},{"id":81123,"name":"Rayo fulminante","desc":"Muere por el daño de una zona eléctrica","reward":5},{"id":81124,"name":"Recompensa inesperada","desc":"Usa el Cañón de Kamuijima para revelar un área con tesoros","reward":5},{"id":81125,"name":"La Tatara-espada","desc":"Obtén los planos de fabricación de un arma muy antigua.","reward":5},{"id":81130,"name":"\"...Flores en medio del fango\"","desc":"Tranquiliza las almas de 10 samuráis difuntos.","reward":5},{"id":81141,"name":"¡Esta es mi oportunidad!","desc":"Un pez escapó tras forcejear.","reward":5},{"id":81142,"name":"yo solo quería pescar...","desc":"Un pez se asustó cuando lanzaste el anzuelo","reward":5},{"id":81150,"name":"Deseos cumplidos","desc":"Pídele 5 predicciones a la Abuela Komaki y obtén el mejor resultado.","reward":5},{"id":81151,"name":"El cuento de la sirena","desc":"Ayuda a Kumi a resolver su preocupación.","reward":5},{"id":81152,"name":"El tesoro del pastor marino","desc":"Encuentra el valioso legado de los piratas a partir de las descripciones de un borracho.","reward":5},{"id":81153,"name":"John Silver el Largo","desc":"Encuentra todos los tesoros enterrados por Rinzou.","reward":5},{"id":81154,"name":"¡Hora de conquistar Watatsumi!","desc":"Rompe el sello del altar de la Arconte Electro.","reward":5},{"id":81155,"name":"Palacio del estanque","desc":"Desbloquea el Palacio del estanque.","reward":5},{"id":81156,"name":"El extravío del Beagle","desc":"Explora la Isla Watatsumi mientras sigues los pasos del erudito anónimo.","reward":5},{"id":81157,"name":"\"Neko es una gata.\"","desc":"Conoce a Neko, la Suma Sacerdotisa suplente del Santuario Asase.","reward":5},{"id":81158,"name":"La gata de las nubes","desc":"Presencia con Neko algo bueno que tardó en llegar.","reward":5},{"id":81159,"name":"Obsequio felino","desc":"Alimenta a los gatos de la Isla Seirai y hazte su amig@.","reward":5},{"id":81160,"name":"Un tesoro incuestionable","desc":"\"Ya te dije que solo es una imagen!\"","reward":5},{"id":81161,"name":"La otra cara de la nostalgia","desc":"Captura 4 imágenes para Oda Tarou en la Isla Seirai.","reward":5},{"id":81162,"name":"Este con este y...","desc":"¿Cuál va con cuál?","reward":5},{"id":81163,"name":"El cofre de Davy Jones","desc":"Desbloquea todos los mecanismos de Seiraimaru.","reward":5},{"id":81164,"name":"Sabiduría marina","desc":"Desbloquea una serie de mecanismos en la Isla Seirai.","reward":5},{"id":81165,"name":"La gran Cumbre Amakumo","desc":"Desbloquea los mecanismos de la base de la Cumbre Amakumo.","reward":5},{"id":82008,"name":"Una fuerza imparable","desc":"Destruye todos los pilares de piedra del Hipostasis Geo antes de que reviva.","reward":10},{"id":82009,"name":"Proyecto PRISMA","desc":"Destruye todos los prismas de resurrección del Hipostasis Electro antes de que reviva.","reward":10},{"id":82010,"name":"Ese cristalóptero Anemo es enorme","desc":"Absorbe todos los cristales de viento del Hipostasis Anemo antes de que reviva.","reward":10},{"id":82012,"name":"\"... No indicativo del producto final\"","desc":"Derrota un Hipostasis Anemo que haya pasado por cuatro tipos de conversión elemental.","reward":10},{"id":82013,"name":"Mientras más grandes...","desc":"Paraliza a un Guardián de las Ruinas al golpear su punto débil.","reward":5},{"id":82014,"name":"Pase de mediocampo","desc":"Derriba un Slime Pyro de las manos de un Hilichurl Lanzagranadas.","reward":5},{"id":82015,"name":"Golpe de gracia","desc":"Derrota un enemigo al destruir el hielo en el que está atrapado.","reward":5},{"id":82017,"name":"El rey de los Hilichurls","desc":"Derrota a un Lawachurl Acorazado antes de que expire su forma demoniaca.","reward":10},{"id":82040,"name":"Buen provecho","desc":"Ten 4 miembros llenos al mismo tiempo.","reward":10},[{"id":82041,"name":"El castigador","desc":"Inflige más de 5,000 de Daño CRIT.","reward":5},{"id":82042,"name":"El castigador","desc":"Inflige más de 20,000 de Daño CRIT.","reward":10},{"id":82043,"name":"El castigador","desc":"Inflige más de 50,000 de Daño CRIT.","reward":20}],{"id":82052,"name":"Los cuatro fantásticos","desc":"Completa un Dominio utilizando 4 personajes con el mismo Tipo Elemental.","reward":10},{"id":82063,"name":"Más débil que una flor de neblina","desc":"Derrota a una Regisvid Cryo sin destruir su punto débil, la corola.","reward":10},{"id":82064,"name":"Un fuego más abrasador","desc":"Derrota a una Regisvid Pyro sin destruir su punto débil, la corola.","reward":10},{"id":82065,"name":"Forastero vs. Forastero","desc":"Derrota a Nobile sin que este ponga ninguna marca sobre algún miembro del equipo y sea atacado inmediatamente por él.","reward":10},{"id":82074,"name":"¡Penalti!","desc":"En algunos sitios no es posible desenterrar Slimes Pyro...","reward":5},{"id":82075,"name":"Erosión del campo de fuerza","desc":"Destruye la barrera del Hipostasis Electro.","reward":5},{"id":82076,"name":"\"... lagarto, Spock\"","desc":"Uno de tus personajes es golpeado por las tres partes del ataque de piedra, papel o tijera consecutivamente.","reward":5},{"id":82077,"name":"Malos cimientos","desc":"Logra que el mismo Hipostasis Geo caiga 3 veces al destruir su columna de basalto.","reward":5},{"id":82078,"name":"Ni con buenos cimientos","desc":"Fuerza al Hipostasis Geo a entrar en su modo de resurrección sin destruir ninguna columna de basalto.","reward":5},{"id":82079,"name":"Lo que el viento devolvió","desc":"Absorbe al menos 10 orbes elementales creados por el Hipostasis Anemo en una batalla.","reward":5},{"id":82080,"name":"Fusión del núcleo","desc":"Destruye una semilla ardiente creada por una Regisvid Pyro.","reward":5},{"id":82081,"name":"Qué mareo...","desc":"Destruye el punto débil de la corola de una Regisvid Cryo mientras realiza su ataque giratorio.","reward":5},{"id":82082,"name":"Cuando las deudas nos separen","desc":"Derrota a un Recaudador Pyro que esté en modo sigilo.","reward":5},{"id":82083,"name":"Me derrito sola...","desc":"Derrota a una Maga de Cicin Cryo sin matar a ninguno de sus Cicines.","reward":5},{"id":82084,"name":"¿Este es uno de los Cuatro vientos?","desc":"Derrota a un Boxeador Anemo de vanguardia después de activas todas sus absorciones elementales.","reward":5},{"id":82085,"name":"Protección eficaz","desc":"Usa un escudo para contrarrestar cierto ataque de carga de un Dragarto Geo.","reward":5},{"id":82086,"name":"Rebota, rebota y...","desc":"Usa un escudo para contrarrestar el ataque Lluvia primordial de un Protodragarto Geo.","reward":5},{"id":82087,"name":"¡Todo para ti!","desc":"Usa un escudo del mismo elemento (o Geo) para contrarrestar el ataque Lluvia primordial de un Protodragarto Geo e infligir muchísimo daño.","reward":5},{"id":82088,"name":"Espíritu perseverante","desc":"Derrota a Azhdaha en todas sus formas.","reward":20},{"id":82089,"name":"Un día de invierno","desc":"Derrota a un Hipostasis Cryo que esté en modo debilitado.","reward":5},{"id":82090,"name":"Nieve hasta las rodillas","desc":"Derrota a un Hipostasis Cryo que haya revivido tres veces.","reward":5},{"id":82099,"name":"¡No me alcanzas!","desc":"Derrota a un Oni Espadachín sin que te golpee su fantasma.","reward":10},{"id":82100,"name":"¡Pelea justa!","desc":"Deerrota a un Oni Espadachín sin que se active el bloqueo de \"Rostro de la muerte\".","reward":5},{"id":82101,"name":"... Puedo yo solo","desc":"Derrota a un Protodragarto Geo sin haber reflejado su Lluvia primordial.","reward":5},{"id":82102,"name":"Te quemaste, ¿cierto?","desc":"Derrota a un Hipostasis Pyro que se haya reavivado dos veces.","reward":5},{"id":82103,"name":"Smells like Animal Spirit!","desc":"Derrota a un Hipostasis Pyro después de recibir 3 golpes miméticos.","reward":5},{"id":82104,"name":"Ruptura del núcleo","desc":"Derrota a una Maquinaria Eterna después de paralizar los 4 tipos de Centinelas de las Ruinas.","reward":10},{"id":82105,"name":"Prohibido el paso a maquinaria no autorizada","desc":"Derrota a la Maquinaria Eterna sin derrotar a ningún Centinela de las Ruinas.","reward":10},{"id":82106,"name":"Fuego con fuego","desc":"Derrota al Samurái Kairagi: Amenanza ignea mientras su arma está encendida.","reward":5},{"id":82107,"name":"Trueno con trueno","desc":"Derrota al Samurái Kairagi: Rayo danzarín mientras su arma está cargada de electricidad.","reward":5},{"id":82108,"name":"Trueno del este","desc":"Sé golpeado por un trueno invocado por un Mitachurl con Hacha Electro...","reward":10},{"id":82110,"name":"Sé agua, amigo mío","desc":"Derrota al Hipostasis Hydro sin destruir ninguna masa de agua (a excepción de cuando está recuperando vida)","reward":5},{"id":82111,"name":"Arma biomarina","desc":"Sé golpead@ por cierto animal creado por el Hipostasis Hydro","reward":5},{"id":82112,"name":"En el amor tiene que haber comunicación","desc":"Derrota a la Manifestación del Trueno sin ser bloquead@.","reward":5},{"id":82113,"name":"Caída del trueno","desc":"Derrota a la Manifestación del Trueno mientras vuela.","reward":5},{"id":82114,"name":"Aguas heladas y bruja carmesí","desc":"Derrota a Signora sin destruir ningún corazón ardiente ni ningún ojo de escarcha.","reward":10},{"id":84000,"name":"El comienzo de un largo viaje","desc":"Completa las misiones del Arconte en Mondstadt.","reward":20},{"id":84001,"name":"El forastero que atrapó el viento","desc":"Completa \"El forastero que atrapó el viento\".","reward":10},{"id":84002,"name":"Por un mañana sin lágrimas","desc":"Completa \"Por un mañana sin lágrimas\".","reward":10},{"id":84003,"name":"Song of the Dragon and Freedom","desc":"Completa \"Canción del dragón y la libertad\".","reward":10},{"id":84004,"name":"Que el viento nos guíe","desc":"Obtén el poder Anemo.","reward":5},{"id":84005,"name":"¿... o una nueva tormenta?","desc":"Repele al dragón que ataca Mondstadt.","reward":5},{"id":84006,"name":"Excelencia de caballero","desc":"Conviértete en un Caballero Honorario de Favonius.","reward":5},{"id":84007,"name":"Dilemas caballerescos","desc":"Fracasaste al pedir prestada la reliquia sagrada, pero aprendiste de los dilemas de los Caballeros.","reward":5},{"id":84008,"name":"El viento siempre cambia su curso","desc":"Se rescatado por Dvalin.","reward":5},{"id":84009,"name":"La tierra entre los monolitos","desc":"Completa \"La tierra entre los monolitos\".","reward":10},{"id":84010,"name":"Adiós, amo perfeccionado","desc":"Completa \"Adiós, amo perfeccionado\".","reward":10},{"id":84011,"name":"En tierras desconocidas","desc":"Se rescatado por un forastero en \"un lugar que los lugareños no visitan\".","reward":5},{"id":84012,"name":"Cinco Hilichurls se columpiaban","desc":"Acepta jugar con la pequeña Ming.","reward":5},{"id":84013,"name":"¡Huele divinamente!","desc":"Averigua cuál es el perfume preferido de Rex Lapis.","reward":5},{"id":84014,"name":"Es más grande por dentro","desc":"Limpia la tetera de Madam Ping.","reward":5},{"id":84015,"name":"\"Valiente aventurero\"","desc":"No escatimes en Moras para que otros terminen tu trabajo.","reward":5},{"id":84016,"name":"Protector de reliquias","desc":"No encontraste la Cococabra, pero reparaste una reliquia antigua.","reward":5},{"id":84017,"name":"Rex tremendae","desc":"Haz todos los preparativos necesarios para el rito del Ascenso.","reward":5},{"id":84018,"name":"Slime glaseado","desc":"Prepara un Slime confitado.","reward":5},{"id":84019,"name":"Al infinito y más allá","desc":"Llega hasta el \"palacio flotante\" de Liyue.","reward":5},{"id":84020,"name":"Flor melómana","desc":"Canta una canción de Mondstadt a los lirios de cristal...","reward":5},{"id":84021,"name":"Esta vez te dejaré ir","desc":"Derrota a Nobile.","reward":5},{"id":84022,"name":"Descarrilamiento","desc":"Haz que Osial, el Señor del Vórtice, se bata en retirada.","reward":5},{"id":84023,"name":"El último adiós","desc":"Participa en el Rito del Ascenso.","reward":5},{"id":84024,"name":"Una nueva estrella en ascenso","desc":"Completa \"Una nueva estrella en ascenso\".","reward":5},{"id":84508,"name":"¡Oh, no! ¡Piratas!","desc":"Juega a los piratas con Lulu, Fei y Meng.","reward":5},{"id":84509,"name":"El cocinero y el pescador","desc":"Completa \"La solitaria pesca de Jiangxue\" y \"El sonriente Yanxiao ya no sonríe\".","reward":5},{"id":84510,"name":"El amor está en el aire...","desc":"Ayuda a Zhihua a encontrar 5 señales de que tendrá suerte en el amor \"Buen augurio\".","reward":5},{"id":84512,"name":"Por el amor de Godwin","desc":"Termina 5 veces \"Lo que el viento se llevo\".","reward":5},{"id":84513,"name":"Subiendo de nivel","desc":"Ayuda a Hua'ian a reparar el puente roto de la Posada Wangshu.","reward":5},{"id":84514,"name":"Suerte de principiante","desc":"Selecciona el jade de mayor valor en tu primer intento","reward":5},{"id":84515,"name":"Asumiendo la responsabilidad","desc":"Discúlpate con Timmie.","reward":5},{"id":84516,"name":"Eso también sirve...","desc":"Traéle a Herman solamente materiales para un maniquí de entrenamiento.","reward":5},{"id":84518,"name":"\"Querido papá...\"","desc":"Escucha la historia de Timmie.","reward":5},{"id":84519,"name":"Panacea universal","desc":"Cura la enfermedad de Anna.","reward":5},{"id":84520,"name":"En el nombre de Favonius","desc":"Sé testigo de la historia de Jilliana.","reward":5},{"id":84522,"name":"De mayor quiero ser erudito","desc":"Completa \"Reliquias abandonadas\" y \"Recuperar lo robado\".","reward":5},{"id":84523,"name":"Sueño y Realidad","desc":"Completa \"Un supuesto \"trabajo\"\" y recibe la antología poética de Linling.","reward":5},{"id":84524,"name":"Bien está lo que bien acaba","desc":"Completa la misión \"Viejos amigos\".","reward":5},{"id":84525,"name":"¡Esta novela es genial!","desc":"Echa un vistazo al manuscrito de Chang el Noveno.","reward":5},{"id":84526,"name":"Libre a interpretación","desc":"Arruina 4 señales de amor.","reward":5},{"id":84527,"name":"¡Consigue tu propia comida de emergencia!","desc":"Cómete los alimentos que transportas en \"Entrega de comida\".","reward":5},{"id":84528,"name":"A plena vista","desc":"Ayuda a Sango y a Ryuuji a resolver el caso.","reward":5},{"id":84529,"name":"Solo hay una verdad, ¿o no?","desc":"Sé testigo de la historia de Ryuuji.","reward":5},{"id":84530,"name":"Liyue Ichiban","desc":"Cura a Tang Wen con platos deliciosos.","reward":5},{"id":84531,"name":"\"Bum\" y más \"bum\"","desc":"Pregúntale a Xiangling acerca de métodos especiales de cocina.","reward":5},{"id":84532,"name":"Comida para dos","desc":"Ayuda a Xu Dong y a Kamei Munehisa a preparar un plato.","reward":5},{"id":84533,"name":"Dilema dietético","desc":"Ayuda a Parvaneh a revisar las recetas.","reward":5},{"id":84534,"name":"Samuarroz","desc":"Ayuda a Kamei Munehisa a recolectar ingredientes de los campamentos de ambos lados.","reward":5},{"id":84535,"name":"\"¡Perdón por los problemas!\"","desc":"Recibe la queja de Konda Densuke en el servicio posventa.","reward":5},{"id":84536,"name":"Samurai Gourmet","desc":"Sé testigo del ingreso de Kamei Munehisa a los Superchefs.","reward":5},{"id":84537,"name":"¿Hay alguien aquí?","desc":"Descubre un pasaje secreto en Ritou.","reward":5},{"id":84538,"name":"Comentario editorial","desc":"Ayuda a Shigeru y a Junkichi a volver al camino del artista.","reward":5},{"id":84539,"name":"Deberías abrir un gimnasio","desc":"Ayuda 5 veces en el entrenamiento de Asakura.","reward":5},{"id":84540,"name":"Adivina quién soy","desc":"Descubre la verdadera identidad de Zhenyu.","reward":5},{"id":84541,"name":"Al menos tiene un final","desc":"Escucha la historia creada por Junkichi.","reward":5},{"id":84542,"name":"Ella y su gato","desc":"Acompaña a Neko a la Montaña Yougou para buscar pistas de Hibiki.","reward":5},{"id":85000,"name":"Nada que perder, excepto tiempo","desc":"Revela el secreto de los dos relojes de sol.","reward":5},{"id":85001,"name":"Conociendo a una diosa del pasado","desc":"Apréndelo todo sobre la historia de una antigua deidad.","reward":5},{"id":85002,"name":"El Chi y el dragón","desc":"Aprende todo sobre la historia de Chi.","reward":5},{"id":85003,"name":"Las ruinas de la batalla","desc":"Consigue un buen precio por un tesoro encontrado en unas ruinas antiguas...","reward":5},{"id":85004,"name":"Una sombra sobre el Estanque Luhua","desc":"Ayuda a Vermeer a ver el paisaje de sus sueños.","reward":5},{"id":85005,"name":"Jugador 0","desc":"Juega un juego simple con el Infantil Jiang.","reward":5},{"id":85006,"name":"Un árbol grueso y frondoso da sombra al hogar","desc":"Sé testigo de la historia de la familia Yuan Hong.","reward":5},{"id":84025,"name":"Engranajes del destino","desc":"Completa la misión \"Dainsleif, el buscador de la verdad\".","reward":5},{"id":84029,"name":"Un ladrón, un loco y un oscuro misterio","desc":"Averigua lo que le depara el destino al Maestro Ladrón.","reward":5},{"id":84030,"name":"Encrucijada del destino","desc":"Huye de las ruinas extrañas.","reward":5},{"id":84031,"name":"Burlándose de los dioses","desc":"Descubre que el Telar del destino ya está en marcha.","reward":5},{"id":84032,"name":"Se acabó la charla","desc":"Ahuyenta al Emisario del Abismo.","reward":5},{"id":84033,"name":"Nos volveremos a encontrar","desc":"Completa \"Nos volveremos a encontrar\".","reward":5},{"id":84034,"name":"Destino: Inazuma","desc":"Obtén una oportunidad de viajar a Inazuma a bordo del Alcor.","reward":5},{"id":84035,"name":"¡En guardia!","desc":"Consigue tu primera victoria en el torneo Crux.","reward":5},{"id":84036,"name":"Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves","desc":"Completa \"Viento de otoño y hojas escarlata\".","reward":10},{"id":84037,"name":"Contra viento y marea","desc":"Llega a la colonia de extranjeros.","reward":5},{"id":84038,"name":"Hiiragi Sanjuuro","desc":"Escolta los suministros y sal de Ritou.","reward":5},{"id":84039,"name":"Las aspiraciones de todos","desc":"Toca la Estatua de la Diosa Omnipresente, símbolo de la eternidad.","reward":5},{"id":84040,"name":"La princesa tras el biombo","desc":"Conoce oficialmente a la hija del clan Kamisato.","reward":5},{"id":84041,"name":"Amuletos, justicia y unidad","desc":"Completa \"Los tres deseos.\"","reward":5},{"id":84042,"name":"Fiesta en la cárcel","desc":"Rescata al Maestro Masakatsu.","reward":5},{"id":84043,"name":"Frente al relámpago","desc":"Conviértete en el objetivo del Decreto de captura de Visiones.","reward":5},{"id":84044,"name":"Foraster@ revolucionari@","desc":"Únete al ejército de resistencia.","reward":5},{"id":84045,"name":"La diosa inmutable y la utopía eterna","desc":"Completa \"La diosa inmutable y la utopía eterna.\"","reward":10},{"id":84046,"name":"Quietud, la sublimación de la sombra","desc":"Completa \"Quietud, la sublimación de la sombra.\"","reward":10},{"id":84047,"name":"Pez Espada n.º2","desc":"Obtén el reconocimiento del Escuadrón Pez Espada n.º2.","reward":5},{"id":84048,"name":"Though Their Wishes Be Like Morning Dew...","desc":"Descubre quién está detrás de la distribución de Engaños.","reward":5},{"id":84049,"name":"Megafestival pirotécnico","desc":"Enciende un fuego artificial para distraer a los guardias.","reward":5},{"id":84050,"name":"Duelo a muerte ante el trono","desc":"Obtén la victoria en el duelo ante el trono.","reward":5},{"id":84051,"name":"Los deseos de los demás","desc":"Cumple todos los deseos de la Estatua de la Diosa Omnipresente.","reward":5},{"id":84052,"name":"Omnipresencia sobre los mortales","desc":"Completa \"Omnipresencia sobre los mortales.\"","reward":10}],"order":1},"1":{"name":"Vagabundo del mundo mortal - Parte 1","achievements":[{"id":80001,"name":"El viento y el viajero estelar","desc":"Lanza unas semillas de diente de león por los aires utilizando un poder Anemo.","reward":5},{"id":80002,"name":"En las imponentes montañas","desc":"Obtén el poder Geo.","reward":5},{"id":80003,"name":"Aguas susurrantes","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"El corazón de Aguaclara\".","reward":5},{"id":80004,"name":"La Alabarda Divina se burla de los cielos","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"El corazón de Aguaclara\".","reward":5},{"id":80005,"name":"El borracho y el lobo","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"Cuentos de un borracho\".","reward":5},{"id":80006,"name":"Un manantial, un caballo blanco y la luz de la luna","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"El bosque de bambú a la luz de la luna\".","reward":5}],"order":3},"2":{"name":"El arte de la aventura","achievements":[{"id":80007,"name":"Tomando forma","desc":"Forja un arma de 4 estrellas.","reward":10},[{"id":80008,"name":"Experto en supervivencia","desc":"Aprende 10 recetas.","reward":5},{"id":80009,"name":"Experto en supervivencia","desc":"Aprende 20 recetas.","reward":10},{"id":80010,"name":"Experto en supervivencia","desc":"Aprende 40 recetas.","reward":20}],[{"id":80011,"name":"Chef estrella","desc":"Obtén la Maestría culinaria de 10/20/40 recetas.","reward":5},{"id":80012,"name":"Chef estrella","desc":"Obtén la Maestría culinaria de 10/20/40 recetas.","reward":10},{"id":80013,"name":"Chef estrella","desc":"Obtén la Maestría culinaria de 10/20/40 recetas.","reward":20}]],"order":5},"3":{"name":"La travesía de un héroe","achievements":[[{"id":80014,"name":"Arriba y adelante","desc":"Asciende por primera vez un personaje a Niv. 2.","reward":5},{"id":80015,"name":"Arriba y adelante","desc":"Asciende por primera vez un personaje a Niv. 4.","reward":10},{"id":80016,"name":"Arriba y adelante","desc":"Asciende por primera vez un personaje a Niv. 6.","reward":20}],[{"id":80017,"name":"Refinado y martillado","desc":"Asciende por primera vez un arma a Niv. 2.","reward":5},{"id":80018,"name":"Refinado y martillado","desc":"Asciende por primera vez un arma a Niv. 4.","reward":10},{"id":80019,"name":"Refinado y martillado","desc":"Asciende por primera vez un arma a Niv. 6.","reward":20}],[{"id":80020,"name":"Lo que no sabías","desc":"Mejora la Amistad de 4 personajes a Niv. 10.","reward":5},{"id":80021,"name":"Lo que no sabías","desc":"Mejora la Amistad de 8 personajes a Niv. 10.","reward":10},{"id":80022,"name":"Lo que no sabías","desc":"Mejora la Amistad de 16 personajes a Niv. 10.","reward":20}],[{"id":80023,"name":"Los regalos de la tierra","desc":"Recoge 200 recompensas de Flores de riqueza o Flores de revelación.","reward":5},{"id":80024,"name":"Los regalos de la tierra","desc":"Recoge 400 recompensas de Flores de riqueza o Flores de revelación.","reward":10},{"id":80025,"name":"Los regalos de la tierra","desc":"Recoge 800 recompensas de Flores de riqueza o Flores de revelación.","reward":20}],{"id":80026,"name":"Obsequio de héroe","desc":"Obtén 1 artefacto de 4 estrellas.","reward":5},{"id":80027,"name":"Ecos de una canción","desc":"Fortalece 1 artefacto de 4 estrellas a Niv. máx.","reward":10},{"id":80028,"name":"El tesoro legendario","desc":"Obtén 1 artefacto de 5 estrellas.","reward":5},{"id":80029,"name":"Canto sacro","desc":"Fortalece 1 artefacto de 5 estrellas a Niv. máx.","reward":10}],"order":6},"4":{"name":"Mondstadt la ciudad del viento y la poesía","achievements":[{"id":80030,"name":"Explorador continental: Mondstadt","desc":"Descubre todo el Mapa de Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":5},{"id":80031,"name":"La cariacia de mil vientos","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Puntos de teletransporte de Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":5},{"id":80032,"name":"Que el viento te guíe","desc":"Mejora las Estatua de Los Siete en Mondstadt al nivel máximo (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":20},{"id":80033,"name":"Peregrinaje al santuario: Mondstadt","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Santuarios de las Profundidades de Mondstadt.","reward":10},[{"id":80034,"name":"Guiado por el viento","desc":"Persigue a 10 Seelies en Mondstadt e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":5},{"id":80035,"name":"Guiado por el viento","desc":"Persigue a 20 Seelies en Mondstadt e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":10},{"id":80036,"name":"Guiado por el viento","desc":"Persigue a 40 Seelies en Mondstadt e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":20}],[{"id":80037,"name":"Cazador de tesoros atrapavientos","desc":"Abre 100 cofres en Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":5},{"id":80038,"name":"Cazador de tesoros atrapavientos","desc":"Abre 200 cofres en Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":10},{"id":80039,"name":"Cazador de tesoros atrapavientos","desc":"Abre 400 cofres en Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":20}],[{"id":80040,"name":"Aventurero atrapavientos","desc":"Completa 5 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":5},{"id":80041,"name":"Aventurero atrapavientos","desc":"Completa 10 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":10},{"id":80042,"name":"Aventurero atrapavientos","desc":"Completa 15 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Mondstadt (excepto Espinadragón).","reward":20}]],"order":7},"5":{"name":"Liyue el puerto de la piedra y los contratos","achievements":[{"id":80043,"name":"Explorador continental: Liyue","desc":"Descubre todo el Mapa de Liyue.","reward":5},{"id":80044,"name":"Observador de piedra","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Puntos de teletransporte de Liyue.","reward":5},{"id":80045,"name":"Montaña inamovible","desc":"Mejora las Estatua de Los Siete en Liyue al nivel máximo.","reward":20},{"id":80046,"name":"Peregrinaje al santuario: Liyue","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Santuarios de las Profundidades de Liyue.","reward":10},[{"id":80047,"name":"Guía lítica","desc":"Persigue a 10 Seelies en Liyue e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":5},{"id":80048,"name":"Guía lítica","desc":"Persigue a 20 Seelies en Liyue e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":10},{"id":80049,"name":"Guía lítica","desc":"Persigue a 40 Seelies en Liyue e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":20}],[{"id":80050,"name":"Cazador de tesoros firme como la roca","desc":"Abre 200 cofres en Liyue.","reward":5},{"id":80051,"name":"Cazador de tesoros firme como la roca","desc":"Abre 400 cofres en Liyue.","reward":10},{"id":80052,"name":"Cazador de tesoros firme como la roca","desc":"Abre 800 cofres en Liyue.","reward":20}],[{"id":80053,"name":"Aventurero firme como la roca","desc":"Completa 5 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Liyue.","reward":5},{"id":80054,"name":"Aventurero firme como la roca","desc":"Completa 10 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Liyue.","reward":10},{"id":80055,"name":"Aventurero firme como la roca","desc":"Completa 15 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Liyue.","reward":20}]],"order":8},"6":{"name":"Especialista elemental","achievements":[[{"id":82019,"name":"\"¡Enfríalo!\"","desc":"Congela un enemigo de forma continua por más de 10s (x1).","reward":5},{"id":82020,"name":"\"¡Enfríalo!\"","desc":"Congela un enemigo de forma continua por más de 10s (x5).","reward":10},{"id":82021,"name":"\"¡Enfríalo!\"","desc":"Congela un enemigo de forma continua por más de 10s (x10).","reward":20}],[{"id":82022,"name":"\"¡Que se forme un vendaval!\"","desc":"Activa reacciones de Torbellino Cryo, Hydro, Pyro y Electro al menos una vez en 2s (×1).","reward":5},{"id":82023,"name":"Go With The Wind!","desc":"Activa reacciones de Torbellino Cryo, Hydro, Pyro y Electro al menos una vez en 2s (×5).","reward":10},{"id":82024,"name":"Go With The Wind!","desc":"Activa reacciones de Torbellino Cryo, Hydro, Pyro y Electro al menos una vez en 2s (×10).","reward":20}],[{"id":82025,"name":"Felices fiestas","desc":"Congela a 4 enemigos en menos de 2s (×1).","reward":5},{"id":82026,"name":"Felices fiestas","desc":"Congela a 4 enemigos en menos de 2s (×5).","reward":10},{"id":82027,"name":"Felices fiestas","desc":"Congela a 4 enemigos en menos de 2s (×10).","reward":20}],[{"id":82028,"name":"El rendimiento disminuye a bajas temperaturas","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Superconductor en menos de 2s (×1).","reward":5},{"id":82029,"name":"El rendimiento disminuye a bajas temperaturas","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Superconductor en menos de 2s (×5).","reward":10},{"id":82030,"name":"El rendimiento disminuye a bajas temperaturas","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Superconductor en menos de 2s (×10).","reward":20}],[{"id":82031,"name":"El arte de la guerra","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Sobrecarga en menos de 2s (×1).","reward":5},{"id":82032,"name":"El arte de la guerra","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Sobrecarga en menos de 2s (×5).","reward":10},{"id":82033,"name":"El arte de la guerra","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Sobrecarga en menos de 2s (×10).","reward":20}],[{"id":82034,"name":"Hay que acabar con ellos dos veces!","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Derretido 2s (×1).","reward":5},{"id":82035,"name":"Hay que acabar con ellos dos veces!","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Derretido 2s (×5).","reward":10},{"id":82036,"name":"Hay que acabar con ellos dos veces!","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Derretido 2s (×10).","reward":20}],[{"id":82037,"name":"Un poco menos impactante que el amor a primera vista","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Electrocargado en menos de 2s (×1).","reward":5},{"id":82038,"name":"Un poco menos impactante que el amor a primera vista","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Electrocargado en menos de 2s (×5).","reward":10},{"id":82039,"name":"Un poco menos impactante que el amor a primera vista","desc":"Derrota 4 enemigos utilizando reacciones de Electrocargado en menos de 2s (×10).","reward":20}]],"order":9},"7":{"name":"Arquero divino","achievements":[{"id":82001,"name":"Nada en especial, solo práctica","desc":"Acierta a un halcón en pleno vuelo con tu arco.","reward":5},{"id":82002,"name":"Genio de la puntería","desc":"Golpea el punto débil de un enemigo desde lejos con Disparo Preciso.","reward":5},{"id":82003,"name":"El cazador furtivo","desc":"Golpea el punto débil de un enemigo desde muy, muy lejos con Disparo Preciso.","reward":5}],"order":10},"8":{"name":"Retador - Parte 1","achievements":[{"id":82004,"name":"¿Chaqueta metálica?","desc":"Rompe el escudo de cristal Geo de un Slime Gigante Geo.","reward":5},{"id":82005,"name":"¿Las bolas de plasma siguen de moda?","desc":"Rompe el escudo de una Maga de Cicin Electro.","reward":5},{"id":82006,"name":"Amo del ritmo","desc":"Evita que un Mago del Abismo regenere su escudo.","reward":5},{"id":82007,"name":"Dadaupa en llamas","desc":"Prende fuego al escudo de un Mitachurl Escudo de Madera.","reward":5}],"order":11},"9":{"name":"Dominios y espiral del abismo - Parte 1","achievements":[[{"id":82044,"name":"Investigador de las profundidades","desc":"Despeja el nivel 4 de la Espiral del Abismo.","reward":5},{"id":82045,"name":"Investigador de las profundidades","desc":"Despeja el nivel 8 de la Espiral del Abismo.","reward":10},{"id":82046,"name":"Investigador de las profundidades","desc":"Despeja el nivel 12 de la Espiral del Abismo.","reward":20}],[{"id":82047,"name":"Desde las profundidades","desc":"ompleta la sala 3 del nivel 2 de la Espiral del Abismo sin recibir daño.","reward":5},{"id":82048,"name":"Desde las profundidades","desc":"ompleta la sala 3 del nivel 5 de la Espiral del Abismo sin recibir daño.","reward":10},{"id":82049,"name":"Desde las profundidades","desc":"ompleta la sala 3 del nivel 8 de la Espiral del Abismo sin recibir daño.","reward":20}],{"id":82050,"name":"Mi precioso","desc":"Completa la sala 2 del nivel 2 de la Espiral del Abismo con un Monolito de líneas ley intacto.","reward":10},{"id":82051,"name":"Héroe del Abismo","desc":"Espiral del Abismo: obtén todas las Estrellas Abismales del Corredor del Abismo.","reward":20}],"order":15},"10":{"name":"¡Olah! - Parte 1","achievements":[{"id":84501,"name":"...¿Odomu?","desc":"Lleva a cabo exitosamente un intercambio cultural con los Hilichurls en \"Intercambio de idiomas\".","reward":5},{"id":84502,"name":"¿Yo dala?","desc":"Lleva a cabo exitosamente un intercambio cultural con los Hilichurls en \"Intercambio poético\".","reward":5}],"order":16},"11":{"name":"Snezhnaya no cree en las lágrimas - Parte 1","achievements":[{"id":84503,"name":"Perfeccionista","desc":"Completa todos los encargos de Tsaverich en \"Lo prometido es deuda\".","reward":5},{"id":84504,"name":"A decir verdad...","desc":"Reúne información de Snezhnaya en \"A decir verdad...\".","reward":5}],"order":17},"12":{"name":"Nostalgias del puerto de piedra - Parte 1","achievements":[{"id":84505,"name":"Geodiario de viajes","desc":"Reúne todas las historias de Rex Lapis en la misión \"Gediario de viajes\".","reward":5},{"id":84506,"name":"Damas y caballeros, presten anteción...","desc":"Termina de escuchar la historia \"Lluvia de cuchillas\" de la misión \"Momento de suspese\".","reward":5},{"id":84507,"name":"Érase una vez...","desc":"Termina de escuchar la historia de \"La ira de Haishan» de la misión \"Momento de suspese\".","reward":5}],"order":18},"13":{"name":"Encuentros fuera de este mundo - Parte 1","achievements":[[{"id":86001,"name":"\"La unión hace la fuerza\"","desc":"Completa dominios junto con otros jugadores 5 veces.","reward":5},{"id":86002,"name":"\"La unión hace la fuerza\"","desc":"Completa dominios junto con otros jugadores 20 veces.","reward":10},{"id":86003,"name":"\"La unión hace la fuerza\"","desc":"Completa dominios junto con otros jugadores 100 veces.","reward":20}],[{"id":86004,"name":"\"Vine, vi y vencí\"","desc":"Recoge 5 objetos típicos de una región en el mundo de otro jugador.","reward":5},{"id":86005,"name":"\"Vine, vi y vencí\"","desc":"Recoge 20 objetos típicos de una región en el mundo de otro jugador.","reward":10},{"id":86006,"name":"\"Vine, vi y vencí\"","desc":"Recoge 50 objetos típicos de una región en el mundo de otro jugador.","reward":20}],{"id":86007,"name":"Ese cristalóptero Anemo es gigante","desc":"Derrota un Hipostasis Anemo en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86008,"name":"\"... Siempre sonriente!\"","desc":"Derrota un Hipostasis Electro en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86009,"name":"\"Tienes que golpear a los pilares\"","desc":"Derrota un Hipostasis Geo en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86010,"name":"\"Cielo azul, brisa suave y un Regisvid Cryo\"","desc":"Derrota un Regisvid Cryo en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86011,"name":"This Is Fine","desc":"Derrota un Regisvid Cryo en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86012,"name":"Un pez llamado Rhodeia","desc":"Derrota una Oceanida en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86013,"name":"Pacto con lobos","desc":"Derrota al rey del Reino de los Lobos en modo multijugador.","reward":10}],"order":19},"14":{"name":"Retador - Parte 2","achievements":[{"id":82053,"name":"Cazador Hydro","desc":"Derrota a todos los tipos de animales ilusorios que puede invocar la Oceánida..","reward":5},{"id":82054,"name":"¡Al agua, patos!","desc":"Derrota a una Oceánida sin recibir daño de las bombas de agua de ciertos animales ilusorios.","reward":10},[{"id":82055,"name":"¡Milagro!","desc":"Derrota a 1 Hilichurls Extraños.","reward":5},{"id":82056,"name":"¡Milagro!","desc":"Derrota a 20 Hilichurls Extraños.","reward":10},{"id":82057,"name":"¡Milagro!","desc":"Derrota a 50 Hilichurls Extraños.","reward":20}],{"id":82058,"name":"Jardinería bajo cero","desc":"Paraliza a una Regisvid Cryo al atacar su corola.","reward":5},{"id":82059,"name":"Jardinería abrasadora","desc":"Paraliza a una Regisvid Pyro al atacar su corola.","reward":5},{"id":82060,"name":"El peso de la justicia","desc":"Golpea a un enemigo con un Ataque Descendente que dure más de 5s.","reward":5},{"id":82061,"name":"Círculo vicioso","desc":"Lanza 5 Habilidades Definitivas en menos de 15s.","reward":10},{"id":82062,"name":"Protección múltiple","desc":"Ten un personaje protegido por 3 o más tipos de escudos diferentes a la vez.","reward":10}],"order":12},"15":{"name":"Retador - Parte 3","achievements":[{"id":82066,"name":"¡Esto es mío!","desc":"Derriba un Slime Cryo de las manos de un Hilichurl Granadero Cryo.","reward":5},{"id":82067,"name":"!Abajo las defensas!","desc":"Destruye el escudo de un Mitachurl con Escudo Cryo.","reward":5},{"id":82068,"name":"Sin hielo por favor","desc":"Derrota a un Samachurl Cryo antes de que cree un pilar de hielo.","reward":5},{"id":82069,"name":"Más dura será la caída","desc":"Destruye el pilar de hielo de un Samachurl Cryo.","reward":5},{"id":82070,"name":"Pues no estaba tan frío","desc":"Derrota a un Lawachurl Brazo Helado antes de que expire su forma demoniaca.","reward":10},{"id":82071,"name":"Flor escarchada","desc":"Rompe el escudo de una Maga de Cicin Cryo.","reward":5},{"id":82072,"name":"Matarreyes","desc":"Derrota al verdadero rey de Espinadragón.","reward":10},{"id":82073,"name":"Goliath","desc":"Paraliza a un Demoledor de las Ruinas al golpear sus puntos débiles.","reward":5}],"order":13},"16":{"name":"Visitante de Espinadragón","achievements":[{"id":80056,"name":"Explorador continental: Espinadragón","desc":"Descubre el mapa de Espinadragón.","reward":5},{"id":80057,"name":"Conquista de la cumbre","desc":"Desbloquea todos los puntos de teletransporte en Espinadragón.","reward":5},[{"id":80058,"name":"Guía de las nieves","desc":"Persigue 5 Seelies cálidos en Espinadragón e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":5},{"id":80059,"name":"Guía de las nieves","desc":"Persigue 10 Seelies cálidos en Espinadragón e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":10},{"id":80060,"name":"Guía de las nieves","desc":"Persigue 20 Seelies cálidos en Espinadragón e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":20}],[{"id":80061,"name":"Cazatesoros de la montaña","desc":"Abre 40 cofres en Espinadragón.","reward":5},{"id":80062,"name":"Cazatesoros de la montaña","desc":"Abre 80 cofres en Espinadragón.","reward":10},{"id":80063,"name":"Cazatesoros de la montaña","desc":"Abre 160 cofres en Espinadragón.","reward":20}],[{"id":80064,"name":"Brotes rojos","desc":"Haz ofrendas y mejora el Árbol frioeterno al Niv. 4.","reward":5},{"id":80065,"name":"Brotes rojos","desc":"Haz ofrendas y mejora el Árbol frioeterno al Niv. 8.","reward":10},{"id":80066,"name":"Brotes rojos","desc":"Haz ofrendas y mejora el Árbol frioeterno al Niv. 12.","reward":20}],{"id":80067,"name":"Pilar del Frío Celestial","desc":"Haz que el pilar extraño se eleve.","reward":10},{"id":80068,"name":"Arma dracónica","desc":"Utiliza los restos de un dragón para hacer un arma.","reward":10}],"order":21},"17":{"name":"Recuerdos del corazón","achievements":[{"id":84026,"name":"Una aventura maravillosa: Prólogo","desc":"Completa \"Una aventura maravillosa\" y desbloquea todos los finales posibles.","reward":20},{"id":84100,"name":"Amo de los Relámpagos Violentos","desc":"Sé testigo de cómo la mala suerte de Bennet puede afectar incluso al tiempo.","reward":5},{"id":84101,"name":"El poder de la buena suerte","desc":"Activa los mecanismos sin equivocarte y obtén el tesoro.","reward":5},{"id":84104,"name":"El mal ha sido desterrado","desc":"Completa \"El cazafantasmas\" y desbloquea todos los finales posibles.","reward":20},{"id":84028,"name":"El ojo que todo lo ve","desc":"Evalúa correctamente toda la información.","reward":5},{"id":84107,"name":"Héroe del picante","desc":"Elabora un helado erróneo y haz que la positividad congénita de Chongyun estalle.","reward":5},{"id":84102,"name":"Superando los límites","desc":"Completa \"La fuente de la curación\" y desbloquea todos los finales posibles.","reward":20},{"id":84108,"name":"Guardaespaldas de una ídolo","desc":"Convence a Albert y los demás admiradores de Bárbara para que se vayan.","reward":5},{"id":84105,"name":"La leyenda picante de Mondstadt","desc":"Prueba la bebida picante de Bárbara.","reward":5},{"id":84103,"name":"Una criada firme y perfecta","desc":"Completa «El camino de una caballera» y desbloquea todos los finales posibles.","reward":20},{"id":84106,"name":"\"... Porque debo cumplir con mi deber\"","desc":"Ayuda a Noelle a descubrir la fuente de su fuerza.","reward":5},{"id":84109,"name":"Un mundo que solo las rosas conocen","desc":"Lee las notas de estudio de Noelle.","reward":5},{"id":84110,"name":"Olvídate de la preocupación","desc":"Completa \"El examen de una caballera\" y desbloquea todos los finales.","reward":20},{"id":84111,"name":"Caballera sin un rasguño","desc":"Escucha «El viaje de una caballera por Liyue» con Noelle.","reward":5},{"id":84112,"name":"La registradora de Mondstadt","desc":"Lee las notas de estudio de Noelle.","reward":5},{"id":84113,"name":"Mezclado, no agitado","desc":"Completa \"Coctelería felina\" y desbloquea todos los finales.","reward":20},{"id":84114,"name":"Hay un \"pero\"...","desc":"Ayuda a Diona a encontrar una base especial para su bebida.","reward":5},{"id":84115,"name":"Su Miaujestad","desc":"Lleva a todos los gatos a la Taberna Cola de Gato.","reward":5}],"order":2},"18":{"name":"Un mundo interior - Parte 1","achievements":[{"id":81049,"name":"Mundo sin fronteras","desc":"Utiliza la Relajatetera para entrar a tu morada.","reward":5},[{"id":81050,"name":"Altos niveles de energía adéptica","desc":"Alcanza 20 000 energía adéptica en 1 diseños de mundo interior.","reward":5},{"id":81051,"name":"Altos niveles de energía adéptica","desc":"Alcanza 20 000 energía adéptica en 2 diseños de mundo interior.","reward":10},{"id":81052,"name":"Altos niveles de energía adéptica","desc":"Alcanza 20 000 energía adéptica en 3 diseños de mundo interior.","reward":20}],[{"id":81053,"name":"Un amigo en una tetera","desc":"Alcanza el rango de confianza 4 con el espíritu de la tetera.","reward":5},{"id":81054,"name":"Un amigo en una tetera","desc":"Alcanza el rango de confianza 7 con el espíritu de la tetera.","reward":10},{"id":81055,"name":"Un amigo en una tetera","desc":"Alcanza el rango de confianza 10 con el espíritu de la tetera.","reward":20}],[{"id":81056,"name":"¡Árbol va!","desc":"Consigue 100 trozos de madera.","reward":5},{"id":81057,"name":"¡Árbol va!","desc":"Consigue 600 trozos de madera.","reward":10},{"id":81058,"name":"¡Árbol va!","desc":"Consigue 2000 trozos de madera.","reward":20}],[{"id":81059,"name":"Si fuera rico","desc":"Reúne 2000 Intramoras.","reward":5},{"id":81060,"name":"Si fuera rico","desc":"Reúne 10000 Intramoras.","reward":10},{"id":81061,"name":"Si fuera rico","desc":"Reúne 50000 Intramoras.","reward":20}],[{"id":81062,"name":"Más que un taburete","desc":"Construye 120 decoraciones.","reward":5},{"id":81063,"name":"Más que un taburete","desc":"Construye 300 decoraciones.","reward":10},{"id":81064,"name":"Más que un taburete","desc":"Construye 600 decoraciones.","reward":20}],[{"id":81065,"name":"Un toque de color","desc":"Fabrica 50 tintes.","reward":5},{"id":81066,"name":"Un toque de color","desc":"Fabrica 200 tintes.","reward":10},{"id":81067,"name":"Un toque de color","desc":"Fabrica 600 tintes.","reward":20}],[{"id":81068,"name":"Decoración de interiores","desc":"Aprende 60 planos de decoración.","reward":5},{"id":81069,"name":"Decoración de interiores","desc":"Aprende 120 planos de decoración.","reward":10},{"id":81070,"name":"Decoración de interiores","desc":"Aprende 180 planos de decoración.","reward":20}],[{"id":81071,"name":"Horror vacui","desc":"Ten 50 decoraciones en un mismo diseño de mundo interior.","reward":5},{"id":81072,"name":"Horror vacui","desc":"Ten 150 decoraciones en un mismo diseño de mundo interior.","reward":10},{"id":81073,"name":"Horror vacui","desc":"Ten 300 decoraciones en un mismo diseño de mundo interior.","reward":20}]],"order":22},"19":{"name":"Un mundo interior - Parte 2","achievements":[{"id":81079,"name":"Visitante VIP","desc":"Invita a un acompañante a entrar en la Relajatetera.","reward":5},[{"id":81080,"name":"Charlas a la luz de las velas","desc":"Desbloquea 10 diálogos de acompañantes.","reward":5},{"id":81081,"name":"Charlas a la luz de las velas","desc":"Desbloquea 20 diálogos de acompañantes.","reward":10},{"id":81082,"name":"Charlas a la luz de las velas","desc":"Desbloquea 30 diálogos de acompañantes.","reward":20}],[{"id":81083,"name":"El regalo de la victoria","desc":"Obtén 5 regalos de tus acompañantes.","reward":5},{"id":81084,"name":"El regalo de la victoria","desc":"Obtén 10 regalos de tus acompañantes.","reward":10},{"id":81085,"name":"El regalo de la victoria","desc":"Obtén 20 regalos de tus acompañantes.","reward":20}]],"order":23},"20":{"name":"Retador - Parte 4","achievements":[{"id":82091,"name":"Dragarto Geo de día y de noche","desc":"Derrota al Dragarto Geo en todas sus formas elementales.","reward":5},{"id":82092,"name":"¿Reacciones Geo?","desc":"Derrota al Protodragarto Geo en todas sus formas elementales","reward":10},{"id":82093,"name":"Espectáculo de marionetas","desc":"Derrota al Oni Espadachín mientras se burla de ti.","reward":5},{"id":82094,"name":"Tótem arruinado","desc":"Derrota a un Samachurl Electro antes de que logre crear un tótem Electro.","reward":5},{"id":82095,"name":"El rey maldito","desc":"Derrota un Lawachurl Electroyelmo fortalecido.","reward":5},{"id":82096,"name":"Hidroterapia","desc":"Derrota a la Doncella del Espejo sin ser atrapad@ por su prisión Hydro.","reward":5},{"id":82097,"name":"Silencio absoluto","desc":"Derrota un Hipostasis Pyro habiendo entrado en el estado de extinguido solo una vez.","reward":5},{"id":82098,"name":"La batalla de Narukami","desc":"Derrota una Máquinaria Eterna que esté en modo debilitado.","reward":5},{"id":82109,"name":"El toque final","desc":"Derrota a Azhdaha sin haber usado escudos en batalla.","reward":10}],"order":14},"21":{"name":"Encuentros fuera de este mundo - Parte 2","achievements":[{"id":86021,"name":"Para tener un Engaño, es un poco flojo","desc":"Derrota a Nobile en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86015,"name":"\"La montaña se mueve\"","desc":"Derrota a un Protodragarto Geo en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86016,"name":"Días de antaño","desc":"Derrota a Azhdaha en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86017,"name":"Sobre hielo","desc":"Derrota a un Hipostasis Cryo en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86018,"name":"Lazos rotos...","desc":"Derrota a un Oni Espadachín en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86019,"name":"Operación hoguera","desc":"Derrota a un Hipostasis Pyro en modo multijugador.","reward":10},{"id":86020,"name":"Ni tan eterna","desc":"Derrota a una Maquinaria Eterna en modo multijugador.","reward":10}],"order":20},"22":{"name":"Vagabundo del mundo mortal - Parte 2","achievements":[{"id":80069,"name":"Refulgente como el rayo","desc":"Obtén el poder Electro.","reward":5},{"id":80070,"name":"Tierra del diente de león","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"El zorro en el mar de dientes de león\".","reward":5},{"id":80071,"name":"Amistad y sacrificio","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"La princesa jabalí\".","reward":5},{"id":80072,"name":"Mil noches de juventud","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"La melancolía de Vera\".","reward":5},{"id":80073,"name":"Docto en hilichurlio","desc":"Reúne toda la colección de \"Las costumbres de los Hilichurls\".","reward":5}],"order":4},"23":{"name":"Un mundo interior - Parte 3","achievements":[{"id":81086,"name":"Ajedrez intraespacial","desc":"Instala tu primer Punto de teletransporte del mundo interior en la Relajatetera.","reward":5},[{"id":81087,"name":"¡Necesitamos más cosecha!","desc":"Cosecha 40 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos enigmáticos.\"","reward":5},{"id":81088,"name":"¡Necesitamos más cosecha!","desc":"Cosecha 200 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos enigmáticos.\"","reward":10},{"id":81089,"name":"¡Necesitamos más cosecha!","desc":"Cosecha 800 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos enigmáticos.\"","reward":20}],[{"id":81090,"name":"Paraíso en floración","desc":"Cosecha 40 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos exuberantes.\"","reward":5},{"id":81091,"name":"Paraíso en floración","desc":"Cosecha 200 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos exuberantes.\"","reward":10},{"id":81092,"name":"Paraíso en floración","desc":"Cosecha 800 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos exuberantes.\"","reward":20}],[{"id":81093,"name":"¡Temporada de cosecha!","desc":"Cosecha 40 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos inundados.\"","reward":5},{"id":81094,"name":"¡Temporada de cosecha!","desc":"Cosecha 200 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos inundados.\"","reward":10},{"id":81095,"name":"¡Temporada de cosecha!","desc":"Cosecha 800 cultivos en \"Raices esenciales: Campos inundados.\"","reward":20}]],"order":24},"24":{"name":"Inazuma: las islas del trueno y la eternidad (I)","achievements":[{"id":80074,"name":"Explorador continental: Tierra del trueno rugiente (I)","desc":"Revela todas las regiones de Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":5},{"id":80075,"name":"La tierra más allá del trueno (I)","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Puntos de teletransporte de Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":5},{"id":80076,"name":"Peregrinaje al santuario: Inazuma Tenryou (I)","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Santuarios de las Profundidades de Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":10},{"id":80077,"name":"Rayo Eterno","desc":"Mejora las Estatuas de Los Siete en Inazuma al nivel máximo.","reward":20},{"id":80078,"name":"Avatar divino","desc":"Aumenta la gracia del Cerezo Sagrado al nivel máximo.","reward":20},[{"id":80079,"name":"El guardián entre los truenos (I)","desc":"Persigue a 10 Seelies en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":5},{"id":80080,"name":"El guardián entre los truenos (I)","desc":"Persigue a 20 Electro Seelie on (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":10},{"id":80081,"name":"El guardián entre los truenos (I)","desc":"Persigue a 40 Electro Seelie on (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":20}],[{"id":80082,"name":"Guía del relámpago (I)","desc":"Persigue a 4 Seelies en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori) e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":5},{"id":80083,"name":"Guía del relámpago (I)","desc":"Persigue a 8 Seelie en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori) e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":10},{"id":80084,"name":"Guía del relámpago (I)","desc":"Persigue a 16 Seelie en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori) e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":20}],[{"id":80085,"name":"Cazador de tesoros del choque eléctrico (I)","desc":"Abre 100 cofres en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":5},{"id":80086,"name":"Cazador de tesoros del choque eléctrico (I)","desc":"Abre 200 cofres en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":10},{"id":80087,"name":"Cazador de tesoros del choque eléctrico (I)","desc":"Abre 300 cofres en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":20}],{"id":80088,"name":"Ceremonia de bienvenida","desc":"Completa la purificación del Cerezo Sagrado.","reward":10},{"id":80089,"name":"Cuentos de Tatara","desc":"Resuelve el problema de la Fragua Mikage.","reward":10},{"id":80090,"name":"Ecos lastimeros","desc":"Termina la serie de misiones de \"Legado Orobashi\".","reward":10},[{"id":80093,"name":"¡Ahora estás jugando con poder! (I)","desc":"Completa 6 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":5},{"id":80094,"name":"¡Ahora estás jugando con poder! (I)","desc":"Completa 12 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":10},{"id":80095,"name":"¡Ahora estás jugando con poder! (I)","desc":"Completa 24 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Inazuma (Isla Narukami, Kannazuka, e Isla Yashiori).","reward":20}]],"order":25},"25":{"name":"Guía de pesca de Teyvat - Parte 1","achievements":[{"id":81131,"name":"Pezqueñín","desc":"Pesca algo por primera vez.","reward":5},{"id":81132,"name":"Enhorabuena, es un pez","desc":"Pesca un pez ornamental por primera vez.","reward":10},{"id":81133,"name":"Pescando a la luz de la luna","desc":"Pesca por primera vez un pez que solo aparezca por la noche.","reward":5},[{"id":81134,"name":"Premio gordo","desc":"Pesca 100 peces.","reward":5},{"id":81135,"name":"Premio gordo","desc":"Pesca 500 peces.","reward":10},{"id":81136,"name":"Premio gordo","desc":"Pesca 2000 peces.","reward":20}],{"id":81137,"name":"\"Llámenme Ishmael\"","desc":"Pesca 1 pez en el mundo de otro jugador.","reward":5},{"id":81138,"name":"Ansia de pesca","desc":"Compra una caña en un Gremio de Pescadores.","reward":10},{"id":81139,"name":"Into the Waters","desc":"Successfully make 20 Bait.","reward":5},{"id":81140,"name":"Biólogo marino","desc":"Desbloquea 20 entradas de peces en el Archivo.","reward":10},{"id":81144,"name":"Interludio","desc":"Pesca en Inazuma unas páginas de libro perdidas.","reward":5},{"id":81143,"name":"Firme y estable","desc":"Pesca 10 peces manteniendo la tensión en la zona ideal de principio a fin.","reward":5}],"order":27},"26":{"name":"Inazuma: las islas del trueno y la eternidad (II)","achievements":[{"id":80096,"name":"Explorador continental: Tierra del trueno rugiente (II)","desc":"Revela todas las regiones de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":5},{"id":80097,"name":"La tierra más allá del trueno (II)","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Puntos de teletransporte de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":5},{"id":80098,"name":"Peregrinaje al santuario: Inazuma Tenryou (II)","desc":"Desbloquea todos los Santuarios de las Profundidades de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":10},[{"id":80099,"name":"El guardián entre los truenos (II)","desc":"Persigue a 4 Electro Seelie de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":5},{"id":80100,"name":"El guardián entre los truenos (II)","desc":"Persigue a 8 Electro Seelie de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":10},{"id":80101,"name":"El guardián entre los truenos (II)","desc":"Persigue a 16 Electro Seelie de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":20}],{"id":80102,"name":"Guía del relámpago (II)","desc":"Persigue a 6 Seelies en Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai) e ilumina los Pedestales de los Seelies.","reward":5},[{"id":80105,"name":"Cazador de tesoros del choque eléctrico (II)","desc":"Abre 40 cofres de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":5},{"id":80106,"name":"Cazador de tesoros del choque eléctrico (II)","desc":"Abre 80 cofres de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":10},{"id":80107,"name":"Cazador de tesoros del choque eléctrico (II)","desc":"Abre 160 cofres de Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":20}],[{"id":80110,"name":"¡Ahora estás jugando con poder! (II)","desc":"Completa 6 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":5},{"id":80111,"name":"¡Ahora estás jugando con poder! (II)","desc":"Completa 12 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":10},{"id":80112,"name":"¡Ahora estás jugando con poder! (II)","desc":"Completa 24 pruebas contrarreloj activadas por mecanismos del mundo abierto en Inazuma (Isla Watatsumi e Isla Seirai).","reward":20}],{"id":80108,"name":"Cazatormentas de Seirai","desc":"Completa \"Cazatormentas de Seirai\"","reward":10},{"id":80109,"name":"Yo quiero luz de luna","desc":"Complet1 \"Abismo plenilunado\"","reward":10}],"order":26}}

---
## [avih/mpv](https://github.com/avih/mpv)@[eae693fc46...](https://github.com/avih/mpv/commit/eae693fc46cc6d108b434cbd33d97243ec97282e)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 17:37:20 by wm4

demux_mkv: support FFmpeg A_MS/ACM extensions

Indeed, FFmpeg found a way to maximize the misery around VfW/AVI-style
muxing. It appears it can mux a number of random codecs by using random
format tags. To make this even more stranger, it has a probably custom
GUID for signaling them, although for unknown reasons this is done only
"sometimes" (judging from FFmpeg's riffenc.c).

Whatever, it's not too hard to support it. Also apparently fix the
incorrect interpretation of extended formats - there's absolutely no
reason to assume they're always PCM. Instead, check for the correct
GUIDs. Also while we're at it, move the channel mask handling also to
codec_tag.c, so all WAVEFORMATEXTENSIBLE handling is in one place. (With
the normal wav header handling strangely still in demux_mkv.c.)

The case I was looking at (aac_latm muxing) decodes now. While I'm not
entirely sure about its correctness (libavformat has a weird
special-case for SBR), it certainly doesn't try to play it as PCM,
which is much of an improvement.

The extradata mess in the demux_mkv.c A_MS/ACM code path is unfortunate
and ugly, but has less impact than refactoring all the code to make
this specific case nicer.

Did I mention yet that I hate VfW-style mkv muxing?

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[786c9b2b82...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/786c9b2b82f0b4046c3c1c9f24c3ab7289b805bd)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 17:39:10 by Marko Grdinić

"7:50am. Let me chill for a while. Any mail? No.

8:05am. I guess I should get something next week, but that does not matter. I just want to get this part over and done with.

I really want to come to an understanding how PPLs could improve my creation of game playing agents. RL works on toy games, but it choked as soon as the game got slightly hard. It is ridiculous.

If I could find anything at all to improve my chances, that would be a large accomplishment.

8:30am. Ok, let me go for another chap or two of Mars Chronicle and then I will start.

Sigh, it really would be nice to be able to pursue AI by making steady progress in a certain direction. Yeah, that would be the best. NNs in isolation aren't any better than fixed rules. Eventually I'll find a way to tie it all together, but I've been focusing on the wrong thing this entire time because it was the only thing that I knew.

It was my loss.

PPLs are the only way forward. Human level AI lies in the future. In the present, what I should hope for is to be able to make a single step forward.

8:55am. Enough Gunnm, let me continue with the plan for yesterday. It is time to spend some time going through the Julia docs. A who feels like doing this? But I have to. I am either on the path of making AI work, or I should forget it and do some boring programming work for the rest of my life.

9am. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/integers-and-floating-point-numbers/#Machine-epsilon

Ok, I might have badmouthed Julia, but it has impressive thoroughness in its libraries.

9:30am. Ok, I got the excess 16 question in the Green Hills quiz wrong.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kfQp9THxTHw
Binary 13: Floating point using excess notation

Let me figure out how this works. That test was vicious.

Yeah, if the notation is literally mantissa * 2^exponent then I definitely got the question wrong.

https://www.h-schmidt.net/FloatConverter/IEEE754.html

I thought the exponents would work like regular numbers, but having the first non signed bit toggled results in 2 for the exponent.

https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/51950/how-to-actually-use-excess-n-representation-in-binaries

> Excess-N notation shifts all values by N.

> It's quite common to see excess-N notation when denoting the exponent of a floating point numbers. For example, 32-bit floating point numbers often use 8 bits in excess-127 notation to represent the exponent.

Ah, I see. So I should have calculated the exponent and then shifted it by -16. I totally did not do that. Instead I guessed what the question wanted of me incorrectly.

9:45am. Ok, I see it. That is another question I blew for certain. The next time I apply to a compiler place, I think I will have the Julia and the Prolog REPL side by side.

Thought I think it might be likely for me to at least get an interview at Tessian and Green Hills given that I did do their tests.

9:50am. Well, forget this. Let me get back to the Julia docs.

10:05am. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/mathematical-operations/#Chaining-comparisons

This is not too bad. I like this particular language feature even though Spiral does not have it.

> However, the order of evaluations in a chained comparison is undefined.

Boo.

|>

Hmmm, is that the pipe operator that is see? I'll have to try it out later.

```jl
f(x) = x
5 |> f
```

Yes, this does exactly what I thought it would. Ok.

10:15am. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/mathematical-operations/#Numerical-Conversions

Doing all this in the raw C backend from Spiral from scratch when all I want to do is ML would be such a huge pain in the ass.

10:45am. Took a short break.

https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/strings/

It will take me a while to go through the manual at this rate, maybe a few days, but let me just do it. I'll certainly be using Julia from here on.

11am. I am in the middle of the strings chapter. The explanation of how UTF-8 works is not something I knew from before. You learn something every day.

11:15am. I seem to be browsing /a/ on the side instead of reading the manual. Focus me, focus.

11:55am. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/functions/#man-vectorized

The stuff here is interesting. It is good that I am going through the manual instead of taking it as it comes.

12:15pm.

```
n >= 0 || error("n must be non-negative")
```

Hmm, actually this form would work in Spiral and F# and yet I've never used it. It would be a good double for an assert.

Ah, no wait. I forgot that unit values need to be returned on statements. Right. No it would not work because of that.

12:40pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/variables-and-scoping/

Let me stop here. It feels like I am a third of the way through the docs. I should read at least 2/3rds today and after that I'll figure out how to do debugging in Julia. After that I'll get started on the task of taking apart Omega.

2:15pm. Done with breakfast. I caught up to Mars Chronicles so I might as well do some more reading of the docs. This is drudge work, but need to get it out of the way.

2:25pm.

```jl
module Bar
    x = 1
    foo() = x
end

module Qwe
    y = 123
end

import .Bar
x = -1
Bar.foo()

Qwe.y
```

Is there any point to these imports? It seems I can access the module just fine without them.

2:45pm. Focus me. One by one, I'll do this. I keep getting lost in thoughts.

2:50pm.

> So in Julia 1.0, we simplified the rules for scope: in any local scope, assignment to a name that wasn't already a local variable created a new local variable. This eliminated the notion of soft scope entirely as well as removing the potential for spooky action. We uncovered and fixed a significant number of bugs due to the removal of soft scope, vindicating the choice to get rid of it. And there was much rejoicing! Well, no, not really. Because some people were angry that they now had to write:

```jl
s = 0
for i = 1:10
    global s += i
end
```

3:05pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/variables-and-scoping/#Constants

Why do they have this insane fetish for mutation? Just make it an error to redefine `const`s for fuck's sake! They say it is for REPL convenience...makes sense then.

https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/types/

Next is the types section. This is really boring, but I am learning a lot about Julia.

3:20pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/types/#Type-Declarations

I need to focus. Just read this me. Let's do it. This and another section and then I will take a break. I getting bowled by boredom, but I need to keep going. When get to the programming part of my quest things will go more smoothly.

3:35pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/types/#man-abstract-types

They they allow only single parent inheritance.

> An important point to note is that there is no loss in performance if the programmer relies on a function whose arguments are abstract types, because it is recompiled for each tuple of argument concrete types with which it is invoked.

So Julia does specialization akin to Spiral? But given its nature, should it do boxing for very generic types?

3:55pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/types/#man-parametric-composite-types

Shouldn't there be a section on how to use abstract types? I thought that structs would inherit from them.

5pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/

Done with the types chapter. Here another very long chapter. I know I said I would do 4, but these chapters are really long. On the plus side my focus is not too bad and the material is simply if elaborate.

5:30pm. Done with the break. I am surprised how long it took. Let me resume. I'll want to at least deal with one more chapter today. Probably I won't get a job request by Zenna immediately tomorrow, but I'll want to deal with the manual in the next few days so I can actually do something useful. It is a pity I haven't gone down this path sooner. But things should work out.

5:50pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#man-ambiguities

> Here the call g(2.0, 3.0) could be handled by either the g(Float64, Any) or the g(Any, Float64) method, and neither is more specific than the other. In such cases, Julia raises a MethodError rather than arbitrarily picking a method. You can avoid method ambiguities by specifying an appropriate method for the intersection case:

I like this.

6:10pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/methods/#Redefining-Methods

I do not understand what `@eval` is supposed to be doing here.

6:45pm.

```jl
function matmul(a::AbstractMatrix, b::AbstractMatrix)
    op = (ai, bi) -> ai * bi + ai * bi

    ## this is insufficient because it assumes `one(eltype(a))` is constructable:
    # R = typeof(op(one(eltype(a)), one(eltype(b))))

    ## this fails because it assumes `a[1]` exists and is representative of all elements of the array
    # R = typeof(op(a[1], b[1]))

    ## this is incorrect because it assumes that `+` calls `promote_type`
    ## but this is not true for some types, such as Bool:
    # R = promote_type(ai, bi)

    # this is wrong, since depending on the return value
    # of type-inference is very brittle (as well as not being optimizable):
    # R = Base.return_types(op, (eltype(a), eltype(b)))

    ## but, finally, this works:
    R = promote_op(op, eltype(a), eltype(b))
    ## although sometimes it may give a larger type than desired
    ## it will always give a correct type
```

Reminds me of how old Spiral used to do type inference. I do not understand some of these examples, especially `Base.return_types(op, (eltype(a), eltype(b)))`. Should this be the same as...well, maybe it promotes the eltype of `a` and `b` before calculating the return type of `op`.

6:55pm. > Keyword arguments behave quite differently from ordinary positional arguments. In particular, they do not participate in method dispatch. Methods are dispatched based only on positional arguments, with keyword arguments processed after the matching method is identified.

I see.

7:25pm. Done with lunch. I am 95% done with the methods chapter. Damn I am tired of this. Let me finish it.

7:30pm. https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/constructors/

I'll continue from here tomorrow. I am about a third deep into the manual, but these early chapters are the most important. The later parts have parts that are skippable.

Let's see...I'll have to go up to the Missing Values chapter. Async computing and networking is a specific thing that won't be important until I need it. It should be doable for me to finish this tomorrow.

After that I'll be able to start dissecting the Omega library. After a few weeks of that I'll be ready for whatever gets thrown my way. Even if I get zero paid work related to this, I should be able to make use of library for my third and final run of creating the poker agent.

May my cultivation bear fruit this time around. The third time will be the charm."

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[079ee369ad...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/079ee369ad530eeef2b17bbe2366b89fc7a306f2)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 18:17:45 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Uncouples the cultist red eye trait examine text from requiring cultist status or a certain eye colour. (#506)

* Uncouples the cultist red eye trait examine text from requiring cultist status or a certain eye colour. (#61199)

Renames TRAIT_CULT_EYES to TRAIT_UNNATURAL_RED_GLOWY_EYES.

This trait now always displays a (slightly modified) message about unnatural glowy red eyes regardless of if the person is a cultist and regardless of what their eye colour is.

The examine is decoupled from eye colour because as it turns out, players can select the bloodcult red eye colour as part of character prefs. Anything that gave this trait set the eye colour to red anyway. Because there's now no guarantee the eyes themselves are red with this trait, the examine has been reworded slightly to reinforce that the eyes are merely glowing red and not necessarily are red themselves.

The examine is also decoupled from being a cultist. The trait can be added from multiple sources. Removing the cultist check means other things that want to tread the line of cult paranoia can add it too. Like Chaplain maint sect eyes and admin shennanigans.

This now means that the Chaplain's maint sect night vision eyes actually add the examine flavour text, instead of what they did before which is only add the examine flavour text if the player was a cultist that had bloodcult red coloured eyes. In other words, if they were risen and already had glowy eyes.

* Uncouples the cultist red eye trait examine text from requiring cultist status or a certain eye colour.

Co-authored-by: Timberpoes <silent_insomnia_pp@hotmail.co.uk>

---
## [mathcodes/Weather_Dashboard](https://github.com/mathcodes/Weather_Dashboard)@[c0c44461e6...](https://github.com/mathcodes/Weather_Dashboard/commit/c0c44461e69a2f8765fe410173294d4c04e4f975)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 18:29:29 by Jon Christie

Create readmeNOTES.MD

Unknown 0:43
Okay so I'm just gonna go over this homework six really quick. And I'm just gonna start by kind of walking through the criteria, which is kind of how I would work through building this out. So the first criteria was given a weather dashboard with form inputs, when I search for a city, then I'm presented with current and future conditions for that city, and that city is added to the search history. So that's really a lot of things going into that first condition. So the first thing that I would probably do when building out this homework is to try to start building out the HTML for this. And so you know from looking at that here that you're going to need some place to put the current weather and someplace to put future conditions, and you're also going to need the user to be able to search for a city so you're going to need some kind of search form for that as well. So in the HTML here. The first thing we do give it a little header, and then create a form that says, For us search for a city, and then just add an input form and also a button to submit that form, and then the only other pretty basic piece, piece of HTML that we need here is we've made some columns that we've got today, and a forecast for we're going to store that information when we get back from the API. So someplace when we get all the information for our from our API call for today, we can use our JavaScript to place that inside of this div so we know where it's where it's going to be located on the page. And the same thing for when we get back from the five day forecast. And so our page is going to look, let me grab this. So basically we just at the very beginning of the first thing I would do is just kind of build out this basic little nav, and then an input, and then we've got two hidden divs here that are going to score. Store the current data, or the current weather for today, and also that five day forecast, and then kind of the next thing that you want to do when you're going through this homework is you're going to want to figure out how that API call is going to work and see if you can get information back from the API. So, that I, for that I would probably do something, like, just Google Openweathermap documentation. That's a really good place to start if you're looking for an API, especially one that most of the ones that we'll use in this course, and most of the bigger ones have pretty good documentation so if you just type that in. This first one here, we've got weather API for Openweathermap. And then we see we've got a couple different things. We've got the current weather data, and we know we want that. So that's probably the first place I would start when I was going through this assignment is just go to the API documentation for this current weather data and try to make an API call. So, we know that we want to search by a city. So we're looking for something in the API documentation that allows us to type in a city name, and it looks like that first one here is by city name and the API call is going to be api.openweathermap.org slash data slash 2.5, weather, and then q equals, and the name of the city. So the next thing that you're going to want to do is probably if I was doing this I would just put a name into that myself just included in the string automatically. And so that's something like this, so instead of search value here at the beginning, I would probably do something like type it in actually just getting data back, because that's the simplest way to go about making sure that's actually working and it's not a problem with your like input form itself there. But, and then once you get that working, then you're going to want to tie it to what you're getting back from that input form. So, the next thing I would do is make a function to build that out. So we know that we're gonna want certain things back from the weather we want the weather conditions, the temperature, humidity, wind speed and UV index. So you would go through that API, and let's make this JavaScript. Yeah, so you go through that API. And you would build out

Unknown 5:37
divs and remember that when you're using this when you're using Bootstrap, you can just add classes that are the names of those bootstrap classes, and that will add all the styling for those. So when you get your information back from this first API call, you're going to try to dig back from that object that they're giving you in the response. And so we're looking for wind speed, humidity, temperature, and then the icons. So the first thing, even before kind of doing all of this kind of stuff, would just be trying to dig into that object to find these different things that you need here like temperature, humidity speed so trying to parse through that objects that you're getting back from the API. And then after that, you're gonna die and you can worry about the styling for each of those to make sure that the page looks nice, But it doesn't matter how nice the page looks. If you're not getting the correct information back. So definitely, the first thing you want to do is make sure you're getting an actual response, and then look inside of that response for all of the data that you need. So we're doing that to get all of the data for today. And then the next thing that you know is that you need to find a forecast as well. So the next thing you would do is go back to the documentation and kind of look for the two. So hourly forecast for four days, two. I think that's climate forecast, something like that, look through there by city forecast hourly city ID app ID so that's once again that's pretty. That's a pretty basic API call. So you go back and you'd set that up here, once again the first thing you're going to want to do is make sure that you're actually getting a response back from that API call. And then the next thing that you're going to want to do is you're going to make sure that you can find all of the data from that object, you get back, you get back, and you see inside of this one is data dot list. And then, all of your information is inside of that so this is really good exercise for and let's just do a console dot log. Just look at how that looks. So we're getting back an object, and inside of that object. We've got a list of dates and times. And you can use that to build out your forecast. So that's the first thing you want to do is you want to console that console log that data you're getting back, and then try to find each of the things that you want to display. So, parse through that object so if we want the temperature for this. Then we'll go to this first one we see the time of it. We've got the temperature, the pressure, humidity, and that minimum and maximum temperature, whatever you might want back from there. So it looks like we're just getting temperature, humidity, and then the date for those, which is perfect and for if you're just doing kind of a five day forecast, you can grab something, you know from noon for each day from three o'clock for each day. Whatever you think is most relevant for a user. And then the next thing we have another API call that we need to make, where we have to get some information back about the UV index, so that I would go through that same kind of process there where you're digging around in the documentation on a weather map, and you're making an API call and at first I would just type in a lot like maybe to Google search for a latitude and longitude and put those in there just to make sure you're getting some kind of information back. And then eventually, you're going to get the latitude and longitude from these other calls and put them inside of here to make that call. And then the other things that we wanted. Were when somebody searches, we wanted to add to their history. So, we see when people make us, too. So we're using a couple different functions here, so when they make a successful call we're setting into their history we're adding an array or string following it, but essentially what we're going to store inside of that is an array of all the different cities, they've selected, and then when it's clicked on. When we click on the History button. So to go back to our HTML here to where. So that history button. Let's just open

Unknown 11:03
the browser

Unknown 11:04
is essentially going to be viz, and it's going to use those and use the text inside of these to make the API calls in the future. So if you click on that answer a new one. A rate. And it will instead of searching for an input, it will use the text inside of this to make that same kind of API call, we're using for these and sentence being saved in local storage, or we're also doing at the end so that it's automatically. So when we load the page, it's not just bringing up these cities that have been searched in the past. It's also bringing up the information for the last thing in that list. And that's happening through these lines here is searching to see if there is an item in the history. So if we have something in our local storage. If it's greater than zero, then we're running a search, whether for the last item in that array, so that it's automatically rendering that upon to the screen, and then also what we're doing is we're rendering, we're taking every item in that array and we're making a row appear at the top, so that's pretty simple. So we're using that make row function, and then we're just adding the text from each array, we're making a new line, and just appending it here so that's how it's filling out these from there as they're all being saved in the local storage. And then when we refresh the page, it's just making a new line for each thing within that history array. And that's essentially all there is to that this is a really good exercise for just using different API's in general. So this should be pretty helpful, especially if you're still kind of struggling through this project, which I think everybody's doing a pretty good job. But for just making API calls in general and we'll definitely link out all of this, this solution to you guys here pretty soon to get does anybody have any questions about any of this kind of glossed over making all the divs and things since that's something we've gone over in previous classes. Just wanted to focus mainly on the API to kind of stuff but you can ask questions about anything if you have them.

Unknown 13:58
All right. Well, if you have any questions about this homework at any point you can always reach out to any of us, as well.

---
## [dsedivec/dotfiles](https://github.com/dsedivec/dotfiles)@[0bf73729a9...](https://github.com/dsedivec/dotfiles/commit/0bf73729a94871515f64aec5db4ab84b0a08d23d)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 20:49:19 by Dale Sedivec

Removing bindings that keep fucking me up

M-n/M-p, you have tormented me for years with your inscrutable prompt
and your inevitable loss of my lengthy input!  No longer!

Should really go attack these in .inputrc, because next week I
guarantee you I will be bitching about this in psql or something else.

---
## [ToastEnergy/RamMonitor](https://github.com/ToastEnergy/RamMonitor)@[0c71c28537...](https://github.com/ToastEnergy/RamMonitor/commit/0c71c28537f8fe2ce4c591a805fd54462e11df59)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 20:56:16 by Giorgio

fix

CONTRATTO DI LICENZA PER L’UTENTE FINALE DI FORTNITE®
L’utente è invitato a leggere attentamente il presente Contratto, il quale costituisce un documento legale che illustra diritti e obblighi relativi all’utilizzo del Software, incluso qualsiasi Servizio a cui si accede o gli acquisti che l'utente effettua attraverso il Software. Tramite il download o l’utilizzo del Software, o indicando in altro modo l’accettazione del presente Contratto, l’utente accetta di essere vincolato ai termini e alle condizioni del presente Contratto. Qualora l’utente non dovesse o non potesse accettare i termini e le condizioni del presente Contratto, lo stesso è invitato ad astenersi dal download o dall’utilizzo di questo Software.

Al fine di conoscere le nostre pratiche, l’utente è invitato a verificare l’Informativa sulla privacy all’indirizzo https://www.epicgames.com/privacypolicy, che disciplina anche l’uso che l’utente fa dei Servizi. Inoltre, tale uso è disciplinato anche dalle Condizioni di Servizio, reperibili a https://www.epicgames.com/tos. Scaricando o usando il Software, l'utente accetta le Condizioni di Servizio di Epic e riconosce di aver letto l'Informativa sulla privacy di Epic.

Determinate parole o frasi sono definite in modo tale da attribuire loro determinati significati ove utilizzate nel presente Contratto. Tali parole e frasi sono definite di seguito nella Sezione 16.

Se la residenza principale dell’utente si trova negli Stati Uniti d’America, il suo contratto sarà con Epic Games, Inc. Qualora essa non si trovasse negli Stati Uniti d’America, il suo contratto sarà con Epic Games International S.à r.l., agente per conto della sua succursale svizzera.

1. Concessione di Licenza

Epic concede all’utente licenza e diritto limitati, personali, non esclusivi, non trasferibili e non cedibili in sub-licenza, di installare e utilizzare una copia del Software su un dispositivo per uso e intrattenimento personale (la “Licenza”). I diritti concessi da Epic all’utente ai sensi della licenza sono soggetti ai termini e alle condizioni del presente Contratto, e l’utente ha la facoltà di utilizzare la Licenza soltanto a condizione che rispetti tutti i termini ivi applicabili.

La Licenza diventa efficace a partire dalla data in cui l’utente accetta il presente Contratto. Il Software viene concesso in licenza, non venduto, all’utente ai sensi della Licenza. La Licenza non concede all’utente alcun titolo o proprietà relativamente al Software.

2. Condizioni della Licenza

L’utente non è autorizzato a svolgere alcuna delle seguenti operazioni per quanto riguarda il Software o una qualsiasi delle sue parti: (a) utilizzarlo per scopi commerciali o promozionali; (b) utilizzarlo su più di un dispositivo alla volta; (c) copiarlo, riprodurlo, distribuirlo, visualizzarlo o utilizzarlo in un modo che non sia espressamente autorizzato nel presente Contratto; (d) venderlo, affittarlo, noleggiarlo, concederlo in licenza, distribuirlo o altrimenti trasferirlo; (e) compiervi attività di reverse engineering, derivarne il codice sorgente, modificarlo, adattarlo, tradurlo, decompilarlo, disassemblarlo o creare opere derivate basate sullo stesso; (f) rimuovere, disabilitare, aggirare o modificare qualsiasi avviso o etichetta di proprietà o tecnologia di sicurezza contenuta nello stesso; (g) creare, sviluppare, distribuire o utilizzare qualsiasi programma software non autorizzato per ottenere un vantaggio in qualsiasi modalità di gioco on-line o di altro tipo; (h) utilizzarlo per violare i diritti di terzi, ivi compresi, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, i diritti di proprietà intellettuale, della personalità o privacy; (i) utilizzarlo, esportarlo o riesportarlo in violazione di qualsiasi legge o regolamento applicabile; o (j) comportarsi in modo da pregiudicare la fruizione del Software da parte di altri utenti, secondo il giudizio di Epic, e in particolare a titolo puramente esemplificativo, in modo molesto, utilizzando linguaggi offensivi o illegali, con atti di negligenza nei confronti del gioco, sabotaggio, spamming, social engineering o scamming.

Il Software potrebbe contenere il software Cheat Detection o alcune funzioni o, durante l’installazione del Software, l’utente potrebbe essere invitato a installare il software Cheat Detection. Qualora non si desideri installare il software Cheat Detection oppure si voglia rimuovere o disattivare il software Cheat Detection o alcune funzioni in qualunque momento, la Licenza concessa all’utente cesserà automaticamente e l’utente potrebbe non riuscire a utilizzare il Software. Il Software o il software Cheat Detection possono acquisire e trasmettere informazioni relative all’account dell’utente, alle sue azioni di gioco e a programmi o processi potenzialmente non autorizzati in relazione con Cheat Detection, in base all’Informativa sulla privacy di Epic. In caso di identificazione di Imbrogli, l’utente acconsente affinché Epic possa esercitare tutti o qualunque diritto concesso in base al presente Contratto.

3. Aggiornamenti e Patch

Epic potrebbe fornire patch, aggiornamenti o upgrade per il Software, i quali devono essere installati per consentire all’utente di continuare a utilizzare il Software o i Servizi. Epic potrebbe aggiornare il Software da remoto senza avvisare l’utente e con il presente Contratto l’utente fornisce il proprio consenso affinché Epic applichi patch, aggiornamenti e upgrade. Epic potrebbe modificare, sospendere, interrompere, sostituire, cambiare o limitare l’accesso dell’utente a qualsiasi aspetto del Software o dei Servizi in qualsiasi momento. L’utente riconosce che il suo utilizzo del Software o dei Servizi non conferisce allo stesso alcun interesse, monetario o di altra natura, in alcun aspetto o funzionalità del Software o dei Servizi, ivi compresi a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, ricompense e obiettivi di gioco, livelli dei personaggi, Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti. Inoltre, l’utente riconosce che tutti i dati sui personaggi, i progressi di gioco, la personalizzazione del gioco o altri dati relativi al proprio utilizzo del Software o dei Servizi potrebbero cessare di essere disponibili in qualsiasi momento senza preavviso da parte di Epic, ivi compresi, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, a seguito dell’applicazione di una patch, aggiornamento o upgrade da parte di Epic. Epic non si assume alcun obbligo di manutenzione o supporto relativamente al Software o ai Servizi.

4. Valuta di Gioco e Contenuti

Epic potrebbe offrire all’utente la possibilità di acquisire licenze per valuta di gioco (“Valuta di Gioco”) o Contenuti, come: (a) acquistare una licenza limitata per usare Valuta di Gioco a pagamento (“Valuta di Gioco acquistata”), (b) ottenere una licenza limitata per usare Valuta di Gioco per eseguire o compiere attività specifiche nel Software, o (c) acquistare a pagamento, scambiare Valuta di Gioco o ottenere una licenza limitata per usare i Contenuti. Inoltre, Epic potrebbe facilitare lo scambio di determinati Contenuti tramite il Software, in alcuni casi a fronte del pagamento di un corrispettivo. L’utente può utilizzare tale Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti soltanto in caso di pagamento del relativo corrispettivo (se presente). Se l'utente ottiene o paga un corrispettivo per avere tale Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti, sta ottenendo o acquistando da Epic il diritto di avere una propria licenza che include tale Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti. A prescindere dagli eventuali riferimenti che Epic potrebbe effettuare, al di fuori del presente Contratto, all’acquisto o alla vendita di Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti, entrambi Valuta di Gioco e Contenuti vengono concessi in licenza e non venduti all’utente ai sensi della Licenza. L’uso del Saldo di un Conto Epic per l’acquisto di Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti è soggetto alle Condizioni di Servizio di Epic.

Né la Valuta di Gioco né i Contenuti sono convertibili in denaro o valore monetario da Epic o da qualsiasi altro soggetto, salvo ove diversamente previsto dalla legge applicabile. La Valuta di Gioco e i Contenuti non hanno un valore equivalente in valuta reale e non sostituiscono la valuta reale. Né Epic né qualsiasi altro soggetto o entità si assume alcun obbligo di scambiare la Valuta di Gioco o i Contenuti con qualsiasi oggetto di valore, ivi compresa, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, la valuta reale. L’utente conviene che Epic potrebbe intraprendere azioni che potrebbero influire sul valore percepito o il prezzo di acquisto, se applicabile, della Valuta di Gioco e dei Contenuti in qualsiasi momento, salvo laddove proibito dalla legge applicabile.

Tutti gli acquisti della Valuta di Gioco Acquistata e dei Contenuti sono definitivi e non sono rimborsabili, né trasferibili o scambiabili in alcun caso, salvo ove altrimenti previsto dalla legge applicabile. Epic, a propria unica discrezione, potrebbe imporre dei limiti alla quantità di Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti che possono essere acquistati, guadagnati, accumulati, riscattati o altrimenti utilizzati.

Salvo ove altrimenti proibito dalla legge applicabile, Epic, a propria unica esclusiva discrezione, ha il diritto assoluto di gestire, modificare, sostituire, sospendere, annullare o eliminare la Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti, compresa la possibilità per l’utente di accedere a o utilizzare Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti, senza preavviso o responsabilità nei confronti dell’utente. L’utente non è autorizzato a trasferire, vendere, regalare, scambiare, negoziare, locare, concedere in sublicenza o noleggiare Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti se non nell’ambito del Software e secondo quanto espressamente consentito da Epic. Eccetto laddove sia altrimenti proibito dalla legge applicabile, Epic si riserva e mantiene tutti i diritti, titoli e interessi relativi alla Valuta di Gioco e ai Contenuti. La licenza relativa alla Valuta di Gioco e ai Contenuti cesserà al termine della Licenza e secondo quanto ivi altrimenti disposto.

Nel momento in cui l’utente fornisce i dati di pagamento a Epic o a un suo agente autorizzato per la relativa elaborazione, l’utente dichiara di essere autorizzato all’uso della carta di pagamento, PIN, chiavetta, conto o altro metodo di pagamento specificato dall’utente, e quest’ultimo autorizza Epic ad addebitare l’importo integrale della transazione tramite tale metodo di pagamento.

5. Contenuto Generato dall'Utente

Qualsiasi contenuto che l'utente crea, genera o rende disponibile attraverso il Software o i Servizi, incluso edifici, post in chat, dati personaggi, personalizzazione del gioco, costruzioni in gioco e screenshot, saranno “CGU”. Con il presente l'Utente concede a Epic la licenza non esclusiva, completamente pagata, senza royalty, irrevocabile, perpetua, trasferibile e cedibile in sub-licenza di usare, copiare, modificare, adattare, distribuire e visualizzare pubblicamente la CGU dell'utente. L'utente non può creare, generare o rendere disponibile attraverso il Software dei Servizi qualsiasi CGU per il quale non ha il diritto di garantire a Epic tale licenza. Inoltre, l'utente non può creare, generare o rendere disponibile attraverso il Software dei Servizi alcuna CGU illegale o che viola o infrange diritti di terzi, incluso diritti di proprietà intellettuale o diritti morali, privacy o pubblicità. Epic si riserva il diritto di annullare qualsiasi UGC a propri discrezione.

6. Feedback

In caso di trasmissione di qualsivoglia Feedback a Epic, l’utente concede a Epic una licenza non esclusiva, integralmente remunerata, priva di royalty, irrevocabile, perpetua, trasferibile e cedibile in sub-licenza di riprodurre, distribuire, modificare, preparare opere derivate, eseguire pubblicamente, esibire pubblicamente, produrre, far produrre, utilizzare, vendere, offrire in vendita, importare e altrimenti sfruttare tale Feedback per qualsiasi scopo, per tutti i metodi e le forme di sfruttamento presenti e futuri in qualsiasi paese. Se tali diritti non possono essere concessi in licenza ai sensi della legge applicabile (come i diritti morali e diritti personali di altra natura), l’utente rinuncia a tali diritti e accetta di non farli valere. L’utente conviene e accetta che Epic non avrà alcun obbligo di fare uso di qualsiasi Feedback fornito dall’utente stesso. L’utente conviene che, qualora Epic faccia uso del suo Feedback, Epic non avrà alcun obbligo di riconoscere o compensare l’utente per il proprio contributo. L’utente dichiara e garantisce di disporre di diritti sufficienti relativi a qualsiasi Feedback fornito a Epic, tali da concedere a Epic e agli altri soggetti interessati, i diritti descritti in precedenza. Questi includono, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, i diritti di proprietà intellettuale e altri diritti proprietari o personali.

7. Proprietà/Licenze di Terzi

Epic e i suoi licenziatari possiedono tutti i titoli, i diritti di proprietà e i diritti di proprietà intellettuale relativi al Software e ai Servizi. Epic, Epic Games, Unreal, Unreal Engine e Fortnite, e i loro rispettivi loghi sono marchi o marchi registrati di Epic e dei suoi affiliati negli Stati Uniti d’America e altrove. Tutti i diritti concessi all’utente ai sensi del presente Contratto sono concessi esclusivamente con licenza espressa e non con la vendita. Nessuna licenza o altri diritti saranno creati per implicazione, preclusione o altrimenti.

Il Software include determinati componenti forniti dai licenziatari di Epic. È possibile trovare un elenco di crediti e avvisi per i componenti di terze parti nell’interfaccia di gioco.

8. Esoneri e Limitazione di Responsabilità

Il Software (compresi eventuale Valuta di Gioco e Contenuti) e i Servizi sono forniti “così com'è” e “così com’è disponibile”, “con tutti i difetti” e senza garanzie di alcun tipo. Epic, i suoi licenziatari e i loro rispettivi affiliati declinano tutte le garanzie, condizioni, obblighi secondo la legge consuetudinaria e tutte le dichiarazioni (espresse, implicite, orali e scritte) in relazione al Software o ai Servizi, ivi comprese, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, tutte le garanzie e condizioni esplicite, implicite e legali di qualsiasi tipo, come titolo, non interferenza con l’uso dell’utente, autorità, non violazione, commerciabilità, idoneità o adeguatezza per qualsiasi scopo (sia che Epic ne sia a conoscenza o meno o abbia motivo di essere a conoscenza di tale scopo), integrazione del sistema, precisione o completezza, risultati, ragionevole cura, perizia, mancanza di negligenza, e assenza di virus, sia che si presume possano insorgere ai sensi di legge, in ragione della consuetudine o utilizzo commerciale, o nel corso di negoziazioni. Senza limitare la generalità di quanto precede, Epic, i suoi licenziatari e i rispettivi affiliati non rilasciano alcuna garanzia che (1) il Software o i Servizi funzioneranno correttamente, (2) il Software o i Servizi soddisferanno i requisiti dell’utente, (3) il funzionamento del Software o dei Servizi sia continuo, privo di bug o privo di errori in alcune o tutte le circostanze, o che (4) eventuali difetti del Software o dei Servizi possano essere o saranno corretti. Qualsiasi garanzia contro la violazione che può essere disposta nella Sezione 2-312 dell’Uniform Commercial Code o in qualsiasi altra normativa equipollente è espressamente esclusa. Epic, i suoi licenziatari e i loro rispettivi affiliati non garantiscono il funzionamento continuo, privo di errori e di virus, né l’esecuzione o l’accesso sicuri al Software o ai Servizi. Il presente paragrafo si applica nella misura massima consentita dalla legge applicabile.

Nella misura massima consentita dalla legge applicabile, né Epic, né i suoi licenziatari, né alcuno dei loro rispettivi affiliati, né alcuno dei fornitori di servizi di Epic (collettivamente, le “Parti di Epic”), sarà responsabile in alcun modo a fronte di qualsiasi perdita di profitti o danni indiretti, incidentali, consequenziali, speciali, punitivi o esemplari derivanti da o in relazione al presente Contratto o Software (incluso qualsiasi Valuta di Gioco o Contenuto) o Servizi, o il ritardo o l'impossibilità di usare o mancanza di funzionalità del Software o dei Servizi, anche in caso di colpa di una Parte di Epic, illecito civile (inclusa la negligenza), responsabilità oggettiva, indennità, responsabilità da prodotto, violazione di contratto, violazione di garanzia o di altra natura e anche qualora una Parte di Epic sia stata informata della possibilità di tali danni. Inoltre, nella misura massima consentita dalla legge applicabile, la responsabilità complessiva delle Parti di Epic derivante da o in relazione a il presente Contratto o Software (incluso qualsiasi Valuta di Gioco o Contenuto) o Servizi non supererà gli eventuali importi totali versati dall’utente a Epic per il Software (incluso qualsiasi Valuta di Gioco o Contenuto) durante i dodici (12) mesi immediatamente precedenti agli eventi che hanno dato origine a tale responsabilità. Le presenti limitazioni ed esclusioni relative ai danni si applicano anche qualora qualsiasi rimedio non dovesse fornire un risarcimento adeguato.

Fermo restando quanto sopra, alcuni paesi, stati, province o altre giurisdizioni non consentono l’esclusione di determinate garanzie o la limitazione di responsabilità secondo quanto precedentemente esposto, pertanto i termini di cui sopra potrebbero non essere applicabili all’utente. Al contrario, in tali giurisdizioni, le esclusioni e le limitazioni di cui sopra si applicano soltanto nella misura consentita dalle leggi di tali giurisdizioni. Inoltre, l’utente potrebbe godere di ulteriori diritti nella propria giurisdizione, e nulla di quanto disposto nel presente Contratto pregiudicherà i diritti stabiliti dalla legge di cui l’utente potrebbe disporre in qualità di consumatore del Software o dei Servizi.

9. Indennizzo

L'utente accetta di risarcire, pagare i costi di difesa di, e tenere Epic, i suoi licenziatari e i loro rispettivi affiliati, dipendenti, funzionari, dirigenti, agenti, fornitori e altri rappresentanti indenni da tutti i reclami, richieste, azioni, perdite, responsabilità e spese (ivi compresi gli oneri legali, i costi e gli oneri dei periti) derivanti da o in relazione a (a) qualsiasi reclamo che, se valido, costituirebbe una violazione da parte dell’utente del presente Contratto o una negligenza da parte dello stesso, o (b) qualsiasi atto od omissione da parte dell’utente nell’utilizzo del Software(incluso qualsiasi Valuta di Gioco o Contenuto) o Servizi. L’utente si impegna a rimborsare Epic su richiesta per gli eventuali costi di difesa sostenuti da Epic, nonché per gli eventuali pagamenti effettuati o le perdite subite da Epic, sia nell’ambito di una sentenza del tribunale o di composizione, sulla base di qualsiasi questione oggetto della presente Sezione 9.

Qualora all’utente sia vietato per legge di assumersi l’obbligo di indennizzo di cui sopra, lo stesso assume, nei limiti consentiti dalla legge, qualsiasi responsabilità a fronte di tutti i reclami, le richieste, azioni, perdite, responsabilità e spese (ivi compresi gli oneri legali, i costi e gli oneri dei periti) che costituiscono l’oggetto dichiarato dell’obbligo di indennizzo di cui sopra.

10. Risoluzione

Senza alcuna limitazione a qualsiasi altro diritto di Epic, il presente Contratto sarà automaticamente risolto senza preavviso qualora l’utente non dovesse rispettare uno qualsiasi dei suoi termini e condizioni. Inoltre, l’utente ha anche la facoltà di risolvere il presente Contratto eliminando il Software. All’atto di qualsiasi risoluzione, la Licenza sarà automaticamente risolta, l’utente non potrà più esercitare alcuno dei diritti concessi allo stesso dalla Licenza e avrà l’obbligo di distruggere tutte le copie del Software in suo possesso.

Salvo che nella misura prevista dalla legge, i pagamenti e i corrispettivi non sono rimborsabili in alcun caso, a prescindere che il presente Contratto sia risolto o meno.

Le Sezioni 2, 5-13 e 15-17 sopravvivranno a qualsiasi risoluzione del presente Contratto.

11. Diritto Applicabile e Giurisdizione

L’utente conviene che il presente Contratto sarà considerato stipulato e sottoscritto nello Stato della Carolina del Nord, Stati Uniti d’America, e che qualsiasi controversia sarà risolta in conformità con le leggi della Carolina del Nord, escluso il corpo normativo relativo alla scelta delle leggi, e degli Stati Uniti d'America. Qualsiasi azione o procedimento giudiziario promosso per far valere i termini del presente Contratto o giudicare qualsiasi controversia deve essere instaurato presso la Corte Superiore di Wake County, Stato della Carolina del Nord, o presso la Corte Distrettuale degli Stati Uniti per il Distretto Orientale della Carolina del Nord. L’utente accetta la giurisdizione esclusiva di tali tribunali. L’utente rinuncia a qualsiasi pretesa di “forum non conveniens” e a qualsiasi diritto a un processo con giuria. La Convenzione sulla vendita internazionale di beni non troverà applicazione. Qualsiasi legge o norma che prevede che la lingua di un contratto debba essere interpretata a sfavore del predisponente non si applica al presente Contratto.

12. Rinuncia all’Azione Collettiva

L’utente accetta di non instaurare o partecipare a un’azione collettiva o rappresentativa, a un'azione generale con un legale privato o a un arbitrato collettivo in relazione al Software (incluso qualsiasi Valuta di Gioco o Contenuti) o a Servizi o al presente Contratto. Inoltre, l’utente si impegna a non tentare di combinare qualsiasi azione o arbitrato in relazione al Software o ai Servizi al presente Contratto con qualsiasi altra azione o arbitrato senza il consenso di tutte le parti del presente Contratto e tutte le altre azioni o arbitrati.

13. Questioni Governative Statunitensi

Il Software è un “Articolo Commerciale” (come definito al titolo 48 del C.F.R. §2.101) e consiste in un “Software Informatico Commerciale” e nella “Documentazione del Software Informatico Commerciale” (come utilizzati nel titolo 48 del C.F.R. §12.212 o nel titolo 48 del C.F.R. §227.7202, a seconda dei casi). Il Software è concesso in licenza agli utenti finali del Governo statunitense esclusivamente come Articolo Commerciale e soltanto con i diritti concessi ad altri licenziatari ai sensi del presente Contratto.

L’utente dichiara e garantisce a Epic di non trovarsi in un paese soggetto a un embargo del governo statunitense o designato dal governo degli Stati Uniti come un paese “che sostiene il terrorismo” e di non essere presente in alcuna delle liste del governo statunitense di soggetti vietati o limitati.

14. Modifiche del presente Contratto

Epic potrebbe distribuire un Contratto modificato, le Condizioni di servizio o l’Informativa sulla privacy in qualsiasi momento a sua discrezione pubblicando il Contratto modificato, le Condizioni di servizio o l’Informativa sulla privacy sul proprio sito o fornendo all’utente l’accesso digitale alle versioni modificate di uno qualsiasi di questi documenti al momento del suo successivo accesso al Software. Qualora l’utente non dovesse accettare qualsivoglia modifica del presente Contratto, lo stesso ha la facoltà di risolvere il presente Contratto e avrà l’obbligo di interrompere l’utilizzo del Software. Continuando a utilizzare il Software, l’utente dimostra la propria accettazione del Contratto modificato e delle Condizioni di servizio nonché riconosce di aver letto l’Informativa sulla privacy modificata.

15. Nessuna Cessione

L’utente non è autorizzato, senza il preventivo consenso scritto di Epic, a cedere, trasferire, addebitare o subappaltare tutti o alcuni dei propri diritti od obblighi previsti ai sensi del presente Contratto, e qualsiasi tentativo senza tale consenso sarà privo di validità ed efficacia. Se le limitazioni al trasferimento del Software nel presente Contratto non sono applicabili ai sensi della legge del paese dell’utente, allora il presente Contratto sarà vincolante nei confronti di qualsiasi destinatario del Software. Epic potrebbe in qualsiasi momento cedere, trasferire, addebitare o subappaltare tutti o alcuni dei propri diritti od obblighi previsti ai sensi del presente Contratto.

16. Definizioni

Ai fini del presente Contratto, le seguenti parole in maiuscolo assumeranno il seguente significato:

“Cheat Detection” indica la funzionalità utilizzata per identificare gli Imbrogli.

“Imbrogli” indica i programmi o altri processi che potrebbero fornire ai giocatori un vantaggio concorrenziale sleale nel Software.

“Informazioni Riservate” indica tutte le informazioni non di pubblico dominio relative al Software, ivi comprese, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, le informazioni relative al gioco o altri contenuti, la Valuta di Gioco, i Contenuti, i Servizi, i feedback e commenti dell’utente e i feedback o commenti di qualsiasi altro licenziatario del Software o di qualsiasi rappresentante Epic.

“Contenuti” indica tutti gli articoli virtuali o gli altri contenuti che Epic mette a disposizione dell’utente per consentirne l’accesso o il download attraverso o in relazione al Software.

“Epic” indica, a seconda di dove si trova la residenza principale dell’utente:

a. Epic Games, Inc., una Corporation nel Maryland con sede principale presso Box 254, 2474 Walnut Street, Cary, Carolina del Nord, 27518, Stati Uniti; o

b. Epic Games International S.à r.l., una Société à Responsibilité Limitée del Lussemburgo, con sede presso Atrium Business Park, 33 rue du Puits Romain, L8070 Bertrange, Gran Ducato del Lussemburgo, agente per conto della sua succursale svizzera, con sede principale presso Lindenstrasse 16, 6340 Baar, Svizzera.

“Feedback” indica qualsiasi feedback o suggerimento fornito a Epic dall’utente per quanto riguarda il Software, i Servizi o altri prodotti e servizi di Epic.

“Servizi” indica qualsiasi servizio è reso disponibile attraverso il Software, incluso servizi per acquisire, mantenere e usare Valuta di Gioco e Contenuti.

“Software” indica l'applicazione software di proprietà conosciuta come Fortnite, e qualsiasi patch, aggiornamenti e miglioramenti all'applicazione, e tutti i contenuti e documentazione relativi resi disponibili all'utente da parte di Epic secondo il presente Contratto, incluso codice del software, titoli, temi, oggetti, personaggi, nomi, dialogo, tormentoni, località, storie, grafica, animazione, concetti, suoni, effetti audiovisivi, metodi di funzionamento e composizioni musicali relativi all'applicazione e qualsiasi copia delle precedenti. Il Software include Valuta di Gioco e Contenuti per cui si è pagato il costo associato o in altro modo acquisito una licenza secondo la Sezione 4.

17. Disposizioni Generali

Il presente Contratto e qualsiasi documento o informazione di cui al presente Contratto costituiscono l’intero accordo tra l'utente ed Epic in relazione alla materia oggetto del presente Contratto. Sono escluse tutte le altre comunicazioni, proposte e dichiarazioni in relazione alla materia oggetto del presente Contratto.

L’originale del presente Contratto è in lingua inglese; qualsiasi traduzione viene fornita esclusivamente a scopo di riferimento. L’utente rinuncia a qualsiasi diritto di cui potrebbe godere ai sensi della legge del proprio paese di far redigere o interpretare il presente Contratto nella lingua di qualsiasi altro paese.

Il presente Contratto descrive determinati diritti. L’utente potrebbe godere di altri diritti ai sensi delle leggi della propria giurisdizione. Il presente Contratto non modifica i diritti dell’utente ai sensi delle leggi della propria giurisdizione se tali leggi non lo consentono. Le limitazioni e le esclusioni di garanzie e rimedi nel presente Contratto potrebbero non essere applicabili all’utente dal momento che la sua giurisdizione potrebbe non consentirle nelle sue circostanze specifiche. Qualora talune disposizioni del presente Contratto dovessero essere considerate inapplicabili da un tribunale o da un organo giurisdizionale competente, tali disposizioni devono essere applicate esclusivamente nella misura massima consentita ai sensi della legge applicabile e le restanti condizioni del presente Contratto rimarranno in pieno vigore ed effetto.

Qualsiasi atto di Epic volto all’esercizio, o il mancato o ritardato esercizio di uno qualsiasi dei suoi diritti ai sensi del presente Contratto, in base alla legge o in via equitativa non sarà considerato una rinuncia di questi o altri diritti o rimedi disponibili per contratto, in base alla legge o in via equitativa.

L’utente conviene che il presente Contratto non conferisce alcun diritto o rimedio a qualsiasi soggetto diverso dalle parti del presente Contratto, fatto salvo per quanto espressamente dichiarato.

Gli obblighi di Epic sono soggetti alle leggi e ai procedimenti legali esistenti, ed Epic potrebbe osservare l’applicazione della legge o soddisfare le richieste o i requisiti normativi nonostante qualsiasi termine contrario stabilito nel presente Contratto.

---
## [ydirson/gl-streaming](https://github.com/ydirson/gl-streaming)@[d4ecc86950...](https://github.com/ydirson/gl-streaming/commit/d4ecc8695064caa0a0b59f7a64fc41ccf84a26a6)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 21:13:53 by Yann Dirson

WIP clientegl: switch eglGetProcAddress away from dlsym()

Using dlsym(NULL) was catching symbol from any LD_PRELOAD instead of
ours, causing apitrace to abort (because we're returning its own
wrappers).

FIXME: this is still the case!!

It's not easy to write portable code to restrict dlsym() to our shared
lib, so we could instead add a hopefully-unique __GLS_ prefix to make
the lookup more reliable, but it would require to have __GLS_ aliases
for builtin API functions... and this causes headaches to eg. glmark2
when it uses eglGetProcAddress on builtin functions (the
SIGSEGV-shaped kind of headache).  Not to mention that writing the
aliases was painful, and that a sane code generator for them was going
to require the same reworks you now see in the preceding commits...

... rather than making an arguably dirty hack work, doing our own
lookup and properly using only static functions for extensions is Just
Better(tm).

---
## [MillionConcepts/lhorizon](https://github.com/MillionConcepts/lhorizon)@[009eb397dc...](https://github.com/MillionConcepts/lhorizon/commit/009eb397dc750a6ff1d8d43abefcf893f4f3677d)
#### Sunday 2021-09-05 22:09:44 by Stefano Bertone

Paper review

Other open remarks/questions:
- `_Horizons_ is the only system in the world that provides...`: not really, other interfaces exist, such as https://ssp.imcce.fr/forms/ephemeris (and others under https://ssp.imcce.fr/forms ) or http://iaaras.ru/en/dept/ephemeris/online/ . The statement could be "weakened" (here and else in the text, e.g., "_Horizons_ is one of the main providers of" or "among few providers of ... in the world.") to make it a bit fairer to other groups.
- "_Horizons_ is high-precision": what does "high precision" mean?
- "has the capability to produce corrected positions": what does "corrected" mean here? "corrected" of what effects/errors/etc?
- "had experienced bitrot" : this is slang and at least I don't understand it
- "JPL is the most authoritative producer of solar system ephemerides": again, this is arbitrary and should be weakened to "one of the few", "one of the most", etc... Several institutes in the world provide ephemerides of comparable accuracy and relevance, notably JPL produces DE, IMCCE produces INPOP (the french/european ephemeris), and the RAS produces EPM (Russian ephemeris). At least the first 2 are regularly used in the framework of space missions.
- "“simple” quantities like the solar angle": which angle? azimuth? elevation? maybe "solar angleS" would easily solve this.
- "also collecting the appropriate data files, called “kernels.”: I know by experience that this is often tricky, but wouldn't your package also get into the same trouble? The examples have pre-loaded kernels, but they are still based on the same set of input data as spice. If you found a way to automatically load dependencies for the high-level kernels, this should definitely be highlighted more (it would be awesome!!).
- "automatically-generated kernels": what do you mean here?
- "up to tens of millions of kernels": did you really count them? All version summed together? :) Anyway, the sentence was extremely redundant.
- as a general remark, I think the paragraph about SPICE was way too harsh and colloquial. Also, it's hard to defend subjective statement such as "extremely high barrier" or "is difficult for planetary scientists and specialized engineers" (it's not, after you get accustomed to it, as for most software packages). I get your point (mostly), but the language needed amendments (mine in this PR is just a suggestion).
- "it cover more sites": what does this mean? which "sites"?
- "geometry data": it would be good to define this somewhere (rather early in the text), as it's somehow the focus and might be unclear to general readers/users. Also, I'm not sure whether "geometry data" or "geometric data" or "geometry" (e.g., of an observation) would be the correct terminology.
- Other Related Work: references to the (very much active) CALCEPH library (https://www.imcce.fr/inpop/calceph/ for C, fortran, python, Matlab interfaces) is missing.

---

# [<](2021-09-04.md) 2021-09-05 [>](2021-09-06.md)

