# [<](2021-10-20.md) 2021-10-21 [>](2021-10-22.md)

1,051,370 events, 580,660 push events, 918,118 commit messages, 75,390,234 characters


## [CRImier/NGFF](https://github.com/CRImier/NGFF)@[6de452ee9c...](https://github.com/CRImier/NGFF/commit/6de452ee9c02158c48c4a3a0d7ebffa9003f8702)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 01:17:29 by CRImier

United keying information; added G key; able to do A+E keying now

I removed unused keying dictionary parameters - R,S,T,U,W,X,Y,Z.
I then united keyingSecond and keyingFirst into one dictionaries,
inverted V calculation for secondKey and then inverted V (KeyCenter) parameter
so that key offset parameters would be the same direction for all keys.

Generating A+E card with "E" as first and "A" as second results in garbage.
I also added sanity check logic that checks the key alphabetic order
and reverses them if needed. I tried to read into the logic but it was
a bit too much for my brain, sorry.

The script works identically, from my testing, and I was finally able to
generate A+E key for my project, adding this A+E key to the repo as well.
You can now generate more wacky keys like E+M, thankfully, not seen
in the wild and likely useless.

I also added G key, just in case someone needs it in the future,
G key sockets are available, after all.

---
## [jupyterkat/austation](https://github.com/jupyterkat/austation)@[1dd17172da...](https://github.com/jupyterkat/austation/commit/1dd17172dac53fff691d66dc725c362a9e96e756)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 05:32:52 by DrDuckedGoose

Traitor Botany Additions - Gympie Gympie  (#4239)

* Adds the inital plant dm and adds the path to hydroponics

* Adds the gympie mob

* adds gympie seeds to hacked seed vendors

* adds icons for gympie content

* adds gympie to transform procs

* idk I hate paths

* includes, dummy

* muh extras

* It's now a traitor item folks!

The boys at HR says it's too 'griefy'

* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyvQ48V7LAQ

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyvQ48V7LAQ

---
## [petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-ui-turbo](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-ui-turbo)@[b46cefc935...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-ui-turbo/commit/b46cefc935fcdb637cedeb1134737231a3e34a3a)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 06:31:10 by petrero

20.1. Turbo Frames: Lazy Frames

  Time to move on to part two of Turbo: Turbo frames. This is a brand new feature - it did not exist in the old Turbolinks library. To put it simply, Turbo frames allow you to treat part of your page, well, basically like an iframe! If you've never worked with iframes or IE6, I'm jealous. Turbo frames are a native, non-weird way to get the goodness of iframes... without actually using iframes, which are a pain in the butt.

  Imagine that this category sidebar were inside a Turbo frame. If it were, you could click these links or even submit forms and only the frame's content would change: the rest of the page would be unaffected.

  Frames are super cool, but I do want us to keep something in mind: they're an "extra" feature. Turbo Drive gives us the single page app experience. Frames give us the ability to make the user experience even better. But using frames does mean that you'll need to write some extra code. Frames are form of progressive enhancement... which basically means that you should get your site working first, then come back to see where a tool like Turbo frames can enhance it further.

  The 2 Use Cases for Frames
  - Ok, so there are basically 2 use-cases for Turbo frames. The first is what we just talked about: you want navigation in just one area of your page to happen inside that area without affecting the rest of your page.

  The second use-case is when you want a part of your page to load lazily. Literally, an area of your site would be empty on page load... then that Turbo frame would make an Ajax call to populate itself.

  Upgrading to the Latest Turbo
  - Before we jump into an example, I'm going to find my terminal and run:

    yarn upgrade @hotwired/turbo
  As a reminder @hotwired/turbo, is a normal library and you can find it in the package.json file.
  This line was added automatically when we installed the symfony/ux-turbo PHP package, but we have complete control over managing its version. When I originally downloaded it, I got version beta.5. The latest version at the time of recording, which you can see over here, is beta.7. Not a lot has changed between the two versions, but there was one tweak to how JavaScript works in frames that I want to get.

---
## [petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-ui-turbo](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-ui-turbo)@[367e4fac93...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-ui-turbo/commit/367e4fac937d13fefd803b824404ff6d857c5eaa)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 06:31:10 by petrero

23.2. Reliably Load External JS with Stimulus

  The Weather Widget JavaScript is not Always Reinitialized
  - So... this would fix one problem... but not our bigger problem. To see that one, over on the product page, below the sidebar, I want to add a second weather widget. Open the template for this page: templates/product/index.html.twig. Oh, but actually, the sidebar is in productBase.html.twig.

  Cool: right here, I'm going to add <turbo-frame> with id="weather_widget" - to match the id that we've been using so far - and src="{{ path('app_weather') }}".

  Try it! Refresh and... bah! It works - but I put it in the wrong spot! I meant to put it in the <aside>. Let's try that again. Refresh now and... beautiful.

  Now scroll to the footer. It's busted! Hmm... the turbo frame did its job - the HTML is here - but the JavaScript didn't initialize! What happened?

  Let's remember how this is supposed to work... because it's getting kind of complicated. On page load, or really, anytime that the weather JavaScript is first executed, it adds a <script> tag to the page, which downloads an external JavaScript file. That JavaScript finds any elements on the page with a weatherwidget-io class and initializes the weather widget inside of them.

  But... when we surf to another page, this external JavaScript file is not re-executed... because this function is smart enough to not add the same script tag multiple times. We hit this problem earlier. To fix it, back in turbo-helper.js, we added this __weatherwidget_init() code, which is executed on turbo:render. So basically, each time Turbo renders the page, we call __weatherwidget_init() and that reinitializes the weather widget for that page.

  This worked great when the only way that a weather widget tag could be added to a page was as a result of a Turbo Drive navigation. But now, this tag is sometimes loaded onto the page via Ajax by a Turbo Frame... and that does not trigger the turbo:render event... because we're not rendering a full page. In other words, when a Turbo frame loads, nothing is calling the __weatherwidget_init() function!

  If you're watching really closely, you might be wondering how the weather widget in this lazy frame was ever working... since we were never calling the __weatherwidget_init() function after it loaded. It worked simply thanks to some smart code that lives inside that function. If you looked at the external JavaScript in detail - which we did a bit earlier - you would see that when you call the __weatherwidget_init() function, if it does not find any weatherwidget-io elements on the page, it automatically recalls itself every 1.5 seconds until it finds one. This... almost accidentally... made sure that once our lazy frame in the footer loaded, the JavaScript was initialized within 1.5 seconds. But... it wasn't a very robust solution, and it stopped working as soon as there was a second widget on the page that loaded earlier.

  So let's fix all of this and simplify our code a bunch... because it took way too long to explain how this has been barely working.

  How can we improve this? By creating a Stimulus controller! I know, this tutorial is about Turbo... but since Turbo really works best when you have no inline script tags, let's see how Stimulus could help us manage this external JavaScript.

---
## [ArtemisStation/artemis-tg](https://github.com/ArtemisStation/artemis-tg)@[6fedb21394...](https://github.com/ArtemisStation/artemis-tg/commit/6fedb2139419735b334d37ccf274ff285c9d8b6f)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 09:13:02 by IndieanaJones

Lets Player-Controlled Monkeys Make Noise When Using *Screech (#62206)

This PR lets player-controlled monkeys make screeching noises using *screech.

Under the hood, this PR also adds a new proc to emotes called, should_play_sound. What this does by default is the same check run_emote used to do with only_forced_audio, but now that it's in a proc you can override it if you want to. Though, let's be real here, this is only going to get used for this PR because the only reason you'd want to bypass that check is if you're doing something for monkeys. The amount of extremely specific circumstances which even warranted something like this could only stem from some stupid monkey/alien specific crap anyway, BUT JUST IN CASE YOU NEED IT, here it is.

Considering all the screeching AI monkeys do, it's a big shame that currently player monkeys can't do similar. 

Considering that monkeys are valid salad and that AI monkeys already screech a lot anyway, I don't think letting players get in on the fun is a bad idea. If need be, we can just tune up the sound cooldown on *screech but I don't think it's really that abusable to begin with.

Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [kiara101/kiara-](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-)@[775eaec980...](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-/commit/775eaec980eae5131a4cdd2f1545d77dbcdd1dca)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 09:50:37 by kiara101

6 Hacks to deal with Disappointment

Dealing with disappointment is what each one of us wants. Everyone gets disappointed in life. It hurts a lot; it gives us a lot of negative thoughts. Especially in the pandemic time, when we weren’t allowed to spend festivals with our loved ones, most of us were alone on Diwali, Thanksgiving, Christmas, Holi, and so many other occasions. The emotion of disappointment traveled down in everyone’s mind.

Get amazing outfit ideas at https://smashmart.in/

---
## [xtdb/xtdb](https://github.com/xtdb/xtdb)@[970bbe8e2a...](https://github.com/xtdb/xtdb/commit/970bbe8e2af1bd5012a328d6fe2100fee19eaac0)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 11:41:50 by Steven Deobald

v2.xtdb.com

v2.xtdb.com - new antora playbook for Antora v3 and new docs build

v2.xtdb.com - new antora playbook for Antora v3 and new docs build

Antora build: all branches correct, forced pkg.json update

Search: configuration required for search in docs.xtdb.com

New deploy script for docs.xtdb.com

Correcting site.url in Antora playbook

Removing stale blog playbook

Learn | Resources: moving pages

Learn | Resources: adding missing antora file

"Benchmarks" is now "Performance"

Learn | Resources: titles corrected

Learn: Articles are now Concepts, Howtos are now Guides

Learn: organizing Guides and Tutorials

delete "articles"

delete "support", "training", and "community"

Revert "delete "support", "training", and "community""

This reverts commit 46007aa33ca50a2c43c4b70a373d3484775bd8a0.

Revert "delete "articles""

This reverts commit 68f7645e5e84c738e74cecac7f9a9dc783b543db.

For `website-old`: Community page is back

For `website-old`: Articles page is back

Indexes: Home, Tutorials, Guides, Concepts, Resources

- adding an index doc for the "Home" (main) component, which will
  allow users to self-host the docs in a nice way.
- adding index adocs so users aren't launched into the first doc
  arbitrarily when they navigate to a particular component.

Docs | Persistence Stores - done

Docs | Integrations - done

Docs | Operations | Configuring - done..ish

- There are some broken links here and this re-org wasn't trivial
  like the others so I'm keeping this in its own commit.

Docs  | Operations - done

Removing tmp file in favour of `--output text`

...but I think I still prefer the temp file.

Docs | API Reference - done

Docs | Query Reference - done, but Datalog section is ~broken

Fixing SQL docs: accidentally split 'reference'

- SQL docs are now across to locations: 'integrations' and 'query
  reference'

Docs: set antora to generate URLs without index.html at the end

Docs: set cache-header to files while deploying to S3

Hide "main" component from the nav bar

- custom template is required because Antora does not support this
  by default

"Query Reference" => "Language Reference"

"API Reference" => "Clients"

Removing Public Beta page

"Operations" => "Administration"

"Persistence Stores" => "Storage"

Copying images into their respective new locations

Fixing all errors and warnings (save 1) on Antora 3 build

Docs: runs antora build with CI=true

Only in this mode antora computes correct edit page URLs from the
GIT repo.

Docs: Images in the articles are visible

- Removes `?sanitize=true` image paths. It breaks Antora's resourse
  handler.

Docs: removes unused page-layout and page-nav attributes

adds stylesheet to style docs generated with javadocs

CI: update javadoc command to use custom stylesheets

Fix: javadocs on iOS get zoomed in when search field is activated

Building the JavaDocs breaks on JDK 8 - increasing to JDK 17

* see: https://github.com/xtdb/website/issues/47
* The weird path ('/clients/java') is because we need to pass the
  entire query string down to JavaDoc and if we trim the path, the
  query params are removed. Thus we need both.
* Ignoring the output dir for local builds

Removing comment about which components show up in the nav

* @saneef came up with a fix :)

docs - rename Integrations section to Extensions

Push OpenAPI / Swagger docs to new S3 bucket

Fix: "Integrations" => "Extensions"

Old Docs: putting `howto` back

1.19.0! :rocket:

Rebasing from master @ 1.19.0 release

Old Docs: putting `howto` back

* This shouldn't have been a rename in the first place... my bad.

Old Docs: merging back in all old content

* image URLs are corrected to render properly (no 'sanitize=true')

Old Docs: putting solutions, tutorials back && page aliases

* we don't need the new names for "bibliography" and "perf" in the
  old 'articles' component

[WIP] Test commit to see if the Old Docs still work when uncommented

[WIP] Old Docs: reordering stubs so they match `website-old` config

Trying to compare `antora-playbook.yml` between the two repos is
getting dizzying at this time of night. This is just a little easier.

Old Docs: Removing "solutions" and adding the main/index stub

* the main/index.adoc can have both the frontmatter required for the
  old website to render AND the new index with real content (hooray!)
  ....one less hack to worry about on deploy day

* there is no "solutions" stub page in the docs, only `website-old`

Old Docs: comment/uncomment hack for Antora bindles

* using the old bindle for now

Correcting link to 'xtdb-in-a-box' template project

old comment

remove old modules, update antora-playbook to be site v2

fix broken references

v2xtdbcom -> master

---
## [Silvanosky/ardupilot](https://github.com/Silvanosky/ardupilot)@[0dd5aea5b7...](https://github.com/Silvanosky/ardupilot/commit/0dd5aea5b7dd6f292a7dd65614a769ea53259f28)
#### Thursday 2021-10-21 15:25:37 by Buzz

AP_MSP: new fully-tested HAL layer for esp32 including support for ...

AP_Compass: add support for  ICM20948 I2C variant and rename existing one as SPI variant
AP_Filesystem: add ESP32 support
AP_GPS:  reduce warnings in compilers by ensuring constants are seen as float.
spi bus, i2c bus ,uarts , sdcard , serial and usb uarts, serial-over-wifi, rc-in-ppm , rc-out servo x6 , etc
AP_HAL:  esp32 support for 3x board types
AP_InertialSensor:  esp32 tweaks, including adding NONE INS and making the absence of an INS non-fatal.
AP_Logger:  longer timeout for esp32 under freertos
AP_Math:  esp32 with idf defines MIN and MAX differently, so we must undef first
AP_OSD: alternative OSD type with Internal / embedded symbols.
Tools: add esp32 support
esp32 Util.h and Util.cpp
AnalogIn: Removing blank space at end of line (sorry)
SdCard: fix the spi driver mount call
Util: comment safety in utils since not implemented yet in RCoutput
AP_NavEKF: remove abort call
esp32:  imu orientation support
esp32: analog pins support
Scheduler: support
Util: remove empty trailing spaces (sorry I hate those)
Util: re use esp-idf heap management utils and prepare malloc depending on type but iram not usable
WiFi: Add udp wifi module and select in board with HAL_ESP32_WIFI_UDP
Wifi: edit define/s to just use the value
AP_OSD: remove warning by checking correct range
RCOutput: add safety pwm and watchdog reset status in util
Util: add dma malloc safe allocation
ESP32Diy: add new board types
mount of MMC sdcards
set the default logging backend to log-to-flash
support mavlink-over-wifi  with either UDP or TCP. ( udp is a bit slow)
more useful comments in buzz's board header
temporarily disable watchdogs for now
WAF ESP32: --upload works
add notes to this tool on how to build/run it.
started on code integrate a set of default params, not working yet, so disabled by default - this now  can run apj_tool.py on the .bin file before flashing it.(  corrupts .bin, so not used)
        # (752) esp_image: Checksum failed. Calculated 0xd3 read 0xa3
        # (752) boot: OTA app partition slot 0 is not bootable
        # (753) esp_image: image at 0x200000 has invalid magic byte
        # (759) boot_comm: mismatch chip ID, expected 0, found 65535
        # (766) boot_comm: can't run on lower chip revision, expected 1, found 255
        # (773) esp_image: image at 0x200000 has invalid SPI mode 255
        # (779) esp_image: image at 0x200000 has invalid SPI size 15
        # (786) boot: OTA app partition slot 1 is not bootable
        # (792) boot: No bootable app partitions in the partition table

HAL_ESP32: Add 1st uart and and 3nd esp32 uart
notes on backup and restore of ardupilot storage area as .bin
random attempts to improve the throughput of parameter fetching
filesystem debug on esp32 and rename it to a less common name
scheduler debug cleanup
esp_idf assumes undefined #defines evaluate to 0 -  we put  these #defines to a place that in't board-specific
buzz's board defines and comments
cleanup DeviceBus debug
buzzs board uses tcp till udp thruput is improved
WIFI_UDP: Use the ip broadcast to send and listen packets
WIFI UDP: use select to wait for reads
WIFI_UDP: add semaphore and init efore thread
HAL_ESP32: remove old files
Waf: change build system to build esp-idf with cmake and correct embedding
ESP-IDF: using version to 4.2
esp32 waf:  idf and hal use cmake build system
esp32 readme: Update command list, use python3
[ADD][TCP] add a macro variable to set maximum number of simultaneous connections
esp32:sempahore: clean semaphores
esp32: sdkconfig: remove old and increasing falsh spe
esp32: rcout: check initialised
edit: sdkconfig: ignored argument
esp32: partition: remove ota feature and increase flash to 2M
edit: fix scheduler since sleep < 1ms is handled as 1ms by FreeRTOS
edit: i2c: add i2c software bitbanging instead of hardware, can choose
edit: update to use AP::RC() instead of own instance. Will try to fix startup connection with frsky r9
edit: fix binary compilation
edit: change i2c bitbanging driver to riot OS one
rm: old bitbanging i2c driver (too slow)
edit: module/esp_idf: use version 4.2
edit: uart/i2c: fix uart rx not working, make i2c first software and external hardware, lower freertos to 500Hz to lower overhead and try out
edit: sdcard: automount before autpilot start and fix for sdspi, need better work for shared spi with sdcard
Author: Charles Villard <charlesvillard10@gmail.com>
Author: Buzz <davidbuzz@gmail.com>

---

# [<](2021-10-20.md) 2021-10-21 [>](2021-10-22.md)

