# [<](2021-10-15.md) 2021-10-16 [>](2021-10-17.md)

1,300,090 events, 801,420 push events, 1,098,974 commit messages, 65,082,393 characters


## [HanshenWang/project-isidore](https://github.com/HanshenWang/project-isidore)@[9e4c17c700...](https://github.com/HanshenWang/project-isidore/commit/9e4c17c700d5bf54f1be5e06b60610e200ad8b02)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 00:13:03 by Hanshen Wang

Refactor: Move from XHTML to HTML5 document formatting

I do think I enjoy history more than programming. CL-WHO uses XHTML by default,
and so we switch to HTML5 for access to some feature tags like <video> etc. Who
doesn't want to adhere to web standards?

From /u/remy_porter @ https://old.reddit.com/r/webdev/comments/2qxxu1/html5_vs_xhtml/

In the beginning was SGML, the Standard Generalized Markup Language. SGML was
powerful, and people said, "Hey, can we use this for document layout?" And thus
was born HTML. A different group of people said, "Hey, can we use this for data
storage? With validating schemas?" And thus was born XML.

XML and HTML were both children of SGML, but they existed to fulfill very
different purposes. HTML was designed to be sloppy and forgiving. At no point
should a poorly written HTML document fail to render something, even if what it
renders is inaccurate and awful. It was a presentational tool, not a data tool.

XML on the other hand, as a data tool, was meant to be much more strict. A
poorly formed XML document would simply fail to load. An XML document that
didn't map to its schema would chuck out all sorts of ugly errors.

In the early 2000s, XML was all the rage. The aftermath of the browser wars left
us all struggling to write sites that actually worked, and so some people said,
"What if we made a subset of XML that looks like HTML, but has to be well formed
and validate against a schema?" And thus XHTML was born.

Let's recap that geneology real quick. SGML begat XML and HTML. XML begat XHTML.
XHTML was meant to look like HTML, but it is not, itself, descended from HTML.
The parsers were much simpler to build, because the language was much more
strict, but nobody was going to rebuild their sites to take advantage of it, so
everybody still needed the less strict (and more complex) HTML parser, so
really, XHTML didn't change anything.

Fast forward to HTML5. HTML5 is not specified as a descendant of SGML anymore.
It mostly supports an HTML-style or XHTML-style syntax, and doesn't particularly
care which is which, however it does have a subspecification for XHTML5, which
is meant to be HTML5 serialized in XML (for use in web services).

Now, to get to your question:

    I was wondering which language would be better these days to program in?

Neither, because they're both markup languages, not programming languages. But
for markup purposes, you should use HTML5. Whether you use XHTML-syntax or not
is up to you, but by general convention you do not.

---
## [Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest)@[e2c6f32863...](https://github.com/Ruin0x11/HarmonyTest/commit/e2c6f32863d0df33ea5e71d0612bfb9d9905b582)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 03:56:27 by Ruin0x11

Refs for Defs?

I want to hotload Defs at runtime.

I'm thinking I will not use this Ref strategy, because it makes the types harder to manage. You'd have to wrap everything that can be hotloaded in a Ref<T> and access the original copy by calling Ref<T>.Value every time.

The problem is well-defined: Only the public/private fields (not properties) should be copied between the defs. If properties were to be involved, all sorts of weird things could happen. Properties make serialization harder, so fields only were already used for def deserialization anyway.

As before, this is how I'm thinking this could be accomplished:

1. Keep all the raw XML in memory, to regenerate the final defs from. Associate each def node with its originating file.
2. When a reload is requested, go to the defset files the defs were sourced from and load them from disk again. Match the corresponding IDs to  the ones in the store.
3. Take the XML nodes corresponding to each overridden def in the theme overrides and merge them together with the original XML nodes somehow. This "merging" feature is important to get right.
4. Generate a new def instance from each merged XML node by concatting all the merged nodes into a "virtual" defset. Since each merged def is a completely new object, we don't have to worry about things like copying the entries of a Dictionary<K, V> that might arise if we were trying to deep copy things instead.
5. Find the original def in the store and copy all the public and private field values from the new instance to the original instance.
6. Increment a count on the original def indicating that it's been hotloaded.
7. Invalidate anything on the old def like cached LOVE fonts (could be done with an OnHotload() method).
8. Notify AssetDrawables that they need to be recreated. This means using an AssetManager or something to create weak references that encapsulate AssetDefs, storing all the references in the manager globally, and then sending the notification for only the AssetDrawables that need updating.

At that point, the theme system should be feature-compatible with the current iteration of ON.

---
## [ThatOneEngie354/Tom-s-borthday-thing](https://github.com/ThatOneEngie354/Tom-s-borthday-thing)@[ba3025ab91...](https://github.com/ThatOneEngie354/Tom-s-borthday-thing/commit/ba3025ab91422dca489dbf5812aaa99e8beda358)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 05:20:57 by ThatOneEngie354

New Evil School

Changed the Evil School's and UI's colors (for show), made the ambience when talking to Spirit "Spookier", added optional Game Over music and Game Over End sounds (lol sorry)

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[f09de0ead8...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/f09de0ead83c32f59655e3566895bbb113bfb523)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 05:59:36 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Fixes a few hard deletes and runtimes I either caused, or ran into when trying to fix hard deletes (#1017)

* Fixes a few hard deletes and runtimes I either caused, or ran into when trying to fix hard deletes (#61953)

Please don't try and send chat messages if you have nothing to say
Fixes a spurious runtime.
Fixes a runtime caused by my lack of understanding of huds. remove_hud_from is intended for hud watchers, remove_from_hud is intended for hud items. Doesn't really make sense most of the time, and just runtimes out the ass
Fixes a runtime in shapeshifting, restore should not run if the object is not restoring, or if it's deleting. it should run if it's not restoring, and it's not deleted. 4head
Fun fact, if there's two turret control boards they'll override each other. Use weakrefs. Oh also removes a var called cp, nothing good will come of that
Today in: Good lord the stacking machine is an afront to god, we discover that the labor claims console was attempting to act as a console, which of course fails when it comes time to clear it's improperly named var. Disgusting
Attempts to fix potential wound ref hangs in surgeries? maybe?
Fixes a runtime in luminescent stuff I created in my big harddel crusade. owner is a mob, not a species
Fixes a runtime related to headspikes deleting themselves twice. Pain
Fixes hard deletes sourced from the prophet trauma. Good fucking lord this is awful
Offhand item is somehow hard deleting. I have no idea how. Here's hoping signals fixes it, because if it doesn't I'm stumped. It's not a common scenario, but it does happen in spurts that suggest repeated usage

* Fixes a few hard deletes and runtimes I either caused, or ran into when trying to fix hard deletes

Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [avar/git](https://github.com/avar/git)@[09f607cc3c...](https://github.com/avar/git/commit/09f607cc3c7744c60f7068b90f76b6fc113cc385)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 07:18:10 by Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason

refs/files: remove "name exist?" check in lock_ref_oid_basic()

In lock_ref_oid_basic() we'll happily lock a reference that doesn't
exist yet. That's normal, and is how references are initially born,
but we don't need to retain checks here in lock_ref_oid_basic() about
the state of the ref, when what we're checking is either checked
already, or something we're about to discover by trying to lock the
ref with raceproof_create_file().

The one exception is the caller in files_reflog_expire(), who passes
us a "type" to find out if the reference is a symref or not. We can
move the that logic over to that caller, which can now defer its
discovery of whether or not the ref is a symref until it's needed. In
the preceding commit an exhaustive regression test was added for that
case in a new test in "t1417-reflog-updateref.sh".

The improved diagnostics here were added in
5b2d8d6f218 (lock_ref_sha1_basic(): improve diagnostics for ref D/F
conflicts, 2015-05-11), and then much of the surrounding code went
away recently in my 245fbba46d6 (refs/files: remove unused "errno ==
EISDIR" code, 2021-08-23).

The refs_resolve_ref_unsafe() code being removed here looks like it
should be tasked with doing that, but it's actually redundant to other
code.

The reason for that is as noted in 245fbba46d6 this once widely used
function now only has a handful of callers left, which all handle this
case themselves.

To the extent that we're racy between their check and ours removing
this check actually improves the situation, as we'll be doing fewer
things between the not-under-lock initial check and acquiring the
lock.

Why this is OK for all the remaining callers of lock_ref_oid_basic()
is noted below. There are only two of those callers:

* "git branch -[cm] <oldbranch> <newbranch>":

  In files_copy_or_rename_ref() we'll call this when we copy or rename
  refs via rename_ref() and copy_ref(). but only after we've checked
  if the refname exists already via its own call to
  refs_resolve_ref_unsafe() and refs_rename_ref_available().

  As the updated comment to the latter here notes neither of those are
  actually needed. If we delete not only this code but also
  refs_rename_ref_available() we'll do just fine, we'll just emit a
  less friendly error message if e.g. "git branch -m A B/C" would have
  a D/F conflict with a "B" file.

  Actually we'd probably die before that in case reflogs for the
  branch existed, i.e. when the try to rename() or copy_file() the
  relevant reflog, since if we've got a D/F conflict with a branch
  name we'll probably also have the same with its reflogs (but not
  necessarily, we might have reflogs, but it might not).

  As some #leftoverbits that code seems buggy to me, i.e. the reflog
  "protocol" should be to get a lock on the main ref, and then perform
  ref and/or reflog operations. That code dates back to
  c976d415e53 (git-branch: add options and tests for branch renaming,
  2006-11-28) and probably pre-dated the solidifying of that
  convention. But in any case, that edge case is not our bug or
  problem right now.

* "git reflog expire <ref>":

  In files_reflog_expire() we'll call this without previous ref
  existence checking in files-backend.c, but that code is in turn
  called by code that's just finished checking if the refname whose
  reflog we're expiring exists.

  See ae35e16cd43 (reflog expire: don't lock reflogs using previously
  seen OID, 2021-08-23) for the current state of that code, and
  5e6f003ca8a (reflog_expire(): ignore --updateref for symbolic
  references, 2015-03-03) for the code we'd break if we only did a
  "update = !!ref" here, which is covered by the aforementioned
  regression test in "t1417-reflog-updateref.sh".

Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>

---
## [MDMCK10/collab-vm-server](https://github.com/MDMCK10/collab-vm-server)@[31cb311337...](https://github.com/MDMCK10/collab-vm-server/commit/31cb311337eaf5b229c021a8bd218e4b411bad98)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 08:35:07 by modeco80

Move child process code to use a virtual interface

Kinda sucks and right now it might be a bit buggy, but, honestly
I think it's a bit better. Only a bit though

---
## [vantoman/kernel_xiaomi_sm6150](https://github.com/vantoman/kernel_xiaomi_sm6150)@[d3fb672338...](https://github.com/vantoman/kernel_xiaomi_sm6150/commit/d3fb67233857a88a43cdaeb6141e3323a3f0ad61)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 10:24:11 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Yousef Algadri <yusufgadrie@gmail.com>

---
## [pdfion/stacks-project](https://github.com/pdfion/stacks-project)@[87b4e674d2...](https://github.com/pdfion/stacks-project/commit/87b4e674d236df17bec95f4d83941bb60d2f7531)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 16:57:42 by Aise Johan de Jong

A few fixes

Thanks to Ofer Gabber (new mistakes are mine) who writes:

"Concerning the notion of locally ringed topos, which was sometimes given
imprecisely in references  ,e.g. in the book of Monique  Hakim Chap.III
Def.2.3, in spite of the attention to 0 stalks this imprecision
propagated to Tag 04ES lemma 18.39.1, where (1) and (3) hold for the
zero ring, but condition (2) with n=0 implies that if O(U) is 0 than U
admits an empty covering family,  so the conditions  are not equivalent.

In Tag 0ASN Lemma 15.98.2, condition (2) implies that R is not zero
since by convention 0 is not local,but not (1),(3), so should add that R
is nonzero.

 In Lemma 37.25.10 Tag 0ATA the intersection  of the V(I)´s should be
the union; also A should not be a field, otherwise the set {A} is a
counterexample, the mistake is  that in the end one needs that f is in
the maximal ideal, so observe that under the corrected statement there
must be a proper ideal I in S ,take f to be a nonzero element of the
maximal ideal,  was  OK in my scan.

 The following are pedantic objections to the notion of site. In
Def.7.6.2 tag 00VH ,in condition (1) it is not clear what is the one
point index set  for V---->U,  and in condition (3) it is not clear
whether we require it to hold for some choice of the fibred products (of
U_i and V over U) or for all choices. In Remark 7.47.4 Tag 00ZF it is
annoying to have Cov(C) a subset of the power set of Arrow(C), because
for the empty set one cannot determine the target object (think of the
stupid site with a discrete category where for certain objects one
admits the empty covering family) ; so may consider P(Arrow(C))xOb(C)
instead...."

---
## [BFToes/AsciiDoom](https://github.com/BFToes/AsciiDoom)@[5965ab23cc...](https://github.com/BFToes/AsciiDoom/commit/5965ab23cc4312f12588e439f8ecb3b0772486d9)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 18:30:37 by BFToes

Ahh my great nemisis
(holy fuck do i need texture filtering if im gonna use textures)
fixed bug with camera and me being dumb and stupid
added wall texture
bit of profiling has been done also

---
## [cobby363/MobileAppAssignment](https://github.com/cobby363/MobileAppAssignment)@[b21c3823f6...](https://github.com/cobby363/MobileAppAssignment/commit/b21c3823f61512afa24fc7acc5ae9d456a6161a6)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 18:36:01 by Cathal

Push 3 - up to lab:05

I have been attempting to be able to push directly from intellij but I have been having a lot of trouble with it. I am now attempting to try it with github Desktop instead and hopefully this will prove to be more of  a success. In this push, I am bringing my project up to date in accordance to lab 05: Koltin Recap. I have also began to improve my model to match more of my own video format. I still have to correct some errors which I hope to correct this evening but may have to complete tomorrow instead depending on time restraints tonight and this evening.

---
## [emoncode/cards-game](https://github.com/emoncode/cards-game)@[a921c195b5...](https://github.com/emoncode/cards-game/commit/a921c195b52c3c4ff6396a4f67a85042775cb3e5)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 21:16:44 by emoncode

Create privacy.text


      PRIVACY NOTICE Last updated October 16, 2021Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at emon code ("Company," "we," "us," or "our"). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our practices with regard to your personal information, please contact us at emon.code1@gmIL.com.This privacy notice describes how we might use your information if you:
• Download and use our mobile application — cards game
• Use our Facebook application — cards game
• Engage with us in other related ways ― including any sales, marketing, or eventsIn this privacy notice, if we refer to:
• "App," we are referring to any application of ours that references or links to this policy, including any listed above
• "Services," we are referring to our App, and other related services, including any sales, marketing, or eventsThe purpose of this privacy notice is to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. If there are any terms in this privacy notice that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Services immediately.Please read this privacy notice carefully, as it will help you understand what we do with the information that we collect.TABLE OF CONTENTS1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?4. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?Personal information you disclose to usIn Short:  We collect personal information that you provide to us.We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the App, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the App (such as by posting messages in our online forums or entering competitions, contests or giveaways) or otherwise when you contact us.The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the App, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect may include the following:Personal Information Provided by You. We collect names; phone numbers; email addresses; usernames; passwords; contact or authentication data; and other similar information.Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by google. You may find their privacy notice link(s) here: ttps://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en-GB.Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, Twitter or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?" below.All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.Information collected through our AppIn Short:  We collect information regarding your mobile device, Facebook permissions, when you use our App.If you use our App, we also collect the following information:
• Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device's calendar, storage, social media accounts,  and other features. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
• Facebook Permissions. We by default access your Facebook basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public. We may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, checkins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission. For more information regarding Facebook permissions, refer to the Facebook Permissions Reference page.This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our App, for troubleshooting and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?In Short:  We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.We use personal information collected via our App for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.We use the information we collect or receive:
• To facilitate account creation and logon process. If you choose to link your account with us to a third-party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract. See the section below headed "HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?" for further information.
• To post testimonials. We post testimonials on our App that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and the content of the testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at emon.code1@gmail.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
• Request feedback. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our App.
• To enable user-to-user communications. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user's consent.
• To manage user accounts. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?In Short:  We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.We may process or share your data that we hold based on the following legal basis:
• Consent: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
• Legitimate Interests: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
• Performance of a Contract: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
• Legal Obligations: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
• Vital Interests: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
• Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
• Other Users. When you share personal information or otherwise interact with public areas of the App, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the App in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of our App and register for our App through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our App, and view your profile.4. HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?     In Short:  If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account, we may have access to certain information about you.Our App offers you the ability to register and login using your third-party social media account details (like your Facebook or Twitter logins). Where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. The profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider concerned, but will often include your name, email address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public on such social media platform. If you login using Facebook, we may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as your friends, check-ins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission.We will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy notice or that are otherwise made clear to you on the relevant App. Please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy notice to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?In Short:  We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?In Short:  We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our App is at your own risk. You should only access the App within a secure environment.7. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short:  In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA) and United Kingdom (UK), you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.In some regions (like the EEA and UK), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. If you are a resident in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.If you are a resident in Switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at emon.cod1@gmail.com.Account InformationIf you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
• Log in to your account settings and update your user account.Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list — however, we may still communicate with you, for example to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
• Access your account settings and update your preferences.8. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURESMost web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice. 9. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?In Short:  Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the App, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the App. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the App, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g. backups, etc.).CCPA Privacy NoticeThe California Code of Regulations defines a "resident" as:(1) every individual who is in the State of California for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and(2) every individual who is domiciled in the State of California who is outside the State of California for a temporary or transitory purposeAll other individuals are defined as "non-residents."If this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.What categories of personal information do we collect?We have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:CategoryExamplesCollectedA. IdentifiersContact details, such as real name, alias, postal address, telephone or mobile contact number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address and account nameNOB. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statuteName, contact information, education, employment, employment history and financial informationYESC. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal lawGender and date of birthNOD. Commercial informationTransaction information, purchase history, financial details and payment informationNOE. Biometric informationFingerprints and voiceprintsNOF. Internet or other similar network activity Browsing history, search history, online behavior, interest data, and interactions with our and other websites, applications, systems and advertisementsNOG. Geolocation data Device location NOH. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Images and audio, video or call recordings created in connection with our business activities NOI. Professional or employment-related information Business contact details in order to provide you our services at a business level, job title as well as work history and professional qualifications if you apply for a job with usNOJ. Education Information Student records and directory information NOK. Inferences drawn from other personal information Inferences drawn from any of the collected personal information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics NOW e may also collect other personal information outside of these categories instances where you interact with us in-person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
• Receiving help through our customer support channels;
• Participation in customer surveys or contests; and
• Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your inquiries.How do we use and share your personal information?More information about our data collection and sharing practices can be found in this privacy notice.You may contact us by email at emon.code1@gmail.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.If you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt-out we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.Will your information be shared with anyone else?We may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal data.emon code has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months. emon code will not sell personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users and other consumers.Your rights with respect to your personal data Right to request deletion of the data - Request to delete You can ask for the deletion of your personal information. If you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.Right to be informed - Request to know Depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
• whether we collect and use your personal information;
• the categories of personal information that we collect;
• the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
• whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
• the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
• the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and
• the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.In accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.Verification process Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. These verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. For instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g. phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. We may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. To the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.Other privacy rights
• you may object to the processing of your personal data
• you may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the data
• you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. We may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the CCPA.
• you may request to opt-out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. Upon receiving a request to opt-out, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than 15 days from the date of the request submission.To exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at emon.code1@gmail.com, or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. If you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.  10. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?     In Short:  Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.11. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?     If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at emon.code1@gmail.com or by post to: emon code khartoum khartoum - bahri,  11111Sudan12. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?     Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by clicking here.
      ul {
        list-style-type: square;
      }
      ul > li > ul {
        list-style-type: circle;
      }
      ul > li > ul > li > ul {
        list-style-type: square;
      }
      ol li {
        font-family: Arial ;
      }

---
## [DeadlyBossMods/DBM-WoD](https://github.com/DeadlyBossMods/DBM-WoD)@[378e368430...](https://github.com/DeadlyBossMods/DBM-WoD/commit/378e3684300dadcae415e214b882a9604a6b59fe)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 21:47:03 by MysticalOS

holy fucking debug spam, it's hard to test actual features with this mod generating hundreds of useless lines of debug for bullshit adds

---
## [Firehawke/mame](https://github.com/Firehawke/mame)@[080f82f592...](https://github.com/Firehawke/mame/commit/080f82f592ff25a644150ab1d0bf54e248a66f6b)
#### Saturday 2021-10-16 21:48:06 by Firehawke

New working software list additions (apple2gs_flop_clcracked.xml)
-----------------------------------------------------------------

Aesop's Fables (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
All About America (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Ancient Land of Ys (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Arkanoid (Version 12-Jan-89) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Arkanoid II: Revenge of Doh (Version 29-Aug-89) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Arkanoid II: Revenge of Doh (Version 18-Jul-89) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Battle Chess (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Block Out (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Bubble Ghost (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Bubble Ghost - Hard Drive compatible (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Calendar Crafter (Version 1.2) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
California Games (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Captain Blood (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Cavern Cobra (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Club Backgammon (Version 2.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Club Backgammon (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Cribbage King / Gin King (Version 1.01) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Defender of the Crown (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Déjà Vu (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Déjà Vu II: Lost in Las Vegas (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Designer Prints (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Designer Puzzles (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Destroyer (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Downhill Challenge (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Fantavision (Version 2.1) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Fantavision (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Fast Break (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Final Assault (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Gauntlet (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Geometry (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Gnarly Golf (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Grand Prix Circuit (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Great Western Shootout (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Hacker II: The Doomsday Papers (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Hardball! (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Hostage: Rescue Mission (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Impossible Mission II (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Jack Nicklaus' Greatest 18 Holes of Major Championship Golf (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Jigsaw (Version 1.4 - 022988) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
King's Quest - Quest for the Crown (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
King's Quest II - Romancing The Throne (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
King's Quest III - To Hier is Human (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
LaserForce (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Magical Myths (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Mancala (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Marble Madness (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Math Blaster Plus! (Version 1.1) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Math Blaster Plus! (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Math Wizard (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing (Version 1.8 21-Dec-88) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Mavis Beacon Teaches Typing (Version 1.2 16-Nov-87) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Mean 18 (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Mercury (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Music Construction Set (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Neuromancer (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Paperboy (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Pipe Dream (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Qix (Version 1.4? 16-Jan-90) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Read and Rhyme (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Read-a-Rama (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Reader Rabbit (Version 2.3) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Reader Rabbit (Version 2.2) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Reading and Me (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Sea Strike (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Serve and Volley (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Shanghai (Version 15-Sep-87) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Shanghai (Version 20-Jan-87) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
ShowOff (Version 1.1) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Silent Service (Version 925.01) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Silpheed - Super Dogfighter (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Skate or Die (Version 1.1 07-Oct-88) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Skate or Die (Version 1.0 12-Aug-88) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Space Quest - The Sarien Encounter (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Space Quest II - Vohual's Revenge (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Spirit of Excalibur (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Storybook Weaver (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Storybook Weaver - World of Adventure (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Storybook Weaver - World of Make-Believe (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Street Sports Soccer (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Superstar Ice Hockey (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Tales From The Arabian Nights (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Task Force (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Tetris (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Adventures of Sinbad (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Duel: Test Drive II (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Fidelity Chessmaster 2100 (Version 1.1 17-Nov-88) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Fidelity Chessmaster 2100 (Version 1.01 28-Sep-88) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Graphics Studio (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Immortal (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The King of Chicago (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Last Ninja (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Logic Master (Version 1.5) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Print Shop (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Third Courier (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Tower of Myraglen (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Wonders of the Animal Kingdom (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
The Word Master (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Thexder (Version 2.7) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Topdraw (Version 1.00A) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
TrianGo (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Uninvited (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Vegas Craps (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Vegas Gambler (Version 1.1 25-Jul-88) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Vegas Gambler (Version 1.0 07-Jun-88) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
War in Middle Earth (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Where in the U.S.A. is Carmen Sandiego? (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego? (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Winter Games (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
World Games (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
World Tour Golf (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Writer's Choice Elite (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Xenocide (Version 25-Sep-89) (unprotected) [Brian Troha]
Xenocide (Version 11-Aug-89) (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]
Zany Golf (cleanly cracked) [Brian Troha]

---

# [<](2021-10-15.md) 2021-10-16 [>](2021-10-17.md)

