# [<](2021-04-19.md) 2021-04-20 [>](2021-04-21.md)

3,462,645 events, 1,570,811 push events, 2,490,557 commit messages, 195,076,258 characters


## [meshcollider/bitcoin@b3dda0af0e...](https://github.com/meshcollider/bitcoin/commit/b3dda0af0ea0e63edea7a8ffebadf7602cf79359)
##### 2021-04-20 08:02:20 by Wladimir J. van der Laan

Merge #21123: code style: Add EditorConfig file

7a135d57b2ac17477b25d5046a3bec57eac3ab30 Add EditorConfig file. (Kiminuo)

Pull request description:

  ### Motivation

  Developers are supposed to follow [Coding style](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/doc/developer-notes.md#coding-style-general). However, [from time to time](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/21075#discussion_r570125634) a PR is created and then its author is asked to change tabs to spaces, for example.

  Introducing an `.editorconfig` file can mitigate these formatting issues.

  ### User story

  A contributor wants to create a new PR. She clones Bitcoin Core repo, opens her editor, the editor loads `.editorconfig` rules and writes her patch with correct formatting rules. Less Coding Style issues is then discovered in the PR review process and thus less CI runs are needed.

  ### What is EditorConfig file?

  https://editorconfig.org provides very well and concise explanation:

  > What is EditorConfig?

  > EditorConfig helps maintain consistent coding styles for multiple developers working on the same project across various editors and IDEs. The EditorConfig project consists of a file format for defining coding styles and a collection of text editor plugins that enable editors to read the file format and adhere to defined styles. EditorConfig files are easily readable and they work nicely with version control systems.

  ### Support

  `.editorconfig` is supported by many IDEs and text editors. Sometimes, the support is out of the box and sometimes a plugin is needed. However, for example, VS Code detects `.editorconfig` presence and automatically offers you to install the missing plugin.

  See https://editorconfig.org/#pre-installed for details on support. To name a few:

  * Visual Studio (out of the box)
  * VS Code (plugin)
  * JetBrains IDEs (IntelliJ IDEA, PyCharm, etc.) (out of the box)
  * Sublime Text (plugin)
  * Emacs (plugin)
  * Vim (plugin)

  Not supported (AFAIK):

  * [mcedit](https://github.com/MidnightCommander/mc)

  ### My editor does not support `.editorconfig`

  Then nothing really changes for you.

  ### `.editorconfig` vs `.clang-format`

  As explained [here](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/cppblog/clangformat-support-in-visual-studio-2017-15-7-preview-1/):

  > Note that Visual Studio also supports EditorConfig, which works in a similar way. ClangFormat, however, has a [much larger variety of style options](https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangFormatStyleOptions.html) than EditorConfig, including some very C++ specific rules that can be set, and it is already used by C++ developers today.

  Having both `.editorconfig` and `.clang-format` in a project, may not always work correctly though, I think. As some editors may have a plugin for `.editorconfig` and a plugin for `clang-formatter` which may not work correctly in unison. In VS Code & Visual Studio EditorConfig [takes precedence over other settings](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs/blob/master/docs/ide/cpp-editorconfig-properties.md#c-editorconfig-formatting-conventions).

  ### Possible issues

  Your editor may change formatting for some 3rd party library if you edit the code. A solution for this would be to make EditorConfig rules more specific (include only certain paths). I'm not sure if it is an issue in practice.

  ### Testing

  Add some trailing whitespace to a Python file and save the file. You should see that the trailing whitespace is removed.

  ### Possible future work

  It would be great to define rules for Makefiles. This would be good start:

  ```
  # Makefiles
  [Makefile,*.am]
  indent_style = tab
  trim_trailing_whitespace = true
  ```

  I don't know makefiles in this project good enough to propose something reasonable. If this PR is well received, it would be great to add it in this PR.

  Also, there are actually many different file extensions and so the proposed `.editorconfig` file can be probably improved very much:

  ```powershell
  Get-ChildItem -Recurse | % {$_.Extension.ToLower()} | sort | unique
  ```

  <details><summary>Click to see the output</summary>

  ```
  .1
  .ac
  .adoc
  .am
  .bash-completion
  .bat
  .bmp
  .c
  .cc
  .cert
  .cfg
  .clang_complete
  .clang-format
  .cmake
  .cmd
  .cnf
  .com
  .conf
  .cpp
  .css
  .csv
  .doxyfile
  .dtd
  .empty
  .exe
  .exp
  .gci
  .gitattributes
  .github
  .gitignore
  .gitmodules
  .guess
  .h
  .hex
  .hpp
  .html
  .icns
  .ico
  .idb
  .ilk
  .in
  .include
  .ini
  .init
  .ipp
  .jam
  .js
  .json
  .lastbuildstate
  .lib
  .list
  .log
  .m
  .m4
  .md
  .mk
  .mm
  .moc
  .obj
  .openrc
  .openrcconf
  .patch
  .pc
  .pdb
  .pl
  .plist
  .png
  .po
  .pro
  .py
  .python-version
  .qbk
  .qm
  .qml
  .qrc
  .raw
  .rb
  .rc
  .recipe
  .res
  .s
  .sage
  .sass
  .scm
  .scss
  .service
  .sgml
  .sh
  .sln
  .spec
  .sub
  .supp
  .svg
  .targets
  .td
  .tlog
  .ts
  .tx
  .txt
  .ui
  .user
  .v2
  .vcxproj
  .verbatim
  .vscode
  .xml
  .xpm
  .xsl
  .y
  .yapf
  .yml
  .yy
  ```

  </details>

  Fixes #21092

ACKs for top commit:
  laanwj:
    Tested re-ACK 7a135d57b2ac17477b25d5046a3bec57eac3ab30
  MarcoFalke:
    Approach ACK 7a135d57b2ac17477b25d5046a3bec57eac3ab30

Tree-SHA512: c36a3424ecc751fbdd66101463b0c470f5c7adcdb4795b1cd267ff718eb345a04615fc1182338adf5b7db724469dca00c64815a9ef77064734a6536fba41a2ba

---
## [aRustyDev/CodeWars@17c47d8f6a...](https://github.com/aRustyDev/CodeWars/commit/17c47d8f6a37ab3ece3b7a0421a6f7990591ce23)
##### 2021-04-20 10:03:23 by aRustyDev

PASSED MF!!!

Bejeezes this took waaaay to freaking long to figure out. 
I had it down until the "." that was being passed to my string.find() as an 'any character' which triggered one stupid freaking erroneous match. 
But I freaking got it!!
I spent so damn long trying to get the damn ptrn to fucking work but I fucking got it.

---
## [unl-slow-dh/essaylets@019f4b409c...](https://github.com/unl-slow-dh/essaylets/commit/019f4b409c4aa9ef4f615cb88b9d80a5a8779408)
##### 2021-04-20 17:21:19 by Osanchez-txabarri

reflection 2

# The human consequences of technology
## Reaction from the last readings
#### Olatz Sanchez-txabarri

During the last weeks of the course, we have been reading about the consequences technology has on human life. Today, no one can deny the importance technology plays in our daily life, from cars and means of transportation to the ability to be in contact with anyone in the world (and outside of it) with our phones. We all know that the biggest companies in the world work with technology, so we know that they are profitable and that the power that these companies differ from it is underestimated by most of us. However, we, in general, do not know how these technologies became part of our life or how they were used before.

According to Friedrich A. Kittle in chapter 11 of_The Truth of the Technological World_ (2014), most of the technology we have and manage today comes from the millions of dollars spent on researching how to make armies more deadly. When reading chapter 11 of his book, one realizes how disconnected we are from the real effects of technology and the bad uses armies have made of them. When reading about the development of these military technologies to become part of the production and spread of Rock Music, we realize that even if today some technologies are used for the creation of culture, this same culture has a past that we cannot or do not want to see. This history embodies the suffering of many who, as they are not directly connected with our nations or personal circles, we cannot see or understand.

In the same line, Rob Nixon writes on _Slow Violence and the Environmentalism of the Poor_ (2011), the main consequences of the modern wars. In chapter 7, _Ecologies of the Aftermath_,he presents the idea that starting with the Gulf War in 1991, the war has consequences further in time and destruction than the actual battle. According to him, war hazards continuously affect the environment and people who already had to deal with the war and its casualties. The use of biochemical weapons creates pollution that lasts millions of years and has devastating consequences on the biological ecosystems we are part of. However, the war powers like the United States, Europe, and Russia, use language and propaganda to justify the use of those polluting weapons. These two texts show our disconnection from technology and the actual consequences: which gives governments the power not only to employ millions of dollars on weapons (when they could be used for better things) but to hide its real consequences and create a polluted world for ordinary people.

This disconnection of technology is also visible in the article written by Geoffrey Winthrop-Young _Hardware, Software, and Netware_ (2010). The author shows the connection between the _ware_ parts of a computer and how they interact to make computers move. This text also connects to the human use of the technologies because it connects the technological aspect of it with technology's human control and use. As everyday users, we can control some technology things, but we cannot control everything. However, and after reading _The Algorithms of Oppression_ (2018) by Safiya Umoha Noble, a group of humans can have greater control over technology. This group of engineers and developers of technology at companies like Google have the power not only over the performance of computers and the search engines but also on how they affect our cultures and societies. As seen from the research and project she presents, racial, gender, and class differences in our countries are justified and further enhanced by the media and the online world, which could be changed by changing the algorithms that manage the information we consume.

All these texts share the idea that power has created technology to maintain its status, whether it is by creating and developing war over eastern countries that crate millions of years of consequences or by keeping the social inequalities via the media and online information. In recent years, this is more obvious than ever as fake news and political and ideological propaganda have entered all aspects of our life; and we all know how devastating its consequences are. What to me is impossible to understand is how, knowing that this could easily be changed (by changing the culture and lack of diversity on big technology companies or by using the millions of dollars of the armies to help the most needed ones), governments prefer to keep destroying the world and the societies for the most immediate profit.

---
## [iamexe/narcissus@3f002ac1c7...](https://github.com/iamexe/narcissus/commit/3f002ac1c7dd3fb045920dde639ae3be67c3c000)
##### 2021-04-20 17:26:16 by iamexe

Add files via upload

C wrapper for subkey to generate Polkadot vanity addresses with seed words.

Known bugs:
- When a match is found 2 results are given. One which is redundant and wrong, and the right one.

Sample Output - WARNING! DO NOT USE IT, THIS IS JUST AN EXAMPLE AND ANYONE HAS ACCESS TO THESE CRYPTO:
root@am-54ee752caa13:/opt/c# ./narcissus.0.1.0.bin 22
SS58 Address:     5C22
SS58 Address:     5D22
SS58 Address:     5E22
SS58 Address:     5F22
SS58 Address:     5G22
SS58 Address:     5H22
  Account ID:       0x1eef0bf2847a0cfb2c208d59d5614933470bfd409281cfff648a5c8757ce5b20
  SS58 Address:     5CmGJfbtyWM55YtmfXjC8V5wEmq3VorvJgnAFHg6eG72XpYi
d67cd1e44081f3864a36e77726
  Public key (hex): 0x1eef0bf2847a0cfb2c208d59d5614933470bfd409281cfff648a5c8757ce5b20
Secret phrase `resist submit shop magic punch multiply cinnamon then monkey claw friend inside` is account:
  Secret seed:      0x34592bcd373c5ea55929f0886a72d151c69bced515cb514eb3e53a1cb18c384b
  Public key (hex): 0xaee52b0dcac62f88d0a13de6738cc374ebdd9901c1fe100b12693bb0a55c440a
  Account ID:       0xaee52b0dcac62f88d0a13de6738cc374ebdd9901c1fe100b12693bb0a55c440a
  SS58 Address:     5G22GPyjtrFXFWwQiFskUjRQyh5TFU8g2VQAMmjrA9n14fgY
  SS58 Address:     5G22GPyjtrFXFWwQiFskUjRQyh5TFU8g2VQAMmjrA9n14fgY
monkey claw friend inside` is account:
  Secret seed:      0x34592bcd373c5ea55929f0886a72d151c69bced515cb514eb3e53a1cb18c384b
  Public key (hex): 0xaee52b0dcac62f88d0a13de6738cc374ebdd9901c1fe100b12693bb0a55c440a
  Account ID:       0xaee52b0dcac62f88d0a13de6738cc374ebdd9901c1fe100b12693bb0a55c440a
Secret phrase `resource mosquito engage loud lock life shell banana ivory digital panel foot` is account:
  Secret seed:      0x8efffc8c45af3eb2bed7893ec875aa1822c1d28586f74a66ffb26a1920951e31
  Public key (hex): 0xdebf1a3ff0e7bbcc5dc90e30ec2b60854ed028fb9a3a0f018f6d88566e3be96f
  Account ID:       0xdebf1a3ff0e7bbcc5dc90e30ec2b60854ed028fb9a3a0f018f6d88566e3be96f
  SS58 Address:     5H6mFrPLib2UyBP7pwaeRQcHVBceAZ3xsn81gwEsb5oja74T
^C

Known issues / requirements:
- subkey must be installed and in path.
  check: https://substrate.dev/docs/en/knowledgebase/integrate/subkey

Tested on debian 10 with gcc.

I recomend you compile yourself with gcc. One can trust me but better verify!

---
## [kaatish/cudf@8a666a04e0...](https://github.com/kaatish/cudf/commit/8a666a04e0123744eb259d88ac4c04b0b6de4303)
##### 2021-04-20 18:42:50 by Vyas Ramasubramani

Refactor Python and Cython internals for groupby aggregation (#7818)

This PR makes some improvements to the groupby/aggregation code that I identified while working on #7731. The main purpose is to make the code logic easier to follow and reduce some unnecessary complexity; I see minor but measurable performance improvements (2-5% for small datasets) as well, but those are mostly just side effects here. Specifically, it makes the following changes:

1. Inlines the logic for dropping unsupported aggregations. The old function was repetitive and necessitated looping over the aggregations twice, whereas the new approach drops unwanted aggregations on the fly so it only loops once. The new code also makes it so that you only construct a C aggregation object once.
2. Merges the logic from `_AggregationFactory` into `Aggregation`, and removes the constructor for `Aggregation`. The one downside here is that the Cython `Aggregation` object's constructor no longer places it in a valid state; however, in practice the object is always constructed via either the `make_aggregation` function or its various factories, and the object's constructor was only every used in `_drop_unsupported_aggs` anyway. The benefit is we remove the fragmentation between these two classes, making the code much more readable, and the `Aggregation` class actually serves a purpose now beyond just providing a single property `kind` that is only used once: it is now the primary way that other Cython files interact with aggregations. This also means that in most places other Cython modules don't need to work with `unique_ptr[aggregation]` as much anymore (although they do still have to move `Aggregation.c_obj` for performance reasons). `make_aggregation` now returns the Cython class instead of the underlying C++ one.
3. Modified all the "allowed aggregations" sets to use the uppercase names of the aggregations. In addition to simplifying the code a tiny bit, this helps reduce confusion between the aggregation names used in Python for pandas compatibility and the libcudf names (for instance, `idxmin` vs `argmin`, now `ARGMIN`).
4. Explicitly defines all the aggregations on a groupby. I discussed this briefly with @shwina, the change has pros and cons. The benefit is that all of these methods are properly documented now, there's less magic (the binding of methods to a class after its definition can be confusing for less experienced Python developers and has a lot of potential gotchas), and we can use the simpler string-based agg definition wherever possible. The downside is that we now have to define all of these methods. I think the change is definitely an improvement, but I'm happy to change it back if anyone can suggest a better alternative. In the long run we probably need to find a way to share both code and docstrings more effectively between all aggregations (DataFrame, Series, and GroupBy).

Authors:
  - Vyas Ramasubramani (https://github.com/vyasr)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

Approvers:
  - Karthikeyan (https://github.com/karthikeyann)
  - Ashwin Srinath (https://github.com/shwina)
  - GALI PREM SAGAR (https://github.com/galipremsagar)

URL: https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf/pull/7818

---
## [Dav999-v/VVVVVV@300f1b7919...](https://github.com/Dav999-v/VVVVVV/commit/300f1b791956f864a6d4333c0c2edb6b56097ab5)
##### 2021-04-20 20:03:44 by Misa

Switch assets mounting to dedicated directory

This fixes an issue where you would be able to mount things other than
custom assets in per-level custom asset directories and zips.

To be fair, the effects of this issue were fairly limited - about the
only thing I could do with it was to override a user-made quicksave of a
custom level with one of my own. However, since the quicksave check
happens before assets are mounted, if the user didn't have an existing
quicksave then they wouldn't be able load my quicksave. Furthermore,
mounting things like settings.vvv simply doesn't work because assets
only get mounted when the level gets loaded, but the game only reads
from settings.vvv on startup.

Still, this is an issue, and just because it only has one effect doesn't
mean we should single-case patch that one effect only. So what can we
do?

I was thinking that we should (1) mount custom assets in a dedicated
directory, and then from there (2) mount each specific asset directly -
namely, mount the graphics/ and sounds/ folders, and mount the
vvvvvvmusic.vvv and mmmmmm.vvv files. For (1), assets are now mounted at
a (non-existent) location named .vvv-mnt/assets/. However, (2) doesn't
fully work due to how PhysFS works.

What DOES work is being able to mount the graphics/ and sounds/ folders,
but only if the custom assets directory is a directory. And, you
actually have to use the real directory where those graphics/ and
sounds/ folders are located, and not the mounted directory, because
PHYSFS_mount() only accepts real directories. (In which case why bother
mounting the directory in the first place if we have to use real
directories anyway?) So already this seems like having different
directory and zip mounting paths, which I don't want...

I tried to unify the directory and zip paths and get around the real
directory limitation. So for mounting each individual asset (i.e.
graphics/, sounds/, but especially vvvvvvmusic.vvv and mmmmmm.vvv), I
tried doing PHYSFS_openRead() followed by PHYSFS_mountHandle() with that
PHYSFS_File, but this simply doesn't work, because PHYSFS_mountHandle()
will always create a PHYSFS_Io object, and pass it to a PhysFS internal
helper function named openDirectory() which will only attempt to treat
it as a directory if the PHYSFS_Io* passed is NULL. Since
PHYSFS_mountHandle() always passes a non-NULL PHYSFS_Io*,
openDirectory() will always treat it like a zip file and never as a
directory - in contrast, PHYSFS_mount() will always pass a NULL
PHYSFS_Io* to openDirectory(), so PHYSFS_mount() is the only function
that works for mounting directories.

(And even if this did work, having to keep the file open (because of the
PHYSFS_openRead()) results in the user being unable to touch the file on
Windows until it gets closed, which I also don't want.)

As for zip files, PHYSFS_mount() works just fine on them, but then we
run into the issue of accessing the individual assets inside it. As
covered above, PHYSFS_mount() only accepts real directories, so we can't
use it to access the assets inside, but then if we do the
PHYSFS_openRead() and PHYSFS_mountHandle() approach,
PHYSFS_mountHandle() will treat the assets inside as zip files instead
of just mounting them normally!

So in short, PhysFS only seems to be able to mount directories and zip
files, and not any loose individual files (like vvvvvvmusic.vvv and
mmmmmm.vvv). Furthermore, directories inside directories works, but
directories inside zip files doesn't (only zip files inside zip files
work).

It seems like our asset paths don't really work well with PhysFS's
design. Currently, graphics/, sounds/, vvvvvvmusic.vvv, and mmmmmm.vvv
all live at the root directory of the VVVVVV folder. But what would work
better is if all of those items were organized into a subfolder, for
example, a folder named assets/. So the previous assets mounting system
before this patch would just have mounted assets/ and be done with it,
and there would be no risk of mounting extraneous files that could do
bad things. However, due to our unorganized asset paths, the previous
system has to mount assets at the root of the VVVVVV folder, which
invites the possibility of those extraneous bad files being mounted.

Well, we can't change the asset paths now, that would be a pretty big
API break (maybe it should be a 2.4 thing). So what can we do?

What I've done is, after mounting the assets at .vvv-mnt/assets/, when
the game loads an asset, it checks if there's an override available
inside .vvv-mnt/assets/, and if so, the game will load that asset
instead of the regular one. This is basically reimplementing what PhysFS
SHOULD be able to do for us, but can't. This fixes the issue of being
able to mount a quicksave for a custom level inside its asset directory.

I should also note, the unorganized asset paths issue also means that
for .zip files (which contain the level file), the level file itself is
also technically mounted at .vvv-mnt/assets/. This is harmless (because
when we load a level file, we never load it as an asset) but it's still
a bit ugly. Changing the asset paths now seems more and more like a good
thing to do...

---

# [<](2021-04-19.md) 2021-04-20 [>](2021-04-21.md)

