# [<](2021-10-21.md) 2021-10-22 [>](2021-10-23.md)

257,028 events, 147,534 push events, 212,819 commit messages, 15,280,100 characters


## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP)@[9bbb2b22ce...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP/commit/9bbb2b22ce90b3eb4a4eb8da9184852a0e75e73a)
#### Friday 2021-10-22 02:42:49 by yeayea130

Engineering hound module parity pass (#3542)

* Fixes hound double-init bugs and enforces sci-hound module parity.

> ## About The Pull Request
> 1. _Fixes the double init bug that affected the Sci-hound. engineering hound, ERT borg. and service hound._
> 2. _Enforces module parity between the sci-hound and science drone modules. ensuring they are both capable of the same work- and that the sci-hound doesn't have half of the modules required for xenobiology._
> 3. _removes duplicate dogborg jaws and nonfunctional duplicate cable-coil from the sci-hound module_
>4. _adds the portable destructive analyzer from the sci-drone to the sci-hound so interacting with vore content is optional to do your job_
>
> ## Why It's Good For The Game
> 1. Fixes a double init bug which causes errors in the server console.
> 2. Ensures that both science modules can do the same things while removing duplicate and nonfunctional modules from the one that had it.
> 4. please god let me have the normal analyzer i'm tired of having to eat all the fucking things I don't want to do it
> ## Changelog
> 🆑
fix: removes ..() from the end of the science, engineering, ERT, and Service hound modules to ensure they do not double-init
fix: removes duplicate and nonfunctional modules from the sci-hound cyborg
add: adds modules in-line with the normal science drone
add: adds the portable destructive analyzer to the sci-hound, /🆑
>This is my first PR. please tell me if I've done anything wrong and what to change about it.

* whoops forgot to smash that mf enter button

* forgot a syringe for xenobio

* Enforces engineering hound module parity. no fixes :(

---
## [cuba200611/8bitdev](https://github.com/cuba200611/8bitdev)@[e011eba234...](https://github.com/cuba200611/8bitdev/commit/e011eba23465374aa3a9a5c24391bbc7df23efda)
#### Friday 2021-10-22 04:30:15 by Curt J. Sampson

src/mc68/pmon regscmd: Functionality to set saved registers

We change the command from `s` to `r` because the latter is just much more
instinctive and easier to remember. We deal with the loss of R)ead by
changing read, write and verify all to be under the T)ransfer command,
which should be fine because that command will have a ton of other options
anyway.

There's still a design problem with this, as showed up with some
frustrating debuggin during unit testing: since the args are always
adjacent, it's easy to type `a3b4` meaning to set A=3 and B=4, but that's
interpreted as A=3B 4= followed by a parse error. Currently, we're thinking
of allowing optional commas in to separate arguments to help mitigate this.

The code is a bit sloppy and has a good deal of duplication, and the tests
are showing issues similar to (but not the same as) the examine tests. But
this is going on master anyway because it's unlikely to have broken
anything working to this point and we want feedback on this sooner rather
than later.

---
## [tdyas/pants](https://github.com/tdyas/pants)@[239b695016...](https://github.com/tdyas/pants/commit/239b6950162ab8a48478b688d35928270b71f35d)
#### Friday 2021-10-22 04:35:40 by Eric Arellano

The default `sources` for `conftest.py` and `*_test.pyi` now belong to new target generator `python_test_utils`, not `python_tests` (#13299)

Part 1 of https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/issues/13238.

## Why we need to fix this

Currently, `python_tests` includes `conftest.py` and `*_test.pyi` in its `sources` field, and it generates `python_test` targets for those. We special case our Pytest code to ignore running tests on those generated targets:

https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/blob/e8654186c11c87e372bd62ab4f82f39ad2f5b208/src/python/pants/backend/python/subsystems/pytest.py#L50-L57

This will not work with lockfiles https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/issues/13238: `conftest.py` and `*_test.pyi` both must be modeled by a `python_source` target, not `python_test`. A `python_test` target has the field `resolve: str`, whereas `python_source` has `compatible_resolves: list[str]`.  The `resolve` says which exact resolve to use, and then we validate the transitive closure is compatible with that one. Because a `conftest.py` can be a dependency of many `python_test` targets, it's important that it participates in this `compatible_resolves` mechanism.

## Solution

Add a new `python_test_utils` target generator, which generates `python_source` targets. It behaves identically to the `python_sources`  target generator, except that it has the default `sources` of `conftest.py` and `*_test.pyi`.

Why a new target that behaves identically to `python_sources`? This modeling reduces the risk of folks unintentionally including test support files like `conftest.py` in production, such as in a `pex_binary` and `python_distribution`. For `python_distribution`, it's very common to add a dependency on a `python_sources` target generator, rather than a generated `python_source` target, i.e. `:lib` instead of `foo.py:lib`. We want to avoid the gotcha of `:lib` including `conftest.py` because that's how the default `sources` work, and we don't want users to have to be aware of this gotcha and to do set arithmetic in the `sources` fields of two `python_sources` to make sure there aren't duplicate owners of the same `conftest.py`.

A new target also dramatically minimizes the breaking changes of this PR. Now, the risk is that some files will be unowned, whereas before there was the risk that they'd be owned by a different target generator than before, so might inherit different metadata like `dependencies` and might be included in unexpected places like a `python_distribution` depending on `:lib`.

--

This PR does not deprecate the special casing in `pytest.py` that allows for a `python_test` target to be used with `conftest.py` and `*_test.pyi`. That special casing will be deprecated in a followup.

## Alternatives considered

### `python_tests` generates `python_source` targets

This is technically feasible, but really clunky and confusing to document. For example, the `conftest.py` `python_source` target would presumably default to the global `compatible_resolves` option (configured in `[python-setup]`). To change it, we'd either need to add a field to `python_tests` like `conftest_compatible_resolves`, or the user would have to know to use the `overrides` mechanism from https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/pull/13270. Not intuitive!

### Deprecating having a default `sources` field for `python_tests` and `python_sources`

Users would have to either explicitly use the new defaults or stick to the old defaults. Once we're confident people aren't using a default, we can safely change it without breaking anyone.

However, this would require a ludicrous amount of churn for a problem that most users don't even have. Even if we automated this change with `./pants update-build-files`, it is still extremely disruptive.

Also, this isn't very feasible because of how we validate that each glob in the `sources` field matches. When it's the field's `default`, we only require _any_ glob to match. When it's explicitly declared in a BUILD file, we require _all_ globs to match. So, a user could not safely set `["*_test.py", "test_*.py", "tests.py"]` in a BUILD file unless they had all those files, which is unlikely.

### A global option to change the default

I don't think this is technically feasible. The Target API is intentionally shielded from the Rules API. There's no way for an option to change the default of a field. It would require a ludicrous amount of special casing in `engine/internals/graph.py` etc to have our Rules code that consumes these fields to change behavior of things like hydrating sources based on the option.


## Impact

Our dependency inference rule for `conftest.py` requires that there be an owning target:

https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/blob/a9af04dc94de2f718aae5b8ce488faaf8c39c07e/src/python/pants/backend/python/dependency_inference/rules.py#L231-L235

So,, unless you have explicitly put `conftest.py` into a `python_sources` or `python_tests` target's `sources` field, then you'll get this error when upgrading to Pants 2.8:

```
pants.base.exceptions.ResolveError: No owning targets could be found for the file `src/python/pants/conftest.py`.

Please check that there is a BUILD file in the parent directory src/python/pants with a target whose `sources` field includes the file. See https://www.pantsbuild.org/v2.8/docs/targets for more information on target definitions.

You may want to run `./pants tailor` to autogenerate your BUILD files. See https://www.pantsbuild.org/v2.8/docs/create-initial-build-files.
```

It violates our deprecation policy to error here, but we don't think there's a way to gracefully deprecate. Hopefully folks will run `./pants tailor` after encountering this and get `python_test_utils` targets added.

When a new `python_test_utils` target is added, the user may need to update its metadata like its `dependencies` to work properly. That might not be very intuitive, so we should document it in upgrade notes. Fortunately, the risk is mostly that users' tests will fail: there is far less risk this will break production code.

[ci skip-rust]
[ci skip-build-wheels]

---

# [<](2021-10-21.md) 2021-10-22 [>](2021-10-23.md)

