# [<](2021-03-01.md) 2021-03-02 [>](2021-03-03.md)

3,329,528 events, 1,532,122 push events, 2,431,339 commit messages, 190,752,668 characters


## [chadvandy/queek_burrow](https://github.com/chadvandy/queek_burrow)@[0fd672f7d8...](https://github.com/chadvandy/queek_burrow/commit/0fd672f7d88b855d817865bf71381b85a07fdf0c)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 00:52:22 by vandy

fix the fucking headtaking mechanic being entirely broken from its fuckin core, god damn it

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[daf366243d...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/daf366243dc61085cd415ecba3ef69f8864fe302)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 02:11:42 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-01: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, NL, ON, SK); testing (PE).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “9 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 10,393, due to the withdrawal of 1 death not attributable to COVID-19: 4 deaths in the last 24 hours, 2 deaths between February 21 and February 26, 3 deaths before February 21.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [makingglitches/CensusScripts](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts)@[94770b874f...](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts/commit/94770b874f9978d2ce755eea386f2cd3a6fed2d4)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 04:18:41 by Magical Marvelous MADMADMAD Mister Mim !

you know the difference between these people and myself, aside from the fact that they are all psychopathic garbage monsters is that I WILL keep posting the sins they committed over and over DIRECTLY. Like github deleting my projects for containing language out of 10 Million or so code bases they honed in on mine somehow ike that makes any fucking sense. Anyway. Stop deleting my work. I'm sick of rewriting this and no i'm not going to 'give up' so you fucking people can keep yourselves stupid gullible retards eating up your entire lives and mine in service of being fucked up perverts that ruin children: assholes. That being said I'm sick of writing this every single time you mindless slaves decide to take a walk in a circle and colorado is filled with child molesting garbage that is slowly seeping out to make everyone in the country even more miserable than they were initially under the guise of so's being punished as whores when in general they're just being entrapped by other chomos who are providing them the method of offending and reoffending over and over and hell bent on enslaving the entire country and similarily which they support because they are technically only superficially human, and really are alien of mind and spirit and basically a deep black hole in the fabric of creation that feels no love or kindness and treats destroying lives including their own as some retarded game of larp d&d with some penises thrown in since apparently evenrything is about dicks with them.  oh and csu is a whorehouse as is uwyo overall with very few individuals actually truly attending. a gret amount of their work is the memorized work of other people as well :P which is obfuscated by the tendency of people to REPEAT the same things who were once their victims like i was, when they lose their memories and get rolled back to an early point in time since their reality or fake reality or game is so incredibly upsetting and depressing who the hell would believe it ? anyway. please die and here are some updates.

---
## [sanusanth/C-english-letters-disign-pattan-A-to-Z-part-2](https://github.com/sanusanth/C-english-letters-disign-pattan-A-to-Z-part-2)@[056fa1d405...](https://github.com/sanusanth/C-english-letters-disign-pattan-A-to-Z-part-2/commit/056fa1d4056c20c0b196dd53b35e18b0c512c312)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 04:23:52 by Sanusanth Dowmi

Add files via upload

What is C++? C++ is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language. It was created by Bjarne Stroustrup at Bell Labs circa 1980. C++ is very similar to C (invented by Dennis Ritchie in the early 1970s). C++ is so compatible with C that it will probably compile over 99% of C programs without changing a line of source code. Though C++ is a lot of well-structured and safer language than C as it OOPs based.
Some computer languages are written for a specific purpose. Like, Java was initially devised to control toasters and some other electronics. C was developed for programming OS. Pascal was conceptualized to teach proper programming techniques. But C++ is a general-purpose language. It well deserves the widely acknowledged nickname "Swiss Pocket Knife of Languages." C++ is a cross-platform language that can be used to create high-performance applications.
C++ was developed by Bjarne Stroustrup, as an extension to the C language. C++ gives programmers a high level of control over system resources and memory.
The language was updated 3 major times in 2011, 2014, and 2017 to C++11, C++14, and C++17.
About C++ Programming Multi-paradigm Language - C++ supports at least seven different styles of programming. Developers can choose any of the styles. General Purpose Language - You can use C++ to develop games, desktop apps, operating systems, and so on.
Speed - Like C programming, the performance of optimized C++ code is exceptional.
Object-oriented - C++ allows you to divide complex problems into smaller sets by using objects.
Why Learn C++?
C++ is used to develop games, desktop apps, operating systems, browsers, and so on because of its performance. After learning C++, it will be much easier to learn other programming languages like Java, Python, etc.
C++ helps you to understand the internal architecture of a computer, how computer stores and retrieves information.
How to learn C++? C++ tutorial from Programiz - We provide step by step C++ tutorials, examples, and references. Get started with C++. Official C++ documentation - Might be hard to follow and understand for beginners. Visit official C++ documentation. Write a lot of C++ programming code- The only way you can learn programming is by writing a lot of code.
Read C++ code- Join Github's open-source projects and read other people's code. C++ best programming language? T he answer depends on perspective and requirements. Some tasks can be done in C++, though not very quickly. For example, designing GUI screens for applications. Other languages like Visual Basic, Python have GUI design elements built into them. Therefore, they are better suited for GUI type of task. Some of the scripting languages that provide extra programmability to applications. Such as MS Word and even photoshop tend to be variants of Basic, not C++. C++ is still used widely, and the most famous software have their backbone in C++.
This tutorial will help you learn C++ basic and the advanced concepts. Who uses C++? Some of today's most visible used systems have their critical parts written in C++. Examples are Amadeus (airline ticketing) Bloomberg (financial formation), Amazon (Web commerce), Google (Web search) Facebook (social media) Many programming languages depend on C++'s performance and reliability in their implementation. Examples include: Java Virtual Machines JavaScript interpreters (e.g., Google's V8) Browsers (e.g., Internet Explorer, Mozilla's Firefox, Apple's Safari, and Google's Chrome) Application and Web frameworks (e.g., Microsoft's .NET Web services framework). Applications that involve local and wide area networks, user interaction, numeric, graphics, and database access highly depend on C++ language. Why Use C++ C++ is one of the world's most popular programming languages. C++ can be found in today's operating systems, Graphical User Interfaces, and embedded systems. C++ is an object-oriented programming language which gives a clear structure to programs and allows code to be reused, lowering development costs. C++ is portable and can be used to develop applications that can be adapted to multiple platforms. C++ is fun and easy to learn! As C++ is close to C# and Java, it makes it easy for programmers to switch to C++ or vice versa Definition - What does C++ Programming Language mean? C++ is an object oriented computer language created by notable computer scientist Bjorne Stroustrop as part of the evolution of the C family of languages. Some call C++ “C with classes” because it introduces object oriented programming principles, including the use of defined classes, to the C programming language framework. C++ is pronounced "see-plus-plus." C++ Variables Variables are the backbone of any programming language. A variable is merely a way to store some information for later use. We can retrieve this value or data by referring to a "word" that will describe this information. Once declared and defined they may be used many times within the scope in which they were declared. C++ Control Structures When a program runs, the code is read by the compiler line by line (from top to bottom, and for the most part left to right). This is known as "code flow." When the code is being read from top to bottom, it may encounter a point where it needs to make a decision. Based on the decision, the program may jump to a different part of the code. It may even make the compiler re-run a specific piece again, or just skip a bunch of code. You could think of this process like if you were to choose from different courses from Guru99. You decide, click a link and skip a few pages. In the same way, a computer program has a set of strict rules to decide the flow of program execution. C++ Syntax The syntax is a layout of words, expression, and symbols. Well, it's because an email address has its well-defined syntax. You need some combination of letters, numbers, potentially with underscores (_) or periods (.) in between, followed by an at the rate (@) symbol, followed by some website domain (company.com). So, syntax in a programming language is much the same. They are some well-defined set of rules that allow you to create some piece of well-functioning software. But, if you don't abide by the rules of a programming language or syntax, you'll get errors. C++ Tools In the real world, a tool is something (usually a physical object) that helps you to get a certain job done promptly. Well, this holds true with the programming world too. A tool in programming is some piece of software which when used with the code allows you to program faster. There are probably tens of thousands, if not millions of different tools across all the programming languages. Most crucial tool, considered by many, is an IDE, an Integrated Development Environment. An IDE is a software which will make your coding life so much easier. IDEs ensure that your files and folders are organized and give you a nice and clean way to view them. Types of C++ Errors Another way to look at C++ in a practical sense is to start enumerating different kinds of errors that occur as the written code makes its way to final execution. First, there are syntax errors where the code is actually written in an illegible way. This can be a misuse of punctuation, or the misspelling of a function command or anything else that compromises the integrity of the syntax as it is written. Another fundamental type of error is a compiler error that simply tells the programmer the compiler was not able to do its work effectively. As a compiler language, C++ relies on the compiler to make the source code into machine readable code and optimize it in various ways. A third type of error happens after the program has been successfully compiled. Runtime errors are not uncommon in C++ executables. What they represent is some lack of designated resource or non-working command in the executable program. In other words, the syntax is right, and the program was compiled successfully, but as the program is doing its work, it encounters a problem, whether that has to do with interdependencies, operating system requirements or anything else in the general environment in which the program is trying to work. Over time, C++ has remained a very useful language not only in computer programming itself, but in teaching new programmers about how object oriented programming works.

---
## [andreiborisov/dash-fish](https://github.com/andreiborisov/dash-fish)@[3972a49bc2...](https://github.com/andreiborisov/dash-fish/commit/3972a49bc22f0f36ea138ecff3bafc35b74e4ecc)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 08:51:04 by Fabian Homborg

Call "fish_command_not_found" if a command wasn't found

Previously, when a command wasn't found, fish would emit the
"fish_command_not_found" *event*.

This was annoying as it was hard to override (the code ended up
checking for a function called `__fish_command_not_found_handler`
anyway!), the setup was ugly,
and it's useless - there is no use case for multiple command-not-found handlers.

Instead, let's just call a function `fish_command_not_found` if it
exists, or print the default message otherwise.

The event is completely removed, but because a missing event is not an error
(MEISNAE in C++-speak) this isn't an issue.

Note that, for backwards-compatibility, we still keep the default
handler function around even tho the new one is hard-coded in C++.

Also, if we detect a previous handler, the new handler just calls it.

This way, the backwards-compatible way to install a custom handler is:

```fish
function __fish_command_not_found_handler --on-event fish_command_not_found
    # do a little dance, make a little love, get down tonight
end
```

and the new hotness is

```fish
function fish_command_not_found
    # do the thing
end
```

Fixes #7293.

---
## [P-404/android_frameworks_native](https://github.com/P-404/android_frameworks_native)@[3e231cffb5...](https://github.com/P-404/android_frameworks_native/commit/3e231cffb54323a43c46c1236a37805d410d6f31)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 11:22:09 by Steven Moreland

libbinder: Java/C++ *_TRANSACTION parity

TWEET_TRANSACTION and LIKE_TRANSACTION have long been Java-only features
in Android. Though, by all accounts, it has been 9.5 years since their
inclusion, and the social landscape has been made portrait (and back and
forth, and back and forth, and so goes the pendelum of time), the
managed app, now (!) every binder and daemon, every process, thread,
every fiber, every bound iface, whether preinstalled or downloaded,
enjoys itself a quiet smile or a chuckle or a warm feeling in its heart
at the directed tweet (or cold rage or fury when the need to argue
arises!). Same too, with the ready-fire like, an uncrafted promotor of
unconstrained joy and appreciation for the IPCs or APIs, carefully
crafted and readily available, or the interesting return value, or heck,
maybe even the timing or just for the lols!

Though, due to timing constraints (and the NDK/Rust backend
abstraction from transaction codes in favor of function APIs which
encode the protocol of these functions), Android S might not see this
functionality there, it is a future consideration.

Fixes: 178706440
Test: N/A
Change-Id: I3f628c747b70a77e199abc7252a56fdc36ef4308
Signed-off-by: Akash Srivastava <akashniki@gmail.com>

---
## [JuliaIO/FileIO.jl](https://github.com/JuliaIO/FileIO.jl)@[652ee1e7bb...](https://github.com/JuliaIO/FileIO.jl/commit/652ee1e7bb604e520b5263d52a4472b3661fe377)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 14:17:26 by Tim Holy

Major rewrite for correctness, performance

This package was started in 2015 (back in the Julia 0.3 or 0.4 days), and a lot
has changed since then. It's never really gotten a serious freshening.
This rewrite has several goals.

In modern versions of Julia, the package manager uses name/UUID combinations
to identify packages. This is far more robust and flexible than older strategies
for specifying packages. FileIO doesn't do this: it identifies modules by their
name only. We should adopt the new approach here: going forward (once the
deprecation period has passed and we release FileIO v2), all not-yet-loaded
modules must be specified by name/UUID.

There are some cases--often used in tests or transiently during development of
a new I/O package--where the handler *isn't* a registered package, and so there's
no UUID available. Currently we try to look up the module based on a `name::Symbol`.
It used to be that most modules were loaded into `Main`, then Julia switched
to `Base.__toplevel__`; currently we search both, since modules defined in the
REPL or tests might still live in `Main`.
Of course, even back in the old days, sub-modules could not be found in `Main`,
so the current system can't handle submodules.

To address the need for specifying modules that aren't packages, while
improving both correctness and flexibility, this PR allows you to
specify it by (duh) the module itself rather than the name of the module.

The combination of using either the module itself or a name/UUID combination
means that we can replace a lot of brittle & slow code. When we have the module,
we're done; when we have a name/UUID combination, we just call `Base.require`
to get the module. It even checks for us whether the module is already loaded.
End of story.

To help transition existing users to the new system, this has
"depwarn"-code to look for the module based on its name. It searches:

1. the currently-loaded modules
2. `Main`
3. The user's current `Pkg` environment

One key (breaking) difference is that this lookup is now done during `add_format`
rather than when the user tries to `load` or `save` a file. This is obviously
better for runtime efficiency, but it does change the point in the code where
an error occurs. One of the relatively changes to the tests addresses this change.

**Summary**: the new system is strictly more flexible than the old one, since we could
never previously support sub-modules. It is also strictly more correct since
the registry now specifies precisely what it means by `ImageIO`.
There is depwarn-code to help existing users transition, and the only known breakages
only concern the specific point in the code from which an error would be thrown.

In the original design of this package, `load` and `save` were designed to be
specialized by packages. To allow format-specific dispatch, we encoded the
file format into the type system using types like `DataFormat{:PNG}`.
However, at a certain point we switched to calling module-specific
unexported `load` and `save` methods. As a consequence, we don't really
need to encode the format in the type system, we can just use a runtime
value. Indeed, the downside of using the type system is that having each
format be a separate type makes it impossible to infer types. This hurts the
runtime performance, increases latency due to unnecessary method specialization
by the compiler, and increases the risk of invalidation.

However, one way in which we may *under*-specialize is for the filename.
defined in `FilePathsBase`. That's a nice change, but this package does quite
a lot of manipulation based on file name, and having the type be non-inferrable
has some downsides.

Finally, several of the container types have historically been poorly-specified,
e.g., `const magic_list = Vector{Pair}()`.

This rewrite tries to straddle two goals: improving internal inferrability
while maintaining backwards compatibility. The strategy taken is to try to
wait until the last possible moment to construct non-inferrable objects---to wait
until the results are reported back to the caller.
In this rewrite, the data format is encoded internally just as a `Symbol`,
and the file is passed around as a separate object. This prevents one from
needing to specialize on the data format while preserving inferrability for the file.

There are a couple of minor changes to internal types, and this forced a couple of
changes to the tests. Most significantly, `File{fmt}` is no longer a concrete
type, because `File` got a second type-parameter to encode the filename type.
To prevent inference failures due to varying-length tuples, this also transitions
all magic bytes from `NTuple{N,UInt8}` to `Vector{UInt8}`.

As a case study, with the existing FileIO release, I get ~50us to load a
10x10 RGB png file. With this version, it's ~25us. It's remarkable that inference
can compete with I/O as a source of slowness, but there you have it.

I've not measured latency yet, because this currently removes all `precompile`
directives. I'll add those back in after addressing review comments.

---
## [pangea-project/pangea-tooling](https://github.com/pangea-project/pangea-tooling)@[6e576d6bed...](https://github.com/pangea-project/pangea-tooling/commit/6e576d6bed28efd6a97735a578d38eafe114e4e1)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 15:11:30 by Harald Sitter

start ripping apart the watcher

this one long function was aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabsolutely horrible. so now
it's divided up into multiple methods.

this is still very horrible because there are many methods that set
arbitrary instance variables on the watcher or even mutate them in
place. omg.

there now is an assertion being made that there is no more than one dehs
package. in the past we had multiple lines per watch file resulting in
multiple packages getting returned (notably this was used for stable and
unstable urls of KDE software). this since has been removed in KDE and I
have high hopes that no other source uses this crap either so we can
greatly simplify things by not having to worry about filtering multiple
DEHS packagse along the way.

other than this is largely the same as the previous code, albeit split
up.

notification mails have had their subject line fixed up to not be so
darn similar and so we know what needs doing

also encountering unstable urls now raises instead of returns as
discussed on IRC. personally I'd do away with the check but Jon says it
still makes sense to prevent unstable KDE software from entering user
edition (arguably this should be happening in the actual build job, not
the watcher, but in lieu of moving the code there we'll simply raise
here for now)

changelog.rb has also seen some reshaking because we need access to the
raw command line string so that we can give developers a one-liner for
how to integrate the new release. kinda meh but whatever

all system calls have been changed to run through tty command which has
the advantage that failure of the git commands will actually show up as
failing jobs (instead of getting silently ignored)

---
## [KaroDev3/holbertonschool-interview](https://github.com/KaroDev3/holbertonschool-interview)@[dc050a81ef...](https://github.com/KaroDev3/holbertonschool-interview/commit/dc050a81efb007391848ce2e8ee4dbac6ccb6e12)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 15:59:51 by Diana Carolina Quintero

OMG! I'm a crack, I love myself too much, I'm so happy to be me <3

---
## [TF2Autobot/tf2autobot](https://github.com/TF2Autobot/tf2autobot)@[3259fa5eb2...](https://github.com/TF2Autobot/tf2autobot/commit/3259fa5eb2e46f350d678b8f7154dfeb0865aafc)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 17:01:47 by IdiNium

🔀Merge pull request #343 from TF2Autobot/development

https://github.com/TF2Autobot/tf2autobot/pull/343

> ## Updating the bot to this version with `!updaterepo` is NOT recommended.

## Added
- ✨`!itemstats` command - to get statistics of specific items (#281) - @arik123 / @idinium96
    - Added new env variable: `ITEM_STATS_WHITELIST` (default is an empty array, you can put valid SteamIDs here to whitelist people that can use `!itemstats` command on your bot). - [wiki](https://github.com/TF2Autobot/tf2autobot/wiki/Configuring-the-bot#owners-details-and-other-required-variables)

- `.env` ([demo](https://gyazo.com/4fa70aabefa4790eb9d851c1cbd11e5a))
```
ITEM_STATS_WHITELIST=[]
```

- `ecosystem.json` ([demo](https://gyazo.com/3893f9f4e496cca7466aa5b7e31ac0da))
```
                "ITEM_STATS_WHITELIST": [],
```

## Changed
- 💡 refactor: changed hot rod sheen emoji from `🎗` to `🌸` - @Bonfire
- 🔄 use `@tf2autobot/tradeoffer-manager` library instead of `steam-tradeoffer-manager` - @arik123
    - get rid of the `deepEqual` function, which uses a lot of CPU power.
    - reduce `pollInterval` from 30 seconds to 5 seconds.
- 🔄 increase pricelist count (>4000) & decrease delay time (from 1000 ms to 400 ms) on automatic checking for missing listings (and `!refreshlist` command) - @idinium96
- 🔨 do not auto-add painted items if spelled - @idinium96
- 🔨 do not perform `checkBySKU` for pure and weapons (that is not in the pricelist) - @idinium96
- 🔊 show more activities in debug logs on the `checkBySKU` function - @idinium96
- ✅ solve TODO in `Listings.ts`: Perform check if the item is already in the making - @idinium96
- ✅ determine whether to pick a weapon when constructing an offer (via chat), and 🛑 limit to only pick 1 weapon, and only once (#341) - @idinium96
- ⛔ automatically block banned people (chat) - @idinium96
- 🚫 do not givePrice to crates/cases - @idinium96
- 🔕 Ignore the auto-retry error and remove never read code - @idinium96
- 🎨 use better sentence - decline taking free items - @idinium96

---

## ✅ Update your bot now!

## Please delete the `node_modules` and `dist` folders for this update.

### - After deleting `node_modules` and `dist`  folders, run `git reset HEAD --hard && git pull && npm install && npm run build` and restart your bot.

### - If you're running your bot with PM2 and you add the newly added variable, then restart your bot with `pm2 restart ecosystem.json --update-env && pm2 save`.
----

🆘 Need help? Ask in [TF2Autobot Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ZrVT7mc)

💗 The more the better! Show your love by sharing your bot trades in #🔴｜community channel on [TF2Autobot Discord Server](https://discord.gg/ZrVT7mc)! Send me a DM for your unique Discord Webhook URL!

⭐ Show support! Become a [Stargazer](https://github.com/TF2Autobot/tf2autobot/stargazers) now!

---
## [team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage](https://github.com/team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage)@[7e44f95d82...](https://github.com/team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage/commit/7e44f95d82e9aaa89f9605df9bbd2ba3ab171f0c)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 17:28:07 by abigailfails

Made only one spore drop from creepers who died in the same explosion, even if more than one died

What this means is that, like mob heads, a single explosion will only drop one creeper spore from any of the creepers that died by it. The method used here (damage source comparison) is really fucking hacky but I haven't been able to think of any better options. Besides, edge cases should be very rare as I can't think of a reason why the DamageSource the explosion damages entities from would need to change.

---
## [hallonfras/haskell-bot](https://github.com/hallonfras/haskell-bot)@[efcaabd807...](https://github.com/hallonfras/haskell-bot/commit/efcaabd80764397696f89ab0cc23362fc408adc0)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 19:38:01 by hallonfras

Removing ugly ass dist folders

Removed the god damn dist folder

---
## [NothinButJohn/projectCalypso](https://github.com/NothinButJohn/projectCalypso)@[5b9f147cdd...](https://github.com/NothinButJohn/projectCalypso/commit/5b9f147cdd2ed8bce726f981c730ecc2bf2c43da)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-02 22:23:00 by NothinButJohn

heard they'd do anything for a Klondike, well id do anything for a blonde dyke. and shell do anything for the limelight, the universal dream, all the world's a stage indeed for an indifferent universe. do anybody make real shit anymore? bow in the presence of greatness. you should be honored by my lateness that i would even show up to this fakeeeeeeeeeeeeee shitttttttttttttttt. so lets go fucking apeshit and get a little ignorant, take a few shots smoke a few blunts and feel alright. life is short, we are here to make some friends hear some stories have some fun experience some stuff. aiiiiiii ball.

---

# [<](2021-03-01.md) 2021-03-02 [>](2021-03-03.md)

