# [<](2021-03-08.md) 2021-03-09 [>](2021-03-10.md)

5,338,003 events, 1,351,497 push events, 2,136,583 commit messages, 209,774,229 characters


## [DivineEntity01/Shitmented](https://github.com/DivineEntity01/Shitmented)@[d55b7da08b...](https://github.com/DivineEntity01/Shitmented/commit/d55b7da08ba37eb4a57b8ad58981c63dac74840d)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 01:16:57 by DivineEntity01

Create NoFall

FUCKING TRASH CODE GOD DAMN IT, GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE

---
## [DivineEntity01/Shitmented](https://github.com/DivineEntity01/Shitmented)@[c38d7a56f3...](https://github.com/DivineEntity01/Shitmented/commit/c38d7a56f32bdf70b5fddeaa8b316ec5c373b65c)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 01:27:22 by DivineEntity01

Update Shitmented.lua

god damn it this is a fucking piece of shit

---
## [ashuka24/gpdb](https://github.com/ashuka24/gpdb)@[f4a3fdfbdc...](https://github.com/ashuka24/gpdb/commit/f4a3fdfbdcd3763c42111318d004c2e90d072021)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 02:17:24 by Tom Lane

Avoid order-of-execution problems with ALTER TABLE ADD PRIMARY KEY.

Up to now, DefineIndex() was responsible for adding attnotnull constraints
to the columns of a primary key, in any case where it hadn't been
convenient for transformIndexConstraint() to mark those columns as
is_not_null.  It (or rather its minion index_check_primary_key) did this
by executing an ALTER TABLE SET NOT NULL command for the target table.

The trouble with this solution is that if we're creating the index due
to ALTER TABLE ADD PRIMARY KEY, and the outer ALTER TABLE has additional
sub-commands, the inner ALTER TABLE's operations executed at the wrong
time with respect to the outer ALTER TABLE's operations.  In particular,
the inner ALTER would perform a validation scan at a point where the
table's storage might be inconsistent with its catalog entries.  (This is
on the hairy edge of being a security problem, but AFAICS it isn't one
because the inner scan would only be interested in the tuples' null
bitmaps.)  This can result in unexpected failures, such as the one seen
in bug #15580 from Allison Kaptur.

To fix, let's remove the attempt to do SET NOT NULL from DefineIndex(),
reducing index_check_primary_key's role to verifying that the columns are
already not null.  (It shouldn't ever see such a case, but it seems wise
to keep the check for safety.)  Instead, make transformIndexConstraint()
generate ALTER TABLE SET NOT NULL subcommands to be executed ahead of
the ADD PRIMARY KEY operation in every case where it can't force the
column to be created already-not-null.  This requires only minor surgery
in parse_utilcmd.c, and it makes for a much more satisfying spec for
transformIndexConstraint(): it's no longer having to take it on faith
that someone else will handle addition of NOT NULL constraints.

To make that work, we have to move the execution of AT_SetNotNull into
an ALTER pass that executes ahead of AT_PASS_ADD_INDEX.  I moved it to
AT_PASS_COL_ATTRS, and put that after AT_PASS_ADD_COL to avoid failure
when the column is being added in the same command.  This incidentally
fixes a bug in the only previous usage of AT_PASS_COL_ATTRS, for
AT_SetIdentity: it didn't work either for a newly-added column.

Playing around with this exposed a separate bug in ALTER TABLE ONLY ...
ADD PRIMARY KEY for partitioned tables.  The intent of the ONLY modifier
in that context is to prevent doing anything that would require holding
lock for a long time --- but the implied SET NOT NULL would recurse to
the child partitions, and do an expensive validation scan for any child
where the column(s) were not already NOT NULL.  To fix that, invent a
new ALTER subcommand AT_CheckNotNull that just insists that a child
column be already NOT NULL, and apply that, not AT_SetNotNull, when
recursing to children in this scenario.  This results in a slightly laxer
definition of ALTER TABLE ONLY ... SET NOT NULL for partitioned tables,
too: that command will now work as long as all children are already NOT
NULL, whereas before it just threw up its hands if there were any
partitions.

In passing, clean up the API of generateClonedIndexStmt(): remove a
useless argument, ensure that the output argument is not left undefined,
update the header comment.

A small side effect of this change is that no-such-column errors in ALTER
TABLE ADD PRIMARY KEY now produce a different message that includes the
table name, because they are now detected by the SET NOT NULL step which
has historically worded its error that way.  That seems fine to me, so
I didn't make any effort to avoid the wording change.

The basic bug #15580 is of very long standing, and these other bugs
aren't new in v12 either.  However, this is a pretty significant change
in the way ALTER TABLE ADD PRIMARY KEY works.  On balance it seems best
not to back-patch, at least not till we get some more confidence that
this patch has no new bugs.

Patch by me, but thanks to Jie Zhang for a preliminary version.

Discussion: https://postgr.es/m/15580-d1a6de5a3d65da51@postgresql.org
Discussion: https://postgr.es/m/1396E95157071C4EBBA51892C5368521017F2E6E63@G08CNEXMBPEKD02.g08.fujitsu.local

---
## [luzbaza/holbertonschool-low_level_programming](https://github.com/luzbaza/holbertonschool-low_level_programming)@[9a9877185f...](https://github.com/luzbaza/holbertonschool-low_level_programming/commit/9a9877185f759705965c2d041c8f990edc6e8039)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 02:23:05 by luzbaza

 A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad

---
## [jPigg-tech/dCC_SoloCapstone](https://github.com/jPigg-tech/dCC_SoloCapstone)@[eaf5850a4e...](https://github.com/jPigg-tech/dCC_SoloCapstone/commit/eaf5850a4e205a5d07822bde08a0c0a7ade839f6)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 02:48:59 by jeffpigg5@gmail.com

Created my first chart to show calories taken in threw out the day split between Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner and snacks

---
## [canine0/zigcrawl](https://github.com/canine0/zigcrawl)@[d332705c2a...](https://github.com/canine0/zigcrawl/commit/d332705c2adff31eb59f5e4883e4b05e2242de13)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 03:05:00 by canine

New spell: Pandemonium Form (L9 Transmutations)

If you manage to get it in 3 runes, it'll carry you pretty nicely for a win. The form has large size, 35% GDR, 10 base AC with up to 6 spellpower-based extra AC, large size, 13 base UC damage and chaos-branded UC, +30% HP, rPois, rElec, flight, and randomly determined resistances to cold and fire (these can be vulnerabilities too, and the form melds all worn items, so you can't rely on your jewelry). The form also gives you demonic holiness and a set of random abilities - it can pick from some of the better draconian breaths, blinking, and/or damnation identical to the demonspawn mutation. form is also uncancellable, so you can't spam-cast it for good resistances and abilities. Chaotic spell, so good gods hate this. This replaces Haunt in the Grand Grimoire, and that spell has been moved to the Necronomicon.

---
## [nandrasaputra/DataStructureAndAlgorithm](https://github.com/nandrasaputra/DataStructureAndAlgorithm)@[a0f87d1133...](https://github.com/nandrasaputra/DataStructureAndAlgorithm/commit/a0f87d11339336d3b77012c01d2aa963f935b054)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 03:11:52 by Nandra Saputra

add hackerrank: The Love Letter Mystery Problem and Solution

---
## [monawasensei/growing-potato](https://github.com/monawasensei/growing-potato)@[608eda841b...](https://github.com/monawasensei/growing-potato/commit/608eda841b0126f7da58b36a5d751406dbfa5f78)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 03:13:31 by monax-kun

made some changes, if this doesn't work I'm gonna wholesale-ass copy youtube's code because this shit is annoying

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[3be8ff67f4...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/3be8ff67f4bef9cda61e20d6c72fc540e40d9c02)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 03:22:53 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-08: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, BC, MB, ON); mortality (MB); testing (AB).

Since AB did not provide health regions for cases yesterday due to a data system upgrade, we changed the date of all cases from yesterday (2021-03-07) to today (2021-03-08) to match cumulative health region totals.

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “9 new deaths, for a total of 10,481 deaths: 0 deaths in the last 24 hours, 6 deaths between March 1 and March 6, 3 deaths before March 1.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [elias97850/spark](https://github.com/elias97850/spark)@[8c9cae6242...](https://github.com/elias97850/spark/commit/8c9cae62420ffeeff6965cb60327973c4fed1593)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 03:26:19 by elias

Current: Commented & Organized everything

Next: Create WelcomePage and start using sizes for stuff determined on the dimensions of the device

Comment: Saludos from the past! Mmm idk what to say haha. Today I had an interview for a job, but idk how it went tbh xD, but I have to keep looking! For now, I'll keep coding, aunque this is some stupid update I think, but in the next days I'll be designing the WelcomePage to determine the devices' dimensions. Designing is kinda fun, so we'll see. I really want to get to the QuizPage tho O.O, the thing is that I started university today (last trimester!!!) so I'll slow down for sure. Goodbye for now! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POn7OdgSF9g at 0:39, right there I could dive into a majestic nap haha... I napped like 2hrs ago and I'm still thinking about napping .-.

---
## [mimiottawa/Week-6-Hist-4916-My-reflections](https://github.com/mimiottawa/Week-6-Hist-4916-My-reflections)@[5e8faa3698...](https://github.com/mimiottawa/Week-6-Hist-4916-My-reflections/commit/5e8faa36981cee1942c0eefd3bd5221fa7d8a1f7)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 04:02:59 by mimiottawa

Week 6  Niall Sara Sian 

Week 6 
Collaborative  reading



Sara
https://www.jstor.org/stable/24587086?seq=1#metadata_info_tab_contents


My reflections

It is interesting to see how technology is transforming communication patterns among museums and their visitors; the communication road is no longer one way only.
Anyone can disseminate information over the internet about a museum or a collection. 
Visitors can also talk about their personal experiences when visiting museums. 
We have seen how such institutions exercise their presence over the web and also over social media. The internet allows museums to interact with their audiences in a very dynamic manner.  
So many museums have joined Facebook and have ‘conquered’ millions of ‘friends’ who follow them and leave comments.  
This communication reciprocity allows visitors to affect the way museums address their audiences. 
Now…
How can museums control public comments?
How can they keep their online reputation?
How can they manage negative comments?

Some comments can be really hard to orchestrate.
For instance, if you go to the ‘trip advisor website’, you can find really negative comments/reviews about the Museum of Nature here in Ottawa.
Please see below a complaint from a visitor and the museum’s response. 

https://www.tripadvisor.ca/Attraction_Review-g155004-d282693-Reviews-Canadian_Museum_of_Nature-Ottawa_Ontario.html


Kelli O wrote a review Jan. 2017
48 contributions 35 helpful votes

“Worst experience!
So I brought my 2 adult daughters to see the reptile exhibit (my older one loves reptiles and has one herself) Biggest disappointment. Hardly any reptiles, no one giving information about them, and if you are going to advertise about reptiles, you should have something very unique (most were just snakes) You are better off going to Little Ray's, and I am being honest.

Secondly the volunteer's are VERY rude. My Daughter's sat down to look at the leaf table (no one was there) they were genuinely interested and started to design some leaves on the paper provided. A volunteer named "Christianne" came over and said "this is for children" and gave them the dirtiest look and kept hovering over them rudely. My older Daughter stood up, she grabbed her paper with leaves on it, and crumpled it up in front of her. Some children came to the table finally, they wanted to colour, but she grabbed the leaves from my younger Daughter and told them they were to play with the leaves.

We paid over $65 for admission for 3 people, (plus 12 for parking!) and after that promptly left. Was not worth even close to that.

you would think a Museum would want people to learn and explore, this is not the case here. the volunteer's/staff were neither helpful or polite.

I really hope they read this and take action. your volunteer made my Daughter's feel awful and in turn I felt horrible for even bringing them as no one deserves to be treated like that. We will not be returning and take our complaint higher. If you do not want young adults to learn or participate you should make that clear before you charge us for admission!”

Date of experience: January 2017

Response from ‘museumofnature’, Communications Officer at Canadian 

Museum of Nature
Responded Jan. 29, 2017

“Thank you for your comments. As a national museum and major attraction in the National Capital Region, we want to ensure the best possible experience for our visitors. Feedback such as yours is very, very important.    We’re sorry that you were disappointed with our current Reptiles exhibition. It is a travelling, educational exhibition from an accredited zoo in the United States and has been received quite well by our visitors. It’s unfortunate that it didn’t meet your expectations.   We deeply apologize for the experience you had at the hands-on botany station. The intention there is to have the plant-mounting activity for adults and a paper leaf craft for children. We’re very sorry that your daughters had a negative experience with a volunteer at that station. We are looking into the situation and will re-examine our current volunteer training. A positive museum experience for visitors of all ages is our utmost priority. Thank you so much for drawing this to our attention.    We hope you will visit us again. On June 21, we are opening our new Arctic Gallery (included in museum admission) which will offer genuine specimens, artifacts, multimedia and unique perspectives on this vast, mysterious and little-understood region.   Again, thank you, and please accept our apologies.”

Niall 
https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/9780470996836.ch28
My reflections

When I think about non-Western models of museum curations, the work of Sandra Benites comes to mind.
She is the very first Brazilian Indigenous curator, from the Guarani people. She is working for the MASP Museum in Sao Paulo. Her goal is to bring not only the Indigenous works of art into museums, but also their voices. Specially considering how Brazilian history and geography books usually do not include the Indigenous voices in their texts. She mentions how the Indigenous people of Brazil is simply ‘not afraid anymore’. Sandra is working hard so the narratives and world vision of the Indigenous people can be heard. Therefore, she is organizing an exhibition with sculptures, paintings, photographs, dance and song performances from Brazilian natives. She mentions how this exhibition is also the concretization of the Indigenous people’s cry. They cry for the deforestation of the Amazon, they cry for the way how mining and hydroelectric stations are destroying their land. She hopes that through art demonstrations, they can have their voices heard, thus a dialogue can be initialized. She also mentions the importance of including the work of Indigenous women into this exhibition. 

References
Knopp, J. G. B. “Transformações Na gestão Da Alteridade: Curadoria Compartilhada No Brasil”. Encontro De História Da Arte, nº 14, dezembro de 2019, p. 687-94, doi:10.20396/eha.vi14.3397.


Sian
Sharing Authority: Creating Content and Experiences 
My reflections 
Collaboration, Contribution and Co-creation
When I think about the issue of sharing authority within the museum environment, I think about the sharing of authority even among curators themselves. Apparently, there is a ‘camouflaged struggle’ among prestigious academic curators and self-taught curators. Last week, I was able to watch a great movie on Netflix called ‘The Dig’. Please see the YouTube link below.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZQz0rkNajo
It portraits a landowner called Edith Pretty who hires a local self-taught archaeologist-excavator named Basil Brown to tackle the large burial mounds at her rural estate in Sutton Hoo (near Woodbridge). 
However, the news of the discovery soon spreads, and Cambridge archaeologist Charles Phillips arrives. He declares the site to be of national importance, and takes over the dig by order of the Office of Works.
Brown's contributions to archaeology were recognised ONLY in 2009 by a plaque in Rickinghall Inferior Church.

---
## [thennal10/yikes](https://github.com/thennal10/yikes)@[4582e223f7...](https://github.com/thennal10/yikes/commit/4582e223f70e26b1d5aaadc79026eab32e08171a)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 04:42:21 by thennal

rt can go fuck itself

the command breaks a couple days into production

the only reason I can think of this working the way it does is rt blocking random ips, which would definitely make sense but it's not something I can really do shit about, so

---
## [reshxs/devops-project](https://github.com/reshxs/devops-project)@[5ce1daeceb...](https://github.com/reshxs/devops-project/commit/5ce1daecebc570306d418013712194de12d6d88d)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 05:40:30 by Андрей Емельянов

Products auto id on add

Goods renamed to products (Yeah, I love my English :smile: )
We don't need now to pass "product_id" in params to method "add_product"

---
## [makingglitches/CensusScripts](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts)@[85a50df9f7...](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts/commit/85a50df9f75d513dbe54f2c92b89f0c76fcd9208)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 05:58:13 by Magical Marvelous MADMADMAD Mister Mim !

hurrsay for this thingamjig i just recreated along with an updated comment about this fucking fag sitting here acting like a hole in the wall is something he wants to put his dick in probably associated with his psychological abnormality his daddy and friends raped into him. for real. and raised his dumbass to believe for some reason.

however the whole being an outlet he really ought to stick his dick into it.
sure it will fucking fit.

---
## [Areal4972/nitrogen](https://github.com/Areal4972/nitrogen)@[3f45efec96...](https://github.com/Areal4972/nitrogen/commit/3f45efec961f3a106fd18cf308f6763548a8ed91)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 08:53:23 by Areal

Fixed bugs and added new, faster nitro checker to the website!

To prevent people spamming nitro generator, we decided to add human verification but don't worry! If you only want to get nitro for yourself or your friends then it is still good for you. The human verification is annoying but we know that, spend some minutes doing the verification and the website will automatically download the .txt file! Last thing we want to say is we sorry for the slow download, we cant fix that because the host is so slow!
Thanks you for reading and used our service! from Areal and other members with loves!

---
## [UtopicUnicorns/ArtemisV3](https://github.com/UtopicUnicorns/ArtemisV3)@[74e1171676...](https://github.com/UtopicUnicorns/ArtemisV3/commit/74e11716768be0a4bb52cb301d7d4ade06950d18)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 08:57:34 by UtopicUnicorns

V3 stuff

Added description and example usages to every command. I hate my life.

---
## [Lenni/F_Praktikum](https://github.com/Lenni/F_Praktikum)@[775a5e0789...](https://github.com/Lenni/F_Praktikum/commit/775a5e0789caed2d5ffc0e31b9e0ee4ab33bcb0c)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 14:40:26 by PhilippRo

Philipp playing nation fuck you python with insanity buff

---
## [shivatejapeddi/platform_vendor_aosp](https://github.com/shivatejapeddi/platform_vendor_aosp)@[7472b8b336...](https://github.com/shivatejapeddi/platform_vendor_aosp/commit/7472b8b3362b5232dc3ca27f7bb0c7e5004a633e)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 16:31:48 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Arghya Chanda <arghyac35@gmail.com>

---
## [Curtis1811/HexGame](https://github.com/Curtis1811/HexGame)@[6a371e9475...](https://github.com/Curtis1811/HexGame/commit/6a371e9475986dc4fd8023c529c4af13fb2cc052)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 17:01:48 by Luis

3v3 4v4 skeleton alpha map lol poggers; basic UI implemented within Luis folder (fuck knows); cursor poppin too huge!; epic folder created for testing reasons to see if commits worked lol :)

epic little changes from what I've done before I think, maybe, lol. Curtis I am so sorry, I love you <3

---
## [michael-small/personal-site](https://github.com/michael-small/personal-site)@[308a4e2883...](https://github.com/michael-small/personal-site/commit/308a4e2883e0e4734b949996071cc9b6eef91fba)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 20:06:20 by michael-small

Render JSX/HTML from GraphCMS in `GraphQLDemo FC` &` CodeDialog FC`

Ok, this is a lot of stuff... sorry. I got obsessed with getting
all of this working from the importing of queried data to rendering
as highlighted JSX. Explanation:

`GraphQLDemo FC` now pulls two queries to display content. The
'h2/p1/p2' from 'graphQLDemo' as it already exists now exists
alongside another query, 'demoCode' that grabs
'title/fileName/gitHubLink/richText (HTML)/multiline' from a different
type of content entry. The demo page currently has `demoCode.multiline`
embedded in it through the `<SyntaxHighlighter` library component.
The highlighter can turn strings, such as 'multiline', and show them
as `<code>` blocks highlighted like the respective language would be
in an IDE/text editor.

So basically, I put the code of the `GraphQLDemo FC` component
into GraphQL as a string and it shows up on the page looking like
a text editor's view of the code. However, this code preview will be
moved to a new component: `CodeDialog FC`.

`CodeDialog FC` opens up when a "View Code" button is clicked.
It shows the title of the code, file name, permalink to file on GH,
and a very crude rendering of the HTML of the code from the page.
The JSX highlighting from `GraphQLDemo FC` will be moved out of there
and placed into `CodeDialog FC`. I am commiting it as is right now to
highlight some of the bigger ideas that I learned along the way...

1) React renders HTML through its implementation of `innerHTML`, which
it calls `dangerouslySetInnerHTML`. This is to note that injecting
HTML into the DOM can open up the site to vulnerabilities like XSS.
To circumvent this, I use the "DomPurity" library to sanitize it.
There was alternatives that rolled up the injecting and sanitizing
into one component to inject things, but I prefer this approach
because it highlights the dangers of injecting HTML directly into
the DOM.

2) Export formats of rich text can be tricky. GraphQL offers
rich text as HTML/Markdown/Raw/text. Raw is it's own thing I won't
get into, but HTML/MD/txt all inject their own `\n` and `\t` syntax
to represent newlines and tabs, respectively. Injecting HTML into the
DOM naturally called for HTML, but then I couldn't use highlighting
libraries. The multiple libraries that I tried wanted only strings.
But they were not straight forward in their docs on how to format
the text such that the newlines and tabs are rendered rather than just
their special characters in text. So I spent a lot of time trying to
figure out how to get the code to render properly. Ultimately,
none of the options on rich text worked perfectly, and I realize that
rich text was overkill. GraphCMS offered multiline text, and it
*just worked*. No overhead from rich text, even its own 'text' type
obstructed the highlighter's input and output process.

In retrospect, this doesn't look so complicated and I was overthinking
certain aspects and not thinking of more basic solutions. But in the
end I learned about displaying various data formats safely in the
DOM, so that's a good take away.

The next step will be to move the JSX block w/highlighting from the
demo component to the dialog component, and making the code toggle
component function. But I have to go to work soon, and this is a
huge commit anyways.

---
## [WURacing/firmware](https://github.com/WURacing/firmware)@[6a8ef03f54...](https://github.com/WURacing/firmware/commit/6a8ef03f545fdffccfdafbe84bdbe081ff1000a4)
#### Tuesday 2021-03-09 23:24:57 by Connor Monahan

Fuck ADC1, all my homies hate ADC1

For some reason, the presence of ADC1 being enabled in slave mode
would corrupt the reading on AIN0, the first sensor. This commit adds
a feature flag to disable dual-ADC mode entirely.

Now that I think about it, the reason for the issue is probably that
the second ADC wasn't configured to read anything, so when it was
triggered to start it would read one channel anyway. Since reverse_adc1
was set to the default value (0 == sensor1), it corrupted the reading
for sensor1.

So two solutions to this problem:
- disable this new feature flag when only using channels on ADC0
- jk this is the only reasonable solution

---

# [<](2021-03-08.md) 2021-03-09 [>](2021-03-10.md)

