# [<](2021-08-30.md) 2021-08-31 [>](2021-09-01.md)

3,360,218 events, 1,559,653 push events, 2,475,723 commit messages, 206,100,665 characters


## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[8b320b2b57...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/8b320b2b573128f4576542965f23ccd9b789a9c2)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 00:01:20 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Basic Mobs: the cooler simple mobs that run on datum AI. (With reworked cockroach AI as proof of concept) (#431)

* Basic Mobs: the cooler simple mobs that run on datum AI. (With reworked cockroach AI as proof of concept) (#60694)

Simple_animals / mobs are the biggest lie in this code-base. They're far from simple and have an extreme god-object problem. Especially when you get to /hostile, where there is so many procs, vars, and what not, that you can't make any interesting additions without snowflaking the hell out of the code.

This PR hopes to help kill this problem by introducing a new /living subtype, /living/basic. The idea of this refactor is to slowly start moving all old simple_animals to this new system, moving over behaviors like charging and more extravagant mobs like megafauna over bit by bit similar to how newfood was implemented.

One of the other big goals of this refactor is to move many of the fringe simple animal behaviors into either AI datums, or components/elements. (Some of which still needs to be done in this PR).

As a proof of concept, I created the base mob/living/basic, and moved cockroaches over to the system. Since cockroaches have both a passive, melee and ranged mob.

This PR does slightly affect balance as the behavior isn't 1-on-1 due to it no longer running on the janky /hostile behavior, but I tried to keep the effects to a minimum, and the glockroach and hauberoach are not spawnable through many means as far as I know.

* Basic Mobs: the cooler simple mobs that run on datum AI. (With reworked cockroach AI as proof of concept)

Co-authored-by: AMonkeyThatCodes <20987591+AMonkeyThatCodes@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [intel/tdx](https://github.com/intel/tdx)@[875fcfe836...](https://github.com/intel/tdx/commit/875fcfe836167ea9d28ddc57727275373078f7d9)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 02:06:48 by Kirill A. Shutemov

x86/traps: Add #VE support for TDX guest

Virtualization Exceptions (#VE) are delivered to TDX guests due to
specific guest actions which may happen in either user space or the kernel:

 * Specific instructions (WBINVD, for example)
 * Specific MSR accesses
 * Specific CPUID leaf accesses
 * Access to TD-shared memory, which includes MMIO

In the settings that Linux will run in, virtual exceptions are never
generated on accesses to normal, TD-private memory that has been
accepted.

The entry paths do not access TD-shared memory, MMIO regions or use
those specific MSRs, instructions, CPUID leaves that might generate #VE.
In addition, all interrupts including NMIs are blocked by the hardware
starting with #VE delivery until TDGETVEINFO is called.  This eliminates
the chance of a #VE during the syscall gap or paranoid entry paths and
simplifies #VE handling.

After TDGETVEINFO #VE could happen in theory (e.g. through an NMI),
but it is expected not to happen because TDX expects NMIs not to
trigger #VEs. Another case where they could happen is if the #VE
exception panics, but in this case there are no guarantees on anything
anyways.

If a guest kernel action which would normally cause a #VE occurs in the
interrupt-disabled region before TDGETVEINFO, a #DF is delivered to the
guest which will result in an oops (and should eventually be a panic, as
we would like to set panic_on_oops to 1 for TDX guests).

Add basic infrastructure to handle any #VE which occurs in the kernel or
userspace.  Later patches will add handling for specific #VE scenarios.

Convert unhandled #VE's (everything, until later in this series) so that
they appear just like a #GP by calling ve_raise_fault() directly.
ve_raise_fault() is similar to #GP handler and is responsible for
sending SIGSEGV to userspace and cpu die and notifying debuggers and
other die chain users.  

Co-developed-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kirill A. Shutemov <kirill.shutemov@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Tony Luck <tony.luck@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kuppuswamy Sathyanarayanan <sathyanarayanan.kuppuswamy@linux.intel.com>

---
## [nbarudi/ServerNetwork](https://github.com/nbarudi/ServerNetwork)@[25f6792a6d...](https://github.com/nbarudi/ServerNetwork/commit/25f6792a6d5ac6f9fd86f89d4008239e75deeb24)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 05:21:18 by nbarudi

Please Kill Me Now!

Minecraft reflection is about as annoying as it gets!

But that being said, I have done a solid job at atleast knowing how to make it function at all.. It doesn't function great, but it still works!!!!!

So things to keep in mind for anyone wanting to read this over:
DONT!!!
You will probably have a stroke, lets be honest.. I was having a stroke while writing it. But it works! so its staying, its probably the worse possible way I could have made it, but that doesn't matter since it is currently 1:20 AM and I am not in the mood to try and clean up the code (not that it would be too hard).

So here is what was added:
The 'XRay' System now only shows for the player who will use the item! It will not show for any other players. This means people cant cause others to crash by spamming their xray ability.. The only people they will crash, is themself!

Something else.. Made a ReflectionUtility class to allow for some future reflection systems should I need them.. Hopefully I wont, because god this was a living hell to get functioning!

---
## [TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad)@[cee56cc6ff...](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad/commit/cee56cc6ffffac20e8d3d94cd0f9719e991364ba)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 09:20:14 by TwinkleInstituteAB

Create MBBS In Russia After NEET Exam

Studying Medicine in Russia: Is it a Good Idea?
 

Study mbbs abroad in russia is sort of a dream for each medical student. MBBS Russia has been additional well-liked amongst students from India. Since 1996 Indian students UN agency square measure fervent to become a doctor and to complete their dream Indian students started travel there.

 

How Medical college in Russia are Different
Over the years, more and more Indians have been considering studying Medicine In Russia. An aspirant will be able to get admission to 8 faculties of Medicine with good experience. Amongst 8 faculties, 5 faculties are offered by the Federal State Medical University “Sumy”, 6 faculties are offered by the Medical Research Institute of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Mordovia, and 1 faculty is offered by the Novosibirsk State Medical University. Frequently asked questions: What kinds of classes are offered by the various faculties? MBBS specialisation can be obtained in the following programmes: Anatomy, Pharmacology, Physiology, Psychology, Forensic medicine, Pathology, Microbiology, Clinical Medicine, General Surgery and Psychiatry.

 

Why MBBS Russia is so Popular?
The Reason for the popularity of MBBS in Russia is that it is given to the top of ranking students. According to the requirements set by the education ministry, those students who have scored high in the NEET exam have a chance to enter into one of the top medical colleges in the country. But more than that, the most interesting part is that students of Russian origin get the chance to study in Russian educational institutions at a relatively cheaper cost. Another beautiful thing about this choice is that the terms of study abroad for Russian students are much better than the terms of study abroad for Indian students. Their studies are not dependent on the students of other nationalities and they are able to stay there during the whole year.

 

What to Expect When study mbbs abroad inrussia
Obviously, you would have a lot of questions about your future in Russia. While a huge majority would ask why would you want to go to Russia, here are the main reasons: It is a Good Idea for Medical Students to studyMBBS in russia Russia offers very low-cost education for you to study Medicine. In some cases, students might be able to get free education. It may also depend on the high demand from the universities for their MBBS graduates. The cost of accommodation and food is very low. Just be careful about choosing the best hostel. It may be very expensive. It is important to know the cost of food and accommodation in your cities before you travel to Russia. You will have to work in shifts too. If you have a solid plan, you can survive the rigorous schedule of a student.

Conclusion
There are many benefits for students to study medicine in Russia. This country is one of the most modern medical facilities which can be called an oasis of scientific development and medical education. The quality of education and the educational system in this country is very high. Students can perform their studies comfortably there in terms of safety, security and comfort. Find more detail here about MBBS Russia, India, for people who are trying to apply for MBBS.

---
## [xuyj1111/demo](https://github.com/xuyj1111/demo)@[76671b8c11...](https://github.com/xuyj1111/demo/commit/76671b8c110c07c08ebaa9dd92e0157d33cf0308)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 10:24:18 by yujun.xu

fix bug for jpa,because i forget jdbc and dataSource,but fuck you

---
## [Jrius/korman](https://github.com/Jrius/korman)@[aff3a42bd4...](https://github.com/Jrius/korman/commit/aff3a42bd4370c53cacfbf412ad9231261503a41)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 10:25:43 by Adam Johnson

Clearly deliniate the circles of hell.

If we've unleashed Satan on a material, he will perform his dark magick
on the material colors. Therefore, we need to prefix the satanic
materials with something other than "RTLit_" lest the plain old runtime
lit materials be infected by the prince of darkness.

---
## [microbit-foundation/python-editor-next](https://github.com/microbit-foundation/python-editor-next)@[131b90c811...](https://github.com/microbit-foundation/python-editor-next/commit/131b90c811067e2c05a29792c181fbcf9fbdb1b4)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 11:34:05 by Matt Hillsdon

Add diagnostics and autocomplete.

Adds support for the Pyright language server based on a fork with
browser support. This PR uses a build from
https://github.com/microbit-matt-hillsdon/pyright/tree/background-worker
as of 03d67527beb5c8e9ede2e9baa7bab83ed481237f.

Key limitations:

- The type stubs are incorrect causing user confusion. We cannot ship
  these proof-of-concept stubs.
- We might consider some more student focussed error messages for
  common scenarios.
- We might like to add hover, signature help, documentation for
  completions and other features that require more language server
  integration.

See #240, #239

Not sure about this but matches iframe version.

CM 0.19 stacks these now.

Looks way better like this than split between above/below.
The error even goes first.

Ugly but functional workaround.

There isn't much by way of well maintained alternatives.

The VS code one is vscode-jsonrpc maintained in https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-languageserver-node
Unlike the rest of that project, it doesn't look to depend on vscode
itself. It's a little bigger but not my much. Maybe we should try that.

Use the Microsoft RPC implementation.

It's a little larger but much more promising.
Next I'll strip this back to the connection and rebuild it bit by bit.
A key question is connection lifetime. I think we want it to last for
the entire session but be used my multiple CM instances. So we need to
be able to deal with those differing lifetimes.

Start of a new client.

This class just does the text document sync operations and
initialization. This will live longer than any given CodeMirror editor.

Baby steps to new client.

Unused for now.

Attempt at custom jest env.

Integrate new client.

We'll pull the point that documents get opened up, and integrate with
the app file system in a bit. First we need to debug what we have :)

Diagnostics work. Typeshed is broken though.

Add clean-up of subscriptions.

Fix typings.

Roughly the right shape for multi-file support.

Not working as expected though. It is definitely aware of other files
but only seems to update them when I open them in the editor.

Pull out the URI munging.

Not looked at escaping etc. just centralising for future consideration
before I make a mess.

Split out the listener. Test the diff.

Unintended debug.

Fix initial diff. Tidying.

Behaviour still not as expected but pretty convinced that I'm sending
the notifications I intend to.

Rename.

Pull out method.

Baby steps toward supporting background analysis.

Doesn't work yet but that's down to changes on the Pyright end.

More background thread progress.

Fixes bug in diagnostics. It seems you can only listen for each
notification once so the per-editor version was overwriting the global
version. Now we redispatch the notification in our client.

Version with working invalidation.

Bump to version with less crazy debug.

Autocomplete.

Might need to review how we deal with isIncomplete on the completition.
I think what this needs most is some practical feedback from using it
though.

Tidy autocomplete.

Version without debug.

Don't access capabilities before init.

We could do with making this impossible.

Ensure we're initialized.

As a bonus check we have completion support.

Add boost rules.

Tidy up.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7856db94e5...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7856db94e581ae1624d9078b32604c1eaf18a083)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 12:51:31 by Marko Grdinić

"9am. Yesterday I was nervous about the meeting, but for some reason after it was done is when I began to really begin to feel stressed. I had a hard night. Do I have any mail? Nope.

Let me fill out the Intel prescreening form to start the day.

9:20am. That was easy. They are asking me some easy questions they could have gotten from the resume.

9:30am. Some Reddit posting in that closure thread.

Now let me read the Satanophany raw and Tog.

Right, I realized that I wrote two entries ago I would lie on the resume if nothing happens by the end of the month. I really meant by the end of next month. This ideas floats to the top of my head occasionally. Let me just say that I won't do it, simply because it wouldn't work for me. I'd definitely get busted trying to talk my way through during the interview. It would be a huge difference if I had only a month or two experience working for some company and then presented myself as working for years, but right now my hand is too poor to even bluff with it.

I won't talk about this again.

10:10am. Ok, let me chill just for a bit more and then I'll do the Green Hills tech challenge. After that I'll get back to work on Spiral.

10:30am. Ok, enough messing around. Let me try that Green Hills challenge.

It is a multiple choice exam. I have absolutely no idea what it is going to be about. If is about obscure C++ mechanisms, I still do not know bunch of them. I did not really pay attention to the second lecture on move semantics so I am not sure what std::forward does exactly. Nor do I know how template var args work. Sigh.

Well, let me just go forward.

///

Instructions
Time: 90 minutes

25 Questions

DIRECTIONS: This multiple-choice test contains questions designed to test your general programming aptitude. Each of the questions in the test is followed by six suggested answers. For each question, select the best answer by selecting the corresponding circle. When you are done, you can submit the exam by clicking the “Back to questions list” button in the top left corner (just above the question mark button), and then clicking the “I am done with the test' button at the bottom of the page. Alternatively, clicking the “Continue” button at the end of the exam will also take you back to question list, where you can click the “I am done with the test' button. You will be timed out of the test after 90 minutes. You will not be able to log back in to your test after completion.

SCORING: Each correct answer scores 4 points; each incorrect answer costs 1 point. Unanswered questions do not affect your score. It is generally to your advantage to guess at an answer if you can eliminate three or more answers.

CODE SAMPLE: Please upload a sample of code you individually authored in either C or C++.  A couple hundred lines would be sufficient as long as it shows your programming experience with a complicated project. Please provide code for the entire project and not just an excerpt. Include a short description of what the code does in a file called README.txt.  If the sample is from a group effort, please indicate which portions or files you wrote in README.txt. Please do not send confidential information or Intellectual Property belonging to another company. If you want to provide a link to your code sample, you can simply upload README.txt and place the link inside the file.​ Otherwise, a zip file containing your files is fine as long as you limit it to 25MB.

///

Oh, the code sample part would be trouble for me right now. The only to get through this is to go back to v0.09 and compile some of the old Cuda projects and send that.

Let me do that before I start the test.

```fs
let poker3 =
    "poker3",[cuda_modules;loops;poker;poker_players;timer],"The iterative test for NN MC based players.",
    """
inb s = CudaModules (1024*1024*1024)
Struct.iter (inl i ->
    inl learning_rate = 2f32 ** to float32 i |> dyn
    Console.printfn "The learning_rate is 2 ** {0}" i
    Loops.for {from=0; near_to=1; body=inl {i} ->
        inl num_players = 2
        inl stack_size = 10
        inl max_stack_size = num_players * stack_size
        open Poker {max_stack_size num_players}
        open PokerPlayers {basic_methods State Action}

        s.refresh
        inb s = s.RegionMem.create'
        s.CudaRandom.set_pseudorandom_seed (to uint64 i)

        Console.writeline "------"
        Console.printfn "The CudaRandom pseudorandom seed is {0}" i

        inl rate = {weight=learning_rate; covariance=learning_rate ** 0.85f32}
        inl a =
            open (Learning float32)
            inl network = RNN.rnn 128
            player_ac {rate network name="One"; discount=1f32} s
        inl b = player_rules {name="Two"}

        met f game (!dyn near_to) (!dyn near_to_inner) =
            Loops.for {from=0; near_to body=inl {i} ->
                Timer.time_it (string_format "iteration {0}" i)
                <| inl _ ->
                    inl a = a.data_add {win=ref 0}
                    inl b = b.data_add {win=ref 0}
                    Loops.for {from=0; near_to=near_to_inner; body=inl {i} ->
                        s.refresh
                        inb _ = a.data.player.region_create'
                        game stack_size (a, b)
                        }
                    inl a = a.data.win ()
                    inl b = b.data.win ()
                    Console.printfn "Winrate is {0} and {1} out of {2}." (a,b,a+b)
                }

        f game 30 1000
        //open Poker {max_stack_size num_players log=Console.printfn}
        //f game 10 1
        }
    ) (-11)
    """

output_test_to_temp cfg (Path.Combine(__SOURCE_DIRECTORY__, @"..\Temporary\output.fs")) poker3
|> printfn "%s"
|> ignore
```

I never thought I would find a use for this. But in fact, pasting the compiled output.

10:45am. Ok, I have it. It is 10k of compiled code. The first 2k lines are Cuda code.

10:45am. Let me start the test.

There are 25 multiple choice questions and I have 90 minutes for them. If they merely test general programming aptitude I won't have trouble with them.

https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/fc11b96a810fdaa6753b3e2805fda8f9c079edb2/Games/GamesTests.fs#L216

Let me write the readme for the code submission.

///

This is the compiled output of: https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/fc11b96a810fdaa6753b3e2805fda8f9c079edb2/Games/GamesTests.fs#L216

You can get the same result yourself by running the F# project. The C++ part is the first 2.4k lines.

What that link is pointing to is Spiral code written in an F# string which then gets compiled to a combination of Cuda C++ and F#. The Cuda code itself gets placed inside a string at the start of the output. The `poker3` project itself is made up of a ML library, a poker game, and a neural agent it is trained on vs a handcrafted static bot. Running `output.fs` itself would compile the Cuda kernels to .ptx after which the ML library would be able to call them.

Link (Cuda kernels): https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/fc11b96a810fdaa6753b3e2805fda8f9c079edb2/Cuda/CudaModule.fs#L1270

Like everything else, I’ve written all the Cuda kernels by myself, though in some of them I’ve called out to the Cub library where applicable. It is not a pure C++ project, but hopefully having created a language that compiles to it in part would be satisfactory for a compilers position.

If it is not, currently I am working on a ref counting C backend for the v2 version of the Spiral language. I’ll be done in a few weeks and will be able to demonstrate the project that I did in it easily enough.

///

Show off. But it is good. Let me zip it and then I'll send it.

11:25am. Ok, now I can start the test. Instead of that, let me take a short break here. In fact, I should have breakfast first.

12:30pm. Adjusted the readme a bit and reuploaded it. At any rate I am done with both breakfast and Higurashi Gou. I've really been liking the second half. I should have it earlier instead of just lurking the threads.

12:35pm. Nevermind that. Let me do the multiple choice question quiz. It says it will take 90m, so that is what I will be doing.

It is time to do this.

12:40pm. Ok, let me take some time to do the first question.

2:15pm. Ok, this multiple choice exam was very hard. I had to skip several questions and in the end I was still pressed for time. If I got half right I'd be happy.

Seriously, how the hell does !A B look like in a venn diagram?

Basically I understand `and`, `or`, `not` and not much else.

https://youtu.be/m4shN9iCJOM?t=823

Ah, right right.

...Ok, I think I got that question right then. My intuition guided me to the correct answer.

2:20pm. In summary, the test had various questions from low level assembly, to finding bugs in C code, to high level concurrent logic in some kind of Prolog like language. It had me trace the execution of finite state machines and what else.

If I had an extra hour or half, I might have been able to do all the questions, but I just couldn't make it in time.

2:30pm. Ok, if I fail this one, I am happy that the job would go to somebody who can take it.

That one concurrent question bugs me.

```
main() {generate(3,list)}
generate(n,list)
{? x == 0 -> list = []
   x >= 0 -> [x,xs] = list
             generate(n-1,xs)
             x = n*n - 2*n
    default -> list = [0,1]

}
```

It was this kind of Prolog like concurrent language. The problem is that x == 0 and x >= 0 are interlapping and the question said in the previous problem that when multiple conditionals are true that the result is undefined. I think what should happen is that branching should happen on both. But that also flies in the face of unification being done here.

In the end I had to guess between 3 of the choices at random. I went with {3,0,-1,0,0,1}.

I must have misread something.

I wish I could have done one of the state machine question, but it said that it starts from an unknown state, and asks me to pick the shortest from the list of possible inputs which one guarantees that the machine will end up in state B. One mistake I made in that problem is not mentally filtering out the irrelevant outputs sitting next to the state transitions.

If it gave me a starting state instead of leaving it undefined, things would have been a lot easier.

Well, I'll see how it goes.

2:45pm. Sigh, the software world is harsh. I think I should go over the halfway mark on this kind of test, but you never know. I can't imagine there being that many people in the world who can ace it.

Let me do the chores.

I'll admit, if every place I applied to just sent me this kind of test, we'd be living in a just place."

---
## [leanprover-community/mathlib](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib)@[f961b28041...](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/commit/f961b28041ad901e12ff55653c93a640000da4d5)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 12:52:05 by Kevin Buzzard

chore(deprecated/*): Make deprecated classes into structures (#8178)

I make the deprecated classes `is_group_hom`, `is_subgroup`, ... into structures, and delete some deprecated constructions which become inconvenient or essentially unusable after these changes. I do not completely remove all deprecated imports in undeprecated files, however I push these imports much further towards the edges of the hierarchy. 

More detailed comments about what is going on here:

In the `src/deprecated/` directory, classes such as `is_ring_hom` and `is_subring` are defined (and the same for groups, fields, monoids...). These are predicate classes on functions and sets respectively, formerly used to handle ring morphisms and subrings before both were bundled. Amongst other things, this PR changes all the relevant definitions from classes to structures and then picks up the pieces (I will say more about what this means later). Before I started on this refactor, my opinion was that these classes should be turned into structures, but should be left in mathlib. After this refactor, I am now moving towards the opinion that it would be no great loss if these structures were removed completely -- I do not see any time when we really need them.

The situation I previously had in mind where the substructures could be useful is if one is (in the middle of a long tactic proof) defining an explicit subring of a ring by first defining it as a subset, or `add_subgroup` or whatever, and then doing some mathematics to prove that this subset is closed under multiplication, and hence proving that it was a subring after all. With the old approach this just involves some `S : set R` with more and more properties being proved of it and added to the type class search as the proof progresses. With the bundled set-up, we might have `S : set R` and then later on we get `S_subring : subring R` whose underlying subset equals S, and then all our hypotheses about `S` built up during the proof can no longer be used as rewrites, we need to keep rewriting or `change`ing `x \in S_subring` to `x \in S` and back again. This issue showed up only once in the refactor, in `src/ring_theory/integral_closure.lean`, around line 230, where I refactored a proof to avoid the deprecated structures and it seemed to get a bit longer. I can definitely live with this.

One could imagine a similar situation with morphisms (define f as a map between rings, and only later on prove that it's a ring homomorphism) but actually I did not see this situation arise at all. In fact the main issue I ran into with morphism classes was the following (which showed up 10 or so times): there are many constructions in mathlib which actually turn out to be, or (even worse) turn out under some extra assumptions to be, maps which preserve some structure. For example `multiset.map (f : X -> Y) : multiset X -> multiset Y` (which was in mathlib since it was born IIRC) turns out to be an add_group_hom, once the add_group structure is defined on multisets. So here I had a big choice to make: should I actually rename `multiset.map` to be `private multiset.map_aux` and then redefine `multiset.map` to be the `add_monoid_hom`? In retrospect I think that there's a case for this. In fact `data.multiset.basic` is the biggest source of these issues -- `map` and `sum` and `countp` and `count` are all `add_monoid_hom`s. I did not feel confident about ripping out these fundamental definitions so I made four new ones, `map_add_monoid_hom`, `sum_add_monoid_hom` etc. The disadvantage with this approach is that again rewrites get a bit more painful: some lemma which involves `map` may need to be rewritten so that it involves `map_add_monoid_hom` so that one can apply `add_monoid_hom.map_add`, and then perhaps rewritten back so that one can apply other rewrites. Random example: line 43 of `linear_algebra.lagrange`, where I have to rewrite `coe_eval_ring_hom` in both directions. Let me say that I am most definitely open to the idea of renaming `multiset.map_add_monoid_hom` to `multiset.map` and just nuking our current `multiset.map` or making it private or `map_aux` or whatever but we're already at 92 files changed so it might be best to get this over with and come up with a TODO list for future tidy-ups. Another example: should the fields of `complex` be `re'` and `im'`, and `complex.re` be redefined as the R-linear map? Right now in mathlib we only use the fact that it's an `add_group_hom`, and I define `re_add_group_hom` for this. Note however one can not always get away with this renaming trick, for example there are instances when a certain fundamental construction only preserves some structure under additional conditions -- for example `has_inv.inv` on groups is only a group homomorphism when the underlying group is abelian (and the same for `pow` and `gpow`). In the past this was dealt with by a typeclass `is_group_hom` on `inv` which fired in the presence of a `comm_group` but not otherwise; now this has to be dealt with by a second definition `inv_monoid_hom` whose underlying function is `inv`. You can't just get away with applying the proof of `inv (a * b) = inv a * inv b` when you need it, because sometimes you want to apply things like `monoid_hom.map_prod` which needs a `monoid_hom` as input, so won't work with `inv`: you need to rewrite one way, apply `monoid_hom.map_prod` and then rewrite back the other way now :-/ I would say that this was ultimately the main disadvantage of this approach, but it seems minor really and only shows up a few times, and if we go ahead with the renaming plan it will happen even fewer times.

I had initially played with the idea of just completely removing all deprecated imports in non-deprecated files, but there were times near the end when I just didn't feel like it (I just wanted it to be over, I was scared to mess around in `control` or `test`), so I removed most of them but added some deprecated imports higher up the tree (or lower down the tree, I never understand which way up this tree is, I mean nearer the leaves -- am I right in that computer scientists for some reason think the root of a tree is at the top?). It will not be too hard for an expert to remove those last few deprecated imports in src outside the `deprecated` directory in subsequent PR's, indeed I could do it myself but I might I might need some Zulip help. Note: it used to be the case that `subring` imported `deprecated.subring`; this is now the other way around, which is much more sensible (and matches with submonoid). Outside the deprecated directory, there are only a few deprecated imports: `control.fold` (which I don't really want to mess with),`group_theory.free_abelian_group` (there is a bunch of `seq` stuff which I am not sure is ever used but I just couldn't be bothered, it might be the sort of refactor which someone finds interesting or fun though), `ring_theory.free_comm_ring` (this file involves some definitional abuse which either needs to be redone "mathematically" or rewritten to work with bundled morphisms) and `topology.algebra.uniform_group` (which I think Patrick is refactoring?) and a test file.

If you look at the diffs you see that various things are deleted (lots of `is_add_monoid_hom foo` proofs), but many of these deletions come with corresponding additions (e.g. a new `foo_group_hom` definition if it was not there already, plus corresponding `simp` lemma, which is randomly either a `coe` or an `apply` depending on what mood I was in; this could all be done with `@[simps]` trickery apparently but I didn't read the thread carefully yet). Once nice achievement was that I refactored a bunch of basic ring and field theory to avoid the `is_` classes completely, which I think is a step in the right direction (people were occasionally being forced to use deprecated stuff when doing stuff like Galois theory because some fundamental things used to use them; this is no longer the case -- in particular I think Abel-Ruffini might now be deprecated-free, or very nearly so). 

`finset.sum_hom` and `finset.prod_hom` are gone. It is very funny to do a search for these files in mathlib current master as I write -- 98% of the time they're used, they're used backwards (with `.symm` or `\l` with a rewrite). The bundled versions (`monoid_hom.map_prod` etc) are written the other way around. I could have just left them and not bothered, but it seemed easier just to get rid of them if we're moving to bundled morphisms. One funny observation was that unary `-` seemed to be a special case: we
seem to prefer `-\sum i, f i` to `\sum i, -(f i)` . For almost every other function, we want it to go the other way.

---
## [avar/git](https://github.com/avar/git)@[22d5507493...](https://github.com/avar/git/commit/22d550749361ff2a480bc4263ae21919368851ed)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 13:00:47 by Luke Shumaker

subtree: don't fuss with PATH

Scripts needing to fuss with with adding $(git --exec-prefix) PATH
before loading git-sh-setup is a thing of the past.  As far as I can
tell, it's been a thing of the past since since Git v1.2.0 (2006-02-12),
or more specifically, since 77cb17e940 (Exec git programs without using
PATH, 2006-01-10).  However, it stuck around in contrib scripts and in
third-party scripts for long enough that it wasn't unusual to see.

Originally `git subtree` didn't fuss with PATH, but when people
(including the original subtree author) had problems, because it was a
common thing to see, it seemed that having subtree fuss with PATH was a
reasonable solution.

Here is an abridged history of fussing with PATH in subtree:

  2987e6add3 (Add explicit path of git installation by 'git --exec-path', Gianluca Pacchiella, 2009-08-20)

    As pointed out by documentation, the correct use of 'git-sh-setup' is
    using $(git --exec-path) to avoid problems with not standard
    installations.

    -. git-sh-setup
    +. $(git --exec-path)/git-sh-setup

  33aaa697a2 (Improve patch to use git --exec-path: add to PATH instead, Avery Pennarun, 2009-08-26)

    If you (like me) are using a modified git straight out of its source
    directory (ie. without installing), then --exec-path isn't actually correct.
    Add it to the PATH instead, so if it is correct, it'll work, but if it's
    not, we fall back to the previous behaviour.

    -. $(git --exec-path)/git-sh-setup
    +PATH=$(git --exec-path):$PATH
    +. git-sh-setup

  9c632ea29c ((Hopefully) fix PATH setting for msysgit, Avery Pennarun, 2010-06-24)

    Reported by Evan Shaw.  The problem is that $(git --exec-path) includes a
    'git' binary which is incompatible with the one in /usr/bin; if you run it,
    it gives you an error about libiconv2.dll.

    +OPATH=$PATH
     PATH=$(git --exec-path):$PATH
     . git-sh-setup
    +PATH=$OPATH  # apparently needed for some versions of msysgit

  df2302d774 (Another fix for PATH and msysgit, Avery Pennarun, 2010-06-24)

    Evan Shaw tells me the previous fix didn't work.  Let's use this one
    instead, which he says does work.

    This fix is kind of wrong because it will run the "correct" git-sh-setup
    *after* the one in /usr/bin, if there is one, which could be weird if you
    have multiple versions of git installed.  But it works on my Linux and his
    msysgit, so it's obviously better than what we had before.

    -OPATH=$PATH
    -PATH=$(git --exec-path):$PATH
    +PATH=$PATH:$(git --exec-path)
     . git-sh-setup
    -PATH=$OPATH  # apparently needed for some versions of msysgit

First of all, I disagree with Gianluca's reading of the documentation:
 - I haven't gone back to read what the documentation said in 2009, but
   in my reading of the 2021 documentation is that it includes "$(git
   --exec-path)/" in the synopsis for illustrative purposes, not to say
   it's the proper way.
 - After being executed by `git`, the git exec path should be the very
   first entry in PATH, so it shouldn't matter.
 - None of the scripts that are part of git do it that way.

But secondly, the root reason for fussing with PATH seems to be that
Avery didn't know that he needs to set GIT_EXEC_PATH if he's going to
use git from the source directory without installing.

And finally, Evan's issue is clearly just a bug in msysgit.  I assume
that msysgit has since fixed the issue, and also msysgit has been
deprecated for 6 years now, so let's drop the workaround for it.

So, remove the line fussing with PATH.  However, since subtree *is* in
'contrib/' and it might get installed in funny ways by users
after-the-fact, add a sanity check to the top of the script, checking
that it is installed correctly.

Signed-off-by: Luke Shumaker <lukeshu@datawire.io>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [AnGgIt88/Finix_kernel-4.9-rosy](https://github.com/AnGgIt88/Finix_kernel-4.9-rosy)@[aa8db0826b...](https://github.com/AnGgIt88/Finix_kernel-4.9-rosy/commit/aa8db0826bf166d47be1eadbcdf29443658a15e2)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 13:12:37 by Angelo G. Del Regno

Merge: Performance improvements.

This patchset brings some performance improvements and the addition of the LZO-RLE
algorithm to the kernel, also usable in zram (yup, tested, works but LZ4 is still ok for us).

The main performance improvement is for SWAP space: the locking has changed and
the swap cache is now split in 64MB trunks.
This gives us a reduction of the median page fault latency of 375%, from 15uS to 4uS,
and an improvement of 192% on the swap throughput (this includes "virtual" swap
devices, like zRAM!). The real world user experience improvement of this on a mobile
device is seen after a day or two of usage, where it usually starts losing just a little
performance due to the large amount of apps kept open in background: now I cannot
notice any more performance loss and the user experience is now basically the same as
if the phone was in its first 2 hours of boot life.

Other performance improvements include, in short:

    UDP v4/v6: 10% more performance on single RX queue
    Userspace applications will be faster when checking running time of threads
    2-5% improvements on heavy multipliers (yeah, not a lot, but was totally free...)
    Improvements on rare conditions during sparsetruncate of about 0.3% to a
    way more rare around 20% improvement (that's never gonna happen, but there
    is no performance drop anywhere).

Tested on SoMC Tama Akatsuki RoW

This was taken from
Repo:
https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/kernel
PR: 2039 ([2.3.2.r1.4] Performance improvements)

---
## [hvl578005/DAT250_Assignment1](https://github.com/hvl578005/DAT250_Assignment1)@[53d532363c...](https://github.com/hvl578005/DAT250_Assignment1/commit/53d532363cb9a2059112b2670950ed5c3d729575)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 13:19:09 by Kathrine Hermansen

Rename README.md to dat250-expass1.md

#DAT250 Assignment 1 - Short Report

##Technical 
This assignment went fairly well, except for the last few downloads. Downloading IntelliJ, JDK and Maven went fine, however I am uncertain whether I downloaded Maven correctly... The Heroku tutorial was very descriptive and nice so I think that went fine too, however when I came to mvn clean install it didnt work. So I had to use \.mvnw clean install, and had to use it everytime I wanted to push local changes. Problems also occured when I came to the database part. I haven't used postgresql in such a long time so when I downloaded it I couldn't find it and Heroku couldnt find postgresql downloaded on my computer. After much googling, I figured I should rather use Postgre.app instead of postgresql because its more user friendly and has all important packages. So I did that and then changed the path to find Postgre.app, then the database worked! Then another really frustrating problem occured. I wanted to push my code to github, but since I already wrote many git commits in the getting ready with Heroku guide it didnt want to push my code, since it was already pushed I think. So I tried to deploy using Heroku Git but it didnt work, I dont know why. 

##Validation
I checked that the software development is working with getting the results the getting-started tutorial said we should. 

Here is the link to my app https://agile-fortress-80563.herokuapp.com

---
## [dakkshesh07/parallax_kernel_realme_rmx1921](https://github.com/dakkshesh07/parallax_kernel_realme_rmx1921)@[1e5a56ca4b...](https://github.com/dakkshesh07/parallax_kernel_realme_rmx1921/commit/1e5a56ca4b04e294e306a01e5b3fde852e7110e1)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 13:41:08 by Francis Yan

BACKPORT: tcp: instrument tcp sender limits chronographs

This patch implements the skeleton of the TCP chronograph
instrumentation on sender side limits:

	1) idle (unspec)
	2) busy sending data other than 3-4 below
	3) rwnd-limited
	4) sndbuf-limited

The limits are enumerated 'tcp_chrono'. Since a connection in
theory can idle forever, we do not track the actual length of this
uninteresting idle period. For the rest we track how long the sender
spends in each limit. At any point during the life time of a
connection, the sender must be in one of the four states.

If there are multiple conditions worthy of tracking in a chronograph
then the highest priority enum takes precedence over
the other conditions. So that if something "more interesting"
starts happening, stop the previous chrono and start a new one.

The time unit is jiffy(u32) in order to save space in tcp_sock.
This implies application must sample the stats no longer than every
49 days of 1ms jiffy.

saalim :- Drop rate_app_limited from tcp header (already present)
original :- https://github.com/danascape/kernel-msm-4.14/commit/05b055e89121394058c75dc354e9a46e1e765579#diff-4ddfd98f3453244962e17ac121bea6162887af47d0531ba6e2cf49a941edf2c9

Signed-off-by: Francis Yan <francisyyan@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Yuchung Cheng <ycheng@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Soheil Hassas Yeganeh <soheil@google.com>
Acked-by: Neal Cardwell <ncardwell@google.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Signed-off-by: danascape <saalimquadri1@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Dakkshesh <dakkshesh5@gmail.com>

---
## [soddokayo/soddokayo.github.io](https://github.com/soddokayo/soddokayo.github.io)@[8d8d694968...](https://github.com/soddokayo/soddokayo.github.io/commit/8d8d69496818ef77092ff0a68be6b063b44e9f68)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 14:07:30 by soddokayo

Merge pull request #3 from soddokayo/master2

fuck you jekyll

---
## [ctech9/ctech9](https://github.com/ctech9/ctech9)@[bcd3ac312e...](https://github.com/ctech9/ctech9/commit/bcd3ac312eefb8f83c745b7948eeceaf496cd272)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 14:19:37 by ctech9

the fuck you want me to say, i fucking updated the readme file

---
## [crackerjackmack1/crackerjackmack1.github.io](https://github.com/crackerjackmack1/crackerjackmack1.github.io)@[757ec0fa00...](https://github.com/crackerjackmack1/crackerjackmack1.github.io/commit/757ec0fa0045996d2eeeab78bb5e0ea75161d7cf)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 14:22:46 by crackerjackmack1

Updated to version 1.55c

Added 6 songs to list:
Came to My Rescue
Change My Heart Oh God
Draw Me Close To You
Holy Spirit You Are Welcome Here
Humble Thyself / Awesome God
Open Up The Heavens

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[ed0b6769b6...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/ed0b6769b62bc7da0501dd6aefbf222c69bea318)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 14:55:43 by terrynmuse

the following debuffs can NEVER be reapplied to you while you already have them (except by auras)
 berserked
 hexed
 lovestruck
 purified
 stunned
 cursed
 silenced
 frozen
 webbed
 stoned
 distorted
fixed life champ spawn anim mp desync

---
## [chweesee/linkOSs](https://github.com/chweesee/linkOSs)@[8e31c085a1...](https://github.com/chweesee/linkOSs/commit/8e31c085a1baebce3498404244c4d38d50e907e3)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 14:56:19 by AakashSharma7269

Fixed the hostname so it says root@linkOSs on boot and edited passwd
file to make the new user, idk if this is alright and might break the
build but i'm too lazy to test it so fuck you

---
## [FontoXML/fontoxpath](https://github.com/FontoXML/fontoxpath)@[c424b668f7...](https://github.com/FontoXML/fontoxpath/commit/c424b668f70c578b5da31049d84464da9fce515d)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 15:14:54 by Martin Middel

[minor] Add a new ResultType.ALL_RESULTS that does no magic

The ANY result type is annoying. It returns a single node, empty arrays, filled arrays, objects,
etcetera.

This was a mistake from the beginning on. While it is very cool to have an XPath 'just work', it
causes bugs and the ugly pattern `if (!Array.isArray(result)) {result = [result])`. Also, attribute
nodes are atomized.

No longer! Just use the ALL_RESULTS type that does _what you expect_. This also deprecates the ANY
result type. FontoXPath 4.0 _will_ drop support for ANY!

---
## [Eeveelution/TaikoTools](https://github.com/Eeveelution/TaikoTools)@[795d795ccf...](https://github.com/Eeveelution/TaikoTools/commit/795d795ccfd7fbf7bc4023b0635dcd3a767828bb)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 15:29:14 by Eevee

this is legit fucking impossible i fuckjing hate myself

---
## [cophfe/petit-voleur](https://github.com/cophfe/petit-voleur)@[d23598deba...](https://github.com/cophfe/petit-voleur/commit/d23598deba6d2fdfd0f9405f746b9f814bfea9bf)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 16:05:00 by cheese

Holy shit a lot
> Updated all Breakable prefabs for some reason (i think explosion velocity)
> Added a valuable fork Item
> Got rid of some unecessary prefabs
> Added a light to the player for the dark
> Added a roof and a den to the environment
> Also a window
> Baked lighting, but now the scene kinda ugly doe
> Main scene in general got a huge change to fit the MVP
> Forgive the massive lighting bake data :(

---
## [Kiraaa02/scripts](https://github.com/Kiraaa02/scripts)@[c1da05fee5...](https://github.com/Kiraaa02/scripts/commit/c1da05fee568020cf3b5f0dd4340a9dfaf82cdbb)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 16:19:49 by Kiraaa

Update sakurastand.lua

_8kDQJ4nrzkGBk2Gv, Protected_by_MoonSecV2, Discord = 'discord.gg/gQEH2uZxUk'


,nil,nil;(function() _msec=(function(_,_l,__)local ___ll_=_l[(0x2522/194)];local _l_ll_=__[_[(-#{",",'nil';'nil',{},97}+691)]][_[(-#{(function()return{','}end)();27,'nil',(function()return#{('fFoFhm'):find("\111")}>0 and 1 or 0 end),27,173,{}}+749)]];local __l_l=((8890/0x7f)+-#[[This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off]])/(0x22-(178-((0x1a3-(0x172+-116))+-#'Federal was here...')))local _l__=((0x72-(148+-0x4c))/21)-((90+-0x17)+-#'This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off')local _ll___=__[_[(-#"hi paster"+(0xc2+-18))]][_[(23030/0x62)]];local _lll_=(-#'moonsec > telecrypter'+((-#[[balls in ur jawz]]+((761-0x19e)-0xeb))-74))+(0x53+-81)local _ll__=__[_[(-#':)))))))'+(27685/0x31))]][_[(837+-#{'nil';'nil';(function()return#{('MKlLPP'):find("\108")}>0 and 1 or 0 end),{},'}'})]]local ___=((132-0x77)+-#"dm me +stfu")-((((((511276-0x3e6ae)+-#"This file has been disenchanted with grindstone, fuck the fuck off")/116)+-103)/0x8c)+-#"fortnite balls")local _lll=((0x9c-((-#{{};'nil';{},'nil',(function()return{','}end)(),'}',(function()return{','}end)()}+12547)/0x6e))+-#'You have deobuscated the code well done')local _l_l_=((-0x10+(-#'heres a hint: repeat until nil'+(0x6e-(-#[[MoonSec V3 cracked download not clickbait]]+(0xb2+-21)))))+55)local ___l=((((4283+(-70-0x4))+-0x39)/173)+-#'boy what the hell boy')local __l__=(9+-#{106,1,'nil';69;",";{}})local __l_=((60+-#{(function()return#{('LkKFhh'):find("\75")}>0 and 1 or 0 end);'nil';33;(function()return#{('LkKFhh'):find("\75")}>0 and 1 or 0 end)})-53)local ___l_=(0x76-(-0x4c+(-#[[I have enchanted this script with uncrackable V, your only option is to fuck the fuck off.]]+((-2278/0x22)+0x15c))))local _l__l=(-#[[FREE LUA OBFUSCATOR DOWNLOAD REAL NO FAKE 2024]]+(162+(-133-((-795/(-0x45+228))+-#"win+L = solution"))))local _l_ll=(0x170/(-#"This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off"+((0x90a0-((0x9143-18637)+-#'sussy amogus'))/0x75)))local _ll_l=(0x7b-((-0x49+(-#'federal u suck let me do fucking emojis in here asshole'+(0x3f9-(1193-0x285))))-0xde))local ___ll=((0x137-(0x1ee-(310+-#{'nil';1,","})))+-120)local __lll=(-#{78;",";{},",";54}+9)local ____l=((-#'c0ck'+((((-66624+0x81ec)+0x4108)+-#[[troll the teibal]])/0xbc))+97)local _____=(90-(-0x66+(-#"This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off"+((78455-0x9977)/0x99))))local _l___=(-#{",",'}';'}','nil'}+6)local ____=(-105+(-84+(((597+-0x3c)-0x146)+-#"control c, control v")))local _l_l=(-#'v3 has it'+(((-0x32+((160566-0x139ae)/158))+-#'Federal shackled his children')/0x27))local _ll_=((0x5b+(((-#[[This code was obfuscated using PSU, which stands for Penis Sucking Utilities]]+(-0x19d5+-80))+-31)/0x88))+-#"<@!847154787934011462> shut the fuck up")local __ll=(296/(-#[[Bu ruqen kim amk her yerde goruyorum]]+(399-(-#[[Me when moonsec:]]+(0x1f0-(0x237-302))))))local ____l_=_[(1335+-#{{};'nil';(function()return#{('mblfkM'):find("\108")}>0 and 1 or 0 end);7;(function()return#{('mblfkM'):find("\108")}>0 and 1 or 0 end)})];local _ll_l_=__[_[((-0x5a+366)+-#"<@761654159095103499> <@761654159095103499> <@761654159095103499> <@761654159095103499> <@761654159095103499>")]][_[(967-0x219)]];local __l_l_=__[(function(_)return type(_):sub(1,1)..'\101\116'end)('^+,}*%,#')..'\109\101'..('\116\97'or'}!,.//+$').._[(54586/0x62)]];local _lll__=__[_[(0x24b+-30)]][_[(-#"go ahead. replace loadstring with dump. do it."+((0x101a-2097)-0x417))]];local _l____=(-#{'}','}',",",53;1}+7)-(((170+(-91+0xd))+-#"I have 0x in my nickname and I am cool.")-0x33)local ______=(-#"protected by Federal Scripting Utilities"+(0x1c0e/(-#'Federal likes femboys'+(0x1cb-((0x260-313)+-#'Yeah this is getting cringe-')))))-((0x92+-125)+-#[[Jeff Bezos approved]])local __ll__=__[_[((0x1c2-257)+-#'MoonSec V7 coming out soon')]][_[(-#[[c0ck]]+(0x104ac/166))]];local _l_=function(__,_)return __.._ end local __l___=(16/0x4)*(0xf0/(((513-0x119)+-#'This script has been obfuscated using your mom')+-0x7e))local _l__l_=__[_[((-#"A table equals to b which equals to size difference between my testicles"+(201331-0x18967))/84)]];local __l=(69-0x43)*(-#"Day 2 of telling federal that he spilled out his milk"+((0x34b3+((-103+0x13)+-#'sleep is nice'))/0x4a))local _l_l__=(43008/0x2a)*((-#[[PSU Deobfuscation Speedrun AnyPrecent WR]]+((0x3564c/36)/0x51))+-0x21)local __lll_=(-104+((-0x29f2/118)+247))local _llll=((0x1221/(0xd0-(-#[[Roblox is written in assembly you dingus]]+(3454/((0xd6-169)+-#"PSU and MoonSec winning")))))+-#'fuck uncrackable V all my homies use unmethable V')*(0xe8/116)local __ll_=__[_[(-#{68;{};31}+1018)]]or __[_[(-#'starmcommunity.ru/scamlink'+(0x4f0-681))]][_[(-#{68;{};31}+1018)]];local _ll=(-66+((7-0x3d)+376))local _=__[_[(1274+-0x40)]];local ___l__=(function(__l)local _ll,_l=1,0x10 local __={j={},v={}}local _l_=-___ local _=_l+_l__ while true do __[__l:sub(_,(function()_=_ll+_ return _-_l__ end)())]=(function()_l_=_l_+___ return _l_ end)()if _l_==(__l___-___)then _l_=""_l=_l____ break end end local _l_=#__l while _<_l_+_l__ do __.v[_l]=__l:sub(_,(function()_=_ll+_ return _-_l__ end)())_l=_l+___ if _l%__l_l==_l____ then _l=______ _lll__(__.j,(__ll__((__[__.v[______]]*__l___)+__[__.v[___]])))end end return _ll__(__.j)end)("..:::MoonSec::..!*%&/+^,;.:_#$}=!;:$^/*_$&;./!=,:}^+*#$&.=/*=;:=%$%_$/;_/%&=*.$+;%*_=+_+^$%+:_;,&==.:;+,_&+#&*$,;}/+^%*#$#;^/#=}__^!*#$/.!/$=+_.^&%;}!}:$}.*/;==!/#}.*/!$++&!!_,^}^#/*!,.$^^%:}+;=/!=.&}!__.,!%,&+!/_}^}%$}*;./%=_%:!#__,%%.%*!##%,/%#$#;$/#!,+&!^_$,/:%/&!%#/}/#},+%#}&}%#^,+%!}/.#/$==:/,;%=}_,}/^!}#,/$#+,;%=}^!/_+,;%,.!&.},.}++/=%_$_:&/.!%#:,%&^_}&.}.:!+,+}&*$$:#/=*&#_^;$/,$&/}_}._};/!_}&:;/=!;#;,+%.}$::^!:+^!*%#.;!:,/=!}#};^:,;;&;}=:^#/,.&=}..}+}*$+**_##;&&:&.!.#$,:&.}.*,=%:.^!*,#};+&#=&#*^}*;#=;^.*^&%!#+;**.=+_%+:*}#;;$/+=^&==^:$^/*_$%.*;!$/_.^+*#$&$^_!+_*!$%^$/!}#__+}%%,$*}$+;#/&=:_*+;+}!,;$//=_#/$^%!$,;}+/=#_&^:%*=&;=/^=$_+^_%/$._!_#=}_+^#%&$:.;/;%+&#^$%/$_.;/.!*_,,!%+}!*,/:!*_;,+%^$}.//=;^_.,!%,!}.+/$!&##$}%;$=.^+_!/__,%&_/*.,/=!+#^,&%:}*_;/=!^_},/%#}%.}+!*._},+%=}&:!+*!;_=,^%$}/.#+%!##!,.%}!+.#+&!_#*,.%==&.$+/!_#%,:&!}..}++!##&,:&*};.=+^!$#^,_&^}.:!+,!}=%,#&/}:#*#$!=#_,$&;}_:^+.&^!%,}&:}#$!+:*%#;;=&^=*%;+_*%#.:$&,}=:+,#._#:;^&;=&:^+}*/$$!*&.=,:,,!*+##;&&:!_:;^/*^$/;/&$=%:=:+*,$&;++/=&:_^**.#=;:#*=/:_^%&*$!;;&}=.&!^&*:$*_+&==,:$,^;;$%;}/!=::}^+*#$&.,/*=}:=^:*$$/;_+/=._!^}*}$=;#/&=:$*^;*=$$;$/_=__}^./!$,;}/#=#_:^:&+$;:=/^=$__^_%.$.._/,*}_+^#%:$:.;/;!;_^,=%/$_.:/.**_,^}%+$#.&/:!^_;,,%^$}./+$!%_.,+%,}^.+/#!&##,*%;}+.^^!!/__,%%.}!.,+&!+_},&%_}*::/=!^#%,/%}}%..+!!,_},+&%}&.}+*!;_=;;%$}/:%+%*&#!,,%}!+.#+&**#*,=%==%.$,/!_#%;!&!}}.}^.!#}&,:&*}=.=+$!$#=,_+%}.:!+}!}##,#&#}:_&+;!=#},$/.}_:%+.*!#,,}&:}#:_+:*%#;;+:}}$:/+_%*#.;*&,=!:+^!.,#:;*&;=}:^+}*/#=!^&.=!:,+}*+#$;&&:;%:;+=*^#};/&_=%:.^**,#};+#*=;::^**;/%=^.}^_*.^^*.$!;,+!^%:#^&*:$%;;&==^:=:$*_$&;./!=,:}^+*#=:;:/*=;_*^^*}$/;_$&=._!^,*=$+;#/&=:_*^;*=$^.&//=__%;!%_$,;}/+/;%%#$;%//$=_%+}%$$!./=!.//,=}_+$&;//,=^:*!;_^^$%/*}=:::,%*;$*../*!+,,!:_;^=%^&/=+_,^$!#}!;#/&=.$*!:_:,*%;%=!%:},$%!}/.#!$.=/}!+_#__.=/}=._$,+%^$;&%}%..+!*.!!,+%$}&.#+*!;_=.^%$}/.#+%!:#!,#%}!+.#+&!_#*,.%=},.$,/!_#%,:&!};.}+;!#}&,:&*}..=+,!$#:,_/%}.:!+;!}#.,#&&}::*+;!=#^,$&+}_:%+.**#,,}&+}#:_+:**#;}}&$}$:/+_^%&+}*_!+&*,#=:}$/;*&;}=}$#%;;*}},:_^^*!#*,:#$;,&:=*:;$^,,&^=;::=$:.^!*,*:=/.=+/*^_*;/&!==:%^^*:^;*.$!;,;_^/*:#;.&=*;./;=^:$^/+}&:}:_%+;**$.;*/+#$/+=;:=^^;/&+=;:,::_;^,*}$+#$:^^}*:$};!/:=%+&=__%^.&%//;}/+=#_^^:%*$;;=^*=$_/^_%&$..%/,!/!$^#%&$:.=/;!!_^^$%/$=*^/.!!_,,#%+$$.&+#^}_;^=%^}/.//_!%$.;/%,$}.+/#!&_#,*&:$=.^/=!/_#,%%.}!.,/}!+_#,&%#}*.:/=%^_$,/%_}%..+!!__}.+%#}&.:+*!;_=,#%$!/._+%!.#!,,%}}:.#,&!:#*,;%=}^.$+#!_#%,.&!},.}+,!##/,:&+};.=+^!$#/,_&&}.:!};!}#+,#&/}::*+;!=#^,$&/}_:,+.*!#,$,/!}#:&+:,%&$=&:++&*._},$=:_:+,*_:#+#*&#:};.$^&!$#%;%/*!,&}=!:,+};+&}}#:;^++.^,*^#$;/;^+_*+##,;/&=,.$/#:}^**;#==*:^^!*,^}*.$!;,+!+::#^/*:$&;;&==^:$^/*_$&;./*=,_!^+%#$&;:/%=;_&^^*$$/.$/%=._*^,%*$+;#/&!#_*^;%*$^;}//=__%^.%!$,.*/+=#_&^:%*$;;=/^=}_/^}%%$:.!/$=}_+^#%&}+.*/.==_^^$%;+=.%/.!!#%^}%^$#:+_,!*_.^=%_$$.//_!%=%,!%;$}.^/#!/_:,*_.$=.^/$!+__,%%.}*.,/}!+_#.^%:}*.;_$.;#%#!!__;%&._#,$+,=%#}&.:.;^$&&#..%+^**__^#%+=_%}}+.#+&!:#*/;^}%;$+$:!_:%+*._+;+}&*%/#&,:,*##%,,./$/.;*&%}.:!.:,$&*}_:+*$%+!/!}#+&#=#*%:&..#*$$,}&+}#*+_#;.%.=%:.+%*;#/,^!&:=^^%!$_;#/,=$_*^;%^$=#_/,=}_+^#%&$:**+/}&;_&:=*:;:,;_&:}+:.^**%#/_%}/;+&#=&*##&.!&!=._!+.*=#_,$!:_^^$%,}!./+%!/_=,!%_}/.!+,_/,._=#,:&/#$_+;._/*=;:=_;;%//=,:_+#**$_;&&.$=_,^.%&#.;^&_#=_#&=:.:;}=*#,%!/&}$_$}/!$,}%.,_},&.,%%$..!/,=}_+^#^&_,.,/;==_^_!^:/$=&_^^+*!,,%+$#.&:*,!%:$:../$=+:}^,_.$;%^$$$/%^!+}%&!.,}&.^/$!/%%$&.^/+/,/}!+_#,&%:#*!,;==.#/,/%_}%}=_+^:&%}/.}*^$$+$!;_=,^;!/+!^#,,_%*.,,%+:!.#!;&}$,;%=*:#&/.,^_}__}!.%,:/=:_,+$:*.:,,#^!!$#/,_,;+%*%_#^*%:}}:./=*&._*+#^,$&/%=!&#^,*%}}&}+::+&,:$*=^}*%+:#$*+}*%#.;!:++&*#=^;!&.%/,;!=:=*=$&,_.%;%$;^^/.#}_!#%_};}/#,**,#;%:#&&*^=^!*,#};+&#=&.::!.#*/#,,#&&,^+^}*!=&,^&=:#%%&:}.#!_,=&*:$^/*_}/_//!=,:},.*#$&;:^*=;:=^^*$$/;_//=.#%^,*}$,;#++=:_*^;*=$^;$//=__/^.%%$,:}/+=#_&^:%*$;:^/^*$_/^_%%$..!/,!;_+,}%&$:.%/;*!_^^$%/=_.%/.!*_,^=%+=..&+#!*_;,*%^!!.//_!%#_,!%,}*.+/$!&_:,*&:$=.^+*!/_=,%%.}!:./}!+#*,&/&}*.;/=*;_$,/&*}%_;+!!,_};,%#}&:*+*%;_=,^%$=^._+%**#!;^%}}+.#^+!:#*;*%=!/.$+/!_$/,.&!=*.},*!##&,:/&};.=^*!$$%,_&%}._%+,!}$*,#&=}::*+;%*#^,$/*}_#/+.*!#,,}&+}#:/+:*}#;;*&^==:/+_*/#..;&,}}:+^}*&#:;/&;=%:^+$*/$$;%&.=/:,,/*+##;&+:=*:;^&*^$*;/+;=%__^!*,$&;+/&=&::^*%:#=;^/&=/_}^%*.$!..&}=+_&^&*=$*;;&==^:$^/*=$%.!/!=.:},,*#$&;=/*!&:=^^*$}^;_/%==_!,!*}$+;#++=:_*^=*=$#;$//=_$%^.%!$};}/#=#$!^:&&$;;=/}=$#.^_%%$.:%/,=}_}^#&;$:.*/;**_^^$%}$_:,/.!!_,^}%+$#.:/:!__;,*%^}=.//_!:_.,;%,$}.++}!&_:,:%;!!.^/$!/#$,%%.}:.,+}!+_#,&&#}*.;+:!^$*,/%_}%_.+!!,#.,+&,}&.#+**:_=,^&:}/:;+%!.#!,,%}}+:,+&*,#*,:%=!^.$+/*^#%;/&!!%.},+!##&;^&*=&.=,!!$#/,_&%=,:!+,!}#+,#&&}::*^,!=#,,$&/}_:%+.*!$,,}&,}#:&+:**#;,=/,}$:,+_*%#.;!&,}}_,+#*,#:;*&;}=:^+$%,#_;,&.=!:,+}*+##.,&:=,:;+=*^#$;/&_!,:.^,*,#};+&#=&::,,*;$,;^&$=/:_^%*.},;,/,=+:#^&*:$*;;+,=^_,^/*_$%;./!=,_:^+&/$&;_/*=;:=^^*$$/;#/%=._!^,*=$+;#/&=:_*^;*==&;$//=_!:^.%!$,;}/+$#%%::_#}!;=/^=$=#}!;=&:=}_^^,*.&&%:$:.*/;^^*_}*;_/!!!_=^=__^}%+$#=__=^;*$%!%$$$.//_+;*}$&._/$!,,==+},_///#:,;;&*}=:}*&/}!.,/}+*%_$^;_/$};__^,&^$..$}&.=+!!,_}_.;$+!=__;^$%},=%$}/._.+,*%*}.;=/;*!_;,#&!;.%=}^.$:^,!&%}+../:==#.,*%,#$:++,**_,,/%.:;&#}.:!+,++%:=!;^/=*&#},;%.}%%,!*:%+.*!&.}!:$/$*^#$,^&#};.:%,$&;://=$_*^=%*$#;$/;!*/;/&}=:^+$+_&!=^,#+;*!#:,.&}};:;}&:;+=*^#$;/*_^,}.#=*:#};+&#&#*$:%.$$+;^&$=/=_#},:/.}#_!_#_*^&*:$*=;:!+=*=$,;:$^;./!=,%+#^;+/,_,+,=;:=^^;=&^!&:&^#%&##.%&}=!,$%.}!.:++!^#*,,%_}%:!+.,%.;/+=#_&_!;:/:=/..^%%^}*;,/_==/_=}_+^#.!&_!+_!$#_#^$%/$_$+;=,%*;$_;:*=._/:!*_;_:;=/.!!:#,,%_$*:=$=.^/=!&_:,*.^//!$,.!/__,%%.}!.,/}!+;&,:%:}*.;.=,%*}}$.!+/!#$+!$_},+%#%^!._$,,&*:.!:};._+%!.%,$;._/:}#+&!:#*;:.#}^.$+/!}#%,.&!},_.++!##&,_&*}:.=,^;%#/,_&%}.:!^}!}}__,&&}::*:,!=#,,$/#}_:^$$*!#,,};/}#:/+:%&&+,=&^}$_++_*%#..%.!}}:^+#&!#:;*&;!=:^+$*+#_;&&.!_:,,}*+##;/&:=%:;^#*^#$;/&_=&:.^%*,#};+&#=&::^**;#=;^&==/:=^%*.$!;,;:=+:$^&&:+.;;//=^_*^/%:$%.__==,_+^+%#$&;:/*=;#.^^%%$/.%/%=__!^$^&$+.*/&!#_*^.*=$,;$/;,=_%^.%!}.;}/^=#_,}}%*$;;=.%=$_+^_&//^.!/#=}$%^#%&$:_*_$==__^$%.$_:$/.%!%#^}%:$#.;/:!;_;,+;;$$.;/_*:_.,*%,}&.++!;,_:,*%;=,.^/}!/_==^%.}!.,.:!+_$,&/:+^.;+/!^#*,/&/}%_..:!,#/,+&*}&.#+**:_=,^&/}/_*+%!.#!.,%}}+:&+&**#*.*%==;.$+/*&#%.&&!},.}^,!##&;&&*!%.=+^!$$^,_&%=&:!,*!}#+,#&&}::*+=!=$!,$&^}__/+.*!#=,}/&}#:&+:%&#;,=&=}$_.+_*%#.:!&,}}:}+#*##:;+&;!*:^+$*}#_;,&.=!:,,}*+##;$&:=_:;,;*^$=;/&_=$:.,:*,#};+/}=&::^$*;}.;^&$=/_$^%*.$$;,+;=+:#^&*:$*;;/.=^_:^/*$$%._/!=,_.^+%;$&;:/*!::=^^%.$/:!/%=._!;,*}$+.;/&!^_*^#*=};;$//!;_%;+%!$,;}^+=#_&,,%*}+;=+==$#^^_%%},.!/;=}_+^#&+$:.*+,==_,^$%/$_://.!!#,^}%^$#.&/:!*_;^=&&$$://_!/_.;%%,$}:&/#*^_:,*%;=*.^/$*&__;,%.}!.,^}!+_#;%%:=!.;+&!^#=,/%_=%..^+!,_},+/#}&.:^*!;#=,^&*}/:$+%!.$*,,/_}+.#+&%:#*,;/!}^:}+/*^#%;_&!},_*++*^#&,:&*};.=+^*}#/;}&%}_:!,,!}#+;$&&=_:*^!!=}^,$&/=$:%^:*!$_,}&+}#:&^}**#},=&^}$:/+_*%$};!&}}}:++#*&#:;*/}}=:}+$*/#_;%&.=!_}+}*}##;&&:=*:;+=%}#$;}&_=%:.^!*,#}.}&#=}::^**;#=;^&$!}:_^}*.$!;,&}=+:#,}*:$};;&==^:$^/*_}};./}=,:}^+*#$&;:+}=;_}^^*$$/;_/%=.#}^,%}$+;#/&=:_*^;&*$^:_//=#_%,_%!$,:!/+!}_&^:%*}:;=/^*!_/,*%%$..!/,=}_+,}%&$#.*/.==_#}+%/$_.%++!!_;^}%,$#.,#}!*_;^=&%$$.+/_!^&$,!%,$}.+/#!/_:,*_.$=.^/$!+__,%%.}!.;/}!+_#}%%=}*.;/=,.%$$+:%+!.$+!!,_};,..}&.:+*!._=,^%$}^}/+%!:#!,,%}}+.#+&&*#*,;%=};.$++!_#%!:&!},.}+^!##&,:&*};.=+^!$#},_&%}.:*+}!}#+,#;&+^!%$*,/&;=!:&=/:%+.*!!=}$:++#!;##+&&*}$%.=&:/+_*%**}*:/+_!:#}:}#};*&;}=!$_};*&!,+/!=!:,+}+,&+=*;}^:*;#/_*$!;/&_=%*,#+;}#=.!&#=&:::$;,&%},:.//*,#&.%&+=.*_=$:#^&*:*:=^_%^:!}$%,}&,}%/;=,:}^++}&/}$:#^;*!#.;;/&.!/%=._!::;://=::;!$_*^;*=};:}//=__%,*%!$,;}^+=#_&^:%*$;;=/#=$#^^_%%$:.!/.=}_+^#&+$:.*/:==_:^$%/$__%/.!!_.^}%,$#.//:%*_;^=%;$$.^/_!._..!%,$}.,/#!+_:,:%;$=.^/$!/__,/%.}%.,^!!+_#,/%:}..;/=!^$$,/%_}&..+*!,#/,+&}}&.:+&!;#*,^%$}/:$+%!.#&,,&%}+.#+&%:#*,;&%}^:!+/!##%..&!},:*++!=#&;*&*!;.=+^*!#/,}&%=%:!+,!}#+,$&&}$:*+:!==^,$&/}_:%+}*!$*,}^+}#:&+_**#$,=&.}$:/+_*%#.;!&;}}:++#*&#:;*&;}=:}+$*/#_#+&$=!:,+},#%$=!.=#}:=+=*^#$$/:,+&%%#+;./*/#/,=&::^*+=&/=:;!+#*/#},$/%}#:#_#_,^&*:$*$/:}+.!}$!^_&}}:_.+#%!$/%%$&;:/*/;*!$;;%/%==*==}_!^,*}/+}$:#^#%/}$%;$^;$//&}*:#:.%&;=*_.^*%+&*%.$;;=/^&=*+#};$/.=*::^.#^^#%&$::&.;==_^^$%:$_.%/.*%_,^}%^$#.//:!*_;;=%^$$.+/_!&_.,%%,=}.+/#!/_:,%%;}&.^^$!/__,&%.}*.,+^!+$#,&%:}%.;+!!^#!,/%_}%..+*!,#!,+%#}&.:+*!;_=,^%$}/.$+%!$#!,,%}}+::+&!_#*;:.#}^:%+/!##%,.&!!,*&++**#&,=&*}:.=,^;%#/;!&%}}:!+_!}}+=*&&}=:*+$!=#$,$//++:%+$*!##,}&:}#:.$%**#;,=&=}$:++_*/#.;/__}}:++#*##:;%&;}=&,+$*/#_;&&.=!:,+}*+##;&&:=^:;+=*^./;_&_=%:.#,,#/%}#:*^*%!^%%&#=;^&$++%!$^;;&^=#:*^!}!.$&::};=&==^:$_;;_%^=;;*^&*:^^%*$&;:/*^;%*#=;_/;*!//=._!^,.%/+.;/&=:_*,:;/$^;}//=#_%^.%!$,;}/+=$_&^_%*$:;=+^=$_/^#%%$#.!/,=}#,^#%&$_.*/#==_^^$&^$_.%/_!!_.^}%+$#.&/:!*__^=%^$$.//_!%_.,!%;$}.;/#!/_:,,%;$=.^/$!=__,&%.}!.,+%;._#,&%:}#.;+!!^#=}*%_}&..++!,_},+%#*#.:+%!;#!,^%}}/._}&!.#!,,%=}+.#+&!_#*,;%=}^:++/!_#%+^&,},.}+++#%=$_::/$**#.&:##,_&%}.}*_:;%%}=%./+}!^$$*&#^,$&/^%!&#%;/!:;.&+}#:&:^;!%_}!:%&$*!_#;_%}=%^/=;:++#*&**}^:#/%!_#=;:&/}+.}+=:_+}*+##}:._+}!$#}*=#$;/&_&=*%#};!}}##:_+=!},;%*#=;^&$&,*&#&;_&*}:_%+:*},%*:$*;;+*^&:$^/*_$+;./!=,:};!*#$&;:/%=;_*^^%&%#;_/%=._}^,*=$+;#/&=}&+^;*=$^._//=#_%,_;$$,;}/+!%_&^:%*=;:&/^=$_/^_%%$}.!+.=}_+^}%&$_.*/;==_^^$%/$_.%/_!!_.^}/+$#.&/:!*_;^=%:$$_//_!%_.,!%,$}.$/#%&_:,*%;$=.^/$!___.%%.}!.,/}!+_#,+%:}*.;/=!^_$,^%_}&..+/!,_},+%#}&.:+%!;_=!,%$}/._+&!.#!,,%}}+.#+&!:#.,;%=}^.!+=!_#%,.,#+^!*_^,;*&}^.%^*!/#;&:#$,_&%}.}&_=^=&,$$.^+}!^#:!%#:,$&/}_}.#;,#%_$,&.}#:&+:;;%.};::_/:;+_*%#.},.;+_!:/=*:#:;*&;&=*%_};$&!=/:#*$_*+}*+###:.=^+=_#/;;/&}$.}+,::^;*,#};+,$+^*}#:;}&!=::%!&:_^%*.}%=/&}=+:#^,*:$*;;&=**:$^/*_$&;./%=,_/_$*#$&;:/==;_!^^*$$/;=#^=._!^,%#$+;$/&!#*}^;*=$^.%//=__%;.&/$,;}/+=#_&,*%*}:;=/^==_/,*%%$..!/,=}_+^#%&$#.*/:==$^^$%/$_.%/.!!_;^}/+$#.&/:!*_;^=%;$$_//_!%_.,!%,$}.;/#%&_:,*%;$=.^/$!#__,%%.}!.,/}!,_#,/%:}+.;/=!^_$,/%_}&..+!.;_},+%#}/.:+*!;_=,,%$}/._+%!.#!,,/&}+.#+&}^#*,;%=}^.$+/!_#%=}&,},.}++^!&&#}:!%.!_#%}:#;,_&%}.*,_;,,&..^&&._:_+;!=#^#/..+==+_};%&$},.;+*=#^***#;,=;^+.!+$/,,&_=&_#=%:++#*&&*}%:++/:,^$*/#_;%;*^+*/_=;&&_}#.}/&*,#};:*$}+:$^^%}^,*,#};+:&+;*}#;,$&$=#+/=$:_^%*.*&}=.=^,!$#^;}&^=:^_.!/^=$_/^_%%}.&^+=^=*#$&;:;;+$%&_^;.&+!/:,^_%&^_*=.#.!/&=:_*_^;!/&=%!_!*_%^.%!*==&:^^;%,$%:^$_;=/^=$%%$!..##.^/,=}_+:=^./#=%_+^/.&,%%/$_.%_.^*%!}!.;$$._/:!*_;_,._/:=+_.,*%%$/,=$}.+/#!&_:,*/!.=!++;!/__,%,+/==::=,*!#$=;_+:=$#*//_$,/%_=/!^+!!,_},}%#}&.:+*%&_=,^%$}+._+/!.}!}#%}}+.#+&!:#&,;++%*.$+/!_==,.&*},:_++*!/,,:&*};$#+^!}#/;$.=}.:!+,%!#+,#&&=#!%+;*!#^;/&/}_:%,.*!#,,=&+}$:&+=**$:,=&^=!:/^**%#.;!&,}}:++$*&#$;*&:}=#^+$*/##;%&:=!_&+}*+##;&&_=*::+=*^#$;/&_=%:.^!*,#};,&#=,::^**;#=#!&$=+:_;%;}$!;#&}=.:#,**:}&*%&==#:$^_*_$%;.^!=,:}^_*#$.;:/^=;#*^^*$$#;_/;=._!^,*}$+;#/.=:_.^;%*$^:$//=__;^.%^$,:&/+*#_&^:%,$;.+/^!__/,*%%$..+/,*^_+^$%&}!.*/#;&_^^$%/=&.%/:!!__=%%+$#.&;/!*_.^=&;/:./+!!%_#,!%,$}:,;/!&#!,*&&$=.^/$!/__,%%}}!../}!^_#;+%:}*.$/=!$_$,/%_!%..+!!#_},:%#};.:^&!;_=,$%$}:._+%!.#!,,%}}:.#+:!:#&,;/=}^.$+.!_#,,./+},_}++!##;,:&^};:.+^%$#/,_&,}.:++,*^#+.#&&}::,+;*&#^;,&/!_:%+.*^#,;/&+=/:&,:**#;;+&^=&:/^#*%$_;!&,=+:+^$*&#:;*+;}=:^^/*/$%;%/.=!_.+}*+$/;&&_=*:;+=%;#$;///=%_$^!*,#}.,&#=&_/^**.#=;^&$=/:_^%%!$!.*&}=,:#^&*:$*;}&==#:$^_*_}%;./!=#:},^*#$.;:^*=;:=^_*$$;;_/#=.$!^,*}$:;#/;=:#/^;&=$^;$/.=__,^.%=$,_//+=#_;^:+/$;.!/^=}_/^=:^$..!/,&*_+^$%&$}*+/;==_^;+%/$#.%+_^$_,,&%+}+.&/:!*_;;:%^}%.//#!%__,!/,+&.++*!&_=,*%:$=_#$&!/#!,%^%}!.;/}!._#,,:}}*.;/=&=_$,+%_}^*$+!!,_}:=%#}/.:++;#_=,^%$}/._+&!.#^}=%}}+.#^*!:#%,;&*}^:*$;!_#%,.&}},.=++*!/,,:&*};.=+^!}#/,_#&}.:!+,!=#+,#&&}::%+;!=#^#!&.}_:%+.;&&,$=:#+::,+:**#;.*:&}$:/+_*&#.;!&,=!}}+#*/#:;*&;}=:^+$&_#_;%&.=%:,+=*+##*/&:=*:;^!*^#$;/&_=&:.^!*,#};+&#=&_&^**;#=/$/;=/:_^%+#&;};:#+#**_^;}&%=#:/^+_^^/*_$%##:;+;%!#^,=/,}=_&$+_^^^*$$/$_:}+:%.##.!/;}+/_=:_*^;^,/_=::+^.%*$%;/&!../+=#_&_^.!&_=!_%/$%!##._&}!%=;*&_+^#%&%!=:_^^&=#$^.^/}!^;#^;%!$:;.%_=.;$^$*.}%.._:.;/_!%_.$,;;/_=::+!:_:,*%;%.!__:,/%/}!.!,_:*/}!+_#_:;=++}__/,;&&$$;}/,::+!!,_},+:.}&.:+*!;_=,^%$}:}!+%!.#!,_%}}^.#+/!:#+=#%=}^.$+;!_#&,.&/^_.}++!#$&,:&%};_*#&!$#/,_&.}.:!+,%}=_,#&&}::*+;*;#^;=&/}_:/+.*&#,,}&+}#:&+:**#;;*&^}=:/,_*%#.;!&,}}:+^**&}:;*&;}=:^+$*/#$;%+.=!:,+}*+##;&/!=*_:+=*^#=;/&==%:.^!*,#};+&#=&:#^**:#=:^&$=/:_^%*.$!;;&}!,:#^&*#$*.!&==^:$^/*_$%;./!=.:}^^*#$&*_/*=;:=^,*$$/;_/%=}_!^,*}_%.&/&=:_*#_;}//=_:.+}%^#%%_$,;}/+/^%;$,.*%:=/_,,%*.$}.^;:.//,=}_+$&;//,=^&_!._^^$%/%%=,_$+&*#}!._/+=^:=;^#;^=%^$$}._}^,%__..+/}!:#!+^*=}&.}/;=._%!=__,%%.}!_./}!+_#,/%:}*.;^*!^_$,+%_}+..+!!,$},+%#}/.:+%!;#&,^&=}/._++!.#+,,%}}+.#+&!:#%,;&%}^.=+/%_#%,.&*},.=++!}#&.:&*};:!+^!}#/,#&%}=$!+,**#+,#&&}_:*+.!=#^_$&/}_:%+.*!#,,}&+=$:&+_**#_,=&,}$:/}#*%#.;!&;}}:++#*&#:;*&;}=:_+$*/#_,+//=!:,+},^/*=,:.+,*$#%;*==_}+_}+:}^!*,#}=+:}+#*;$+$=$&;^&$=/*_#_,#&_!#/^=+:#^&+_/^=#:}^^*^#,;^;&.!/!=,:}##;*/,=*:^^^%+,%*$$/;_+/+}_!^;*}$:;#/&=:_*^;*=$,;$/+=__/^.&!$,;}/^=#_,^:%*$;:*/^=$_+^_%/$..!/,*!_+^#%+$:.%/;==_^^$%/$_.+/.!!_,^}%+$#.&/:!%_;,%%^$}./+*!%_.,!%,}..+/$!&_:,*%#^&.^/$!/#^,%%:}!:.__!+_$,&%$}*.;/=!^=^,/%#}%.:+!!;_},+_$}&.:+*!._=,^%$}+._+%!.#!;;%}}+.##%*;#*,;%=%#!^#%^=!;}%:%+:*%.;,/%#}^.+:=:&+^!$#/}%.&+^!+^}*%#+,#&&&;!%#+,/!.;,&/}_:%:!,+&_$*.:+}*.#&,/%$/^/^}$:/+_+:&}}$.;+#*/#+,,*#=!:,^&=^_};^&=;&/%=!:,+}^#&_=+:+^/*;#!,.&%._/;=%:.^!^_&$=:.=+_=&#=;#&/=;:%^,*=__*$$!;,&}^#!$##;}%:.^&==^:$:_;!/^#$:+^:**#:;:&,}_:=^#%%$+%&$/;_/%/***$+;%/*=*&^!&_*^;*=*.=+:+^$*&##./&#!!&;!$_&^:%*&}=;_;^%%;$:.,&#=;_!^#%.$*.+&=!/_##+_^^$%/$_.%/.!!_,!.%#$#.&/:+*%/$!.=/%!^_};,_},!%,$}!+:$^#%#}/$;$=.^/$!/__,%*.*=!^+.!+_#,&,^+!=__!,%!$}!;#+_=}#%&!_},+%#=+*&+*!;_=;+%$}/._^/!.#!,;%}},.#+&!:}*,;%=},.$++!_#^,./%},.}+;!##.,:&*};.=+^!$#+,_&+}.:%+,%}#+,#&/}::%+;*;#^,$&/}_:&+.*%#,,}&+}#:&+:**#;,=&^}=:/+=*%#.;!&,*/:++$*&}:=^&;=/:^^**/#};%+=%_:,^&*+=%;&&_=*_%+=*:+*;/&_=%#=^!*;#}:+#/=&:=^**##=;,&$!^%:^%%!$!;}&}=+:#^&&/$*;$&==$:$^^*_$;}*/!=#:};_*#$/;:/*=;_&}:*$$/;_^;=._*^,&!/%;#/;=:_$^;*=$^;$+*=__;^.%/$,;}/+!}_&^:%;$;.*/^=$_/;_%%$..,/,!+_+,:%&=:.*/;!^_^,/%/}#.%^.!!_,,+%+}&.&++!*$;^=%^}/./+%!%_},!&.$}.++/!&#,,*%;$=.^/$!/#!,%&*}!.;/}*,_#,&%=}*:!/=!^_$;^%_}%.=+!*/_},+%#}&.:+*!$_=,;%$}+._^/!.#!,#%}=*.#+&!:#*,;%=}#.$+;!_#%,./%},.}+#!##+,:&*};_=+^!$#_,_&.}.:}+,%}#+,#&:}::;+;%!#^.$&/}_:.+.*,#,;.&+!#:&+:*;#;;^&^=%:/^$*%#.;;&,=}:++#*&#:;*&;=/:^^+*/##;%&=^;:,+}*+$+;&&_=*::+=*:+*;/&_=%_%^!*;#};+#$=&::^**.#=;^&$=/:}^%*.$!;,&}=+:#^.*:$*;;;%=::$^/*_&.}::$+#!,^=*#$&;:;_/_=}_/^*&.}}_*+$*+^;%^$+;#/&^#*^#.;&&#=^_!^!,.,/%!$,;};$,!%,$:,/&$!*_#^^*,$!/=}&.!/,=}=#$*.,%$=^_:,+*=$!;.!;:+/.!!_,_#./+!}^:_^}*$#%;_/=!:_!,/%#.}.*+*!/_:!}_:,*%;=*%&/$!/__,&%.}!.,^}!+_#,&%:}*.;+/!^#=,/%_}/..+/!,_},+%#}&.:+*!;#*,^%=}/__+%!.#!,,%}}+.}+&*##*,;&*}^:!+/!_#%;_&!},:*++*%#&,:&*};.=+^!=#/,}&%}.:!+,!}#+,#&&}::*+:!=#^,$&/}_:%+.*!#,,}&+}#:&+:**#.,=&^}$:/+#*%#.;!&,}}:++#*+#:;*&;+}_!+$*/#_$^;./%!#$%;:&}=*.=^&}_+=*^#$;///=%:.^!%.&_;+&#=&:_^**;#=;^,^=/:_^%*:$!;;&}=+%.^&*:$*;;&==^:$;:+^$%;./!=$:}^^*#$+;:/+,#:=^^*$$:;_/&=._/}_*}$+;#/_=:_%^;&*/&;$//=__&^.%!$,;},}=#_&^:%%$;.!/^=$/+^_%%$..*/,=}_+^#%+$:.*/;/%__^$%/$_!%:#^*%&$:,}}!.&/:!*%=$!;=+*.}/_!%_.;%./$}.+/#!+_:,*%;$=_*/$!/__,&%.}%.,+/+$_#,&%:}:.;+!!^_$,/%=^^..+!!,#,,+%$}&:#_}!;_=,^%}}/._+%!==!,,%=}+.#+&!_#*,.%=}^_!+/!_#%,.&!},.}++&&#&,:&*}:.=+,!$#;==&%}.:!+,!}#^,#&&,_:*+;!=#,,$&/}_:%+_*!#,,}&+}#:&+:*+#;,=&^#::.+_*%#.=/.;+!**#*+^$!;*&;}=!=#_;,&!=/:$,+_:+}*+##$*:.^+=_#!;&&%$,:!^/*=#+;./*_&:^^^*.#=*.$^;^&$=/!=#,;+&^=!::+:_,^&*:$*.:+^=^:$^/*=$%;./!!.:}^+*$$&;$/*=;:=^^*$$/;_/%=__!^;*}$+;#/&=:_*^;*=$^;$//=__%^.%!$,;}/+=##+^:%*$;;=/,=$_/^_/%$..!/,=}_+^#%+$:.*/;==_,^$%/$_.%/.!!_,^}%,$#.//:!*_;^=%^$$.//_!/_.,*%,$}.+/#!&_:,%%;$=.^/$!/__,%%.}_.,/}!+_$,$%:}*.;..+.!##%,!+!=#_=^_%&=:&!}&.:+*^=%!}&.%.+:^+%!.#!_=:%+.!#:^^=&&}}.;/.!%/,*^#%,.&!&&!$_;^$%=#:.$/.*;__,=/.,=&%}.:!#}^=%}=!}/=.:*+;!=*:}%:!+!*%#;;%&_$*.:+}*.#&,/%$.^&=}$:/+_;.&_}.:_+&!_#+,=%=;%/=}=:^+$^;&!}}.}^!*^$!;.%!=%;:+$!.#%,_*^=%:}^^!:#},:&&#;/&=&::^*^;&_},_^+.*$$+/^$:;,&}=+=&#;;}%/}$_*^#*^#,;!*+.#/!=,:}_&;_/,$$:%^+*/_.;%/^!*:,^_%&.+;;/;=__**%_*^;*=};$}//=__%,!%!$,;}+,=#_&^_%*}&;=/^=$#^^_%%$_.!/.=}_+^#/&$:.*/:==_;^$%}$_://.!!__^}%;$#.&/:!*_;^=%;$$.;/_!/_..!%,$}.,/#!+_:,%%;$=.^/$!;__,%%.}!.,/}!+_#,+%:}+.;/=!^_$,/%_}%..+!!,_=,+&}}&.:+*!;#/,^%$}/._+%!.#!,,%=}+.$+&*##*,;%=}^.=+/!_#%..&!},.}++!##&;/&*=:.=+^!=#/;*&%}.:!+,!}#+,#&&}#:*+:!=}^,$&/}_:%+.*!#=,}&+}#:&+#**#.,=&^}$:/+_*%##;!&.}}:++#%+#:;*&#}=:;+$*/#_:%&.=!:_+}*.##;#&:**:;+=*:#$;;&_=^:.^!*,#};+&#=,::^%*;#=;^&$=/:_^&*.$!;,&}!=:#^&*:/!;$&==^:$$;,#&/=+:+$/:}^+*#$&&:/*=;:=^^*$$/;_/%}=_*}#%^$+;#/&^}%!$_.&/;=^_%^%_&^$%!$,;}_&,**=$^,:}&;=/^=$=#$=.^/.}&:#,!%_$+;^&=+;/===_^^$^#/=!^_./,*#}%::!&.&/:!*},}%;_/=!:_!,/%#.=,,+&=,_;^#*$_!._/}!;#*+&%$$^;}+%$/;=,;*=...^/:!+_;,:=::++_*%&&+!!,_},+%#}&::.*^*#,,^%$}/!=#*,,&+}/.!/:!}$;%##*,;%=/}**#;,_&+_&+=*^!+_^,.%;}$+=+:!}_;,.&&=&^!/#!=#/&$&_:$^%+*!%#+,/&.:#**=!:%+.*!&,$=.}+}*^;,*&#;,=&^+^!;=^*##.;!&,&;=;:_^*!}}^._+}!:#%:=#=;%&.=!!}_=;%&*;/&==*:;+=;^&!}+:,+}*;^/*,#};+:!+/*}#%#.$$;^&$=/*.#,.*//$,.=+#**:^;=/&=_:}^;=!^_*_$%;._!^&!=$};+/*=*+;=#:=^^*$/_}#:_^$,,.^*}$+;#,%^$*^$:.+&_==_,%:!%$};%/&=,:;&_%^$..&/#$}_;^**.$$+=*:!&::%/%*$+.!/&!+;+&!}^.$/:&}!,__,&%^}!^%&/.&/:!*_;^=%^#$$&&}!;_.,!%,/,!&_=^;%#}+;%=^:!/$!/__$=;:+;},_:^^&+$;.#+/!_/=!^_$,/:;}%.:+!!,_},+%#!.%!+*!._=,:%$}+._+/!.#/=_%}}+.#+,!:#%,;&&^:.$+/!_$&,.&*},_!#%!##/,:/*};.=+^%$/%,_&&}.:*+,*+#+.#&&}::%+;*!#^;#&/=$:%+.*&#,;}&+}#:&,:**#;;%&^=!:/^&*%$_;!&,=&:+^;*&#:;*&;}=:^^&*/##;%&.=!_.+}*+$&;&/&=*:;+=*^#$;//!=%:}^!*}#};+&#=&:$^**$#=;^&$=/:_^%*:$!;,&}=,:#^&*:$*;;&==,:$^/*_$^;./!=,:};&*#$/;:+&^+:=^,*$}/;_/%=.$!;&*}$^;#//=:_;^;&=$^;$/+=__&^.%=$,:!/+=#_^^:&*$;;=/^*$_/^_%+$..&/,!^_+,}%&$:.^/;!__^^$%/$_.%/.!^_,^=%+$#.&+#!*_;,^%^=&.//_!%_.,!%,}^.+/#!&_:,*%;$=.^+%!/#!,%&*}!.,/}!+_=,&%=}*.;/=!^_$,/%#}%..+!!._},+%#}&.:+*!._=,^%$=^*:+%!:#!,.%}}+.#,&,=#*,:%=}^.$^,!_#;_}&!}..},;!##/,:&%};:&$:!$#/,_++}.:*+,*%/.,#&&}:#}+;*!#^.$:.}_:/+.*!#,.*&+*%$}+:*&#;:^&^}}:/^**%#$!/&,}}:+;&*&#_;*&#,&:^+$*/=;;%&:=!#,$&*+#};&&:=*__+=&#!;;/&$=%$/^!*;#}.}&#=,%}^**;#=_*&$=+:_^^.$$!;,&}%%:#^/*:=*=$&==;:$^/*_}+;./!=}:}^,*#$&;:/*=;#*}+*$$^;_/+=._!^,&!/%;#/^=:_}^;*=$^:$_.=__^^.%!$,:!/+=#&=^:%/$;.*/^!%_/^=:^$..!/,^}_+^$%&$:}&/;!,_^^}%/$_.%+_%}_,,,%+}*.&/:!*$;^=%^},./+%!%#,,!%,$}.+++!&_#,*%:$=.^/$!/_#,%&%}!.,/}*,_#,&&&}*:&/=!^_$./%_}%:&+!!}_};=%#}&.:+***_=,;%$}^._^/!.#!;*%}=!.#+&!:}*,;%==*.$+_!_$^,.&!},.}+=!##+,:&&};:++^!$#},_:%}.:*+,*,#+;!_,}::*+;,=#^,}&/=$!=+.*.#,;_&+}#:&+:;}#;;.&^}=:/+_*%#.!#&,=,:++}*&$+;*&#,&:^+$*/%,;%&:=!#$..*+#};&;!=*:.+=*.#$;;_==%:.^!+$#};^&#=,%}^**;#=$&&$=+:_,/;^$!.+&}=::#^&*:$*=;&=!+:$,**_$%;./!+::},&*#$+;:/&=;_+#;*$$+;_.$=._*^,%#$+.!#,=:_*^;,:$^;}//=_!/^.%;$,;}/+=#_&^}:+$;;=/^+;_/^#%%}_=$/,!#_+,,%&$:.*/;!&_^,#%/$}.%/.!!_,^}%+}:.&/#!*_:^=&;$$./+:!%#/,!%,$}.+/#!&#:,*&+$=.^/$!/__,%&;}!../}!,_#,.%:}*:^/=+#_$,+%_=*..+/;__},+%#&..:+%!;#&=:%$}/._:$!.#*,,/!+%.#^*!:$%,;%=}^:&;/!_$*,.&!},.=++!}#&,://};.=+^!=#/,_&%}._&+,!}#+,=&&}::*+;,%#^;_&/}$:%+_*!},;/&+}}:&+#**$=,=&#^+:/^/*%!#;!&;}}:,+#*,/};*&;}=}.+$*+#_:;,/=!:=+};+##;/&:=+:;^&.:#$;/&_^%:.^**,}!=%&#=#::^%*;#=;^+$^+:_^_*.$.;,+^=+:#^&*:$_;;/*=^:$^/*_$%;./_=,:=^+*#$&;:/*=;_;^^%;$/;#/%!__!^,%,$+:*/&=:_*^;*=$^.^//=#_%^:%!}.;}/+!+_&,_%*$;;=/#%$_/,+%%$:.!/;=}_;^#%&}$.*/;==_;^$%/$_.%+#!!_,^}%^$#.&/:!*=;^=%^$$.+/_!%_.,!/}$}.}/#!+_:,%%;=*!&/$!$__;,%.}!.,^!;/_#,$%:}_.;/=!^_$._%_}_..+%!,_=,+&%+_.:+/!;=*,^%}}/.$+%!$//,,%}}+#}+&!_#*,;#!}^.$+/!##%,.&!},:=++!##&%_&,};.=+^,^&%}}.,+_*/+;*!#+,#&&+.*/+.*/#^,$&/+=!&__,#%#$,&.}#:&+:,.&,=/:;*::}+_*%#.#:;:&$=&:*;*%$=!.#+/_$+$*/#_;%!!!&:,+}*+*:=%:}//!.##,_%!}.:$^;!}$%;:=#}=:=^%*;}^*##=;^&$+_!##=,}.,;}&}=+:#_&;^&%}_:/&=**:,%!$%;./!^,**#^;;&=+*/_=;:=^^^/&.==.++}%%$$;,&;=*.#!/_*^;*=%:$$.^^!%^$}.%/+=&_,#&__^:%*$;}&:_^.*.$_.*/_!/;:!,_+^#%&+*!&_*,&*_$&;$/,=,_;!/_,^}%+/!=/_}^^%,,:%^$$./.&,^%$}!,:/&!,#%^#*$$^%.}%.^/$!/$#.#.$!#.,/}!+#}:!%:}*.;+,!^_$,//_}%..+!!,_},+&+}&.:+*!;#!,^%$}/._+%*_#!,,&!}+:%+&!:#*;:%=}^:!+/!$#%,.&!!,.}++!=#&,$&*=,.=^;!$#/,=&%=::!+,!}#+,#&&}$:*+:!=#;,$+/}_:%+#*!#:,}&.}#:&+:**##,=&^}$:/+_%/#.;!&#}}:=+#*&#:;,^;}=:#+$*/#_;&&.=*:,+}++##;&&:=%:;+=*^#$},&_=,:.^%*,$!;+/%/_::^^*;}!;^&}=/:_^%*$+/;,&}=+_$^&*_$*;##&=^:$^/&_$%;:/!!.*_^+%%$&;$/*=;:=;^%%$/.*/%==_!^;*}$+;#/&!*_*^.*=$^;$//=__%,*%!$:;}/+=#_&^:%*$};=/}=$_+^_&/$..!/$=}#&^#%&$::&/;==_$^$%_$_.%/.*%_,^}%$$#._/:!*_;;=%^$$.#/_!:_.,_%,=!.+/#!$_:;*%;$=.^/$!/__,:%.}:.,+!!+$#,&%:}..;+,!^#%,/%_}%..+:!,_=,+%#}&.:+*!;#,,^&,}/._+%!.#!,,&/}+.#+&!_#*,}+=}^:&+/!$#%,:&!}_.}++/##&,:&*}:.=+^!$#/__&%}.:!+,!}#+,#&&%::*+;!=#,,$&/}_:%..*!#,,}&;}#:&+:%&&&,=&#}$_!+_*%#.;^^,}}:_+#*/#:;%&;=!:^+$+/#_;%&.=%:,+}*+$}}}&:=,:;^#*^#$;//$+=:.^^*,$_;+&#=&::.:*;$+;^&}=/:#^%*.^*;,&}=+:$^&*:$*;;&==^:$^/%&$%;./!/=:}^+*#$&;:/*^;}=!*%!$/;_/%^#%+#.**}*;#/&=:!.$$;$/#}&:}+&=$_/^^&_$/%%!!_&^:%*&_=,:,^=^/^_%%$..!/,=}:+:_!!$}.*/;==*;}^.;/!.&/.!!_,^}&#}%.&/:!*%_}&.;/^!%_%%/_.,!%,=!!%/#!^_:,/%;$=.^/$!#__,+%.}&.,/=!+#%_;%:}/.;+/!^_},/%#}%.$$/!,_},+&*}&._+*!#/&,^%$}/:&+%!:#!;.._}+.=+&!$#*,;%=}^:++/!}#%,#&!};.}+++.#&,$&*}:.=+^!$$^=:&%}#:!+#!}#+,#/+/::*+#!=#$,$&/}__/+.*!##,}&:}#:&+:**#;,=&#}$:/+_*%#..%&,}}:#+#*;#:;*&;=&:^+$*.#_:!&.=*:,+};+##;#&:=+:;+=*^$=;}&_=#:.^;*,#};++#=&::^_*;$.;^/*=/#_^%*.$_;,&}=+:}^&*:$*;;/#=^_+^/*_$%;./!=,_#^+%/$&;:/*=;:=^^%;$/../%=__!;,*}$+.,/&!+_*^}*=$^;$//!^_%^_%!$.;}/+=#_&,+%*}&;=/.=$$/^_%%}/.!+%=}_^^#%&$:.*+%==_;^$%^$_.%/.!!__^}%}$#.$/:!*_;^=%=$$.,/_!/_..!%,$}.;/#!#_:,%%;}&$&/$!.__;!%.}*.,^!,%_#,;%:}/.;/=!^_$}:%_},..+*!,#%,+%#&!.:++!;#*,^%$}/._}&!.#!,,%=}+.#+&!$#%,;%=}^.$+/!_#%,.&!},.}+#!##&,:&*+/.=+^!$#+,_&%}.:!+,!}#+,#&&}::*+;!=#^,$&/}_:%+.*!#,,}&+}#:&+:*/#;,=&^}$:/+_*%#.;!&,}}:++#*&#:;*&;=*:^+$*/#_;%&.=!:,+=*+##;&&:=&:;+=*^+*;/&_=%:.^!*,#};+$,=;::^**;&=}..}^!*,;!*.$!;,+!,/:#^+*:$%;;&==^_=}&*_$+;./*=,:}^+%}/!;:/+=;_*^^*$$/.*,%=._+^,*}$+;$/&=}_*^;+=$^;$//=$_%^.%!$,#}/+=#_&^:%*$;;=/^&$_/^_%%$#.!/,=}_+:#%&$:.*/.==_^^$%/!%.%/$!!_.^}%^$#..:+!*_;^=&%$$.+/_!&_.,/:_$}.+/#!=_:,%%;}&*:/$!/__;#%.}*.,+/^,_#,&%:=_.;+!!^_},/%=^^..+!!,$;,+%$}&:!:#!;#!,^&}}/.#+%!.#!,__%}+.#+&*_#*,.%=}:%*+/!_#%.&&!};.}++%##&,}&*}:.=+.!$#/._&%}}:!+:!}#,,#&./#:*+#!=}!,$&+}_:,+.*//_,}&+}#_$+:*%#;,=+^}$:;+_*/#.;&&,}}#++#*;#:;/&;=*:^^&,^#_;^&.!::,+=*+$*;&&},+:;+=*^},;/&#=%:$}/*,#};++,=&:_^**;%};^/*=/:_^%*.$!;,.!=+_!^&*_$*;;&==^=:^/*=$%;_/!=,:}^+:$$&;:/*=.:=^^*$$^/*/%=._!//%&$+;#/&&$*$$,.^//_:/#=__%^.^;/_!%_+/#%%$$.+,&.,/^=$_/:$.*&$!.;},,%,$_:;}+.*/;==!*_=,%%,=*.+/==;_%^:%!/&/:!*_;^=%^*$*&;_;,#%,!%,$}$;_/^/%#$%;_+&=__=+$#+,%%.}!$}_&,.!=$;.#+,!*_%^_*^,}%_}%..:+,:%&},.://!,_^/%$=#=&}}/._+%+_%+},.:/}==_/,}%^$#;%+:!##^^#%.$}=,=+.}++!#%:$=:+/_!}#/,_%.$}:^+%!=#+;*=%;^&&}::*#/,}%,}*:,+=*/#%,}%}}$&;}#:&+:+%*;#;,.=/:/+_*%!#}=:.+&}#$*,#,_;,&;}=:^::;&&.}$.}^.}:^&*+##;&;$+/*,$*,_&#;#&_=%:.:;;#&_}^::^%*&#+,*$;;^&$=/%%#&;+&_=::}+:**#,=,$#;;&==^}}#;;;&_=,.%+#*_$/.!&;%+/.=;:=^^^;&$=,:}+:%+$.,=;^.,/&=:_*$/;/&,=*:.^$%+$$;*/_!*.}!$_&^:%*/*!%:_,+*.#}.^/}==_.^*%*$_.^/=!&:$#^_=^$%/$_}+#%^}*;$}.;/*_&:%.##&^=%^$$$;#!,%*}#&;;/,!.:$,!*_&;&*$=.^/$+,%!}/.=/+!..^,/%#,/:%}*.;/=^}&*};._++$&,=&^%%$}.=/^!.#&^#}$$..#+*#:_&,.%.:^:+/:=}__,.&!}&:%*+$+;://=;:.^;*:$/;^/%=:_*^,%*$^;^/%=;::;,^&!};$,;*.}$^.+,*!;=;,&:#!.,/*}^:=,.%!#.:%&!*;:$,$!*}::%+,!;:}^&%__.;+^,=/:_+}%}#$:.%&=!./++*/#};//+$..^;$&:_.,_/.=/$+;%*#_$;=/!!%.;,$**;:&#=&::_^+#&;=&^=/$_&^%*.$!:,_++}%!#_&:=__%;%=$:$^/*_%;}}:&^_*$$,/=#^.!/*=;:=$.;+&+}=_*,!#,.;*}$+;#^$%/!/$,;#&_=#_%^!$%:}.;&#=*_:,!*;#}/*&*=}__^=$/_};+/_=._,,%$+_+.*=:}/:.^:%_$=;+=_}+_$^*%+$%/^!^_$&$!$_;^=%^/!!&_.,^*}$}._!_!.#+,&*=.}%}$=.^/$+,%,$_;$/+!.}.!$_#,&%:&/=$#&+.%!}&.$/,*}+&!,_},+,&/;!}%}!#_=,^%$/=!/_},+*.,:%}}+.##*^=&;;=//}^.$+/^=%_}#.&+^*!_.&:%:}*^!/==!._++=^=!;#^*=+#%$+!=,#&&}:!.##;&&^=!^}*:$*#_,*&}:#.#++*,#%;^%:=/:.+%*^_};*&,=/.#+#*.;:,^&.}}^,&$!,#=;_&&}&:+&;!;#*;!&=_%,}+^*}#};//*}.;}+_*$#+/^&_}^:=^,!=$&/,%/}=^%%^$_:};%&%;;/:=+:#^&^&&=}}:;^/*^$;;!*#=}:$^,,+^=*#$&;:;_^_*}$/^*&.}}_*+$*+#!%,$+;#/&/:*$#..;&_==;_,!*_+#%;$,;}/+,!%%$$.+/:=;_/^/#_,%%%$..!;=,%%.$#^:&=!+}&!,_^^$%/%}=,_,,/%!$#;:/;,!/=!*_;^=^=/*!!_!^^:#,;%,$}.+./,,%}}*,;/}!.#*/,_=,%%.}!$=_&^^%!_^&+}*.;/=,.%%$,:!+/=}:=,&%$$^.!^;:^+*!;_=$}:*+;!__*,_%+};:&/:!=#,/$$*,;%=}^=}#/,_%}}%.&/;*%_},_&*:.._+_!}#/.%#$,_&%}.=,#^;!&!}=:&/_!/_$%^##,$&/}_}&#^,=&#}#:.+_:;+:**#;#_.,/=!.#,}=$!;!&,}}=+#;,//&}^::^%}.^!*/#_;%,}/&=,+=%$##;&&:^*!.$%;:&%}^:/^!$,#&;^&__/:}+/%*.!;$*:_.,/&:*+:,.}$:;,&}=+=&#;;}%/}$_*^#*^#,;!:=.//!=,:}_*;*&/}}:^^:**$+,}/^}=_*!%_!^,*}%#}$:=^+!/$;;/&_=*_&*!_%^.%!*#==_:^+%&:_;$//:=_:^+*.$./%*:!+__^$%:$=;;!,.:/;==_^}/.&/$=$_#,!*;$*;:=&.:/:!*_;$+.;/#!*.$/.=_$=%_$}.+/#/_*=$%;#!#:^/$!/__#+;#+%!!_},.$#$+:&!*}&_;,;*}$+;#_=.$+!!,_}#+;$++!}//!$_=,^%$&*!:#!^}&.&}&^}+.#+&+,%:}^.;%$!##!^=;.,}&!},.}.$,_&*$=::#+:&+^!$#/}%.&+^!+/:*%#+,#&&+:!%#:;&!.;.&/}_:%:.;%&^=%:/&=*!__;/&!}/:;,%:,+_*%#.=&_!+#;%^^*&#:;*;_^/*;#&,+%}},;!^+*!&_*_##;&&:/+*,#^,$&.}.,}=::.^!*,*!=/:!^#=*$:;:&}$=/&=/:_^%^_&+=/:$^.***/%*$*;;&=/_%!#.^%/*=+:/}:_:^+*#$&$&:=^}*}$*;%%,=!_/^=*+$.=_$.;#/&=:=.#$;!&:://;=__%^.;,&;=_::=$_;^:%*$;=;_&+}*_$!&.$$.!/,=}!!$}.*/^+;/===_^^$^;//!+::^%%&$&$^}/.&/:!*=.}/.:/#!/_/^+%/=+&;$}.+/#^%=%$#^#&!}!;*,%%$}#./%,$._.&,!&}.=*}..;/=!^!!$+.,/}=__*^:%.%^&/}&.:+*,=%##..:+#}^.&+^;,;%%}}+.#_,^=&/$_:*/=!$#;,/&*},+$=^.}++!#!/$}.+%$*+__,_&;#&.&+,!/#&,&&,/&,#}::*+;,,&:=*:/%+$*;;;,&}=+^&+}*%_#,$&,=,^/+!*&#;/**$};:#+_!,#=/%!_=,..^&!,#=/%%#=+:*^;}^$^+%=$_;^:*,%*.#/,!%_/^*&;*;$%;/%==.,./&*;#;&}//=.:%^^*.#&;^&+#/!+=_:#^&*:/.=;:%+,*.$!+}$_;./!=,!+#^;;&}=$_*+$*/#:^!$_;_/%=.*;$_.%/+#^,%%./#,/*=$^;$;++=*^:}.;/_!!:^&=*/$$;.,&.+/^=$_/__;}&:!.:#,!}%,^%&$:.*.&^;*.$;,//,=&#%^+%.=&&/$#.&/:^+%_$+/^/^!,^_^:*:}%.//:=:_=,^.,,;%;$=.^_=^.%#},;}+&!_*+!._#,&%:/;=._#^_.:,_%_}%...&,!&%$}:^/;!;^;*&_=,^%$&,=}#/,%&!}_/}&#=$#+^=/^,}%=}^.$.^,=&*};.#+:!$+_!##&,:.^++!*__,*&,==&%}.:!+,!}#+,#&&$$:++;!=#^=*.$+;!,/_*!#,,}&+}#:&;:+*!_;^&^}$:/:},_&_};:#^!*.=,*,#:;*&;^*!=#!,#+!.^&.=!:,_*,:/!$&:#+:*+#!;;/^$/.#^/*$:&+$/!}^:.+;;,^#*;#=;^.!/&=.:&,;*#$^,=&.=*:,,&$_;;&==^=,_,^:%!#}:}+:*$#.;*+;;}/*=;:=$:.^//=!&+!^_!^,*}&^=#:#%.%;#$;*&}=#_&^^%+.;,.}&;}/+=#!_$=;=/}}+_!++==_^^;&$$^:!*!_+^#%&/&!/:,,%*=$=;#+!!/_$+=*:$:.//=!;_#^^_.,&%^$$./__^_*#$_;!=*.+/#!&!#$%.^/&!+_:%/!!}:../#!^_,,.$##;.$/^!:!!**_$,/%_%:!$#/,,**$:.}+.!&_/^$+:,_%$}/._.;,;&%$:.&}^:++&!:#*_:.}/:*^.:,:&/$#.+%::%++!##&#,.%+*!$/.*&#/,_&%/!!.#+,%&/=&_;}#:*+;!==!:,&+=*:%+.*!*/}&:.+/*%_}%;$/,=&^}$*/#!,/%#$=.#^^!:_=;;&}}^%_=+:^+$*/!$=,:$^/*^##+;$!;&&:=*=+#;;.&!#,/.=%:.^!^+&&=#_!^%*;$/;,&+=:;,/,=:_!+#$,;,&}=+*&#;;}&;}$:$^#:}^,*_$%;._+^.*:/%%!$&;:/*&:*}#:.^._._/%=._!:=.&/%}$_*^.*:##,*/+=#_;/_*&$_./!/.%/+=#_&_/.//,=$&.!%_/^_%%*#=;:#,*%.+=%}$:.*/;/_%+$!;+/,}%_+^*&!$&.,/_.:/:!*_;_%.;/%=;_/,^%#%*&*$}.+/#^%*.}/;$/%!__=^.%!}&+^}/.,/}!+!##%,$&+/.+_!^_$,/,=+/!%_,^}%&},,*+.==_=,#//;/%$}/.__.^:%$$#:*/:!:#^^==!}!:&+:!$$.*^#%,.&!%:!,#.,+&$$=.=+_!,_=,$#+;&&%}.:!.#,=&:}+:&%_!$#/+%#=,$&/}_}/#;,//!#/:/+}!^_=^:$*,=&^}$*_#!,/&*}=:^+.}}:!;%$+;*&;}==%##,,%#}};.+#!;$,,:&}#^&$=*:;+=^:%}}^.,=%.#^;*,#};+;+^**$$+,.&$}.:%%*_%^%*.$!#=:&+^*!#;;#//!$/*=^:$^/;=/%^^/&=,:}^+,$/&=&!;=#:=^^*$%!=!:;^$$$,%*}$+;#;#^;%/$#;!//!*_/^/*+$/},$#;}/+=#!+$&;;/!!&}*!%_/^_%%/$=.__^:*:;&%}$:.*/;^%*}$%;,/^=+::^#%&$&.,#=.^/:!*_;#/.;/.}$++!%_.,!^$/,!,_*+^*=}&.}//!;:^*!__,%%.&&=;_.,:%}$//:&/!#_!,/%*^,&%}%..+!^:%$}&:!/;!;#+_.#^,^%$}/$##,,$%=}#:*/:.$+,!:#*,;,$/,!:_.^/#.,.&!},!%_},=%^}.:&/#!}+=!$#/,_.++*!*#.^=%;=!.;+#./+$!=#^,$://#!_#_;&/_,}&+}#%&$!:_%/#!;==*:/+_*%!#}*::+^.;^.*&#:;*;$&;#^_=;$}_#^.}^^*^##;.&*$#/%=*:;+=^.&!=^:!^!=!$+;!#*;#&#=&::_+;;%&=+,}^!*,__*}$!;,&}+;*_#=;./&.=/*=^:$^/;:/+,#/,=,:}^+^//,=}_*&=*/$:&/$,;_/%=.=###;++:;#/&=:_*.+%;$^;$//^%*&$^;+/:=&_&^=*;*_%:$;;=/^/:*+$%.!/%!/_#^%*:..%_$:.*/;+/%.$%,*/:!!:},.&#,^%+$#.&_},!%^}/.&&==._$$=#&,!%,$}=}_=^=*$$$.,+%!__=^.+^,:%.}!.,_!^}&!:*;#+.!,#*/.#*,/%_}%}#_=,+*=^:%#}&.:+&+*_=,^%$=+._+%!.$%$&%}}+.#$#!:#*,;%=}^.$+/!_#%,.&!},.}++!##/,:&*};.=+^*=#/,_&&}.*%+,!}#+;}&&}::%+;^/#^,$&/**:%+.**#,;,&+}$:&,=**##!&&^}$:/^/*%#:;!&_,%:++#*&$/;*&.}=:^}}*/#_;%&:=!:,+}*,*+;&&_=*_;+=*^#$.^_#=%::^!^}#};+&#!+::^**.#=%_&$=/:_,/*.$!;.&}==:#^&*:}&;;&==.:$:.*_$%;.^!=,:}^;*#$^;:,,=;#=^^*$$,;_/+=.&,^,&}$+;#/^=:_/^;/#$^;$//=__/^.%&$,;}/+=#_&^:%%$;;=/^!!_/^=%%$..!/,*+_+^$%&=:*./;!+_^,%%/%}.%/.%,_,,/%+$}.&/_!*_}},%^$}./^!!%_:,!%.$}..$!!&_:,*&$$=.,/$*^%;,%%:}!*;/}!+_#,&/;}*../=!,_$,^%_*%..+!!;_};;%#,^.:^&!;_=,,%$^+._+%!.#!,,%}}^.#+/!:#&,;+=}^.$++!_*^,.#&},_!++!##/,:_%};.=+^!$#/,_&&}.:*+,*!#+:#&&}::%+;_.#^*!&/=$:%+.**#,;.&+}#:&^#**#;;*&^&%:/+_*%}.!;&,=!:++}*&=+;*/:&,:^^**/=*;%&.=!:,+}*+#};&&}=*:;+=*^#$;/&#=%:.^!*.#};+&#=&:_^**.#=;;&$*/:_^%*_$!;;&}^=:#,+*:$*;#&=.+:$^/*_$%;./!=.:}^.*#$+;:^*=;:=^.*$$^;_$/=.#%^,*}$:;#_#=:_*^;*=$^;$/,=__,^.%%$,:}#$=#_,^:%&$;%*/^!=!_^_%;$.&*/,=}_+^#%&$:.+/;!+_^^=%/=_.%/.!+_,,!%+^}.&+#!*_;,^%^+#.//_!%_.,!%,}&.++&!&_#,*/;$=.^+&!/_$,%__}!:./}!+#/,&_%}*.;/=!^_$,/&*}%:*+!!._}.+%#}&:*+*!__=#!%$=^._+%*%#!;:%}}+.#+++&#*;%%=}..$+/!_#%;:&!}}.}+=!##/,:+*,!.=+$!$#,,_,#}._%$^!}#},#;,}::*+;**!=,$&}}_:=+.*!#,,}/^}#::+:*_#;;!&^!$%#+_*.#.;&&,&;:+^}.%#:;:&;..:^+$*/#$#_&.=::,^^*+##;&&:!%:;^^*^$,;/&#=%:_:.*,$+;+/*=&::^*%:&:;^//=/#}^%*.$!;.;,=+_&^&*:$*;;&=!;*;^/%%$%=$/!=,:}^,^+$&.*/*!&:=^^*$}^=^/%!!_!=$*}$+;#^&;%_*^=*=$.;$#%=_#/};%!}!;}$}=#_&^:%&%*;=+!=$#%^_%%$..!+;=}_#^#%$$:.%/;*=&}^$%_$_.+/.,}_,;!:/$#.#/:*;_;^=%^$=$$/_!#_.,/%,$}.+/#*/_:,;%;}..^/}!/$_=:%.},.,+%!+&:,&&#^!.;+;!^/_,/%_}%._..!,#;,+&&}&.:+*!;*&,^&/}/:++%!:#!.,%}}+:&+&!}#*:$%==;.$+/*/#%_+&!},.}++!##&;*&*=*.=+,!$}/,_&%=!:!+_!}/&,#/+}::*^*!=,;,$&/}_:/:%*!$*,}&,}#:&+:**$.,=&$}$:}+_*&#.:!_=}}:#+#*,#:==&;!*%++$*$#_#=&.=!:,^!+}##;$&:=_:;+=*^#$.+&_=.:.^:*,#=;++#,_::^;*;$&;^__=/_$}**.$.;,;*=+:#^&*#*:;;/.=^_^^/*_$%;.+*=,_+^+%^$&;_/**;&,^^%/$/.!/%,,_!,..$$+.+/&*%_*^;*=$;$^//!+_%,;%!$,;}/+!$_&,*%*}%;=/,=$$/=&%%}!.!/#=}&&^#&++..*+*==*#^$%/$_./.%!!#*^}%_$#.&/:!*#.^=%$$$.}/_!&_..!:=$}.#/#!;_:}=%;=**+/$!$__..%.}!.,+!/}_#,$%:}$.;/=!^_$#!%_}...+:!,_=,+/#}&.:+;!;#/,^/$}/:$+%!.#.,,^.}+.#+&*##*,;&.}^!++/!_#%;_&!},:.++**#&,:&*=:.=+^*.#/}+&%}.:!+.+,#+;.&&}_:*+;!=#^$*&/=%:%^^*!#;,}++}#:&^***#},=^_}$_^+_*%$%;!,,}}:++#*&#:;*&=}=:=+$*+#_:%&.=!:}+}*_##_;&:!&:;+=*=#$%#&_=%:.^!%;#};#&#=#::^%*;}*=&&$=_:_$+*.$!;,//&::#^:*:+&;;/!=^:}^/*=+^;./!=,&!^+*$$&;}#+=;:=^^:%$/;#/%!_%=^,%+$+=,/&=:_*^}^/$^.///:}_%^:%!$;;}/.;!_&^:%*;_;=/,=$#^$;%%}!.!#/=}_+^#%.&%.*/===/%^$%+$_.%/.!/&_^}%+$#*=/:!%_;;*:+$$._/_/._.,!%,}/}$/#!:_:=$%;}!.^/$!/_==^%.}!.,$:!+_$,&%}^+.;/=!^,!,/%#}%:__$!,#+,+,/}&.:+*!}!/,^&/}/%_+%!:#!,;%}}.%!+&!:#*!;%=},.$+;;=#%,.&!,:.}+^!#$+=.&*}=.=^#!$#/,_&;%}:!+}!},;,#&/}::%+;*&/:,$&/}_+++.**#,.!:%}#::+:%^#;,=&^=&}.+_*.#.*,&,}=:++$*&#}!+&;}=:^=/*/##;%&$,/:,+}*+^^;&&_=*_:$}*^$/;/:!=%:.^!*$*&;+/&=&+$^**.#=;,&$=;%=^%*.$!&:&}=^:#,+;,$*;=&=%^:$^/*_$;#}/!=}:}!&*#$/;:/%=;_&}:*$$/;_}!=._*^,%%+.;#/&=:+&^;%!$^.=#&=__.^./#$,;}/+!%!_^:%;$;&*/^=}_/^_%%$$*//,=}_+!}%&$_.*/#;&_^^$%/;}.%/:!!#.$_%+}&.&/}!*_;^=%#%%./+%!%+=,!%;$}.^/#!,&},*%;$=&#/$!+__,^:$}!.,/}:=_#,/%:=&*,/=!$_$#^%_}%..+^+=_},#%#;$.:+%!;_=,^&*^;._+%!.^:,,%=}+:!$,!:#*,;}%}^.}+/*$%=,.&,},!#++!##&;!,^};:^+^__#/,#&%}::!+_.%#+,#&&.;:*+.!=#:!*&/}_:%!_*!#;,}/,^_:&^***,},=&^}$::_&*%$!;!}.}}:^+#*&#:;+_#}=:^+$#^#_;&&.=/%_+}*+##&^&:=%:;,*.+#$;_&_^,:.^!*,}!!/&#=_::,:*;#=;^&$%+:_^_*.$!;,/!=+$#^&*:$:;;$==^+#^/*_$%;./:=,:=^+*#$&;:/*=;_:^^*$$/.!/%%._!^,%.$+%,/&*;_*,:*=$^..//!&_%^.%!}.;}/+!._&:=%*$;;=^^=$_/,;%%}^.!,$=}$+^#%&},.*++==&$^$//$_.%+^!!#/^}#,$#:+#.!*#^^=/*$$.//_!%};,!&^$}.#/#!&_:;&%;$=:^/$,=__,%%.}!.,/}**_#,=%:=*.;+=!^_$,=%_&:..+#!,}},+%#}}.:#*!;%_,^&=}/._+}!.,&,,%}}+:}+&!:#},;$+}^.$+/!_#%,.&#},:!++!}#&;:&*};::+^_;#/;,&%}.:!+,*:#+,#&&}_:*^:;}#^;:&//+:%+.*!$.;}&+=::&;/**#;,=/;}$:/^:*%!};!&,}}#++#*&$.;*/,}=$=+$%^#_;%/:=!$$+}*+##;&&:=*_,+=%,#$;^&_*%:.^!%^#}./&#,:::;**;#=.+&$!&:_!/*.$!;,&}!&:#^+*:$&;;&==^:$,**_$=;./}=,_}^+*#$=;:#&=;_#^^%$&};_/$=.!*^,%:$+;#.^=:__^;%:$^;}//!_*#^.%.$,=+/+!^_&,#/$$;../^/%_/^_%%=..!/,!;_+,^%&*&.*+:==_^,.%/+*.%/.!!_,^}%+}^.&+^!*_:^=/^$$./++!%#&,!.^$}.+/#!&#^,*&*$=.^/$!/__,%&&}!:&/}!,_#,&%:}*:&/=!^_$,+%_*%..+!*%_}./%#*+.:^&!;_=;%%$*+._+%!.#^_#%}=*.#&}!:#%,;&!}^:*$;!_#%,.*_},.=++*}&!,:&$};!*+^!$#/;*,,}.:#+,=.#+,$&&}_:*+#.&#^,$&/$^:%+:*!$.}_&+=;:&;;**#;,=&#&%:/^,*%_/;!&;}}:^+#*,/};*&;}=.*+$*+#_./:^=!_&+}+$##;&&:***$+=%%#$.!&_+/:.,%;%#}.*&#++::^**;#=_:&$!!:_^%*.$/;,/}=+:#^=*:^};;/,=^_$^/*_$};.#&=,_;^+/#$&;:/$=;%_^^:,$/._/%=._#^,_&$+.,/&!#_*^;%#$^}=//=__%^.%!$,.#/+!;_&^:%*$;;=/^!:_/^$%%$:.!/,=}_+^#%&$_.*/;==_^");local _ll__=(0x25a4/132)local _l=10 local __=___;local _={}_={[((0x6a-82)+-#'PSU and MoonSec winning')]=function()local ____,_l_,_,___=_ll___(___l__,__,__+_lll_);__=__+_llll;_l=(_l+(_ll__*_llll))%_ll;return(((___+_l-(_ll__)+__l*(_llll*__l_l))%__l)*((__l_l*_l_l__)^__l_l))+(((_+_l-(_ll__*__l_l)+__l*(__l_l^_lll_))%_ll)*(__l*_ll))+(((_l_+_l-(_ll__*_lll_)+_l_l__)%_ll)*__l)+((____+_l-(_ll__*_llll)+_l_l__)%_ll);end,[(0x53-81)]=function(_,_,_)local _=_ll___(___l__,__,__);__=__+_l__;_l=(_l+(_ll__))%_ll;return((_+_l-(_ll__)+_l_l__)%__l);end,[(-#'im gonna shit yourself'+(0x6c+(-68-0xf)))]=function()local ___,_=_ll___(___l__,__,__+__l_l);_l=(_l+(_ll__*__l_l))%_ll;__=__+__l_l;return(((_+_l-(_ll__)+__l*(__l_l*_llll))%__l)*_ll)+((___+_l-(_ll__*__l_l)+_ll*(__l_l^_lll_))%__l);end,[((195-((-22+0xba)+-#"my memestring kicks ass"))+-#[[im giving 50k to the one who solves this challenge]])]=function(__,_,_l)if _l then local _=(__/__l_l^(_-___))%__l_l^((_l-_l__)-(_-___)+_l__);return _-_%___;else local _=__l_l^(_-_l__);return(__%(_+_)>=_)and ___ or ______;end;end,[(-0x19+30)]=function()local __=_[(0x72/114)]();local _l=_[(-100+0x65)]();local ____=___;local _l_=(_[((-39+0x6d)+-#'This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off')](_l,_l__,__l___+_llll)*(__l_l^(__l___*__l_l)))+__;local __=_[(0x2fc/191)](_l,21,31);local _=((-___)^_[(((-79+0xe2)-121)+-#'what the fuck is sleep')](_l,32));if(__==______)then if(_l_==_l____)then return _*______;else __=_l__;____=_l____;end;elseif(__==(__l*(__l_l^_lll_))-_l__)then return(_l_==______)and(_*(_l__/_l____))or(_*(______/_l____));end;return _l_ll_(_,__-((_ll*(_llll))-___))*(____+(_l_/(__l_l^__lll_)));end,[(-#[[staymad]]+(845/(-#[[<@!847154787934011462> shut the fuck up]]+(-20+0x7c))))]=function(_l_,____,____)local ____;if(not _l_)then _l_=_[(-0x2e+47)]();if(_l_==______)then return'';end;end;____=_ll_l_(___l__,__,__+_l_-___);__=__+_l_;local _=''for __=_l__,#____ do _=____l_(_,__ll__((_ll___(_ll_l_(____,__,__))+_l)%_ll))_l=(_l+_ll__)%__l end return _;end}local function ______(...)return{...},_l__l_('#',...)end local function ___l__()local _l_l={};local _l_={};local __={};local ____={_l_l,_l_,nil,__};local _l={}local __ll=(186-0x85)local __l={[(856/0xd6)]=(function(__)return not(#__==_[((-#"porn"+(1800/0x32))+-0x1e)]())end),[(((0x23b2-4630)/0xc4)+-#'i still hate noobmaster')]=(function(__)return _[(57-0x34)]()end),[(0x6e-109)]=(function(__)return _[((0x86+-124)+-#'c0ck')]()end),[((0xc4-153)+-#"no she is 7000 y.o with huuuuuge milkers")]=(function(__)local ___=_[(0x85-127)]()local _=''local __=1 for _l=1,#___ do __=(__+__ll)%_ll _=____l_(_,__ll__((_ll___(___:sub(_l,_l))+__)%__l))end return _ end)};for _=_l__,_[(0x43+-66)]()do _l_[_-_l__]=___l__();end;local __=_[((289-0xb9)-103)]()for __=1,__ do local _=_[((182-0x69)+-#"How to deobfuscate: function deobfuscate() while true do end; deobfuscate()")]();local ___;local _=__l[_%(1254/0x39)];_l[__]=_ and _({});end;for __l=1,_[(0x65-100)]()do local __=_[(72+-0x46)]();if(_[(0x56-82)](__,___,_l__)==_l____)then local _ll=_[((0x81+-77)+-#"alt + f4 to open up the deobfuscated source code")](__,__l_l,_lll_);local _l_=_[(0x238/142)](__,_llll,__l_l+_llll);local __={_[(68-0x41)](),_[(-#"mom shot dad"+((-138+0x14)+0x85))](),nil,nil};local ____={[(-0x48+((19092/0xac)+-#[[I have 0x in my nickname and I am cool.]]))]=function()__[__l_]=_[(0x2dc/244)]();__[_l_ll]=_[(69-0x42)]();end,[(32-0x1f)]=function()__[___l]=_[(0x14+(-2888/0x98))]();end,[(0x71+-111)]=function()__[__l_]=_[(-#"federal is an asshole"+(5214/0xed))]()-(__l_l^__l___)end,[(0x120/96)]=function()__[___l]=_[((159-0x88)+-#"im gonna shit yourself")]()-(__l_l^__l___)__[_ll_l]=_[(219/0x49)]();end};____[_ll]();if(_[(348/0x57)](_l_,_l__,___)==_l__)then __[_____]=_l[__[_ll_]]end if(_[(89-0x55)](_l_,__l_l,__l_l)==___)then __[_lll]=_l[__[_lll]]end if(_[(-65+0x45)](_l_,_lll_,_lll_)==_l__)then __[_ll_l]=_l[__[__lll]]end _l_l[__l]=__;end end;____[3]=_[(94-0x5c)]();return ____;end;local function _l____(_,_llll,_ll__)local __l=_[__l_l];local _l=_[_lll_];local _=_[___];return(function(...)local __=___;local _ll___=__l;local __l=_;local _ll=_l;local _l_l__=_l__l_('#',...)-_l__;local __ll__={};local ___l__={...};local __l___={};local _=___ _*=-1 local _lll_=_;local ______=______ local _l={};for _=0,_l_l__ do if(_>=_ll)then __ll__[_-_ll]=___l__[_+_l__];else _l[_]=___l__[_+___];end;end;local _=_l_l__-_ll+___ local _;local _ll;while true do _=__l[__];_ll=_[(83+(-0x616/19))];_l_=(8928582)while(0xff-183)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(11123060)while((113+-0x41)+-#"chrome sex me")>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(2398110)while(0x9c3/147)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(273760)while(-#"This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off"+(0xc8-126))>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(259798)while _ll<=(-#'Oh, so you know what banging is? Bang every single woman in your location.'+(176+-0x63))do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(8039504)while(-#'This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off'+(252-0xb9))>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(7078349)while _ll>(0/0xaf)do _l_-= _l_ if _l[_[__ll]]then __=__+___;else __=_[_lll];end;break end while 3643==(_l_)/((3928-0x7c1))do __=_[___l_];break end;break;end while(_l_)/((-#"Federal spilled out the milk"+(0xc26+-90)))==2687 do _l_=(3066186)while(0x160/176)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l[_[__ll]][_[_l_l_]]=_l[_[____l]];break end while 786==(_l_)/((-#"paster haha paster"+(0x44e38/72)))do local _=_[____]_l[_](__ll_(_l,_+_l__,_lll_))break end;break;end break;end while 2651==(_l_)/((-#"Jeff Bezos approved"+(209+-0x5c)))do _l_=(3267702)while _ll<=(47-0x2a)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(10279152)while(-41+0x2d)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ local ___l;local ____l,__ll;local _ll;local _l_;_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[_l_l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_ll__[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[_lll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_ll__[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____];_ll=_l[_[__l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[__l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l];_ll=_l[_[___l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____]____l,__ll=______(_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+1,_[_lll])))_lll_=__ll+_l_-1 ___l=0;for _=_l_,_lll_ do ___l=___l+___;_l[_]=____l[___l];end;__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_lll_))break end while(_l_)/((7044-0xdf8))==2964 do local _l_;_l[_[_ll_]]=_llll[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_ll__[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];if(_l[_[_l_l]]==_l[_[___ll]])then __=__+_l__;else __=_[_l_l_];end;break end;break;end while 2631==(_l_)/((0x9e4-1290))do _l_=(24378)while(522/0x57)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ local _={_,_l};_[__l_l][_[_l__][____]]=_[__l_l][_[___][_l_l_]]+_[_l__][___ll];break;end while 717==(_l_)/((177-0x8f))do _l_=(4256909)while(-44+0x33)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l[_[____]]=_l[_[_l_l_]][_l[_[_l__l]]];break end while 3137==(_l_)/((0xae3-(-0x4e+1508)))do _llll[_[_lll]]=_l[_[__ll]];break end;break;end break;end break;end break;end while 232==(_l_)/((2433-0x4e5))do _l_=(4946998)while(768/0x40)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(5572350)while _ll<=(0x90-134)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(1134799)while _ll>(0x369/97)do _l_-= _l_ local __l__;local _ll;local _ll_;local _l_;_l[_[____]]=_ll__[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[_lll]][_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l];_ll_=_l[_[_l_l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll_;_l[_l_]=_ll_[_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_l[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[___l]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l___];_ll_=_l[_[___l]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll_;_l[_l_]=_ll_[_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l___]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_ll={_l,_};_ll[_l__][_ll[__l_l][_l___]]=_ll[___][_ll[__l_l][_l__l]]+_ll[_l__][_ll[__l_l][___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[___l_]]%_[_l_ll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_ll_=_[__l_];__l__=_l[_ll_]for _=_ll_+1,_[___ll]do __l__=__l__.._l[_];end;_l[_[__ll]]=__l__;__=__+___;_=__l[__];_ll={_l,_};_ll[_l__][_ll[__l_l][_____]]=_ll[___][_ll[__l_l][___ll]]+_ll[_l__][_ll[__l_l][_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[_lll]]%_[____l];break end while 3161==(_l_)/((822-0x1cf))do if(_l[_[_l___]]~=_[__lll])then __=__+_l__;else __=_[_lll];end;break end;break;end while(_l_)/((0x4c4f4/122))==2175 do _l_=(1705546)while(-#[[you have failed the script logging speedrun]]+(-85+0x8b))<_ll do _l_-= _l_ local _l_=_[_____]local __l={_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+1,_lll_))};local __=0;for _=_l_,_[____l]do __=__+___;_l[_]=__l[__];end break end while 1094==(_l_)/((((351284/0x6a)-1698)+-#[[Oh so you know C++? What does sizeof(int) equal to? (gcc)]]))do _l[_[_____]]=_l[_[__l__]]%_[___ll];break end;break;end break;end while 2302==(_l_)/((4320-0x87b))do _l_=(1339510)while _ll<=((231-0xa6)+-#"You know lua? name every metamethod - skids of v3rm")do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(8475026)while(3315/0xff)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ if(_l[_[____]]<_l[_[_l_ll]])then __=__+_l__;else __=_[___l];end;break end while 4009==(_l_)/(((-#[[constant dumB]]+(433200/0x64))-2205))do local _l_;_l[_[____]]=_l[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_ll__[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[__l__]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[_lll]][_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[___l]][_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[__l_]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_[___l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[_lll]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[__l__];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_l[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[___l]][_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[___l]][_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[_l_l_]))break end;break;end while 1798==(_l_)/((1599-0x356))do _l_=(5726950)while _ll<=((0x76+-82)+-#'Perths Scripting Shit')do _l_-= _l_ _l[_[_ll_]][_[_lll]]=_[_l__l];break;end while 2350==(_l_)/((0x1320-2459))do _l_=(8184400)while(-104+0x78)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ local __=_[____]_l[__](__ll_(_l,__+_l__,_[___l]))break end while(_l_)/(((0xfb5+-27)+-#"fed why copy ms priv bot and make it psu bot"))==2072 do local __ll;local _ll;local _l_;_l[_[_l_l]]=_ll__[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_ll__[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l];_ll=_l[_[___l]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[___l]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[__l_]][_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[_lll]][_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_ll=_[__l__];__ll=_l[_ll]for _=_ll+1,_[_l__l]do __ll=__ll.._l[_];end;_l[_[_l_l]]=__ll;__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]][_[___l]]=_l[_[___ll]];break end;break;end break;end break;end break;end break;end while 3354==(_l_)/((-41+0x2f4))do _l_=(14527840)while _ll<=(87-0x3d)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(4259952)while _ll<=((240-0xb2)+-#"Penis Sucking Utilities source leak lol!!")do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(680064)while _ll<=((5824/(0x1a6-240))+-#'unban fiusen?')do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(744660)while(-0x7f+145)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l[_[__ll]]=_llll[_[_l_l_]];break end while 252==(_l_)/((0x46b36/98))do _l[_[__ll]]=_l____(_ll___[_[_l_l_]],nil,_ll__);break end;break;end while 2024==(_l_)/((-#[[im a bigger]]+(0xdcf1/163)))do _l_=(4747627)while _ll>(0xed8/190)do _l_-= _l_ local _={_,_l};_[__l_l][_[_l__][_l___]]=_[__l_l][_[___][_l_l_]]+_[_l__][_l__l];break end while 1229==(_l_)/(((-146+0x40)+0xf69))do local _ll;local _l_;_l_=_[____];_ll=_l[_[_l_l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[_l_l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[___l]][_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[__l_]][_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[__l_]][_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_];_ll=_l[_[_lll]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];__=_[__l__];break end;break;end break;end while 1539==(_l_)/((0x506b0/119))do _l_=(2336448)while _ll<=(1771/(0x3c75/201))do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(1737298)while _ll>(2068/0x5e)do _l_-= _l_ local _l_;_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]={};__=__+___;_=__l[__];_llll[_[_l_l_]]=_l[_[_l___]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_ll__[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[___l]][_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_llll[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_llll[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[__l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];do return end;break end while(_l_)/((2846+-0x54))==629 do local _=_[____]local _l_,__=______(_l[_](_l[_+_l__]))_lll_=__+_-___ local __=0;for _=_,_lll_ do __=__+___;_l[_]=_l_[__];end;break end;break;end while 2264==(_l_)/((2114-0x43a))do _l_=(2919330)while(127+-0x67)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ local _=_[_ll_]local _l_,__=______(_l[_](_l[_+_l__]))_lll_=__+_-___ local __=0;for _=_,_lll_ do __=__+___;_l[_]=_l_[__];end;break;end while 1194==(_l_)/((-#'dang nice obfuskator _drags ball across screen_'+(346388/0x8b)))do _l_=(1409280)while((0x42+-19)+-#"Telecrypter buggin bro")<_ll do _l_-= _l_ local __=_[__ll]_l[__]=_l[__](__ll_(_l,__+___,_[___l_]))break end while(_l_)/((0x549+-73))==1101 do local _l_=_[__ll];local _ll=_[____l];local __l=_l_+2 local _l_={_l[_l_](_l[_l_+1],_l[__l])};for _=1,_ll do _l[__l+_]=_l_[_];end;local _l_=_l_[1]if _l_ then _l[__l]=_l_ __=_[__l__];else __=__+___;end;break end;break;end break;end break;end break;end while 4040==(_l_)/((3702+-0x6a))do _l_=(2691293)while _ll<=(0xa3-133)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(4848101)while(0x55+-57)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(2840052)while(0x5b+-64)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ local _l__;local _l___,____l;local __l_;local _ll;local _l_;_l[_[_____]]=_l[_[___l]][_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll];_ll=_l[_[___l]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_ll__[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll];_ll=_l[_[_lll]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[__l__];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_llll[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[__l__];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_llll[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_ll=_[__l__];__l_=_l[_ll]for _=_ll+1,_[_l__l]do __l_=__l_.._l[_];end;_l[_[_l_l]]=__l_;__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l___,____l=______(_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+1,_[_lll])))_lll_=____l+_l_-1 _l__=0;for _=_l_,_lll_ do _l__=_l__+___;_l[_]=_l___[_l__];end;__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_lll_))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[___l]];break end while 1866==(_l_)/(((-30+0x652)+-#[[This file has been enchanted with uncrackable V, fuck the fuck off]]))do local _=_[_ll_]_l[_]=_l[_]()break end;break;end while(_l_)/((0x10c5-2206))==2323 do _l_=(3751646)while _ll>((205+-0x46)-0x6a)do _l_-= _l_ local _l_;_l_=_[____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_]()__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]][_[__l_]]=_[____l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_ll__[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_]()__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]][_[__l__]]=_[____l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_ll__[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_]()__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]][_[__l_]]=_[_l_ll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_ll__[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_ll__[_[___l]];break end while 2906==(_l_)/((0x55bb/17))do _l[_[_l_l]]=(_[__l_]~=0);__=__+_l__;break end;break;end break;end while 1501==(_l_)/((-#[[how to opcode]]+(0xe38-1834)))do _l_=(201550)while _ll<=(110-0x4e)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(97500)while _ll>(0x744/60)do _l_-= _l_ _l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[_lll]]-_l[_[_l__l]];break end while 390==(_l_)/((272+-0x16))do local ___=_[_l_l_];local __=_l[___]for _=___+1,_[_ll_l]do __=__.._l[_];end;_l[_[____]]=__;break end;break;end while 4031==(_l_)/((-#'Fun and games until a = (function() a() end) a()'+(0x10f-173)))do _l_=(377625)while(0xbe-157)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ local _l_;_l[_[____]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[__l__]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[_lll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[___l]][_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[___l]][_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[_l_l_]][_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[__l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_ll__[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[_lll]][_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[__l__];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[___l]][_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[___l]][_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[_lll]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]][_[__l_]]=_[_l__l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]][_[_l_l_]]=_[_ll_l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];do return end;break;end while 125==(_l_)/((((0x1871+-116)-3116)+-#'real'))do _l_=(542976)while(0x57+(-#"what the fuck is sleep"+(48-0x4f)))<_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[___l]]-_l[_[_l__l]];break end while 448==(_l_)/((267852/0xdd))do local _ll;local _l_;_l[_[_ll_]]=(_[__l__]~=0);__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_ll__[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l___];_ll=_l[_[_lll]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l___]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[___l]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[__l__]][_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____];_ll=_l[_[___l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_l_ll]];break end;break;end break;end break;end break;end break;end break;end while(_l_)/((0x1c4d-(-#"Nigh"+(0x1d0f-3770))))==3107 do _l_=(3681964)while _ll<=(211-0x9e)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(8166536)while _ll<=(-#'Federal is godly'+(179-0x77))do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(7014384)while((147+-0x4a)+-#"Nice constant dumper you got there")>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(576793)while(107-0x46)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(3217354)while _ll>(138-0x66)do _l_-= _l_ local _ll;local _l_;_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[__l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_];_ll=_l[_[___l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[___l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l];_ll=_l[_[_lll]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_____]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[__l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];if not _l[_[_l___]]then __=__+_l__;else __=_[__l_];end;break end while 2909==(_l_)/((-73+0x49b))do _l[_[_l___]]={};break end;break;end while(_l_)/((1336-0x2c3))==917 do _l_=(10393777)while _ll>(-0x49+111)do _l_-= _l_ local _=_[_____]_l[_](_l[_+_l__])break end while 2927==(_l_)/((-#"free_lua_deobfuscator.hacker.com"+(0x1c47-3656)))do local _=_[_____]_l[_](__ll_(_l,_+_l__,_lll_))break end;break;end break;end while(_l_)/(((0x8474e/143)+-#[[dang nice obfuskator _drags ball across screen_]]))==1872 do _l_=(1432354)while _ll<=(4756/0x74)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(488268)while _ll>(3680/0x5c)do _l_-= _l_ _l[_[_l___]]();break end while 3014==(_l_)/((37746/0xe9))do if(_l[_[_l___]]<_l[_[_l__l]])then __=__+_l__;else __=_[___l];end;break end;break;end while 781==(_l_)/((119210/(0x1cb1/113)))do _l_=(1179500)while((8580/0x9c)+-#[[Gav is shitty]])>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ local _=_[_____]_l[_]=_l[_](_l[_+_l__])break;end while(_l_)/(((-65+0x3bd)+-#"Use a condom kids"))==1348 do _l_=(3625237)while _ll>(75+-0x20)do _l_-= _l_ local _ll;local _l_;_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l];_ll=_l[_[__l__]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_l_ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[__l__]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_____];_ll=_l[_[__l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[___l]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]={};__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]][_[__l__]]=_[___ll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[__l__]];break end while 979==(_l_)/((0x1d52-3803))do local _ll;local _l_;_l[_[_l___]]=_ll__[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____];_ll=_l[_[_lll]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[___l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[_l_l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[_l_l_]][_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[_lll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_[___l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[_lll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_[___l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_[___l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[___l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[_lll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[_lll]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[___l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[_lll]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[_l_l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[_l_l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[__l__]][_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[_lll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_[_lll];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[__l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_[__l__];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_ll__[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l];_ll=_l[_[__l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l___]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+___,_[___l]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[___l]][_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_____];_ll=_l[_[__l_]];_l[_l_+1]=_ll;_l[_l_]=_ll[_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_l[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_l[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_l[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_](__ll_(_l,_l_+_l__,_[__l_]))__=__+___;_=__l[__];do return end;break end;break;end break;end break;end break;end while(_l_)/((0x1572a/25))==2324 do _l_=(147423)while _ll<=(-#[[real]]+(178-0x7e))do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(1342890)while _ll<=(-#"someone play roblox with mer please hes lonely"+(-0x46+162))do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(485550)while(4455/0x63)<_ll do _l_-= _l_ local _l_;_l[_[_l___]]=_ll__[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l___]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_ll__[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[__l__]][_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[____]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[_l_l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[___l_]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_ll_]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];if(_l[_[_l_l]]<_l[_[__lll]])then __=__+_l__;else __=_[_lll];end;break end while(_l_)/((0x34c-454))==1245 do local _l_;_l[_[____]]=_ll__[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_l[_[__l_]][_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]={};__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]]=_[__l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[___l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[___l]][_[_ll_l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[_l_l]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_l[_[__l__]][_[_l__l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=(_[_l_l_]~=0);__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]]=_ll__[_[___l_]];break end;break;end while 387==(_l_)/((-#'Federal was here...'+(-24+0xdb9)))do _l_=(2735300)while _ll>(0xa77/57)do _l_-= _l_ local ____=_ll___[_[__l_]];local _ll;local ___={};_ll=__l_l_({},{__index=function(__,_)local _=___[_];return _[1][_[2]];end,__newindex=function(_l,_,__)local _=___[_]_[1][_[2]]=__;end;});for _l_=1,_[__lll]do __=__+_l__;local _=__l[__];if _[(0x5f+-94)]==64 then ___[_l_-1]={_l,_[__l__]};else ___[_l_-1]={_llll,_[_lll]};end;__l___[#__l___+1]=___;end;_l[_[__ll]]=_l____(____,_ll,_ll__);break end while 1700==(_l_)/((((81147960/0xd8)/227)+-#'someone play roblox with mer please hes lonely'))do local _l_;local _ll;local _l_l_;_l[_[_l___]]=_l[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[__l__];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_l_=_[__l__];_ll=_l[_l_l_]for _=_l_l_+1,_[__lll]do _ll=_ll.._l[_];end;_l[_[_l_l]]=_ll;__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]][_[_lll]]=_l[_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]][_[___l]]=_[_ll_l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_ll_]]=_ll__[_[__l_]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_[___l_];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l[_l_]=_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l_l]][_[__l_]]=_l[_[___ll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]={};break end;break;end break;end while 939==(_l_)/(((31416/0x9a)+-#'KFC tried to justify urls as fake constants LOL'))do _l_=(1759824)while _ll<=(-#[[win+L = solution]]+(12870/0xc3))do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(14691096)while _ll>(-0x49+122)do _l_-= _l_ local _ll=_ll___[_[___l_]];local _l_;local ___={};_l_=__l_l_({},{__index=function(__,_)local _=___[_];return _[1][_[2]];end,__newindex=function(_l,_,__)local _=___[_]_[1][_[2]]=__;end;});for _l_=1,_[_ll_l]do __=__+_l__;local _=__l[__];if _[(0x37/55)]==64 then ___[_l_-1]={_l,_[___l_]};else ___[_l_-1]={_llll,_[__l_]};end;__l___[#__l___+1]=___;end;_l[_[__ll]]=_l____(_ll,_l_,_ll__);break end while 3962==(_l_)/(((7552-0xef6)+-#[[Bye bye :wave:]]))do _l[_[__ll]]={};__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]][_[___l]]=_[_l__l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]={};__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]={};__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]][_[_l_l_]]=_[_ll_l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_[__l__];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[___l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]]=_l[_[__l__]][_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[_l_l_]][_[__lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[_lll]][_[___ll]];break end;break;end while(_l_)/((1085+-0x75))==1818 do _l_=(13726698)while _ll<=((-0x3c+169)+-#"this meme string was brought to you by raid shadow legends")do _l_-= _l_ local _={_l,_};_[_l__][_[__l_l][____]]=_[___][_[__l_l][_l__l]]+_[_l__][_[__l_l][__l__]];break;end while(_l_)/(((7665-0xf21)+-#"Consume the Cum Chalice"))==3642 do _l_=(9080912)while _ll>(0xe6c/71)do _l_-= _l_ local ___=_[_l___];local _l_=_l[___]local __l=_l[___+2];if(__l>0)then if(_l_>_l[___+1])then __=_[___l];else _l[___+3]=_l_;end elseif(_l_<_l[___+1])then __=_[__l_];else _l[___+3]=_l_;end break end while 2881==(_l_)/((0xc70+-32))do local _l_;_l[_[____]]={};__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_____]][_[__l__]]=_l[_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]][_[___l]]=_l[_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]][_[__l_]]=_[_l__l];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[_l___]][_[__l_]]=_l[_[____l]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[__ll]]=_ll__[_[__l__]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l[_[____]]=_l[_[_lll]];__=__+___;_=__l[__];_l_=_[__ll]_l[_l_](_l[_l_+_l__])__=__+___;_=__l[__];do return end;break end;break;end break;end break;end break;end break;end while 1727==(_l_)/((2217+-0x55))do _l_=(2202556)while(-0x62+160)>=_ll do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(9079872)while _ll<=(178-0x79)do _l_-= _l_ _l_=(13996566)…

---
## [Pumpkin-Cap/Pumpkin-Cap-Repo](https://github.com/Pumpkin-Cap/Pumpkin-Cap-Repo)@[439ab8fa7a...](https://github.com/Pumpkin-Cap/Pumpkin-Cap-Repo/commit/439ab8fa7adb8fa585e21338880d5aec43b5139e)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 17:52:52 by Andrew Kerr

silly stupidly overcomplicated friend list decomplicated and now almost done. too much detail? not enough? life story next

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[e5effd9a95...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e5effd9a952d01f0d17f98d4168bf563d5b3759a)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 18:01:06 by Marko Grdinić

"5:35pm. There was thunder so I just went to bed instead of risking my electronics. In fact there is still some outside.

5:40pm. I got up wanting to do some work on the new Spiral backend, but who is going to start at this time.

> I got your CV from our recruiters and I'd like to schedule an interview with you. Would you be available someday this week, afternoon CEST?

This is from Intel's compiler engineering manager. So far, I've applied to 3 compiler places, and 2 of them gave me bites, 3 if we count Zenna. I guess I do have some appeal from people in such a field. Maybe Forward Nets would have gone better if I hadn't spazzed it.

Well, I only need one job.

Ok, let me think.

Yeah, let me reply asking him to do it tomorrow. It is best that I get this out of the way quickly. Zenna said he would get back to me soon, and I am on the track with Green Hills. I do not want to be free and on the job market for long. The sooner I get these interviews out of the way, the better.

6:15pm. Done with lunch.

7:15pm. The interview with Viktor is scheduled for 2:30pm tomorrow. It is over Microsoft Teams.

Let me install the thing and I'll call it a day here.

7:45pm. Ok, I get it. I had to reset my MS account password due to stupidity, but ultimately I just click a link and join. I can even do it from Google Calendar. That should make things easy.

Yes...

The only bit of real work that I've done today is that quiz, and doing some emailing and yet I feel exhausted.

7:50pm. What will happen, who knows? My mind is in overdrive and needs to cool down. I'll take a bath here.

Tomorrow, I'll do the Intel interview. Eventually I'll get an offer, commit to it and get off the job hunt. I should be doing programming rather than this. If I do not get any emails, I might time to work on the backend."

---
## [coreggon11/shibawars](https://github.com/coreggon11/shibawars)@[0c611fdc24...](https://github.com/coreggon11/shibawars/commit/0c611fdc246875b89a53fe1937630e4e7fc3d3b4)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-31 19:51:21 by Dominik Krížo

fuck you javascript and react and next and vue and idk who else

---

# [<](2021-08-30.md) 2021-08-31 [>](2021-09-01.md)

