# [<](2021-07-05.md) 2021-07-06 [>](2021-07-07.md)

2,950,186 events, 1,479,716 push events, 2,455,423 commit messages, 182,757,655 characters


## [raibm/my-rp-universe](https://github.com/raibm/my-rp-universe)@[f49f7f9472...](https://github.com/raibm/my-rp-universe/commit/f49f7f9472aa377cbbe58f3121acc6b6fef0b213)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 01:57:28 by Rai Bizerra Maciel

202107052218__ for the love of god,  i hate intellij and lombok plugin

---
## [KrTeSeriesK/Mickle-Madness](https://github.com/KrTeSeriesK/Mickle-Madness)@[48145d1382...](https://github.com/KrTeSeriesK/Mickle-Madness/commit/48145d138254c8f05de6f527148c7763981a9f24)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 02:06:15 by Allan

new colors because fuck you

nfghdxmdthfmshgmsfh,gjdmhjsg

---
## [Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3)@[0896661925...](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3/commit/08966619254db7e2ec5d6f3c96469abb1c38b9d8)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 03:06:15 by harmonixer123

Last spells and changes

Changed the description of the covenant tokens to mention Spell Ascension.

Reduced the damage of Black Flame to 150 [50].

Reduced the damage from the black fire patch of the scorching hexes to 50.

Reduced the duration of the following weapon buffs and added another effect instead:
- Supreme Carthus Flame Arc: reduces Stamina Consumption by 20%.
- Supreme Darkmoon Blade: increases damage against Abyssal enemies by 20%.
- Sunlight Blade: increases damage against Hollow enemies by 20%.
- Supreme Black Flame Arc: increases damage against Demon enemies by 20%.

Changed the way the projectiles from Surging Soulmass spawn and act.

Added the following Ascended Spells:

Sorceries
- Refined Aural Decoy
- Mass Hidden Body
- Skilled Repair
- Mass Spook
- Impenetrable Wall of Light
- Lingering Unleash Magic
- Repeating Blizzard
- Repeating Crystal Storm

Pyromancies
- Lingering Iron Flesh
- Lingering Rockflesh
- Repeating Chaos Storm
- Repeating Firestorm
- Great Fecal Expulsion

Miracles
- Mass Tears of Denial
- Repeating Heavenly Thunder
- Quickened Holy Schism
- Repeating Pillars of Light
- Extended Ghostly Assault
- Repeating Proof of a Pact

Hexes
- Black Fire Whip
- Deep Overflow
- Repeating Swarm
- Repeating Dreg Torrent
- Scorching Recollection
- Repeating Yearning Dregs

---
## [discourse/discourse](https://github.com/discourse/discourse)@[b3d3ad250b...](https://github.com/discourse/discourse/commit/b3d3ad250beb8642ec8a9be5c69007c498544f4f)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 03:37:58 by Martin Brennan

FIX: Handle SMTPServerBusy for group smtp email (#13632)

Use the `sidekiq_retry_in` code from Jobs::UserEmail in group SMTP. Also we don't need to keep `seconds_to_delay` -- sidekiq uses the default delay calculation if you return 0 or nil from the block. See https://github.com/mperham/sidekiq/blob/3330df0ee37cfd3e0cd3ef01e3e66b584b99d488/lib/sidekiq/job_retry.rb#L216-L234 for sidekiq default retry delay logic.

I experimented with extracting this into a concern or a module, but `sidekiq_retry_in` is quite magic and it would not allow me to abstract away into a module that calls some method specificall in the child job class.

I would love to write tests for this, but it does not seem possible (not sure if its because of our test
setup) to write tests that test sidekiq's retry capability, and I am not sure if we should be anyway. Initial addition
to UserEmail did not test this functionality 
https://github.com/discourse/discourse/commit/d224966a0ed6d1bb10e6c9a7b4c787c495e81b49

---
## [Charles445/Locks](https://github.com/Charles445/Locks)@[c8a7f14191...](https://github.com/Charles445/Locks/commit/c8a7f1419192f5e5bfd54dfbc7f6f571f3cadac0)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 03:38:42 by Charles445

Locks Backport Part One

Initial backport of Locks 3 for 1.12.2

Quick note, when getting mixins to work I downgraded to ForgeGradle 2.3, ForgeGradle 3+ was giving me trouble.
Updated the gradle to the new maven URL so this old version should still work.

Ported Features:
Mixin support
Chunk based lock storage and lock networking (seems to work well enough)
Lockpicking GUI updated with the Artsy/Hoonts assets
Easy Lock support
Various types of locks and crafting recipes
Various types of lockpicks and crafting recipes
Lock enchantments and sounds
Removed unused sounds
Fix for locks rattling when correct keys are used
Deaf mode is true by default
Removed unused config options
Config for generating locks and lock weights, as well as enchantments
Creates collection when iterating in world event listener
Cannot place a chest next to a locked chest
Cannot drain items from locked chests, brewing stands, furnaces, etc.
Cannot use redstone to power locked blocks
Cannot push locked blocks with a piston
Enchantment descriptions and other lang changes
Locked locks give blocks explosion resistance

Notable differences from the 1.16.5 port:
Lockpick movement has been streamlined a bit so key presses aren't eaten as often.
Chunks have a capability to test if the chunk has had locks generated yet.
Oredict entries for locks and lockpick (helped with crafting) are "locksLock" and "locksLockPick" respectively. (you can change the names if you want)
Locks only get added for the player if all the lock's chunks are loaded client side (shouldn't be a problem, but you never know...)
LockableHandler loaded list was changed to synchronized to try and avoid list issues.

Issues Still Present:
Rendering issues with selection and locks where they go dark and transparent
Black screen bug that allegedly happens
No fancy world tooltip
No villager trades
No loot
Locks in a template don't randomly generate
May still have key ring crashes if they were present in 1.12.2

Possible Issues:
Chunk watching system might get intensive with a lot of locks around? Each lock sends a packet for each chunk it takes up.
Locks don't get added for the player if all the lock's chunks aren't loaded client side, which may cause problems randomly when chunks load weirdly?
Synchronized loaded locks list might not work as intended, it's hard to test that sort of thing. See LockableStorage for details on the original crash.
Randomly generated locks are same-seed inconsistent (which is standard fare for this sort of thing, honestly)

Also, I'm sorry for any gross code formatting, lol

---
## [Cosinusjustafonction/minigolf](https://github.com/Cosinusjustafonction/minigolf)@[46e19f9ee4...](https://github.com/Cosinusjustafonction/minigolf/commit/46e19f9ee40cf511c441998e6f61cfdec793d124)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 03:49:20 by Cosinusjustafonction

haha polygone from clicked points babeeee

i fucking hate my life  it's 4:48 and i'm tired

---
## [krinsman/pasta](https://github.com/krinsman/pasta)@[9bf644d954...](https://github.com/krinsman/pasta/commit/9bf644d9544244b8ce4126b2063f5009dd88e1a7)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 04:54:39 by William Krinsman

I think this finishes removing support of the custom COMPACT file format (which also isn't even documented anywhere explicitly anyway, not that I would want to maintain it regardless but still) although there is also a compactalignment class which from what I vaguely remember from the rest of the code base cannot be removed so easily and maybe has nothing to do with custom file formats at all whatsoever it's confusing to me to be honest

---
## [marcus-crane/nginx](https://github.com/marcus-crane/nginx)@[310af1d570...](https://github.com/marcus-crane/nginx/commit/310af1d57081545ca4732502ec78429c4b4d1cab)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 05:52:51 by Marcus Crane

Update nginx.conf to disable absolute_redirect

This is one of those commits that features hours of blood, sweat and
tears just to generate one line of code.

While it has no use currently in this file, it will save anyone who
takes this configuration and attempts to use the try_files directive.

Everything will be perfectly fine until one day, a lone iframe on your
site breaks and nothing makes sense anymore. You'll trawl through acres
of searches, none of which shed any light on this niche issue.

There are a few prerequisites to see this in action:
  * A try_files directive
  * A URL that redirects (301) ie /cool -> /cool/

There are a number of headers that fly provides such as
X-Forwarded-Proto among others.

Normally, this would be passed along to an application via proxy_pass
and then the application would render links with https as the scheme.

The trouble here is that try_files appears to have no such concern with
X-Forwarded-Proto or anything like that.

It still generates a Location header however, and try as you might, it
will always contain http as the scheme like so:

Location: http://example.org

This being because it's using the scheme of the actual nginx instance
itself, and with SSL termination done by fly, we aren't inside of an
actual ssl block. If we were, I'm sure this would be no problem.

Now, normally this would be fine. In fact, I imagine that you would get
a three layer redirect like so:

  * https://example.org -> http://example.org/ -> https://example.org/

It isn't hugely pretty but it works. In my case however, I have a CSP
header which means we end up with something like this:

Header: "frame-src 'self'"

  * https://utf9k.net -> http://utf9k.net -> wah, violated the CSP
    header because now we don't match self anymore

This is actually on true for Content Security Policy Level 2. CSP Level
3 will be treating http and https as both matching self but even so,
we should try to avoid mixed requests where possible.

Regardless, even if we didn't run into the CSP header (or you don't have
one), you would still end up doing three round trips regardless which
can be avoided by simply inheriting the preferred scheme from the
current page.

I would have preferred some way to simply "force" or override the scheme
internally to always prefer https but I'm not sure that there is
anything like that? If so, let me know!

---
## [dumb-stuff/improvmx_py](https://github.com/dumb-stuff/improvmx_py)@[a304984ed1...](https://github.com/dumb-stuff/improvmx_py/commit/a304984ed194c5fc88f3c4275ca3a2996a2745ac)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 06:14:21 by Rukchad Wongprayoon

Black code formatting style! :P (It so fucking ass hole ugly)

---
## [JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse)@[441d204ef7...](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse/commit/441d204ef75bce949b6a5f954c9451d3be3ae9cc)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 06:25:22 by JudeForNothing

Rebekah Beta 6

changes:
Dash cooldown now works properly, finally!
Fixed mirror overlay number not showing up when spawned in the boss room
Removed evil heart less-than-one-heart buff
Heart Reserve no longer arranges by players with parents or if it's Esau
Attempted fix: choosing tainted rebekah in co-op now shows the locked giantbook
Improved Rebekah main menu icon a bit
Improved Broken Heart hair sprite
Improved Maternal Love Aura's animation

---
## [qenu/vim-reddit](https://github.com/qenu/vim-reddit)@[60a06a26c1...](https://github.com/qenu/vim-reddit/commit/60a06a26c1e3596c13a940985dcae705048f26f9)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 09:44:39 by Enul

replace fuck yeah markdown

Fuck yeah markdown is down so, i replaced them with some shitty code for it to work :\ 
sorry if it doesn't look pretty

---
## [metalgearsloth/RobustToolbox](https://github.com/metalgearsloth/RobustToolbox)@[a8a081e0ed...](https://github.com/metalgearsloth/RobustToolbox/commit/a8a081e0ed657b238808685efe9b905e4ababfd0)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 10:06:19 by metalgearsloth

Kinda shitcodey but it works so fuck it doin it live

---
## [noborus/jpug-doc](https://github.com/noborus/jpug-doc)@[baa42287a0...](https://github.com/noborus/jpug-doc/commit/baa42287a04d4cd2ffa529a07ed7e23421e742ae)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 13:47:31 by Tom Lane

Improve our workaround for 'TeX capacity exceeded' in building PDF files.

In commit a5ec86a7c787832d28d5e50400ec96a5190f2555 I wrote a quick hack
that reduced the number of TeX string pool entries created while converting
our documentation to PDF form.  That held the fort for awhile, but as of
HEAD we're back up against the same limitation.  It turns out that the
original coding of \FlowObjectSetup actually results in *three* string pool
entries being generated for every "flow object" (that is, potential
cross-reference target) in the documentation, and my previous hack only got
rid of one of them.  With a little more care, we can reduce the string
count to one per flow object plus one per actually-cross-referenced flow
object (about 115000 + 5000 as of current HEAD); that should work until
the documentation volume roughly doubles from where it is today.

As a not-incidental side benefit, this change also causes pdfjadetex to
stop emitting unreferenced hyperlink anchors (bookmarks) into the PDF file.
It had been making one willy-nilly for every flow object; now it's just one
per actually-cross-referenced object.  This results in close to a 2X
savings in PDF file size.  We will still want to run the output through
"jpdftweak" to get it to be compressed; but we no longer need removal of
unreferenced bookmarks, so we might be able to find a quicker tool for
that step.

Although the failure only affects HEAD and US-format output at the moment,
9.5 cannot be more than a few pages short of failing likewise, so it
will inevitably fail after a few rounds of minor-version release notes.
I don't have a lot of faith that we'll never hit the limit in the older
branches; and anyway it would be nice to get rid of jpdftweak across the
board.  Therefore, back-patch to all supported branches.

---
## [cossacklabs/themis](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis)@[886f3bdfb1...](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/commit/886f3bdfb1365b8d0b7471d721a6050b20ad784e)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 15:02:46 by Alexei Lozovsky

WasmThemis example project with webpack (#851)

* Example WasmThemis project with webpack

Finally my dream is coming true: interactive example of Themis right in
the browser. It's a bit sad that I have to work for my own dreams, but
doing what I can with what I got.

The first commit adds a skeleton with webpack 5, pulling in WasmThemis
and half of the internet of other dependencies. Don't think about it too
much, okay? This is normal for JavaScript.

Right now we don't do anything, but at least you can see that WasmThemis
has loaded successfully. Or not.

* Utilities for UTF-8 and base64 conversion

JavaScript has no standard library and we'll need to encode JavaScript
strings as UTF-8 into Uint8Arrays, Uint8Arrays as base64 in strings,
and vice versa. JavaScript developers would pop a library for that.
I hate dependencies with a passion of a thousand burning suns, so
instead just reuse the code I found on MDN. Thanks, Mozilla!

* Secure Cell interactive example

Throw in layout, code, and basic styling for interactive example of
Secure Cell. You can input things and observe results. Performance
is okayish for symmetric keys. Passphrases are slow. Damn slow.

I thought about splitting this into commits, but no one reads these
messages, right? 🍌 <BANANA MODIFIER VIOLET> So why bother?

* Apply Cascading Style Shits

These took a while to get them more or less right. I don't envy web
designers that have to deal with this shit on a daily basis. I am so
exhausted from Safari thinking differently™ that I am not going to
clean up the CSS file, just throwing it in as is. (Like, why the hell
disabled inputs are 1 pixel shorter that normal ones? Who knows.)

But at least now the page looks *somewhat* decently. I don't care for
more formatting, as long as it's functional.

* Auto-adjust height of textareas

Normally text areas don't resize to fit their content, but this looks
weird when you enter some significant amount of text. While two lines
is good enough to input "test" or "message" there, let's make the text
areas grow a bit in response to user input and content changes.

* Break error message lines for readability

Error messages don't show nicely because they are a bit too long. Make
sure they are formatted like this:

   Error: Themis: SecureCellContextImprint:
   context must be not empty

which looks a bit better. The "source" of the error on one line, and
its "body" on the following one.

* Preprocess "index.html" with HTML plugin

Get "index.html" ready for subresource integrity injection. We'll need
to compute SRI and inject it into HTML content. That's why it can't
stay a verbatim resource.

* Compute SRI hash sum for JavaScript output

This is an example project for a security-conscious library and yet we
don't use SRI? Ridiculous. Throw in another plugin to compute the hash
of the compiler JS bundle and inject that into <script> tags in HTML.

* Switch to "wasm-themis"

Now that it's released, use the proper release channel instead of my
private preview.

* Minor CSS tweaks

Adjust textarea margins to get some more air between the textarea and
the label text above it.

---
## [facebook/hhvm](https://github.com/facebook/hhvm)@[f9ee580b49...](https://github.com/facebook/hhvm/commit/f9ee580b499ad3c81a8d7a7d95cc6a25218d2f34)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 15:24:17 by Lucian Wischik

longer timeouts for tests

Summary:
Sunday July 4th had some test failures https://fb.workplace.com/groups/hacklang.release/posts/1046751659194416

The failure is that `--retries 20` parameter has run out without the monitor yet responding to hh_client.

This failure has happened one other time in the past fortnight:
https://www.internalfb.com/intern/test/844424943247988?ref_report_id=0

https://pxl.cl/1LdZj

I think this is just an inevitable fact of life. Especially on a busy machine that's running lots of tests concurrently. With this diff I'm bumping up the timeout to 3mins. This will mean that we take longer to get signal on broken tests. But the reality is (1) we don't run tests locally, (2) we don't break these tests often.

There are a few future directions that we could take:
1. have all sandcastle tests pass a much longer timeout, and use a shorter timeout for dev-machines. (But, I don't really like having different setup for tests! it means you can't reproduce them as well!)
2. treat all such things where hh_server is too busy to respond as "skipped" rather than "failed". We already do that for the LSP tests.
3. Engineer hh_server so every test takes just a single processor, and so won't run into troubles with `buck test` parallelism. That's what we're doing in the re-architecture.
4. Mess about with buck test TARGETS files so as to reduce parallelism and make everything take longer. That'd be a downside.

So with this diff I've opted for the least impactful way of eliminating signal noise.

Reviewed By: shayne-fletcher

Differential Revision: D29543999

fbshipit-source-id: c2014d859074443084de39bd09f5dd384195f331

---
## [Spongiforma/acursed](https://github.com/Spongiforma/acursed)@[77b5cd3e47...](https://github.com/Spongiforma/acursed/commit/77b5cd3e4721a6ba9ba793c30fef19b8af893925)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 15:26:02 by Spongiforma

I knew a girl that rubbed her face on stuff like a cat. It was back in high school I still regret not trying to talk to her
By leaving shit like hair bands and kirbys about.
I can't wait to attend the Crazy Times Carnival tomorrow! Anyone else want to buy some lemonade at the Lemon (2) stand with meActually, without a doubt, this is the last post I'm ever going to make here. Ever.
                                                                                                                              Last few weeks the place has become incredibely disgusting. I can put up with Alice posters, but I can barely put up with all the vile posting. To top it off, stuff like this and posters like this >>34033679 or this >>34017391 or this >>34024372 or even this >>34047313
                                                                                                                              Enjoy your cesspool.

---
## [doctorhoseinpour/compiler-project](https://github.com/doctorhoseinpour/compiler-project)@[d98c82a6cb...](https://github.com/doctorhoseinpour/compiler-project/commit/d98c82a6cbca709e7538f84b19d8a497188dbcb0)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 17:47:07 by SaeeSaadat

everything is awesome except the mother fucking cock sucking 5

---
## [bonkmaykrQ/personal-css](https://github.com/bonkmaykrQ/personal-css)@[29ef776081...](https://github.com/bonkmaykrQ/personal-css/commit/29ef776081f782233c2c3ce9c115e3980d8884f9)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 19:38:59 by bonkmaykr

why the fuck is this not fixed? its not horrible but god it just reeks of no polish

---
## [MariaMod/Young-Maria](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria)@[e005b97a5e...](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria/commit/e005b97a5e33c2ce5ccbc9f5e599e2fb26f86dc5)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 20:43:19 by MilkyNail (MariaMod)

Add files via upload

- Fixed a few text style errors
- Fixed some pics (dad laps, brother, night club)
- Added a scene with mother by Plaze. You can see it after riding on the dad's lap. 40 points of relationship with mother are required, and there's a 25% chance
- A small improvement in classes design
- Now, when you have a canine lube and Ralf in your bedroom (in Family Bitch mode), a Ralf may try to take advantage of you when you are playing with a dog-shaped dildo orally (a 25% chance)
- Now, all masturbate (via Laptop) paragraphs are collected in one place - Masturbate Sections. Players won't see the changes, but it saves a lot of place in the editor
- Also, I added a new section to the Laptop porn - Milfs. There are 8 new gifs

---
## [EnderElectrics/rush-3d-project](https://github.com/EnderElectrics/rush-3d-project)@[3c23c98c12...](https://github.com/EnderElectrics/rush-3d-project/commit/3c23c98c1210bbfcd86427581f67a4078c71afd1)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 21:00:31 by EnderElectrics

DRIFTING IMPLEMENTED

+ Drifting now has a Sound Effect. (though it's kinda terribly coded)

+ Drifting now changes the turning speed so yeah it basically functions.

+ New ugly dust effects.

- Animations when switching from one side to another kinda wonky.

- New dust is ugly.

---
## [tekknolagi/pyodbc](https://github.com/tekknolagi/pyodbc)@[c296060de2...](https://github.com/tekknolagi/pyodbc/commit/c296060de2b68c587c2e6ac9ad4ca734581c661d)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 21:12:08 by Michael Kleehammer

Rewrite Unicode handling for correctness and flexibility.

Reading and writing text now uses Python codecs which can be configured via the
new cnxn.setencoding and cnxn.setdecoding.  This is more complicated than simply
setting `cnxn.encoding = 'utf-16le'` but I've seen lots of weird combinations
that need to be handled more precisely.

This adds:

* connect(..., encoding=None)
* Connection.setencoding
* Connection.setdecoding

I'm not terribly happy with the API and would love some suggestions.  Perhaps we
should configure a "factory" with all of the settings that should be applied to
new connections?

I've also copied the docs from a separate branch into /docs which GitHub can
publish now.  I'm not sure how I want to handle documentation - there is a lot
of good information in the Wiki and I'm tempted to have minimal docs and cleanup
the Wiki.

---
## [Abhinav30061998/Abhinav30061998](https://github.com/Abhinav30061998/Abhinav30061998)@[6bb2e7cb36...](https://github.com/Abhinav30061998/Abhinav30061998/commit/6bb2e7cb36d29b89b17bbd6448af41c5bde6a176)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 21:34:58 by Abhinav Thanippadath

Add files via upload

INDIA Is An Agricultural Country. As An Indian , My First Concern Is Always Supportive To Agriculture.
I Don't Know Much Metropolitan's People CONCERN ABOUT AGRICULTURE .
I Don't Know , How Many Of You Know That ,

LAND + SEED + FARMING + WATER + CARE + TIME + FARMER LIFE = FOOD

So, For A Minute Atleast ,Come Lets Make A Look At Those, REAL HERO's Real Time Data Visualization.

Here I'm Using Tableau As Visualization Tool.

Let's Talk About , Agriculture Crops Of INDIA.

Through The Entire Data Visualization ,We Can Understand One Think ,That is Indian Farming Lands Now A Days , Mostly Cultivating Cash Crops Rather Than Food Crops. But Years Back Indian Farming Lands Cultivates Food Crops Rather Than Cash Crops.
This Big Change Notify That, Farmer's Are Struggling Through Out The INDIA. Mainly Because Of Not Getting Sufficient Profit Through Agriculture.
And ONE OF THE IMPORTANT Think We Can Understand Through Data Visualization ,Is COST OF PRODUCTION For CROPS.
Cost Of Production For Each Crops Is High, And That High Expense Is Afford By Farmers.

Actually, I Dedicate This AGRICULTURE_CROPS VISUALIZATION For Our INDIAN's FARMERS.
And Make Aware In Between Corporate People.

---
## [fgsfdsfgs/quakepsx](https://github.com/fgsfdsfgs/quakepsx)@[e0a037bd69...](https://github.com/fgsfdsfgs/quakepsx/commit/e0a037bd69800ecdc017b3bdce559647e8c9058a)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 22:31:32 by fgsfds

fuck you gcc, these are the same type on this machine

---
## [Umtility/ossload](https://github.com/Umtility/ossload)@[fe70c69f1e...](https://github.com/Umtility/ossload/commit/fe70c69f1ecd7e3151a487c2dce30126aad5c4ed)
#### Tuesday 2021-07-06 23:14:08 by Vilaverde

Whichever one of you banned me, fuck off, eat shit, and go to hell while you're at it.

---

# [<](2021-07-05.md) 2021-07-06 [>](2021-07-07.md)

