# [<](2021-12-02.md) 2021-12-03 [>](2021-12-04.md)

3,254,311 events, 1,816,309 push events, 2,711,676 commit messages, 206,801,304 characters


## [zaataylor/poetry](https://github.com/zaataylor/poetry)@[1bd961a160...](https://github.com/zaataylor/poetry/commit/1bd961a160ff84ccdbb9ccc04a7d64778aed3bec)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 01:45:08 by Zachary A. Taylor

Add "soften"

This conveys a slightly dramatized version of my internal experience of softening internally since I moved to Charlotte. The moments I've spent by myself, and more importantly, my experiences with others, have made me realize how meaningful authentic connection (with others and oneself) truly is.

I think there are many layers of softening that can apply to a person's life, and I describe some of them in the poem: speech, walking style, breathing, muscular tension, and more abstractly, the notion of the boundaries between (i) oneself and one's ideas of themselves and (ii) oneself and others. I liken a person who hasn't softened to a string instrument that is wound up tightly unbeknownst to themselves -- until, that is, something wiggles those strings a bit loose. In my case, one of these "loosening" experiences came from a remarkable interaction I had with a woman at the Farmer's Market.

This woman had a booth at the market that sold peaches and blackberries, among other things. I saw the peaches and was instantly hooked, but I realized I didn't have cash, which was the only type of payment she accepted. Somewhat disappointed, I started to walk away when, to my surprised the woman asked if I wanted to buy some peaches. I explained that I did, but didn't have any cash to pay with. To my complete surprise, the woman told me not to worry about it: I could take the peaches now, and just pay her later on. I was very confused by this, and I hesitated for a long time trying to figure out if I was in a dream or not. I thought, "What kind of seller at a farmer's market of all places trusts someone to walk off with their hard-won produce?". Still, I eventually came around to the idea and told her that I would bring her the money as soon as I had the opportunity. I took the peaches. A bit later, I found an ATM in a different part of the market that I hadn't noticed previously (this was my first time visiting the market). Anyways, feeling a mix of guilt(?)/the pressure of conscientiousness/the desire to make things right, I immediately withdrew cash from the ATM and walked back to her booth. When the customer who was in front of me moved along, and she saw me again, she gave me the sweetest, most tender and intimate look I've seen from another human being in a long time. Then she said, with an almost inhuman character of gentleness, "You didn't have to do that. I knew you would come back. Sometimes, you have to trust people."

It has been months since then, but I still feel like it was just yesterday when I recall how that last sentence of hers made me feel. It was as if something deep inside me, something non-physical, just...softened. Eased. It was like an internal tightness that I didn't even know about just, well, went away. I felt so light, radiant, and at peace when I left the market. I wish that woman knew how big of an impact her words and actions had on me.

---
## [jonasfrey/assembler_projects](https://github.com/jonasfrey/assembler_projects)@[e1c9d2ae68...](https://github.com/jonasfrey/assembler_projects/commit/e1c9d2ae68ea0527c1fe471741e45eeb76046367)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 02:00:40 by jf18j492

 holy shit this took me fcking long, for such an ugly solution !... shame on me:(

---
## [nera789/Sebastian](https://github.com/nera789/Sebastian)@[54de6b2b63...](https://github.com/nera789/Sebastian/commit/54de6b2b637980f036644048360a98a97adaf7c6)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 02:08:55 by nera789

README.md

Here should be all the information you need to use and install Seb!

If you're here, you might already know a little about ghosts but if you don't, that's okay too! 
Ghosts, or ukagakas, are characters that you can chat with and some have particular functions they can perform for you. But Seb is mostly to keep you company! 

Seb is a well loved original character from an original universe of my own making that I've had for many years now. If you've gotten this far, you might have stumbled across the fact that Sebastian is a demon-- though in maybe somewhat unconventional terms. I'll let him explain the more you get to know him.

CONTENT WARNING: Sebastian's past contains a lot of heavy themes and subjects such as death, grief, guilt, hell/religion, and psychological/physical torment. Please be warned if you are sensitive to these topics. Despite his situation, he is generally a very lighthearted person-- but his past and his status weighs on him heavily so it will likely bleed into his conversations with you. I should add that Sebastian is actually the main character of a bigger world that I've crafted with other in-universe demons, angels, and humans-- so if you ever hear some names, hopefully you'll be able to follow along haha. Either way, I hope you like him!

As it stands, Seb has some simple menu options-- I hope to add onto it the more I learn!
I ----HIIIGHLY---- suggest right clicking on Sebastian, going to Shell Scaling, and bring him down to 50% (or whatever your preference is). This will make him much less obnoxiously large on your screen XD
If his balloon is too small, right click - Options - Ghost preferences - Uncheck "balloon scaling linkage".


Huge shout out to Zarla-s for writing the template and walkthrough! Sebastian never would have been made had Zarla not introduced me to ghosts or gave me the tools to make him. You can find her stuff and the walkthrough should you want to make a ghost of your own at the top of the right click menu!
You can also find my links at the top of the right click SSP menu.
Special thanks to the members of the Ukagaka Dream Team Discord server as well! A community of amazing people who have really helped to make my ghosts shine, I can't thank them enough for all their help.
Lastly, thank you to the roleplayers anonymouse discord server and the community it started from! Gosh. I've been with you guys for 10+ years now, and whether you know it or not, Sebastian (and my other characters!) would not be who they are today, would not nearly have the depth or polish that they have without you guys.


------


If you've not used a ghost before, here are some things to know (If you have ssp already, you can skip this step!):

	You will need the baseware program SSP, which as far as I'm aware is compatible with pretty much any version of Windows more current than XP. If you are using Mac and Linux however, you might have a bit of a challenge. I know some people have gotten it to work however. You might have some luck with Winebottler, PlayonMac+SSP (10.6 or above), Ukagaka on Macs, or NiseRingo on Macs. NINIX/NINIX-AYA might work with Linux, but I've not personally tested these.

	Here is the link to the official SSP website: http://ssp.shillest.net/

	The site is in Japanese, but as long as you click the "complete install package" download button you're good to go. I know some people's computers mis-flag it as a suspicious download, but it is a trustworthy site. If you're concerned like I know some have been, here is a good resource to look at on the topic with members of the community who have used the program for many years: https://ukagakadreamteam.tumblr.com/post/666503932994027520/hey-there-ive-heard-of-ghosts-now-and-then-but

	Once you have SSP downloaded somewhere, install it and run ssp.exe, it should have a little pink bell icon. 

	SSP's default ghost is a catgirl named Emily who should open when you run the program and talk to you in Japanese. You can pretty much ignore everything she says for our purposes unless you have any interest in her, but otherwise read on. You can press CTRL to speed up her dialog.

	Right-click Emily and it should bring up her SSP menu. If you can think of your ghost's menus like the actual game you play, think of the SSP menu a little like the game launcher that you load it from. If the SSP menu is not in English, go to the fourth option from the bottom, set it to English, then close Emily and reopen her. The SSP menu should switch to English, but Emily is only available in Japanese.

	Download the seb_demoncowboy.nar file and the crow_modoki.zip files. The .nar is the actual ghost, and the crow_modoki.zip is the balloon Seb uses to talk. Drag and drop the .zip file onto Emily first and she'll install the balloon, which is best to do first. Seb should boot up with it this way.
	Drag and drop Seb's .nar file onto Emily and she'll install him.
	Right click Emily again and go down to "Change Ghost". Switch over to Seb and you should be set! If his balloon didn't boot with him, you can go to the right-click SSP menu, go down to crow_modoki and switch him to that. 


Seb can do basic Ghost functions, such as...

-Open SSP's calendar
-Check your email (if you set your POP settings properly)
-Emptying your recycle bin
-Show your system information

How to use Seb:

-Double click on his body to open his menu.
-You can "pet" him by moving your cursor over his hair (without clicking), or you can punch him by double clicking his face. 
-Right click anywhere on him to bring up the SSP menu-- which you can use to change ghosts, call more ghosts, etc.
-Press T while he's in focus to make him say something.
-Press R to have him repeat the last line of dialogue.
-Hold Ctrl to make dialogue go by faster
-Click and hold to move him around to a better spot on your desktop
-Press Ctrl/Shift F12 to bring him back if he's disappeared from your screen.
-If you want him to stay on top of your windows, right click him and go to Options>Preferences, go to the Ghost(2) tab, and tick the box that says 'Always Show Foreground' near the top
-If he gets minimized, double click the hooked horseshoe icon in your system tray.



Please let me know if you run into any bugs, typos, or have any feedback. I will try to see what I can do to fix it, though I'm still quite green at this ghost making thing haha!

---
## [Evanlyboy/hansen_evan_ECS_FIP_Dec2021](https://github.com/Evanlyboy/hansen_evan_ECS_FIP_Dec2021)@[9366ad3d45...](https://github.com/Evanlyboy/hansen_evan_ECS_FIP_Dec2021/commit/9366ad3d4595b8d4f319179693955dd14658dfda)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 02:43:57 by Evan

Holy shit that was a fuckin' bitch and a half. Hero image FINALLY done goddamn

---
## [pfgithub/advent-of-code](https://github.com/pfgithub/advent-of-code)@[187c5caa09...](https://github.com/pfgithub/advent-of-code/commit/187c5caa09b2ed523a04a1d4679f8f41d1b86511)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 05:24:05 by pfg

wow I messed up on part 2 twice
- first was trying to do something completely different
- second time for some reason stored indexes and also didn't realise you had to loop seperately for each thing like when it said "keep n". indexes are annoying to work with
- got it finally that was infuriating. after the first mistake I consigned myself to not being on the leaderboard and took it slower but I still made that second mistake. part 1 was fine I think. if I wanted to I might have been able to prompt copilot and gotten it a bit faster if I thought about it
- accidentally wrote into day2.2 for part 2 so I spent a few seconds wondering why my practice worked but real was NaNs until I printed
- damn .dwth(log) is amazing. can't believe I could survive without this last year

---
## [Tristan-H11/AdventOfCode21](https://github.com/Tristan-H11/AdventOfCode21)@[a30a20cd1e...](https://github.com/Tristan-H11/AdventOfCode21/commit/a30a20cd1e8277718f863056e1fdbd376ae46edc)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 08:36:27 by Tristan

Day3 Scala:I don't know what the fuck I've done. I don't want to know what the fuck I've done. I want to die and never have a glimpse on this piece of part2 bullshit again

---
## [ujtcelvn/Ending_Extension_Mod](https://github.com/ujtcelvn/Ending_Extension_Mod)@[2c210e75dc...](https://github.com/ujtcelvn/Ending_Extension_Mod/commit/2c210e75dc88b7fe96babea5357e853c23d76962)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 10:16:19 by ujtcelvn

v0.5.2

opium base production increased to 1, price reduced back to 3
serf other good consumption increased to balance opium price
farmers and craftsmen and labourers no longer want opium
soldiers everyday and luxury opium adjusted to 0.1
officers everyday and luxury opium adjusted to 0.15
artisans opium want increased to 5, aeroplane and telephone want reduced to balance it out
clerks and bureaucrats no longer want opium
intellectuals opium want increased to 2
capitalists opium want decreased to 0.2
aristocrats opium want decreased to 0.5
if province that switched to opium is unciv, it gets local_opium_habit for 5 years
Dail flips to opium not in 1860 but in 1880, Jiading no longer flips to opium
1258 Gauhati (Assam) no longer flips to opium, Assam consumed lots of opium, not produced it
Fixed reference to Galapagos when I meant Salalah in the opium flip events
Opium ban thresholds made easier, tech needed changed from social_alienation to mass_politics, ending the opium ban now depends on pro_atheism, now reduces luxury needs for everyone
banning opium immediately local ban on all opium provinces, switch away from opium unemployment threshold changed from 0.05 to 0.20
local opium ban mtth adjusted
added an opium addiction event for civs
Oman and Yemen grow Khat, a stimulant like tobacco, not Opium https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Khat
	1166	Muscat	tobacco
	1170	Nizwa	tobacco
	1173	Mukalla	tobacco
	1174	Salalah	tobacco
	1175	Ghayda	tobacco

Made AI China research event slower
Yuan Shikai also needs to own Beijing to become emperor
Red Turban fascist flag changed from the 18 star iron blood flag to the Black Flag Army flag
Red Turbans no longer start with autocracy, instead they start with nv_tradition like other uncivs
Miao starts with nanfaren accepted and first_past_the_post
Abolish forced work now needs at least 90% civilization progress and no longer tries to trigger missing event 6016804
QNG conservative party 3 to be pro military instead of anti
Removed juye incident events because they are already covered by the generic westerners killed events

If you're a gp, when you get a treaty port you can demand the area around it to become a tag that is an unreleasable vassal/substate of China, but in the sphere of whoever got the treaty port, this way treaty ports actually offer you access to cheap goods instead of just milking China personally for money.
trade zones can be expanded around 1860, (after Taiping rebellion, 2nd opium war)
trade zones can be expanded again around 1895 (boxer rebellion)
if the trade zone no longer touches its China (QNG, RTR, CHI, TPG) overlord, the trade zone becomes the puppet of the China that touches it instead
The trade zone gets absorbed if: westernized neighboring east asian country OR treaty port is owned by an east asian OR trade zone is not in a sphere
the dragon wakes event automatically annexes vassal trade zones
if trade zone is independent and civilized, it turns into its relevant clique
    East and West Shantung -> CHI Zhili Clique
    North and South Kiangsu, South Anhwei, Chekiang -> HUI Anhui Clique
    East and West Kwangtung -> GNG
Trade zones can NOT use the chinese reunification cb, but the cb can be used against them
Trade zones and KMT can no longer be released by the vassal sphere coup decision
Chinese substate tech now sharing works on trade zones (there is no release_substate or create_substate command so all trade zones are vassals, not substates)
TPG/RTR victory event: can choose to puppet existing trade zones or reject unequal treaties, letting the trade zones remain independent but unable to expand, but GPs with a treaty port get a free treaty port cb
boxers, if successful, can reabsorb the trade zones and prevent new ones from forming, and gives the modifier reactionary_demands for 1 year
If China loses a treaty port war or the Boxer rebellion intervention war, tore_up_unequal_treaties flag is cleared and treaty ports can expand again
Boxer rebellion intervention war, if won, lets the attacker get a treaty port
china_trade_zone event pic
common/countries.txt, gfx/flags/, common/countries/,  history/countries/, localization/EEM_countries.csv
    TZ1 - East Shantung
    TZ2 - West Shantung
    TZ3 - North Kiangsu #Not actually used, Nantong is not a treaty port
    TZ4 - Kiangsu
    TZ5 - Anhwei
    TZ6 - Chekiang
    TZ7 - Kwangtung
    TZ8 - Kochow
Event 90905 Foreigner Attacked more likely if China has rebel occupied provinces, so the AI is more likely to get treaty ports
Reduced infamy from pope condemning Taiping, and made AI more likely to do it, reworded flavor text
Made chinese rebels in QNG more likely to be nationalists and pan nationalists, less likely to be reactionary
independence_rebels now have unit_transfer, so they stay and fight their old overlord for freeeedom instead of just returning home and leaving the old vassal without an army

hydrodesulphurization_plant base production reduced from 6 to 5.5
1495 Maoming fish -> fruit
491 Ciudad Real grain -> sulphur Almadén cinnabar mine
1507 Zhenyuan -> renamed to Tongren (Chinese cinnabar)

4 new provinces
    Bihar:
        1247 Patna split into Patna and 3323 Muzaffapur
    California:
        3324 Santa Clara New Almaden cinnabar mine split from  84 Sacramento
    Guizhou:
       bottom half of Zhenyuan and 1505 Guiyang -> 3325 Qiannan
    Guangxi:
        3326 Qinzhou:    Guangxi Coast split off, give GNG cores (Fangchenggang, Qinzhou, Beihai)

Ranchos in California: can only be activated at peace, no longer needs Romanticism, extended from 5 years to 10 years long, also affects Santa Clara

Democratic peace theory is bullshit, removed its infamy reduction and its diplomatic point reduction https://policytensor.com/2014/09/16/the-mother-of-all-foreign-policy-myths-that-refuse-to-lie-down-and-die/
geneva convention no longer increases infamy, instead it reduces cb generation speed by 0.1
Fixed a bunch of bugs in war crimes event and China events
Adjust chance of warlords defecting
Fix bug that made strategic bombing deal too much damage
fixed tech localization typo
increased AI research of naval science techs
tax refund threshold adjusted to >$6 million and only active if not at war
Split Dinka and Nuer back up

---
## [space-wizards/RobustToolbox](https://github.com/space-wizards/RobustToolbox)@[f8b2412855...](https://github.com/space-wizards/RobustToolbox/commit/f8b24128558aa246559d0658a5aa8b4ae30a9f69)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 12:07:32 by Vera Aguilera Puerto

holy fucking shit, fuck exception tolerance only being in RELEASE

---
## [noah-nuebling/mac-mouse-fix](https://github.com/noah-nuebling/mac-mouse-fix)@[18b6edd374...](https://github.com/noah-nuebling/mac-mouse-fix/commit/18b6edd374cd57c36a9ebe282c973a8d32334c94)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 12:21:50 by Noah Nuebling

Bunch of bugfixes and refinements to scrolling

Next things to do I can think of for version 3 (/ version X):

- Implement fast scroll and precision scroll
- Prevent user from inputting scrolls without any modifiers in addMode

- Fix issue where momentum scroll following twoFingerSwipe modifiedDrag is sometimes wayyyy too large
	- Idea: (Not sure what causes it) Drive drag deltas through a displayLink to coalesce events before passing them on to scroll event generator so that the time between events that the scroll generator receives is consistent. (This doesn't seem to be an issue when driving the scroll events through the scroll wheel animator, which does use a displayLink)
- Fix issue where not the whole twoFingerSwipe modifiedDrag is executed (when the system is under a lot of load and the modifiedDrag takes a while) because it's prematurely canceled when releasing the button that is the modificationPrecondition.
	- Could probably fix by having a queue that ensures to process the mouseMoved and buttonLifeted events in the right order

- Build the UI for version 3 based on the mock UI project (which is already pretty great)

I've also thought about monetization some more:

- I want to test my "it's $5 but you are free to pay nothing" model on v2 first, before adding ALL of the interesting features. That way, if that approach doesn't work, I can still say "It's $5 with a paywall now and here are some new features that intice you to pay that"

- I looked into different payment providers and Paddle is the way to go even if the UX isn't that great. Because it deals with taxes and licensing for you. Taxes would seemingly be a huge hassle otherwise.

For the nice approach that I'll build into v2 I have these thoughts

- I'll probably want to present the core message "It's $5 (but it's also totally fine if you use it for free)" under the download button on the website
- When the user opens the app, I don't want to mention anything about pricing or trial versions or anything. It's not important at that point and just annoying and would taint the experience
- On the about page there should be a buy now button. I have thought of these considerations
	- We absolutely want to minimize friction. As few clicks to buy as possible.
	- The UI should indicate price and maybe that it supports Apple pay / paypal
	- There should be a little info "i" button next to the buy button that shows a popup that says what the pricing model is, and why you should pay and that I'd appreciate it.
	- I was thinking of an App Store - like blue button with round sides that says "$5" or "$5 Buy Mac Mouse Fix" or "Buy" or sth.
	- We want to count the days that the user has been actively using Mac Mouse Fix and after 7 or 14 days or so we wan to present a little popup / notification. In the top right of the screen. Reminiscent of native notifications. It should say "Hey, you've been using MMF for 2 weeks now. I hope you're enjoying it!. Do you want to suport development by buying it for $5? Thanks!" And then there should be buttons "Don't ask again" "Remind me later" and thhe blue buy button from the about menu (and maybe a little x in the corner)
		- The notitcation should appear again after 14 days if you just dismiss it, but not after that except if the user chose "Remind me later"
		- The norification should be subdued and not annoying but still pretty and legit looking. It's easy to make it feel intrusive.
		- We don't want a popup while the user is trying to use the MMF UI, because that's annoying and because MMF is designed to be set up once and then forgotten about. So the notificatios are a really good solution imo
	- We probably wan to remove the "Buy me a Milkshake! :)" button because it's weird and redundant

Then we'd update the website and release v2 and then do a little but of promo

Then we'd analyze if we're happy with the conversion rates (How many ppl bought it vs downloaded it), and if not, we'd build new paywall monetization into v3. Here are some considerations I came up with:

- We woudln't want to auto-update from v2. Instead promote it with a "notification" and a big custom update-popup in the app, which says "MMF X is now out! It makes your Mouse just as powerful as a trackpad!! It's only $5! But you can use it free for 30 days (only days where you actually use it will count)"
	- If the user accidentally auto updates from the free version to sth that is just a trial, that's gonna frustrate them. Ask the user to go to the website to download. Make the distinction very clear (hence maybe calliong it version X instead of version 3)
- On the website under the download button, make it say "$5 (But 30 free days of use)"
- On the about screen make it display the "days left" by the buy button
- Update the info text by the buy button
- Update the buy-encouragement notifications (but only slightly, no need to mention trial or days left, I think)
- Create appropriate behaviour if trial ended
	- All mouse enhancing should stop
	- Trial ended "notification"
		- Info text
		- Buy now button
		- ? Remind me later
		- ? Ability to open MMF app by clicking on it or sth
	- In main app
		- Overlay that says "Your trial is up, hope you liked it, here is the buy button"
		- You should be able to dismiss the overlay and navigate the app but not enable MMF
		- ? When you try to enable MMF the overlay shows up
		- ? Maybe there should be a little permanent banner in the app saying your trial is up. Probably not though? Just having it show up when trying to enable MMF should be enough
		- Should show "trial is up" next to buy button

That's all.

---
## [soumitradev/dwitter-go-api](https://github.com/soumitradev/dwitter-go-api)@[e7a2f94a1f...](https://github.com/soumitradev/dwitter-go-api/commit/e7a2f94a1f5dc48e79030c4221435069508a44c3)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 13:38:34 by Soumitra Shewale

Overhaul backend code and fix a shit ton of broken stuff

Holy shit I never knew working on a project for so long rots my brain this much. I made so many mistakes when I was writing my backend.

It feels like I was trying to avoid change by any means possible, and just going with what works, and not what has the most utility.

This commit took me 2 days of quitting everything else in my life and purely writing code. The last 2 days have been the most exhausting.

I'm gonna go play genshin and sleep early today. Maybe I shouldn't be up at 3AM writing a tree of nested if statements for every decision the API needs to make.

The worst part of this commit was that the code wasn't even fixed to work with the different way we handled redweets.

Everything was so broken and I expected the frontend devs to somehow make sense of the broken shit the API spit out.

This codebase was a nightmare, and now it's half a nightmare. It still needs a fuckton of work, but I have no idea how to fix this half-nightmare.

Frontend work is going smoothly though, which I'm happy about.

---
## [newstools/2021-iol-weekend-argus](https://github.com/newstools/2021-iol-weekend-argus)@[a249733e3d...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-iol-weekend-argus/commit/a249733e3d2835f3d7975a289c250ed74ce3846a)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 14:37:28 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.iol.co.za/weekend-argus/weekend-argus/news/state-calls-for-life-imprisonment-for-man-accused-of-murdering-his-daughter-and-estranged-girlfriend-4d0af6f7-49d7-4b72-9fdd-17025dcd8616]

---
## [IsaacWoods/commonplace](https://github.com/IsaacWoods/commonplace)@[46080a448a...](https://github.com/IsaacWoods/commonplace/commit/46080a448a54031483125b472032fe973bca631d)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 14:52:00 by Isaac Woods

Rewrite Dockerfile to actually work

God I hate Docker. Turns out our ad-hoc Rust dependency caching thing wasn't
actually building the real project at any point (probably because of timestamp
bullshit). Instead of fucking about with it any more, let's just use
cargo-chef, since that actually seems to work.

---
## [Smalltasty/yogstation](https://github.com/Smalltasty/yogstation)@[573219b9d9...](https://github.com/Smalltasty/yogstation/commit/573219b9d99df81bb7c5a64d5a00ef77f7b42859)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 16:40:45 by Kmc2000

Box ModCartomizerCig-a-likeDripTipCoilCloudsCloudchaserLungHitMechani… (#3100)

* Box ModCartomizerCig-a-likeDripTipCoilCloudsCloudchaserLungHitMechanicalModModMouthHitNicNo-NicPGResistanceRegulatedModTankOhm

* you can now buy vapes

* Vape hard

* fuck I burnt my coil

* Oops fuck I broke things as well as burning my coil lolooollo fuck i need a new coil with a subohm resistance yeah man did you know I vape by the way I really like to rip clouds :))))

---
## [clado/advent_of_code](https://github.com/clado/advent_of_code)@[9bfff70a19...](https://github.com/clado/advent_of_code/commit/9bfff70a19772bdfde8872a15ab4f9ce970f2dbf)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 18:47:12 by clado

[2021] day3 refactor

improvements to make shorter:
- learning how to read files better (I kind of didn't want to read
  the entire file at once, but you need to for part 2 anyway so
  whatever.)
- math secrets
- using dup instead of adding twice. (I knew this was silly at the
  time, but couldn't be bothered to google :P )
- trying to use meta programming instead of weird string shit (is
  that better?)

I wish I could somehow use unsigned bitwise not to get epsilon to
just be the opposite of gamma

still no comments in my code, because I am an evil holiday gremlin

---
## [ratpipedev/deplace](https://github.com/ratpipedev/deplace)@[4ce569c128...](https://github.com/ratpipedev/deplace/commit/4ce569c1287d36ada15340132e7030da7787f9b6)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 18:51:27 by ratpipe

FUCKING CORS POLICY, ANNOYING AS HELL, BUT USEFUL FOR SECURITY PURPOSES.

---
## [rgriege/Violet](https://github.com/rgriege/Violet)@[c7d619b2a1...](https://github.com/rgriege/Violet/commit/c7d619b2a1190ad4c2e9f7795ca978af33d64292)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 20:39:38 by Ryan Griege

Integrate SDL 2.0.18

This requires several hacks to work around new deficiencies in how SDL
handles resizable, borderless windows.  I'm not sure if this is due to
problems with SDL's implementation or if we were relying on un-intended
behavior.  Generally speaking this configuration is a shitshow, and we
should probably look to use a bordered window with custom non-client
drawing instead of what we're doing here.

I chose to proceed with the 2.0.5 -> 2.0.18 update because it fixes some
problems with multi-monitor support on Windows.  There's probably other
bug fixes and improvements, but that's the one we really want.

---
## [UntouchedOdin0/PrivateMinesOOP](https://github.com/UntouchedOdin0/PrivateMinesOOP)@[37ded179ae...](https://github.com/UntouchedOdin0/PrivateMinesOOP/commit/37ded179ae3ea5c7436608fdc5a9ddfa16b40402)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 22:27:38 by UntouchedOdin0

fuck you org.bukkit.World for causing a whole day worth of pain...

---
## [UntouchedOdin0/PrivateMinesOOP](https://github.com/UntouchedOdin0/PrivateMinesOOP)@[99e703ca04...](https://github.com/UntouchedOdin0/PrivateMinesOOP/commit/99e703ca04b04fa1c697cf10dd6efe3d2a7178c7)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 22:27:38 by UntouchedOdin0

remove the debug messages, fuck you md_5 for not making clearer error messages

---
## [CTSRD-CHERI/cheribsd](https://github.com/CTSRD-CHERI/cheribsd)@[9a2fac6ba6...](https://github.com/CTSRD-CHERI/cheribsd/commit/9a2fac6ba65fbd14d37ccedbc2aec27a190128ea)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 22:38:04 by Kirk McKusick

Fix handling of embedded symbolic links (and history lesson).

The original filesystem release (4.2BSD) had no embedded sysmlinks.
Historically symbolic links were just a different type of file, so
the content of the symbolic link was contained in a single disk block
fragment. We observed that most symbolic links were short enough that
they could fit in the area of the inode that normally holds the block
pointers. So we created embedded symlinks where the content of the
link was held in the inode's pointer area thus avoiding the need to
seek and read a data fragment and reducing the pressure on the block
cache. At the time we had only UFS1 with 32-bit block pointers,
so the test for a fastlink was:

	di_size < (NDADDR + NIADDR) * sizeof(daddr_t)

(where daddr_t would be ufs1_daddr_t today).

When embedded symlinks were added, a spare field in the superblock
with a known zero value became fs_maxsymlinklen. New filesystems
set this field to (NDADDR + NIADDR) * sizeof(daddr_t). Embedded
symlinks were assumed when di_size < fs->fs_maxsymlinklen. Thus
filesystems that preceeded this change always read from blocks
(since fs->fs_maxsymlinklen == 0) and newer ones used embedded
symlinks if they fit. Similarly symlinks created on pre-embedded
symlink filesystems always spill into blocks while newer ones will
embed if they fit.

At the same time that the embedded symbolic links were added, the
on-disk directory structure was changed splitting the former
u_int16_t d_namlen into u_int8_t d_type and u_int8_t d_namlen.
Thus fs_maxsymlinklen <= 0 (as used by the OFSFMT() macro) can
be used to distinguish old directory formats. In retrospect that
should have just been an added flag, but we did not realize we
needed to know about that change until it was already in production.

Code was split into ufs/ffs so that the log structured filesystem could
use ufs functionality while doing its own disk layout. This meant
that no ffs superblock fields could be used in the ufs code. Thus
ffs superblock fields that were needed in ufs code had to be copied
to fields in the mount structure. Since ufs_readlink needed to know
if a link was embedded, fs_maxlinklen gets copied to mnt_maxsymlinklen.

The kernel panic that arose to making this fix was triggered when a
disk error created an inode of type symlink with no allocated data
blocks but a large size. When readlink was called the uiomove was
attempted which segment faulted.

static int
ufs_readlink(ap)
	struct vop_readlink_args /* {
		struct vnode *a_vp;
		struct uio *a_uio;
		struct ucred *a_cred;
	} */ *ap;
{
	struct vnode *vp = ap->a_vp;
	struct inode *ip = VTOI(vp);
	doff_t isize;

	isize = ip->i_size;
	if ((isize < vp->v_mount->mnt_maxsymlinklen) ||
	    DIP(ip, i_blocks) == 0) { /* XXX - for old fastlink support */
		return (uiomove(SHORTLINK(ip), isize, ap->a_uio));
	}
	return (VOP_READ(vp, ap->a_uio, 0, ap->a_cred));
}

The second part of the "if" statement that adds

	DIP(ip, i_blocks) == 0) { /* XXX - for old fastlink support */

is problematic. It never appeared in BSD released by Berkeley because
as noted above mnt_maxsymlinklen is 0 for old format filesystems, so
will always fall through to the VOP_READ as it should. I had to dig
back through `git blame' to find that Rodney Grimes added it as
part of ``The big 4.4BSD Lite to FreeBSD 2.0.0 (Development) patch.''
He must have brought it across from an earlier FreeBSD. Unfortunately
the source-control logs for FreeBSD up to the merger with the
AT&T-blessed 4.4BSD-Lite conversion were destroyed as part of the
agreement to let FreeBSD remain unencumbered, so I cannot pin-point
where that line got added on the FreeBSD side.

The one change needed here is that mnt_maxsymlinklen is declared as
an `int' and should be changed to be `u_int64_t'.

This discovery led us to check out the code that deletes symbolic
links. Specifically

	if (vp->v_type == VLNK &&
	    (ip->i_size < vp->v_mount->mnt_maxsymlinklen ||
	     datablocks == 0)) {
		if (length != 0)
			panic("ffs_truncate: partial truncate of symlink");
		bzero(SHORTLINK(ip), (u_int)ip->i_size);
		ip->i_size = 0;
		DIP_SET(ip, i_size, 0);
		UFS_INODE_SET_FLAG(ip, IN_SIZEMOD | IN_CHANGE | IN_UPDATE);
		if (needextclean)
			goto extclean;
		return (ffs_update(vp, waitforupdate));
	}

Here too our broken symlink inode with no data blocks allocated
and a large size will segment fault as we are incorrectly using the
test that we have no data blocks to decide that it is an embdedded
symbolic link and attempting to bzero past the end of the inode.
The test for datablocks == 0 is unnecessary as the test for
ip->i_size < vp->v_mount->mnt_maxsymlinklen will do the right
thing in all cases.

The test for datablocks == 0 was added by David Greenman in this commit:

Author: David Greenman <dg@FreeBSD.org>
Date:   Tue Aug 2 13:51:05 1994 +0000

    Completed (hopefully) the kernel support for old style "fastlinks".

    Notes:
	svn path=/head/; revision=1821

I am guessing that he likely earlier added the incorrect test in the
ufs_readlink code.

I asked David if he had any recollection of why he made this change.
Amazingly, he still had a recollection of why he had made a one-line
change more than twenty years ago. And unsurpisingly it was because
he had been stuck between a rock and a hard place.

FreeBSD was up to 1.1.5 before the switch to the 4.4BSD-Lite code
base. Prior to that, there were three years of development in all
areas of the kernel, including the filesystem code, from the combined
set of people including Bill Jolitz, Patchkit contributors, and
FreeBSD Project members. The compatibility issue at hand was caused
by the FASTLINKS patches from Curt Mayer. In merging in the 4.4BSD-Lite
changes David had to find a way to provide compatibility with both
the changes that had been made in FreeBSD 1.1.5 and with 4.4BSD-Lite.
He felt that these changes would provide compatibility with both systems.

In his words:
``My recollection is that the 'FASTLINKS' symlinks support in
FreeBSD-1.x, as implemented by Curt Mayer, worked differently than
4.4BSD. He used a spare field in the inode to duplicately store the
length. When the 4.4BSD-Lite merge was done, the optimized symlinks
support for existing filesystems (those that were initialized in
FreeBSD-1.x) were broken due to the FFS on-disk structure of
4.4BSD-Lite differing from FreeBSD-1.x. My commit was needed to
restore the backward compatibility with FreeBSD-1.x filesystems.
I think it was the best that could be done in the somewhat urgent
circumstances of the post Berkeley-USL settlement. Also, regarding
Rod's massive commit with little explanation, some context: John
Dyson and I did the initial re-port of the 4.4BSD-Lite kernel to
the 386 platform in just 10 days. It was by far the most intense
hacking effort of my life. In addition to the porting of tons of
FreeBSD-1 code, I think we wrote more than 30,000 lines of new code
in that time to deal with the missing pieces and architectural
changes of 4.4BSD-Lite. We didn't make many notes along the way.
There was a lot of pressure to get something out to the rest of the
developer community as fast as possible, so detailed discrete commits
didn't happen - it all came as a giant wad, which is why Rod's
commit message was worded the way it was.''

Reported by:  Chuck Silvers
Tested by:    Chuck Silvers
History by:   David Greenman Lawrence
MFC after:    1 week
Sponsored by: Netflix

---
## [fdschonborn/advent-of-code](https://github.com/fdschonborn/advent-of-code)@[645123ae68...](https://github.com/fdschonborn/advent-of-code/commit/645123ae68c66493955e3d8ca54f779c4c01d717)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 22:48:18 by Federico Damián Schonborn

Day 3 Part 1

This is cursed. I should learn about bit shifting and shit for fuck's sake.

Signed-off-by: Federico Damián Schonborn <fdschonborn@gmail.com>

---
## [toddhodes/AnimationThrowdown](https://github.com/toddhodes/AnimationThrowdown)@[2113e20628...](https://github.com/toddhodes/AnimationThrowdown/commit/2113e20628cb085e18d6426767db0823d51ec0dc)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 23:07:44 by Todd Hodes

fuck this game, i need more chars

fucking melee shit fuck me, wasted tens of thousands of
dollars recycling chars i needed.  fuck.

toy
+   2 L Alien Squish Toy: 6**
+   1 L Boppo the Clown: 6**

+   2 L Robo Tina: 6**
+   8 L Zapp Figurines: 6**

end rich, totally ignored that shit fuck you
+   1 L Whack-A-Toe: 6**

+   1 L House Hunting Tours: 6**

3 | Rich Bobby

---
## [jonmervine/katas](https://github.com/jonmervine/katas)@[fd1b0a11dd...](https://github.com/jonmervine/katas/commit/fd1b0a11ddba8a56c18d528acdb138654cc88339)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 23:50:50 by Jonathan Mervine

Day3 kicked my ass. Fuck dealing with binary and converting between arrays and strings and ints. annoying. But i completed it and got it working so thats all that matters.

There was also some stuff intellij did to update the Pom to make it more kotlin friendly

---
## [Luligabi1/DeepMobLearning-Refabricated](https://github.com/Luligabi1/DeepMobLearning-Refabricated)@[2b3c69aa26...](https://github.com/Luligabi1/DeepMobLearning-Refabricated/commit/2b3c69aa26354bd390e19b64d077628580777f5f)
#### Friday 2021-12-03 23:59:18 by Luligabi1

You know what? FUCK YOU. *Unmodularizes your modularized mod*

---

# [<](2021-12-02.md) 2021-12-03 [>](2021-12-04.md)

