# [<](2021-06-20.md) 2021-06-21 [>](2021-06-22.md)

3,151,484 events, 1,536,843 push events, 2,487,528 commit messages, 185,395,219 characters


## [sharpiestealr/bi-lighting](https://github.com/sharpiestealr/bi-lighting)@[5fc5e44ce5...](https://github.com/sharpiestealr/bi-lighting/commit/5fc5e44ce53b1ff5b6a5fd0043ec0a6d925b47e1)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 02:41:48 by sharpiestealr

VICTINI FOUND BALD AND FLOPPED

bruh how tf did i name my string the same thing i named my int vector wtf

i'm so fucking stupid holy shit CANCELLED

---
## [jspc-bots/cron](https://github.com/jspc-bots/cron)@[f0fbd13b1e...](https://github.com/jspc-bots/cron/commit/f0fbd13b1e5aa31f5ad4f3ea1b191fd7e06956b6)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 08:04:18 by jspc

Revert "Do a big ol' banner every morning"

This was a half-cut commit. What was I even thinking? It's shit.

It's a total hack, too- it doesn't even show up in the commands list-
I even had to hack around displaying commands because it was so ill
thought out.

Instead, I've created a noddy little bot that prints an MOTD. Same
effect, and without compromising this project with a hidden command.

This reverts commit 29a3bfcbecc99a2ad3137bc6cf1d0ef079c26f72.

---
## [Deek/CoCoC](https://github.com/Deek/CoCoC)@[6c1de38a50...](https://github.com/Deek/CoCoC/commit/6c1de38a5064d7b73641c877e2f10133b04225f6)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 08:17:04 by Jeff Teunissen

CPP: use all memory

I finally found a program that tested the limits of (d)cpp -- UltiMusE 3.
And boy, did it! I was able to get it working by adding a bunch of memory
pages to the initial reservation (for stack space), but that would cause
an unacceptable level of wasted stack space in the general case, meaning
fewer macros available to programmers, and I don't want that. I want to be
able to use as much stack as I need, _or_ use as many macros as I want.

It seemed like the OS-9 C architecture was conspiring to keep me from being
able to supply the best of both worlds, until I found ibrk().

In Unix (and OS-9) C the low-level memory allocator that forms the basis
for malloc() is sbrk() (short for "set break" which makes sense on old Unix
but nowhere else).

On OS-9, calling sbrk() with a positive number means you are asking for a
pointer to a memory location, and possibly requesting "new-to-you" memory
to be added to your process space. Once you run out of free space, sbrk()
fails and you don't get more memory. Meanwhile, your initial memory
allocation is used for your stack and pretty much _only_ your stack. Adding
more memory using the shell's #nnK stuff doesn't give C programs more
memory, it actually takes memory away from sbrk (and thus malloc), making
your program harder to run.

HOWEVER... ibrk() is able to come to the rescue. ibrk() works just like
sbrk(), only instead of requesting more memory from OS-9, it just doles
out pointers from within the initial allocation. This can suck too, because
you're passing out pointers to the same region of memory your stack comes
from, and that's usually pretty small, so it's not unlikely that you're
shooting yourself in the foot...

...unless you just ask for All The RAM in your initial allocation. So,
let's do that. We're using ibrk() to get our memory, and making the linker
give (d)cpp 40K of initial memory, shared between stack (which grows from
the top of memory) and heap (which grows from the bottom of memory). If
they meet, there will be a big boom, so try not to use lots and lots of
defines in very large programs?

Also, #ifdef out the odd-size memory request block -- it should only affect
word-addressed machines.

---
## [muhammaddzaky/14](https://github.com/muhammaddzaky/14)@[62586ac7cc...](https://github.com/muhammaddzaky/14/commit/62586ac7cc22ebd313f9eff5bd194393f8b9fcb9)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 08:27:59 by 艺术杰基

Hello

:octocat: Hi there! Thanks for visiting!
This is my personal configuration for my favorite openbox window manager and some applications too.I hope you understand everything here. 😉
Here are some details about my setup

Window Manager • Openbox 🎨 4 changable mode!
Shell • Zsh 🐚 with oh my zsh framework! optional
Terminal • URxvt, Termite available
Openbox Menu • OBmenu-generator
Panel • Tint2 🍧 material icon font!
Compositor • Picom 🍩 rounded corners!
Notify Daemon • Dunst 🍃 minimalism!
Application Launcher • Rofi 🚀 blazing fast!
File Manager • Thunar 🔖 customized sidebar & icon!
Music Player • Mpd + Ncmpcpp, Spotify 🎑 riced!
GUI & CLI IDE/Text Editor • Geany, Neovim
🎁 Changelogs
normal
v3.0
v3.1
v3.2 latest
🌸 Setup
This is step-by-step how to install these .files for automatic setup OpenboxWM custom environment.

Introduction of Linux Rice
Please read this and/or this.
Installation (dependencies)
Customize your choice about dependencies below, this is my complete setup as I use single OS, single OpenboxWM with my preference utility application. In fact, what is in the column is a minimal recommendation.

Detailed environment
Please refer to wiki/Detailed-Environment.

Warning!
This configuration is highly dependent to bash, sed, and coreutils.
Assume that you are using sudo or doas. Installation feels like LFS? 😆

Attention!

Rofi must be above version 1.6.x, so for Debian-based you may need to compile manually from source. - issue
If your Linux distribution repository only contains pure rxvt-unicode without patch for wide unicode and others, an example is on Arch Linux which provides pure rxvt-unicode and rxvt-unicode-patched version in the AUR repository. The problem is that the urxvt in the AUR hasn't been updated yet, and the link for the urxvt source-code for that version has been removed from the original link. Therefore, use rxvt-unicode from the main repo of each linux distribution that you use. Debian is different (already patched). - issue
You may want to use polkit-gnome instead of lxsession / lxpolkit. Because, currently the lxsession in Gentoo/Linux is really bad (dependency hell).
Debian & Ubuntu (and all based distributions)
sudo apt install rsync python psmisc x11-utils imagemagick ffmpeg wireless-tools openbox pulseaudio
alsa-utils brightnessctl nitrogen dunst tint2 gsimplecal rofi qt5-style-plugins lxpolkit xautolock
rxvt-unicode xclip scrot thunar thunar-archive-plugin thunar-volman ffmpegthumbnailer tumbler
viewnior mpv mpd mpc ncmpcpp pavucontrol parcellite neofetch w3m w3m-img htop playerctl xsettingsd
oh-my-zsh & plugins optional
picom
obmenu-generator

Arch Linux (and all based distributions)
Make sure your AUR Helper is yay or paru.

yay -S rsync python psmisc xorg-xprop xorg-xwininfo imagemagick ffmpeg wireless_tools openbox 

pulseaudio pulseaudio-alsa alsa-utils brightnessctl nitrogen dunst tint2 gsimplecal rofi 

qt5-styleplugins lxsession xautolock rxvt-unicode-patched xclip scrot thunar thunar-archive-plugin 

thunar-volman ffmpegthumbnailer tumbler viewnior mpv mpd mpc ncmpcpp pavucontrol parcellite 

neofetch w3m htop picom-git obmenu-generator gtk2-perl playerctl xsettingsd
oh-my-zsh & plugins optional

Another Linux Distribution

Optional: betterdiscord, geany + geany plugins, gimp, nano + nano syntax highlighting, neovim, spotify, termite, xfce4-power-manager.

Installation (dotfiles)
Are all directories required? 🤔
Please refer to wiki/Detailed-Environment.

Most of .files
You can clone or download as a archive. After that put all files in the dotfiles folder to user's home directory.

Assume you are cloning in the /Documents directory for example.

cd /Documents/ && git clone https://github.com/owl4ce/dotfiles.git
I recommend with rsync.

rsync -avxHAXP --exclude '.git*' --exclude 'LICENSE' --exclude '*.md' dotfiles/ ~/
Explanation

Options	Function
-a	all files, with permissions, etc..
-v	verbose, mention files
-x	stay on one file system
-H	preserve hard links (not included with -a)
-A	preserve ACLs/permissions (not included with -a)
-X	preserve extended attributes (not included with -a)
-P	show progress
--exclude	exclude files matching PATTERN
Differences

cp is for duplicating stuff and by default only ensures files have unique full path names.
rsync is for synchronising stuff and uses the size and timestamp of files to decide if they should be replaced. It has many more options and capabilities than cp.
I recommend to not deleting dotfiles folder after cloning from this repository, because to make upgrades easier. Read the update section.

Icons
Note
pushd is same as cd, but can return back to the first directory (checkpoint).

pushd ~/.icons/ &&
    tar -Jxvf Papirus-Custom.tar.xz && tar -Jxvf Papirus-Dark-Custom.tar.xz &&
    sudo ln -vs ~/.icons/Papirus-Custom /usr/share/icons/Papirus-Custom &&
    sudo ln -vs ~/.icons/Papirus-Dark-Custom /usr/share/icons/Papirus-Dark-Custom &&
popd
Why I need to link icons to user system resources? 🤔
That's needed by dunst in order to display most of icon from notification that spawned by application.

Refresh Font Cache
fc-cache -rv
Root Privileges with SUID
brightnessctl
others if needed
For brightnessctl, I recommend adding users to video group.

sudo chmod u+s $(command -v brightnessctl)
The step you are waiting for
The final step is login into openbox-session, basically login from display manager you use such as lightdm, gdm, etc.

Note
Make sure the sh symlinks to bash, as it's very dependent on bash.

[ "$(readlink /bin/sh)" != "bash" ] && sudo ln -vfs bash /bin/sh
If you are using ~/.xinitrc without display manager, simply add

Systemd Linux Distribution

exec openbox-session
Init-Freedom Linux Distribution

exec dbus-launch --exit-with-session openbox-session
Then you can proceed to user's configuration. Explore!

Additional
Suggested replacement commands

ls ➜ exa
~/.zshrc

...
134 alias ls="exa -lgh --icons --group-directories-first"
135 alias la="exa -lgha --icons --group-directories-first"

...

cat ➜ bat
Suggestion for tiling users



I recommend compiling it from source. Then put zentile binary your PATH, for example in ~/.local/bin/

<div class="highlight highlight-source-shell position-relative" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content="# To run in the background (detached)
zentile &!
To kill (or pkill)
killall zentile
" style="box-sizing: border-box; position: relative !important; margin-bottom: 16px; color: rgb(201, 209, 217); font-family: -apple-system, BlinkMacSystemFont, "Segoe UI", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif, "Apple Color Emoji", "Segoe UI Emoji"; font-size: 16px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: rgb(13, 17, 23); text-decoration-thickness: initial; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;">

# To run in the background (detached)

zentile &!

# To kill (or pkill)

killall zentile

Update
Since I recommend using rsync from start, the easiest way is to list the files that will not be updated to avoid changing personal files with files in this repository. First, update local repository with git repository.

Remember where you cloned this repository.
For example, from the start we assumed that it was in /Documents.

cd /Documents/ &&

pushd dotfiles/ && git pull && popd
Then list the files excluded by rsync (PATTERN). For example,
/Documents/owl4ce_drsyncexc

.git*

LICENSE

*.md

*.joy

BetterDiscord

geany

GIMP

gtk-3.0

config.conf

nvim

autostart

environment

tray

shared

sidebar

termite

Thunar

xfconf

.fonts

.nothing

.mpd

.gtkrc-2.0

.zshrc

.nanorc

.Xresources

.xsettingsd
Use find command to check PATTERN,

find dotfiles/ -iname 'PATTERN'
and whatever the file is. Next, of course is rsync.

rsync -avxHAXP --exclude-from /Documents/owl4ce_drsyncexc dotfiles/ /
User's configuration
SLiM Themes optional

See
Chromium-based Web Browser suggested

See
Spotify - Spicetify Theme suggested

See
Telegram Desktop suggested

See
Capitaine Cursors Theme suggested

See
Touchpad tap-to-click (libinput) optional
/etc/X11/xorg.conf.d/30-touchpad.conf

Section "InputClass"

Identifier "touchpad"

Driver "libinput"

MatchIsTouchpad "on"

Option "Tapping" "on"

Option "TappingButtonMap" "lmr"

EndSection
More information.

User's Preferences required
/.owl4ce_var
Manage all your settings there. I hope all comments there are easy to understand. ^^

User's Tray Icons
/.config/openbox/tray
An example is turning on nm-applet, because by default I don't use it and use networkmanager_dmenu instead.

How about battery indicator?
Because on the tint2 panel I turned off battery status. Alternatively, install xfce4-power-manager and enable system tray icon in xfce4-power-manager-settings.

Remove hashtags for all your needs, then relogin openbox-session.

Warning! Putting a tray here means that when switching Visual Mode, the program will be restarted.

1 #

2 # This tray will restart after switching modes

3 # Please add "&" after command

4 #

5 # ---

6

7 parcellite &

8 #nm-applet &

9 #xfce4-power-manager &
Available Default Apps
/.scripts/default-apps/list

Terminal: urxvt termite
Lockscreen: anything
Music Player: mpd spotify
File Manager: anything
1 terminal="urxvt"

2 lockscreen="slimlock"

3 musicpl="mpd"

4 filemanager="thunar"
Neovim
/.config/nvim/
You know what to do with Vim-plug.

MPD Music Directory
/.mpd/mpd.conf

<div class="highlight highlight-source-haproxy-config position-relative" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content="...
6 music_directory "~/Music"

...
" style="box-sizing: border-box; position: relative !important; margin-bottom: 16px;">

...

6 music_directory     "~/Music"


...

Ncmpcpp Music Directory
Auto connect with MPD.

How to use ncmpcpp albumart? (URxvt)
It's easy, put album|cover|folder|artwork|front.jp?g|png|gif|bmp into folder with song album. Recommended image size is 500px ( 1:1 ) or more. See keybinds

Audio Server optional
/.config/openbox/autostart

This is optional for Linux distributions that don't use systemd as their init, actually pulseaudio can be triggered from increasing-decreasing audio volume.
QT Themer (env var) optional
/.config/openbox/environment
This is optional if you're having issues like blind text with background from Mechanical Theme (Fleon GTK), as it basically uses plugins (QT5 to GTK2). Remove gtk2 after the equal sign, then relogin openbox-session.

<div class="highlight highlight-source-haproxy-config position-relative" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content="...
7 # Use qt5-styleplugins for QT Themes
8 export QT_QPA_PLATFORMTHEME=gtk2

...
" style="box-sizing: border-box; position: relative !important; margin-bottom: 16px;">

...

7 # Use qt5-styleplugins for QT Themes

8 export QT_QPA_PLATFORMTHEME=gtk2


...

Neofetch Image
~/.config/neofetch/config.conf

<div class="highlight highlight-source-haproxy-config position-relative" data-snippet-clipboard-copy-content="...
641 # Image Source
642 #
643 # Which image or ascii file to display.
644 #
645 # Default: 'auto'
646 # Values: 'auto', 'ascii', 'wallpaper', '/path/to/img', '/path/to/ascii', '/path/to/dir/'
647 # 'command output (neofetch --ascii "$(fortune | cowsay -W 30)")'
648 # Flag: --source
649 #
650 # NOTE: 'auto' will pick the best image source for whatever image backend is used.
651 # In ascii mode, distro ascii art will be used and in an image mode, your
652 # wallpaper will be used.
653 #image_source="auto"
654 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/arch.png"
655 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/arch_dark.png"
656 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/artix.png"
657 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/bedrock.png"
658 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/gentoo.png"
659 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/gentoo_dark.png"
660 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/lofi.png"
661 image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/sakura.png"
662 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/ubuntu.png"
663 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/ubuntu_dark.png"
664 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/void.png"
665 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/void_dark.png"

...
" style="box-sizing: border-box; position: relative !important; margin-bottom: 16px;">

...

641 # Image Source

642 #

643 # Which image or ascii file to display.

644 #

645 # Default:  'auto'

646 # Values:   'auto', 'ascii', 'wallpaper', '/path/to/img', '/path/to/ascii', '/path/to/dir/'

647 #           'command output (neofetch --ascii "$(fortune | cowsay -W 30)")'

648 # Flag:     --source

649 #

650 # NOTE: 'auto' will pick the best image source for whatever image backend is used.

651 #       In ascii mode, distro ascii art will be used and in an image mode, your

652 #       wallpaper will be used.

653 #image_source="auto"

654 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/arch.png"

655 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/arch_dark.png"

656 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/artix.png"

657 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/bedrock.png"

658 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/gentoo.png"

659 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/gentoo_dark.png"

660 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/lofi.png"

661 image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/sakura.png"

662 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/ubuntu.png"

663 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/ubuntu_dark.png"

664 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/void.png"

665 #image_source="${HOME}/.config/neofetch/images/void_dark.png"


...
See Images
📝 Notes
Color Scheme

owl4ce.color-scheme

Nord Color Palette compatible


💬
Widget? We don't do that here. My main philosophy in building this is as a minimal replacement for Desktop Environment without any desktop decoration e.g icons and widgets, but it can be adapted to taste of user with an overall theme based on one color palette and can be easily switched between Mechanical-Eyecandy. I admit, the downside is that it relies heavily on the GNU/Linux operating system since bashism is not POSIX-compliant to other shell. Most of the size of this repository is large due to wallpapers, icons, and git caches.Please don't underrate, I've configured them all since April 2020 and have been stuDYING them since October 2019. Awesome open-source. If you support it, star it or make a PR. Or if there is a problem with configuration (please check previous issues if any) you can make an issue here. Also if you want a discussion.Thank you!Feel free to modify.. under GPL-3.0Why openbox? Really a perfect next-gen window manager, easily configurable, and less resources usage.Openbox isn't dead, but completed features.
 



💝 Tip Jar
If you enjoy my dotfiles and would like to show your appreciation, you may want to tip me here. It is never required but always wholeheartedly appreciated.

Thank you from the bottom of my heart! 💗

BTC: 3DrjWyd6Xgv4tKoL56mPtoQX4fL4LbR7zf
ETH: 0x818fC9B82548C1020ed7370DFeb04BCbADc59191
🎊 Credits / Thanks
Inspiration and resources

Elena
Adhi Pambudi
Fikri Omar
Nanda Oktavera
Rizqi Nur Assyaufi
Muktazam Hasbi Ashidiqi
Galih Wisnuaji
Ghani Rafif
Aditya Shakya
?
Knowledge and other resources

Digital Synopsis
Wiki @ Openbox
Pango Markup @ Gnome
Custom Environment @ ArchWiki
Recommended Applications @ Gentoo Wiki
Pure Bash Bible
Stark's Color Scripts
Notify Send (bash)
NetworkManager Dmenu
URxvt Manual
URxvt Resize Font
URxvt Tabbed Extended
Showing Album Cover in Ncmpcpp
Complete List of GitHub Markdown Emoji Markup
Many GNU/Linux and Unix forums.
Contributors

Ekaunt - Better promptmenu

HopeBaron - Termite config

Justin Faber - Rofi matched lines indicator



Made with contributors-img.

Softwares

Geany - The Flyweight IDE
GIMP - GNU Image Manipulation Program
Gpick - Advanced Color Picker
Gucharmap - GNOME Character Map
Themix - GUI Theme Designer
Tint2conf, etc.
Our local linux community Linuxer Desktop Art and @dotfiles_id, also r/unixporn.

© All artist who make icons, illustrations, and wallpapers.

The original source that I found:

Gladient Icons
桜
桜セイバー沖田総司
沖田総司

---
## [BrianWasTaken/lava](https://github.com/BrianWasTaken/lava)@[a9c8b08994...](https://github.com/BrianWasTaken/lava/commit/a9c8b08994f0c18e19b266a13438f8a225241b13)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 08:58:36 by BrianWasTaken

what the hell man why can't i install your bot? because it's fucking private you stupid.

---
## [coornio/ALUI](https://github.com/coornio/ALUI)@[2e056492ab...](https://github.com/coornio/ALUI/commit/2e056492abd7a5413faca98ef8e393778c01340c)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 10:29:33 by Στέφανος "Coornio/8924th" Βλαστός

It's been a long time coming.

Though not entirely done yet with the new featured addition, I reckoned it was a good time to save up the accumulated changes. Here we go! 

stdlib.cfg -- Addition of the keyboard hook variables, and modification of keyswitch to call upon a new function that will hijack keyboard input.

stdedit.cfg -- Removal of some useless vars, `entdirection` (the function called with R+scroll in edit)  can now rotate certain entities in all their possible directions based on the selected side of the entity's bounding box. Experimental `suncamangle`,  `suncamdist` and `sundir` UI, that's a WIP and on hold until I can learn to math.

defaults.cfg -- Fixed `vdirdelta` parameters on arrow keys, re-added the missing binds for BACKSPACE (not sure when/why those disappeared).

helpers.cfg -- `coswave` and `sinwave` were missing float operators, added those. Other coswave functions were modified to ensure the X value is always positive (countermeasure for millis overflowing to negative). The biggest change here is the *finally* fixed `vdirdelta` function. After a ton of trial and error, blood and tears over how "annoyingly" a certain face has flipped coordinates on only one axis, it now works flawlessly and one can at last offset or scroll a texture in the direction they want! Constricted by a fixed directional input no more! Also renamed a couple experimental UIs, and you'll also notice a function meant for translating. I will return to that in the future.

style.cfg -- Just some comments added.

lib.cfg -- This place is a bit of a mess at present.. the biggest additions being `UIadvancedfieldLA` and `UIadvancedfieldRA`, for left and right aligned text respectively. These new fields are practically fully configurable and look so much better than the `UIbasicfield` that was sparingly used thus far due to its scaling issues, lackluster interaction control and styling constraints. There's also  `.UI_KBreset` to init the new field's values, `.UI_KBinput` to handle the keyboard hijack behavior (configurable for more field types!!), `UIcaret` which is what its name implies and I need to make it local to the fields, it's useless outside of them, `UI_KBclose` which is a failsafe to kill a field's jack should the UI that it resided in goes away (still working on that).. Other changes include an OOB var for each UI (Out Of Bounds -- basically a glorified uihover check, might remove this after since it was an experiment) as well as a "shelf" var. That is used for situations where you might want to make some UI element *slide in*  ;-)  to view when you hover over a box. Used in the character profile UI, but uiclip restrictions kind of hold us back now as it won't clip in the -X and -Y directions BLEH. Last minor changes are the functions for the shelf behavior I just mentioned, the display value of sliders being *above* the slider line, the removal of `diagline` from the tooltipbox.. 

main.cfg -- Returned the button for player profile configuration and renamed it. Removed the entire segment on the right side of the menu that previously held an alt version of player-setup.cfg's contents. Added a call to define the `KBhook` UI at the end and start it up immediately. It is invisible and it only exists to allow left/right clicks outside of an actual UI to close an active field.

player_setup.cfg -- Bit of an overhaul. The weapon buttons now slide in from the bottom of the model preview. The name was supposed to slide in from the top, but due to the aforementioned issue with uiclip, it will instead always display right over the model preview. That part is a bit of a mess due to experiments with the fields, will be cleaned up in a followup commit. The loop for the color boxes was cleaned up just a bit. 

recorder.cfg -- Do not reset moview/movieh when the UI opens if a recording is still going on. 

server_browser.cfg -- Removed diagline call for an inline instead to avoid errors.

That's about it for now! More changes will follow as we go.

---
## [township-agency/coviddatahub](https://github.com/township-agency/coviddatahub)@[85c0ae7aff...](https://github.com/township-agency/coviddatahub/commit/85c0ae7aff5cb7ba0e1cd0458fbe14758b04339d)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 13:36:27 by Matt

Update map.js

Attached is the most current gist file for the data hub map, and I'll make sure to update the Table of Availability. There is a meeting tomorrow that we'd love to have everything updated for if possible - do you think that would be do-able?

---
## [Coder731/Portfolio_Project_1](https://github.com/Coder731/Portfolio_Project_1)@[4361773c58...](https://github.com/Coder731/Portfolio_Project_1/commit/4361773c5859f2f62160043cb8f97a1e45c650eb)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 16:11:51 by Coder731

Major changes style2 css Form Add background image

user survey form

    Remove

        contents of
          second header with id property set to a value of References

          and

          associated comment

    Add

        Credit Comment for Love Running Project used as template
          for form

        section and div for background image one

        section class form section

        form element and content from Love Running Project

    Modify love running project form

        to answer question on user experience

        Add underscores to move each option label closer to
            corresponding radio button and farther from
            other radio buttons

        Add emoticons to form

        Add Credit Comment for emoticons

        Add Font Awesome link to head
            and corresponding comment

        Add link to style2 css to head

            set
                rel to alternate stylesheet

        Add containing div element
            for each paragraph element in
            thanks container div element

    Add line breaks in header

style2

    Initial version of file
        Add second css file
            due to size of primary css file

        Add Credit Comment for CodeInstitute Running Project

        Add background image one rule

          Add declarations for
            height
            width
            background url

          Add animation name matrix zoom

        Add matrix outer rule and comment

	Add two style rules for centering thanks on
            user survey form

            Add Credit Comment

            make three duplicates of two style rules
                for four total versions

                add comments for duplication

                add ids to selector for tone t two
                    t three and t four

                adjust transforms to center vertically

            Remove duplicates
                Back to one version only

            Add Credit comment for css align

            Add duplicates for four total versions
             of contained element
                change to selectors t one t two
                 t three and t four

            Add root and body rule
		copied from style css
		originally from Neon Button
		  with Credit Comment

            Add black background for readability to
		to rules for selectors t one t two
                 t three and t four

            Adjust rules and declarations to
                center vertically and
                horizontally and then
                spread paragraph elements
                vertically

matrix image
    initial version of file
        Add matrix image

style css

    Add
        Stylesheet link for second css file

home page

    Add
        Stylesheet link for second css file

        set
            rel to alternate stylesheet

    Edit corresponding comment

README

    Add

      Credits for CodeInstitute

        gitpod-full-template

        love running project

        background zoom

      Credits Media

        Matrix Background Image

      Credits Media
        emoticons used in user survey form
          from Font Awesome
        Add Indents

    Add

        Heading Reference Sources style2 css file

        Heading CSS Background Image

        background image to Credits Content

    Add

        CSS center heading

        Reference for CSS center vertical

    Add features left to implement
	Remove and replace flexbox for Compatibility with
	  Internet Explorer 10

	Increase font size of text in
		user survey form for Accessibility

    Add Reference for git init to Reference Sources

    Add four References for git diff chunk header
        Location Tree
            Reference Sources
            Reference Sources Non content support material
            Content Git
            Content Git Commit Messages
            Git Methods of adding Header and Message
             to git commit messages

---
## [4256ritikadublish/Samsung-microwave-oven-me18H704sfs](https://github.com/4256ritikadublish/Samsung-microwave-oven-me18H704sfs)@[a03224924f...](https://github.com/4256ritikadublish/Samsung-microwave-oven-me18H704sfs/commit/a03224924fc426b0dac7e9262c109463a14c89a6)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 21:43:58 by 4256ritikadublish

Samsung microwave oven me18H704sfs

If you are thinking to buy an outstanding microwave oven for you and your family at a standard budget, Samsung microwave oven me18h704sfs is the best choice for you. In this world of modernization, microwave ovens has also become smart. If you now want a touchscreen oven that can be programmed simultaneously you have come to the right place. You can get other benefits of the oven, including heating food whenever you want. Not only that, if you want your oven to look great and having an auto defrost system, including all those opportunities,what if the microwave oven could give you serviceat the right time you set before, then this amazing ovenof Samsungis only for you.

 So, why late? Let’s get started with the details of this astonishing product of Samsung.

 

Let’s know about the hardware of Samsung microwave oven me18h704sfs from the beginning. The oven can work with only 120 volts and that’sa good fact. Everyone knows that Samsung is famous in the world for their electronic products. So their products will be world class and very acceptable to the user, it’sa common fact. Since it is an electronic device, it will run on electricity. The power of Samsung microwave oven me18h704sfs is of 1000 watts. It'sweight is 56 pounds. So it is understood that this oven, despite its unique features, is not very heavy, but can be said to be light compared to other ovens.

1. The body of this microwave oven is made of high quality stainless steel. Samsung microwave oven me18h704sfs has ceramic enamel interior.The durable Ceramic Enamel Interior provides a polished surface that's easy to maintain. You can effortlessly remove grease or oil from surfaces. Plus, this interior is more scratch and stain resistant than plastic or stainless steel. It’s glaze has made it gorgeous. You will get a color for this oven and that is silver. It’s  dimension is of 29.87 x 15.56 x 17.06 inches. Which is really awesome. Its capacity is 1.8 cubic feet.Important and attractive thing we should know that is it’s manufacturer warranty. It has a warreny of 1 year parts and labor, 10 years parts on magnetron. So breathe a sigh of relief.

2. Now we know our microwave oven’s hardware information. Let’s dive into it’s modern features. If you have a child in your home and you are afraid to buy a microwave oven for him/her, then your worries are over. Samsung has brought the oven, ‘Samsung microwave oven me18h704sfs’for you. It has a modern child lock system. This means that even if you leave your child alone and move out, he or she will not be harmed by the microwave oven . You can finish your work in peace. The result is that at the same time the oven is not only heating up and serving you appetizing food but also taking away your worries and helping you to concentrate on your work. As a result, you are benefiting financially, mentally and physically.

3. Almosteverything in a modern family is now running on the touchscreen. In this age of technology, many of your difficult tasks are getting easier at a single touch of your finger.This oven has a touchscreen system to keep pace with the ‘technologyera'. The touchscreen in Samsung’s smart microwave oven is of very high quality and it responds quickly. So as soon as you order, the microwave oven will operate at a very satisfactory speed. Last but not least, this amazing device has 400 CFM ventilation system with simple clean filter.Convenient, easy-to-access location is simple to eject with one touch. Plus, the reusable filter is easily washable with mild soap and water. Regular cleaning is necessary to maintain optimal microwave performance. You don’t have to bother to keep the work equipment clean.‌ Both your valuable time and labor are being saved. The interesting thing is that it has ‘Halogen cooktop light' with high / low / off options. As a result, you can adjust the settings at your convenience. If you need more, you can keep it in high mode. If you need less, you can keep it in low mode or if you don’t need it, you can keep it off. An amazing feature of it is ,the underside of the H704 over-the-range microwave features with a  powerful ventilation system that quickly and quietly eliminates steam, fumes and odors from the kitchen. The nearly silent system clears the air with 400 cubic feet per minute of turbo ventilation. So, you can understand how much work it will do for your hygiene!

Read related Posts:-  https://onekitchenreview.com

4. Whether it’s the soup you just bought, last night’s leftover pasta, or a frozen dinner, Sensor Cook does the thinking for you so that you get optimally heated results every time.

5. See things more clearly on the new Samsung over-the-range. With a large LED display, settings and timing are clearly visible for greater cooking convenience. The digital display’s striking ice blue color provides a stylish accent to enhance any kitchen interior.

6. A variety of preset cooking options puts convenient meals with fresh ingredients at your fingertips. Choose from 9 pre-set cook modes on this Samsung over-the-range microwave for optimally cooked homemade dishes – from green beans to brown rice, boneless chicken to salmon fillets – that are healthly and full of flavor.

7. Even at rest, conventional over-the-range microwaves use power to maintain essential functions. It’s Eco Mode button conserves power by turning off the display when not in use and is more convenient than unplugging the microwave when not in use.

8. The new Samsung me18h704sfs over-the-range microwave offers the option to disable the turntable, for the ability to utilize the entire interior space to accommodate larger square-shaped dishes.

Price : you can get the featurefull microwave oven at only  $319 at Samsung’s official website. So what are you thinking for? Go , grab it from the official website of Samsung or your nearest Samsung showroom!

---
## [ciarandeg/dwm-status](https://github.com/ciarandeg/dwm-status)@[95d90994ca...](https://github.com/ciarandeg/dwm-status/commit/95d90994ca73ab6f098238a0c01f3afa354cf712)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 21:57:12 by Ciaran De Groot

Switch IP query from dig to curl

For some reason the DNS approach wasn't working out on
WireGuard+Mullvad. Using curl/HTTP for this is all-around shittier
and less reliable, but such is life. This also makes the IPv4 and IPv6
config options always return the same thing as eachother, but I'm going
to leave them both in place anyways because this is a personal fork and
I want to keep my config largely compatible with the main repo.

---
## [Radfordhound/HedgeLib](https://github.com/Radfordhound/HedgeLib)@[715c1cb1a6...](https://github.com/Radfordhound/HedgeLib/commit/715c1cb1a620df09bc2b7f58553b7881efe92bca)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 22:46:48 by Graham Scott

rad push HedgeLib
ok skyth <3

So if you somehow didn't know, yes, I rewrote it again. For the last time this time. Seriously. I promise.

The decision to switch to C was made in a bad time in my life when I was in a really bad mental state and honestly it just didn't make any sense.
I just wanted something fresh and new to work on to help better distract me from stuff going on in my life at the time. That was the only reason I did it.

Problem was, it wasn't just a silly decision without a good reason behind it, it was an actively bad decision that actually added a ton of completely unnecessary coding work and slowed development down by a HUGE amount completely unnecessarily.
So I've rewritten it one final time in C++.

From here on out I intend to:
- ACTIVELY commit and push (aka "stop treating pushes as releases")
- NEVER rewrite HedgeLib again

I also plan to adopt a new style suggested by Skyth that's actually somewhat similar to C# HedgeLib while still allowing direct loading and such if you want to do that.
This style is already in-use in the new HH model/material/texture stuff and the HL scene stuff present in this commit.

The shader stuff in this commit is not yet in this style and will be changed to match it soon. I wasn't going to commit this all yet due to some things being unfinished like this, but skyth, death, and others highly encouraged me to do so as they rightfully pointed out I've been treating my commits as releases and need to stop doing that. It compiles. That's good enough for a commit (many projects don't even care about that!).

---
## [SgtHunk/fulpstation-1](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1)@[9852902f86...](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1/commit/9852902f867708cf85304c009b2441ccf732bbca)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 23:44:49 by Enricode

of course the british file gives me trouble

fuck you british people

---
## [LemMem/TF2NotifyBot](https://github.com/LemMem/TF2NotifyBot)@[74c599e52f...](https://github.com/LemMem/TF2NotifyBot/commit/74c599e52fbac5895efacdb34ad519bb9b357453)
#### Monday 2021-06-21 23:57:33 by Lem Mem

rewrote some code

i hate myself for writing such shit variable names

---

# [<](2021-06-20.md) 2021-06-21 [>](2021-06-22.md)

