# [<](2021-07-15.md) 2021-07-16 [>](2021-07-17.md)

2,667,833 events, 1,339,384 push events, 2,211,049 commit messages, 165,485,710 characters


## [toddhodes/AnimationThrowdown](https://github.com/toddhodes/AnimationThrowdown)@[86496d7442...](https://github.com/toddhodes/AnimationThrowdown/commit/86496d7442c3f5d34672252b92f98a48c9ff23c7)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 00:40:28 by Todd Hodes

fuck you Balloon Fight CM.  FUCK YOU.

and fuck you beer snot.

+3 | Summer Guy
+2 | Beer Snot | 95

+  13 L Jacuzzi Drinks Hank: 6**
+   6 L Alamo ID: 6**
+   6 L Holiday Punch: 6**

+  18 L Balloon Fight: 6**
   from   6 L Balloon Fight: 6** yet no cm3

---
## [feelingnothing/DSharpPlus.Menus](https://github.com/feelingnothing/DSharpPlus.Menus)@[f96d85e109...](https://github.com/feelingnothing/DSharpPlus.Menus/commit/f96d85e1098f320ab9da4eb1fcfd8b8d81f0a292)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 00:49:35 by dolabaeb

fix the stupidest issue in my entire fucking life omfg iwkms

---
## [didierrevelo/holbertonschool-web_front_end](https://github.com/didierrevelo/holbertonschool-web_front_end)@[032a4067ad...](https://github.com/didierrevelo/holbertonschool-web_front_end/commit/032a4067ad2e71800b5923de214d686e2ea0855d)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 01:38:34 by didierrevelo

29. Client quotes
The 29-index.html file is created based on the 27-index.html file and the following tags and changes are added:
* in the Testimonials section
       - in the first article
          + replace the text with a blockquote with text I am completely blown away. Thanks to Techium, we've just launched our 5th website! and cite author Yuri Y.
       - in the second article
          + replace the text with a blockquote with text Thank you so much for your help. Techium company is awesome! and cite author Dorrie S.
       - in the third article
          + replace the text with a blockquote with text I love your system. Definitely worth the investment. I'd be lost without Techium company. and cite author Sven H.
this solves task 29 project 0x00-html_advanced

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[c60bceba41...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/c60bceba41a9721bf3fda1a21e21ddc69aba40ab)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 02:54:24 by Kylerace

fixes hyperspace connect_loc_behalf bug (#60231)

turns out my move_stacks var doesnt work asynchronously since this bug made things with connect_loc_behalf runtime on every movement unless you somehow moved it back to the transit turf and off without it doing the runtime special.

(The sleep and hell the whole bit of code in space/Entered was unneeded, since it just happens normally as a part of move. Life is pain) -Lemon

also does misc code improvements i found while investigating ANOTHER c_l_b bug with stacks i found while testing this one, which i did NOT manage to fix unfortunately

---
## [ZeroPointGaming/PHPCodingExercise](https://github.com/ZeroPointGaming/PHPCodingExercise)@[4d3387781f...](https://github.com/ZeroPointGaming/PHPCodingExercise/commit/4d3387781fb91f8f205cee9c0370d51b4016dac2)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 03:24:35 by ZeroPointGaming

Finished project

- Finished add and remove from database functions and forms, but i am going to work on the css and style it better than its current state.

- Getting the add_object to db fucntion to work was easy but getting the delete function to work corrently took about 45 minutes, the documentation was not very clear in my opinion on this and i ended up getting the solution finally working from this source (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51096776/how-to-delete-row-from-table-in-codeigniter) idk why its delete solution was so much different from all of the other methods i tried, i kept running into an error where there was no table selected (documentation on delete() doesnt state that it needs a table paremeter).

I completed the project in about 8 hours (actual coding time was 4.5-5 hours) had some personal things to do today which interrupted my work a few times but i got it done.

I am going to continue to work on the project and add delete links to each object rather than delete by id which is what the instructions asked for originally and clean up the css of the forms and make it look nicer.

Thank you for the code exercise it was fun learning a new technology, funnily enough i can report that the php frameworks are very similar to the django framework which is the one i have the most experience on.

---
## [JuanDiegoMontoya/Gengine](https://github.com/JuanDiegoMontoya/Gengine)@[8755c493a9...](https://github.com/JuanDiegoMontoya/Gengine/commit/8755c493a904876e072598bedbd93c13111bbca1)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 05:43:33 by Jake

Do you think God stays in heaven because he too lives in fear of what he's created?
Min, max support for float and vec3 CVars and horrible template abuse.

---
## [JavaFS210601/P1-Chani-Kinsler](https://github.com/JavaFS210601/P1-Chani-Kinsler)@[77f3ae8ce7...](https://github.com/JavaFS210601/P1-Chani-Kinsler/commit/77f3ae8ce77ff4d1d2467b304d328de3bdb97f92)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 06:29:23 by Chani Kinsler (CK Tha Poet)

Finally was able to populate the Tables and add DATA thanks to Ken and Mike :)

Correction to class name reimbursement interface

Made a Reimbursement type DAO so I can add the types... during lunch today I will add the status and attempt the reimbursements

changed the name of the args in userRole DAO and its interface

Had help from Ken and Mike so I could populate my tables first had to fix reimbursement change data type of re_author to User

added constructor with args to User so I can add users

Thanks to Ken and Mike told me that I didnt have a one to many for user  list  mapped to user role to relate to the user class that has role type many to one

changed hbmddl.auto  to update after I populated my tables

I AM SO THANKFUL.... to Ken and Mike  if it wasnt for them pointing out my issues I would have been struggling with this all night with no progress... also I didnt know but thank to mike he said I need to already have the blank schema created in dbever hibernate populates the tables and of course data not the schema :angry:

I will work on making the status dao during lunch and try to add the reimbursements to the table then fix my broken controllers.. Let the struggle continue

---
## [SalauddinHasib/SalauddinHasib](https://github.com/SalauddinHasib/SalauddinHasib)@[4e145bb152...](https://github.com/SalauddinHasib/SalauddinHasib/commit/4e145bb152d553c21323512026e5eb916bdef7ee)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 06:38:37 by SalauddinHasib

Update README.md

Hello! I am Md. Salauddin Hasib. I completed Diploma in Computer Science and Engineering in 2014 and BSc in Computer Science and Engineering in 2016. Now, I am teaching on Information and Communication Technology (ICT) subject in a reputed Institute (Akij Collegiate School) as a Lecturer. I love working with different aspects of computer. Over the past 11 years, I have mastered a variety of computer hardware, programming, and networking skills. Digital marketing is one of my skills. SEO is a part of tha't. Of these, basically Technical, On-Page, backlink, web 2.0 etc works seem relatively.

---
## [jessicastrawford/sei-project-one](https://github.com/jessicastrawford/sei-project-one)@[588c6304c5...](https://github.com/jessicastrawford/sei-project-one/commit/588c6304c5f419a1ee6da3b756fdd183d1f5c554)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 08:08:10 by Jessica Strawford

 step 1 complete- making the two grids. I have a working start button that stops working once it has been clicked once (before if I clicked twice it moved up the board twice and if I clicked it three times it moved three etc etc) - So I've fixed my first bug! I made my starting position for my artist and I then tried to make his base (game complete squares) but I struggled to make his base- I intend to go back to this this morning. I then went on to think about my moving blocks- even though in the end I visualise these being moving paintbrushes I have started with just colored blocks for now. I have got as far as starting them but I need to figure out how to stop them after three classes have filled with pink and once this has happenned delete the old squares- the movement of them horizontally across the board. I thought about for loops, using setTimeOut, if else/ or switch statements. This is my goal for this morning is to complete the artsits home and create my moving blocks. I did also come across online that keyCode isn't compatable on some browsers now and to avoid it, so I changed this to just key but it broke my code. So it's still in there for now but I need to revisit this and change it. I also need to work out visually how I can have my squares on the full page as when I click up it moves my artist and the window at the same time.

---
## [alphagov/licence-finder](https://github.com/alphagov/licence-finder)@[a1ad3ff331...](https://github.com/alphagov/licence-finder/commit/a1ad3ff331fb16a49a34b458d997e5bfdb5a665d)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 10:23:07 by Richard Towers

Rake task to add Costs Lawyers Practising Certificate

Colleagues from BEIS have asked us to add this licence to
licence-finder.

It will point to a start page on GOV.UK that links off to the CLSB's
website (i.e. it's not a new licence on licensify).

Apparently the CLSB reached out in April to ask for this, but it's only
just made it into our awareness. It's probably still not that much of a
priority, but it's a good opportunity to work out "how do we actually
add licences to licence-finder?".

From what I've been able to tell from the git history, we've never added
a new licence to licence-finder since the initial data import in 2012 🙈

The closest thing I could find was commit 7c46f89d (from 2013) which
fixes some bits of data which were incorrect in the initial import.

Because we haven't done this in the last 8 years, I had to do quite a
bit of archaeology to work out how everything works. People did not
write good commit messages back in those days. Thankfully we live in a
more civilised age.

The main interesting thing is the format of `gds_id` - all the numbers
in the databasse are of the form `\d{4}-[1-8]-\d'. Looks suspiciously
like it's formatted to be meaningful, right? But what does it mean?

It turns out the first part is a reference to the "Local government
services list (LGSL)":

https://standards.esd.org.uk/?uri=list%2FenglishAndWelshServices

These are things like "Abnormal load notification (785)". It looks like
an old attempt at a register of services, but it hasn't been maintained.
Even when the initial licence import happened, most of the licences
didn't have matching IDs in the LGSL.

From oral history, we worked out that Dai made up prefixes for the
licences that weren't in the LGSL. He started at 9048 (for some reason),
and then added them sequentially all the way up to 9265.

So it makes sense for us to use 9266 as the prefix for our new licence.

Looking at the data in the database, the next digit after the dash is
always [1-8]. Most of the time it's 7. So that clearly has some meaning
too.

Again, from oral history we worked out that this is a region identifier:

1 - England
2 - Wales
3 - Scotland
4 - Northern Ireland
5 - England & Wales
6 - England & Wales & Scotland
7 - England & Wales & Scotland & Northern Ireland

(Aside: they've tried to cram four bits of information into a three bit
number here, so it's not possible to represent any combinations of two
nations [other than england and wales] or any combinations of three
countries [other than england, wales and scotland]. I guess this has
never come up in practice!?

There's one service in the database which has `8` as the middle number.
This looks like a mistake.

The final digit (after the second dash) is there to make sure the IDs
are unique. So if there are more than one licence for the same service,
targeting the same nations we can still have unique IDs. For our
purposes this can always be 1, because we're not trying to group
licences into services.

All of this was an interesting aside, but I'm pretty sure the fact that
the ID is meaningful is a huge red herring - there's nothing that parses
it, so it may as well just be a random UUID.

Software engineering lesson: don't imbue IDs with unnecessary meaning.
Use something you can guarantee will be unique (like a uuid, or an
incrementing integer), and store the meaningful bits somewhere else on
the record.

Now that we've worked all that out we can actually add the licence
entry. BEIS want it under Solicitor services / Offer professional legal
services, which we can do by adding a licence link.

I've made this task check if the licence is already there and error if
it is, so we don't need to remove it from the repo once it's run. It can
serve as an explanation of how to do this next time.

Because this is just a single licence, I've hardcoded everything in the
rake task. If we need to add batches of licences in the future we should
probably do something a bit better. There's no prior art in the git
history though.

Finally, once this has been added to licence-finder, we'll also need to
add a licence artefact in publisher
(https://publisher.publishing.service.gov.uk/artefacts/new). Publisher
will ask us for the ID, which will be 9266-5-1. This will end up in
search-api, which is how licence-finder turns our entry into a link to
the start page.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[abd94d476f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/abd94d476f94314c82579896d34d4adbc3d8da99)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 10:58:43 by Marko Grdinić

"8:50am. Finally got up early. This is despite having trouble falling asleep.

I had a lot of inspiration last night. I think I understand how to do proper exploration completely now.

I had some doubts about the method from the SAU paper. The trouble is that the variance and the weight counts while being dependent on the top layer state probs, they aren't dependend on the features of any layer below that. They aren't actually dependent on the state observations themselves. Only the value mean estimate is because that is what I am optimizing for.

The variance I could optimize as well so it dependent on the state observation features. I thought of how to do it and here is what the rules should be:

* `inl x = var - r*r in sqrt (abs x) * sgn x` for the variance mean prediction error. This is not a cost function, but the top level gradient.
* On the backwards pass, take the sqrt of the variance weights.

This will hopefully match the gradient scale with the regular value mean estimate.

If I just estimate the reward variance in isolation, on just the top level using the usual tabular updates, it would be correct for a particular reward bucket. But if I optimized it with respect to the inputs it would be able to learn how the variance depends on the state observations themselves which is a lot more profound than just knowing the variance of the buckets.

9:10am. The last part I've been missing in the exploration puzzle is the state prob weights in the last layer. If I used the state prob weights as I have them now then it would be possible to balance the actions overall, but it might lead to them being balanced narrowly. For example, on an arbitrary game it might lead to bad actions being taken in the early part of the game, but not in the later part.

If I instead made the exploration state dependent, that would ensure that it explores low reward choices in every part systematically.

9:15am. The way to do that is to predict the actions taken. If I had such a distribution instead of the SAU rule: `z ~ N(u,var/n)` I could do `z ~ N(u,var*p)` where `p` is `prob of uniform action / prob of predicted action`. The reason why I am using importance sampling to the uniform action instead of just straight up dividing is because I do not want the `var*p` term to be always huge if there is a large number of possible actions like in Holdem.

This would work really well and would ensure thorough exploration.

There are two issues I am still to deal with.

* If I trained the action predictor as a part of the value net, I am not sure how the gradients should be balanced for it. I'd actually prefer to have the value net take care of it rather than having a separate net have to learn to hand read all over again. This is a composability issue of backprop already rearing its head. It would be a lot easier to balance multiple tasks in an energy based model.

* Unlike the SAU algorithm, the action predictor idea would not decay with the number of visitations. So I'd still need the GAN prediction training to get back that aspect.

9:45am. I am thinking how to implement it all in one net. Instead of the `inl x = var - r*r in sqrt (abs x) * sgn x` rule, I should just do `var - r*r` and then L1 normalize the gradients. The same for the value mean estimator. That will balance the two against each other. That would allow me to leave the action predictor as it is.

9:50am. It would be good to do separate supports for the value and the variance critics. The actor as well.

...No, the l1 normalization of every gradient coming out of the last layers is not the answer.

I would not mind normalizing the weights themselves, but that would still leave rescaling the gradients...

10:05am. Ok, I have it, the perfect solution.

In the last layer, I will chunk the input into 3. These will be separate supports for the action predictor, value and variance critics. I'll norm square those. Then I will allow non-leaf gradients on them. What this will allow me to do is track moving average of the l1 norm of the gradients. And that will allow me to reweight the averages towards the mean of the 3. Or even more easily, just divide it to 1. For the variance critic I'll use the square root version of the rule. It will be easier to balance.

10:15am. This estimate won't be accurate initially, but who cares about that. Since I am using signSGD, it is not like the net will crash and burn. It will have time to adjust so all the 3 tasks are given equal weight.

In the end, if I go through with this, this might result in better representation learning overall. Distributional RL has been shown to improve performance even when it should not, and that it pushes towards learning better representations is suspected at being a reason for that.

10:35am. My imagination is in the thrall of ideas I just described. What I just highlighted is so good. It is a complete solution to the deep exploration problem using NNs. I've combined the ideas from two papers, the SAU and the adversarialy guided AC to arrive at this.

It is more than I expected.

10:40am. I was supposed to be working on the transformers, but those can wait. Let me read the two papers from last night. Then I'll read the AGAC paper again.

10:45am. Actually, let me take a short break here. My inspiration high needs to come down a little.

11:05am. Let me resume.

http://proceedings.mlr.press/v139/lee21g.html
SUNRISE - A Simple Unified Framework for Ensemble Learning in Deep Reinforcement Learning

https://arxiv.org/abs/1706.01502
UCB Exploration via Q-Ensembles

I'll start with the first one.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2012.09456
Stabilizing Q Learning Via Soft Mellowmax Operator

Never head of this before. It seems interesting.

11:10am. I have to admit, if there is something I dislike that would be the SAC algorithm which they build on in this paper. Mixing Q values and log probabilities is just spew. The algorithm ends up being very sensitive to scale of the rewards.

11:25am. I should mention that once I implement my head l1 norm clipping, the learning rates for infrequently taken actions will effectively higher than for regular ones. This will have the effect of making the updates similar to those in the RUQL paper.

http://www.ifaamas.org/Proceedings/aamas2013/docs/p1045.pdf
Addressing the Policy-bias of Q-learning by Repeating Updates

I read this one a while ago and did not think much of it, but maybe I should give it some credit. As it is equivalent to doing l1 norm clipping of the entire tabular agent.

It is really amazing how much easier traking the counts explicitly makes things. I have no idea why more people don't do it. Exponential averages are so limited in their use. Counts allow smooth transition from averaging to exponential decay.

I am going to use count tracking for the l1 norm grad clip layers as well. One benefit that I am not aiming for, but will get regardless from that is reward invariance even when using regular SGD as an optimizer. Now that is cool.

11:35am. When read the RUQL paper, I was happy to find that the update performs well in non-stationary environments. Isn't that great news for me?

Let me get back to the SUNRISE paper.

12:20pm. These papers are useless. Even the RUQL was better than them. Let me check out the AGAC again.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.04376
Adversarially Guided Actor-Critic

12:30pm. No, I do not like the paper. Predicting the actor policy makes no sense. This is why I did not think of it much last time. What needs to be predicted is the sampling policy instead. Combined with the SAU sampling algorithm that will make it very powerful indeed. Once I implement my ideas, I would not be surprised to find them to be the absolute state of the art in RL.

That is what is going to descent on the gambling dens when I am done. The entertainers are sure going to be entertained.

12:55pm. Let me take a break here. I might not be doing programming right now, but knowing that I have a great method waiting to be implemented is much more motivating than being mired in a swamp of doubt.

I will really do it this time. I will implement my ideas, break through the Holdem bottleneck and reach the appex of the 3/5 realm in ML. This will be just the point where RL becomes stable and useful on tasks of interest. My algorithms have so many good properties that those in the ML papers don't.

I've made the right choice to wait so much before starting. Having the VR MCCFR update and the SAU algorithms to build upon will be the crucial ingredients that will ensure my success. I made sure to draw luck to me. And I am going to get what I deserve for my wisdom."

---
## [Kshatriyaprithviraj/Ideal-table-talk](https://github.com/Kshatriyaprithviraj/Ideal-table-talk)@[96941c0a7a...](https://github.com/Kshatriyaprithviraj/Ideal-table-talk/commit/96941c0a7a8bc92da2717b0da49f9564c3bee07d)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 12:33:26 by Prithvi

Dev (#14)

* fixed ejs error and added public,css,js folders

* fixed minor errors

* added basic styling for signup page and created user schema , model

* encrypt passwords and signup post route

* updated passport local

* passport-local error is extant

* fixed minor conflicts

* fuck you passport local err

---
## [mflatt/racket](https://github.com/mflatt/racket)@[bace701bae...](https://github.com/mflatt/racket/commit/bace701baedbbddbddf233e0f37d0f480271b8d8)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 12:48:52 by Matthew Flatt

remove syntax arming, but protect macro-expansion operations

Summary:

Syntax arming and disarming were part of a design to allow sandboxing
untrusted code without unduly constraining the sandboxed code. This
commit replaces that approach with a simpler one. The trade-off is
that some advanced macro-implementation tools, including
`syntax-local-value` and `local-expand`, cannot be referenced directly
within a sandbox (i.e., in a context where the code inspector is
different than the original one).

Long version:

Unsafe operations --- or operations that would otherwise break
invariants within a trusted library --- can be protected by not
exporting them or by using `protect-out` on an export. Protected
bindings cannot be referenced directly in sandboxed programs. It's
common, however, for macros to expand to (suitably guarded) uses of
unsafe or unexported bindings. Sandboxed programs need to be able to
use those macros, even though expansions refer to bindings that cannot
be referenced directly by the sandboxed program.

To make that combination work, quoted syntax objects that appear in a
macro retain a right to access the same bindings that would be allowed
in the enclosing module. This system of protected bindings and
quoted-syntax access is working, as far as we can tell, EXCEPT for
some cases when untrusted code uses `expand`, `local-expand,`
`syntax-local-value`, and variants of those functions. Some trusted
macros and tools need to force expansions and rearrange the result, as
in the `class` macro or the errortrace library, which is why things
like `local-expand` exist. The danger is that portions of the
expansion can be extracted, with permissions intact on the extracted
part, and then abused by untrusted programs.

Syntax "arming" was an attempt to close that hole by distinguishing
trusted and untrusted uses of expanded code, revoking permissions on
an identifier by tainting it when it is extracted from an expansion by
an untrusted party. The tricky part has been drawing the line between
trusted and untrusted uses through a mixture of inferred and explicit
boundaries. Explicit boundaries usually involve `syntax-protect`.
Experience has shown that it's difficult to remember to use
`syntax-protect` consistently enough, and we have not been able to
enlarge the role of inference enough to close the hole.

This commit tries a simpler approach, which is to discard the complex
arming system and instead just protect operations like `local-expand`
that force macro expansions. Protecting `syntax-local` makes a sandbox
less flexible: it prevents running an untrusted module in a sandbox
when the module implements its own macros with `local-expand`,
`syntax-local-value`, and some related expansion-time operations. Most
macros do not need those facilities, so most modules would still work
in a sandbox. Meanwhile, sandboxed modules can still use macros that
use those faciltiies and that are implemented in trusted modules.

A slightly different approach is used for the `expand` family of
functions, which are not used by macros, but are instead for debugging
and exploration. Each of those functions now takes an additional
inspector argument that defaults to `(current-inspector)`; if that
inspector is not the original one, then the result of expansion is
preemptively tainted, so identifiers in the expansion cannot be used.
(Syntax objects that are included in syntax-error exceptions are also
still tainted that way, as before.) So, `expand` can still be used in
a sandbox to explore expansions without necessarily accessing bindings
that are referenced in the expansion.

This change does not entirely remove the burden for implementing
modules that are intended to be trusted. Instead of requiring a
careful use of `syntax-protect` on macro expansions, the problem is
narrowed to using `local-expand` and related functions correctly, as
well as protecting any exports that would expose the capabilities of
`local-expand`. Non-protected exports that expose `local-expand` are
rare, in contrast to macros that lack `syntax-protect`. Another
benefit is that tools and macros that manipulate expansions no longer
need to use `syntax-disarm` and `syntax-rearm`, which was painful and
error-prone.

The functions `syntax-protect`, `syntax-arm`, `syntax-disarm`, and
`syntax-rearm` are still available, but they now just return the given
syntax object unmodified. The 'taint-mode and 'certify-mode
syntax-object properties are no longer specifically recognized by the
expander.

This change is work with @michaelballantyne, who identified problems
with the current system and moved the discussion in this direction,
plus @rmculpepper, @samth, and @mfelleisen.

---
## [TGMDevelopment/TGMLib](https://github.com/TGMDevelopment/TGMLib)@[6e67307153...](https://github.com/TGMDevelopment/TGMLib/commit/6e6730715362d0cd6058736d1e24e49a6f6b683d)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 13:17:21 by MatthewTGM

v2.4 (#7)

* ColourRGB utils, keybind improvements, notifications v3 (beta)

* Added auto-generating advanced command tab completions.

* Notifications v3, restored most changes in v2.3 (fuck you too, Git)

* Copyright notices and re-enabled first test notification in command.

* Removed useless copyright notice and unused variables from notifications.

* Javadocs, because Xander is a toxic arsehole.

* Thank you, Git.

---
## [wikimedia/Wikibase](https://github.com/wikimedia/Wikibase)@[80fa58b9d4...](https://github.com/wikimedia/Wikibase/commit/80fa58b9d46d315922ca01ca30186b0bd62384e2)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 13:35:38 by Lucas Werkmeister

Remove WikibaseClient repositories setting

This removes the default repositories setting, along with support for
parsing this and other “legacy” settings into entity sources
(implemented in EntitySourceDefinitionsLegacyClientSettingsParser).
Instead, there is now a default entitySources setting, and clients of
non-local repos must configure custom entitySources.

The default entitySources, like the default repositories before them,
copy the current repo configuration if the current wiki is a repo (and
throw an exception otherwise). However, instead of directly copying the
repo entitySources *setting* (in the old code: the entityNamespaces
setting), we build an entitySources array from the repo’s effective
EntitySourceDefinitions *service*, which may have been loaded from
legacy settings. In theory, this should also give us the federated
properties entity source if federated properties are enabled in the repo
configuration of the wiki; however, the WikibaseClient service wiring
for EntitySourceAndTypeDefinitions can’t parse the “api” entity source
type yet (only the corresponding repo wiring supports it), so for now we
filter out non-“db” entity sources.

This is a prerequisite for removing the entityNamespaces setting from
the repo (we can’t remove it there while client still tries to copy it
for its own config).

The default itemAndPropertySourceName is also changed to read the source
name from the repo local entity source (if the wiki is also a repo),
since the copied entitySources may not include a 'local' source.
(Without this, EntityHandlerTestCase fails, because it configures a
local 'test' source.)

ClientDefaultsTest is reenabled. It’s been skipped for two and a half
years – if it’s still flaky after all this time, and the major changes
of this commit, then we should look into that, and not just hide the
problem, in my opinion.

Bug: T285471
Change-Id: I4243d2a00d4ec9ebf5db5d70d8589f219649a92c

---
## [wikimedia/mediawiki-extensions](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-extensions)@[c8bd49f466...](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-extensions/commit/c8bd49f4666fcc20023baabc2c7559befa1c47a2)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 13:35:40 by jenkins-bot

Update git submodules

* Update Wikibase from branch 'master'
  to e4c6898bda19c90daa63c3c466d08d6d221081ad
  - Merge "Remove WikibaseClient repositories setting"
  - Remove WikibaseClient repositories setting
    
    This removes the default repositories setting, along with support for
    parsing this and other “legacy” settings into entity sources
    (implemented in EntitySourceDefinitionsLegacyClientSettingsParser).
    Instead, there is now a default entitySources setting, and clients of
    non-local repos must configure custom entitySources.
    
    The default entitySources, like the default repositories before them,
    copy the current repo configuration if the current wiki is a repo (and
    throw an exception otherwise). However, instead of directly copying the
    repo entitySources *setting* (in the old code: the entityNamespaces
    setting), we build an entitySources array from the repo’s effective
    EntitySourceDefinitions *service*, which may have been loaded from
    legacy settings. In theory, this should also give us the federated
    properties entity source if federated properties are enabled in the repo
    configuration of the wiki; however, the WikibaseClient service wiring
    for EntitySourceAndTypeDefinitions can’t parse the “api” entity source
    type yet (only the corresponding repo wiring supports it), so for now we
    filter out non-“db” entity sources.
    
    This is a prerequisite for removing the entityNamespaces setting from
    the repo (we can’t remove it there while client still tries to copy it
    for its own config).
    
    The default itemAndPropertySourceName is also changed to read the source
    name from the repo local entity source (if the wiki is also a repo),
    since the copied entitySources may not include a 'local' source.
    (Without this, EntityHandlerTestCase fails, because it configures a
    local 'test' source.)
    
    ClientDefaultsTest is reenabled. It’s been skipped for two and a half
    years – if it’s still flaky after all this time, and the major changes
    of this commit, then we should look into that, and not just hide the
    problem, in my opinion.
    
    Bug: T285471
    Change-Id: I4243d2a00d4ec9ebf5db5d70d8589f219649a92c

---
## [colo6299/excessive-chainsaw](https://github.com/colo6299/excessive-chainsaw)@[b72c1168a9...](https://github.com/colo6299/excessive-chainsaw/commit/b72c1168a9aff891c79e27a8aff5aa6be40de86a)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 14:06:56 by colo6299

do the exact same thing as the last one

I hate my life

---
## [JoaquimEsteves/Misc-Scripts](https://github.com/JoaquimEsteves/Misc-Scripts)@[b6be052077...](https://github.com/JoaquimEsteves/Misc-Scripts/commit/b6be05207771bcaee7ed81840c7bcbf3389f2506)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 14:40:40 by Joaquim Esteves

✨New Scripts!

git-resolve-conflicts.sh is a fucking godsend my friends

make_ogg_file was just a silly thing I did

---
## [Tymaeus/higurashi-console-arcs](https://github.com/Tymaeus/higurashi-console-arcs)@[9ed9c4d649...](https://github.com/Tymaeus/higurashi-console-arcs/commit/9ed9c4d64916faf1420476ef1737d0c766370547)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 15:32:55 by Tymaeus

Translation

This concludes the Kotohogushi translation, as well as my part in it. I will leave the editing and everything else up to you.

Translation notes:
I chose to refer to Hanyuu when she's being described as a "demon" as an "it" instead of a "her" to both emphasize that this isn't the Hanyuu we know, and to help differentiate her from Ouka in the narration.

Lines 3279-3609 contain lines both verbatim and paraphrased from lines 1467-1592 of Matsuribayashi 11 (matsu_011). The verbatim lines had their TLs copied from the official TL of Matsuribayashi, while the paraphrased lines are modified versions of the same lines.

There are voice-only lines from Hanyuu and Ouka from lines 3784-3802 not featured in the scripting. Since these lines are in Ryuunish to begin with, I do not believe it is necessary to "translate" them.


Kotohogushi ED ending scroll TL:
...After this tragedy,
Ouka Furude was revered in Onigafuchi Village
as the savior who slayed the rampaging demon that attacked the village and killed many.

It is said that the feudal lord, fearing the fury of the demon's wrath would fall upon him,
made no further excess demands of the village.
Furthermore, he entrusted the right to rule the village to the Sonozaki and Kimiyoshi families,
and took up a nonintervention stance as the village functioned as an autonomous settlement.

As a result, the Three Families gained even more influence in the village,
and due to the divine wrath they'd experienced firsthand,
the villagers were all firmly bonded by their belief in Oyashiro-sama.

...And, to ensure demons would never rise again,
Ouka Furude offered up the precious sword that had felled the demon to Onigafuchi Swamp.
The branching blade, bared and hardened with demon blood,
came to later be known as the "Onigari-no-ryuuou".

Every year afterwards, a festival was started under the initiative of the Three Families,
named "Watanagashi", where offerings were drifted down the river to purify the slain demon's grudge.
Later, these offerings would be changed into something harmless and amicable in the form of futon cotton.
(However, no documents remain regarding who proposed this change)

...However, these are all merely conjectures that have been formulated based on a series of ancient documents.
Furthermore, the most prominent documents were lost to fire, 
and is debated amongst experts due to its heavy reliance on heresay.

Therefore, the true history remains unsolved to this day,
and rides on the results of future archaeological research...

---
## [callvicky289/callgirlsinmahipalpurdelhi9999211002](https://github.com/callvicky289/callgirlsinmahipalpurdelhi9999211002)@[a639581cd5...](https://github.com/callvicky289/callgirlsinmahipalpurdelhi9999211002/commit/a639581cd5eb942f8db50341c8df2e73cd509f31)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 15:43:21 by callvicky289

Create README.md

Call Vicky 8448079011 CALL GIRLS & ESCORT SERVICE IN DELHI

Get The Real Taste Of Life With Delhi Escort Service Escort service has been very common in Delhi from last many years. As because all over the world, tourists come to the place and able to get the service, which makes their tour even more exciting and entertaining. As a result, escort service in Delhi in high demand nowadays. There is a number of reasons why people come over here to avail the service. In India, whether it is a rural area or urban area, you will get escort service everywhere. People take this service sportingly. They do not feel shy or awkward to talk about it.

       Why Delhi is famous for escort service

Call girls in Delhi are bold and sexy. If you compare the escort girls of Delhi with another city, these girls are sassier and more seductive. They know their job very well. Every year thousands of tourists come to Delhi to see all the historical places, and when they get back to hotels and feel tired, these escort girls satisfy them fully. You can find different types of escorts. From teenage to middle age. Delhi call girls are erotic and sensual. We can bet you cannot resist your temptation once you see those hot chicks. They are nothing less than a Bollywood actress. 8448079011

               Types of escort service

Once upon a time when people meet their sexual desire with sex workers. They can satisfy you physically only. But now people want to Delhi escort service more as because, they will provide you company throughout the whole day. Even you can take them on a business trip or party. They become glamour of those parties. They mainly attend the top-notch luxurious business parties. If you are new to avail the service, you should know some necessary details of this service. Like the types, rates, etc. Two types of Delhi escorts service are there, incall escort service and outcall escort service.

Incall escort service- in this service, the client needs to visit the escort’s place. Outcall service- In the outcall service you can take the escort to your place. That place can be your home or hotels, or any other places.

              Rates of escorts 8448079011

The rate depends on two things. One, for how many hours you hire the escorts, what type of escorts you are hiring. Also, places matter. In urban areas the charges are high; if you go to rural area rates are a little bit low. Especially if you hire high profile call girls in Delhi they will charge you more. Because they are not the general type. They are high profile escorts in Delhi. Almost every escort are educated and belong to a good background. They are not just sex workers; they are entertainers. They can talk to you for hours. Will share their journey and also listen to you as well.

---
## [measurement-factory/squid](https://github.com/measurement-factory/squid)@[c229ea4d43...](https://github.com/measurement-factory/squid/commit/c229ea4d4393c4666eea46ae14beb412f8cb6cf6)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 17:40:44 by Alex Rousskov

fixup: Removed excessive branch-added wait cancellations

The swanSong() method does not need to remember to cancel waits. That
will happen automatically upon imminent job destruction.

Adaptation::Icap::Xaction::noteCommClosed() does not need to remember to
cancel encryption wait because the encryptor will see the same
connection closure notification. The Xaction object should not even have
the connection closure handler while another job is negotiating TLS, but
that is one of the problems I hope we do not have to fix now.

Also added nasty XXXs. This old code needs some love, but fixing these
old problems is far from trivial and is outside this branch scope.

Also reduced master diff a little.

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[bc18d4e7f5...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/bc18d4e7f5a589c14568fbcfd73c8b0e9d88fff9)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 18:45:56 by Kylerace

fixes hyperspace connect_loc_behalf bug (#60231)

turns out my move_stacks var doesnt work asynchronously since this bug made things with connect_loc_behalf runtime on every movement unless you somehow moved it back to the transit turf and off without it doing the runtime special.

(The sleep and hell the whole bit of code in space/Entered was unneeded, since it just happens normally as a part of move. Life is pain) -Lemon

also does misc code improvements i found while investigating ANOTHER c_l_b bug with stacks i found while testing this one, which i did NOT manage to fix unfortunately

---
## [ToolReaz/mc-node-srv](https://github.com/ToolReaz/mc-node-srv)@[73b49bbd49...](https://github.com/ToolReaz/mc-node-srv/commit/73b49bbd49ce1de86a991f4ac46f678874321791)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 18:54:39 by ToolReaz

Fuck this stupid minecraft protocol, mojang dev sucks a lot;

---
## [LeptoFlare/cq-overlay-controls](https://github.com/LeptoFlare/cq-overlay-controls)@[92408dacc3...](https://github.com/LeptoFlare/cq-overlay-controls/commit/92408dacc3f8ded82b48860f2019aae07dd561da)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 20:51:12 by LeptoFlare

create overrides.css
I hate material ui so much i'm never using a prebuilt ui library ever again why the fuck do they make overrides such a pain all the time

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[e62c379e42...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/e62c379e42e4a2c3d0a2507435d15838f8814fe9)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 22:06:22 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 7/16/2021 10:00:00 PM

 1. Added: I Love Elixir
    (https://matteing.com/i-love-elixir/)
 2. Added: Servers are like babies - tips for being on call
    (https://tellspin.app/blog/servers-are-like-babies-tips-for-being-on-call/)
 3. Added: Probability as a Mental Model is Bullshit
    (https://crispychicken.cc/2021/02/12/probability-as-a-mental-model-is-bullshit/)
 4. Added: 16 things you didn't know about Kube APIs and CRDs | Evan Cordell
    (https://evancordell.com/posts/kube-apis-crds/)
 5. Added: Reality Belongs to You
    (https://spacelutt.com/reality)
 6. Added: Centering a tooltip
    (https://www.argpar.se/posts/javascript/centering-tooltip)
 7. Added: Focusing on Blue - 10 Projects
    (https://calebkruse.com/10-projects/seeing-blue/)
 8. Added: I Rejected a Job Because They Had No Team Cohesion
    (https://watermelon.tools/resources/2021/07/15/i-rejected-a-job.html)
 9. Added: Don't Solve Problems, Eliminate Them
    (https://kentcdodds.com/blog/don-t-solve-problems-eliminate-them/)
10. Added: "How to Kill Bitcoin: A Guide for Governments"
    (https://blog.ownlifeful.com/2021/07/how-to-kill-bitcoin-guide-for.html)
11. Added: Famous Speeches: A List of the Greatest Speeches of All-Time
    (https://jamesclear.com/great-speeches)
12. Added: Build a web app with Blazor - Learn
    (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/build-blazor-webassembly-visual-studio-code/)
13. Added: Day 0
    (https://www.saleh.digital/post/day-0)

Generation took: 00:06:12.6073538
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---
## [BurgerLUA/burgerstation](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation)@[faae025f0d...](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation/commit/faae025f0d0f214300e7b1e792c9e2c150d660c9)
#### Friday 2021-07-16 22:44:47 by !Moltov!

Station tweaks (#299)

* QOL shit 1

This does a lot...
- Adds chests to almost all ruins
- Makes the mining drop pod good again
- removes errors from the rev compound
- Makes TC a contract reward (bosses only) ((The description doesnt properly say rewards.... sad!))
- Adds more enemies to Deep jungle
- Adds IRF scanners to the lower side of the station
If ***anything*** is broken, sorry. Shit looks good on a private server. Test the shit out of it, you have time since Byond is down.
- Drip now drops from the gobbo king very rarely.

* Mob spawn fix, loot in boss zones

Makes mobs spawn while still having trees and such around them on level 2.
Puts chests in the leaper's base

* Map tweaks

- Adds departmental pets
- Fixes up Mr. Scratch's office
- Three basic Mystery crates are available to purchase from the goblin merchant via tables in his room.
- A tiny arcade was added along with a prize vendor and random vendor.
- Empty spots in maint now have loot where there wasn't any before.

* Mining bay changes

- Changes the mining bay a bit
- Makes the mining bag not cost -1 coins
- Balances price of the (currently inactive) Bluespace mining bag

---

# [<](2021-07-15.md) 2021-07-16 [>](2021-07-17.md)

