# [<](2021-10-06.md) 2021-10-07 [>](2021-10-08.md)

1,032,846 events, 590,171 push events, 908,331 commit messages, 70,425,856 characters


## [tailscale/pam](https://github.com/tailscale/pam)@[fe050477b5...](https://github.com/tailscale/pam/commit/fe050477b58487deff454ae4be75ea2b5725b7e4)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 02:09:20 by Christine Dodrill

big refactor, start trying to make a pam module

This refactors damn near everything to use separate crates, including
putting the main auth logic into a crate so that it can be called
from `tp-exec` (a pam_exec shim that we can ship for platforms we
can't build dynamic binaries for) and pam itself. This also adds the
boilerplate for a proper pam module.

The big annoying part about this pam module is that they don't seem to
have the pam_getenvlist function implemented for "dear god this is
totally unsafe" kinds of reasons. However I think I have a way to at
least mitigate a lot of the danger.

Signed-off-by: Christine Dodrill <xe@tailscale.com>

---
## [V0lk3n/codedamn-hacktoberfest-projects](https://github.com/V0lk3n/codedamn-hacktoberfest-projects)@[42146e6c63...](https://github.com/V0lk3n/codedamn-hacktoberfest-projects/commit/42146e6c6349dc3e62316526ff8ee2512a6c6f56)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 02:11:27 by Volken

Adding my Submission for Hacktoberfest

Be fair haha im really noob with HTML CSS, i've google a lot.. xD

But thanks for this experience, i will look to make the Slack clone too (but not counting for hacktoberfest), i really enjoyed doing this one, and i think i will make it again to rework the smartphone version that i was too noob to create.

Thanks for this experience!

---
## [klorpa/Noxico](https://github.com/klorpa/Noxico)@[8f7a1f22a1...](https://github.com/klorpa/Noxico/commit/8f7a1f22a179cf3ce0569864f420bc350f78e7d3)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 02:50:26 by Kawa-oneechan

Fix camera centering for smaller boards

Am I shit at math? Definitely.
Does the border make it look like Megazeux? Hell yeah.

---
## [bevinart/Spotify-Organizer](https://github.com/bevinart/Spotify-Organizer)@[f5efe89ea5...](https://github.com/bevinart/Spotify-Organizer/commit/f5efe89ea5e6a2a89b8daa8dbc44967492593801)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 03:17:12 by Primitive

fuck you

get fuckin pranked itiot. now get yo BUM. ASS. outta my repo.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[c8684800ba...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/c8684800baad4355e005efcadac6ac96556f4abf)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 05:55:11 by LemonInTheDark

Removes dead code in techwebs, alongside some truly evil macros (#61936)

fuck you kevin

---
## [WireGuard/wireguard-nt](https://github.com/WireGuard/wireguard-nt)@[0956376300...](https://github.com/WireGuard/wireguard-nt/commit/09563763007f0d778d49f9ba200ee464d16bf383)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 06:33:30 by Jason A. Donenfeld

api: adapter: replace INF Include/Needs hack with race loop

Apparently breaking the guarantee of "Universal INF"s in spirit receives
the big tsk tsk, so this commit comes up with yet another way to set
SuggestedInstanceId.

We create an SwDevice, then destroy it, and then set the
SuggestedInstanceId key for the created instance. In case NetSetup got
to run and actually assigned a NetCfgInstanceId, we also delete that
key, so it gets created again from SuggestedInstanceId. Then, we create
the SwDevice again, and this time it picks up the SuggestedInstanceId.
Ideally, NetSetup never gets very far, because we race on the instance
being created, but destroy the SwDevice extra fast. But if it does get
far, that's a bit ugly but not a problem because we clean up
NetCfgInstanceId (and hopefully it's not a problem for NLA signature
accumulation). In basically all cases I can see, however, the
destruction happens before NetSetup even has a chance to run, and so
things work as planned.

This is too ugly for my tastes, and I'd like a better way of doing this
that doesn't require two SwDevices.

Signed-off-by: Jason A. Donenfeld <Jason@zx2c4.com>

---
## [AnggaR96s/kernel_xiaomi_joyeuse-1](https://github.com/AnggaR96s/kernel_xiaomi_joyeuse-1)@[11899195c5...](https://github.com/AnggaR96s/kernel_xiaomi_joyeuse-1/commit/11899195c5a617afe49933c247dc6320cdc68f01)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 15:00:45 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Change-Id: I41a3e385e23541a26b37492a0b60b7faf6ff0613
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Panchajanya1999 <panchajanya@azure-dev.live>
Signed-off-by: Angga <angga@linuxmail.org>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[0525e35162...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0525e351627c3dc64881aa0cbca0badc5f0abbb5)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 20:44:29 by Marko Grdinić

"9:45pm. https://youtu.be/44HBr8O-kPk?t=404

I've just realized that the guy was using Photoshop. Take a look at the top left corner. Visually PS and AI looked so similar that it never occurred to me to actually check what program he is using. I just assumed it was the Illustrator. That settles that mystery. I'll have to go for freeform gradients, I can't just blend colors like the dude did. Well, actually, it might be possible if I make a cutout of the surounding layer and blend that instead. But the actual gradient tools would be more ergonomic.

Freeform gradients are a wonderful thing so I should use them.

That settles one mystery.

9:50pm. Tomorrow I will watch a few more videos and then get cracking. Apart from not really knowing how to combine different artworks into something unique - so far I've only seen traced portraits, it bothers me that I only have two tracks composed in my head. They caught my attention and I want to create them, but I'll need more. At least a dozen or two.

10:05pm. This is a bit fun. I've figured out the third one. I was trying to figure out something to represent transcendence, but nothing is coming to me. It is too nebulous as a concept, and I can't associate a melody to it.

Even though it was by accident, I figured out the Violence track.

So far I have Boredom (At School), Doom (For NPCs) and (Transcendent) Violence.

It is really coming together well in my mind. This is really a new experience for me, if I was just my old self doing just writing I would never have reached this level. I would have just languished where I was before.

There is power in attempting to what was thought to be beyond one's grasp.

10:10pm. This could turn out really well.

The Boredom track especially will be very catchy. In fact the whole school sequences will give a voice to a feeling never ellucidated before. I think just the intro being done properly will grasp the hearts of those who play it.

Yeah, the ingredients are all there to create a roaring flame that will lift me higher in my air baloon, but it is still up to luck. That is the nature of the market. To ensure the success of the game, I must never indulge. This time I'll be a pro from start to finish.

10:20pm. I am actually having a lot of fun listening to Boredom track in my mind. The only thing I feel towards it is longing.

10:40pm. Maybe longing is what should be the motif of the Transcendence song. (Longing For) Transcendence.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/q2u2kx/d_paper_explained_grokking_generalization_beyond/

Let me take a look at this. After that I'll watch slime.

I've played Vigil: Longest Night for a while, but its gameplay is not that good. It's artwork is well done, but that is it."

---
## [cideM/metaplex](https://github.com/cideM/metaplex)@[d601fdba5a...](https://github.com/cideM/metaplex/commit/d601fdba5aa06a2058d1ca18ae75a6efb445fcb8)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 21:00:35 by Florian Beeres

remove useless shit

every JS developer who pulls in anything that tries to build node-gyp on
my machine needs to die a horrible, agonizing, slow death

---
## [zjdtmkhzt/goonstation](https://github.com/zjdtmkhzt/goonstation)@[fc3527652a...](https://github.com/zjdtmkhzt/goonstation/commit/fc3527652a369a0f4cb7be52a468f35824039a7d)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 22:16:16 by zjdtmkhzt

fuck you byond fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you

---
## [GeneFerneau/bitcoin](https://github.com/GeneFerneau/bitcoin)@[e7441a6a45...](https://github.com/GeneFerneau/bitcoin/commit/e7441a6a458340daabaccfe0a66eb2ec1e9df0b8)
#### Thursday 2021-10-07 22:34:17 by fanquake

Merge bitcoin/bitcoin#21711: guix: Add full installation and usage documentation

fac4814106c796b8786dd90053513cc35142dfe5 doc/release-process: Add torrent creation details (Carl Dong)
5d24cc3d82dad6812f8370c3ccc7c2b5a6c12c11 guix/INSTALL: Guix installs init scripts in libdir (Carl Dong)
5da2ee49d5b44de803b671aedbdd14e5c1d71ea9 guix/INSTALL: Add coreutils/inotify-dir-recreate troubleshooting (Carl Dong)
318c60700b7bbb7ec09a29bf037e7c2787646be6 guix: Adapt release-process.md to new Guix process (Carl Dong)
fcab35b2292f9221eaba521740e8b3b2511a8b78 guix-attest: Produce and sign normalized documents (Carl Dong)
c2541fd0ca99481a5a792a8f2772925d64fb0491 guix: Overhaul README (Carl Dong)
46ce6ce3782dfbd8f9d26dc2ba0f284755e75f2d tree-wide: Rename gitian-keys to builder-keys (Carl Dong)
fc4f8449f34e32b0b9ac9d218d6c3264b02467ba guix: Update various check_tools lists (Carl Dong)
263220a85c1df218431fafbda07c8b23ccc4ce4d guix: Check for a sane services database (Carl Dong)

Pull request description:

  Based on: #21462

  Keeping the README in one file so that it's easy to search through. Will add more jumping links later so navigation is easier.

  Current TODOs:
  - [x] Shell installer option: prompt user to re-login for `/etc/profile.d` entry to be picked up
  - [x] Binary tarball option: prompt user to create `/etc/profile.d` entry and re-login
  - [x] Fanquake docker option: complete section
  - [x] Arch Linux AUR option: prompt to start `guix-daemon-latest` unit after finishing "optional setup" section
  - [x] Building from source option: Insert dependency tree diagram that I made
  - [x] Building from source option: redo sectioning, kind of a mess right now
  - [x] Optional setup: make clear which parts are only needed if building from source
  - [x] Workaround 1 for GnuTLS: perhaps mention how to remove Guix build farm's key
  - [x] Overall (after everything): Make the links work.

  Note to self: wherever possible, tell user how to check that something is true rather than branching by installation option.

ACKs for top commit:
  fanquake:
    ACK fac4814106c796b8786dd90053513cc35142dfe5 - going to go ahead and merge this now. It's a lot of documentation, and could probably be nit-picked / improved further, however, that can continue over the next few weeks. I'm sure more (backportable) improvements / clarifications will be made while we progress through RCs towards a new release.

Tree-SHA512: dc46c0ecdfc67c7c7743ca26e4a603eb3f54adbf81be2f4c1f4c20577ebb84b5250b9c9ec89c0e9860337ab1c7cff94d7963c603287267deecfe1cd987fa070a

---

# [<](2021-10-06.md) 2021-10-07 [>](2021-10-08.md)

