# [<](2021-05-23.md) 2021-05-24 [>](2021-05-25.md)

3,106,740 events, 1,473,086 push events, 2,375,063 commit messages, 170,542,726 characters


## [Hexstream/www.hexstreamsoft.com](https://github.com/Hexstream/www.hexstreamsoft.com)@[4c2b6e6ab4...](https://github.com/Hexstream/www.hexstreamsoft.com/commit/4c2b6e6ab4424aa50b4fd1b02f6191216fe9f4eb)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 03:31:22 by Jean-Philippe Paradis

I lost interest in the phoe shit. I don't have time to fight his stupid bullshit.

---
## [tooncommunity/Cs-Go-Hammer-Source](https://github.com/tooncommunity/Cs-Go-Hammer-Source)@[60cc990d61...](https://github.com/tooncommunity/Cs-Go-Hammer-Source/commit/60cc990d61750b4e88890f88d1f111697006c09b)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 06:36:19 by tooncheats

NewUpdate

🔥 Hammer CS:GO Hacks Vac Undetedec

A few CS:GO hacks made with the classic "write memory" logic. Most of its features are adjustable and will be constantly updated.
You can download executable from here.

✨ Features
🎯 Aim Lock
🔈 Silent Aim
🐇 Bunny Hop
🌠 Glow Hack
🎆 Charm Hack
✨ No Flash
🗺️ Radar Positions
🔫 Trigger Bot
🥽 FOV
🐱‍👤 Anti Recoil
🏆 Rank Revealer
🎀 Skin changer (For some reason skin changer is not working, will be fixed soon!)
🎈 Starting Hacks
Edit config.yaml (The settings it contains are recommended settings.)
Edit skins.txt (For some reason skin changer is not working)
Run CS:GO
Run hammer.exe
🔧 Known Bugs
When the Skin Changer is on, other hacks not working.
🛑 VAC
I have been using the cheat aggressively since 10.01.2021 and I haven't had a VAC ban yet. However, my friend showed more than me and get reports of about 10 people at the same time and he was banned. As you can see, the CS:GO cheat protection system is quite simple but brutal. Nevertheless, use it at the risk of VAC banning. I do not accept any liability if you are VAC banned. Use at your own risk.

🧨 Build your own instance
I recommend you to use my builds in the Releases section, but you can also create your own ".exe" file by following the steps below.

Download repository files
Run pip intall -r requirements.txt
Run python build.py
Follow starting instructions
🧛‍♀️ Contributing
Feel free to use GitHub's features. (Don't forget to run python scripts/format.py before creating a PR)

About
🔥 A few CS:GO hacks made with the classic "write memory" logic. Most of its features are adjustable and will be constantly updated.

Topics
python memory csgo py cs-go csgo-cheat csgo-cheats pymem csgo-hack csgo-glow csgo-hacks
Resources
 Readme
License
 GPL-3.0 License
Releases 1
Initial build
Latest
on 1 Apr
Contributors 3
@barbarbar338
barbarbar338 Barış DEMİRCİ
@JIPrettyCool
JIPrettyCool "JI"
@bckd00r
bckd00r bckd00r
Languages
Python
100.0%

---
## [Offersdunia/Agency-Studio-Review](https://github.com/Offersdunia/Agency-Studio-Review)@[28709b429e...](https://github.com/Offersdunia/Agency-Studio-Review/commit/28709b429e548fff4b08c32cafe02aa4f18dd343)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 07:37:12 by Offersdunia

Agency Studio Review

On The Behalf of Agency Studio Elite – Agency Studio has highly effective options to Convert the Previous Boring Movies into extremely partaking Movies utilizing a SECRET STRATEGY recognized solely to online Gurus & Influencers!

And Moreover, This Covrr Studio Helps anyone utilizing Movies to get further consideration, engagement and add as a lot as 500% further gross sales using a straightforward Restore.

  Agency Studio Review – What Is Covrr Studio?

On the behalf of Agency Studio Review – Earn more cash by bagging further freelancing jobs than ever earlier than.

Immediately I’m going to share with you strategies to swipe the important thing that gurus are using to get hundreds of thousands & hundreds of thousands of views on their content material materials again and again whereas your movies are dying on the vine and, how one can take any unusual, boring video and switch it proper into an especially partaking, income pulling video in minutes.

That could be a very highly effective letter you’ll be taught at current. Each single day we’re bombarded with 1000s of video on social media.

  Agency Studio Review – How do you employ it?
Actually, it only takes Four easy steps

STEP 1 – Add your video.
STEP 2 – Choose from a library of lovely, customized construct templates and customise.
STEP 3 – Optionally use the automated captions.
STEP 4 – Share and begin profiting.

---
## [lukasturcani/stk](https://github.com/lukasturcani/stk)@[d797276e6e...](https://github.com/lukasturcani/stk/commit/d797276e6ec1f7c2180d58bd294306d89e30a733)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 11:46:51 by Lukas Turcani

Add test container (#342)

The CI tests now run in a container,
`ghcr.io/lukasturcani/stk-test-environment`. The reason for this is
primarily that we have a flaky test at the moment and ensuring a
consistent environment isolates the possible causes. A secondary cause
is that by having all the pre-requisites for tests installed in a
conatiner already CI speed improves. This speed improvement is pretty
small because the CI was pretty fast already.

The container which is used for testing is created by the Dockerfile
added to `tests/docker/Dockerfile`, and can be created by running
`docker build -t stk-test-environment .` inside the `tests/docker`
folder. The container image has been added to GitHub packages for easy
access.

When tests are run in a container, the MongoDB database can no longer
be accessed on `localhost`. This means that the current tests, both
pytest and doctest, which assume that a database exists on `localhost`
needed to be updated. For the pytest tests, a new option was added so
that the database the tests want to connect to can be configured
through a command line argument
`pytest --mongodb_uri=--mongodb_uri='mongodb://MongoDB:27017/'`. For
doctest tests an environment variable is used to change the URI the
tests want to connect to
`MOCK_MODULES='FALSE' MONGODB_URI='mongodb://MongoDB:27017/'
make -C docs doctest`.

In order to allow pytest tests to easily switch the database to which
they connect, I added a new fixture which reads the new command line
option and initializes a `MongoClient` instance using the URI from the
command line. The tests, and test cases, then rely on this fixture
rather than creating the `MongoClient` instance themselves. One funny
thing is that I introduced a bunch of `CaseDataData` classes, which
have a weird name, but I could not think of a better one. The existing
`CaseData` instances hold a database object, which means that they
need to be constructed using a `MongoClient` instance, because this
is a required parameter to the MongoDB database initializers. However,
the new `MongoClient`instance is a fixture, so I need to be inside
a test or a fixture to have access to it. This means if I am
parametrizing a `CaseData` fixture, I don't have access the
`MongoClient` instance I need to create `CaseData` instances. To get
around this, I've created the `CaseDataData` classes. Instead of
holding the database, they hold a `get_database` function which, when
given the `MongoClient`, creates the database. So now I can parametrize
my fixtures using `CaseDataData`, the fixture itself can depend on the
new `MongoClient` fixture, and the body of parameterized fixture can
create a `CaseData` by combining the `get_database` with the
`MongoClient`. This can be seen in
`tests/databases/molecule/fixtures/molecule_mongo_db.py`.

The implementation of doctest tests was less neat. I'm using an
environment variable to input the URI. I don't know of a better way 
to send options to the doctest tests, but to be honest I did not actually 
look very hard. The test setup replaces the `pymongo.MongoClient`
initializer with a custom function which initializes the `MongoClient`
with the URI provided in the environment variable. The reason for this
is that I want the example to show something like
`pymongo.MongoClient()` but still connect to a custom MongoDB endpoint
rather than `localhost`. By replacing the `pymongo.MongoClient`
initializer with my own in the test setup, I can make
`pymongo.MongoClient()` connect to the URI given in the environment
variable. The teardown for the tests was updated so that the original
`pymongo.MongoClient` initializer is restored after the test is run.

I should note that this commit does not actually fix the flaky test,
but it is a step in the right direction. So I'm going to merge this
and continue looking into it.

---
## [Anjalina05/ML-Machine-Learning-Project-on-Student-Grade-Prediction](https://github.com/Anjalina05/ML-Machine-Learning-Project-on-Student-Grade-Prediction)@[c56d98ea23...](https://github.com/Anjalina05/ML-Machine-Learning-Project-on-Student-Grade-Prediction/commit/c56d98ea239bbccfdfa10c47b26e64afa60f9e69)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 12:35:32 by ANJALINA TIRKEY

CSV file uploaded

There are 33 columns:

school: student's school (binary: 'GP' - Gabriel Pereira or 'MS' - Mousinho da Silveira)

sex: student's sex (binary: 'F' - female or 'M' - male)

age: student's age (numeric: from 15 to 22)

address: student's home address type (binary: 'U' - urban or 'R' - rural)

famsize: family size (binary: 'LE3' - less or equal to 3 or 'GT3' - greater than 3)

Pstatus: parent's cohabitation status (binary: 'T' - living together or 'A' - apart)

Medu: mother's education (numeric: 0 - none, 1 - primary education (4th grade), 2- “ 5th to 9th grade, 3 -“ secondary education or 4 -“ higher education)

Fedu: father's education (numeric: 0 - none, 1 - primary education (4th grade), 2 - “ 5th to 9th grade, 3 - “ secondary education or 4 - “ higher education)

Mjob: mother's job (nominal: 'teacher', 'health' care related, civil 'services' (e.g. administrative or police), 'at_home' or 'other')

Fjob: father's job (nominal: 'teacher', 'health' care related, civil 'services' (e.g. administrative or police), 'at_home' or 'other')

reason: reason to choose this school (nominal: close to 'home', school 'reputation', 'course' preference or 'other')

guardian: student's guardian (nominal: 'mother', 'father' or 'other')

traveltime: home to school travel time (numeric: 1 - <15 min., 2 - 15 to 30 min., 3 - 30 min. to 1 hour, or 4 - >1 hour)

studytime: weekly study time (numeric: 1 - <2 hours, 2 - 2 to 5 hours, 3 - 5 to 10 hours, or 4 - >10 hours)

failures: number of past class failures (numeric: n if 1<=n<3, else 4)

schoolsup: extra educational support (binary: yes or no)

famsup: family educational support (binary: yes or no)

paid: extra paid classes within the course subject (Math or Portuguese) (binary: yes or no)

activities: extra-curricular activities (binary: yes or no)

nursery: attended nursery school (binary: yes or no)

higher: wants to take higher education (binary: yes or no)

internet: Internet access at home (binary: yes or no)

romantic: with a romantic relationship (binary: yes or no)

famrel: quality of family relationships (numeric: from 1 - very bad to 5 - excellent)

freetime: free time after school (numeric: from 1 - very low to 5 - very high)

goout: going out with friends (numeric: from 1 - very low to 5 - very high)

Dalc: workday alcohol consumption (numeric: from 1 - very low to 5 - very high)

Walc: weekend alcohol consumption (numeric: from 1 - very low to 5 - very high)

health: current health status (numeric: from 1 - very bad to 5 - very good)

absences: number of school absences (numeric: from 0 to 93)

G1: first period grade (numeric: from 0 to 20)

G2: second period grade (numeric: from 0 to 20)

G3: final grade (numeric: from 0 to 20)

---
## [hypothesis/lms](https://github.com/hypothesis/lms)@[4745fef8bd...](https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/commit/4745fef8bd999bdd7c1cb15980e6ae8e39d97be4)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 12:54:23 by Sean Hammond

Fix some broken CanvasAPIClient tests

Problem
-------

A bunch of tests in `tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/` aren't
actually testing what they think they're testing. If you break the
`tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api_client/conftest.py::http_session()`
fixture:

diff --git a/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py b/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py
index 984f8113..9cf46dc6 100644
--- a/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py
+++ b/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py
@@ -18,9 +18,7 @@ def http_session(patch):
     session = session()

     def set_response(json_data=None, raw=None, status_code=200):
-        session.send.return_value = factories.requests.Response(
-            json_data=json_data, raw=raw, status_code=status_code
-        )
+        session.send.side_effect = RuntimeError()

     session.set_response = set_response

Then these tests still pass even though they use the `http_session`
fixture which we've now hacked to cause all HTTP requests to crash:

    # This still passes.
    $ tox -q tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py::TestMetaBehavior

What's going wrong, in detail
-----------------------------

The Canvas API client tests deviate from our usual test style in ways
that're creating problems:

1. The amount of code being executed under a single unit test is too
   large. Tests for `CanvasAPIClient` use the real `AuthenticatedClient`
   and `BasicClient`. This makes whats-actually-happening when a given
   unit test much more difficult to trace, and much more likely to
   contain subtle problems, because there's just so much more going on.

   Our usual approach is to unit test one module at a time. The unit
   tests for `foo.py` will mock out any other modules from our own code
   that `foo.py` imports. This means that you can open `foo.py` and
   `foo_test.py` side-by-side in an editor and you have all the code
   that those tests are executing in view (more or less: modulo shared
   fixtures and the like).

   The Canvas API client tests execute the entire `canvas_api_client/`
   directory at once.

2. As a sort of side-effect of (1) when they do need to mock something
   the Canvas API client tests take a different-from-usual approach to
   patching.

   Our normal approach is **patch names within the module being
   tested**. So `foo_test.py` will patch names within `foo.py`. For
   example if `foo.py` did `from lms import bar` then `foo_test.py`
   would patch `"lms.foo.bar"`. `foo_test.py` would _not_ patch
   `"lms.bar.gar"`. This is called "patching at source" and there's a
   very good reason why we don't do it. See this old GitHub comment for
   a detailed explanation:
   https://github.com/hypothesis/via/pull/222#discussion_r469865055
   The Canvas API client tests have essentially the same problem.

**We really want to avoid patching at source**. Patching at source very
easily leads to tests that aren't really testing what they think they're
testing. For example the test will try to set up some method to return a
broken response, but fail to actually set this up correctly. The test
will then assert that the method-under-test handles the broken response
without failing. The method-under-test will succeed, because the broken
response was never actually set up. The test will pass. In fact the
method-under-test could be broken and failing under the intended test
conditions, but the test could be passing anyway since the conditions
aren't actually set up. That is what what happening with the Canvas API
client tests (see below for detailed explanation) and with other
instances of source-patching that we've had.

**These issues are hard to detect and fix**. Source-patching makes it
easy for these kinds of test bugs to creep in, and once in they're
difficult to detect and to fix. Get a whole bunch of these in your test
suite and you have an infestation that can only be fixed by a large
investment of time by a developer who really understands pytest and
mock.

Let's look at one particular unit test in detail to explain what's
happening. We'll look at
`tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py::TestMetaBehavior::test_methods_raise_CanvasAPIServerError_if_the_response_json_has_the_wrong_format`.
What happens:

1. The test depends on the `data_method` fixture, so pytest executes
   this fixture first:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L269

   The `data_method` fixture is defined further down in the same test
   class:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L294-L298

2. The `data_method` fixture depends on the `canvas_api_client` fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L295

   The `canvas_api_client` fixture is defined further down in the same
   test class:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L301-L303

3. The `canvas_api_client` fixture depends on the `authenticated_client` fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L302

   **Unlike our usual test style** the Canvas API client tests have
   their own `conftest.py` file containing shared fixtures. The
   `authenticated_client` fixture is defined in
   `tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py`. Also **unlike our
   usual test style** the `authenticated_client` fixture returns a real
   `AuthenticatedClient` object rather than a mock, even though this is
   a unit test for `CanvasAPIClient` not `AuthenticatedClient`:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L30-L38

4. The `authenticated_client` fixture depends on the `basic_client`
   fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L31

   The `basic_client` fixture is also defined in `conftest.py`. Again,
   **unlike our usual test style** the `basic_client` fixture returns a
   real `BasicClient` object rather than a mock, even though this is a
   unit test for `CanvasAPIClient` not `BasicClient`:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L10-L12

5. So at this point, during pytest's execution of the `data_method`
   fixtures (and the other fixtures that `data_method` depends on
   directly or indirectly), **the `BasicClient` instance has been
   constructed**. `BasicClient.__init__()` constructs a
   `requests.Session` object:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/lms/services/canvas_api/_basic.py#L32-L41

   So at this point `lms.services.canvas_api._basic.Session` has already
   been called, and a real `requests.Session` object has already been
   constructed.

6. Going all the way back up to the actual unit test that's being
   executed (`test_methods_raise_CanvasAPIServerError_if_the_response_json_has_the_wrong_format`),
   the test also depends on the `http_session` fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L269

   `http_session` is defined in `conftest.py`. **Unlike our usual test
   style** the unit tests for `CanvasAPIClient` now patch a name within
   a different module: the `http_session` fixture patches
   `"lms.services.canvas_api._basic.Session"` and sets up a mock HTTP
   response. This is the dreaded patch-at-source:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L15-L27

7. And that's the problem: at this point in the execution of fixtures
   patching `"_basic.Session"` has no effect. As we've already seen in
   step 5 above, `BasicClient()` has already been instantiated and it
   has already called `Session()` and created a real `requests.Session`
   object.  Replacing `Session()` with a mock after `Session()` has
   already been called (and is not going to be called again) does
   nothing. The unit test (and several others like it) is effectively
   not using the `http_session` fixture. When these tests call
   `http_session.set_response({})` or
   `http_session.set_response(raw="[broken json")` these calls **have no
   effect**. The tests are not actually setting up the scenarios that
   they think they are setting up.

Solution
--------

It's a hack, but without a larger rewrite of the Canvas API client tests
the short-term solution is to make the `basic_client` fixture depend on
the `http_session` fixture:

```python
@pytest.fixture
def basic_client(http_session):
    return BasicClient("canvas_host")
```

This means that whenever any test uses `basic_client` pytest will
execute `http_session` _first_ so `http_session`'s patch will execute
_before_ `BasicClient` is instantiated. It's no longer possible for the
`basic_client` fixture to return a `BasicClient` with a real `Session`.

Longer-term: if the Canvas API client tests used our usual approach to
unit testing and patching they wouldn't have this problem. The amount of
code-under-test per test method would also be much smaller making the
tests easier to understand, the tests for different modules would be
more decoupled making refactoring easier, and coverage reporting would
be more useful.

---
## [velreine/currency-converter](https://github.com/velreine/currency-converter)@[ec8ee13b44...](https://github.com/velreine/currency-converter/commit/ec8ee13b4461e04ced6988e408d585c147960aad)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 14:04:02 by Nicky Gottlieb Hansen

Added real fixer api implementation, however i cannot for the love of god figure out why the fuck my onClickListener won't fire to the checkbox event..?

---
## [bphc152/Data-Visualization](https://github.com/bphc152/Data-Visualization)@[5965ce20b4...](https://github.com/bphc152/Data-Visualization/commit/5965ce20b48e45e0730fceaaf92112d2e5f5e469)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 14:46:07 by bphc152

2016 US PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION

The 2016 United States presidential election was the 58th quadrennial presidential election, held on Tuesday, November 8, 2016. In what was considered as one of the greatest political upsets since 1948, the Republican ticket of businessman Donald Trump and Indiana governor Mike Pence defeated the Democratic ticket of former secretary of state Hillary Clinton and U.S. senator from Virginia Tim Kaine. Trump took office as the 45th president, and Pence as the 48th vice president, on January 20, 2017. It was the fifth and most recent presidential election in which the winning candidate lost the popular vote.

Per the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution, incumbent president Barack Obama was ineligible to seek a third term. Clinton defeated self-described democratic socialist Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic primary, and became the first female presidential nominee of a major American political party. Trump emerged as his party's front-runner amidst a wide field of candidates in the Republican primary defeating Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Marco Rubio, and Ohio Governor John Kasich among other candidates. The Libertarian Party nominated former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson, and the Green Party nominated Jill Stein. Trump's right-wing populist nationalist campaign, which promised to "Make America Great Again" and opposed political correctness, illegal immigration, and many United States free-trade agreements garnered extensive free media coverage due to Trump's inflammatory comments. Clinton emphasized her extensive political experience, denounced Trump and many of his supporters as a "basket of deplorables", bigots and extremists, and advocated the expansion of President Obama's policies; racial, LGBT, and women's rights; and inclusive capitalism.

The tone of the general election campaign was widely characterized as divisive and negative. Trump faced controversy over his views on race and immigration, incidents of violence against protestors at his rallies, and numerous sexual misconduct allegations including the Access Hollywood tape. Clinton's popularity and public image were tarnished by concerns about her ethics and trustworthiness, and an FBI investigation of her improper use of a private email server, which received more media coverage than any other topic during the campaign.

Clinton led in almost every nation-wide and swing-state poll, albeit usually by relatively small margins. On Election Day, Trump over-performed his polls, winning several key swing-states, while losing the popular vote by 2.87 million votes. Trump received the majority in the Electoral College and won upset victories in the pivotal Rust Belt region. Ultimately, Trump received 304 electoral votes and Clinton 227, as two faithless electors defected from Trump and five from Clinton. Trump was the first president with neither prior public service nor military experience.

On January 6, 2017, the United States Intelligence Community concluded that the Russian government had interfered in the 2016 elections in order to "undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate Secretary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency." A Special Counsel investigation of alleged collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign began in May 2017 and ended in March 2019. The investigation concluded that Russian interference to favor Trump's candidacy occurred "in sweeping and systematic fashion", but it "did not establish that members of the Trump campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government."

---
## [official-antistasi-community/A3-Antistasi](https://github.com/official-antistasi-community/A3-Antistasi)@[59ac5adff8...](https://github.com/official-antistasi-community/A3-Antistasi/commit/59ac5adff82f23d07146684e5b308d3355cffcfe)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 14:49:55 by Gold John King

Multilingual Support: Completely refactored previous Simplified Chinese translation for vn-development branch (#1939)

## What type of PR is this.
3. [x] Enhancement

### What have you changed and why?
Information:
To be honest, previous Simplified Chinese translation is a really really ugly work.
Although it made the mission finally readable for some Chinese-only people, there are almost misunderstandings and incorrectness everywhere.
This time. I've **totally refactored all the Simplified Chinese translation, making it finally readable and as accurate as I can do**.
Thanks for player xiduola in my clan, he helped translate the UI part.
However, I still see **many strings are not added to stringtable so we cannot provide multilingual support**. I hope developers can help with that.

### Please specify which Issue this PR Resolves.
closes #XXXX

### Please verify the following and ensure all checks are completed.

1. [x] Have you loaded the mission in LAN host?
2. [x] Have you loaded the mission on a dedicated server?

### Is further testing or are further changes required?
1. [x] No

### How can the changes be tested?
Steps: Change the game into Simplified Chinese, restart the game, and start the mission.

********************************************************
Notes:

* Completely refactor previous Simplified Chinese translation

* Replace some Chinese punctuation with English ones

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[ee4c12c45f...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/ee4c12c45fc6911af9c3c7d6a977cad1eb44d762)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 15:32:17 by FlamingLily

[HORRIBLY MODULAR] Surgical Pain (#5899)

* it begins

* all

* pain

* i forgot i personally slogged through the entire goddamn surgery code to clean out those single letter variables

* i need to stop rushing

* Update readme.md

---
## [intel/tdx](https://github.com/intel/tdx)@[4cf484ca9c...](https://github.com/intel/tdx/commit/4cf484ca9c08686e8ed5c3898d38e41abd6a6217)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 17:24:12 by Kirill A. Shutemov

x86/traps: Add #VE support for TDX guest

Virtualization Exceptions (#VE) are delivered to TDX guests due to
specific guest actions which may happen in either user space or the kernel:

 * Specific instructions (WBINVD, for example)
 * Specific MSR accesses
 * Specific CPUID leaf accesses
 * Access to TD-shared memory, which includes MMIO

In the settings that Linux will run in, virtual exceptions are never
generated on accesses to normal, TD-private memory that has been
accepted.

The entry paths do not access TD-shared memory, MMIO regions or use
those specific MSRs, instructions, CPUID leaves that might generate #VE.
In addition, all interrupts including NMIs are blocked by the hardware
starting with #VE delivery until TDGETVEINFO is called.  This eliminates
the chance of a #VE during the syscall gap or paranoid entry paths and
simplifies #VE handling.

After TDGETVEINFO #VE could happen in theory (e.g. through an NMI),
but it is expected not to happen because TDX expects NMIs not to
trigger #VEs. Another case where they could happen is if the #VE
exception panics, but in this case there are no guarantees on anything
anyways.

If a guest kernel action which would normally cause a #VE occurs in the
interrupt-disabled region before TDGETVEINFO, a #DF is delivered to the
guest which will result in an oops (and should eventually be a panic, as
we would like to set panic_on_oops to 1 for TDX guests).

Add basic infrastructure to handle any #VE which occurs in the kernel or
userspace.  Later patches will add handling for specific #VE scenarios.

Convert unhandled #VE's (everything, until later in this series) so that
they appear just like a #GP by calling ve_raise_fault() directly.
ve_raise_fault() is similar to #GP handler and is responsible for
sending SIGSEGV to userspace and cpu die and notifying debuggers and
other die chain users.  

Co-developed-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kirill A. Shutemov <kirill.shutemov@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kuppuswamy Sathyanarayanan <sathyanarayanan.kuppuswamy@linux.intel.com>

---
## [CodaFi/swift](https://github.com/CodaFi/swift)@[4e38487336...](https://github.com/CodaFi/swift/commit/4e384873369416ea96ede963a0016a15345d7605)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 21:13:48 by Robert Widmann

Undo Force Load + Incremental Ban on Darwin Platforms

Gather 'round to hear tell of the saga of autolinking in incremental
mode.

In the beginning, there was Swift code, and there was Objective-C code.
To make one import bind two languages, a twinned Swift module named the same as an
Objective-C module could be imported as an overlay. But all was not
well, for an overlay could be created which had no Swift content, yet
required Swift symbols. And there was much wailing and gnashing of teeth
as loaders everywhere disregarded loading these content-less Swift
libraries.

So, a solution was found - a magical symbol _swift_FORCE_LOAD_$_<MODULE>
that forced the loaders to heed the dependency on a Swift library
regardless of its content. It was a constant with common linkage, and it
was good. But, along came COFF which needed to support autolinking but
had no support for such matters. It did, however, have support for
COMDAT sections into which we placed the symbol. Immediately, a darkness
fell across the land as the windows linker loudly proclaimed it had
discovered a contradiction: "_swift_FORCE_LOAD_$_<MODULE> cannot be
a constant!", it said, gratingly, "for this value requires rebasing."
Undeterred, we switched to a function instead, and the windows linker
happily added a level of indirection to its symbol resolution procedure
and all was right with the world.

But this definition was not all right. In order to support multiple
translation units emitting it, and to prevent the linker from dead
stripping it, Weak ODR linkage was used. Weak ODR linkage has the nasty
side effect of pessimizing load times since the dynamic linker must
assume that loading a later library could produce a more definitive
definition for the symbol.

A compromise was drawn up: To keep load times low, external linkage was
used. To keep the linker from complaining about multiple strong
definitions for the same symbol, the first translation unit in the
module was nominated to recieve the magic symbol. But one final problem
remained:

Incremental builds allow for files to be added or removed during the
build procedure. The placement of the symbol was therefore dependent
entirely upon the order of files passed at the command line. This was no
good, so a decree was set forth that using -autolink-force-load and
-incremental together was a criminal offense.

So we must compromise once more: Return to a symbol with common linkage,
but only on Mach-O targets. Preserve the existing COMDAT-friendly
approach everywhere else.

This concludes our tale.

rdar://77803299

---
## [mosra/magnum](https://github.com/mosra/magnum)@[f44bde98cd...](https://github.com/mosra/magnum/commit/f44bde98cdaa723168ccb30b6f2cc657f3f297ab)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 21:27:38 by Vladimír Vondruš

Shader: ah so this wasn't a Mesa bug, it was my stupidity.

I just put this aside when I discovered the error, thinking it was a
Mesa bug. Now that ARM Mali yelled about the same, I realized it wasn't
just Mesa.

Note to self: Mesa has no bugs. Can you just finally accept that?!

---
## [fieldkit/firmware](https://github.com/fieldkit/firmware)@[97335b6292...](https://github.com/fieldkit/firmware/commit/97335b629222a89d3d69904fc194d26ee4bfa54e)
#### Monday 2021-05-24 23:14:13 by Jacob Lewallen

fix: Increased log verbosity causes networking instability.

Hello future programmer, you may be wondering why this is here and
even be tempted to remove this so you can chase a problem. You will
want to be very careful about this. This is here, because if we log
heavily during periods of high logging activity the WiFi module starts
to experience all kinds of truama. My theory is that the logging gets
in the way of the IRQ handling. I believe you can even exacerbate this
by moving your AP further away so that latencies are higher and IRQs
happen during periods of more intense logging, say when accessing the
file system.

You've been warned.

---

# [<](2021-05-23.md) 2021-05-24 [>](2021-05-25.md)

