# [<](2021-11-24.md) 2021-11-25 [>](2021-11-26.md)

3,043,862 events, 1,661,855 push events, 2,456,642 commit messages, 172,742,167 characters


## [ItzOnlyAnimal/AliuPlugins](https://github.com/ItzOnlyAnimal/AliuPlugins)@[070b45f3d1...](https://github.com/ItzOnlyAnimal/AliuPlugins/commit/070b45f3d1c58d3abe4af692a4c17d647a0e5016)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 01:18:07 by Animal

Revert "gf / guh" - fuck you discord

This reverts commit 5aacc390abdbd9440295ebda5e251ff83b296377.

---
## [ProyectoFlamingo/TheLastFire](https://github.com/ProyectoFlamingo/TheLastFire)@[4e660f950b...](https://github.com/ProyectoFlamingo/TheLastFire/commit/4e660f950b688f4f7f831e217edd0aeab316806c)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 03:33:11 by Lif Gwaethrakindo

Emmm, some failed tests with Overworld's Build for Nintendo Switch (will Nintendo demand me for saying Nintendo? Oh, there goes 3 lawsuits for saying Nintendo, fuck now 4...)

Modified:
 - Some Mateo's Parameters and his class to fix a bug after the jump standing
 - Sword updated, but Trail is still shit
 - etc.

Deleted:
 - Junior Flamingos' TrainingGrounds Scenes, it was all made in vain...

---
## [Leslieghf/Pepro-Additions](https://github.com/Leslieghf/Pepro-Additions)@[02bd48af7a...](https://github.com/Leslieghf/Pepro-Additions/commit/02bd48af7a9499f2d25b95c2bb750bb07802204a)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 03:42:48 by Leslie-John Richardson

Fucking json files 4.0: Revenge of the Blockstate Loader

fuck you

---
## [alphagov/notifications-admin](https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-admin)@[ebcee6759b...](https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-admin/commit/ebcee6759b9801cbe04a3eb185f5d29a6249a4c8)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 09:59:37 by David McDonald

Reduce impact of stale cache for performance page

I came across a bug where the performance page might be visited
on say the 22nd and we expect it to show data for yesterday and
the past 7 days (so the 21st and back 7 days) but instead it
only shows it for the 20th and then back 6 days.

The cause is that we have nightly tasks that run to
calculate the number of notifications sent per service (the
ft_notification_status table)
calculate the number of notifications sent within 10 seconds
(the ft_processing_time table)
Both of these tables get filled between the hours of midnight and
2:30am. The first seems to be filled by about 12:30 every night
whereas the processing stats seems to be filled about 2am every
night.

The admin app currently caches the results of the call to the API
(https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-api/blob/master/app/performance_dashboard/rest.py#L24)
to get this data with the key
performance-stats-{start_date}-to-{end_date}.

Now the issue here is that if the performance page is visited at
00:01 on the 23rd, it will call the API for data on the 22nd and
backwards 7 days. The data it gets at 00:01 will not yet have the
data for the 22nd, it will only go as far as the 21st, because
the overnight jobs to put data in the tables have not run yet. The
admin app then caches this data, meaning that for the rest of the
day the page will be missing data for the 22nd, even though it
becomes available after approx 2am. We have seen it a few times
in production where the performance page has indeed been visited
before say 2 am, leaving the page with missing data.

In terms of solutions, there are several potential options.

1. Remove the caching that we do in redis. The downside of this is
that we will hit the API more (currently once a day for the first
visitor to the performance page). We have had 255 requests
to the performance page in the last week and when there is no value
in redis, the call to the API takes approximately 1-2 seconds.
Removing the caching would against why the caching was originally
added which was to act as a basic protection against malicious
DOS attempts.

2. Make the admin app only set the cache value if it is after
2:30am. This one feels a bit gross and snowflakey.

3. The API flushes the redis cache after it has finished its nightly
tasks. We don't have that much precedent of the API interacting
with redis, it is mostly the admin app that does but this is still
a valid option.

4. Cache in redis the data for 2 days ago to 7 days ago and then
get the data for yesterday freshly every time. This would mean
some things are still cached but the smallest bit that we can't rely
on can be gathered fresh.

5. Remove the caching we do in redis but then try and optimise the
API endpoint to return results even faster and with less
interaction with the DB. My hypothesis is that the slowest part
is where the API has to calculate how many notifications Notify
has ever sent
(https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-api/blob/master/app/performance_dashboard/rest.py#L36)
and so we could potentially try and store these totals in the DB
every night and update them nightly rather than having to query all
the data in the table to figure them out every time.

6. Reduce the expiry time of the cache key so although the bug will
still exist, it will only exist for a much shorter time.

In the end, we've gone for option 6. The user impact of
this bug sticking around for an hour is minimal, in particular
because that would be in the early hours of the morning. The solution
is also quick to implement and keeps the protection against a DOS attack.

The value of 1 hour for expiry was a fairly abitrary choice, it could
have been as little as 1 minute or as much as 6 hours.

---
## [open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk](https://github.com/open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk)@[013409d237...](https://github.com/open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk/commit/013409d2376bb472683184acdd664176fb1ee10a)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 11:07:46 by Sergei Maertens

:bug: Remove submission data prop and instead use event handler

Setting the submission data as prop was used to process backend data
loading events declaratively (navigating between steps, logic
evaluation...). However, because the prop changed, this caused FormIO
to re-render too aggressively, breaking the cursor position and leading
to a frustrating experience while filling out non-standard fields (
such as time field, currency field...).

This has been removed, and we now sync the FormIO state on backend
data updates (initial step data loading, logic updates...). This
makes the form less jittery and more user-friendly.

Fixes open-formulieren/open-forms#876
Fixes open-formulieren/open-forms#878

Breaks ??? (<- we will find out...)

---
## [merpinped/MeraPineiroPedroProyectoPMDM](https://github.com/merpinped/MeraPineiroPedroProyectoPMDM)@[25f02fa689...](https://github.com/merpinped/MeraPineiroPedroProyectoPMDM/commit/25f02fa689fc823ece97df9ea09931406850177e)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 11:29:03 by merpinped

Makin' my way downtown
Walkin' fast, faces pass
And I'm homebound
Starin' blankly ahead
Just makin' my way
Makin' a way through the crowd

[Pre-Chorus 1]
And I need you
And I miss you
And now I wonder

[Chorus]
If I could fall into the sky
Do you think time would pass me by?
'Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles
If I could just see you
Tonight

[Verse 2]
It's always times like these when I think of you
And I wonder if you ever think of me
'Cause everything's so wrong, and I don't belong
Livin' in your precious memory
[Pre-Chorus 2]
'Cause I'll need you
And I'll miss you
And now I wonder

[Chorus]
If I could fall into the sky
Do you think time would pass me by?
Oh, 'cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles
If I could just see you
Tonight

[Bridge]
I, I don't wanna let you know
I, I drown in your memory
I, I don't wanna let this go
I, I don't

[Verse 1 (Reprise)]
Makin' my way downtown
Walkin' fast, faces pass
And I'm homebound
Starin' blankly ahead
Just makin' my way
Makin' a way through the crowd
[Pre-Chorus 3]
And I still need you
I still miss you
And now I wonder

[Chorus]
If I could fall into the sky
Do you think time would pass us by?
'Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles
If I could just see you, oh-oh
If I could fall into the sky
Do you think time would pass me by?
'Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles
If I could just see you
If I could just hold you
Tonight

---
## [treecreate/webstore](https://github.com/treecreate/webstore)@[cea8ce3d52...](https://github.com/treecreate/webstore/commit/cea8ce3d52d8021606708a6544e58aeb2ccb6474)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 13:01:46 by IroniX2

ci: TC-13 Fix for missing import in update package + dockerbuild

This line is TEMPORARY as soon as he updates his shit we have to remove it: '"@cypress/request":
"2.88.7",' it has vulnerabilities up the ass, but till he updates we have to use it

---
## [Crysteier/Learning-c-sharp-9-and-.net5](https://github.com/Crysteier/Learning-c-sharp-9-and-.net5)@[75e15ed3bd...](https://github.com/Crysteier/Learning-c-sharp-9-and-.net5/commit/75e15ed3bdeb83d0105278e9753f4c8ed4749cb0)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 18:04:20 by Guntel

Commit before before ch. 11

Last commit in english, from now on details and commit messages will be in slovak. Why? Because fuck you thats why.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[3f9e2ea78a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3f9e2ea78a0aeb32e18c6c1f92954e7b37479994)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 18:24:51 by Marko Grdinić

"11:05am. I could have gotten up a lot earlier, but I felt like lounging in bed. It wasn't restful lounging, my stress is sky high. It is all because of that application I did yesterday. Now it is hanging over my head. Though I am on the path to becoming on an artist, I do feel regret that I am not able to cultivate the AI path. My skills are ideally suited for a research engineering role. I wouldn't actually bother looking for companies to apply, but the desperate ML sub post struck a chord with me. Sigh. But now the possibility is hanging over my shoulders and crushing me. What a bother.

It might only be low chance of getting an offer, it is still gets outsized attention from my mind.

11:15am. Let me have some fun. I'll skip the morning session, and do it properly after the break. I need to check out how Flycat did that foot again. I can't believe I got the pose wrong.

1:35pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me start. A heavy feeling is bearing down on me. I want money, but it is not like I need it. Since I do not need it, maybe it is a mistake to compromise at all. Either way it does not matter. This feeling of burden is a good reminder that I am still yet to accomplish anything. I need to keep moving forward. If I can't get an offer that values my programming skills rightly, I'll just cultivate my arts. Either way I'll continue developing. Sitting still is not an option. Let me see how Flycat does the feet again. I'll pay special attention to the overall pose of the foot as well. It seems just two references lead me down the wrong path.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=476

Let me start from here.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=506

Look how perfectly straight they are here. In my own model, I made them drop at an angle so I'd get the right curve when looking at them sideways. Instead doing that I should have added more volume at the instep.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=513

The shape is completely different than my own. I need to be more aggressive in how I do it. My instincts were too timid and pushed towards making the foot flat. Making a mesh on how I feel about a particular body part will only get me so far. It is not an accurate estimate.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=534

Let me pause it here. First I will fix the overall shape. Then I will try making the toes.

First, let me use elastic deform with the twist setting to fix the overall angle. The bottom should be at a flat angle rather than 30 degrees it is now.

2:05pm. I am trying to mark the toe positions using face sets. That will allow me to pull them out cleanly. But I've forgotten how they work. Let me rewatch the tutorial on them again. One thing that keeps occuring to me constantly as I work on the toes is that it might work better if I just forget that the big toe is big and the small toe is small. It feel like trying to correct for the uneveness between them is making me overshoot constantly.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=blender+face+set

https://youtu.be/2wiDu9yU0M8
How to use Sculpt Face Sets?

I really needed this refresher. I forgot almost everything about face sets.

2:20pm. Ok, that taught me a lot, but isn't there a way to clear the face sets?

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/222137/how-to-clear-face-sets
> This turns everything in one single Face Set which is not shown colored:

Ah, I see.

Let me take a short break here.

2:35pm. Let me resume. First let me get the arc of the tip correct again.

2:50pm. Actually, the fact that face sets hide everything else makes things really difficult for me. Isn't there a way to make things translucent.

3:45pm. Shit. They are coming out much the same as last time.

3:50pm. Let me watch it again how he does it.

3:55pm. Let me erase all detail from the toes. I am such a fool in trying to get that indent done correctly, but all that effort succeeds in doing is making sure that every toes has individual differences which I do not want.

My hunch is that the toes I have done are just too small. Which is no wonder. I just pulled them out randomly based on feel. Instead I should have measure thme to be something like radius of the heel. Right now that are half that. Also the gaps between the toes are still too large.

4:45pm. I did the toes, but I accidentally drew a large line across the leg and ruined it. Now I am trying to get it into shape again. Sigh.

5:15pm. FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF!!!

Fuck. I am so filled with rage right now. Let me take a break. I am messing with the leg and once again it feels like it has planes everywhere which makes it look like saggy woman legs.

The biggest problem is the remesher. I need to reconnect the foot to the rest of the body. To do that I'd need to union the objects and remesh. But the toes are so close together that even with extreme resolution it results in those horrid skin folds between them.

5:20pm. Now that I've stepped back a little, I am thinking how the hell did that huge line get drawn? I noticed something strange while pressind the d key. I made shortcut to it for the inflate tool, but it has some other effect. Could it result in active objects being switched directly in sculpt mode?

5:25pm. Well, nevermind the leg. I have the correct model stored in another file, the one where I attempted to do each individual toe as a separate object. I'll import the model from it and do some frankeinsteining.

Let me boot up the Blender again. I need to test the D key's effects.

5:30pm. It is as I suspected. Pressing D does in fact switch the active object in sculpt mode. This is really a great feature. I must have had it hovering over the body while changing brushes to the inflate one. Initially I thought it had something to do with clearing the mask. What is the name of this feature. I can't see it anywhere in the options.

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/183121/how-to-switch-object-in-sculpt-mode/233195

https://youtu.be/Leog6MbGABw?t=4

This mentions the switch object operator.

Ok, I found the shortcut in the preferences. It is called transfer mode.

5:40pm. Ok, let me put that behind me.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Leog6MbGABw
SCULPT MULTIPLE OBJECTS | Blender Today

Let me watch this since I started it.

Being able to switch between multiple objects without having to leave sculpt mode to select another in object mode before going back will make things a lot smoother. It is a great thing to have. I wish I did not discover it like this. I've changed inflate to shift D.

https://youtu.be/Leog6MbGABw?t=48

Wait, wait is that option how much to fade face sets?

Ah, no. It fades the face set, not the rest like I was hoping for.

5:55pm. Now I am reading random twitter crap.

Right, let me think about the remesher instead. I've been focused the entire day so far, I can do a bit more to make up for missing the morning session.

When adding topology like I'll need to for the fingers I really do need to constantly remesh. But doing that will result in those skin folds between the toes coming back. Also the bellybutton will no doubt get filled up.

Sigh, this is ridiculous. Couldn't the remesher not connect disparate areas? Isn't there something better? If it like this, I'd be better just filling up constant detail with dyntopo. Let me play around with the remesher. I want to make sure this is not happening because I have the fix holes option on by accident.

I can't believe this. I remeshed and then saved previously and as a result I have that connecting line between index and mid toe? This happened by accident much like that leg line.

Oh, there are options to preserve masks and face sets in the remesher.

6:10pm. The way DevilPeace showed me to cut those folds using the mask slice and fill is good for getting rid of them. But now I have broken topology and I am going to get the same folds when I try this again.

https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/modeling/modifiers/generate/remesh.html

Lunch time.

6:30pm. I am back. Let me do some research on the remesher. I am leaning towards using dyn topo flood filling right now, but maybe there are addons I do not know about.

Ah right, I forgot about that modifier page.

https://www.reddit.com/r/blenderhelp/comments/i5el28/is_there_a_way_to_remesh_this_without_having_the/

> Blender's "remesh" tools are atrociously horrible and pretty much useless. If you want an automated solution, use Quad Remesher(paid addon with a free 30-day trial). Otherwise, you should do it manually.

6:45pm. Sigh, the detail flood fill did not fix that section I cut out. If I want to fix that I'll need the remesher.

Sigh, I actually quite regret working on the toes now. It gave me no end of trouble. I think what I should have done is maked the toes, used the knife tool to create the indents and then manually do the toes. I wouldn't have to deal with this bullshit in 2d art that is for sure.

Should I just get the trial of the quad remesher?

Should I have saved the toes until I was done with everything else?

6:55pm. Ah, no wait, the flood fill did create triangles in that cut off area. It is just that they are unaturally large compared to the rest.

This is not good though. To get a good result with this foor I need 250k vertices. For comparison the rest of the body only has 28k. Once I do a flood fill, that will probably spike to a million.

Rather than a flood fill, let me try simplifying the rest.

7:05pm. No the simplify tool wrecks everything. I need the quad remesher here. I am just leaving the best solution for last instead of trying it first. But I really wanted to get this done to my satisfaction with the free tools. Maybe Flycat is smart for putting every edge where it should be piece by piece.

7:15pm. Let me close here, these issues have killed my momentum and I am just scratching my head here. There is no good solution to this. Maybe I should have used dyntopo from the start and been careful not let the details get out of hand. Tomorrow, I am going to look at that bunny girl video again. I want to see how Flycat deals with the remeshing issue.

Tomorrow my first goal should be to integrate the feet with the rest of the body. Compared to the reference, my toes look hyper detailed for some reason, but now they aren't unaturally tiny. I can wing them. It is not my sculpting skill that is the issue here. I really regret at this point not starting off with dyntopo. The remesher is a trap that I've fallen into. It would be quite viable if it did not have so many issues. Dyntopo on the other hand gets slow quickly, but it would have allowed me to control the vertex count better. As long as I do not go out of control like the first time I tried it in the head, I should be fine."

---
## [GoldenGarr/VIP-Rep](https://github.com/GoldenGarr/VIP-Rep)@[302e3ca1d9...](https://github.com/GoldenGarr/VIP-Rep/commit/302e3ca1d91a7e6d1512f339a86624e674a0b597)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 18:42:10 by Maxim Tcai

Merge pull request #1 from error404-help/main

Fuck you ^^

---
## [JustLenard/TheOdinProject-FreeCodeCamp-Learning-Projects](https://github.com/JustLenard/TheOdinProject-FreeCodeCamp-Learning-Projects)@[818f881df6...](https://github.com/JustLenard/TheOdinProject-FreeCodeCamp-Learning-Projects/commit/818f881df64327e0ea6b92cfb06b59d0b34eb7bc)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 19:22:34 by Len

I DID ITgit add .git add .! I FUCKING FINALLY DID ITgit add .! Finally managed to implement the god damn minimax alghoritm. It feels like it took me forever. The game is not yet finished  but at least the hard part is done. This is such a FEELS GOOD MAAAAN.

---
## [vr-voyage/vrchat-map-maker](https://github.com/vr-voyage/vrchat-map-maker)@[c062765c15...](https://github.com/vr-voyage/vrchat-map-maker/commit/c062765c1598cd360f2e407d962139d4c31f7a0a)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 20:36:33 by Voyage

With the screenshot save system

This was an idea provided by Lox, a few months ago.

The idea is simple :
* Save the data in a texture
* Make it fullscreen
* Take a photo/screenshot

Then read the resulting image in another software.

Boy... You'd think that the biggest time sink would
be step 1... But it was STEP 2 !
"Make it fullscreen" was such a pain. At first, I went
with an orthographic camera and draw on top of the
player camera (Not the photo camera, the actual user
view).
It worked... until the user started to take a screenshot.
I don't understand how you can draw on top of the camera
the user is holding, without shaders.

Still, I gave the Particle Emitter a try, but no cigar.
It's pretty difficult to make a fullscreen billboard
particle, and the internet is not helping that much.

So, shader it is ! Quite frankly, we're talking about
beginner level of shader.
Make a ([-1,-1],[1,1]) quad, display it on front of
everything.
This is shader basics 101.... That can still fail because
Unity default quad have weird coordinates by default.
UGH.

So I made a quad generator, with user-input coordinates.
Then it worked ! (Still had to do a Y-flip for some reason).

I read back the data in another Unity project and it worked,
so the next step is to write a sample POC "importer" and
showcase it !
I'll also try to write a python script for Blender too, just
to make people realize "It's not only about Unity".

Signed-off-by: Voyage <voyage@miouyouyou.fr>

---
## [CraftiumMC/ServerSigns](https://github.com/CraftiumMC/ServerSigns)@[22a5986e86...](https://github.com/CraftiumMC/ServerSigns/commit/22a5986e8619a71d63f254b3396090ad32dcccdf)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 21:10:07 by Artuto

fuck you, bstats

Also nuke faulty test garbage nobody cares about

---
## [donnaken15/FastGH3](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3)@[99195bd976...](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/commit/99195bd976a8a9d48b75a174d6e5bdaed1a86e6f)
#### Thursday 2021-11-25 23:14:28 by Wesley

all the small things

wow its been three months (because my head is full of unfused hardly lit 
tiny range effective dynamite and procrastination and tiredness), half 
stuff unpublished from then
MAJOR (minor) UPS (for me) (a day ago), REMOVED CHECK IN AWL FOR A 
REGISTRY KEY AND REMOVED THE MASSIVE AD CLIENT (makes venues crash 
though, cheaply nulled functions used with massive funcs)
magically fixed some random error for midi loading on another computer
no fail switch added back, with hud difference when activated
detect multiple chart files in a song package, prompt user for which one 
to play
more efficient FSB building, multitrack encoding is asynchronous and not 
track by track
removed unused dbgq and how it mandatorily loads
logger stuff, patched internal broken debug key printer with new 
function and parsing dbg.pak to get keys, also forgot to mention for 
GH3+ repo, a new function to print qbstructs when called in scripts, 
implemented how i thought it wouldve been
installer sound effect that i wanted to implement forever (lol)
FOUND OUT HOW TO SET TEXTURE ANIMATIONS  (kind of)  (not taken advantage 
of yet)
found exile snuck in IDBs as new as september 2017 in a mediafire folder 
linked in an older video, so there's full examination of the game minus 
a months worth i guess (luckily i saved a little something from him from 
that time)
just learned that there's a repo for the first tony hawk underground 
game's source code, now i wonder how that could be used in GH3+ progress 
(though 4 years of progress missing)
added fret sparks back in, which were hidden because of vsync stuff and 
starpower j#$?
almost was able to optimize guitar startup script 0.8 style, somehow 
removed loading perm_anims in doing so, which apparently cant be done 
normally with a not heavily modified startup script, and found out that 
the game was crashing when starting just because of what i did to this 
back then (most likely because of removing heap calls)
updated own gh3+ repo and added it here as a submodule
found a problem with a rock band DLC midi (@.raphaelgoulart)
todo: make qb settings more portable
MASSIVE(literally) NEXT TODO: DETECT KEYBOARD AUTOMATICALLY
so much more i wanted to write and didnt draft and let github close 
two/three times, and stuff i delayed for another time, and all stuff i 
forgot
i held off sharing anything since october (when i got my PC back) 
because im afraid im missing something and that something will happen on 
another computer that doesnt on mine, but here i am sharing it now, 
without doing full checks again, as if i did anything like that before 
before uploading
also did some charts and had thoughts of a bunch of specific songs to 
chart coming up, and a certain project for that

---

# [<](2021-11-24.md) 2021-11-25 [>](2021-11-26.md)

