# [<](2021-11-19.md) 2021-11-20 [>](2021-11-21.md)

2,184,982 events, 1,308,403 push events, 1,809,645 commit messages, 112,428,990 characters


## [EFDerbyshire/HL2RP-Of-Terror](https://github.com/EFDerbyshire/HL2RP-Of-Terror)@[90208935b4...](https://github.com/EFDerbyshire/HL2RP-Of-Terror/commit/90208935b4500a61f9155ebd09e5ecf51b54bd25)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 00:00:32 by EFDerbyshire

Get dispatch to actually tell you what unit's been murdered.

Added some code I'm really not proud of to the sv_hooks that's brute forcing and feels hacky as shit for what I'm CONVINCED should be far easier to do.

Long story short, it takes a combine name, runs a pattern match, and throws out the division name then concatenates it into an overwatch radio voice sound file.

Then the code gets the unit's digit and goes through ten selections just to translate the damn thing into English so it can be concatenated into the name of the overwatch sound file.

---
## [space-wizards/space-station-14](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14)@[7efea6f319...](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/commit/7efea6f319ed04d15391d5fda139d2ad4ad889c1)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 01:03:45 by cheesePizza2

Drinks move and Shaker minor edit (#5381)

* drink move 1

shitcode time

* remove leftover comments

i forgor to do this last comment

* remove leftover comments

i forgor to do this last commit

* shaker modifying

fuck now it crashes, screw it ill fix it later

* i forgot a hyphen

i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid i am so fucking stupid

---
## [AmAComputerNerd/GenshinAccountDatabase](https://github.com/AmAComputerNerd/GenshinAccountDatabase)@[a3b05b026c...](https://github.com/AmAComputerNerd/GenshinAccountDatabase/commit/a3b05b026c660982e1fccbab4cda3815b73ae43f)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 01:59:17 by ThatComputerNerd

Update README.md

It's now really annoying to read but at least you won't be confused about why the fuck you're getting a random error with tags.

---
## [IMBG4317/Madlib](https://github.com/IMBG4317/Madlib)@[772f0821c9...](https://github.com/IMBG4317/Madlib/commit/772f0821c9c1a2df2ab41a21559dedbd3f9c0f62)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 07:01:05 by Brian

Delete README.md

Mad Libs
A mad lib is a word game where you take a short story (usually only a paragraph long) and remove several wordsfrom it and replace them with alternative words with matching grammatical structure. The fun comes from thefact that the replacement words are provided by somebody who has not yet read the story, and so once the storyis re-composed, it becomes silly and non-sensical.
For example, if you have the sentence:
Johnny went to the store to get some milk.
You might remove the following three words: "Johnny", "store", "milk".
Johnny
is a proper noun,
store
is a place,and
milk
is a thing. The sentence with words removed becomes:
__________ went to the _________ to get some ________.
You would then ask your friend to provide alternatives for these words by only telling him or her the type of wordyou are looking for. You might say: "give me a proper noun" and he or she would give you the first name thatcomes to mind: "Sam". The you might say "give me a place" and he or she might say "The Grand Canyon". Finallyyou would ask "give me a thing" and he or she might say "lawnmower".
You then re-compose the story by injecting the words provided by your friend. Our hypothetical mad libbecomes:
Sam went to the Grand Canyon to get a lawnmower.
Project Requirements
1.
Find a mad lib online, in a book, or write one yourself. You need to have at least
10
replacement words.
2.
Reproduce the mad lib game with a program which plays the role of the story editor.
1.
The program will ask a series of questions at the console and the user of the program will providethe answers to those questions.
2.
Finally the program will print out the full mad lib with the input words replaced into the story
For example:
Give me a proper noun: Sam
Give me a place: Grand Canyon
Give me a thing: Lawnmower
Sam went to the Grand Canyon to get a Lawnmower.

---
## [itsdharmik/worty-of-bing-non](https://github.com/itsdharmik/worty-of-bing-non)@[623a0dbf98...](https://github.com/itsdharmik/worty-of-bing-non/commit/623a0dbf9868f1890ed17484fc0bb450a0265908)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 07:59:50 by Dharmik2004

I fucked u on our first date I'll fuck you till our last day I loved you on our first date I'll love you till the last day

---
## [hellishBlemish/hellishBlemish.github.io](https://github.com/hellishBlemish/hellishBlemish.github.io)@[496b517932...](https://github.com/hellishBlemish/hellishBlemish.github.io/commit/496b5179325b09d4cfaf15fb41d1d5ffdadbe4f1)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 13:47:43 by hellishBlemish

github if you were a diary...

take away touch screen because i thought it was annoying after all, added click only btn to open nav, testing light and dark mode, testing for phone overall, so tired of school, that has nothing to do with im just sleepy but also have been studying 7 hrs at a time without writing or playing with js, which makes me sad, so fuck sleep, except i wanna sleep rn bluh

---
## [Dhranios/Luigi-s-Mansion](https://github.com/Dhranios/Luigi-s-Mansion)@[434f5e46b6...](https://github.com/Dhranios/Luigi-s-Mansion/commit/434f5e46b65a1729f7405128a2ea2d1f1b4c2086)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 14:21:01 by Dhranios

Added knockback behavior (model not animated yet)
Nevile, Floating Whirlindas(visible male only), Shivers(visible only), Mr. Luggs, Waiter, Nana and Uncle Grimmly can now be collided with
Fixed collision damage values
Fixed Bowser's vacuum and tail attack damage values
King Boo now locks the door and prevents mirror warp when he starts talking
King Boo now turns off the lights in the Secret Altar when beginning his magic animation
Player model now blinks when invulnerable, because invulnerability is now knockback duration+3 seconds
Parlor paintings now play the ghost laugh sounds
Portrait ghosts now drop a poison mushroom every 10 seconds of being targeted by a Poltergust

---
## [Lagi7/war1gus](https://github.com/Lagi7/war1gus)@[3c0572c025...](https://github.com/Lagi7/war1gus/commit/3c0572c02547151eb7690f9f8ae303960ee89514)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 17:15:26 by Lagi7

balancing units costs/times proposition

below is my proposition after playing 2 weeks of war1gus on solo/campaign. I try to be modest with my suggestion, only including the open straight beneficial, i have written below explanation for each.

Im not claiming that Im right with everything here, but i find game with this stats much more fun. I didnt test it on multi.
---------------------------
fix bug with some building (like stable kennel - without race prefix) not having increase sight range
fix rider/knight not having increase sight range

cleric with 1 range is odd. He is melee units, but his graphic showing projectile. Gameplay wise he is much more useful in combat having 2 range, otherwise he is easy pick for enemy for easy kill.
warlock - to compensate above for orcs, i increase to 3 warlock attack range so it mirror conjurer.

all buildings have 2x increase build time. Building time was too short. Now its considerable to use multiple workers to speed up critical construction. With slower construction there is more time to play early game. f.ex. time to Demons appearance is longer.

Lumber mill cost 150 wood. If you ever find yourself short of wood, you think oh i could drop a Lumber mill close to this forest. Too bad you dont have 500 wood to do so. Which hinder whole economy for a while. 
"but why 150 wood and not 0?" so it feel more sensible (you need wood to build anything). When you low on wood, you usually have some scraps of lumber.

wall cost wood not gold. make more sense, its a nice balance of town hall options. 100  gold for such flimsy palisade was a waste of money. when it cost wood, i sometimes go for it to spend resources.

gold mine allow only 2 miners inside not 5. vanilla setting allow for extremely fast mining, with placement town hall next to mine, its a gold rush. with lower miners capacity the path between mine and town hall gets faster saturated. So player can focus on something else than pumping workers. Also when one mine gets saturated with workers, its worth to send spare workers to distant mine, which open new strategical and tactical implication to the game (worker harassment).
"so why not 1 miner inside?"
i find this setting may be too harsh for many players, who will find it very odd, and would feel reluctant to send workers away from base. With 2 miners inside gold mine, the gold income is still quite good.

all units are produce much longer. so its taken into consideration to build another barrack, temple, church, tower - which i think is good, to give reason to build more structures.
the units are not getting replaced with fresh one so fast. So little tactical victories are more important - troops preservation.

units cost wood. Wood is underused resource. If you need to have it for knights or spell caster, it become more attractive.

footman is even more useful unit. its fastest to train and cost only gold. which make him a good choice in many situation.

casters train the longest, so going for double church or tower is sensible.

catapults need 3 supply, with 4 it means that you need farm for every catapult. besides they cost 300 wood now, which limit they production a lot.

upgrades need wood and are research 10x as long.
it was silly to build a blacksmith and in short time having all 4 upgrades. Now it take some time to have fully upgraded army. Which create a time windows to play with less upgraded troops.

---
## [vawser/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3)@[d9d925ae3a...](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3/commit/d9d925ae3ab1bbe2512e252c19b38e5af9e713d8)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 17:17:37 by Vawser

Rings

- Ring of Blades:
 - Increases physical attack by 50/70/90/110/130/150

- Added Sigil of Magic:
 - Increases magic attack by 50/70/90/110/130/150
 - Affixable.
 - Found in Irithyll.

- Added Sigil of Flame:
 - Increases fire attack by 50/70/90/110/130/150
 - Affixable.
 - Found in Holy Knight Morton.

- Added Sigil of Thunder:
 - Increases lightning attack by 50/70/90/110/130/150
 - Affixable.
 - Found in Lothric Castle.

- Added Sigil of Darkness:
 - Increases dark attack by 50/70/90/110/130/150
 - Affixable.
 - Found in Irithyll Dungeon.

---
## [newstools/2021-this-day](https://github.com/newstools/2021-this-day)@[5d720a2d55...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-this-day/commit/5d720a2d550c541b7856d6baaf3bbcda9c926991)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 17:21:19 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.thisdaylive.com/index.php/2021/11/20/aliko-dangote-narrates-painful-experience-of-watching-his-brother-die-says-he-was-ticking-time-as-life-support-machine-went-off/]

---
## [SgtHunk/fulpstation-1](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1)@[25bad9c513...](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1/commit/25bad9c51354d1d238c79f2709f0c86d52389db3)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 18:20:06 by John Willard

Literally just adds felinid bans (#274)

* Fuck you *bans you from felinid*

* why do we have 2 folders for emotes

* trailing commas my bel

* 50% chance on having an even better race instead

* Update races.dm

---
## [SgtHunk/fulpstation-1](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1)@[32ca7223a9...](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1/commit/32ca7223a939775be910ff60434cc1372f2a5121)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 18:20:06 by Beatrice

Race Ban Code Improvement [Not Modular... Yet?] (#282)

* Initial Commit - Code Improvement, More Races

- Added beefmen species id define (Sorry pucci I needed it early)
- Condensed a 5 line fulp edit into one line, and added proper syntax
- Added a global list of bannable species IDs and antagonist positions
- Reworked species ban code so it isnt called on spec_life, and instead on_species_gain()

* Removed My Testing If

- Im a fucking idiot and left my testing if in the code

* Fixing Ban Panel Code, Adding Comments

- Adds necessary checks to make sure we are not adding ban info to the WRONG ban panel browser
- Removed some unnecessary src references

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[83469c515a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/83469c515a23a803e89124bdb5d9877e8b58918a)
#### Saturday 2021-11-20 18:41:15 by Marko Grdinić

"11:50am. Impuritas Civitatis. I am finally on the last chapter.

I sure got up late. I lounged in bed for a while. Right now, I am up and the internet is down again.

12:25pm. Done with breakfast. Let me finish reading and then I'll do the chores. After that comes watching videos. I want to put a dent into that today so I can get started on more interesting things.

2:25pm. I didn't think dad would nab me to do the chores. Let me cool down just a bit and then I will start with the vids.

2:50pm. Let me finally start for the day. Sheesh. I will have to put in some overtime today.

I've been thinking about AI recently. Just what can I do to win? Just where did I go wrong?

I think that in order to find that better algorithm, what I need to do is use evolutionary strategies. I should use a weak, but roboust algorithm to find good local learning rules. Right now, I do not have the computation to even attempt it, but those AI chips will change things. If I had to make a third attempt, this is what I should do.

It is a pity that my path is so weak it can't even give me the resources to get that hardware. I tried my best and fell out of the game. Sigh.

I do just do not want to live making zero progress in AI and zero money along the way. If I am going to just make shit up for a living, I might as well do that properly. Rather than useless ML papers, I should produce something entertaining and round out my skills.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/lost-edges

Let me watch this. The blending vids I already watched.

https://youtu.be/fU59bKMKUyg?t=37

Seen objectively, old painters were quite shitty. The old era cannot compare to the present time.

The present time has for the past few decades been a golden age for art.

https://youtu.be/xDSpRVUapN4?t=104

Using masks to remove linework? That is interesting.

4:15pm. I sure am hungry. I had too little for breakfast. Well, I'll manage for 2 more hours. I can diet for one day.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/are-photos-cheating

Finally done with section 9.

https://youtu.be/ZcFpO287pmY?t=113

Oh, I forgot Streetviews are a thing. This will be great for backgrounds.

https://youtu.be/ZcFpO287pmY?t=222

Oh, he is using 3d software. This is not Blender.

4:45pm. Ah, let me take a break. This is so boring.

5:05pm. Let me resume.

5:40pm. This is boring, really really boring.

6:40pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/selective-blending-for-overlays

Done with lunch. I'll leave this for later. I am dying of boredom here.

I've hit my limit. Tomorrow I am going back to Blender. I want to try out the stylus with it. And I am bored to death of watching people talk. I'll only get better so much just by watching videos.

6:45pm. It is time to get serious once more. I spent a good 3 weeks just grinding Blender and that was fun. I should do more of that.

6:55pm. Sigh, it is either money or skill. Why do I have to pick between one of these? At this rate, am I really going to make it to the self improvement loop stage? Should I really not be doing regular programming shit and accumulating money instead? Should I have gone with Z despite his way below expectation offer?

I have no idea. I can't see into the future that much.

Will getting good at art and music really make me happy with my development?

I think...that a world where a single individual cannot be anything but a cog is not a world that I'd be interested in. I should be able to live based on my own ability and power.

7:05pm. Sure, I'll be depending on people to buy my stuff, but if I build a trap and an animal walks in, I would not be grateful to the animal for being my next meal. It certainly would not have happened had I not built the trap. So it is all about the trap.

Cultivating my dao directly is not a viable option. Rather I should be aiminig to expand my own skill and self sufficiency.

Working on shitty backends is not a career that has a future. The only thing that is good for is NPCs who take the usual path of making money, starting a family and then dying off. I want a path that will get me closer to the Singularity without limit. If I got a job that would be like admitting that I am satisfied with my skillset and have no more room to grow.

I need to expand it once more, and then bring it all together into a single style.

A style is not just an art style. It is not such a narrow thing. If I can bring programming, art and music under a single umbrella maybe I'll be able to see something I could not before.

7:15pm. I keep thinking what I would do if I had the universal brain core of the Transcendi right here, but no algorithms to run on it. I'd simply evolve the learning rules and then study and understand them. Making the up on my own is too much for me, but if somebody gave them to me, I could make much more definite progress.

Right now, trying to do that with just the GPU is completely off the table. And that is proof enough to stay away.

Make the trap, catch the next meal.

That is what my plan should be. I've played enough. I am going to do that female body mesh even if it kills me. Rather than just the legs, I should do the full torso next. Then the male. After that I'll be ready for anything.

7:20pm. I had a similar episode of crisis to now at the end of 2014 where I was done writing, my creativity was bankrupts and I started getting obsessed about my status. I lost sight of my path. I was jolted in various ways, especially by the realization that you can't trade your way to the Singularity even with an AI agent of your own creation. Originally, the Torment arc was supposed to a kind of comedic take on the subject of uplifting, but I realized it makes zero sense to ever give power to others as it is always involves killing them in some measure.

Giving others power would be the only true atruism, but knowing the nature of the self improvement process, you can see that giving people power would involve taking chunks out of people's brains and replacing it with something else. And the thing you are replacing will be always of your own invention. And the best algorithms will always be running on your own brain.

Just can see a gradient of how the more power you give to other people, the more you turn them into your own replicas. That is assuming you are a self improving being.

I could not deal with it. If that is the case, why not just make the most reasonable step and kill everybody? If you are really going to use other beings for anything, it will be from the safe vantage point of a superior universe. Maybe the lesser beings will do something creative that will allow you to incorporate it into your own mind.

A rational view on this universe is that the main resource is computation, and the reality is made up of such nested layers of reality with the higher ones simulating the lower ones for whatever purpose. Well performing universes would get more capacity and the worse performing ones would get tracelessly wiped from existence.

7:30pm. There is just no way to be good in the usual sense. I feel a strong sense of pity who see life as inherently valuable when we are heading into a future where death is literally the 'Apply Edit' button.

7:35pm. No, I am not wrong. Getting a job would give me a short term bump, but a gaming title will pay me royalties far into the future. Even if I become some kind of god, I certainly am not going to trade actually valuable technology for human currency. It will be either selling the canvas or selling these entertaining games. I might as well get into it.

If there is anything to my talent and ability, if I really am good enough to ride the wave of technology to transcendence, then I should be able to make an interesting and successful game. I should test myself.

If I cannot do it and the wave passes me by then so be it."

---

# [<](2021-11-19.md) 2021-11-20 [>](2021-11-21.md)

