# [<](2021-12-14.md) 2021-12-15 [>](2021-12-16.md)

3,488,503 events, 1,879,790 push events, 2,818,271 commit messages, 217,537,895 characters


## [MrJamesGaming/FtcRobotController](https://github.com/MrJamesGaming/FtcRobotController)@[215ef54d75...](https://github.com/MrJamesGaming/FtcRobotController/commit/215ef54d75600f7558aa5f3ddef55814c025e11f)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 00:47:20 by ProDCG

According to all known laws of aviation,     there is no way a bee should be able to fly.     Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.     The bee, of course, flies anyway     because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.     Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black.     Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.     Barry! Breakfast is ready!     Ooming!     Hang on a second.     Hello?     - Barry? - Adam?     - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up.     Looking sharp.     Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those.     Sorry. I'm excited.     Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son.     A perfect report card, all B's.     Very proud.     Ma! I got a thing going here.     - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me!     - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye!     Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house!     - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry.     - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation.     Never thought I'd make it.     Three days grade school, three days high school.     Those were awkward.     Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive.     You did come back different.     - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.     - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah.     - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going.     Everybody knows, sting someone, you die.     Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead.     I guess he could have just gotten out of the way.     I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day.     That's why we don't need vacations.     Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances.     - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are!     - Bee-men. - Amen!     Hallelujah!     Students, faculty, distinguished bees,     please welcome Dean Buzzwell.     Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of...     ...9:15.     That concludes our ceremonies.     And begins your career at Honex Industries!     Will we pick ourjob today?     I heard it's just orientation.     Heads up! Here we go.     Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times.     - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary.     Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco     and a part of the Hexagon Group.     This is it!     Wow.     Wow.     We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life     to get to the point where you can work for your whole life.     Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.     Our top-secret formula     is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured     into this soothing sweet syrup     with its distinctive golden glow you know as...     Honey!     - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin!     - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins.     - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we constantly strive     to improve every aspect of bee existence.     These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology.

fucking init i stg

---
## [davidlentsch/CSCI4830-Bookboxd](https://github.com/davidlentsch/CSCI4830-Bookboxd)@[9174b179bd...](https://github.com/davidlentsch/CSCI4830-Bookboxd/commit/9174b179bdae901647861fe883672f95211c22e9)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 03:36:51 by davidlentsch

Fix some formatting and undid the god awful shit that Eclipse is known for

---
## [NegativeKB/Plugin-Framework](https://github.com/NegativeKB/Plugin-Framework)@[3c03ba2bf6...](https://github.com/NegativeKB/Plugin-Framework/commit/3c03ba2bf6adc18b2295227a0d88bdbd1568c416)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 04:24:19 by Negative

Removed NMS spigot repo dependency that screws everything up lol fuck you

---
## [kryptine/mm0](https://github.com/kryptine/mm0)@[6e23f3668e...](https://github.com/kryptine/mm0/commit/6e23f3668ea5439e34a10bc87fed6d19ca9418c2)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 08:04:16 by Mario Carneiro

Codegen, end to end compilation!

This commit adds the codegen pass, which is responsible for taking a
LinkedCode object and actually writing bytes out.
As a result, we are now officially a compiler: we can take in an input
and produce a working ELF executable. (See the `two_plus_two` example,
which is still somewhat verbose because we are generating IR directly
instead of using the language frontend.)

There remains one (big) task ahead: making it a *verifying* compiler,
by generating proofs next to the machine code. We're finally in a
position to start actually implementing this part, and it is the
lynchpin of the whole project, so there are interesting days ahead.

The ELF files being generated are ridiculously small. I will be very
impressed if you can get something similar out of gcc, because you have
to throw away all the irrelevant fluff like "debugging data", "symbols"
and "sections". Obviously useless. But unfortunately a lot of tools seem
to have trouble with such files; objdump refuses to disassemble the code
unless you use an invocation like:

objdump -b binary -m i386:x86-64 -D two_plus_two --start-address=0x78

Probably the formalization should be extended to allow the existence of
sections so that we can fill it with some irrelevant fluff.

---
## [21cmfast/21CMMC](https://github.com/21cmfast/21CMMC)@[77307fd445...](https://github.com/21cmfast/21CMMC/commit/77307fd445693677562d940069ab220bb61f455f)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 08:07:01 by yuxiang qin

a very very stupid bug... hear me out
in the past, i.e. bosman18, we need to use data['zs'] to locate the
correct pixels for each z bin.
now with bosman21, we do not. this means i'm not doing the selection
in core.py, i.e. nlos is large
but i FORGOT to change likelihood.py, meaning for some redshifts
nlos is low and incorrect in likelihood.
this will be fine if I have used PDF instead of historgram (which is
solved by the previous commit). However, with histogram being used,
i'm essentially modelling a higher number counter and compare it to
a lower total number counter. this is why my poseteriors all show very
flat CDF, because that's the only why to suppress the number counter
in the foward modelling.

This shows z, number of correct los (ie used in core), and the incorrect
one used in likelihood. z=5.9 and 5.7 are the mismatch
5.0 37 37
5.1 48 48
5.2 55 55
5.3 58 58
5.4 58 19
5.5 64 64
5.6 59 59
5.7 59 31
5.8 45 45
5.9 45 6
6.0 19 19
6.1 10 10

This is what happen when you dont finish a project quickly. I now only
vaguely remember i've discussed it with sarah, but it can also be dejavu...

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[e2b267ee9a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e2b267ee9a4ec17fff62a6c0a36c992e93c30787)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 12:07:29 by Marko Grdinić

"11:45am. I am still thinking about it. Setting my morality aside and focusing on upping my art skills is a noble thing to do. But as a plan for making money, that is just too lacking, and I knew it. It just feels stupid to expect such a thing to make me anything.

I really should not drop being a programmer, and it does not feel right that I just set Spiral aside. I really should finish that C ref counted backend at some point before the chips get here.

I am a programmer and I should be doing programming, but I'd rather shoot myself than work on useless web backends for money. An AI research position like at Anthropic is just in the viable range.

The reality of life is that what you work on is what you are. If I worked for 8h a day for some company, then that is what I am.

There are things I want to work on like Spiral and ML research, but the trouble is that they aren't self sustainable. Something like gamedev and art work would be self sustainable, but I'd expect it would take me at least a year and probably a few before I can solidify such a path.

11:50am. In order to reduce the mental burden on myself, I want to pare things down and simplify things as much as possible. Friend or foe? No gray areas.

Going into that Anthropic interview might have changed things for me.

It is just so humiliating for me to be nervous going into it. I was wondering just what the hell would they be testing me on. Given the kind of post that caused me to break my stride and actually apply, and actually get an invite despite the quirky resume, I had high hopes it would be something remarkable. I started reading into them not replying to the email, and started thinking that they themselves aren't sure whether they want remote or not. So if I am impressive enough they might extend such an offer.

But I got some airheaded drone to test me on a trivial question. There is no way you'd ever find great talent like that.

12pm. My mind is mess. What I want, what I need, what I aspire to reach has all gone astray ever since I accepted that the way I am doing things currently would not work.

I want to be special, but that is hard without the right algorithms and hardware.

...

When I dropped the Anthropic interview, I felt just a bit regret, not because I missed the opportunity to get a job, but because I missed the opportunity to see how the story would unfold.

As well as those other invitations at the companies I applied to.

My policy feels wrong. I am filled with ego in the wrong places.

12:05pm. I think where I went wrong in the last 3 months is look for a job with the intention of taking it.

Imagine if this job hunt was just a video game I am playing. Instead of playing Lobotomy Corporation, I can afford to send my resume around and then do the easy challenges. It would be a good reason to keep my programming skills sharp.

Something like the Green Hills challenge was way over the top for a job application, but something like the Tessian challenge, I could have gone to the next phase.

You could think of those face to face interviews as a date with a girl.

The first time you are trying to court a pretty girl, you'd be nervous, but by the 20th time, you'd be cool as ice.

I mean, next time I go to a tech interview I'll rember the memory allocator question and my tension would immediatelly go down.

12:10pm. Right now, imagine I got an invite for an interview to some position I'd actually really want. I'd definitely be nervous and mince my words.

If I had experience, I'd perform much better.

To get the AI chip, or to upgrade my rig in the case of emergency, I'd literally have to work for just a single month even at the lowest paid of these places.

12:15pm. I feel like doing the slight bit of socializing with the interviewers, and doing test problems while they watch while I do on the shared screen is the kind of thing I should be cool.

My first job try (with Z) was an absolute shitfest, and this is the kind of skill I need to be good at. The job market will not suddenly fix itself and become sane. Knowing how to game it is a skill that is necessary to live in the current era.

I absoltely do not want something like my parents dying in a car accident and then me not having a way to have income to happen.

The fact that I could not get income right now is already killing my self esteem enough as it is.

12:20pm. I want to be good at getting offers if only to prove to myself that I am not incompetent. Getting a good offer should make my parents see me in a better light as well.

Job Hunting: 2/5.

Let's say the skill is something like that at the moment. This skill is not that hard to level, and I am worse than I should be because of my ego issues. Tech hiring being broken is ironically what will make it easy to game.

12:25pm. I should be a cool chad here, taking advantage of the job market for my benefit, and I am acting like a spastic. I get egoistic when I know I should not. I get moralistic when I know I should not.

While applying, I keep thinking about the salary and how I will actually have to work for months and years, and I get turned off.

No, just no. Forget about those later parts. Having offers on hand, and being able to take them is its own reward.

Maybe some place will make me an offer that will be tempting enough for me to take it. But such a lucky of occurence needs to be patiently sought out. I'll never get such fortune if I just work on my art stuff.

It is not really much, but during my 6.5 year long programming career, I've at least developed the skills to pass these shit tier interviews. Even if I do nothing else, I should be putting them to use in such a manner.

12:30pm. I should be putting those skills to use even if it is not the way they are intended to be.

It will be pretty easy to level up job hunting to 4/5, and it won't take much effort either. It does not take me much effort to go over the job portals every few weeks and fire the resume at various places. It won't take me much time to do the tech challenges and interviews as well.

12:35pm. Job hunting is like doing HackerRank problems except with an actual reward at the end, and some social interaction along the way.

I already got an offer for 30k/year once.

My next goal should be to go above 50k. Then I should go above 100k. If I can get more than 150k, then that is when I should stop and think what I want.

My job as it is should be to climb to the top of the salary range. That should be a personal challenge to prove that I am not incompetent as a programmer.

12:40pm. Getting a job offer is not like spending years and years working on a language. It is not fraction of the difficulty of such a great quest.

12:45pm. Yeah, this is the right path.

I should be cultivating my 3d skills, but I absolutely should not be commiting to such a path.

I am still on the path of the programmer, it is just kind of in a limbo.

3d skills and game dev skills are simply worth it, but not for the money specifically. There are better ways of getting money.

12:45pm. Yeah, this is the way to think about it.

I am willing to work on Heaven's Key for the next few years for the sake of improving my art and game dev skills, but it would be too absurd to do in the expectation of money. I absolutely do not have the will to ever do such a thing again after the beating I got in RL. I just cannot believe it.

12:50pm. Sigh.

Getting a job offer could have been the easiest thing ever, but I've made it so hard and onerous because of my attitude.

I should not have said I would get a job and invest in the stock market, that is so out of character for me. Those things are just extra burden. I should have just said - I will get an offer irregardless of everything else.

'Why do you want to work at [our company]?'

These stupid questions are what has been wrecking me. I dutifully answered them, but that lead me to getting emotionally invested in things I really should not. In the Anthropic application I did the right thing for the first time by just putting a dot instead of racking my brains.

I mean, I barely care enough about the company to read its job description, just what do these companies want me to say here.

One company had a ridiculous requirement of wanting me to make a video talking about my favorite non-fiction book. Holy shit.

As a rule, I am going to avoid the really tough challenges like the Green Hills one. I should just drop those things as they are clearly looking for a fresh CS graduate, and it is not worth it my time to prepare for that.

There will also be time, when for example I apply for a web specific position and my lack of relevant knowledge becomes apparent. Things like that will happen at some point and I should just abort and move to the next thing.

1pm. One thing at a time. Let me have breakfast and do the chores here. For now, why don't I just focus on finishing the series by Grant Abbott on shader nodes?

After that I'll go over the portals and fire my resume at various places. I'll get a reply from 20-30% of them and do some HackerRank problems as a consequence.

Well, that % was with the old resume. I'll try the small white font Google, Facebook, Microsoft trick to get through the ATS more smoothly. That should move the response rate up.

Now breakfast."

---
## [ncrecc/christmasspecial](https://github.com/ncrecc/christmasspecial)@[0bed7422e5...](https://github.com/ncrecc/christmasspecial/commit/0bed7422e5b128a7e1d408cd1f076f776b4e6400)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 12:27:05 by wibi

ctuscene shit & warrior changes
- bert: implemented some feedback from terry for warrior: your skillcard is now combat roll, card reroll is your limit break, and you only receive 1 card per themecard
- bert: added new credits art by hinata, fixed credits_01
- bert: fixed missing sfx for gravity
- buster: added jester cutscene by matt101
- buster: changed warrior cutscene dialogue to be relevant to final warrior gimmick
- buster: grammar pass on all cutscenes
- buster: replaced robot cutscene with a placeholder because we need a new one since the focus of the episode changed. Fuck

---
## [JustLenard/PersonalWebsite](https://github.com/JustLenard/PersonalWebsite)@[c92ceee227...](https://github.com/JustLenard/PersonalWebsite/commit/c92ceee22742d4a4a78a29e1135ba589b6c1b482)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 13:02:42 by Len

I hate my life. Can't connect firebase to my contact form. Ugh

---
## [flixhack/P1](https://github.com/flixhack/P1)@[d59bd8aea5...](https://github.com/flixhack/P1/commit/d59bd8aea52619002b15714ab2df6cd06918f3ca)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 14:01:30 by fastest coom in the west

FUCK YOU EDIT IS DONE AND ALSO ADDED DATES TO ASSIGNMENT

---
## [KarolSu/SpringBoot-Assessment](https://github.com/KarolSu/SpringBoot-Assessment)@[cfc30748dc...](https://github.com/KarolSu/SpringBoot-Assessment/commit/cfc30748dcdfaad248de80f6ac489e5f06cbbcb2)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 16:14:35 by KarolSu

Karol

●  	What did you like about this project? - erm.. Looking at the assessment you will know I am struggling.. (-.-!!!!!)
●  	What did you struggle with in this project? - I need hell lot of practice 
●  	What would make your experience with this assessment better? - Practice practice and more practice

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[bc15eb0659...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/bc15eb06591085c21df2c7dc452e59bc80e495e2)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 17:43:22 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] NOBUBAB

what if this. one guy got rid of you. God angery, curse that guy. guy's friend eventually got all went wrong, one by one. eventually no connection. THEORY. let's forget about this.

https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/issues/32 hbd text! here. put names, month, and day. if you got more than 1 person the same hbd date, put comma on it! say
you got
```
JOELwindows7:2:7
```
and you had another friend in the same birthdate! do like this!
```
JOELwindows7,arfaleg:2:7
```
like that.
and when the date match the time for, it pops out hbd in toast yay!

moar preps! https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/issues/30#issuecomment-994760516

ohups! saubo note mine wrong! here I rerendered correct which layer.
also refactor note. Yep, we got to get all of those out from folder. Copy them just to be safe.

new! CarryAround class. you can carry this arround! just pick one variable you need to be refered or edited. they all are static yeah!!!

okay here we goh

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d6d62df003...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d6d62df003b6587d9cafd7c78d8dfb6eb5ecaf60)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 22:55:09 by Marko Grdinić

"2:35pm. Let me have a break today as well. I'll start the videos later.

3:15pm. I need to keep going forward. At one point I'll be programming my external brain, but until then I should pay respect to my own effort. If it cannot be done, I can but wait. The Inspired have too many advantages to try to immitate them as a human, but that is no reason to feel down. I will anticipate the future and take advantage of it.

Forget investing in the stock market. It is my old crush, but there isn't going to be a stock market around in 30 years. No point in saving long term when the game is to cultivate to transcendence.

I do need the minimum. To get that I need to refine my programming skills through the job hunt.

A while ago I was studying ASP.NET, but abandoned it because I really did not want to get a job programming that. But I'll compromise if it is merely to get an offer.

Offers, offers, offers. I want them. I need them. I want to conquer the challenge of getting them.

I am far too timid.

I should seek them out even if I never need to use them.

While that is going on, time will pass, and I will get good at 3d art in a year or two. At that point I'll be able to do whatever and making income of working on Heaven's Key might be viable.

I want to be able to brag to my parents of turning down a 100k/year offer.

3:25pm. It is foolish to think about investing. Once I have intelligent agents I will be able to use them to make mountains of cash. With better algorithms I'll be able to go all the way to the top.

3:35pm. Like yesterday, let me step away from the screen. Yesterday I was in bed for 6h.

3:40pm. I need a bit more time to settle my heart. Just what am I trying to do? I do not have a clear goal like finishing a language. Instead it feels more like a lot of free time opened up and I am going through the motions in order to net be lazy.

This is a different thing from having a clear goal that I want to hit.

But I do want more skill.

But there is no way around it - I am going to need time and dedication to master art.

9:40pm. I am still thinking about it, but I sure have a headache from all this lying in bed while firing my neurons at full blast.

Still I am getting closer to a realization.

I know that I am being insane for the past 3 months, but I can't help it as I've lost sight of my path.

Grinding the job hunt level is just ego satisfaction. So is 3d modeling.

This is no wonder. The only thing in life that has true meaning is the pursuit of power.

I am thinking about my many failures and trying to find a way out. Is it even possible to comprehend ML?

I've been thinking about evolution and how it has an inherent notion of modularity.

The genome itself is modular, like a big library of functions. The optimization process itself for it is brainless, so whatever modularity is there is inherent in the program itself.

Now, the programs I write aren't modular. I thought of rewriting the things I've done in a PPL, but that quickly revealed to me the truth - I have zero way of doing nested optimization.

Everything is flat and needs to be optimized all at once.

I thought about the genome and asked myself, why would it work for nature then? I could use an ES to optimize a neural net, but it would likely be noisy all the way. So what is the difference between the natural and artificial evolution.

The answer is - the pointers. The genome is not a sequential program, but an asynchronous one.

10pm. The programs I write are very compressed. I simplify and remove the uneeded, but the genome itself is bloated. But that bloat serves a purpose of being a part of the search manifold for nature.

That is the answer. Nature is making masterful use of asynchrony in ways that I cannot begin to compare to. Its programs have intrinsic modularity, while my own are modular only in my own mind.

I envy nature.

This is why current day evolutionary methods cannot compete with nature's results. They have no true manifold on which to optimize. They are just noising the params on a low dimension.

But...it would really be difficult to research asynchronous algorithms on sequential machines.

My own and everyone else's programs are sequential. It is true that I studied concurrency, but in the end, the best results I've gotten are to make things mostly sequential.

10:05am. Nobody knows anything about concurrency today, much like with high dimensional geometry.

I have no idea. I cannot even begin to guess what natural neural nets are made of. A matrix multiply followd by a non-linearity is not it. It has as much to do with natural NNs as artifical evolution has to the natural one.

10:10pm. Natural evolution I can sort of grasp just by thinking about it because there is only so much nature can do to optimize - mutation and crossover.

But natural NNs could be anything. Knowing it communicating in spikes literally tells me nothing.

I might as well be trying to imagine a web browser from only knowing about the flow of electrons through a transistor.

Despite it being a local rule, it is way beyond my imagination of what the driving principle behind it could be. There is a long list of what the brain is doing, but the current immitations are mostly form, but little substance.

10:10am. Just what can I believe in?

Just what I did originally. I made Spiral to prepare for the new hardware wave did I not?

I should not abandon that dream because the current day algorithms failed me. The deep learning wave is not the final wave. The next wave will come eventually.

I'll just give up on the dream of trying to make money via online gaming.

I'll replace it with ego satisfaction. I'll get a job offer that is really high and slap it in people's face if they ask. I'll replace the full course meal with a sip of water.

10:20pm. I hate nature from the bottom of my heart. All of its secrets are in plain view, but I can comprehend none of them. It is such cruel mockery.

10:30am. Forget this wave. Even if I got the AI chip now, I could not make use of it. If it was the old me, he would have continued the pursuit regardless. He wouldn't have gotten caught up in a triviality such as money.

On the Spiral side, I need to continue further. I should invest some time in making that C backend. But I need some kind of idea for what a good project would be like. I could take the existing simulator and speed it up maximally.

I do not know.

You can't just work on a language without having a clear idea of what you want to implement on it. What could I do with a ref counted C backend? Anything is fine as long as it makes me money.

Could I do something in the embedded space? I do not know.

10:50pm. I should look into the .NET game dev scene and show those people Spiral. It might result in some connections and job offers.

I should be working on Spiral until its full potential has been realized.

10:55pm. I need to turn away from ML, and try to see if there are people whose reaction is more positive to this sort of thing.

11:05pm. Hmmm, I like this new plan. Maybe if it is with people who like Spiral, working on a project together would not be too bad. Especially if it nets me money with which to finance future development of the language.

11:20pm. Ego, ego, ego...

I think if I took a job for a while I could have fun doing it. It would simplify my life, because right now I am suffering from aimlessness.

11:25pm. Yeah, let me do it.

I had the idea that in the future when the AI chips are more ubiquitous I could go to their social media pages and show off Spiral and ask whether they'd be willing to sponsor such work on a language.

Right now while showing it off in various communities I could put a note at the end that I am looking for paid work.

11:25pm. This is not such a bad thing. Do some project, post it on Reddit and then add a note at the end that you are looking for work. It might be a viable way of doing things. I do not care if the salary would only be something low such as 5k. It might be a way of getting things off my mind.

If I could work towards something concrete, that would cure my money blues.

11:30pm. I think that for once I won't stay up till 1:30am playing a game.

Let me have dinner and I will go back to bed. The mental pain I am feeling right now is really bad. It would not even be close to a problem if I had just a tad money saved up.

Tomorrow, I am going to extend the resume a bit to incorporate my 3d modeling and sculpting experience. I did practice it dutifuly for the past few months and it deserves a mention.

11:45pm. It is better to do something honest like this. Why grind the job hunt skill when you could use Reddit to good effect? I should exhaust this possibility first.

But in that case I should actually take one of the offers and get it over with. Whatever I choose, I'd do a good job either way at my level. With gamedev I'd need a few weeks to learn Unity. The same goes with embedded."

---
## [AptudeSiGRHA/waifus](https://github.com/AptudeSiGRHA/waifus)@[a1f4e294d7...](https://github.com/AptudeSiGRHA/waifus/commit/a1f4e294d720cefda53c8a9c11d0e9a65ae32726)
#### Wednesday 2021-12-15 23:43:18 by dem4ply

The Man Who Almost Invented The Vacuum Cleaner
	The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is
Hubert Cecil Booth.  However, he got the idea from a man who almost
invented it.
	In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.  On the bill was an
American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
	The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
After watching the act -- which made everyone in the front six rows sneeze
-- Booth went round to the inventor's dressing room.
	"It should suck not blow," said Booth, coming straight to the
point.  "Suck?", exclaimed the enraged inventor.  "Your machine just moves
the dust around the room," Booth informed him.  "Suck?  Suck?  Sucking is
not possible," was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.  Booth proved
that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and
sucking the back of an armchair.  "I almost choked," he said afterwards.
		-- Stephen Pile, "The Book of Heroic Failures"

---

# [<](2021-12-14.md) 2021-12-15 [>](2021-12-16.md)

