# [<](2021-01-03.md) 2021-01-04 [>](2021-01-05.md)

2,776,300 events, 1,371,966 push events, 2,120,180 commit messages, 162,256,946 characters


## [o7-Fire/Roblox](https://github.com/o7-Fire/Roblox)@[8bc237af9a...](https://github.com/o7-Fire/Roblox/commit/8bc237af9a4a13e989de8849f5f2e7de5b32b063)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 02:22:10 by Itzbenz

Merge pull request #157 from shadow01148/patch-179

fuck you

---
## [matchu/impress-2020](https://github.com/matchu/impress-2020)@[4120c7aa88...](https://github.com/matchu/impress-2020/commit/4120c7aa88a149101ce8d11ad3012645981a3af0)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 03:12:11 by Matchu

fix large-icon visual bug

Looks like there was some kind of runtime conflict when running @emotion/css and @emotion/react at the same time in this app? Some styles would just get clobbered, making things look all weird.

Here, I've removed our @emotion/css dependency, and use the `<ClassNames>` utility element from `@emotion/react` instead. I'm not thrilled about the solution, but it seems okay for now...

...one other thing I tried was passing a `css` prop to Chakra elements, which seemed to work, but to clobber the element's own Emotion-based styles. I assumed that the Babel macro wouldn't help us, and wouldn't convert css props to className props for non-HTML elements... but I suppose I'm not sure!

Anyway, I don't love this syntax... but I'm happy for the site to be working again. I wonder if we can find something better.

---
## [nervosnetwork/ckb](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb)@[a6ebde0565...](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb/commit/a6ebde0565cb30ff9e2cf5d69cde05090df330aa)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 03:54:57 by bors[bot]

Merge #2338

2338: chore(deps): bump numext-fixed-uint from 1.4.0 to 1.6.0 r=doitian,driftluo a=yangby-cryptape

Bumps [numext-fixed-uint](https://github.com/cryptape/rust-numext) from 0.1.4 to 0.1.6.

<details>
<summary>Changelog</summary>
<p><em>Sourced from <a href="https://github.com/cryptape/rust-numext/blob/v0.1.6/CHANGELOG.md">rust-numext's changelog</a>.</em></p>
<blockquote>

### Major Updates

- Use features to let all structs be optional.
- Should NOT consider hashes as numbers.
  - Add methods to replace numerical methods for hashes.
    - `zero() -> empty()`
    - `is_zero() -> is_empty()`
    - `is_max() -> is_full()`
  - **BREAKING CHANGE** Remove `checked_neg(..)` for hashes.
- Upgrade dependencies.
  - `quote v0.6 -> v1.0`
  - `syn v0.15 -> v1.0`
  - `proc-macro2 v0.4 -> v1.0`
  - Remove dependencies "proc-macro-hack" for crates in the workspace.
    - Update the minimum supported version of rust toolchain to `1.45.0` for the feature: [Stabilizing function-like procedural macros in expressions, patterns, and statements](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2020/07/16/Rust-1.45.0.html#stabilizing-function-like-procedural-macros-in-expressions-patterns-and-statements).
  - Use `thiserror` instead of `failure` since `failure` is officially deprecated.

### Fixed Bugs

- Constructors can not handle short inputs correctly ([#42]).
- `as_fixed_bytes_mut(&mut self)` return an immutable reference ([#42]).
- Avoid trigger [a rustc bug](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/75533) which causes errors when build with target `wasm32-unknown-unknown` ([#54]).

</blockquote>
</details>

Full commits viewable in [compare view](https://github.com/cryptape/rust-numext/compare/v0.1.4...v0.1.6).

You can trigger a rebase of this PR by commenting `@yangby-cryptape rebase`.

<small>

#### Notice

**The latest rust tool chain is not friendly for old proc-macros (there are a lot of issues, for example: compile errors).**
**But after this PR, we still have few crates depend on very old proc-macros crates: `enum-display-derive` and `wasm-*`.**

</small>

[#42]: https://github.com/cryptape/rust-numext/pull/42
[#54]: https://github.com/cryptape/rust-numext/pull/54

Co-authored-by: Boyu Yang <yangby@cryptape.com>

---
## [ZSX-JOJO/papers-we-love](https://github.com/ZSX-JOJO/papers-we-love)@[7d7ee69264...](https://github.com/ZSX-JOJO/papers-we-love/commit/7d7ee69264f625753b9528ad0bae668dd02e7f0f)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 08:27:50 by Lee Sharma

Add Combinatorial Analysis and Computers (1965) (#422)

Changes:

  - add: *Combinatorial Analysis and Computers* (1965) to
         `combinatory_logic/README.md` list
  - add: year to the other paper in the README
  - fix: tweak format of papers README for readability

Decisions:

  - I put this in the `combinatory_logic` folder, but I think it would
    also fit in the `comp_sci_fundamentals_and_history` folder (given
    Knuth's historical importance to the field and the more
    theoretical nature of the paper). This seemed more direct.

---

Paper Title:  Combinatorial Analysis and Computers
Author(s):    Marshall Hall Jr. and Donald E. Knuth
Paper Year:   1965

Reasons for Including Paper:

  Papers We Love DC/NoVA will be discussing this paper (and others) at our
  November meetup.

  This paper is included in Donald Knuth's book *Selected Papers
  on Discrete Mathematics*. Knuth's writings have been extremely
  important to the field of computer science, and I think that most of
  his papers would fit in well here. This one introduces computational
  complexity and the benefits/limits of computing, then it dives into
  several combinatorial problems.

  I find it interesting because 1) it's a neat view of the possibilities and
  limitations of computation early on, and 2) the problems that he lays out
  are interesting exercises even today.

---
## [IMA-WorldHealth/bhima](https://github.com/IMA-WorldHealth/bhima)@[99fed074aa...](https://github.com/IMA-WorldHealth/bhima/commit/99fed074aa7dc9f02dc44e213f4ee42bfc8bfb52)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 08:31:15 by bors[bot]

Merge #5266

5266: chore(deps): bump nokogiri from 1.10.10 to 1.11.0 in /docs r=jniles a=dependabot[bot]

Bumps [nokogiri](https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri) from 1.10.10 to 1.11.0.
<details>
<summary>Release notes</summary>
<p><em>Sourced from <a href="https://github.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/releases">nokogiri's releases</a>.</em></p>
<blockquote>
<h2>v1.11.0 / 2021-01-03</h2>
<h3>Notes</h3>
<h4>Faster, more reliable installation: Native Gems for Linux and OSX/Darwin</h4>
<p>&quot;Native gems&quot; contain pre-compiled libraries for a specific machine architecture. On supported platforms, this removes the need for compiling the C extension and the packaged libraries. This results in <strong>much faster installation</strong> and <strong>more reliable installation</strong>, which as you probably know are the biggest headaches for Nokogiri users.</p>
<p>We've been shipping native Windows gems since 2009, but starting in v1.11.0 we are also shipping native gems for these platforms:</p>
<ul>
<li>Linux: <code>x86-linux</code> and <code>x86_64-linux</code> -- including musl platforms like alpine</li>
<li>OSX/Darwin: <code>x86_64-darwin</code> and <code>arm64-darwin</code></li>
</ul>
<p>We'd appreciate your thoughts and feedback on this work at <a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/2075">#2075</a>.</p>
<h3>Dependencies</h3>
<h4>Ruby</h4>
<p>This release introduces support for Ruby 2.7 and 3.0 in the precompiled native gems.</p>
<p>This release ends support for:</p>
<ul>
<li>Ruby 2.3, for which <a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2019/03/31/support-of-ruby-2-3-has-ended/">official support ended on 2019-03-31</a> [<a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/1886">#1886</a>] (Thanks <a href="https://github.com/ashmaroli">@ashmaroli</a>!)</li>
<li>Ruby 2.4, for which <a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/news/2020/04/05/support-of-ruby-2-4-has-ended/">official support ended on 2020-04-05</a></li>
<li>JRuby 9.1, which is the Ruby 2.3-compatible release.</li>
</ul>
<h4>Gems</h4>
<ul>
<li>Explicitly add racc as a runtime dependency. [<a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/1988">#1988</a>] (Thanks, <a href="https://github.com/voxik">@voxik</a>!)</li>
<li>[MRI] Upgrade mini_portile2 dependency from <code>~&gt; 2.4.0</code> to <code>~&gt; 2.5.0</code> [<a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/2005">#2005</a>] (Thanks, <a href="https://github.com/alejandroperea">@alejandroperea</a>!)</li>
</ul>
<h3>Security</h3>
<p>See note below about CVE-2020-26247 in the &quot;Changed&quot; subsection entitled &quot;XML::Schema parsing treats input as untrusted by default&quot;.</p>
<h3>Added</h3>
<ul>
<li>Add Node methods for manipulating &quot;keyword attributes&quot; (for example, <code>class</code> and <code>rel</code>): <code>#kwattr_values</code>, <code>#kwattr_add</code>, <code>#kwattr_append</code>, and <code>#kwattr_remove</code>. [<a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/2000">#2000</a>]</li>
<li>Add support for CSS queries <code>a:has(&gt; b)</code>, <code>a:has(~ b)</code>, and <code>a:has(+ b)</code>. [<a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/688">#688</a>] (Thanks, <a href="https://github.com/jonathanhefner">@jonathanhefner</a>!)</li>
<li>Add <code>Node#value?</code> to better match expected semantics of a Hash-like object. [<a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/1838">#1838</a>, <a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/1840">#1840</a>] (Thanks, <a href="https://github.com/MatzFan">@MatzFan</a>!)</li>
<li>[CRuby] Add <code>Nokogiri::XML::Node#line=</code> for use by downstream libs like nokogumbo. [<a href="https://github-redirect.dependabot.com/sparklemotion/nokogiri/issues/1918">#1918</a>] (Thanks, <a href="https://github.com/stevecheckoway">@stevecheckoway</a>!)</li>
<li><code>nokogiri.gemspec</code> is back after a 10-year hiatus. We still prefer you use the official releases, but master is pretty stable these days, and YOLO.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Performance</h3>
<!-- raw HTML omitted -->
</blockquote>
<p>... (truncated)</p>


Co-authored-by: dependabot[bot] <49699333+dependabot[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [ProjectSakura/packages_apps_Trebuchet](https://github.com/ProjectSakura/packages_apps_Trebuchet)@[73a8e03d08...](https://github.com/ProjectSakura/packages_apps_Trebuchet/commit/73a8e03d086f85e52a395619e5a21f161e6a6acb)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 11:03:15 by Alex Cruz

Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1
Signed-off-by: Pranav Vashi <neobuddy89@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: LordShenron <shen.priyanshu@gmail.com>

---
## [LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto](https://github.com/LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto)@[3290f419d7...](https://github.com/LDR-Siren/EmilyC-SamanthaPrater-EruzaArto/commit/3290f419d7721a0cfa132f5c6c94367a9ca3ac08)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 12:44:29 by LDR

Add files via upload

Today was more James and the Emily Rose "Scam". This sparked further by what the Dibney Cru suspect was a Craigslist ad she posted using the name "Emily Rose" that she forgot about. The timing of the Email thru SL she found, and the ad are both in 2017 when a lot of this started getting ramped up for some people with her.  Frankly none of us are buying that its not her and she forgot about it, or did some shady deals with that name and is now trying to hide it. She often goes into these "I was blamed I am the Victim" phases when she has done something she does not want us to find or she knows was dicey and she is now trying to hide. None of us are buying her story.

She also went back after Candy. Trying to "Warn" her over the "Emily Rose Scam". Again, attacking a previous victim for not wanting to be friends with her, due to her atrocious behavior. And to make matters worse, Caps locking her letters, which after seeing the screen shots, she knows that is yelling. She was typing fine prior to Candy telling her to leave her alone, but as soon as there was push back from Candy's side, she went caps locks. Anyways, when Candy pushed back with the "Leave me Alone I do not want to be your friend" spiel we have all been given, Emily started in with the typical Bully/Narcissistic behavior rage when she was not given another victim to abuse. One who we at the Dibney Cru has supported and backed when we found her on DeviantArt(DA). Thankfully we were told this morning, that Emily Blocked Candy, and we feel a party is due for Candy! How long Emily will keep her blocked is uncertain but for now, a Victory has been made!

Another thing that came into notice for some of us, is that while we have all been quiet, we have agreed radio silence is needed, Emily has grown bolder with her attempts to get a reaction from us. Besides Candy, we have all stayed silent. And for good reason. But we noticed she is cycling faster that we have been quiet. Resulting in the conclusion that without our participation she is going further mad. It really is a sad life for her. She has literally three or four people at best that likely talk to her voluntarily, and the ones she wants to interact with are the ones she has repeatedly bullied, victimized, and harassed for years now. The ones who want nothing to do with her. Who have repeatedly said they are not her friends, will not be her friends, has no desire to be her friend, and want nothing to do with her.  She screams about Karma, but this is Karma in its purest form. 

Another thing came up, which has me inkling. Either she is reading the forums, or is reading this. But the fact she brought up yesterday that we all feel she has the mentality of  a 5 to 12year old in a 30 years old body.  Despite her raging screams she is growing up and all that, which not a single one of us believes that. She is still raging and screaming like she did when this began back in 2018, and further back.  It is the mere fact she is aware others see her in that light. Frankly if she shut up, moved on her with her life, and actually told her doctors what is going on, in an attempt to truly grow up, many of us would be more inclined to not so much see her in a better light, or believe her words, but take a more introspective look at what she is doing, as compared to rolling our eyes and commenting in our group why we do not believe a single thing she posts or types. We would still not reach out to her, or try and friend her, but perhaps be a bit easier in our thought process. Do I believe she will ever do such a thing? No. And here is why. She is truly a Narcissist. If you look at her recent purchases, with money that could have been saved, used for bettering her life, in a grander scheme of things, you can tell it is all about the aesthetic of looking like she has "Means." And what I mean by  that is, she wants to give off the feel that she is worldly and has money to do what she wants. In truth she is on disability, and has nothing but what the government gives her. She has no other source of income. So her possession to happiness ratio is skewed.  And by that I mean she attributes possessions to happiness. To those of us who have been poor, or know the reality that possessions do not make one happy, but the people who love and care about you and you them, or the good you do in the world, or even the love you give out, is what can make you happy, she doesn't grasp that. Having Empathy, true not faked Empathy as she often does, can yes make one sad, but doing something about anothers pain, and helping, can bring joy and happiness to you, she doesn't get that. It is simply not in her nature.  And it shows in her spending habits. She equates Happiness to Possessions. Not Happiness to the Love you Share. So she brags about $50 dollar keyboards to look like a fancy gamer, but doesn't take into consideration, that money could have been used to help someone, when there are millions of people in the US right now, hurting badly! Instead of worrying about a Tripod or spending hundreds at best buy, she could have stocked up at Walmart or the local grocery store, and donated a portion (Like $10) to helping feed a local food bank, or a charity to help those that are starving right now due to this pandemic. She could have offered to clean a neighbors house, or her own. Or found a neighbor and offered to pay them to help her clean, and then pay them to do it. She could have bragged, and we would have all been shocked! She helped someone else out, and her apartment was cleaned. But again its about her and only her, not anyone else.

This comes down to another thing I have noticed. She doesn't care about her surroundings. I noticed it with others who are unmedicated behavioral disordered individuals, that their surroundings mean little to them. Especially those like her, who are not aware they are, not quite right, their surroundings to them look fine. To those of us that see it, it is not. Take for instance her desk. Its always disgusting! She does not take care of her possessions. Look at the necklaces she has if you see the picture of the new keyboard. 3 necklaces just left on the desk to tangle and tarnish. I can say even at my lowest depressive state, my jewelry was always hung up or put away. I even made Boho Log hangers to display them so they can grace my room and be organized. But hers is just left like trash, amidst all the other garbage on her desk. Her floor is another example. It doesn't look like its Vacuumed at all. It looks like under her desk, there are chicken bones and dust bunnies just chilling underneath. GROSS! Even her couch looks unkept.  Even in my lowest 2 years ago, I pitched 19 bags of stuff 2 weekends after my truly lowest point. Even now, my rooms may look cluttered, but everything is organized and out of the way. My floors are vacuumed, my kitchen and bathroom are clean, there are no dust bunnies or chicken bones chilling anywhere.  I know for some that is not true, depression takes a tole that even cleaning is hard. But she is clearly not depressed, and has no excuse to not have a clean kept home. But its apart of that Narcissist behavior. She only cares about is her. What she can brag about. The Cat, the things she gets it. Not it really loving up to her or anything else. It is always  "Look the cat is fine!" Fine the cat is fine, but its obviously not loved. Its trapped and depends on you to take care of it. Doesn't mean you love it. And again to the possession thing. She gets it all these toys and other things, but its to brag. Not to make it really happy. Not to do it because she loves it. She has never once said she loves it. Me. I love my old lady, I miss my Oscar badly. I love(d) both my babies. She does not even use the terms that denotes that emotion. And that comes to my next conclusion. She doesn't feel those emotions, leading to Aislinn's theory that Emily is a Sociopath.

But that is all for today.

---
## [rdragan/tgstation](https://github.com/rdragan/tgstation)@[d7da3e8745...](https://github.com/rdragan/tgstation/commit/d7da3e8745885e0bb28d33ab7132c7fe7153efd1)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 13:45:45 by Fox McCloud

Remove ancient unused "wear_id" var on xenos (#51236)

Come, let me tell you a story of the old days----of SHITCODE.

AGhhhhh.

Once upon a time, SS13 code was terrible (who are we joking, it still 
is, but that's a story for another day), and when any carbon subtype, 
minus humans, talked over radio, it would runtime.

Of course, coders set about fixing this problem---can't have nonsense 
like that, so...of course, the most logical thing was done.

Instead of solving the awfulness that was not only using the wrong 
istype check and a wonderful colon override as well: 
https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/blob/9eb0e80ae7f57040b9178c637efb4bac33ce3d16/code/game/objects/radio/radio.dm#L148

A "Fix" was applied instead: 
https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/9eb0e80ae7f57040b9178c637efb4bac33ce3d16#diff-b5f801c8078b7d8dd9f0661b359dfa9e

Whereby `var/obj/item/card/id/wear_id = null` was added to monkeys and 
aliens to "fix" them having an ID holder and not throwing a 
runtime.........Thus ensuring:

Fox would find it one day and call this utterly moronic and while also 
ensuring that all future carbon mobs created without implementing this 
same "fix" would have the same exact problem.

Then radio code got rewritten to be non-stupid and this still hung 
around until today.

The End

---
## [mikemaccana/fullstack-serverless-starter-kit](https://github.com/mikemaccana/fullstack-serverless-starter-kit)@[4cadab6346...](https://github.com/mikemaccana/fullstack-serverless-starter-kit/commit/4cadab6346a6e7216a50c46b6c908cbb615a92b2)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 15:04:19 by Mike MacCana

Make a fucking cool DB client that handles all the connection shit for you.

---
## [freckle/yesod-page-cursor](https://github.com/freckle/yesod-page-cursor)@[151595ee52...](https://github.com/freckle/yesod-page-cursor/commit/151595ee521a6e343669afd9bdab4772757cbaca)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 16:00:28 by patrick brisbin

Add some dependency bounds

This is a bit nuanced, and I'm not sure if it's the best approach, so
here is some explanation:

Managing dependency bounds manually is an error-prone pain. Stack
supports a --pvp-bounds option to sdist (and upload, which uses it) to
automate the process. It can add lower bounds, upper bounds, or both. It
operates by looking at the version of every dependency in the resolver
in use and sets a >= lower bound on that version and a < upper bound on
the next major version.

See https://www.fpcomplete.com/blog/2015/09/stack-pvp/

We've decided to omit bounds in our committed source generally, and use
the --pvp-bounds both option when releasing to Hackage. This is a
conservative choice, adding tight bounds based on the latest LTS
resolver, which is what we typically prefer in stack.yaml.

Where this breaks down is when building the project, with those
automated pvp-bounds, against nightly. Since the "next major" upper
bound is relative to the current LTS resolver, it's likely that the
nightly resolver will have a newer version and not build. Worse, you
can't know this until you actually try to build from the package built
with sdist -- since bounds aren't committed in package.yaml.

The solution is simple but annoying: add back manual bounds that are
more relaxed, which is what this commit does.

Will this be just as error prone and annoying as not using the
pvp-bounds option at all? Would using pvp-bounds upper or lower only
work out better for us? I'm not sure, we'll see.

---
## [petercordia/crawl](https://github.com/petercordia/crawl)@[7adeca9acf...](https://github.com/petercordia/crawl/commit/7adeca9acfde54597739e12cf3f33bb4836654d4)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 16:21:47 by Nicholas Feinberg

Invoke the malevolent chronology of Zot

The natural tendency for roguelikes is to encourage cautious behavior.
It's over once you die once, after all, so you should take your time.
That's not a bad thing, but to balance things out and discourage
extremely time-consuming tactics (which tend not to be very fun!),
it's good to have a counterpressure encouraging players to move quickly.

Food was intended to be such a clock, but for a variety of reasons, it
never worked as a clock for anything but the most egregious abuses.
(And not even for that for foodless races, of course.) Scores is a
compelling motivation for some players, but not many - most are just
playing to win. How can we make the most viable way to win also the
most fun?

This commit adds a new 'Zot Clock'. It ticks up over time, and jumps
down whenever you enter a new level - roughly 6000 turns of clock per
level. Once you hit turn 11,500 or so on the clock, the malevolent and
unexplained entity Zot strikes, draining you immediately and then again
once every 100 turns or so. At turn 12,000, you die. Each branch tracks
the 'clock' separately.

6000 turns per level allows for a 300,000 turn 3-rune game, which
seems very generous. The effective cap of 12,000 turns 'stored' at any
given time means that there's somewhat less slack than that implies,
but a slow character can usually do levels in under 2500 turns and
inter-level travel in under 500, so I'm hopeful that normal characters
will rarely if ever see any of this system. The very slowest game we saw
(an extreme outlier) averaged slightly over 5k turns per level in one
branch and hit 7.5k turns in one level, which this clock would cover.

We use 'levels seen' here as a proxy for progress because that's
simple to conceptualize and relatively difficult to abuse - it's hard
to "stash" entire levels as a clock reserve in the same way you could
stash "unexplored map tiles" or "weak monsters". The separate clock
per branch allows players to dip into branches and then bail without
being penalized - the per-branch clock is paused while they're away.

The clock is paused while you're in Abyss, since that doesn't fit the
exploration model well and isn't usually that wise to linger in, and
turned off entirely when you get the ORB, since (a) there's a new
clock then and (b) it'd feel awful to die of time-out on the orb run.
It's possible to scum Pan for time, but I mean, if you're scumming
Pan, just win already!

Chei gives you some extra time, in keeping with the theme of the
god. It's possible that races need different clocks based on their
movement speeds, but I'm hopeful that the difference there is fairly
small relative to the slack in the clock.

---
## [newstools/2021-iol-cape-times](https://github.com/newstools/2021-iol-cape-times)@[33f42cb067...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-iol-cape-times/commit/33f42cb067cd1c45370a2e67be0eceac5225f65e)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 16:51:47 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.iol.co.za/capetimes/news/16-year-old-girl-shot-and-killed-allegedly-by-boyfriend-on-new-years-day-7632e4ab-268a-4450-b775-2f0461954606]

---
## [team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage](https://github.com/team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage)@[2e663df7d0...](https://github.com/team-abnormals/savage-and-ravage/commit/2e663df7d0dc8f0abbaf8a1f19635d2a20f09fac)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 16:58:37 by Voliant

Fixed adding enclosure plate to pool, but it doesn't generate properly in outposts

OH MY PISS AND SHIT AND CUM AND FUCK WHY IS THE STRUCTURE GENERATION CODE SO ASS

---
## [zonical/discord-game-coordinator](https://github.com/zonical/discord-game-coordinator)@[872bef569b...](https://github.com/zonical/discord-game-coordinator/commit/872bef569bbb01e96f465edef7fedb35478061e0)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 17:18:55 by Kilian W

Added minimum and maximum player settings and a help command (#2)

* Added using arguments to pass provider, region and maps instead of reactions

- Added name -> provider and name -> region translation dictionaries

* Fixes

- moved crucial variables out of if statements
- Added myself to the credits :sunglasses:

* Oops

* Now edits instead of reposting to avoid ghost messages

* Added per-user setting support

- current settings: max_players and min_players
- added help command
- added UserData class to store the persistent information

* Fixes, fixes and more fixes

- added a command to list your current settings
- Moved default settings into a global variable
- moved UserData.json into /data to make it clearer that it isnt a configuration file
- fixed json.dump missing the file and writing perms
- added debug launch parameter which stops printing every time a server connection is verified
- Fixes

* Added provider and region setting

- Added default provider and default region setting
- calling c!play without arguments and default settings now asks for confirmation
- Added GetOrRegisterUser helper function incase we dont want to handle non registered users

* oops again

- fuck you vscode

Co-authored-by: zonical <adamneilson1234@gmail.com>

---
## [pytorch/botorch](https://github.com/pytorch/botorch)@[17ad4fe55b...](https://github.com/pytorch/botorch/commit/17ad4fe55bae04fc590ca183ec7404c53f41926c)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 17:43:11 by Neeraj Pradhan

Apply transform to constrain RBFKernel lengthscale in LCEMGP (#643)

Summary:
## Motivation

This adds a transform to `UniformPrior` in `LCEMGP` class to convert real values to constrained values in `[0, 2]`. Otherwise, with distribution validation enabled (which will be the default once https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/48743 is merged), this throws an error in `Uniform.log_prob` method. We were facing this issue in an internal FB test that uses botorch.

While this fixes the specific issue, my thinking is that this transform should ideally be applied automatically within `gpytorch.priors`. That said, my understanding of the codebase is very limited, so would love to hear others' thoughts on this.

### Have you read the [Contributing Guidelines on pull requests](https://github.com/pytorch/botorch/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#pull-requests)?

Yes

Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/botorch/pull/643

Test Plan:
Turned `Distribution.set_default_validate_args(True)` and succesffully ran `test_contextual_multioutput.py: ContextualMultiOutputTest.testLCEMGP` with a fixed seed and increased `maxiter` (this test fails without the fix).

cc Balandat

Reviewed By: qingfeng10

Differential Revision: D25699129

Pulled By: Balandat

fbshipit-source-id: 0485bbaa5db551fcab122119acd53549b9a5f166

---
## [pytorch/pytorch](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)@[5ab90b2fda...](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/commit/5ab90b2fda9a94e45c26be6e567e8d3fbf0e6dfa)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 18:35:50 by Luca Wehrstedt

Make CUDAFuture remember and restore current device in callback (#48789)

Summary:
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/48789

CUDAFuture aims to "capture" the current state of CUDA-related stuff when the future is marked complete (e.g., by looking at current streams and recording events on them) and then "replicate" a similar state when users synchronize with the result of the future (by synchronizing the current streams with these events).

However, one "contextual" aspect of CUDA that we weren't capturing/replicating was the current device. This diff tries to fix that. I must mention that we can only do this for callbacks, while we cannot do it for the wait() method. I don't know if such a discrepancy between the two actually makes the overall behavior _worse_. I'd love to hear people's opinions on this.
ghstack-source-id: 118081338

Test Plan: Unit tests

Reviewed By: mrshenli

Differential Revision: D25210335

fbshipit-source-id: 1d1a3f80b1cc42e5114bc88554ed50617f1aaa90

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge)@[0bdbc50b51...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/0bdbc50b513675026002eae5a20a5f643452c183)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 19:20:50 by Nikita Voloboev

analytics api photography automation home-automation bioinformatics books pricing aws computer-graphics computer-vision metal webgpu algorithms bitcoin cryptocurrencies data-visualization prisma sqlite blender design-inspiration design fonts grpc salvia goals chess games skin-care knowledge-graphs journaling life 2020 macOS-apps artificial-intelligence graph-neural-networks management category-theory game-theory lean math statistics type-theory music dns file-sharing apollo-graphql iot lorawan tcp nlp github open-source containers kubernetes ios newsletters other signal-processing physics podcasts clojure-libraries clojure cpp phoenix fsharp go-libraries go js-libraries nextjs react-components julia-libraries julia common-lisp objc ocaml perl prolog python-libraries python rails ruby rust-libraries rust swift-libraries typescript-libraries interactive-computing logging blogs my-notion social-networks streaming text-editors vim-plugins vs-code-extensions notion cities japan virtual-reality firefox cms webassembly cv

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[a1b7235afe...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/a1b7235afe5c9db9515eef1eeadd7e7230d03f62)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 21:37:12 by Seris02

Bloody soles for digitigrade legs (#2366)

* fixes and stuff

* it works

* fuck you trailing newline

* better code

* *sigh

---
## [OpenVisionE2/enigma2-openvision](https://github.com/OpenVisionE2/enigma2-openvision)@[0161b074e9...](https://github.com/OpenVisionE2/enigma2-openvision/commit/0161b074e997022e91d5ecb18a81ae9b22e84551)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 22:38:10 by norhap

Network: I Checked the external DNS config code.

Various issues are fixed:

With LAN connection Ethernet (No WLAN):

1.- DHCP-router is a self.nameserver, therefore you cannot write configuration for any other external DNS if we have selected DHCP-Router with static IP.
We have to differentiate between using a static IP (len 0) [0, 0, 0, 0] to using a self.nameserver and using our Router's DHCP.

2.- Before, if we used static IP and put DHCP-Router in nameserver configuration, we would write nameserver [0, 0, 0, 0],
then the system on complete restart writes the DNS for len 0 0 0 0 0

This is fixed since the configuration to use a static IP (remember with LAN) must be any option of nameserver config except DHCP-Router, the router does not grant IP, we write it manually.

3.- The writing of Nameserver config is fixed, before we had to press OK in the configuration and do it again so that the indexing was written, this is already solved.

4.- We continue using DHCP-Router if the adapter configuration is granted-activated. Even so, if we want to use an external DNS other than the one provided by our Router's DHCP, we can use any of the DNS providers that friend hains added in his day.

P.S. The behavior with Wifi is different when using DHCP, the tests with WLAN regarding this commit are stable and we can use the different external DNS.

Guys, Observe the behavior of your ISP Operator in case it differs from mine, with this I found stability from my ISP.

---
## [pyload/pyload](https://github.com/pyload/pyload)@[b2d2fc900a...](https://github.com/pyload/pyload/commit/b2d2fc900aa7bffe0b7d1811b53edaf47e971764)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 23:21:39 by Paul Spooren

Update AUTHORS

Some 11 years ago I started pyLoad (initially written in shell) and
posted it on the gulli.com board (down). RaNaN, sebnapi, mkaay and a few
more joined early on and basically taught me how to Python & *open
source*, I was 15 by that time.  I think Jonn3y came up with the name
and logo, maybe someone else, sorry.

We started at BitBucket and later went on to GitHub. Using the wayback
machine this is the oldest version I could find is from 27th May 2009.
Even earlier versions are lost, but it's nothing to brag with anyway.

At some point the jDownloader people gave us a DLC decryption key which
we (me) accidentally pushed as an unobfuscated `pyc`, so within 24 hours
a website appeared using our keys to decryption DLC to plaintext on
demand.

Also there was this guy *jbauer* who did some developing at the
beginning but then turned evil and screw our entire infrastructure, I
never understood why.

Looking at the log I stopped my pyLoad career with a rather uncool
commit (a4c306cb). Last thing I remember that we were just about to
release pyLoad 0.5...

Back in the day it was really important to stay somewhat anonymous, so
my name appears nowhere in those old sources, I think.

Signed-off-by: Paul Spooren <mail@aparcar.org>

---
## [RORIdev/learning](https://github.com/RORIdev/learning)@[6b117651e0...](https://github.com/RORIdev/learning/commit/6b117651e0c1ded276a426036ac017c56fd61b38)
#### Monday 2021-01-04 23:40:21 by roridev

Removes code that isn't mine.

God damnit, copying code won't lead you anywhere, and this is another proof.
May do that again once i *understand* what the heavens it was supposed to do.

---

# [<](2021-01-03.md) 2021-01-04 [>](2021-01-05.md)

