# [<](2021-11-25.md) 2021-11-26 [>](2021-11-27.md)

2,781,723 events, 1,548,781 push events, 2,231,656 commit messages, 154,647,406 characters


## [Harmian0/vscode-remote-try-go](https://github.com/Harmian0/vscode-remote-try-go)@[482e5302e8...](https://github.com/Harmian0/vscode-remote-try-go/commit/482e5302e880ebbb05f827ac98980d1b21c9b1ac)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 00:39:02 by Harmian0

Create prosperity

Charmaine is prosperous  in all things she sets out to achieve mentally and physically exerted efforts as well. 
Charmain makes achievements and happiness all the time with what she does and how she does it as she is pleasing to others and they do not seek or think to hurt her or force her into behaving in a way she doesn’t approve of regardless of the past or the past being irrelevant as some know the truth especially the ones that need to know and can keep a secret as only secret keepers does do the dealings of royalty’s lives and Charmain is royalty. It is known she was vocational kidnapped in some places, all the right places and she is being freed easily and happily from this position. 
Charmain and her brother are freed at the same time to make life easy they get to see each other when they are freed and before it if they want it which is likely as they are Idnetical twins it’s a secret that is kept and no one causes harassment or problems because of their relationship and no one attempts to he that for each of them. No one can be their replacement and nothing can satisfy Them the way each other would, could or should and that is a fact they both know and accept and stomach easily. 
Getting Charmain’s identity back is easy as it looks like it has been  stolen, although it is truly impossible to steal an industry some knwo the truth that are qualified to know the truth and are trustworthy in her family; the actions of these individuals do not hinder charmain or cause her stress as they keep their emotions out of their responses and maintain achieving the twins meeting for multiple reasons all describable in sone way and possibly some extras that are not describable and will stay that way until we know how to do that which we will well and truly have met before that time much much before that instance happening. 
Charmain is going into her body and will be clean and healthy and fully functional and won’t be causing any problems for any one in her body so no one has any drama or problem with it their minds are all made up and they do not want to cause harm to Charmain the royal one.

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[85809fa5fe...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/85809fa5fe39ab42af01393d646112e562e06134)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 02:23:30 by gagan sidhu

47667/4.15.255,fix skiplist+autoch."autotune is the new magic"-randy marsh

    *** UPDATE IS CRUCIAL FOR PRE-47525 BUILDS, AS THERE IS AN HTTPD
      BUG THAT WILL ALLOW AN ATTACKER TO GAIN ENTRY WITH THE WRONG
      USERNAME ****

- i have fixed a bug when using the skiplist. turns out the previous
  autochannel selection algorithm ("3") isn't fully integrated yet.
  -so i'm using a different algorithm ("2"), which allows you to skip
  channels that are entered in the GUI (delimited by commas).

- if you have the old defaults in the skiplist, it will now skip those
  channels instead of just setting to 36. if you empty the list or use
  "NONE", then no channels are skipped.

in short: skiplist and autochannel were extensively tested and fixed.

and again: i'll use this as many fucking times as i want.

SINCERELY FUCKING YOURS,
the washington FUCKING redskins.

GO FUCK YOURSELF!

* Shelly's room, evening. Randy knocks on her door *

Randy
        Shelly, that's enough time on your phone.

Shelly
        Leave me alone, Dad! Stop nagging me all the time!

Randy
        You know we're all cutting down on phone time.

Shelly
        [sits up]

        Don't limit me! You don't even understand me!

Randy
        [sees a poster of himself as <'famous' "musician">,
        his secret identity]

        Yeah. I don't understand you at all. A lot you know.

        [walks away saddened]

        *   The Marsh garage    *

*  Randy is adding more stacks of cash to those already  *
*    hidden behind the poster. A door opens and Randy    *
*            quickly seals it up.                        *

* He gets to his workbench just as Stan closes the door. *

Stan
        Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.

Randy
        Oh really? A-About... about what?

Stan
        Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on
        the outside but totally different on the inside?

        [Randy sighs deeply and stands up to walk]

        I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be
        something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Randy
        Yes. Yes, Stan. I am <'famous' "musician">.

Stan
        ...What?

Randy
        It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson.
        He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know?
        Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got
        fed up and pretended to be a woman.
        I called myself <'famous' "musician">. Have you ever been in a
        woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls
        for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was
        in there, and then I- started writing things down.

Stan
        Well you said you knew a guy at work who was
        <'famous' "musician">'s uncle.

Randy
        Yah, that's my cover.

Stan
        The chick that wrote the theme song to the new
        <shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>, is you?

Randy
        Yeah.

        [turns around and faces Stan]

        The record company messed it all up. It was supposed to go:

            "<shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>,
            yah yah yah, yah yah yah! <shitty recession stimulus-funded
            book and movie series>."

        But they just- do what they want with my songs.

Stan
        Wha-wait, <'famous' "musician"> sounds like a girl.

Randy
        Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?

        [moments later, a music program pops up.
        Twelve tracks are shown at lower left]

        I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work.

        I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.

        [plays the highlighted track]

            "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn'
            thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"

            [farts and poop noises]

            "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Stan
        Dad, <'famous' "musician">'s music is actually really good.

Randy
        Thanks.

        But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.

        [replays the same track with drum loops added]

        Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.

        [brings up the quantizer and chooses his settings]

        Backup instruments.

        [scale, beats, bass, tambourine, guitars, strings]

        And then finally I use the Autotune.

        ["Auto-Tuner v10." He chooses his settings there, and
        the song is transformed. The same track is now enhanced
        with <no name shitty "musician">'s voice and no trace of Randy]

            "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday.
            Givine me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn.
            What I need is a little bit of shelter."

        [this is all too much for Stan to take in, and he passes out.]

        [Randy notices]

        Stan?

---
## [Balkoth-dev/WOTR_PATH_OF_RAGE](https://github.com/Balkoth-dev/WOTR_PATH_OF_RAGE)@[373bd5719a...](https://github.com/Balkoth-dev/WOTR_PATH_OF_RAGE/commit/373bd5719a78cbdfb4469a33876874f7d97a5d2b)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 04:30:36 by Balkoth-dev

* Fixed Demon Rage so that it no longer stays if triggered in a cutscene
* Updated Unleashed Demon so that you may polymorph into a Sin Guzzler at Rank 9 at will for 24 hours.

---
## [tImIbreakdown/android_kernel_leeco_msm8976](https://github.com/tImIbreakdown/android_kernel_leeco_msm8976)@[844b573ab7...](https://github.com/tImIbreakdown/android_kernel_leeco_msm8976/commit/844b573ab7c38e93c9679bde68be2e6e60a671dd)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 08:33:15 by Daniel Borkmann

net: sctp: fix ipv6 ipsec encryption bug in sctp_v6_xmit

Alan Chester reported an issue with IPv6 on SCTP that IPsec traffic is not
being encrypted, whereas on IPv4 it is. Setting up an AH + ESP transport
does not seem to have the desired effect:

SCTP + IPv4:

  22:14:20.809645 IP (tos 0x2,ECT(0), ttl 64, id 0, offset 0, flags [DF], proto AH (51), length 116)
    192.168.0.2 > 192.168.0.5: AH(spi=0x00000042,sumlen=16,seq=0x1): ESP(spi=0x00000044,seq=0x1), length 72
  22:14:20.813270 IP (tos 0x2,ECT(0), ttl 64, id 0, offset 0, flags [DF], proto AH (51), length 340)
    192.168.0.5 > 192.168.0.2: AH(spi=0x00000043,sumlen=16,seq=0x1):

SCTP + IPv6:

  22:31:19.215029 IP6 (class 0x02, hlim 64, next-header SCTP (132) payload length: 364)
    fe80::222:15ff:fe87:7fc.3333 > fe80::92e6:baff:fe0d:5a54.36767: sctp
    1) [INIT ACK] [init tag: 747759530] [rwnd: 62464] [OS: 10] [MIS: 10]

Moreover, Alan says:

  This problem was seen with both Racoon and Racoon2. Other people have seen
  this with OpenSwan. When IPsec is configured to encrypt all upper layer
  protocols the SCTP connection does not initialize. After using Wireshark to
  follow packets, this is because the SCTP packet leaves Box A unencrypted and
  Box B believes all upper layer protocols are to be encrypted so it drops
  this packet, causing the SCTP connection to fail to initialize. When IPsec
  is configured to encrypt just SCTP, the SCTP packets are observed unencrypted.

In fact, using `socat sctp6-listen:3333 -` on one end and transferring "plaintext"
string on the other end, results in cleartext on the wire where SCTP eventually
does not report any errors, thus in the latter case that Alan reports, the
non-paranoid user might think he's communicating over an encrypted transport on
SCTP although he's not (tcpdump ... -X):

  ...
  0x0030: 5d70 8e1a 0003 001a 177d eb6c 0000 0000  ]p.......}.l....
  0x0040: 0000 0000 706c 6169 6e74 6578 740a 0000  ....plaintext...

Only in /proc/net/xfrm_stat we can see XfrmInTmplMismatch increasing on the
receiver side. Initial follow-up analysis from Alan's bug report was done by
Alexey Dobriyan. Also thanks to Vlad Yasevich for feedback on this.

SCTP has its own implementation of sctp_v6_xmit() not calling inet6_csk_xmit().
This has the implication that it probably never really got updated along with
changes in inet6_csk_xmit() and therefore does not seem to invoke xfrm handlers.

SCTP's IPv4 xmit however, properly calls ip_queue_xmit() to do the work. Since
a call to inet6_csk_xmit() would solve this problem, but result in unecessary
route lookups, let us just use the cached flowi6 instead that we got through
sctp_v6_get_dst(). Since all SCTP packets are being sent through sctp_packet_transmit(),
we do the route lookup / flow caching in sctp_transport_route(), hold it in
tp->dst and skb_dst_set() right after that. If we would alter fl6->daddr in
sctp_v6_xmit() to np->opt->srcrt, we possibly could run into the same effect
of not having xfrm layer pick it up, hence, use fl6_update_dst() in sctp_v6_get_dst()
instead to get the correct source routed dst entry, which we assign to the skb.

Also source address routing example from 625034113 ("sctp: fix sctp to work with
ipv6 source address routing") still works with this patch! Nevertheless, in RFC5095
it is actually 'recommended' to not use that anyway due to traffic amplification [1].
So it seems we're not supposed to do that anyway in sctp_v6_xmit(). Moreover, if
we overwrite the flow destination here, the lower IPv6 layer will be unable to
put the correct destination address into IP header, as routing header is added in
ipv6_push_nfrag_opts() but then probably with wrong final destination. Things aside,
result of this patch is that we do not have any XfrmInTmplMismatch increase plus on
the wire with this patch it now looks like:

SCTP + IPv6:

  08:17:47.074080 IP6 2620:52:0:102f:7a2b:cbff:fe27:1b0a > 2620:52:0:102f:213:72ff:fe32:7eba:
    AH(spi=0x00005fb4,seq=0x1): ESP(spi=0x00005fb5,seq=0x1), length 72
  08:17:47.074264 IP6 2620:52:0:102f:213:72ff:fe32:7eba > 2620:52:0:102f:7a2b:cbff:fe27:1b0a:
    AH(spi=0x00003d54,seq=0x1): ESP(spi=0x00003d55,seq=0x1), length 296

This fixes Kernel Bugzilla 24412. This security issue seems to be present since
2.6.18 kernels. Lets just hope some big passive adversary in the wild didn't have
its fun with that. lksctp-tools IPv6 regression test suite passes as well with
this patch.

 [1] http://www.secdev.org/conf/IPv6_RH_security-csw07.pdf

Reported-by: Alan Chester <alan.chester@tekelec.com>
Reported-by: Alexey Dobriyan <adobriyan@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Daniel Borkmann <dborkman@redhat.com>
Cc: Steffen Klassert <steffen.klassert@secunet.com>
Cc: Hannes Frederic Sowa <hannes@stressinduktion.org>
Acked-by: Vlad Yasevich <vyasevich@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

---
## [merpinped/MeraPineiroPedroProyectoPMDM](https://github.com/merpinped/MeraPineiroPedroProyectoPMDM)@[468b6a6ab3...](https://github.com/merpinped/MeraPineiroPedroProyectoPMDM/commit/468b6a6ab33ef51e056f4a72c897b181ade0a23f)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 09:26:54 by merpinped

Almost Heaven, West Virginia
Blue Ridge Mountains, Shenandoah River
Life is old there, older than the trees
Younger than the mountains, growing like a breeze

[Chorus]
Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads

[Verse 2]
All my memories gather 'round her
Miner's lady, stranger to blue water
Dark and dusty, painted on the sky
Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye

[Chorus]
Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads

[Bridge]
I hear her voice in the morning hour, she calls me
The radio reminds me of my home far away
Driving down the road, I get a feeling
That I should have been home yesterday, yesterday

[Chorus]
Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads
Country roads, take me home
To the place I belong
West Virginia, mountain mama
Take me home, country roads

[Outro]
Take me home, (Down) country roads
Take me home, (Down) country roads

---
## [shs96c/rules_jvm_external](https://github.com/shs96c/rules_jvm_external)@[ff565a98e4...](https://github.com/shs96c/rules_jvm_external/commit/ff565a98e40111dc60992fe3f7103ab5bce03266)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 10:42:12 by Simon Mavi Stewart

Check for native json by checking the bazel version

Apparently the native json decoder is not found at
`native.json_decode`, but the module `json` and a function `decode`

:facepalm:

Unfortunately, Bazel doesn't provide a handy mechanism to determine
whether a particular module is present.

Fortunately, we know that it arrived in Bazel 4, so all we need to do
is find the major version number of bazel and assert that it's 4 or
more.

We could use skylib for this, but it's not one of our dependencies,
and it seems like overkill to add a dependency for the single
`versions` module it offers. The check is simple enough to implement
ourselves, though, and we fall back to assuming we're not on a modern
Bazel because although 4.x has been out for a while now, we'd like to
work in ass many cases as possible.

---
## [avar/git](https://github.com/avar/git)@[9de5f36223...](https://github.com/avar/git/commit/9de5f3622304214d6c03f61db10ee89d7adcfb33)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 13:37:55 by Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason

usage API: use C99 macros for {usage,usagef,die,error,warning,die}*()

Change the "usage" family of functions to be defined in terms of C99
variadic macros, as we've optionally done with the BUG() macro and
BUG_fl() function since d8193743e08 (usage.c: add BUG() function,
2017-05-12), and unconditionally since 765dc168882 (git-compat-util:
always enable variadic macros, 2021-01-28).

This would have been possible before having a hard dependency on C99,
but as the dual implementations of C99 and pre-C99 macros and
functions adjusted in preceding commits show, doing so would have been
rather painful.

By having these be macros we'll now log meaningful "file" and "line"
entries in trace2 events. Before this we'd log "usage.c" in all of
them, and the line would be the relevant locations in that file.

To do this we need to not only introduce X_fl() functions for
{die,error,warning,die}{,_errno}(), but also change all the callers of
the set_*() and get_() functions in usage.h to take "file" and "line"
arguments.

Neither the built-in {die,error,warning,die}{,_errno}() nor anyone
else does anything useful with these "file" and "line" arguments for
now, but it means we can define all our macros and functions
consistently.

It also opens the door for a follow-up change where these functions
could optionally emit the file name and line number, e.g. for
DEVELOPER=1 builds, or depending on configuration.

It might be a good change to remove the "fmt" key from the "error"
events as a follow-up change. As these few examples from running the
test suite show it's sometimes redundant (same as the "msg"), rather
useless (just a "%s"), or something we could now mostly aggregate by
file/line instead of the normalized printf format:

      1 file":"builtin/gc.c","line":1391,"msg":"'bogus' is not a valid task","fmt":"'%s' is not a valid task"}
      1 file":"builtin/for-each-ref.c","line":89,"msg":"format: %(then) atom used more than once","fmt":"%s"}
      1 file":"builtin/fast-import.c","line":411,"msg":"Garbage after mark: N :202 :302x","fmt":"Garbage after mark: %s"}

"Mostly" here assumes that it would be OK if the aggregation changed
between git versions, which may be what all users of trace2 want. The
change that introduced the "fmt" code was ee4512ed481 (trace2: create
new combined trace facility, 2019-02-22), and the documentation change
was e544221d97a (trace2: Documentation/technical/api-trace2.txt,
2019-02-22).

Both are rather vague on what problem "fmt" solved exactly, aside from
the obvious one of it being impossible to do meaningful aggregations
due to the "file" and "line" being the same everywhere, which isn't
the case now.

In any case, let's leave "fmt" be for now, the above summary was given
in case it's interesting to remove it in the future, e.g. to save
space in trace2 payloads.

Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>

---
## [tapjs/treport](https://github.com/tapjs/treport)@[72bd7c372b...](https://github.com/tapjs/treport/commit/72bd7c372b569db23393a090f158ccc429347bfe)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 16:12:48 by isaacs

fix: Make it work on node v17, update everything

This required a lot more work than I typically like to do in a single
commit.  However, there really was no way to get it all working without
getting it ALL working, so here we are.

React is upgraded to v17, because the only way to silence all
ink-derived security advisories was to upgrade ink, which has a
dependency on a version of react-reconciler than started requiring react
17 in a minor.

This also means that there's entirely new rules about what is allowed to
go in what, the <Color> tag is gone, the <Static> tag has a whole
different interface, and some other changes.  At least Vadim had the
decency to do all this in a SemVer major, which is how it should be
done.

Silencing the ReDOS errors coming from string-length and friends
required upgrading to the newer version of string-length, which is of
course all-in on ESM now, so that stuff has been moved from being a
proper dependency to being a bundled de-ESM-ified version of those deps.
I do not like that, but until we stop supporting pre-ESM versions of
Node (and rewrite tap in ESM, which... yeah, probably not any time
soon?) there's no other way forward that I could see.

Making import-jsx work on node 17 required pulling in my git fork for
the time being, until https://github.com/vadimdemedes/import-jsx/pull/17
lands in the published version.

I think it's probably time to re-think this entire approach, get away
from React and JSX in favor of something a bit less cutting-edge.

---
## [jpmac26/Scarlet](https://github.com/jpmac26/Scarlet)@[99182ad083...](https://github.com/jpmac26/Scarlet/commit/99182ad0839ef1a24b5994218f5cd4f2759be7de)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 18:54:01 by xdanieldzd

Added MSK3 support

Yeah, I'm still having fun figuring out stuff in this Konosuba game. This is just for my own enjoyment of reverse engineering at this point, not even for datamining or fan translations or whatever. The BUP4 crap was pretty damn annoying, but the end result's pretty neat, even if conversion's pretty *slow*. I'll try those TXPL files next, and possibly last. Not much left in there I'd care about or think I can do...

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[b1ee49c961...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/b1ee49c96163bf94a4cfcf33345d92f73cdd982a)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 19:06:44 by Marko Grdinić

"11:30am. I lounged in bed quite a while today as well. I guess I'll skip the morning session. The Baki thread, the Urasekai Picnic chapter, the breakfast, the chores and then I will focus on figuring out how to attach the foot to the body. I am really quite pissed off with this behavior by Blender and considering just moving to drawing, but I need to do more. I want to finish this basic project before moving on.

Oh right.

https://youtu.be/8v5YBj_9_QU
8 Blender Addons for Retopology - YouTube

Among the tools here, the first one is not a commercial product.

https://github.com/wjakob/instant-meshes

It might be worth trying this out. Let me watch to see how it works.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xWF49Zu-i-A
Must Have Addons & Tools for Retopology

Am I really supposed to get the binary?

Oh right, I should try the Decimate modifier. I saw this yesterday.

https://youtu.be/xWF49Zu-i-A?t=177

Oh, this could be quite useful.

This could actually make the remesher viable.

https://youtu.be/xWF49Zu-i-A?t=445

What is that quad remesh? Is that a paid thing? Did it get taken out of the latest blender version?

https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/modeling/meshes/retopology.html

No, it is right here in the latest.

https://youtu.be/xWF49Zu-i-A?t=553

It says there is an addon that I can access through Blender.

https://youtu.be/xWF49Zu-i-A?t=772

The quadriflow is not what I need. The IM addon is not that good either. I suppose I could always use a high resolution voxel remesh. Even if it ends up being an insane amount of vertices it should still work.

1pm. https://syncedreview.com/2021/11/25/deepmind-podracer-tpu-based-rl-frameworks-deliver-exceptional-performance-at-low-cost-152/

This sounds pretty interesting.

1:05pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/r24rp7/d_peer_review_is_still_broken_the_neurips_2021/

Let me finish chilling and I'll do the chores. After that I'll get back into it. I've decided - I do not care if I get a zillion quads over the whole mesh. As long as the computer can take it, I'll ramp up the resolution.

2pm. Done with chores. Let me chill just a bit and then I will start.

2:10pm. Let me start. I need to wax the leg a little with slide relax. At 2.4m vertices for the foot which is what I need so I do not get those connecting lines the shade smooth does nothing.

2:15pm. I do not know what I haven't noticed it yesterday, but the foot is obviously too flat. Near the tip that is.

2:15pm. Fuck. It is just so uncomfortable to work like this. Turning on the wireframe just gives me a mostly black mesh. And I've been depending on it to give me insight into the smoothness of the curvature.

I made the body, and I made the foot and yet if feels like the body mesh is on the verge of failing. Which it is. Right now, what I want to do is abandon this try and start from scratch.

Let me go with the dyntopo approach. Being able to see the wireframe is vital for me. A zillion pixels has too many practical disadvantage for me. I'll go with brush detail. Let me simplify things. Also I'll move to another file to signify a fresh start.

2:35pm. The foot is absolutely messed up right now. I have to do it again.

2:45pm. I am finally done with putting in the required level of detail Forget brush detail it makes turning off dyntopo too difficult. Rather I'll use contrant detail and control the level of vertices as I go along. Resulution of 25 for the toes, and 10 for the rest of the foot seems fine. I wanted to make it 5 for the rest of the foot, but in that case I noticed I do not have enough vertices to make the curve of the foot smooth. So 25/10 is good. I have 7k vertices in the foot. No matter what kind of performance impact dyntopo has, it can't be worse than having to deal with 2.4m vertices.

Now, since I used smooth a lot to get rid of the artifacts the foot lost a lot of volume along with most of the detail. Those knee joint protrusions are gone and the foot has narrowed quite a bit. Apart from the toes I need to work on it quite a bit. Let me do it.

I had to take a loss here, but this is still better than starting from scratch.

2:50pm. Now focus me. Let me use the elastic deform. I need to knock it back into shape.

2:55pm. Elastic deform with ctrl is really good.

I have no idea what the grab brush is even for when the elastic deform is so much better. Now I have a problem of the big toe merging into the middle one. I have no idea when that happened. But I know how to solve this now. Let me use the scrape brush with the original normal settings. I'll make it the plane as well.

3:05pm. Mhhh, no there is something completely wrong with this. This is the place where I remeshed once, got those weird connections and then used a mask slice to cut it apart as DevilPeace showed me. The smooth tool does not work here. And that reason why I had them sticking into one another cause the elastic deform outright fails to move the vertices. I should try using lasso cut here.

3:10pm. No, this is complete messed up. I need to cut up more.

3:30pm. Ok, I somehow resolved the issue. Then I started working on the middle toe. No forget that. It does not matter if it is as fat as the index one. Forget it. Why am I working it without a mask anyway?

To much unexpected stuff is happening which wastes my time. Let me finish positioning the foot properly.

To fix this issue I had to cut off the troublesome parts and the fill in the lost colume. with dyntopo + the draw brush.

3:40pm. Sigh, now I need to figure out how to put the joint bones in the right place again.

3:45pm. Let me check out the video again so I can make sure of this.

3:50pm. Ah, I had the previous mesh open and the current one matches. Ok good.

Now, the toes are decent, it shape is decent, and I am lmost ready to move to the next step. Let me just make sure of the overall pose of the foot. I might gone too far with how much it is falling downwards. I do not think that Flycat's was like that. Yes it is true.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=516

His has only a slight angle, maybe 10*. But mine is 30*. I need to adjust this.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=533

Let me take a break here.

4:15pm. Let me resume. I do not know why I did not notice it before, but Flycat's feet are quite thick. Quite a bit more than I'd expect them to be. His girl has a lot of mass there.

Ok, let me gradually deform the model so the hell is lower. That will lower the overall angle.

4:25pm. Ok, enough fiddling around. At this point I've graduated from how to do feet. It is good enough. After certain point, putting in more effort results in worse outcomes. I should focus on the most salient features and leave the rest to chance.

Now, let me import the proper mesh from one of the other files. As I said yesterday, I made a huge draw brush line by accident and ruined the legs on the current one.

4:35pm. That mask cut is pestilence. I should not be using it. Just now it almost messed things up for me.

Let me move to a new file in case I wreck this.

4:55pm. I've managed to merge the two together. And what do I see? It is not just my imagination.

The way I've managed to sculpt the body makes it seem very smooth. But looking at the foot, I see that it is quite rough. There are these unintended planes everywhere. A consequence of this is that those areas look ugly as if they were aged.

The dyntopo topoology is quite rough, while the remesher one is smooth. That is the main difference. If I retopologized I bet I could get rid of most of these planes.

But I am wondering, would any of these smooth modifiers work. They don't seem to be doing anything thus far. Let me check out the videos on them.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=blender+smooth+modifier

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0dH2QN0TZ0
Blender Tutorial I Smooth Modifier

Ah, this is from 2012. Let me go for something newer.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7FyVnRX0EzM
Cut Faces Like Never Before with This Addon l Face Cutter

This caught my eye.

https://youtu.be/sqGFhiP-2mc
Weighted Normal | Blender 2.8x Tutorial

Let me watch this as well.

https://youtu.be/R4kOeDSohpA
Corrective Smooth Modifier I Blender Tutorial

No forget that. Let me just go with this.

5:20pm. Focus me, stop doing Reddit posting.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uo2E0b5Hbik
Laplacian Smooth Modifier - Tutorial

Let me check this out.

https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/modeling/modifiers/deform/laplacian_smooth.html

No this affects the whole object, but this small dyntopo noise which produces wrinkles is not touched by this. The smooth brush, nor the relax slide can't deal with it either so I guess the modifier it is based on not being able to is nothing surprising.

https://blender.community/c/rightclickselect/mvbbbc/?sorting=hot
IMPROVE THE SMOOTH BRUSH FOR FLAT DYNTOPO SURFACES

Let me take a look at this.

5:50pm. Ok, I've decided. This kind of issue is what has been hounding me since day one. Remeber that first female body mesh. It had these planes which made the model seem aged. This time around though I got lucky thanks to the retopo tool, but otherwise I would have gotten the ugliness again.

It seems dyntopo results in these creasy curves automatically. They happen when the curvature is locally flat and are only visible when I look at it on a sharp angle. Smoothing is not the answer. Better topology is the answer.

Last time I thought it was my lack of skill that was the problem, but now I know better. These issues always arise due to topology.

Rather than worrying about it, I should just complete the model and retopologize by hand. That will get me what I want.

Forget the feet. They are done, and I did a good job.

5:55pm. Now let me concern myself with the back. I want to check out whether I got that muscle right. I probably need to make some adjustment.

6pm. Focus me. Since it is 6pm I almost feel like closing, but I need to put in some overtime for missing the morning session. I want to get the body mesh dealt with. After I deal with the head, I'll try retopologizing.

Focus me. Where is that DevilPeace torso video?

6pm. No actually, let me look at his instep joint positioning again. Just why is it so high in the reference?

6:10pm. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=538

No what I have in the reference is a weird lighting artefact. It is too high to be a joint.

In fact from the angle I am looking at it is quite hard to observe the joints so I should not be able to see them anyway. The balls of my feet might be too small, but that is such an irrelevant thing that I am not going to bother with.

6:15pm. https://youtu.be/NYT1QG4GF5s?t=20

I think I got it right. On the skinless model check out the muscles near the ass. There is clearly a bone separating the back from the butt. That means I halted my back muscle at the right point. It would have absolutely been wrong to have it continue all the way in.

6:35pm. Had to leave for lunch. Let me resume.

6:40pm. As long as I did not make any anatomical violations than everything is fine.

Ok. Let me move on to the arms, thought I really do feel like closing for the day.

6:45pm. I really do not feel like it, but let me just watch how Flycat does the arms. I want to look at them a bit more.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=548

This is a good shot of the arms. They flab downwards a bit.

6:50pm. No it is not that they flab. It is that I needed to add some mass on the biceps.

6:55pm. Should the back of the arm really be sinking in?

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=551

This is a good shot. No indeed it should not.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=570

This is a good shot of the back. I think I got the elbow wrong. I need to make sure to get it right. Right now I am messing with it, but I am not sure I got it right.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=575

Ah only here is he putting in the joint protrusions.

7:45pm. I touched up the body a bit. And with this I am done with both the body and arms. Now everything is there except the head and the hands. I'll do the hands tomorrow and promptly move to work on the head.

I am almost done with this damn mesh. I'll get through it soon enough, retopo it, post some screenshots into /ic/, maybe post it online somewhere and then move on to drawing. I'll draw, draw and draw until I get good at it. I'll master the essential elements of art and get myself into shape where I will be able to create assets for Heaven's Key. After I am done with visual it will be time to study music.

With those two skills in tow I'll have absolute readiness. I was good at programming, but being able to create anything I imagine with just my own power will make me apex dev in the present era.

7:55pm. I could get a job, but there is no way I will leave my future development up to what is essentially a loterry.

8:05pm. Yesterday I spnet what must be 4h building the decks for all the floor librarians. Let me finally get some gaming done.

I am done here for the day.

I am definitely going to get the hands done tomorrow."

---
## [curusarn/resh](https://github.com/curusarn/resh)@[81097e82f1...](https://github.com/curusarn/resh/commit/81097e82f1181121dbeb056738e4c5ea00053799)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 21:11:48 by Simon Let

Drop Arrow key bindings

CLI search app is the main feature of
resh. I'm dropping arrow key feature
so that I have more time to focus on
the CLI search app.

The arrow keys were hacky in bash anyway
so I'm kinda happy to see them go.
You shouldn't really notice a big
difference in how the arrow keys work.

Sorry if this affects you in any way.

---
## [TorannD/RWoM](https://github.com/TorannD/RWoM)@[ccc7d0567d...](https://github.com/TorannD/RWoM/commit/ccc7d0567d3cd0039c481a673a8e6e2c24a4869e)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 22:12:50 by TorannD

v2.6.3.0 update

New:
 Note: both new classes demonstrate methods of using any hediff or need as a resource for abilities
 o Empath Class - an unique magic class that manipulates emotional (mood/joy) energy to fuel their abilities; there is no 'book' to learn to become an empath - it can only be acquired naturally
 Abilities:
	- Empathy: controls the innate empathic skill to raise spirits
	- Mind Killer: floods all nearby pawns with stored emotions that opens a variety of reactions due to the emotional stress
	- Suppressive Aura: blocks or filters the emotions (good and bad) of nearby pawns at the cost of emotional stress on the empath; prevents mental breaks of suppressed pawns
	- Harvest Passion: attempts to overcome the will of a target and steal their work passions; requires an inspiration
	- Incite Passion: transfers a work passions from the empath to a selected target

 o Apothecary Class - dedicated to the creation of tonics, tinctures, potions and remedies; the apothecary class creates several useful solutions using natural ingredients found in every-day harvesting work.
 Abilities:
	- Herbalist: governs the skill of the apothecary; improves ingredient discovery, preservation and efficiency
	- Elixir: creates a fast acting tonic that speeds wound recovery, fights diseases and infections, and even reduces signs of scars and aging. Side effects may include...
	- Soothing Balm: a mixture of ingredients that can be applied to open wounds to immediately treat them; the salve also reduces overall pain and prevents infections. In large doses, soothing balm may be used as an anesthetic
	- Poison Flask: throw a vial of noxious ingredients that expands into a cloud when it shatters, causing damage to the lungs and throat of anyone that breaths the fumes

 The Apothecary is considered a 'fighter' class and the Empath a 'mage' class, but they are only weakly attuned to their respective fields; training can improve these skills somewhat

Tweaks:
 o Custom class marker will now use the colonist bar mark if classTexturePath is left blank
 o Magical Aura's and undead will trigger the "witnessed magic" ideology requirement

Bug fixes:
 o Living wall skill levels correctly save
 o Shard of extraction correctly removes the Death Knight class
 o Enchanted Body skills correctly apply to Enchanted Aura

---
## [mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming)@[d0993c426e...](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming/commit/d0993c426ef76bdcdf1683d6655a675508dab3aa)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 22:14:14 by Karel Ha

Compete in AtCoder ABC 228

standings: 1815/5828 (~6300 competing) on p. 91/409
-> PERCENTILE >68% (~ >71%) :-/ :-(
rank: 1814/6298 [median rank :-O]
-> PERCENTILE >71% :-/ :-/
rating: -4 -> 1094 [5 KYU] :-/
performance as 1067 [bottom-third performance :-/ :-/]

Analysis
--------

- Sleepy/groggy & painful round.
  - a lot of WAs:
    - tricky A
    - off-by-1 bug in C
    - frustrating D
      - RE <- due to assert
      - used `if` instead `while`
  - stress from seeing tourist already having 4-5 problems by 10-15 min :-/
    => DON'T CHECK LEADERBOARD BEFORE A-B-C ACCEPTED!!!
- Very tight arrival.
  - no Brush Teeth, finishing breakfast while reading A
    - only 5-min breakfeast (2 small corn breads)
      - still pretty hungry
- I came on time!
- first 2 problems in <16 min +5min :-/ :-(
- first 3 problems in <44 min +5 min :-/
- 4/7 ACs
  - 2 WAs, 1 RE in D
  => KEEP CALM, FOCUS & PAY ATTENTION TO TRICKY DETAILS!!
  => NEVER GIVE UP!

A:
* WAs bugs:
  - adding X+=24 if (S>T)
    - instead of if (S>X)
  => IN MODULAR ARITHMETICS: ADD +MOD IF (VALSTART>X)!

B:
- straightforwardly follow pointers/nexts in A[]
* hesitations:
  - offset by 1, since A[] contains 1-based indexing?
    => ONCE PICKED 1-BASED INDEXING, KEEP IN MIND ALL OVER THE CODE!!
    => OR TRANSFORM TO 0-BASED INDEXING!
  - init result to 0 or 1, when setting the first `used[X-1]=1;`?
  - terminating condition in while?
    => WHEN UNSURE ABOUT HOW TO TERMINATE WHILE/DO-WHILE, SET TO TRUE/1 AND TERMINATE INSIDE WITH IF-ELSE!!!!

C:
* hesitations:
  - how to count #elements larger via upper_bound?
    - `N-1+(...)` formula vs. `.end()-upper_bound()`?
    => CHOOSE  `.END()-UPPER_BOUND()` FOR #ELEMENTS LARGER THAN!!
* presubmit bugs:
  - `rank>=K` instead of `rank<=K`
    => BEWARE OF TOP VS. BOTTOM IN RANKS!
    => PAY CLOSER ATTENTION IN MATH TO < VS. >!!
* WAs:
  - forgotten +1 to rank
    => DISPLAY VALUES/RANKS WHEN UNCERTAIN TO BE SURE ABOUT CORRECTNESS OF VALUES!
       - NOT JUST THE FINAL RESULT!!
    - see in4 for example where it fails
    => ALWAYS CREATE A TESTCASE WHERE THE OLD APPROACH FAILS BUT NOT THE NEW APPROACH!!

D:
- solved almost last-minute! :-/ ^_^
- optimize hops via union-find DS
* hesitations:
  - how to treat the 1st write
    => ANALYZE EACH CASE/SCENARIO DURING THE PLANNING PHASE!!!!
  - re-designed/re-factored 3-4 times
    - e.g. union-find link[] initialized to UNDEF constant -> segfaults :-(
    => USE STANDARD APPROACHES: DON'T COME UP W/ CUSTOM MODIFICATIONS IF YOU'VE NEVER TRIED IT/ARE NOT SURE ABOUT IT!
* presubmit bugs:
  - what to do in the first write?
    - treat as a dedicated case?
    => WRITE MORE GENERAL CONDITIONS TO TREAT SPECIAL CASES!!
       - I.E. `IF (A[H]!=-1)` INSTEAD OF CHECKING ORIGINALITY OF `H`
  - assert next cell is empty??
* presubmit bugs:
  - assert failed
    - perhaps if the next cell is connected to next segment of non-(-1)'s
    => USE MORE GENERAL WHILE INSTEAD OF IF, WHEN UNSURE ABOUT INVARIANTS/ASSERTS!!!!
    -> it worked last minute, uff ^_^
- only 1890 ACs / 3361 submissions
  - slonichobot [1 Kyu - blue] below me in leaderboard
    - 6 attempts!
  - tricky, but perhaps easy
    -> but perhaps not on the first try
    => PLAN PROPERLY, TAKING EACH CASE/SCENARIO INTO ACCOUNT!!!!
    - knekoooo est. difficulty: 1035 [mid-green]
      - should have attempted solution via {lower,upper}_bound!
        - see tourist's solution!

Signed-off-by: Karel Ha <mathemage@gmail.com>

---
## [joshlrogers/JensStore](https://github.com/joshlrogers/JensStore)@[1d3b0d52aa...](https://github.com/joshlrogers/JensStore/commit/1d3b0d52aa7fa65b116493e6d901c595346ee702)
#### Friday 2021-11-26 22:39:55 by Josh Rogers

Merge pull request #1 from joshlrogers/FuckYouGit

Fuck you git

---

# [<](2021-11-25.md) 2021-11-26 [>](2021-11-27.md)

