# [<](2021-12-12.md) 2021-12-13 [>](2021-12-14.md)

3,716,558 events, 1,891,390 push events, 2,790,399 commit messages, 215,566,744 characters


## [afkHom/Console-app](https://github.com/afkHom/Console-app)@[11b5cca49e...](https://github.com/afkHom/Console-app/commit/11b5cca49e7ff2f3eb407fa743fdb1ec7f90527f)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 01:56:12 by Hom

Revert "fuck you"

This reverts commit 13aff3412025f712412a1bf355ca3d4dde19d9d4.

---
## [PlethoraChutney/Advent-of-Code](https://github.com/PlethoraChutney/Advent-of-Code)@[4717bd9120...](https://github.com/PlethoraChutney/Advent-of-Code/commit/4717bd9120ac04da5735e5ed5ac817a68f7252bc)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 02:27:07 by Rich

It is slow and ugly but I fucking hate these so it is done

---
## [eliotbaez/libcobalt](https://github.com/eliotbaez/libcobalt)@[a70f5ff88c...](https://github.com/eliotbaez/libcobalt/commit/a70f5ff88ce1d700dd86c92cf02867f03232745f)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 03:22:02 by Eliot Baez

Write function CMakeLists.txt files

Believe me when I tell you that this was a major pain in the behind. In
about a day I forced myself to understand, to the necessary extent, how
CMakeLists.txt and CMake as a whole work. Some stupid mistakes, like
forgetting to add include directories, slowed down my workflow
considerably. This is what happens when I have a 68 line Makefile that
I'm trying to convert into a CMakeLists.txt collection. It is not
pretty.

In other news, the rationale for this commit: moving toward a more
cross-platform build process. Makefiles had proven to be very difficult
to port to Windows on their own. Hopefully the time and frustration that
I have spent writing the CMakeLists.txt files will pay off.

---
## [BsoftLimited/Color-Guessing-Game-android](https://github.com/BsoftLimited/Color-Guessing-Game-android)@[68b9e8aed7...](https://github.com/BsoftLimited/Color-Guessing-Game-android/commit/68b9e8aed7deefe34f4cf4610f43abc419ea3c11)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 04:14:20 by Okelekele Nobel Bobby

man i hate gradle, God someone needs to fix this shit

---
## [jake-landersweb/jake_website](https://github.com/jake-landersweb/jake_website)@[a7bd8cf529...](https://github.com/jake-landersweb/jake_website/commit/a7bd8cf5293793ab8c53353d0d4ae48dbea60398)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 04:25:16 by jake-landersweb

fuck images god fucking damn make this shit actually fuciing work

---
## [1j01/os-gui](https://github.com/1j01/os-gui)@[750f08c69f...](https://github.com/1j01/os-gui/commit/750f08c69f3f16a78efb7fe852a2ef015306e5f7)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 04:29:30 by Isaiah Odhner

Fix subpixel issues with menu button borders, and margin-bottom

This was the most overwrought CSS I've ever written.
It was an interesting exercise in taking on too many requirements, and it WORKED! But not adding an extra element is a silly constraint.

And it had some problems:
1. With non-integer width text, browsers normally snap borders to device pixels, but with this solution the borders sometimes became blurry in Chrome, and in Firefox, stayed crisp but occasionally disappeared (depending on the exact widths of text rendered in a particular font)
2. It was missing the margin-bottom of 1px; the menu popups were still aligned correctly relatively, but the bottom shadow/highlight got cut off when using it in an application (specifically JS Paint).
3. So. Much. Code! Yeah it's way too complex for what it does.

Anyways while I am proud of my delicate border-balancing monstrosity (it does show my CSS ability), this commit on the other hand displays my restraint and maturity as a developer, as I have no qualms with binning this contrived code and simply adding a span.

---
## [Gregory-Meyer/cht](https://github.com/Gregory-Meyer/cht)@[89fa2855eb...](https://github.com/Gregory-Meyer/cht/commit/89fa2855eb6beb4b922517aaa309254187a66334)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 04:56:45 by Gregory Meyer (gregjm)

0.5.0 (#28)

* convert license from MIT to AGPL-3.0-or-later (#21)

Now that I've started working, I've very quickly started to see and
recognize the value of having implementations of novel algorithms have
strong copyleft licenses. Let's quantify this with a couple numbers,
shall we?

Let's say my salary is $150k for an junior position at FAAAN. Let's then
say that I work 8 hours a day, five days a week, 52 weeks a year. That's
2,080 hours of work a year, at $72.12 an hour. cht is 2745 source lines
of code at the time of writing. If a professional developer can write 50
lines of code a day, it would take them 54.9 days to reproduce cht. 54.9
days is 439.2 hours of work time, which is $31,675.10 of junior
developer time.

In other words, if your company wants to save $31,675.10 dollars by
using my code instead of writing it yourself: please open source your
work.

* Remove unnecessary benchmarks and dependencies (#22)

* remove benchmarks

These naive benchmarks are kind of useless compared to a proper
benchmarking harness like [bustle]. I recommend you look into something
more comprehensive (like bustle!) if you are looking at benchmarks.

[bustle]: https://github.com/jonhoo/bustle

* remove dependency on aHash

I don't think there is a particularly good reason to use aHash by
default when the standard library provides a perfectly serviceable
hashing function on its own. If you are tuning for performance, I think
you would use something like [xxh3], [wyhash], or [aHash] anyways, and
you're probably going to explicitly specify it too so I don't swipe it
out from underneath you (like I'm doing right now!).

[xxh3]: https://github.com/Cyan4973/xxHash
[wyhash]: https://github.com/wangyi-fudan/wyhash
[aHash]: https://github.com/tkaitchuck/ahash

* bump num_cpus from 1.12.0 to 1.13.0

* Remove SegmentedHashMap (#25)

The segmented hash map doesn't **actually** benchmark faster... why
would anybody use it? Also, I would like to not have to maintain the
code. This is especially troublesome given that, after checking my
commit history, it appears that I maintain this repository about once
a year.

* update to Rust 2021, bump dependencies (#26)

* Update year of AGPL 3.0 license headers (#27)

* Bump version to 0.5.0

---
## [orageniumcodes/Funkin](https://github.com/orageniumcodes/Funkin)@[4ac43169a3...](https://github.com/orageniumcodes/Funkin/commit/4ac43169a30e1bcbbb102b247468fbfcb08a2088)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 05:15:03 by orageniumcodes

FUCK YOU NINJAMUFFIN

EAT MY DICK ADD GHOST TAPPING

---
## [JosephBless/SunFounder_PiCar-V](https://github.com/JosephBless/SunFounder_PiCar-V)@[d76be2a39d...](https://github.com/JosephBless/SunFounder_PiCar-V/commit/d76be2a39dc8d539aea1c91e9dd171a68ec8a762)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 07:07:10 by Joseph Hsieh

Raspberry Pi 3 B+

SunFounder Smart Video Car Kit for Raspberry Pi
SunFounder Smart Video Car Kit V2.0

Quick Links:

About this kit
Update
Trouble Shootings
About SunFounder
License
Contact us

About this kit:
This kit is a upgrade from Sunfounder Smart Video Car Kit for Raspberry Pi. With wide angle camera, new motor driver, with-sensor-extension Robot HATS, makes this kit cleaner, much more beautiful and much more useful. Also, as motor driver has been change to TB6612FNG, this code is not compatible with Version 1.

This code is divided into two part, server and client. Server runs under Python 2 and Django 1.9, and client runs under Python 3 and PyQt 5. Server side runs on Raspberry Pi, and you can run the client side on Windows and Linux (Haven't test on Mac.). Also, you can control the car via web browser. Even though its not that better, but it works.

We are happy to see your issus and pull request. Feel free to be apart.


Update:
2016-08-25:

New Release
###Trouble Shootings: None

---
## [Epicpkmn11/art](https://github.com/Epicpkmn11/art)@[9a7196d6fd...](https://github.com/Epicpkmn11/art/commit/9a7196d6fd503ea0016e48031de74b44b6bbc89c)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 07:36:44 by Pk11

NASA is Lojban not Vötgil

*aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa* I feel so dumb, I shoulda noticed something was up when ⟨'⟩ wasn't a phoneme in Vötgil, but Vötgil was just kinda my first guess as to what that language was as the Vötgil episode of Conlang Critic is frequently referenced in jan Misali's songs and the letters matched up besides ⟨'⟩.....
If I'd looked at a text sample it woulda been super obvious this isn't Vötgil lol, but I just kinda didn't notice...

Luckily the consonants used in the song are almost the same apart from ⟨'⟩ being /h/ and ⟨x⟩ being /x/... Which is a bit annoying since /x/ isn't a sound Kasane Teto can make... The vowels though... Ugh the vowels are completely wrong and now I feel kinda awful about it cause I can't fix the videos, eh I'll fix the release at least

Also fixes '(pilin esun o)' being '(pilin e suno)', I figured that was a typo as there were a couple others in the sheet music, but jan Misali clarified that was intentional

---
## [apache/incubator-doris](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris)@[ef2ea1806e...](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/ef2ea1806e4fb77369ab17a02d20fc8a286be43e)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 08:26:50 by HB

[docs] Improve the chapter on debugging FE in doc.  (#7309)

At present, there are defects in the chapter on debugging FE in doc. My colleagues and I stepped on the pit when 
building the debugging environment, so I want to improve this chapter in combination with my own stepping on the pit 
experience.

The following is my explanation of the changes: 

1. mkdir -p ./thirdparty/installed/bin
explain: When I downloaded versions 0.14 and 0.15, there were no files under thirdparty, so I didn't know whether to 
create it myself or what to do. Finally, I decided to create it myself. I think it's necessary to add instructions here.

2. Add installation thrift@0.13.0 Failed handling method. 
explain: My colleagues and I failed to find the installation package when executing the installation command, and finally 
found a solution on GitHub. Therefore, I added the handling method of the problem to avoid other Mac users from 
getting stuck in this place.

3. Fixed an error in the generated code description.
explain: Before I finished building the code, I debugged FE, and I failed all the time. Idea hints that no files can be found. 
Later, after consulting with morningman in wechat group, it was understood that `mvn install -DskipTests` does not 
need to execute `mvn generate-sources` after execution. This is inconsistent with the description in the document and 
needs to be corrected.

---
## [ramuuns/aoc](https://github.com/ramuuns/aoc)@[9744c7def8...](https://github.com/ramuuns/aoc/commit/9744c7def832c280692cede13b8e07c6f34658bf)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 09:22:56 by Ramūns Usovs

Day 13

annoyingly since I don't want to ocr my thing and the runner kinda
expets shit to be ints, instead of returning it we just print it as is
and return a zero,

I guess I should change the runner to deal with this (e.g. via footnotes
or something, where it puts a footnote index in the output table, and
prints the actual thing in a footnote)

---
## [TriHardspace/Mainsite](https://github.com/TriHardspace/Mainsite)@[b1ea365d7b...](https://github.com/TriHardspace/Mainsite/commit/b1ea365d7be784b3d013b6129e4bfc62baa2570f)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 09:28:19 by Tyler Hoban

"Terms of Service"

my god, heres to 3 more commits

thanks for fucking ruining my life github web

---
## [hiyokun-d/hiyokun-d](https://github.com/hiyokun-d/hiyokun-d)@[2351b245e6...](https://github.com/hiyokun-d/hiyokun-d/commit/2351b245e62f79185253de9f488cda57e13099bd)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 10:01:26 by hiyo

Merge pull request #1 from AvaxarXapaxa/patch-1

### Hi I'm hiyo

<!--
**hiyokun-d/hiyokun-d** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

I like to eat sate, sate is from Indonesian btw if seen this my grammar is broken so **ignore my grammar** thank you and back to the topic. 
- 📖my hobby is learning a new thing
- 🧑🏻‍🦱 I'm male
- 🥲and I'm single

I do not focus on programming and I like to make game prototypes or maybe sometimes I make games complete but I'm not uploading in Github because I'm too lazy to do that also **my grammar is broken HEEEELP** oh yeah I don't know what I write here but thank you for reading this you waste your time to read my profile

btw right now my age is about 16 that's it I too lazy to write this so this is the end and congratulations you waste your time to read this bye and I'm sorry also bye

---
## [Intermetheus/PixelSouls](https://github.com/Intermetheus/PixelSouls)@[67396430bb...](https://github.com/Intermetheus/PixelSouls/commit/67396430bb6518b2321dae6d496c3559b2df5ea5)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 11:05:48 by plazmacode

CHAOS

aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

This is like the old testament, god was fucking evil and so is this commit

---
## [theTwist84/gameShieldDll](https://github.com/theTwist84/gameShieldDll)@[d80cec517f...](https://github.com/theTwist84/gameShieldDll/commit/d80cec517f018cb045b8f17679931e959545a024)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 14:21:58 by theTwister

don't modified my code unless you actually know what the fuck you're doing

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[cf529de9f3...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/cf529de9f333d9c9d1e2e340c828ebbbb9b58e4c)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 18:04:09 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] omeren

newested library

Yoinkered https://github.com/EnigmaEngine/EnigmaEngine & https://github.com/ShadowMario/FNF-PsychEngine/ . WHOAHOW!!! there's alot!!! Most importantly to begin Enigma kinda of compatibility of something, including Hscript hookx to system functionality beyond gamplay modchart yess. not yet there, but we've started yoinkered them.

change font for song title progress meter bar into Ubuntu Mono due to that vcr font we have here in FNF doesn not have international support. Yep, that Simple Dimple song title in Russian Cyrilic.

Gave up! modCore still not realize the lua script over there. WOrkaround, just put only the modchart.lua directly into the main data/song/yoursongID there. Yeah this is bad, but at least FileDaddy can still have mods & manual direct to main injection. Hybrid mod!

 Loading bar trouble!!! I need help! I cannot make the Textfield in the LoadingBar sprite to show!!! https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/issues/29 for now, we're just gonna mirror the text into the KadeEngineFPS text data too aswell. ah it works. Yeah just this OpenFl sprite doesn't want to show up at all 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 PLS HELP HOW DO I OPEN FL DO THIS?!??!?!?!

https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/issues/28 Okay here it is, the legacy Kade Lua modchart yey. You can enable this in Option menu, category Gameplay wow!!! maybe move to another category?? idk.. it's related to Gameplay, and it's that Lua gameplay modchart.

OKAY!!! NOW don't forget since you've made the compatible platform to have VLC as background video, the Modchart both Lua & Haxe script also has to know which Video handler did it used.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[66ca25d748...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/66ca25d748735aed60bacd2cff72a2250c30075d)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 18:25:39 by Marko Grdinić

"12:05pm. I could have gotten up earlier, but I felt like lounging in bed. Got some extra shut eye. My thoughts are completely on the upcoming interview in 6h. First of all, let me see if the thread closed via the remote question. Nope. I guess I'll be really going to it at this rate. Fine.

12:10pm. I need to clear my head. During the night I've been thinking about salary negotiations if I pass the interview, but let me leave that out of mind. What I should do now is have breakfast, do the chores and refresh my memory of Python.

1pm. Done with chores. Let me have breakfast.

1:45pm. Done with breakfast.

Let me chill just a bit and then I will get my bearings. The first thing will be to setup the camera. After that I'll do some light programming and refresh my mind of the things I've made. Maybe I'll do some light programming in Python. Right now I am too nervous to really focus on the Blender stuff. It was a lot easier for me to be cool yesterday. Now I am getting emotionally involved.

2:15pm. Let me start. Sigh, this kind of stress reminds me of programming competitions. Let me check the mail. Nothing. At this point it is too late to abort the interview. Even if it is not remote, it would be better for other side to go through it than rather than waste an hour of their time. My read is that they aren't completely sure whether they want remote or not. For something like tooling work, they might be open to it.

Ok, the Python kernel works. Let me setup the camera.

2:20pm. That was easy. Everything is in working order.

Now I need to warm up. Maybe I'll do some light HackerRank exercises. I do not want it to be that I spend an hour figuring out how to parse numbers like last time. Though I am not sure what the interview will be about, I should reminds myself of the basics. Like I should not need to Google how to throw exceptions in Python.

2:30pm. Let me go through my old work in Spiral. I want to see what I did on the Python side.

```py
raise Exception("has error")
```

Ah, this is how exceptions work. Ok.

2:50pm. My old stuff really is complicated. The way to handle is to just put some constraints on what the system should do at any particular point and then move on from there.

Ok, let me do some exercises. I'll do this for an hour and then go back to Blender. I need to chill rather than work myself into a frenzy.

https://stackabuse.com/convert-strings-to-numbers-and-numbers-to-strings-in-python/

First let me figure out how to parse the input for HR problems. I do not want to get stuck on this during the interview or I will look like a moron.

```py
#!/usr/bin/python

# Head ends here

def next_move(posr, posc, board):
    print("")

# Tail starts here

if __name__ == "__main__":
    pos = [int(i) for i in input().strip().split()]
    board = [[j for j in input().strip()] for i in range(5)]
    next_move(pos[0], pos[1], board)
```

3:05pm. Ok, so strip() just trims the trails and split separates the inputs ok. No problem.

3:20pm. Had to take a short break. Let me do the problem. It is really a simple one.

https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-minion-game/problem?isFullScreen=true

This one I mean.

Ahhh, how do I import types in Python?

3:30pm. No I do not need it for strings. The type of string in Python is just `str`.

```py
def is_vovel(x : str):
    x = x.lower()
    x == "a" or x == "e" or x == "i" or x == "o" or x == "u"

def minion_game(x):
    def score(f):
        s = 0
        for i in range(len(x)):
            if f(x[i]):
                s += len(x) - i
        return s

    p1_score = score(is_vovel)
    p2_score = score(lambda s: not is_vovel(s))

    if p1_score < p2_score: print(f"Kevin {p2_score}")
    elif p1_score == p2_score: print("Draw")
    else: print(f"Stuart {p1_score}")
```

At any rate, here is how I did it. This is a linear solution so there should be any problems. Let me give it a try.

3:35pm. I am getting the wrong answer. What did I get wrong?

```py
def is_vovel(x : str):
    x = x.lower()
    x == "a" or x == "e" or x == "i" or x == "o" or x == "u"

def minion_game(x):
    def score(f):
        s = 0
        for i in range(len(x)):
            if f(x[i]):
                print(x[i:])
                s += len(x) - i
        return s

    p1_score = score(is_vovel)
    p2_score = score(lambda s: not is_vovel(s))

    # if p1_score < p2_score: print(f"Kevin {p2_score}")
    # elif p1_score == p2_score: print("Draw")
    # else: print(f"Stuart {p1_score}")
    print(p1_score,p2_score)

minion_game("banana")
```
```
banana
anana
nana
ana
na
a
0 21
```

Let me print it like this. It seems like the check is always false. I wonder how this happened.

```py
def is_vovel(x : str):
    x = x.lower()
    print(f"- {x}")
    x == "a" or x == "e" or x == "i" or x == "o" or x == "u"
```

Ahhhh, I forgot the return statement!

This is due to my nature as a functional programmer. It is a good thing I am doing this warm up exercise.

3:45pm. It seems I got the players the wrong way around.

3:50pm. https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/merge-the-tools/problem?isFullScreen=true

This seems moderately challenging. It would be easy for me in F#, but in Python I need to figure out how hash sets work.

https://www.w3schools.com/python/python_sets.asp

///

Unordered means that the items in a set do not have a defined order.

Set items can appear in a different order every time you use them, and cannot be referred to by index or key.

///

So they are unordered. Is there any inbuilt function to split a string into chars.

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-split-string-into-list-of-characters/

Ok, I'll use a list comprehension for this.

Oh, whops. How do you init an empty set in Python?

4:05pm.

```py
# https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/merge-the-tools

def filter_substring(s):
    h = set()
    def add(c):
        b = not c in h
        if b: h.add(c)
        return b
    return "".join(c for c in s if add(c))

def merge_the_tools(s, k):
    for i in range(len(s) // k):
        print(filter_substring(s[i*k:(i+1)*k]))

merge_the_tools("AABCAAADA", 3)
```

This should be fine. Let me try submitting it.

4:05pm. It all passes. This time I did not make a mistake with a return statement. Or rather, I did, but I caught it in time.

4:10pm. This was a nice refresher.

Ok, I have the mindset down. If I can maintain it during the interview I'll have no problem.

Let me do the Blender tutorial next. Tow exercises are enough of a warmup.

4:15pm. Focus me. Let me dig up where I was yesterday.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JzYk9huKjMw
"Second Trumpet" Remix - Lobotomy Corporation

I keep listening to this. LoboCorp just has a great OST.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbG-tPViCkA
Nodes 4 Noobs | Lvl 3 -Mixing Nodes | Beginners Guide to Nodes | Blender 2.8

Let me close it. Nodes 4 Noobs is what I should be following. For the next hour.

4:30pm. https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/3.0/addons/node/node_wrangler.html

Ok, let me install this.

4:35pm. https://youtu.be/JbG-tPViCkA?t=351

In the limbo in order to make the wardrobe and the carpet red, instead of messing with the curves, I should have just used the color mixer.

https://youtu.be/JbG-tPViCkA?t=472

Ah, it has blend modes.

4:50pm. Done with the video.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYEP7ZjLmaQ
Nodes 4 Noobs | Lvl 4 - Using Photo Textures Without Unwrapping | Beginners Guide to Nodes

4:55pm. A breather and then I will start. The interview is literally in an hour at this point.

5pm. Let me resume. Time for the next thing.

Let me have lunch here. I'll trust in my gut not to send me packing during the interview. Let me just relax.

5:30pm. Done with lunch. Let me watch one more video. After that I'll lean back and wait for the interview from start. How nerve wracking. I have zero idea how it will go or what I will be tested on.

5:35pm. I need to keep in mind that this is a side thing, and that Blender is the main thing.

5:45pm. https://youtu.be/JYEP7ZjLmaQ?t=416

This is cool.

https://youtu.be/JYEP7ZjLmaQ?t=496

Let me stop here I am too nervous to follow the video anymore. The interview is in 15m. There are all sorts of obstacles getting to the offer, and once I get to that point, I might even scare the other side due to my aggressive bargaining. But I'll only accept the job if it meets my minimum requirement so that is fine. Let me turn on the lights in the room otherwise the camera won't work well.

5:50pm. These moments of tension are what make life interesting I guess. This is the norm of human existence. If it fails, then let that be. I'll go back to art. But for now, for the next hour let me just pursue this.

I'll join a few minutes earlier into the meeting. Just a few mins more.

5:55pm. Let me go in.

I am in, and now I just need to wait for the other party to get here.

6:15pm. Man, fuck these guys. It is not a remote position. I was afraid of that.

That's that. Let me get back to my art career. Incidentally, the interview question was to write a simple memory allocator. I could do it, but it was a bit nerve wracking.

When she asked whether I was willing to relocate, I asked about the salary range, but she would not divulge any information.

6:25pm. I suppose I could have worked there for a few months remote and then quit if they got pushy with relocating, but this is not how I was envisioning doing things. If I got hired I'd use the oppotunity to spearhead the development of Spiral using novel hardware they have at their disposal. If the salary is good, I'd have stuck there for a few years.

But since things are like this, I'll go the regular route of doing things my way. I'll build up my art skills, make Heaven's Key and sell it. I'll make money that way.

Let me get back to watching Blender tutorials.

Should I have pushed through and tried talking them into allowing me remote. Was it a strategic error to ask about remote work in the first place? Who knows.

6:30pm. There are so many unknowns that I have no idea how to deal with. Right now, it has been a complete surprise that they asked me to write a memory allocator in Python.

6:35pm. This might not be the end of it though, for all I know the company might change its mind in the future and reach out to me. Given that it is still looking for candidates 3 weeks after I sent them my resume they probably have trouble filling their positions. There are only so many people in the world who meet their requirements, let alone San Francisco.

Now focus me, I did my duty. It is back to Blender.

https://youtu.be/JYEP7ZjLmaQ
Nodes 4 Noobs | Lvl 4 - Using Photo Textures Without Unwrapping | Beginners Guide to Nodes

Let me watch this again and I will call it a day.

6:55pm. https://youtu.be/JYEP7ZjLmaQ?t=633

This is a pretty good tutorial when it comes to texturing. I had no idea this was possible. Let me finish it and I'll leave playing around with textures for tomorrow.

7pm. Let me close here for the day.

I've been prepared for disappointment, the way this interview went into the failure mode was just one of the ways it could have happened. So I am less taken aback that I'd have expected. Once I heard that they do not allow remote, the tension just drained out of me.

7:15pm. If it is just the technical part, I think I could have aced it.

Let me close for the day. It is time for gaming. Tomorrow, I am going to dig into shading. I can't believe that half the month has passed, but I still haven't drawn anything significant. I am definitely going to change the state of that. But I need to really learn Blender. Right I should be drawing, but instead am getting held back by having to learn how to use 3d tools. Once I get skilled things will change, and knowing how to use them will actually be a big boost to my workflow."

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[7c36069eab...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/7c36069eabcc92ab7ec02a8339f53e84bd41461c)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 19:50:22 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] The way I was treated, The negativity I reminds rather the most

NEW!!! SONG END function in this Modchart both Lua & haxe hscript yey! this executes when the song ends right before those script modchart goes unloaded whoahow!!!!! yo!!!

Message from Golik Derragan:
The way I  was treated, harsh. toxic, entitled convervative-ass.
Awaken my days back when in my young days in school, streets, and houses around me.
I was taught to think negative by the world. Forget positive, coz eventually they'll betray or at least forget you.
Quitting is no longer impactful as many of them had done so. I need damage. unique. big. devastating, all to sooididal level.
Do it for me, and I will admire your spectacularity. signed, Golik. MWUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!!

Oh My God, that's screwed up bro, I'm really so sorry about that life. I am too, but can we have a better way than just to terroristically destroy those stuff to death?? No? I understand. but please don't do that. Let's not have revenge and admire somebody that did revenge for us okay? Not funny to see somebody once that blocked me on Twitter found flat in their own house somewhere no matter what history did they do, or uh somebody once that blammed my question for that thingy for seriously nonsense reason, or wha wha, those people who involved in this quite harrasment projects that causes it this gone, yea you know basically it.

kurirkrkrkrkrkarirkairakrairakrairkariarkairakrkirikr

---
## [google/guava](https://github.com/google/guava)@[e015172847...](https://github.com/google/guava/commit/e0151728478c16e3fe295a368ba74c2195a10e85)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 22:51:55 by cpovirk

Remove `@Beta` from uncontroversial `Futures` methods:

- `submit`
- `submitAsync`
- `scheduleAsync`
- `nonCancellationPropagating`
- `inCompletionOrder`

I did also add a TODO to potentially make the return type of `scheduleAsync` more specific in the future. However, to the best of my knowledge, no one has ever asked for this. (That's not surprising: `ScheduledFuture` isn't any more useful than `Future` unless you're implementing a `ScheduledExecutorService`, and even then, access to its timeout is unavoidably racy.) Plus, should we ever need to do it, we can do it compatibly by injecting a bridge method with the old signature.

(I didn't see any discussion of the return type in the API Review doc or the CL review thread. It probably just didn't come up, or maybe we all independently concluded that it wasn't worth the trouble, given that `MoreExecutors.listeningDecorator(ScheduledExecutorService)` is a bit of a pain? But I'm guessing `scheduleAsync` would be easier.)

RELNOTES=`util.concurrent`: Removed `@Beta` from `Futures` methods: `submit`, `submitAsync`, `scheduleAsync`, `nonCancellationPropagating`, `inCompletionOrder`.
PiperOrigin-RevId: 416139691

---
## [microsoft/terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)@[ccc74686a2...](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/commit/ccc74686a28f4231355696d90a2e1f4b3be44a49)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 22:58:27 by Mike Griese

Add snap-layouts support to the Terminal (#11680)

Adds snap layout support to the Terminal's maximize button. This PR is
full of BODGY, so brace yourselves.

Big thanks to Chris Swan in #11134 for building the prototype.
I don't believe this solves #8795, because XAML islands can't get
nchittest messages

- The window procedure for the drag bar forwards clicks on its client
  area to its parent as non-client clicks.
- BODGY: It also _manually_ handles the caption buttons. They exist in
  the titlebar, and work reasonably well with just XAML, if the drag bar
  isn't covering them.
- However, to get snap layout support, we need to actually return
  `HTMAXBUTTON` where the maximize button is. If the drag bar doesn't
  cover the caption buttons, then the core input site (which takes up
  the entirety of the XAML island) will steal the `WM_NCHITTEST` before
  we get a chance to handle it.
- So, the drag bar covers the caption buttons, and manually handles
  hovering and pressing them when needed. This gives the impression that
  they're getting input as they normally would, even if they're not
  _really_ getting input via XAML.
- We also need to manually display the button tooltips now, because XAML
  doesn't know when they've been hovered for long enough. Hence, the
  `_displayToolTip` `ThrottledFuncTrailing`

## Validation
Minimized, maximized, restored down, hovered the buttons slowly, moved
the mouse over them quickly, they feel the same as before. But now with
snap layouts appearing.

## TODO!
* [x] I'm working on getting the ToolTips on the caption buttons back. Alas, I needed a demo of this _today_, so I'll fix that tomorrow morning.
* [x] mild concern: I should probably test Win 10 to make sure there wasn't weird changes to the message loop in win11 that means this is broken on win10.
* [x] I think I used the wrong issue number for tons of my comments throughout this PR. Double check that. Should be #9443, not #9447.

Closes #9443
I thought this took care of #8587 ~as a bonus, because I was here, and the fix is _now_ trivial~, but looking at the latest commit that regressed.

Co-authored-by: Chris Swan <chswan@microsoft.com>
(cherry picked from commit f2ebb21bd13b20db38305136d34fa0778baf7920)

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[e192183dc8...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/e192183dc81091197181f6f4c25f242ea7b33901)
#### Monday 2021-12-13 23:49:42 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Add Ethereal lungs to the limbgrower (#1611)

* Add Etheral lungs to the limbgrower (#62469)

Saturday morning, calm shift.
I spend most of my time staring at CANARY waiting for an atmos alarm to pop up while I sit at the foyer hearing what random craziness Poly is spewing and wondering about the previous and more interesting shifts.
When suddenly, an atmos alarm pops up at the Incinerator.
"Fucks sake, I bet the other atmos are torching the place again..."
I rush there expecting to fix a fire, but instead I find the start of something great...

The madman kidnapped an Ethereal to use as an organic Hydrogen farm, nothing I haven't seen before but... my hands start shaking, a spark of brilliance and potential in my eyes as I mumbled the words:
"I always hear that organic things are healthier... so what if we throw the Electrolyzer away and instead, print Etheral lungs in the limbgrower and implant them on monkeys..."
To our sadness, Ethereal lungs weren't added to the Ethereal disk design, this fixes that!

* Add Ethereal lungs to the limbgrower

Co-authored-by: GuillaumePrata <55374212+GuillaumePrata@users.noreply.github.com>

---

# [<](2021-12-12.md) 2021-12-13 [>](2021-12-14.md)

