# [<](2021-11-23.md) 2021-11-24 [>](2021-11-25.md)

3,275,483 events, 1,758,069 push events, 2,645,198 commit messages, 194,477,415 characters


## [JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx](https://github.com/JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx)@[03edccb527...](https://github.com/JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx/commit/03edccb527474932f5649fa53d67a3e87d6c3699)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 02:03:12 by Dan Barnes

fuck you Walther von Brauchitsch you fucking bitch rot in hell (Madagascar)

---
## [ProjectFaerun/Faerun](https://github.com/ProjectFaerun/Faerun)@[469ffcc586...](https://github.com/ProjectFaerun/Faerun/commit/469ffcc58608ecbdbec170596dff8bd7ec78a7eb)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 02:51:55 by PerculiarJard

reinstated Defender of the Faith events for Nanna Sin bloodline

---
## [Sxmurai/nova](https://github.com/Sxmurai/nova)@[c0185c2ebc...](https://github.com/Sxmurai/nova/commit/c0185c2ebc118c4fb165a17f4d5d25588ee352b0)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 02:54:43 by Sxmurai

(impl): Start of the client (i hate myself why did i do this fuck meeeeee)

---
## [GnomeModder/EnforcerMod](https://github.com/GnomeModder/EnforcerMod)@[518c4174ca...](https://github.com/GnomeModder/EnforcerMod/commit/518c4174ca6e85182480c10d07961fd2423c3223)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 04:54:12 by TimeSweeper

pain suffering torment and agnoy

walked back blend decision, updated model stuff (exported but not implemented yet)
added weapon specific item displays functionality. gonna be lit when I spend the hours doing them
trying for the love of god to network applyskin from an achievement
and failing
pain
did I just say lit?

---
## [Historical-Expansion-Mod/Greater-Flavor-Mod](https://github.com/Historical-Expansion-Mod/Greater-Flavor-Mod)@[ecce5566b3...](https://github.com/Historical-Expansion-Mod/Greater-Flavor-Mod/commit/ecce5566b3d181897aceb8d82214a4a4585f396b)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 06:00:13 by Dukeçzá

it finally happened

oh my god an event picture that has the event outline and it i didn`t even need to change it myself holy shit blood is going to rain from the skies

---
## [Lindros1/my-pwp-lindros](https://github.com/Lindros1/my-pwp-lindros)@[e8054148e3...](https://github.com/Lindros1/my-pwp-lindros/commit/e8054148e3ea96f63674dc57156ba5ed674a37ed)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 06:56:19 by Lindros Paniagua

Got everything done besides putting margin between cards and navbar, couldn't figure out how to center the image to save my life, and couldn't remember how to make the navbar sticky. I tried my hardest to put everything back, it's one AM. Goodnight.

---
## [datastax/pulsar](https://github.com/datastax/pulsar)@[d8acfd136c...](https://github.com/datastax/pulsar/commit/d8acfd136c1ffc49e702d7da02957e9723a91c2c)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 08:59:41 by feynmanlin

Fix hasMessageAvailable return true but can't read message (#10414)

I temporarily fixed this problem in PR https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10190.
Now we have found a better way, this way can avoid the seek, then avoid trigger another reconnection.
Thank you @codelipenghui  to troubleshoot this issue with me all night.

We have added a lot of log and found that this issue is caused by some race condition problems. Here is the first reason:
https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/f2d72c9fc13a33df584ec1bd96a4c147774b858d/pulsar-client/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/client/impl/ConsumerImpl.java#L1808-L1818
Now we have an acknowledgmentsGroupingTracker to filter duplicate messages, and this Tracker will be cleaned up after seek.

However, it is possible that the connection is ready and Broker has pushed message, but `acknowledgmentsGroupingTracker.flushAndClean(); ` has not been executed yet.

Finally hasMessageAvailableAsync returns true, but the message cannot be read because it is filtered by the acknowledgmentsGroupingTracker

clean the tracker when connection was open

(cherry picked from commit f69a03b28d29689eaf910e0b99994fa250adb213)

---
## [calverleyjohnston/calverleyjohnston](https://github.com/calverleyjohnston/calverleyjohnston)@[9fcee3fa2e...](https://github.com/calverleyjohnston/calverleyjohnston/commit/9fcee3fa2e3527ff8e30a0c8fcaa1de3942bcaba)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 09:38:21 by Calverley Johnston Family Lawyers

Update README.md

We are a team of experienced family lawyers Perth who work exclusively in the area of Family Law. We do not practice in other jurisdictions and pride ourselves on our skills and depth of knowledge regarding divorce and separation. Our purpose from your very first meeting is to focus on your future goals and objectives, whilst guiding you through one of the toughest experiences of your life. We understand the complexities and turmoil that accompany the breakdown of a relationship and we are here to help you.

Our family lawyers come from diverse cultural backgrounds and life experiences, which they draw on to provide you with realistic options, tailored to your long-term goals. We are approachable and work with you to navigate through the challenges you will face as part of your divorce or separation. Whilst our family lawyer team currently consists of women, our client base comprises of all genders. We are well aware of the disadvantages certain clients face in a separation, as a result of choices made during a relationship, and how that can impact on life emotionally and financially. We also have child custody lawyer to help with the parenting issues.

Our advice is personalised, strategic, no-nonsense and future-focused. We ensure that you understand each step of the process so that you can make important decisions like property settlement, without compromising your objectives. We are dedicated to providing forthright advice for spousal maintenance and obtaining the best outcome for you. We also understand that divorce and separation can be expensive and we are committed to providing you with an exceptional standard of service, within your budget. We are cost-conscious and work with you to ensure your legal fees are minimised, without undermining quality and results. We also provide family mediation and litigation lawyers for making a better decision.

Our offices in Perth and Geraldton are conveniently located within walking distance of the Family Court of Western Australia and the Geraldton Magistrates Court. This ensures that minimal travel costs are incurred by our clients, in comparison with other firms who provide Family Law services. We invite you to make an enquiry with us via telephone, email or through our website, to discuss your situation.

---
## [barefootcoder/common](https://github.com/barefootcoder/common)@[7822ea2975...](https://github.com/barefootcoder/common/commit/7822ea29755d9baf2ee6fd99de1cc23890f0f2c6)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 11:52:08 by Buddy Burden

another major update: now parse HTML from Discover

because the OFX download sucks ass:
-	the descriptions are all squished and useless
-	and the IDs aren't worth a shit either, because they're different every time (!!!)
so I'm just going to save the damn HTML from the web site showing the transactions and parse *that* shit
ancillary changes:
-	updates for April/May
-	updates for the slightly different way Discover abbreviates things
-	fix bug with `-a` (it wasn't cutting off post-midnight properly)
-	fix `is_debit` because the way it was doing it before was utterly moronic
--		(now uses the sign of the amount, as is obviously the right way)
-	fix the OFX ID issue
--		(this was mainly an attempt to fix the OFX transfer before I gave up on it entirely,
---			but I figured I'd just leave it, since the way it was before was very extremely wrong)

---
## [soig/rpm](https://github.com/soig/rpm)@[6f70118c33...](https://github.com/soig/rpm/commit/6f70118c33240c97832c2652c0d0386c3bef926f)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 14:06:58 by Panu Matilainen

Fix completely broken prefix search on sqlite backend

The prefix search was so wrong it's a small miracle it ever did anything
at all. What have I been thinking? Well, I do remember thinking this
prefix stuff looks kinda fishy but then it seems to work so...

The prefix search belongs to the keyed iterator fetch case of course,
not the case where we're otherwise iterating over all keys.

Fixes: #1260

---
## [TheLastProject/Catima](https://github.com/TheLastProject/Catima)@[addb0896c0...](https://github.com/TheLastProject/Catima/commit/addb0896c01f13f3331d914836f63a205fa9fcf9)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 16:13:27 by Sylvia van Os

Surrender to Google (fixes #439)

I can't do it anymore. I am just sick of wasting so much time trying to
get Google to listen. I am sick of talking to a brick wall. I am sick of
the complete lack of competence in Google's entire review department. I
am so tired of having the goalpost moved in front of my eyes over and
over again. And above all, I am sick and tired of asking my translators,
who I appreciate so damn much, to keep wasting their time on Google's
whims.

So here you go, Google. You win. I give up. I will not use a word that
Google Translate translates to "free", because saying my app is "free of
charge" is not allowed. I will not tell your employees over and over
again how to use a dictionary. I will not try to make your staff
understand that "free" meaning both "free of charge" and "freedom" is a
very English concept and is not a thing in the majority of languages.

It is a shame you have cornered the market, because if I could, I would
have avoided your Play Store altogether. At least F-Droid still exists,
so my users are not completely screwed whenever you next decide to
punish me for something arbitrary and incorrect again.

Please, Google, let this be the end of this nonsense.

---
## [Very-Terrible-Code/Among-Us-Drip-C64](https://github.com/Very-Terrible-Code/Among-Us-Drip-C64)@[ef0619c48f...](https://github.com/Very-Terrible-Code/Among-Us-Drip-C64/commit/ef0619c48f7cfb2873425b11d1309b11ad268bda)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 16:24:41 by IanSkinner1982

Oh my fucking god guys I am fucking fuming. So the other day at work my boss told us that he recently discovered the video game Among Us, and ever since, his behaviour has become rather concerning. He now refers to me and my coworkers as crewmates. Last Wednesday, when he noticed my teenage colleague slacking off at his workstation, he yelled at him saying he was faking his tasks and is acting sus. I confronted my boss telling him that his behaviour lately has been egregious and immature, and he proceeded to call me an idiot and yelled kicked! The next day I caught him dancing around in his office blasting among drip from his desktop at full volume. I entered his office to kindly ask him to turn off the music since it was distracting to me and my coworkers. He looked at me angrily, telling me he has called an emergency meeting, instructing me to have a seat. I asked him what was the matter and he told me that I have been acting extremely sus. He repeatedly yelled youre the impostor, telling me to say goodbye to my job because I have been ejected. I fucking lost my job and I don't know what to do. Please help me Reddit! I have nowhere else to turn.

---
## [JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse)@[22fcff8938...](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse/commit/22fcff89381edda413b521b7349c12265e59ceb4)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 16:40:49 by JudeForNothing

Rebekah 2.4

Added more attacks for Eve
Added Eve's Second Phase
-faster animations and attacks

Added new dash option:
-if you have MCM you can pick from either a double tap activation or key activation for the dash, should have support for both keyboard and controller
Adds new sprite for Love Deluxe
Added basic functionality of Patriarch's Liar
-known bug: fist does not spawn in the nearest wall if on an L room and the wall you are close to is the wall near the L block
Added a pseudo Rebekah's Favorite, but instead of Jacob, its her other unwanted child LMAO
(Note, using original Jacob also spawns Esau, which is why I might need more time to code a pseudo Jacob)

Love Deluxe changes:
-increased hitbox width!
-changed damage from flat 2.5 to player.Damage/1.5
-changed sound from spirit sword spinning to T Liliths whipsound
Changed name of Oh, I'm Die to Defuse = Rewards, description is no Oh, I'm die, thank you forever as a proper understanding for said reference
Removed Bethuel's Bible, it's for the tainted update

Fixed orbital bug speed of Miraculous Womb

---
## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[503cfb241e...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/503cfb241ec0a774d94163bbb9b424531efea271)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 16:48:41 by Clifford T. Matthews

Includes today's pack speed run.  It was very slow for many reasons.

Probably the biggest is that I was drinking gin for a few hours
yesterday afternoon and early evening due to Joao being in town.
Additionally it was relatively warm (43F) and very slightly rainy.  I
ran in the dark and was also wearing my plushy shoes which have a
messed up lacing system and the laces where bouncing in a way that
kind of freaked me out.  I fell hard yesterday and the laces knocking
on my feet would invoke the sense of tripping.

So, today was largely a pack-run failure, but it's convinced me that I
can't use the plushy shoes for my serious training.  I also need to
review the years where I did better and go back to most of the
practices I was doing then (the big difference being that I will
continue to be fasted at least for a while).  Luckily, it's early
in the training season, so some failed experiments now are OK.

Oh and I still haven't kitted up my Tioga, so once again I was using
my Osprey.

---
## [roll-wg/dao-projection](https://github.com/roll-wg/dao-projection)@[3dee201a06...](https://github.com/roll-wg/dao-projection/commit/3dee201a061bc97a023b24b712287372e90f0f81)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 17:19:27 by Pascal Thubert

On Tue, 23 Nov 2021 at 23:34, Pascal Thubert (pthubert) <pthubert=40cisco.com@dmarc.ietf.org> wrote:

1.	In all the subsections of 3.5.1 ... there is a statement that "From Neighbor Cache Entry: C delivers the packet to F.". I believe it should be  "E delivers the packet to F". This stmt is in subsection 3.5.1.1/2/3

PT > True, fixed both

[RJ] Thanks. Subsection 3.5.1.3 has the same statement and could use this fix as well. In all, there were three subsections with the same statement.

PT> Argl, fixed. I also note that the description of Segment routing applies equally well in a Non-Storing LLN where the SRH is that of RFC 6554 possibly compressed as a SRH-6LoRH, or in an ANIMA Storing Mode Network where SRH can be per RFC 8754. To prevent the trouble at the IESG review, I added terminology to clarify.

“

2.4.13.3.  Segment Routing and SRH

   The terms Segment Routing and SRH refer to using source-routing to
   hop over segments.  In a Non-Storing mode RPL domain, the SRH is
   typically a RPL Source Route Header (the IPv6 RH of type 3) as
   defined in [RFC6554].

   If the network is a 6LoWPAN Network, the expectation is that the SRH
   is compressed and encoded as a 6LoWPAN Routing Header (6LoRH), as
   specified in section 5 of [RFC8138].

   On the other hand, if the RPL Network is less constrained and
   operated in Storing Mode, as discussed in Section 7.1, the Segment
   Routing operation and the SRH could be as specified in [RFC8754].
   This specification applies equally to both forms of source routing
   and SRH. “

2.	The term "namespace" is used multiple times in the document. I believe it relates to the scope of the TrackID .. It would be better to define it explicitly. RPL does not use that term.
PT> true. What about
“

2.4.1.  namespace

   The term namespace is used to refer to the scope of the TrackID.  The
   TrackID is locally significant within its namespace.  The namespace
   is identified by an IPv6 Global Unicast Address (GUA) that is used as
   DODAGID for the Track.  The tuple (DODAGID, TrackID) is globally
   unique.
“

[RJ] Much clearer. However, is it necessary to say "GUA" for DODAGID? Can't the DODAGID be a ULA (Unique Local Address, fc00::/64) wherein the PCE, Root and all the 6LRs are part of the same ULA network prefix? Does the DODAGID have to be "globally routable"?

 Actually this is already said in section 3.4.2. so I simplified here to:
“
    The term namespace is used to refer to the scope of the TrackID. The TrackID
    is locally significant within its namespace. The namespace is identified by
     the DODAGID for the Track. The tuple (DODAGID, TrackID) is globally unique.
“

5. In general the document does not seem to be considering backward compatibility with respect to new changes in RPI P flag, new messages added etc. Or am I wrong? Is section 8 "Profiles" supposed to take care of compatibility?

PT> True. I asked in my reply to Michael’s review whether we should be using the last free but in the RPL dodag config option to signal that this spec is being used globally, and both anycast and multicast can be injected. What do you think?

[RJ] I would rather have it explicitly specified as "Backward Compatibility Considerations" section, since I am sure we will get this comment during next higher-level reviews

PT> This seems consistent with Michael’s review so I added the IANA section to claim the last bit in the RPL DODAG configuration option. I used similar text as in RFC 9010 to do so.We need to do mopext soon!

To your point here, I added a new section as follows:

9.  Backwards Compatibility

   This specification can operate in a mixed network where some nodes
   support it and some do not.  There are restructions, though.  All
   nodes that need to process a P-DAO must support this specification.
   As discussed in Section 3.7.1, how the root knows whether the nodes
   capabilities and whether it support this specification is out of
   scope.

   This specification defines the 'D' flag (see Section 4.1.6, in the
   RPL DODAG Configuration Option to signal that upgraded nodes can
   request the creation of Tracks.  The requester may not know whether
   the Track can effectively be constructed, and whether enough nodes
   along the preferred paths support this specification.  Therefore it
   makes sense to only set the 'D' flags in DIO when the conditions of
   success are in place, in particular when all the nodes that could be
   on path of tracks are upgraded.

Works?

Many thanks!

Pascal

---
## [Starloader-project/ObfTools](https://github.com/Starloader-project/ObfTools)@[40ca61d89e...](https://github.com/Starloader-project/ObfTools/commit/40ca61d89edb56601115b59fa34190d06210dcc0)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 19:51:36 by BuildTools

Replace Fabric AW impl with our own.

This gives us far more flexibillity so that I should be able to
do the next planned step far more easily. Also increases usabillity
of this plugin in case the AW and my maven repo vanish. Not that I expect
anyone to use it now, but who knows what people are going to do in a few years time.

Perhaps the 4.9 galimulator days will be seen as the golden age of modding
 (for a reason that may be elusive to us now) and people are going to use this
to get in the mood. However unless I fail with SML1 I do not think that
this can happen.

On a sidenote, it will be interesting how SML1 will look like; right now I have
a mod loader planned where individual class files are recompiled and linked to the
rest of the remaining (unmodified) class files. I also have a monolithic mod loader
in mind, which is why I rebated between using "Monolithic Starloader" or "SML1"
as the name. Or perhaps I'll go with "Geolykt's patchset", but things will be a lot
different in a few weeks. To some degree it is interesting to think about what the far
future (i. e. 2027+) has in store for us. Perhaps galim modding will never be a thing
due to climate change or some other apocaliptic event, perhaps it will be a sprawling
community of dozen of people actively collaborating. Maybe I die in a car crash by then.

It is also interesting to debate whether someone (i. e. you) will come along and read this commit,
after all git wasn't meant for posting such message to the future. On the other hand,
it might be the perfect place to do it as preserving software might be more interesting than
other things. Though I have no idea who would have interest in preserving ObfTools for
generations to come.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[1f9df58616...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/1f9df58616ed6f534cba96f9ac5231bcb14c70e5)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 20:42:38 by Marko Grdinić

"11:10am. I am going to bed at 1am, but I am wisely stopping myself at 12am. Had I tried the Dloor of Religion Realization I'd have gone to bed at 3am.

11:15am. Let me chill a bit and then I will start. I need to deal with the feet. During the night, similarly to how I had the idea of trying the Slide Relax tool for smoothing out frumps, this time I had the idea of trying the Elastic Deform with the scale setting. I should play around with different settings on that brush.

11:35am. Ah screw it, I'll skip the morning session. I want to read Goblin Slayer, Frieren and chill. I'll have breakfast, do the chores and then get started on finishing that mesh. There isn't much left, but I need to do some studies. That back muscle running down the sides looks aesthetic, but I am certain I got it wrong. I do not think that Flycat is that good of a reference after all as he does everything with the move tool. That makes it hard to understand what is supposed to be a muscle and general shape. I need some knowledge of anatomy.

11:40am. When it comes to learning, it is really better to do something on your own even if it is wrong and then study anatomy than going into it tabula rasa. Right now the mesh that I did is in my memory and is waiting for the feedback signals of how well I did it. Fulfulling that will serve to really internalize the material. If I just watched the videos up front, I'd not have that learning benefit.

1:45pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/r0g2o2/d_ai_safety_needs_great_engineers/

You know what, let me try applying here. I am not looking for a job, I am just curious if I'll get a bite. Which resume do I send. Let me send the 3 page one with the geeky char sheet skill breakdown. The reason I want to send that is because it has links to some of my earlier projects. These guys are looking for engineers, and I do not hear the usual drivel about commnication so it is worth a shot.

///

Which teams are you most interested in?

Code Pre-Training
Human Feedback
Reinforcement Learning
Scaling
Interpretability
Societal Impacts & Policy

///

What is code pretraining? At any rate, I'll put in scaling and RL.

1:55pm. Done with the submission. This is the most comfortable way of looking for a job. If it is anything less than 100k/year remote, I can cleanly reject it.

2pm. I had to spend some time cleaning my inbox. It was the first time I peek in weeks. For some reason Freelancer gave me an infraction. I sent that email into spam.

I want to get into game dev right now, but honestly, I would not reject a 150k/year gig to work on AI chips. This was Spiral's original purpose. Also it seem Zenna did not see the docs PRs that I opened until two weeks ago. How clumsy of him.

2:05pm. Now focus me.

I am done with breakfast and chores, and it is time to get some things done. I need to remember to check my email every week or so. Just forget about it.

2:10pm. Focus me. Maybe I should not have applied, as now this application will be at the front of my mind, but I need to train myself to just let it go. Nothing will come from being emotionally invested. Last time I did that I thought I would get a quality offer, but got 30k per year which is far below my value. At least companies have budgets for this kind of thing.

Ok, first let me open up Blender. I should play with the Elastic Deform tool.

Ahhh. I thought that the Scale setting would act as a grab, but it literally scales. That is pretty good.

I tried scaling in edit mode yesterday and I get weird results doing it like that.

I am quite amazed. The twist brush literally twists. I am not sure why I am surprised to find that the naming scheme is so appropriate in Blender.

2:30pm. The inflate brush is really good for thinning the feet. I got a sense they are too fat. It would be good if there were a bit bigger though. Let me use the scale. Then I'll look up the elastic deform brush.

I had to use the trigrab. Scaling it is not really working for what I want. in fact, scale acts a lot like inflate now that I think about it.

2:40pm. I am just fiddling from imagination again. I feel I got the shape right, but the curve might be too slanted.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=blender+elastic+deform

Let me check some of these out.

https://youtu.be/YB55LsMc7P8?t=65
Blender 2.8 Tutorial: Surface Deform Modifier

I really should not be studying this, but whatever. This is a good time as any to figure out what these vertex groups are.

https://youtu.be/dKZrzG5r13g
Vertex Groups - Blender 2.80 Fundamentals

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/dKZrzG5r13g?t=173

Ah, I see. Groups really are weights.

https://youtu.be/dKZrzG5r13g?t=320

There is such a things as left click and right click select?

3:25pm. I won't bother looking into different select modes right now. Let me try something out with the camera.

Ok, enough of this. Let me check out the feet sculpting video.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=blender+sculpting+feet

There is one by DevilPeace. It is 1h long. Well, let me go for it.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=13

Why is it so flat? Well, I guess that is how it looks when it is pressed down on a surface.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=33
Feet sculpting tutorial for beginners in Blender 2.9 + slow and clear !

He says that these characters are from League of Legends cinematic and they are giving them away for free.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=49

What the hell? Ah, the boot bends them like that. Seems uncomfortable.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=356

Interesting how he shapes it.

3:55pm. I am studying toes more carefully in depth. I guess female toes are different. My own certainly do no have such sharp bends lower at the tip segment.

One problem is that my mesh resolution is not dense enough. I literally do not have the vertices to make the toes smoothly. Trying to put in creases just makes a mess for me. What should I do here? Turn on dyn topo?

I could use it together with simplify brush to add some extra detail where I need it. I wonder if instead of dyntopo it would be possible to remesh just local segments?

https://blenderartists.org/t/can-i-remesh-only-the-part-i-want-sculpt-mode/1251215/2

Nope, I'll have to do the whole thing or use dyntopo.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=417

Flycat I slow down, but I think this guy I should speed up. I do not want to spent a full hour watching it through and through. It seems 2x is max.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=453

Back of the foot is more narrow? Really?

4:30pm. https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=1240

Actually I had managed to feel out on my own that one of the bone dents is higher on the inner side. Originally, I put them on the same height.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=1518

Here he is slicing the mask. I am definitely going to learn something from this.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=2438

Hmmm, using face sets when working on toes might be a good idea. I remember working on them previous and it was really a pain in the ass to affect them individually as they were so close. His method is good, but I'll try using the snake hook tool for starters.

https://youtu.be/_sMXkMzGuQ4?t=2863

He is using a mask to slice out remesher holes. I really can't use the remesher here through.

4:55pm. That was instructure, but the reference he was using was definitely a guy's foot. No way would this fit on a female model.

5pm. https://youtu.be/k44PMyRp9CM
Blender 2.8 Voxel Remesher Sculpting Tips

I should keep the above video in mind for when remesher starts giving me those gashes.

https://youtu.be/6Rc-Hl3yUFQ
Single-Click voxel model cleaner add-on for Blender - Available now for FREE!

What is this?

5:30pm. Done with the video. I am taking a break reading random twitter shit. I need to focus on the task at hand.

Sigh, let me try the snake hook first. In fact, what I should is use the hook to pull inwards.

Agh, turning on dyntopo turns the whole model into trinagles. That is not what I had in mind. I could try adding loop cuts by hand?

...No the edge flow is pretty crazy.

Adding extra objects as toes?

6:15pm. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=482

I am not sure it is going right. I tried adding extra objects, but that introduces incogruency between what I had earlier and now. Let me watch how Flycat does it again.

6:25pm. Whops, I accidentally saved the model even after applying dyntopo. How did that happen?

7:20pm. Done with lunch. Let me resume.

At this point I do deeply regret not doing it the same way as DevilPeace. He cit of the the end and then extended every individual toe before working on it. I should have seperated the whole foot as a separate object using a mask.

What I did instead is dig a crease. Now I am having trouble with the original structure of the foot. For working on toes, it really is critical to use masks. I am having trouble doing it the regular way.

7:50pm. Ah, you can flow fill in a masked area unlike with the remesher.

8:25pm. It results in a really ugly seam. I can't believe this. This a complete failure. The proportions of the individual toes are so wonky.

8:45pm. Let me stop for the day here. This is a wretched failure. Who'd think that toes would be so hard. Their shape is wrong and does not at all fit with the previous body. The small toe is too small. The gaps between them are too big. Turning on dyntopo instead of remeshing seemed like a good idea at first, but it resulted in a horrible gash where the filled area meets the rest because it is connected to an n-gon. Blender does not know how to render those. The excessive number of of details is working against me as well.

9:05pm. I sheared them off. What I had before adding the toes I liked much better.

I need to try it again, this time smarter. Also it seems I got the position of the foot completely wrong. The way it is now has nothing in common with the reference. I made it that way because it mathed the sideways view, but I noticed when I compared it with the forward view that it does not match. Sigh, it is like the neck again.

I didn't think today would go like this, at this it will take me a while before I get back to the arms. I still need to study the back too.

Well, these kinds of setbacks are nothing compared to what I've had in programming. In art you can't have something that sets you back months and weeks.

9:15pm. I mean, I fucked up the toes today, but I'll get them right tomorrow. And then I'll know how to do this thing for good. I need to plan things out better next time. The reason I failed today is because I was playing around. It is good that I am having fun, but I need to make progress in my next step. The reason I was bad in school at art is because I had zero planning in any of my pieces.

I'll do better in the future.

Right now I should stop because I am just digging a hole for myself.

9:30pm. I replied to that commit comment from 2 weeks ago. I noticed it when I checked my mail. I am surprised that anybody would be following this. I think I'll need at least a few weeks before I can refine my first piece. But a lineart drawing I should be able to make pretty soon after finishing this base mesh. I just want to make sure that I internalize my female anatomy properly. The male mesh should be a lot easier after I deal with the female one. The same goes for drawing them.

Clothes will be a challenge I'll have to meet somehow. They might end up making me busy in Blender as well.

I think I'll be in art learning mode during the whole of December as well.

But the important thing is to keep going and put in effort at a steady pace. That is how I got good at programming and how I will get good at art as well.

Now let me do that other floor realization. It is time to chill."

---
## [vr-voyage/vrchat-map-maker](https://github.com/vr-voyage/vrchat-map-maker)@[6d3c0ba628...](https://github.com/vr-voyage/vrchat-map-maker/commit/6d3c0ba62805b0783e34b53158f60da4c8810225)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-24 21:06:07 by Voyage

Getting into shape

The basics are now kind of working.
You can draw, you can select the current
level (stratum), you can select elements
based on the level, you can choose the rotation
of the elements you'll add to the scene.

I still feel that adding walls is way too
clunky, at the moment.

What's worse, though, is that you cannot see
the inventory. So you have to do "blind"
selections, which is horrible.

Still, I'll just go with four directions at
the moment, since diagonals needs appropriate
stretching, and automatic one might be wonky,
so it might be faster to "just" provided
pre-tilted pieces, instead of trying to make
the ones available fit through weird scaling.

Meanwhile, I still lost a lot of time with
UdonSharp, since it will stop compiling things
correctly if you have any issue on another
script. The whole thing crumbles down and start
spitting random errors on your actual script,
until you fix the previous scripts you don't
care about, and then the errors on your actual
script disappear...

Also, I tried to shortcut the use of Inverse
transforms, when computing Raycast hit, by
using "textureCoord", however this only works
if the target collider is a MeshCollider set
as a collider, not trigger.
On "Trigger" mode, you still get the hit, but
you get 0 as a coordinate... yay...
I liked the UV system, since it provided a lot
of flexibility and easy to get along with
(handles scaling, rotation, whatever...).
However, the sheer inability to use "Trigger"
mode makes it a no-no...

Also I added back controls, so now the laser
will only trigger while pulling the trigger,
on VR mode, or pressing the Fire button in
Desktop mode.
In Desktop mode, the pen is set to AutoHold,
in order to avoid drawing everytime you want
to move it.

So, to get a least something "working", I now
need to :
* Show the inventory at the right places;
* Switch back from UV sampling to Inverse
  transforms for computing the hit points;
* Add the ability to change textures;
* Use a Texture2DArray shader;
Then, either :
  * Provide textures that tile well on 1m,
  * Use triplanar mapping.

I'll focus on getting this moved to the Vket
Booth next week, so updates will slow down.

Signed-off-by: Voyage <voyage@miouyouyou.fr>

---

# [<](2021-11-23.md) 2021-11-24 [>](2021-11-25.md)

