# [<](2021-07-29.md) 2021-07-30 [>](2021-07-31.md)

2,753,441 events, 1,389,968 push events, 2,168,270 commit messages, 154,150,046 characters


## [bananadroid/android_vendor_extras](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_vendor_extras)@[3cf8296574...](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_vendor_extras/commit/3cf8296574a1900b72b63e18f91618dcca6d185c)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 03:34:58 by Kshitij Gupta

themes: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6

---
## [ceeker/prometheus](https://github.com/ceeker/prometheus)@[a0df8a383a...](https://github.com/ceeker/prometheus/commit/a0df8a383a0eba74b520003d5cd7b45423c889e4)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 04:31:57 by Bartlomiej Plotka

promql: Removed global and add ability to have better interval for subqueries if not specified (#7628)

* promql: Removed global and add ability to have better interval for subqueries if not specified

## Changes
* Refactored tests for better hints testing
* Added various TODO in places to enhance.
* Moved DefaultEvalInterval global to opts with func(rangeMillis int64) int64 function instead

Motivation: At Thanos we would love to have better control over the subqueries step/interval.
This is important to choose proper resolution. I think having proper step also does not harm for
Prometheus and remote read users. Especially on stateless querier we do not know evaluation interval
and in fact putting global can be wrong to assume for Prometheus even.

I think ideally we could try to have at least 3 samples within the range, the same
way Prometheus UI and Grafana assumes.

Anyway this interfaces allows to decide on promQL user basis.

Open question: Is taking parent interval a smart move?

Motivation for removing global: I spent 1h fighting with:


=== RUN   TestEvaluations
    TestEvaluations: promql_test.go:31: unexpected error: error evaluating query "absent_over_time(rate(nonexistant[5m])[5m:])" (line 687): unexpected error: runtime error: integer divide by zero
--- FAIL: TestEvaluations (0.32s)
FAIL

At the end I found that this fails on most of the versions including this master if you run this test alone. If run together with many
other tests it passes. This is due to SetDefaultEvaluationInterval(1 * time.Minute)
in test that is ran before TestEvaluations. Thanks to globals (:

Let's fix it by dropping this global.

Signed-off-by: Bartlomiej Plotka <bwplotka@gmail.com>

* Added issue links for TODOs.

Signed-off-by: Bartlomiej Plotka <bwplotka@gmail.com>

* Removed irrelevant changes.

Signed-off-by: Bartlomiej Plotka <bwplotka@gmail.com>

---
## [KrishnakantShedge/kernel_realme_RMX1851](https://github.com/KrishnakantShedge/kernel_realme_RMX1851)@[3ee77f5c9c...](https://github.com/KrishnakantShedge/kernel_realme_RMX1851/commit/3ee77f5c9ce9b7f4e39791c2aa9fc01b763e06fc)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 05:07:20 by Francis Yan

BACKPORT: tcp: instrument tcp sender limits chronographs

This patch implements the skeleton of the TCP chronograph
instrumentation on sender side limits:

	1) idle (unspec)
	2) busy sending data other than 3-4 below
	3) rwnd-limited
	4) sndbuf-limited

The limits are enumerated 'tcp_chrono'. Since a connection in
theory can idle forever, we do not track the actual length of this
uninteresting idle period. For the rest we track how long the sender
spends in each limit. At any point during the life time of a
connection, the sender must be in one of the four states.

If there are multiple conditions worthy of tracking in a chronograph
then the highest priority enum takes precedence over
the other conditions. So that if something "more interesting"
starts happening, stop the previous chrono and start a new one.

The time unit is jiffy(u32) in order to save space in tcp_sock.
This implies application must sample the stats no longer than every
49 days of 1ms jiffy.

saalim :- Drop rate_app_limited from tcp header (already present)
original :- https://github.com/danascape/kernel-msm-4.14/commit/05b055e89121394058c75dc354e9a46e1e765579#diff-4ddfd98f3453244962e17ac121bea6162887af47d0531ba6e2cf49a941edf2c9

Signed-off-by: Francis Yan <francisyyan@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Yuchung Cheng <ycheng@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Soheil Hassas Yeganeh <soheil@google.com>
Acked-by: Neal Cardwell <ncardwell@google.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Signed-off-by: danascape <saalimquadri1@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [Charles-Bofferding/Lab-12-Async-Inn](https://github.com/Charles-Bofferding/Lab-12-Async-Inn)@[72aee5dd45...](https://github.com/Charles-Bofferding/Lab-12-Async-Inn/commit/72aee5dd45b68f4b6516492372fda5049567b768)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 06:35:45 by Chaz_B

So I think that I have added in everything but the HotelRoomController. I can not check this because the
IIS server will not run. With some help from Kjell (sorry if I got your name wrong) I was able to figure out
that the https server was going to 55133 which is in a restricted range of ports for me but can not find any
way to change that port. We both tried to troubleshoot that but they had to catch a bus and I did not get
inspiration afterwards so I did the coding as best I could without being able to run the server.

---
## [MarbleGateKeeper/FlowingAgony](https://github.com/MarbleGateKeeper/FlowingAgony)@[da6523869d...](https://github.com/MarbleGateKeeper/FlowingAgony/commit/da6523869d3a324fa7c4741bcce08f813bbfb245)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 10:19:31 by 白门守望者

Prepare Update to 1.0.1

Fixed: "Cutting Watermelon Dream" slightly differs from expectation.
Update: "Scholar of Original Sin" & "Original Sin Erosion" now directly give player more experience.

---
## [kiara101/kiara-](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-)@[40c9b2823d...](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-/commit/40c9b2823dba95e7bfafee064dcf1940294d88db)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 11:11:12 by kiara101

Guidelines to look amazing in casual shirts

A casual shirt is comfortable, easy to maintain, and it can help you enhance your look without much effort if you wear it right. It is a perfect balance between too casual and too formal. It’s formal than a tee and more casual than a blazer or jacket. Plus, you can style it in many ways. We all love wearing casual shirts, right? Honestly, we aren’t a huge fan of wearing suits every day.

So, get awesome outfit ideas at https://smashmart.in/

---
## [juliankoll/MobaTemplate](https://github.com/juliankoll/MobaTemplate)@[01af0541cc...](https://github.com/juliankoll/MobaTemplate/commit/01af0541cc11315cc134977a7cfb9f89add54c90)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 11:25:21 by Preacher

God fucking damnit i finished thread safe intercollision between players and i hate existence but now we can let them throw stuff at each other finally

---
## [dskprt/nylium](https://github.com/dskprt/nylium)@[8745b9451f...](https://github.com/dskprt/nylium/commit/8745b9451f2d57d182282b1f2254b803c8001da0)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 12:14:57 by dskprt

i sure do love rewriting the same thing for the 3rd time i think i dont know whether its actually the 3rd time it might be the 4th or 5th but i stopped counting because this is painful i have no idea what im doing my code looks like shit and sometimes i dont know what something does its so confusing please help

---
## [sandsmark/8bit-programmer](https://github.com/sandsmark/8bit-programmer)@[fbfc5c2af1...](https://github.com/sandsmark/8bit-programmer/commit/fbfc5c2af1cb57c2708f37282efa25e80c98a526)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 12:47:20 by Martin T. H. Sandsmark

holy fucking shit windows, why the fuck do people use this crap

---
## [giannilamartina/freecodecamp-javascript](https://github.com/giannilamartina/freecodecamp-javascript)@[edc4e4b880...](https://github.com/giannilamartina/freecodecamp-javascript/commit/edc4e4b88081199e0d41c658aa9e79de7547af4d)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 14:20:08 by Gianni LaMartina

Use the map Method to Extract Data from an Array ***

So far we have learned to use pure functions to avoid side effects in a program. Also, we have seen the value in having a function only depend on its input arguments.

This is only the beginning. As its name suggests, functional programming is centered around a theory of functions.

It would make sense to be able to pass them as arguments to other functions, and return a function from another function. Functions are considered first class objects in JavaScript, which means they can be used like any other object. They can be saved in variables, stored in an object, or passed as function arguments.

Let's start with some simple array functions, which are methods on the array object prototype. In this exercise we are looking at Array.prototype.map(), or more simply map.

The map method iterates over each item in an array and returns a new array containing the results of calling the callback function on each element. It does this without mutating the original array.

When the callback is used, it is passed three arguments. The first argument is the current element being processed. The second is the index of that element and the third is the array upon which the map method was called.

See below for an example using the map method on the users array to return a new array containing only the names of the users as elements. For simplicity, the example only uses the first argument of the callback.

const users = [
  { name: 'John', age: 34 },
  { name: 'Amy', age: 20 },
  { name: 'camperCat', age: 10 }
];

const names = users.map(user => user.name);
console.log(names);
The console would display the value [ 'John', 'Amy', 'camperCat' ].

The watchList array holds objects with information on several movies. Use map on watchList to assign a new array of objects to the ratings variable. Each movie in the new array should have only a title key with the name of the film, and a rating key with the IMDB rating. The code in the editor currently uses a for loop to do this, so you should replace the loop functionality with your map expression.

Answer:
// The global variable
var watchList = [
  {
    "Title": "Inception",
    "Year": "2010",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "16 Jul 2010",
    "Runtime": "148 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure, Crime",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Actors": "Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Elliot Page, Tom Hardy",
    "Plot": "A thief, who steals corporate secrets through use of dream-sharing technology, is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a CEO.",
    "Language": "English, Japanese, French",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 4 Oscars. Another 143 wins & 198 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMjAxMzY3NjcxNF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwNTI5OTM0Mw@@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "74",
    "imdbRating": "8.8",
    "imdbVotes": "1,446,708",
    "imdbID": "tt1375666",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "Interstellar",
    "Year": "2014",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "07 Nov 2014",
    "Runtime": "169 min",
    "Genre": "Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Jonathan Nolan, Christopher Nolan",
    "Actors": "Ellen Burstyn, Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy, John Lithgow",
    "Plot": "A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.",
    "Language": "English",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 1 Oscar. Another 39 wins & 132 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMjIxNTU4MzY4MF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTgwMzM4ODI3MjE@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "74",
    "imdbRating": "8.6",
    "imdbVotes": "910,366",
    "imdbID": "tt0816692",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "The Dark Knight",
    "Year": "2008",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "18 Jul 2008",
    "Runtime": "152 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure, Crime",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Jonathan Nolan (screenplay), Christopher Nolan (screenplay), Christopher Nolan (story), David S. Goyer (story), Bob Kane (characters)",
    "Actors": "Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, Aaron Eckhart, Michael Caine",
    "Plot": "When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, the caped crusader must come to terms with one of the greatest psychological tests of his ability to fight injustice.",
    "Language": "English, Mandarin",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 2 Oscars. Another 146 wins & 142 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTMxNTMwODM0NF5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwODAyMTk2Mw@@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "82",
    "imdbRating": "9.0",
    "imdbVotes": "1,652,832",
    "imdbID": "tt0468569",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "Batman Begins",
    "Year": "2005",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "15 Jun 2005",
    "Runtime": "140 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure",
    "Director": "Christopher Nolan",
    "Writer": "Bob Kane (characters), David S. Goyer (story), Christopher Nolan (screenplay), David S. Goyer (screenplay)",
    "Actors": "Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes",
    "Plot": "After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from the corruption that Scarecrow and the League of Shadows have cast upon it.",
    "Language": "English, Urdu, Mandarin",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Nominated for 1 Oscar. Another 15 wins & 66 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BNTM3OTc0MzM2OV5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTYwNzUwMTI3._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "70",
    "imdbRating": "8.3",
    "imdbVotes": "972,584",
    "imdbID": "tt0372784",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  },
  {
    "Title": "Avatar",
    "Year": "2009",
    "Rated": "PG-13",
    "Released": "18 Dec 2009",
    "Runtime": "162 min",
    "Genre": "Action, Adventure, Fantasy",
    "Director": "James Cameron",
    "Writer": "James Cameron",
    "Actors": "Sam Worthington, Zoe Saldana, Sigourney Weaver, Stephen Lang",
    "Plot": "A paraplegic marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home.",
    "Language": "English, Spanish",
    "Country": "USA, UK",
    "Awards": "Won 3 Oscars. Another 80 wins & 121 nominations.",
    "Poster": "http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTYwOTEwNjAzMl5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwODc5MTUwMw@@._V1_SX300.jpg",
    "Metascore": "83",
    "imdbRating": "7.9",
    "imdbVotes": "876,575",
    "imdbID": "tt0499549",
    "Type": "movie",
    "Response": "True"
  }
];

// Only change code below this line

var ratings = watchList.map(item => ({
  title: item["Title"],
  rating: item["imdbRating"]
}));

// Only change code above this line

console.log(JSON.stringify(ratings));

---
## [newstools/2021-the-herald](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-herald)@[d438fc6769...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-herald/commit/d438fc6769fc4c707ba655cfba928b278ac71068)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 15:29:21 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.herald.co.zw/four-brothers-attack-sisters-married-boyfriend/]

---
## [watchexec/cargo-watch](https://github.com/watchexec/cargo-watch)@[8bf93b44e3...](https://github.com/watchexec/cargo-watch/commit/8bf93b44e3dafea90f4006cf885d2855c213e702)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 18:50:43 by Félix Saparelli

Disable rpms for now

https://github.com/cat-in-136/cargo-generate-rpm/issues/21

fuck you aesni

---
## [facebook/flipper](https://github.com/facebook/flipper)@[dc1cf7a3e3...](https://github.com/facebook/flipper/commit/dc1cf7a3e3332361ed3c738521538e175c63be60)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 19:44:12 by Pascal Hartig

Lint for british spelling

Summary:
I hate when I have to comment on a diff and tell somebody to please not use
Her Majesty's Spelling, so I'll let the computer do the shouting.

Mixing two ways of spelling the same thing just isn't fun. I had to
work with an Android library that insisted on spelling it `colour`,
leading to awkward code like `colour: COLORS.BLUE` which is just annoying
and hard to remember.

Reviewed By: lblasa

Differential Revision: D30015807

fbshipit-source-id: 9f913e72617301273dbe12c60b9cdba8cea05537

---
## [tgmarinho/remote-jobs-brazil](https://github.com/tgmarinho/remote-jobs-brazil)@[b30b08b54f...](https://github.com/tgmarinho/remote-jobs-brazil/commit/b30b08b54f5c6993bd0f2b879ce7feda71a1b9c7)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 23:51:07 by Thiago Marinho

add Popstand company

Popstand is a Los Angeles based web and mobile software development company with decades of experience. We are well-versed in the art of the startup and build minimum viable products (MVPs) that people love to use.

[site](https://popstand.com/)

---
## [GoldGlow/Resource-Pack](https://github.com/GoldGlow/Resource-Pack)@[bcb61cae15...](https://github.com/GoldGlow/Resource-Pack/commit/bcb61cae15b3b52d65c59d8bed84cfbb9cd617d0)
#### Friday 2021-07-30 23:52:51 by Osidien

ITEM SPRITES ARE FRIGGIN DONE

god this took too long

(edited english us lang file so changes are reflected, most notably:)

-Blastoise Swat Set (Diamond Armor)
-Haxorus Knight Set (Golden Armor)
-Hazmat Suit (Chainmail Armor)
-Winter Leather Set (Leather Armor, dyeable)
-Aggron Plate Set (Iron Armor)

-Sunose Compass (Sun symbol + Nosepass colors)
-Volcarona Quiver
-Galvantulan Spider Eye

bunch of remaining items includingminecart, armorstand, records and a Life Orb-like experience orb. Potions and poisons are now based on the 20hp potion from the games.
 Made signs a bit more neon.

Prepare for some ugly textures, but hey it's something.

---

# [<](2021-07-29.md) 2021-07-30 [>](2021-07-31.md)

