# [<](2021-02-11.md) 2021-02-12 [>](2021-02-13.md)

2,551,151 events, 1,277,026 push events, 2,028,758 commit messages, 160,977,663 characters


## [willior/Action_RPG_1@4ee8c8917d...](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1/commit/4ee8c8917d80bc63780925795601d74a19a92a60)
##### 2021-02-12 00:37:42 by willior

updating inventory systems

things like adding the appropriate amount of items if you pick up beyond what you can carry work properly.
coming up with a save/load system is proving to be a bit of a bitch. right now the game attempts to load an inventory and a pouch from two resource files. inside these resource files are an array of dictionaries for each item. inside the dictionaries are keys/values for Name and quantity. the game basically loads this file as the player's starting inventory.
i think before coming up with a save/load system, i need to figure out what happens when you die. if it's done the 'classic' way, you basically get kicked back to the title screen and have to re-load your last save. despite being classic, it's not the best way - gameplay-wise - to handle things, i think.
if it's done in a more modern way, in which you automatically come back to life at the last checkpoint but with some kind of penalty (ie., used items don't come back + XP loss), then "saving" should occur upon death. the issue then becomes a balancing act of incentivising the player to use spells vs. saving ingredients.
if spell ingredients are to be a core aspect of gameplay, you should be able to re-try a failed encounter without losing those used ingredients. on the other hand, if found ingredients are plentiful enough in the level (and respawn on death, for example), permanent loss makes more sense, even if it means the player has to go out of their way slightly to recoup spent ingredients.
i think the next big project for the game should be a death system, which itself is a combination of other systems, which need to be built from the ground up.
player needs spawn points. when you die/restart, you reappear at a spawn point, instead of at your death location. your current spawn point is the last one you visit. need to come up with an interesting concept for spawn points/checkpoints/save points, whatever you want to call them. it could just be the beginning of the last map entered - that sounds like an OK start point. damn this is confusing.

---
## [aws/aws-cdk@bfa1f18c32...](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/commit/bfa1f18c32051cd0e90a003bbbe3e806063c2b8c)
##### 2021-02-12 00:43:21 by Robert Djurasaj

chore(rds): add PG12.5 and deprecate PG9.5 and PG9.6 (#12998)

Added PostgreSQL 12.5 version.

Also, I got a friendly email from AWS that some versions of PG will be forcefully updated, and I've decided to mark PG9.5 and 9.6 as deprecated. (Feb 2021 and Nov 2021 EOLs respectfully).

> Amazon RDS is starting the end of life process for PostgreSQL major version 9.5. We are doing this because the PostgreSQL community is planning to discontinue support for PostgreSQL 9.5 on February 11, 2021 [1].
> 
> Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.5 will reach end of life on February 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC. Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.6 will reach end of life in late 2021. Hence, we strongly encourage you to upgrade your databases running PostgreSQL major version 9.5 to 12 or greater at your convenience before February 16, 2021. PostgreSQL 12 contains major innovations including JSON path queries per SQL/JSON specifications and pluggable table storage interface [2]. PostgreSQL 13 introduced parallel processing of indexes with the VACUUM command and improved duplicate data handling by B-tree indexes [3]. Both versions contain numerous fixes to various software defects in earlier versions of the database.
> 
> If you do not upgrade your databases before February 16, 2021, RDS will upgrade your PostgreSQL 9.5 databases to PostgreSQL 12 during a scheduled maintenance window between Feb 16, 2021 00:00:01 UTC and March 16, 2021 00:00:01 UTC. On March 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC, any PostgreSQL 9.5 databases that remain will be upgraded to version 12 regardless of whether the instances are in a maintenance window or not.
> 
> You can initiate an upgrade of your database instance — either immediately or during your next maintenance window — to a newer major version of PostgreSQL using the AWS Management Console or the AWS Command Line Interface. The upgrade process will shut down the database instance, perform the upgrade, and restart the database instance. The database instance may be restarted multiple times during the upgrade process. While major version upgrades typically complete within the standard maintenance window, the duration of the upgrade depends on the number of objects within the database. To avoid any unplanned unavailability outside your maintenance window, we recommend that you first take a snapshot of your database and test the upgrade to get an estimate of the duration. To learn more about upgrading PostgreSQL major versions in RDS, review the Upgrading Database Versions page [4].
> 
> We want to make you aware of the following additional milestones associated with upgrading these databases that are reaching end of life.
> 
> Now through March 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC - You can initiate upgrades of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.5 instances to PostgreSQL 12 or higher at any time.
> February 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC - After this date and time, you cannot create new RDS instances with PostgreSQL major version 9.5 from either the AWS Console or the CLI. RDS will also automatically upgrade PostgreSQL 9.5 instances to version 12 within the earliest scheduled maintenance window that follows. Restoration of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.5 database snapshots will result in an automatic upgrade of the restored database to a still supported version at the time.
> March 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC - RDS will automatically upgrade any remaining PostgreSQL 9.5 instances to version 12 whether or not they are in a maintenance window.
> Should you have any questions or concerns, the AWS Support Team is available on the community forums and via Premium Support [5].

----

*By submitting this pull request, I confirm that my contribution is made under the terms of the Apache-2.0 license*

---
## [evad1n/mud@2a018da207...](https://github.com/evad1n/mud/commit/2a018da20789f2e5111ca8599c8e02f95ae0f75e)
##### 2021-02-12 07:31:16 by Will Dickinson

realized i cant scroll withy my shitty screen code so now I hate life and redid everything. almost looks good tho amirite..

---
## [AL0YSI0US/AL0YSI0US@f2c6cad422...](https://github.com/AL0YSI0US/AL0YSI0US/commit/f2c6cad42230debed65878075605ab168b9b3bd8)
##### 2021-02-12 07:38:59 by ALOYSIOUS

Update README.md

Remembering the fallen, past and the inevitable to come. I cry for my brothers and sisters tears of love and tears of  joy.  I am celebrating us all.

---
## [tprrt/linux-stable@3755531843...](https://github.com/tprrt/linux-stable/commit/37555318436b307311ff90b6aec691e21336d4f3)
##### 2021-02-12 09:49:34 by Hugh Dickins

mm: fix VM_BUG_ON(PageTail) and BUG_ON(PageWriteback)

commit 073861ed77b6b957c3c8d54a11dc503f7d986ceb upstream.

Twice now, when exercising ext4 looped on shmem huge pages, I have crashed
on the PF_ONLY_HEAD check inside PageWaiters(): ext4_finish_bio() calling
end_page_writeback() calling wake_up_page() on tail of a shmem huge page,
no longer an ext4 page at all.

The problem is that PageWriteback is not accompanied by a page reference
(as the NOTE at the end of test_clear_page_writeback() acknowledges): as
soon as TestClearPageWriteback has been done, that page could be removed
from page cache, freed, and reused for something else by the time that
wake_up_page() is reached.

https://lore.kernel.org/linux-mm/20200827122019.GC14765@casper.infradead.org/
Matthew Wilcox suggested avoiding or weakening the PageWaiters() tail
check; but I'm paranoid about even looking at an unreferenced struct page,
lest its memory might itself have already been reused or hotremoved (and
wake_up_page_bit() may modify that memory with its ClearPageWaiters()).

Then on crashing a second time, realized there's a stronger reason against
that approach.  If my testing just occasionally crashes on that check,
when the page is reused for part of a compound page, wouldn't it be much
more common for the page to get reused as an order-0 page before reaching
wake_up_page()?  And on rare occasions, might that reused page already be
marked PageWriteback by its new user, and already be waited upon?  What
would that look like?

It would look like BUG_ON(PageWriteback) after wait_on_page_writeback()
in write_cache_pages() (though I have never seen that crash myself).

Matthew Wilcox explaining this to himself:
 "page is allocated, added to page cache, dirtied, writeback starts,

  --- thread A ---
  filesystem calls end_page_writeback()
        test_clear_page_writeback()
  --- context switch to thread B ---
  truncate_inode_pages_range() finds the page, it doesn't have writeback set,
  we delete it from the page cache.  Page gets reallocated, dirtied, writeback
  starts again.  Then we call write_cache_pages(), see
  PageWriteback() set, call wait_on_page_writeback()
  --- context switch back to thread A ---
  wake_up_page(page, PG_writeback);
  ... thread B is woken, but because the wakeup was for the old use of
  the page, PageWriteback is still set.

  Devious"

And prior to 2a9127fcf229 ("mm: rewrite wait_on_page_bit_common() logic")
this would have been much less likely: before that, wake_page_function()'s
non-exclusive case would stop walking and not wake if it found Writeback
already set again; whereas now the non-exclusive case proceeds to wake.

I have not thought of a fix that does not add a little overhead: the
simplest fix is for end_page_writeback() to get_page() before calling
test_clear_page_writeback(), then put_page() after wake_up_page().

Was there a chance of missed wakeups before, since a page freed before
reaching wake_up_page() would have PageWaiters cleared?  I think not,
because each waiter does hold a reference on the page.  This bug comes
when the old use of the page, the one we do TestClearPageWriteback on,
had *no* waiters, so no additional page reference beyond the page cache
(and whoever racily freed it).  The reuse of the page has a waiter
holding a reference, and its own PageWriteback set; but the belated
wake_up_page() has woken the reuse to hit that BUG_ON(PageWriteback).

Reported-by: syzbot+3622cea378100f45d59f@syzkaller.appspotmail.com
Reported-by: Qian Cai <cai@lca.pw>
Fixes: 2a9127fcf229 ("mm: rewrite wait_on_page_bit_common() logic")
Signed-off-by: Hugh Dickins <hughd@google.com>
Cc: stable@vger.kernel.org # v5.8+
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [kaporli/ElderBlocks-Reborn@e1214199c3...](https://github.com/kaporli/ElderBlocks-Reborn/commit/e1214199c3dfc97e795cc5ed77dfe25ed904d3c1)
##### 2021-02-12 11:03:30 by kaporli

Added/ Altered scripts and configs

Configured Randomtthings for balancing.

Configured Serene Seasons to make Crops not grow all-year round.

Configured Reliquary to remove dumb items.

Added a script for Randomtthings to remove so many fucking bullshit items, you wouldn't believe. All I wanted was a fucking pocket dimension mod and I had to spend near 3 hours making a script to get rid of all of its shit features? Christ.

Altered baubles script to remove some Randomthings baubles.

Added a script for Aesthetics to remove the ugly bricks.

---
## [alltheatreides/AVE_MARIA_CK3@39a9f77721...](https://github.com/alltheatreides/AVE_MARIA_CK3/commit/39a9f77721f40959c72d317227e813d967a59d90)
##### 2021-02-12 16:04:49 by alltheatreides

v0.1.9.1-alpha

- Overhauled how heresies work, they will trigger now on a random Monk/Priest who will convert to the new heresy and spark up popular county conversion in the geographical location of the heresiarch, only the player host of the heretic Monk/Priest can decide to convert to the new heresy
- Overhauled the Martial education traits: vanilla martial education is now understood as a physical martial arts education when you learn to fight. The education martial trait thus give prowess instead of martial. Upon 16th birthday, children following a martial education can gain the Commander trait (same tier as vanilla martial education and same stats) representing his ability to lead men and armies. Barring exceptional individuals (or already proven Commander guardians), 16 year old will not get the highest martial tier but can learn to be better commanders during battles either as commanders or as knights (half of the experience). Positive Openess to Experience and Honesty Humility traits will make them progress and improve their Commander trait faster
- Removed Martial stat bonus from Berserker
- Added Martial stat (2,4,6) for the Hunter trait
- Going below 25 Popularity as the Basileus will give every Doux, Tagma commanders and high administration official a claim on the Empire
- GUI rewriting to reduce size of error log
- Going for a run (Stress Reduction Decision from Athletic trait will reduce your target weight now, no more Athletic obese characters regularly going for a run and not seeing any result)
- Added an event triggered when you become Roman Emperor through a Faction Demand to decide on what to do with your predecessor (snip snip)
- Reduced to 0 the Marriage weighting modifier based on the number of owned alliances
- Improved Legitimacy calculation weighting for the Emperor election: one Legitimacy point give you one additional vote weight up until 150 where it caps
- Increased Junior Emperor trait vote weight in Emperor election to 150 (from 100)
- Blind and Eunuch characters are barred from the Emperor election
- Born in the Purple and positive Beauty traits increase initial Popularity calculation (+20 ; +10/15/20)
- Added crutches to the AI when becoming Roman Emperor to choose one of the Basileus Lifestyle focuses
- Cannot buy land/add Family succession law to a county title under a Kourator duchy title
- Increased chances for the AI to take the Sponsor Church Renovation decision when Popularity is below 50
- Automatic government change for roman vassals using roman government when they fall outside of the empire
- Reduced weight gain from Feast Activity by half
- Increased the AI chance to take the Imperial Expedition decision if they have Martial quality traits and inversely if they are do not
- Increased Ai chance to replace/fire the Domestikos of the Scholai if he is not of your own dynasty
- Barred +55 years old characters from Strategos elections.
- Reworked Obsessed Hunter trait gfx to be more in line with vanilla style
- Added a minimum 0.1 income and 100 levies to Sparsely Populated Holdings
- Changed the 1066 De Jure setup for the Kingdom of France by including all of Aquitaine and Catalonia

---

# [<](2021-02-11.md) 2021-02-12 [>](2021-02-13.md)

