# [<](2021-01-22.md) 2021-01-23 [>](2021-01-24.md)

2,015,659 events, 1,125,220 push events, 1,656,494 commit messages, 121,705,675 characters


## [nonchris/covid-data-bot](https://github.com/nonchris/covid-data-bot)@[7a30f1558a...](https://github.com/nonchris/covid-data-bot/commit/7a30f1558a5f10ff45e65948b4c4926489ecb8eb)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 01:11:23 by nonchris

:arrow_upper_right: Removed requesterV1 - not needed anymore

Good bye old friend! You did a great job... But the kreisverwaltung didn't give the side you requested the love it deserved...
Thanks for your flawless work all the days :)

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[f4b23e1688...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/f4b23e1688ad57105d2720b83b29e2748079f214)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 02:57:04 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-01-22: See data notes for important messages.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

Upcoming changes (specific dates to be announced soon):

- The data structure of time series data will change in response to user feedback. This will only consist of adding additional columns to make the data easier to work with. The core columns will remain the same, for now. More details to follow. Initially, the updated dataset will be provided alongside the new dataset. After a time, the new data format will completely replace the old format.

Recent changes:

- 2021-01-08: The directories cases_extra and mortality_extra have been moved to other/cases_extra and other/mortality_extra.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, BC, MB, ON, SK); mortality (MB).

BC revised their fully vaccinated number from yesterday (2021-01-21): https://archive.news.gov.bc.ca/releases/news_releases_2020-2024/2021HLTH0004-000113.htm.

Two historical deaths from Northern (MB) were removed to better align with current health region cumulative values. There still exist some small discrepancies in the province due to the way that MB reports new deaths and modifies old deaths. We will try to correct these in the future.

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 88* new deaths, for a total of 9,361 deaths. Among these 88 deaths, 18 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 33 have occurred between January 15 and January 20, 33 have occurred before January 15 and 4 have occurred at an unknown date. * 37 deaths are from a catch-up due to a late transfer of deaths that occurred between December 6, 2020 and January 17, 2021.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [RCHS-Programming/guess-the-colour-RAS06](https://github.com/RCHS-Programming/guess-the-colour-RAS06)@[212c946165...](https://github.com/RCHS-Programming/guess-the-colour-RAS06/commit/212c94616599ac3b687f5831db47e036f1f396db)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 03:15:57 by RAS06

Anguished over this bloody program for several hours and unshamefully phoned up a friend and used Stack Overflow to finally finish off a few bloody bugs after working on them for days, regardless of the fact that I could have dropped this assignment on account of the fact that this is an extension. God knows I don't have the self control to just put it down. I had to do it, even if it means Stack Overflow and asking homies for assistance. I'm just glad... that I finally got it done.

---
## [TenteEEEE/S3Sampler](https://github.com/TenteEEEE/S3Sampler)@[b8f52c35fd...](https://github.com/TenteEEEE/S3Sampler/commit/b8f52c35fd54a4d7e4b05e59a176eb759ff7d9e0)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 04:44:30 by TenteEEEE

updated: 20210123. New:Schwank - Fresh! by Jabob, Aitsuki Nakuru - Monochrome Butterfly by muffn, Pierce The Veil - Just the Way You Are by Uninstaller, Minari - Naughty little demon by Hoppaw, kamome sano - citrus by nolan121405, t.A.T.u - Not Gonna Get Us by Emilia, t+pazolite - Count down 321 by muffn, FatBeanzoop, DE125, RiraN - Daydream by xScaramouche, Kobaryo - SUPER REACTOR by xScaramouche & Scrappy, Kobaryo [feat. Camellia] - Villain Virus by Denyah_ & Rusty, t+pazolite - UMMU by carrot, Kobaryo - Magical Sanctuary by Refugee Camp, Schwank - Monolith by fraies, Camellia - Chirality by That_Narwhal, Xavier "mv" Dang - Exciter by Skeelie, QURELESS - You are eating my rotten dick by Astrella, RoughSketch - 666 by cerret, MY FIRST STORY - ALONE by muffn & SimplyMarvellous, Obsidia - Unity by Rayman9515, BlackY - Paradission by Schwank, USAO - Chariot by Timbo, Camellia - Dance with Silence by abcbadq, Mittsies - Vitality by Emir, Camellia - Qyoh by muffn, Nekomata Master - chrono diver -fragment- by kizuflux, Ruby My Dear - Clinpf Eepfwoof by Jabob, t+pazolite - Hanavision by xShappyMouche, Noboru-P - The Snow White Princess is by Mystikmol & endcredits, t+pazolite vs. RoughSketch - See you Never by Anammelech, NayutalieN - Rocket Cider by SmileEaglet, NOMA - Brain Power by Redmagi, Eptic - Violence by DFeth, USAO - XTREME by Timbo, Bass Modulators - Ruffneck Bass by Nolanimations, Kobaryo - Apocalypse Simulator by xScaramouche & Scrappy, t+pazolite - Himitsu CULT by Kitoyo, USAO - Climax by Timbo, Azazal & Paper Skies - Radiclaw by CyanSnow, MisoilePunch - VVelcome!! by SieR, XeoN - Dream of Winds by Mystikmol, Toby Fox - Bergentruckung by BIBI AGEVER, Conor Ross - Goodbye by Halcyon12, Gram - Nibelungen by ComplexFrequency, Camellia - JDM by Atomosophere, Smokey Joe & The Kid - Slow Drag by Artjoms, Azazal - Scratch by CyanSnow, FELT - Last Wind by Kival Evan, Camellia - [BLEED BLOOD] by Jabob, Yuuhei Satellite - Hitomi ni Kakusareta Omoi by Kival Evan, Camellia - Wolves Standing Towards Enemies by That_Narwhal, Camellia - Splatter Party by Skeelie & AaltopahWi, TryHardNinja - Revenge by Team C2, Thaehan - Ending by FatBeanzoop, RISH - OniiChan High Tech by Vilawes & altrewin, Toby Fox - Bergentruckung by Emilia, Tujamo - Drop That Low (When I Dip) by Uninstaller

---
## [offthedial/bot](https://github.com/offthedial/bot)@[8372c58d3d...](https://github.com/offthedial/bot/commit/8372c58d3d8df013a69614b3b68ee6a90df94251)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 05:13:21 by LeptoFlare

Store id's as strings so
javascript doesn't decide to lose some random ass amount of precision because fuck you javascript

---
## [Antimatter543/Kaggle](https://github.com/Antimatter543/Kaggle)@[9f9272274a...](https://github.com/Antimatter543/Kaggle/commit/9f9272274a829978f78235f7833f997a2aee7279)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 05:23:56 by Anti Matter

Update Lvl3.5-AlphaBetaPruning (Self-added)

After ~5 hours of searching through logs, fixing things, getting more errors, fixing more things, I finally just fucking said 'fuck it' and put the thing in. I got an 'error' on submissions OVER 10 FUCKING TIMES. JUST
SLAP AFTER SLAP AFTER SLAP AFTER
SLAP.
AH. In the end, I made this shit and then I put it in at n=10: fuckin error'd out after an hour with an empty log.
So I put it in with n = 2: it works..
Why?
Why the fuck does this have to happen?
How is alpha-beta better when the motherfucker won't look at 8? Right now it's 'oh ew're gonna take like forever for your submission'.
Look, if it can't do host an n=5 I mean wtf. Time to watch David Silver's vids (after some Coursera)

---
## [mneedle/Python](https://github.com/mneedle/Python)@[bcf2c0842c...](https://github.com/mneedle/Python/commit/bcf2c0842c362f9c8014dc10369898306f303059)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 08:07:46 by Max Needle

MORE INFO

My mother has been playing Mahjong for my entire life, and finally during the COVID-19 quarantine, she taught me and the rest of my family how to play. While bored over Summer 2020 in quarantine, I created a program that helps novice Mahjong players (like myself) with the game (using the 2020 card). In this program, I calculate the probability of each possible winning Mahjong hand taking into account the player's own hand and the tiles that have already been thrown by them and other players (this makes more sense if you know how to play the game). In a GUI that allows the player to enter their own tiles and the tiles being thrown by other players, the program recommends which tiles to discard and previews the player's most probable winning hands. Unfortunately, this program requires a number of seconds to run all of the probability computations, so I do not recommend using it if you are playing with experiences players (they may get annoyed at you, as I've found to be the case). However, if you're just learning to play the game, it may help you to see which hands are most attainable. I intend to continue working on this program in hopes of cutting down the program's run time between turns (i.e., tiles thrown).

---
## [stormbreaker-project/kernel_xiaomi_lavender](https://github.com/stormbreaker-project/kernel_xiaomi_lavender)@[6322f32822...](https://github.com/stormbreaker-project/kernel_xiaomi_lavender/commit/6322f328225ae41a482d88a3744f83676e110a60)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 10:03:59 by darkhz

mm: process_reclaim: Modified the driver to kill processes.

This is marked HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL. Use at your own risk.

If you want to test this, ZRAM/SWAP must be enabled!

Background
==========
While playing around with various low memory solutions on Android, like
the stock Android LowMemoryKiller and Sultan's Simple LMK,
I was unsatisfied with the way with which they handled low memory.

Here are my reasons,but I may be wrong/unclear.Please do feel free to correct me.

- Android LMK is too aggressive,but setting minfrees/adjs help to an
  extent.During my testing,I found that LMK depletes swap-pages to 0,
  and a thrashing situation ensues.When this thrashing situation
  continues for a long time,OOM Killer comes into play,and starts
  killing tasks at random.This is undesirable.

- Sultan's SLMK is a bit better,but still aggressive,in the sense that
  it starts to kill tasks even if there is a short memory spike.This is
  undesirable, as there may be a situation wherein many swap pages are
  available,but since tasks are being killed when those memory spikes
  occur,swap pages may not be used as much as they are freed.These kind
  of situations are frequent when using SLMK during my testing.

In short,I was unable to keep many apps open as per the potential of my
device's RAM and ZRAM.The above-mentioned solutions also killed Android
services at random, which proved to be annoying, for example when I had a
music player and apps in the background,the music player would abruptly be
killed.

My objective is to:

- Keep important tasks like Android services running
  until they are closed by the user.

- Kill apps as little as possible,or specifically,killing apps based
  on the total time spent on it.This means that, apps with larger usage
  time get killed more rarely,and apps with lesser usage times get
  killed frequently.

Solution
========
This is my humble(flawed?) attempt at handling a low-memory situation in a
better manner.

I used the Process Reclaim driver as the base for this purpose.
The reason why I used this driver was that,its function was to reclaim
ANONYMOUS(MM_ANON) pages from each scanned task as much as possible(according to per_swap_size),
so that apps never get killed,and memory gets reclaimed in the end.

In theory,this sounds good.While testing though,I ran into a very
serious problem: system freezes.Too much memory pressure and less ANONYMOUS
pages to reclaim rendered the system unusable for a while,which was NOT cool.

Therefore,the only way to prevent these system freezes was to kill some
tasks,but at the appropriate time.This is the approach I took:

- We keep reclaiming pages if they are above defined threshold
  (free_swap_limit).

- Once the swap goes below a percentage(free_percent) above/below the threshold,
  we start to collect tasks to kill.

- We then sort those tasks based on their last accessed (stime+utime),
  and then start killing the tasks with the lowest (stime+utime).We stop
  killing tasks once the number of swap pages are above the threshold
  (free_swap_limit).
  I specifically sorted according to acct_timexpd,see kernel/tsacct.c for
  more details(CONFIG_TASK_XACCT).

So, in theory, this should reclaim ANONYMOUS pages more often, and kill
tasks less,depending on the memory pressure.

Other Changes
=============
- I've renamed some variables in the driver, so that their values don't
  get reset by the values set by the ROM, specifically,
  init.qcom.post_boot.sh

- Removed min_score_adj, I've now added a blacklist of OOM_SCORE_ADJ's
  so that the ones in the blacklist don't get their MM_ANON pages
  reclaimed.This is important,because some running services/apps may
  glitch(this happens rarely).For example, while playing music, I
  experienced crackling sounds at random intervals.

- Added functionality to wake up oom_reaper after killing a task,so that
  once the task is killed,all its pages(?) will be reaped.
  (Taken from the lowmemorykiller.c code)

- Added some code bits from SLMK(marked in the comments).

- Removed traces from the driver.

Credits
=======
Minchan Kim and Vinayak Menon for the Process Reclaim driver, and
Sultan AlSawaf(kerneltoast) for the appropriate code bits.

Signed-off-by: darkhz <kmachanwenw@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: sohamxda7 <sensoham135@gmail.com>

---
## [omnomnom215/LilacMedb-BetterDiscord-Theme](https://github.com/omnomnom215/LilacMedb-BetterDiscord-Theme)@[cc23855bac...](https://github.com/omnomnom215/LilacMedb-BetterDiscord-Theme/commit/cc23855bac0f6968e4e52aa7564e31a05d5b0b75)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 10:09:39 by goldmoth99

time for more shitty changes

i honestly hate discord now, i'm sick of it. why is my console laggy stop kill me.

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[e9931bcde6...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/e9931bcde671bf8b545f41d1ecf3a2b2f39828f6)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 10:24:21 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: People think love is an emotion.  Love is good sense.
		-- Ken Kesey

---
## [joew4093/asus-x555lb-mojave-efi](https://github.com/joew4093/asus-x555lb-mojave-efi)@[9f467d13d5...](https://github.com/joew4093/asus-x555lb-mojave-efi/commit/9f467d13d5703c833565650d422fa7ba4ea74dc7)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 14:28:40 by joew4093

Create cyber issue 

Hello Everyone, to tell you the real truth, there are only a few hackers out there who know the dynamics about hacking, only a few of them are experienced and know how to hack anything. I have been very lucky to come across one of them whom I would describe as pretty good and very honest. He’ll do any of your hacking jobs ranging from phone hacks to social media hacks Bank hack bitcoin you name it. Contact him through his Email hack.truth77@gmail.com make sure to let him know you got his contact here from me.

---
## [OmegaHaxors/ElectricalAge](https://github.com/OmegaHaxors/ElectricalAge)@[82d43853e7...](https://github.com/OmegaHaxors/ElectricalAge/commit/82d43853e76660b9b8f468f1e87e96e55c2a2079)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 17:27:19 by OmegaHaxors

I have no idea what i'm doing.
Cablepace is now a config

Defaults to 1, so player have the choice to adjust it to their liking
Previous value was 4, so adjust it to that if you want the changes back
Compiled JAR

Contains the latest updates, precompiled for personal use.
Delete ElectricalAge-1.14.2-BatteryTweak.jar
Audio Assets
Reverted macerator sound

A lot of people didn't like it
Delete ElectricalAge-1.14.2-BatteryRework.jar
Latest Compiled Jar

For those who want to keep up with my latest changes.
Hotfix

Single-Use batteries were OP
Added IC2 fuel to registry

I guess the previous dev forgot to put it in.
Shares stats with Forestry Ethanol since they share stats in IC2 as well.
Latest Release
Fixed Experimental Battery oversight

Had a far lower current limit than intended
Compiled Jar

Perfect for those who just want to play the latest stable build.
Engine work
Battery changes and new Experimental Battery
Add files via upload
updated assets
asset added
A basic arc furnace model

could be a lot better
Some changes which have no doubt been overwritten by now
Thx lashtear

Fixed that really annoying -voltage 'bug'
Working code for the Graphite changes

BTW this descriptor system sucks major.
Added in the new Graphite items

Nerfed coal->dust to match in line with the rest of modded (1:1)
Coal plates are now more expensive on energy to craft
Coal plates now compress into Graphite rods
Graphite rods can be combined and separated in crafting
The Four-pack of Graphite Rods can be compressed into a Synthetic Diamond
Exciting ideas in the future for it. For now, its only purpose is to craft into a normal Diamond
Synthetic Diamond costs 64 coal to craft, putting the coal->diamond ratio on par with the rest of modded
Graphite Assets
Fixed syntax error

Forgot to add an , in one of the recipes. Whoops.
Minor Recipe Tweak

Machine Blocks and Advanced machine blocks now require 4 Tree Resin as an epoxy.
Tweak to Iron Poverty change

Alloy no longer requires gold. Now requires four tungsten dust, one iron dust, and one coal dust.
This should put the bottleneck for crafting away from gold (where it didn't need to be) and into tungsten
Haxorian Pistol model

Models for an upcoming plasma weapon
The Poverty Patch

Reduced costs of recipes across the board.

Iron and Copper ingots now craft into twice as many cables
One rubber and two cables now make 2 Low Voltage/Signal Cables
Ingot recipe for cables now produces 12 cables from 6 rubber and 3 ingots
This doubles the crafting yield of ingots and rubber
Almost all iron has been replaced with iron cable in recipes
This includes the infamous Machine Block which used to take an unacceptable 8 iron now only takes 2
The exception is solar panels, the water turbine and power storage. I didn't want to make those too easy
Thankfully though all the iron you'll save on everything else should allow you to make them anyway
This one might be unpopular: Alloy ingot now requires two gold dust instead of two iron dust
This is effectively a nerf to the rarity of Alloy ingot but finally gives purpose to gold
The Cheap Ferromagnetic core now requires cables instead of ingots
The Average core has the same recipe
The Perfect core is now two plates more expensive
forgot to add this in the balancing patch

whoops
Haxorian Balance Patch

See eln.java for details
Haxorian Balance Patch

Includes a ton of changes, mostly to electrical equipment.
Changes include adding a few new macerator recipes
Finishing the previously-unusable high-beam flashlight option
Rebalancing of storage mediums: Batteries are more 'battery' and capacitors are more 'capacitor'
Portable batteries/capacitor packs are now crafted in fours, and have stats to match
Portable capacitors and E-coal armor are slightly cheaper to craft
E-coal was completely rebalanced to be worth using
E-coal can now be thrown in the macerator to reclaim coal dust
Portable Drill and Hatchet buffed to Eff4 Diamond to make up for lack of enchants
Cost-per-block of drill and hatchet were halved to compensate for increased work speed
Probably a few other things I forgot to add. Generally improved game-feel of handheld power tools
Packs are now in 4s

---
## [shockdude/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/shockdude/Simply-Love-SM5)@[4d3a7e3e20...](https://github.com/shockdude/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/4d3a7e3e2056ade97feec65e0ee128d53cfa1766)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 18:41:36 by Dan Guzek

fix minor alignment issues with SSM's header text

I spent a few hours tonight trying to figure out what https://github.com/ddrillini/Simply-Love-SM5/issues/17 might be referring to so that there could be one fewer perceived fault with the theme.  This commit contains whatever miscellaneous cleanup was worth keeping after giving up.

I am no closer to divining what "ScreenSummary center header is sized weirdly" might mean, but I am now 104x more confident that bitmap fonts in this theme are a disorganized mess.  Neat.

---
## [shockdude/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/shockdude/Simply-Love-SM5)@[b5f6ba6652...](https://github.com/shockdude/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/b5f6ba665235c585196f85ddfac96ab1aa3b9934)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 18:41:36 by Dan Guzek

make Simply Love Options more modular

Simply Love started to seriously support more than just English starting with v4.8.0.  At that time, one of the testers (Jose or HeySora, I think) found that the Simply Love Options screen did not fully update to use a new language until SM was restarted.

I did not have time to fix it then, so v4.8 shipped with the note:

-------------
Please note that immediately after switching the language (for example, from English to Español), it may be necessary to restart to StepMania for all in-game text to be properly translated. This is probably a bug, but thankfully you should only need to change the language once.
-------------

Then I forgot about it for a while.

I looked into it today and realized pretty quickly that my SL_CustomPrefs table in ./Scripts/99 SL-ThemePrefs.lua was only being evaluated once, at SM init.

This commit makes SL's use of _fallback's ThemePrefs system more modular by wrapping the existing code in functions.

I added some inline comments and updated the main README.md.

---
## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[a32e0a2aa4...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/a32e0a2aa4022bf6f00f16193bc596f9e468ea84)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 18:43:47 by Clifford T. Matthews

Includes today's La Luz 35.3# pack run.

I was doing fairly well, but lost a bit of time as I tried to take off my
microspikes (a little too soon, by the way).  My hands were fairly cold.  I
expected this to cause some trouble (i.e. not being able to grip the tab
in the back), but it was even worse than I expected.  I had to balance on
one foot and then pull from the side.  That worked well for one, but the
other took a while.

To make matters worse, I got distracted and took a low speed fall as I
was executing one of the very few switchbacks that is basically made
out of rock, rather than dirt.  I minorly sprained my left ankle and
got some annoying abrasions on my right shin.  It took me a while
before I could run again and even when I could it was pretty slow.

Monday intervals are probably going to suck, but my *guess* is I'll be
in OK shape for this coming Saturday's 24 mile 40# ruck run.  I'll
know a lot more tomorrow.

FWIW my distraction was completely my own fault.  I had recently been
running downhill and a hiker was coming up the other way.  Rather than
get to the side of the trail so I could continue running, the hiker slowed
down significantly and pulled up his mask (I wasn't wearing one) and then
proceeded to hike up the center of the trail.  This caused me to slow to
a walk and maneuver around him.

I realize that the hiker probably thinks that people who don't wear
masks are what's prolonging the covid epidemic, and that hikers have
as much right to the trail as runners, so I shouldn't have mentally
dwelled on what happened, but at least I got a good lesson in minding
my own business.  If I had just shrugged it off *instantly*, I
probably would have mentally returned to paying attention to what I
was doing.

---
## [b3h3m0th/athenic-ui](https://github.com/b3h3m0th/athenic-ui)@[75ca9422ed...](https://github.com/b3h3m0th/athenic-ui/commit/75ca9422ed70b57000b3ee4173c3a44854596b1e)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 19:31:19 by Behemoth

🚀 LETS FUCKING GOOO STORYBOOK FINALLY WORKING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOLY SHIT

---
## [WayofTime/BloodMagic](https://github.com/WayofTime/BloodMagic)@[cac20388f8...](https://github.com/WayofTime/BloodMagic/commit/cac20388f8191589e41d9b6fdbbb9e0a5d98779f)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 19:38:03 by wrincewind

Improved Ritual descriptions (et al) (#1761)

* Updated book to match v3.0.4-9.

did a general quality pass, removed extranious $(item) tags where $(l:) tags were already being used, added a page for the explosive charges, added a description of blood transfer to and from the blood altar, added a 2x soulforge template, removed progress bar (for now)

* added changelog

also added links from the changelog to various relevant pages in the book, and added anchors accordingly.

* Update manual to 3.0.6-11

updated changelog, added page for Well of Suffering, rewrote entry on Explosive Charges, slightly tweaked the Anointments to better describe how they wear off, added a $(blood) tag to the manual (same colour as $(fire) so we can talk about Blood more dramatically. This is BLOOD magic after all! (Note, make sure this works - the word 'blood' in the Well of Suffering should be red.

* Improved Ritual Descriptions & Wills

Added links to a few things, formatted some bits to be prettier, elaborated on Fire Fuse, explained that benefits that improve with more Will in the aura don't care about other aspects,

* fixed overlapping URLs

might be a temporary fix until patchouli solves this bug on their end, but the 'NOT YET IMPLEMENTED' link was previously running-over into the clickable area for 'demon will'. Moving it to a new line should solve this.

* Anointments work on Explosives

... unless they don't, that is... Way, be sure to remove the bit for 'looting' working on charges if you can't crack that problem. (I've got faith in you, so i've left it in for now!)

* misc fixes

Cutting Fluid works with the Ritual of the Crusher, and the Self Sacrifice bonus is +150%, not 150%.

---
## [RishuRajan/Data-Structure-And-Algorithm-with-Competitive-Programming](https://github.com/RishuRajan/Data-Structure-And-Algorithm-with-Competitive-Programming)@[b28d35b350...](https://github.com/RishuRajan/Data-Structure-And-Algorithm-with-Competitive-Programming/commit/b28d35b350fb0add493774b6306e1f1962581559)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 21:07:05 by Rishu Rajan

GOLD COINS ROBBERY

Shubham and Tushar are 2 thieves and they had decided to rob a FALTU society. FALTU society consists of N houses in a row.Each of the ith house has A[i] number of gold coins.

To rob the whole society they both came up with a plan that they will make total N trips to the society one by one (starting from Shubham) and perform below operation in each trip :

> First the thief (which is going to society) had to choose a house which is not selected in any of the previous trips and this house must be adjacent to the house chosen in the other thief’s last operation. Now assign this house to the current thief.If there are multiple such houses any of them can be chosen.

OR 

>  If there is no such house that satisfies the above condition or this is Shuhbam's first trip then the thief can choose any house that is not selected before. Now the chosen house will be assigned to the current thief.

After these N trips , each thief can have the gold coins present in their assigned houses. They both love gold coins , and each of them is smart enough to perform the optimal moves in order to have the maximum number of gold coins at the end of the robbery.

Find the number of gold coins that each thief will have at the end of the robbery.

NOTE: Thief perform 2nd type of operation if he is unable to perform operation of 1st type.

 

CUSTOM INPUT OUTPUT is allowed in this question.

CONSTRAINTS:
1)   1<= N<= 3*10^5

2)   1<= A[i] <= 100000000

 

INPUT:
First line contains N denoting number of houses in the FALTU society.

Second Line contains N spaced integer denoting number of gold coins in each house.

 

OUTPUT:
Print the maximum number of gold coins Shubham and Tushar will have at the end of the robbery.

SAMPLE INPUT 
4
2 4 3 1
SAMPLE OUTPUT 
5 5
Explanation
array = [2 , 4, 3 ,1]

There more than one way of robbing for getting optimal answer.

One way is if shubham chooses house with gold coins 4 then tushar can choose either house with gold coins 3 or with gold coins 2.

Now tushar also wants maximum total gold coins, so the optimal move would be if he chooses house with gold coins 3.

Now in shubham's turn he  had to choose house with gold coin 1.

finally in tushar's turn he chooses house with gold coin = 2. 

Shubham takes 4+1 = 5 gold coins.

Tushar takes 3+2 = 5 gold coins.

---
## [hipe/downtownfun](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun)@[da31b5ba36...](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun/commit/da31b5ba367e45779fc6e37304b17a00783d0fe8)
#### Saturday 2021-01-23 22:49:33 by Mark Meves

feat(text-lib): introduce ASCII-to-graph (proof-of-concept) ((1529))

Discussion: this probably seems crazy, but A) it felt *way* too crazy
to build out the variety of document graphs we need to develop against
by making lots and lots (and lots) of text fixture collections on the
filesystem; and B) this is an itch we’ve been long wanting to scratch
anyway…

(P.S.: we know there’s something like this “out there” but we wanted
to get our rough draft out first before seeing it, because of that OCD
we have that we for some reason associate with philosopher Auguste
Compte (but we couldn’t find a citation for what we’re talking about)…)

(times)
  01-18 12:10  begin to review old "big graph" & "generate all"
               code for upcoming arch change
  01-19 12:02  begin flushing pending renames
        21:19  resume rebuilding generate markdown for legacy hugo code
  01-20 00:51  crazy dynamic CLI is working
  01-21 10:34  after much pain and suffering and a whole day of feeling
               sick and lost, we have an idea of what we are doing
        11:23  broke out cluster of experimenting into a long punchlist
        13:12  done with covering passive parse
        23:12  finished splicing in CLI frontend prototyping/stubbing
  01-22 01:02  begin crazy line parse asciii graph thing
        02:19  good progress, take rest
        10:17  resume, entering the top of the mountain:
               resolving forward references of arcs
        06:22  happy with two test cases, need to sleep
  01-23 13:39  ok ascii graph thing is good but we have to normalize and
               abstract the result structure
        17:36  finished multi-hour re-arch to unify token & "token typ"
.

---

# [<](2021-01-22.md) 2021-01-23 [>](2021-01-24.md)

