# [<](2021-03-13.md) 2021-03-14 [>](2021-03-15.md)

2,187,209 events, 1,271,256 push events, 1,772,766 commit messages, 101,674,226 characters


## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[6cb2d2aa2a...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/6cb2d2aa2a923ff1ff3d543dd99a440538980e51)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 01:41:50 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-13: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, MB, NS, QC, SK).

AB announced 474 cases today but the health region totals incremented by only 472. Contrast this to yesterday’s update (2021-03-12), where the health region totals incremented by 2 more than the provincial total. We have backdated 2 of the cases added yesterday in order to make the province-level totals match for both dates.

QC reported 789 cases today but the health region totals incremented by only 775. The reason for this is the removal of 14 previous cases Chaudière-Appalaches as duplicates. To match the daily and cumulative totals for the health regions, we have changed the date of the 14 most recent previous cases from the region to today’s date.

Made some retroactive changes to vaccine distribution data based on backdated updates to PHAC vaccine distribution data (2021-03-03). Only replaced numbers when provincial numbers were not available. Also added retroactive updated for 2021-03-10 and 2021-03-11. Also updated BC vaccine doses administered from 2021-03-12.

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “11 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 10,535, due to the withdrawal of 2 deaths not attributable to COVID-19: 0 death in the last 24 hours, 7 deaths between March 6 and March 11, 4 deaths before March 6.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [henrikvtcodes/comingsoonv1](https://github.com/henrikvtcodes/comingsoonv1)@[1c132ec017...](https://github.com/henrikvtcodes/comingsoonv1/commit/1c132ec017efde6f92669814ce929d45dab43662)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 02:59:59 by Henrik VT

Delete node.js.yml

fuckin broke ass shit actionscript

---
## [makingglitches/CensusScripts](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts)@[01ccc2ebc7...](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts/commit/01ccc2ebc72a04fd3e0e1f9ab7ef249621605761)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 04:47:28 by Magical Marvelous MADMADMAD Mister Mim !

you know if you fucks would stop making me relive the worst days of my life without any gain because you all want to be loser chomo whores that do the same shit willfully over and over, i wouldnt have to rediscover that anaconda sucks and rewrite this crap puzzling over why this dumb shit is not working..... seriously.

---
## [meavik/CodeForces](https://github.com/meavik/CodeForces)@[0eb3b656fb...](https://github.com/meavik/CodeForces/commit/0eb3b656fb51ef9576408cdf03fe783bfef77a4a)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 05:31:16 by ShaunAshraf

Create 160A-Twins.cpp

Imagine that you have a twin brother or sister. Having another person that looks exactly like you seems very unusual. It's hard to say if having something of an alter ego is good or bad. And if you do have a twin, then you very well know what it's like.

Now let's imagine a typical morning in your family. You haven't woken up yet, and Mom is already going to work. She has been so hasty that she has nearly forgotten to leave the two of her darling children some money to buy lunches in the school cafeteria. She fished in the purse and found some number of coins, or to be exact, n coins of arbitrary values a1, a2, ..., an. But as Mom was running out of time, she didn't split the coins for you two. So she scribbled a note asking you to split the money equally.

As you woke up, you found Mom's coins and read her note. "But why split the money equally?" — you thought. After all, your twin is sleeping and he won't know anything. So you decided to act like that: pick for yourself some subset of coins so that the sum of values of your coins is strictly larger than the sum of values of the remaining coins that your twin will have. However, you correctly thought that if you take too many coins, the twin will suspect the deception. So, you've decided to stick to the following strategy to avoid suspicions: you take the minimum number of coins, whose sum of values is strictly more than the sum of values of the remaining coins. On this basis, determine what minimum number of coins you need to take to divide them in the described manner.

Input
The first line contains integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100) — the number of coins. The second line contains a sequence of n integers a1, a2, ..., an (1 ≤ ai ≤ 100) — the coins' values. All numbers are separated with spaces.

Output
In the single line print the single number — the minimum needed number of coins.

---
## [Grouflon/YAE](https://github.com/Grouflon/YAE)@[da2a9ae1f5...](https://github.com/Grouflon/YAE/commit/da2a9ae1f579df1154a8db2da89aad8515b2c2ba)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 09:25:04 by Grouflon

[CMake] Fuck you cmake, you suck, I'll never hear from you again
[premake] Hello premake, hopefully you won't get in my way each time I want to change something like the other dude
[mirror] added mirror submodule
[C] went back to C++14 standard cause the only C++17 thing we were using will get solved by using a platform interface

---
## [Crysteier/vsa-school](https://github.com/Crysteier/vsa-school)@[124deffc96...](https://github.com/Crysteier/vsa-school/commit/124deffc96fa0a5636998ba413632bd0cc8ee3b9)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 14:13:50 by Guntel

commiting the shit I have saved

my god I have deleted all my stuff because I still do not know how to work with this bullshit fucking github
good thing that I have put everything on different branches so I lost only 2 hours of work but still fuck me that I have lost it

---
## [pepe-invest-git/127.0.0.1](https://github.com/pepe-invest-git/127.0.0.1)@[67dd1ad284...](https://github.com/pepe-invest-git/127.0.0.1/commit/67dd1ad2845f368540e1c09e90b7d5b336e53521)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 14:47:16 by Peter Petrakovic

licence

This page is available in the following languages: Languages 
English
CCAttribution
Attribution 4.0 International
Official translations of this license are available in other languages.
Creative Commons Corporation (“Creative Commons”) is not a law firm and does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related information available on an “as-is” basis. Creative Commons gives no warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and conditions that creators and other rights holders may use to share original works of authorship and other material subject to copyright and certain other rights specified in the public license below. The following considerations are for informational purposes only, are not exhaustive, and do not form part of our licenses.

Considerations for licensors: Our public licenses are intended for use by those authorized to give the public permission to use material in ways otherwise restricted by copyright and certain other rights. Our licenses are irrevocable. Licensors should read and understand the terms and conditions of the license they choose before applying it. Licensors should also secure all rights necessary before applying our licenses so that the public can reuse the material as expected. Licensors should clearly mark any material not subject to the license. This includes other CC-licensed material, or material used under an exception or limitation to copyright. More considerations for licensors.

Considerations for the public: By using one of our public licenses, a licensor grants the public permission to use the licensed material under specified terms and conditions. If the licensor’s permission is not necessary for any reason–for example, because of any applicable exception or limitation to copyright–then that use is not regulated by the license. Our licenses grant only permissions under copyright and certain other rights that a licensor has authority to grant. Use of the licensed material may still be restricted for other reasons, including because others have copyright or other rights in the material. A licensor may make special requests, such as asking that all changes be marked or described. Although not required by our licenses, you are encouraged to respect those requests where reasonable. More considerations for the public.

Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License
By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License ("Public License"). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.

Section 1 – Definitions.

Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which the Licensed Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in a manner requiring permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the Licensor. For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image.
Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Public License.
Copyright and Similar Rights means copyright and/or similar rights closely related to copyright including, without limitation, performance, broadcast, sound recording, and Sui Generis Database Rights, without regard to how the rights are labeled or categorized. For purposes of this Public License, the rights specified in Section 2(b)(1)-(2) are not Copyright and Similar Rights.
Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements.
Exceptions and Limitations means fair use, fair dealing, and/or any other exception or limitation to Copyright and Similar Rights that applies to Your use of the Licensed Material.
Licensed Material means the artistic or literary work, database, or other material to which the Licensor applied this Public License.
Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has authority to license.
Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this Public License.
Share means to provide material to the public by any means or process that requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or importation, and to make material available to the public including in ways that members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time individually chosen by them.
Sui Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright resulting from Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as other essentially equivalent rights anywhere in the world.
You means the individual or entity exercising the Licensed Rights under this Public License. Your has a corresponding meaning.
Section 2 – Scope.

License grant.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to:
reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or in part; and
produce, reproduce, and Share Adapted Material.
Exceptions and Limitations. For the avoidance of doubt, where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its terms and conditions.
Term. The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a).
Media and formats; technical modifications allowed. The Licensor authorizes You to exercise the Licensed Rights in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter created, and to make technical modifications necessary to do so. The Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any right or authority to forbid You from making technical modifications necessary to exercise the Licensed Rights, including technical modifications necessary to circumvent Effective Technological Measures. For purposes of this Public License, simply making modifications authorized by this Section 2(a)(4) never produces Adapted Material.
Downstream recipients.
Offer from the Licensor – Licensed Material. Every recipient of the Licensed Material automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights under the terms and conditions of this Public License.
No downstream restrictions. You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the Licensed Rights by any recipient of the Licensed Material.
No endorsement. Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be construed as permission to assert or imply that You are, or that Your use of the Licensed Material is, connected with, or sponsored, endorsed, or granted official status by, the Licensor or others designated to receive attribution as provided in Section 3(a)(1)(A)(i).
Other rights.

Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity, privacy, and/or other similar personality rights; however, to the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed Rights, but not otherwise.
Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this Public License.
To the extent possible, the Licensor waives any right to collect royalties from You for the exercise of the Licensed Rights, whether directly or through a collecting society under any voluntary or waivable statutory or compulsory licensing scheme. In all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect such royalties.
Section 3 – License Conditions.

Your exercise of the Licensed Rights is expressly made subject to the following conditions.

Attribution.

If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified form), You must:

retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor with the Licensed Material:
identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed Material and any others designated to receive attribution, in any reasonable manner requested by the Licensor (including by pseudonym if designated);
a copyright notice;
a notice that refers to this Public License;
a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties;
a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable;
indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication of any previous modifications; and
indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, this Public License.
You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share the Licensed Material. For example, it may be reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or hyperlink to a resource that includes the required information.
If requested by the Licensor, You must remove any of the information required by Section 3(a)(1)(A) to the extent reasonably practicable.
If You Share Adapted Material You produce, the Adapter's License You apply must not prevent recipients of the Adapted Material from complying with this Public License.
Section 4 – Sui Generis Database Rights.

Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material:

for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(1) grants You the right to extract, reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database;
if You include all or a substantial portion of the database contents in a database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights, then the database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights (but not its individual contents) is Adapted Material; and
You must comply with the conditions in Section 3(a) if You Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 supplements and does not replace Your obligations under this Public License where the Licensed Rights include other Copyright and Similar Rights.
Section 5 – Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

Unless otherwise separately undertaken by the Licensor, to the extent possible, the Licensor offers the Licensed Material as-is and as-available, and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the Licensed Material, whether express, implied, statutory, or other. This includes, without limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the presence or absence of errors, whether or not known or discoverable. Where disclaimers of warranties are not allowed in full or in part, this disclaimer may not apply to You.
To the extent possible, in no event will the Licensor be liable to You on any legal theory (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary, or other losses, costs, expenses, or damages arising out of this Public License or use of the Licensed Material, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such losses, costs, expenses, or damages. Where a limitation of liability is not allowed in full or in part, this limitation may not apply to You.
The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.
Section 6 – Term and Termination.

This Public License applies for the term of the Copyright and Similar Rights licensed here. However, if You fail to comply with this Public License, then Your rights under this Public License terminate automatically.
Where Your right to use the Licensed Material has terminated under Section 6(a), it reinstates:

automatically as of the date the violation is cured, provided it is cured within 30 days of Your discovery of the violation; or
upon express reinstatement by the Licensor.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6(b) does not affect any right the Licensor may have to seek remedies for Your violations of this Public License.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Licensor may also offer the Licensed Material under separate terms or conditions or stop distributing the Licensed Material at any time; however, doing so will not terminate this Public License.
Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, and 8 survive termination of this Public License.
Section 7 – Other Terms and Conditions.

The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional or different terms or conditions communicated by You unless expressly agreed.
Any arrangements, understandings, or agreements regarding the Licensed Material not stated herein are separate from and independent of the terms and conditions of this Public License.
Section 8 – Interpretation.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Public License does not, and shall not be interpreted to, reduce, limit, restrict, or impose conditions on any use of the Licensed Material that could lawfully be made without permission under this Public License.
To the extent possible, if any provision of this Public License is deemed unenforceable, it shall be automatically reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable. If the provision cannot be reformed, it shall be severed from this Public License without affecting the enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.
No term or condition of this Public License will be waived and no failure to comply consented to unless expressly agreed to by the Licensor.
Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be interpreted as a limitation upon, or waiver of, any privileges and immunities that apply to the Licensor or You, including from the legal processes of any jurisdiction or authority.
Creative Commons is not a party to its public licenses. Notwithstanding, Creative Commons may elect to apply one of its public licenses to material it publishes and in those instances will be considered the “Licensor.” The text of the Creative Commons public licenses is dedicated to the public domain under the CC0 Public Domain Dedication. Except for the limited purpose of indicating that material is shared under a Creative Commons public license or as otherwise permitted by the Creative Commons policies published at creativecommons.org/policies, Creative Commons does not authorize the use of the trademark “Creative Commons” or any other trademark or logo of Creative Commons without its prior written consent including, without limitation, in connection with any unauthorized modifications to any of its public licenses or any other arrangements, understandings, or agreements concerning use of licensed material. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph does not form part of the public licenses.

Creative Commons may be contacted at creativecommons.org.

Additional languages available: العربية, čeština, Deutsch, Ελληνικά, Español, euskara, suomeksi, français, hrvatski, Bahasa Indonesia, italiano, 日本語, 한국어, Lietuvių, latviski, te reo Māori, Nederlands, norsk, polski, português, română, русский, Slovenščina, svenska, Türkçe, українська, 中文, 華語. Please read the FAQ for more information about official translations.

---
## [celtare21/kernel_google_coral](https://github.com/celtare21/kernel_google_coral)@[06bdfe6c97...](https://github.com/celtare21/kernel_google_coral/commit/06bdfe6c977b8c3672896888f1612ba0c3ca4bcc)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 16:05:30 by Kirill Tkhai

mm/vmscan.c: iterate only over charged shrinkers during memcg shrink_slab()

Using the preparations made in previous patches, in case of memcg
shrink, we may avoid shrinkers, which are not set in memcg's shrinkers
bitmap.  To do that, we separate iterations over memcg-aware and
!memcg-aware shrinkers, and memcg-aware shrinkers are chosen via
for_each_set_bit() from the bitmap.  In case of big nodes, having many
isolated environments, this gives significant performance growth.  See
next patches for the details.

Note that the patch does not respect to empty memcg shrinkers, since we
never clear the bitmap bits after we set it once.  Their shrinkers will
be called again, with no shrinked objects as result.  This functionality
is provided by next patches.

[ktkhai@virtuozzo.com: v9]
  Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/153112558507.4097.12713813335683345488.stgit@localhost.localdomain
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/153063066653.1818.976035462801487910.stgit@localhost.localdomain
Signed-off-by: Kirill Tkhai <ktkhai@virtuozzo.com>
Acked-by: Vladimir Davydov <vdavydov.dev@gmail.com>
Tested-by: Shakeel Butt <shakeelb@google.com>
Cc: Al Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Andrey Ryabinin <aryabinin@virtuozzo.com>
Cc: Chris Wilson <chris@chris-wilson.co.uk>
Cc: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Cc: Guenter Roeck <linux@roeck-us.net>
Cc: "Huang, Ying" <ying.huang@intel.com>
Cc: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Cc: Josef Bacik <jbacik@fb.com>
Cc: Li RongQing <lirongqing@baidu.com>
Cc: Matthew Wilcox <willy@infradead.org>
Cc: Matthias Kaehlcke <mka@chromium.org>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: Michal Hocko <mhocko@kernel.org>
Cc: Minchan Kim <minchan@kernel.org>
Cc: Philippe Ombredanne <pombredanne@nexb.com>
Cc: Roman Gushchin <guro@fb.com>
Cc: Sahitya Tummala <stummala@codeaurora.org>
Cc: Stephen Rothwell <sfr@canb.auug.org.au>
Cc: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Waiman Long <longman@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: celtare21 <celtare21@gmail.com>

---
## [15peaces/15-3athena](https://github.com/15peaces/15-3athena)@[d32cce5b08...](https://github.com/15peaces/15-3athena/commit/d32cce5b081436a68a3c46883675c0ad052127f9)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 17:14:07 by 15peaces

== Achievement System Rewrite (Part 4) ==
=General:
*Merged missing changes from 3ceam rev. 722 - 724

*Fixed a issue where the zenkai unit coding would leak into other coding following it when certain conditions are met. Because of this issue, its critically recommend users running a server revision between 278 - 279 (the last two updates) update to this revision ASAP to get the issue fixed.

*Complete rewrite of the achievement system (part 4).
-Fixed achievement reward packet.
-Fixed getting achievement reward packets order & split achievement reward function to parts.
-Fixed an Assertion Error when refine is failed.
-Some more fixing & cleaning.
-Thanks to @HerculesWS

*This update focuses to bring HP/SP drain timers, unit invervals, some formula's, resistance, and other misc. stuff to official.
-This update along with the past few revisions brings a lot of this inaccurately coded stuff to official, as well as updated some once unknown values to official.

*Burnning status mechanic's updated to official.
-Now deals damage equal to 3 percent of your MaxHP plus a added 1000.
-Damage is dealed every 3 seconds.

*Added clif_parse_UseSkillToPos_homun function.
-This function allows a homunculus to be able to use ground targeted skills.
-A number of mutated homunculus skills requires this function to work.

=Skills:
*NC_ARMSCANNON
-Updated source code to work with the new target type.
-Now targets enemy's.

*SO_CLOUD_KILL
*SO_WARMER
-Fixed a issue where the AoE would not generate when casted.

*SO_ARRULLO
-Updated source code to work with the new target type.
-Now targets the ground.

*GC_WEAPONBLOCKING
-SP drain timer updated to every 5 seconds.

*GC_HALLUCINATIONWALK
-Now requires a percentage of your MaxHP to cast.
-HP percentage needed is affected by skill level.

*AB_PRAEFATIO
-The HP of the kyrie barrier generated through this skill is no longer affected by the learned level of Kyrie Eleison. It is now entirely affected by the used level of this skill.
-This is official and interesting as this skill can set a higher HP then regular kyrie can.

*WL_WHITEIMPRISON
-Removed a piece of code thats no longer needed.

*WL_RADIUS
-Fixed cast time formula reduction updated to official. The real official this time.
-Not that bullshit made up formula that was in that iRO document.

*WL_READING_SB
-SP drain timer updated to every 10 seconds.

*RA_WUGBITE
-Fixed a issue where RA_TOOTHOFWUG increased the duration twice as much as it should.
-Success chance updated to official. This also adds the resistance formula as well.

*NC_COLDSLOWER
-Status are now applied through a special check.
-It will first try to freeze any enemy that is hit.
-It will then try to give frost misty status to any enemy it fails to freeze.

*NC_STEALTHFIELD
-Now drains 1 percent of SP between every 3 to 5 seconds depending on the skill level used.

*LG_REFLECTDAMAGE
-SP drain timer updated to every 10 seconds.
-SP drain amount per drain updated.

*LG_INSPIRATION
-HP and SP drain timer updated to every 5 seconds.

*WM_SATURDAY_NIGHT_FEVER
-HP and SP drain timers updated to every 3 seconds.

*SO_DIAMONDDUST
-Status duration reduction formula added.

*SO_VACUUM_EXTREME
*GN_WALLOFTHORN
*GN_DEMONIC_FIRE
-Unit inverval updated to official.

*SO_VARETYR_SPEAR
-Small change to the code.

*MH_POISON_MIST
-Added full support for this skill.

---
## [omega-fantasy/of](https://github.com/omega-fantasy/of)@[741f491486...](https://github.com/omega-fantasy/of/commit/741f4914869e62393fe74f6b9a7ea9734ec6464c)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 17:49:58 by omega-fantasy

Tomorrow I'm gonna wake up and I'll be 50, and I'll still be doin' this shit. And that's all right. That's fine. I mean, you're sittin' on a winnin' lottery ticket. And you're too much of a pussy to cash it in, and that's bullshit. 'Cause I'd do fuckin' anything to have what you got. So would any of these fuckin' guys. It'd be an insult to us if you're still here in 20 years. Hangin' around here is a fuckin' waste of your time.

---
## [makingglitches/CensusScripts](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts)@[4dcdd75572...](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts/commit/4dcdd755726e31e7e2ab270228a94ff475492697)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 18:09:44 by Magical Marvelous MADMADMAD Mister Mim !

awful fucking jackasses
will return to this later on of course being impeded by wretched
disgusting assholes crowding around me annoyingly at points.

---
## [Ladysnake/Rats-Mischief](https://github.com/Ladysnake/Rats-Mischief)@[47caa0a939...](https://github.com/Ladysnake/Rats-Mischief/commit/47caa0a939c5107c5022937702f848ef08ede760)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 18:35:42 by doctor4t

Will BL is a bitch ass motherfucker

He added my rats to the list of succable entities for his vampires, so let's see how he handles explosive rats.

---
## [russmatney/clawe](https://github.com/russmatney/clawe)@[d0b1dba969...](https://github.com/russmatney/clawe/commit/d0b1dba9695e32d70e86378b505ee8d1cd1e2eab)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 19:25:08 by Russell Matney

feate: key bindings defined in clj

Hacks some stuff together to support defbinding being consumed by
defcom, and writing out awesome style bindings. For now, these bindings
spawn a clawe command that fires the attached function via defcom.

There's some oddities and probably some subtle bugs. Right now the
:binding/command needs to be arity 2 to match defcom.

It would probably be worth expanding the api to support writing
fennel/awesome directly as well.

Resetting these right now requires running cmd+r twice, then cmd+shift+r
- that's because we rebuild the clawe uberscript with the latest code,
then running again writes that latest in-memory binding data to the
clawe-bindings.fnl file, then an awesome restart updates keybindings
based on the (now updated) static config. This is clearly not ideal - it
might worth moving to a totally independent keybinding tool, as it's
annoying to reboot awesome just to update keybindings - the awesome
internal apis seem like they support removing bindings, but my
impression is that it must be the same awful.key that was created, - you
can't seem to be able to remove/upsert by keybinding (it just adds
multiple listeners to that same binding...)

---
## [ajvondrak/euclid](https://github.com/ajvondrak/euclid)@[436e3aa5cd...](https://github.com/ajvondrak/euclid/commit/436e3aa5cd21dfc13cff76ba1c042b369c66f519)
#### Sunday 2021-03-14 20:21:51 by Alex Vondrak

Invert zstyle storage

By using the input parameter in the context pattern instead of the style
name, we can leverage zstyle to organize certain settings into distinct
hierarchies. That way, we can easily blanket-apply settings (optics,
fragments) to everything within the same hierarchy.

For example, consider storing the logo icon as a euclid fragment.
Before, `euclid::fragment logo X` would have been doing

  zstyle :euclid:fragments logo X

Then looking up the logo with `euclid::fragment logo` would be like
saying

  zstyle -s :euclid:fragments logo reply

But for the more specialized logos, we'd have to separately set & fetch
logo:vicmd and logo:error by hand - the styles don't exist unless we set
them explicitly. This makes it a pain in the ass to update the logo
across all three (logo, logo:vicmd, logo:error) at once. It would be
nice to just say `euclid::fragments logo XX` and have it set all three.

So by inverting things, this change allows us to bake wildcards into the
context patterns. That way, we can just do a single

  zstyle ':euclid:logo*' fragment X

Then when we query for the fragment on ':euclid:logo:vicmd' or
':euclid:logo:error', the wildcard automatically acts as a catch-all,
*unless* we explicitly set more specific fragments.

So that way the user could either set all three logos at the same time
with

  zstyle ':euclid:logo*' fragment XX

or just a specific type of logo with

  zstyle :euclid:logo:vicmd fragment XXX

With the wildcards baked into the euclid::{optics,fragment} functions,
the user doesn't even have to be particularly aware that this is what's
happening under the hood. Magic. ✨

---

# [<](2021-03-13.md) 2021-03-14 [>](2021-03-15.md)

