# [<](2021-05-04.md) 2021-05-05 [>](2021-05-06.md)

3,060,964 events, 1,531,982 push events, 2,438,051 commit messages, 181,869,509 characters


## [communistkiro/rice](https://github.com/communistkiro/rice)@[b29b1dd30a...](https://github.com/communistkiro/rice/commit/b29b1dd30a46970e07fbc8849db3dc8b31221382)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 03:04:41 by communistkiro

nyaa, pup selector fixed, shows all 75 results per page now
elinks config better
fucking st scrollback again, scroll sucks ass
uhosts fixup
cah, multiline inputs

---
## [smogon/pokemon-showdown-client](https://github.com/smogon/pokemon-showdown-client)@[be9a95cbc6...](https://github.com/smogon/pokemon-showdown-client/commit/be9a95cbc683c04c6ead95d5643c7ea551607a56)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 04:52:10 by Guangcong Luo

Fix bugs caused by Preact update

The new Preact version seems to have broken a lot of low-level
magic we used. We plausibly shouldn't be using such low-level magic
in the first place, but that's a conversation for another day.

In particular:

1. `preact.render` seems to replace all of `containerNode`'s contents
   if `replaceNode` isn't passed (previously, it would append a child).
   This is an insane thing to change without any documentation... Maybe
   I'm misunderstanding it?

2. Making a button value an uncontrolled form was a pretty big hack
   in the first place, but at least it worked. Now that it doesn't,
   we're giving up and switching to controlled forms, which makes the
   code a lot nicer, fixes a bug, and I should probably have just done
   in the first place.

---
## [ExpositionJunkie/Hustle](https://github.com/ExpositionJunkie/Hustle)@[60bf71ae46...](https://github.com/ExpositionJunkie/Hustle/commit/60bf71ae465ad5a476930d2e0d2665fe9d0b9cf8)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 05:41:42 by Roz

holy shit it works and is so goddamn efficient I want to cry!

---
## [pk664/yelp-final-project](https://github.com/pk664/yelp-final-project)@[7011b927d4...](https://github.com/pk664/yelp-final-project/commit/7011b927d4820e22ef35dc8390adccc552a5bc0e)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 07:37:18 by pk664

created data frame and fixed sorted lists

sorted breakfast, lunch, and dinner lists  (separate from the breakfast list) so that we can get the specific outputs we want to put in the dataframe

---
## [genewang0929/JavaProject](https://github.com/genewang0929/JavaProject)@[9fc23c7c73...](https://github.com/genewang0929/JavaProject/commit/9fc23c7c7330962df962f06c5135ca5320fce7c1)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 07:47:51 by 28921085

Delete 22688900_1565093646918109_3201591044440014605_n.jpg

FUck you

---
## [codekane/stonk-rb](https://github.com/codekane/stonk-rb)@[a6e4a922a1...](https://github.com/codekane/stonk-rb/commit/a6e4a922a18b3fd4376d63edfa124ac677befe46)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 08:17:40 by codekane

Completed a really quick, really dirty, analyze and collect feature for the YF Endpoints. Their purpose was to collect the data from an endpoint to a json file, once every minute, for a day, and then to analyze this collected data, searching to see when the endpoint changes... At first, I didn't think the analysis function was working, however, upon closer inspection, it is. The endpoint changes minute-to-minute, providing different sets of data each time. What this means is that my whole architecture needs to change. Not wholly, but I can't simply parse the JSON response from the API, update it per minute, and send it on via API. No. I need to store Redis values for each and every possible response from the YF API, and then re-build it on my end. It's more work, and it's not undoable, clearly, but.... You know what they say about assumptions. Make an ass out of you, and an ass out of me, and for me, clearly, I am the ass, for trying to build a Front-End application around an API response from a (relatively) unknown entity with which I (mistakenly) believed had some consistency in what it was telling me. Well. Now I know, and, as to what to do about it? I'm going to give it some thought. I'm going to take a break. I'm going to Dream a little Dream, about exatly what to do next. As to the analyze and collect functions? I felt so dirty writing them. I've been trying to TDD, but had I done so here, it might've well been a total waste, because everything is going to have to change, and all it took was a little 'quick and dirty' (lol) coding to figure out the solution to my problem. So. There's there. It's not a total loss. It's just a sign that I wasn't totally off when I sat down to write specs for an outside API. I mean. It felt like a total waste of time while doing it, but, I'll be damned if it didn't turn out to have value.

---
## [moyni/hiring-without-whiteboards](https://github.com/moyni/hiring-without-whiteboards)@[b707dc3812...](https://github.com/moyni/hiring-without-whiteboards/commit/b707dc3812f50f2bf131449deca42b053209c80b)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 10:41:06 by bors[bot]

Merge #863

863: Add Cheerful r=poteto a=fernandobandeira

<!--
Thank you for contributing!

Pull requests that do not adhere to the format will be rejected. Please ensure
you complete the following checkboxes.

Please also:

- Add one company at a time.
- Insert in alphabetical order
- Do not sort other listings
-->

## Add/Update/Remove <CompanyName>

- [x] I have read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/poteto/hiring-without-whiteboards/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [x] I agree to the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/poteto/hiring-without-whiteboards/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
- [x] I have followed the [format](https://github.com/poteto/hiring-without-whiteboards/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#format) prescribed in the contributing guidelines
- [ ] (OPTIONAL) In your pull request message, add additional context on the interview process if necessary

<!--
Please give additional context about the interview process if necessary.
-->

We don't really care much about experiences, degrees, location or anything else, our team is formed by quick learners, early adopters, ppl that love trying out new tech and testing something new, the hiring process is targeted for this profile.


Co-authored-by: Fernando Henrique Bandeira <fernando.bandeira@outlook.com>
Co-authored-by: Lauren Tan <poteto@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Kokan/doxygen](https://github.com/Kokan/doxygen)@[9d2e70bf09...](https://github.com/Kokan/doxygen/commit/9d2e70bf090d33bd50809921757a87508503f500)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 10:52:34 by Kokan

Create FontClass enum replacing string representation

The font class (by class reader should think of html, css class as down
on the rabbithole it kinda represents that) currently represented as
some sort of string: char*, QCString, ...

The valid values are limited to a finite set:
* no value (currently nullptr)
* keyword, comment, stringliteral, ...

Likely a proper refactoring steps would be:
* to extract *no value* into a std::optional (or something that acts like that).
* add new type that checks in constructor if the *string* is in the
  pre-defined list (convertion could help not to blow up the codebase)
* replace the new type representation with a simple enum

Instead I got lazy and did the reverse order, except in reverse order
the 2nd step is void.
Also there is a decision regarding what to do with *no value* if
std::option is not to be used yet. Well *none* value is added to be
removed later (using nullptr for nothing concidered worse).

That's it for now. Keep up the good work of reading the commit mesages in the next commit.

ps: sorry for the big patch, but it would have been more pain to deal
    with it in smaller chunks.

Signed-off-by: Kokan <kokaipeter@gmail.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[da4f3f379d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/da4f3f379d34bfbed4dcc7b89006bd352537d2d9)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 10:54:52 by Marko Grdinić

"9:10am. I am up. Yesterday I started the interview by Ilya Sutskever, but was too tired to finish it. I'll do that now. I'll also spend some time in the geometric DL paper. After that I think I'll feel like getting some programming done.

I am still thinking what exactly is beyond poker.

Yeah, there are bigger and better games. And short-term trading would have some interesting challenge to it. But the true promise of AI is not training an agent on some game, but giving it the rewards and punishments personally and sculpting it to your liking over time.

Given how sparse the signals would be in that regime, most of the learning would have to be unsupervised.

So to master unsupervised learning I should be cultivating a net that can dream. Images, music and writing. I should integrate the senses into one.

9:20am. This is something that should be my main priority in the medium term. Right now though, it is just too expensive. If the price could come down by 100x, it might be viable.

9:25am. Long term, the ultimate goal is to create an agent that is capable of learning on its own and independent action. If an agent would be capable of that, I could teach it to self improve.

9:30am. Let me chill just a bit and then I will start with the interview. After that the paper. After that I'll see whether I can get some programming done.

It is just so dissapointing, all of this. To put in so much effort and only get this far. But I must keep going. Life is not about leisure, but about imposing your will on nature.

11:05am. I should have just read the paper instead of spending time on the interview. Let me do that then.

I won't watch any more of this stuff. Maybe after a few years, but I can't expect anything from these right now.

11:10am. I feel tired and it is too much. I like it when I can reason things out in regular programming. In ML I seem to constantly be swimming in a sea of ambiguity. It is just too much. Wanting to win in these circumstances is too much.

I need to dream more. I need to aim far beyond poker.

But like with those experiments yesterday, I can't take responsibility for winning or losing.

If I'd made money I'd be happy. If I lost it, I'd be sad. Money is important.

But it is like with stocks, I cannot take responsibility for them going up or down. Whether I make money or not is completely out of my hands.

I depend on the world, but I cannot control what it does.

11:10am. I could make the agent in a month and start making money, but strangely enough I cannot believe in that. The odds of it might be high, but maybe I've learned.

If I got a job, then the goal of making money would be realistic as I have a guarantee that I'd get paid.

But what guarantees do I have here?

Ultimately no matter what I do in ML, I will be gambling.

Isn't this the main factor why I thought it would be okay to make a language and study for a long time before making a move? I feel deeply troubled by the uncertainty and wanted at all costs to lower my risks.

If I wanted to make a game, I could make my plans and implement them in code. And I'd have a game.

But here, I do not have any guarantees whatsoever.

11:25am. The reason why I made Spiral is because deep down I fear ML, so I wanted to control as much as I could before starting the journey. I wanted to conquer challenges that could realistically be conquered.

11:30am. Forget the paper. Let me focus on this rant.

11:35am. I can't control whether other people like me or not. I can't control whether I will make money or not. I can't control too many factors in my life.

So the measure of my satisfaction should never depend on those uncontrolable factors. My happiness should not depend on whims of fate. I should never chase or compare myself to others.

11:35am. Yes, maybe in the future I will get a chance to cause the Singularity. Maybe I will get a chance to teach the agent to self improve. Maybe I will get much better hardware and will be able to cultivate the arts. The chance to lead my agents into battle, whether it be in poker, trading or higher games might come.

At some point I might have the chance to crack biology, cure all disease and resurrect those frozen human self-improver seeds.

I might be somebody great in the future. The god of the Transcendi.

But none of those things matter right now.

11:40am. I need to remember. Whether it be poker in the present, or all the past work that I've done, what really matters is the work. The work that I've put in and that I will put in.

That is the true measure of satisfaction. I cannot do more or less than this. The effort is the ultimate guarantee.

As the one controling my body and steering my mind, the only goal I can pursue is consistency. Who knows what might happen tomorrow? Who knows what kind of inspiration my subconscious will draw out?

Maybe the meticulously crafted scheme for how to optimize the RL agents that I came up with will not pan out. I am very sure that it won't fail, but it is not like my past best efforts have never failed.

11:50am. When it is time to work you work. And when it is time to relax you remind yourself that the work is worth doing.

I've completely lost sight of my goals. I've lost sight that the last six years have always been a struggle. I often seem to forget that.

When I play games, I play them because they are fun. Maybe ultimately the Singularity is just an excuse to push myself into the work worth doing.

12pm. It is pitiful that I do not have the Inspired Desire, otherwise I'd never have trouble being consistent. Right now what I should do is rest and internalize what really matters.

Forget poker. Forget AI. I can't deal with the risks.

What I can do is keep putting in the effort and stacking my advantages.

12:05pm. Just what are my failures and regrets, compared to the work that I've put in? Just what is the point of the ghosts haunting me?

I should believe whatever is necessary to achieve my goals.

How old am I now? I should know well enough, that there is a difference between the worth of a person, and the worth of a person to myself. Kids live in the world of morality. Adults live in the world of later.

The worth of myself to myself should be the cultivation that I am doing. But I should not judge the worth of others to myself based on how much effort they are putting in. If they want to beocme wastrels that is fine. I should not judge based on moral code. The worth of others to myself is how much benefits they bring to my own cultivation.

This is the true measure of value that I should internalize. Bad things happen when I venture away from it and start listening to my emotions.

To begin with, if I listened to my emotions I'd never have begun this journey at all.

12:10pm. This is an ideal spot to restructure my beliefs a bit. Reaffirm them.

I should not treat work as some unpleasant thing before I get to the fun stuff. When I get the Inspired Desire I won't drown myself in trivialities and empty pleasures. Instead it will give me the power to make the unpleasant and necessary into pleasant and necessary.

That what is necessary is unpleasant is just proof of my lack of fitness.

But I can reflect on this and make an effort to exceed my human frailties.

In the future this fatigue and this issue of tedium will stop being an issue.

12:20pm. I need to remind myself. Forget money, and forget power. Commanding powerful agents is not the power I can control. The real power is the effort that I've put in. And that is the truth. That is what really matters.

12:25pm. Is the last six years of programming effort nothing? Is my life nothing but an endless fall downwards? Are the skills I've attained nothing? Is pushing my mind to its limits every day meaningless? Is it all meaningless just because I haven't made a cent? And because I still haven't created that agent? And because I do not understand the secrets of intelligence?

If I suffer, that cannot be because of the world itself. If I suffer, that must surely be because my values are conflicting. I put in the effort, but deep down I believe that effort is the sin and laziness is a virtue. I keep working, but I harbor dreams of being a wastrel.

12:35pm. I should do programming because programming is worth doing. Not because I need to implement the individual pieces to make that agent to make money to make bigger agents etc.

Who knows how long all of that will take. I feel tired just thinking about it already.

So the first goal is to derive satisfaction from what I do day to day. When I get into it, programming is not so bad.

12:50pm. Let me get breakfast. Then I will read 30 chapters of Reverend Insanity. I want to see Fang Yuan become a venerable. Then I will see whether I can convince myself to start. I should not force myself.

I should make it so that I do not want to do anything other in life than program. My desire should come from my belief.

Maybe I should like in the past take a nap during the workday and confine myself away from distractions."

---
## [Helixis/Paradise](https://github.com/Helixis/Paradise)@[69f1816b15...](https://github.com/Helixis/Paradise/commit/69f1816b15e3a15b2cc812d4fa0b96df7cd7b2f9)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 11:08:53 by AsrielFBI

La Gran Ingeniería Update (Terminada) (#851)

* La gran ingeniería update

:)

* How did I forget about this?

bruh

* last stand

g

* La Dana Stop Crying Update

:)

* Le Saga Crying update

.

* Le saga still crying update

* Spircen, go fuck yourself

.

* Algo me dice que spircen lo va a volver a hacer. Bruh

* last commit... maybe...

* Le Spircen is a gud boi update

.

---
## [migberbay/OpenGl-shitty-project](https://github.com/migberbay/OpenGl-shitty-project)@[cd1607cbc8...](https://github.com/migberbay/OpenGl-shitty-project/commit/cd1607cbc810486946883dd0b6a2a3d80cb3e114)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 12:08:33 by C++ hater

this shit sucks, its inpossible to make it work, my teacher is a fucking retard and forces c++ upon us. nobody likes it, everybody hates it, I wanna die.

---
## [meilisearch/milli](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli)@[7e63e32960...](https://github.com/meilisearch/milli/commit/7e63e32960a34b1bc7ec3b5714eac09ee4a5b228)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 14:45:09 by bors[bot]

Merge #187

187: Fix fields distribution after documents merge r=Kerollmops a=shekhirin

Resolves https://github.com/meilisearch/milli/issues/174

The problem was with calculation of fields distribution before the merge in `output_from_sorter()`. So if you'd import two documents with the same primary key value, fields distribution will count it as two documents, while `output_from_sorter()` will merge these documents into one.

---

```console
➜ Downloads cat short_movies.json
[
{"id":"47474","title":"The Serpent's Egg","poster":"https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w500/n7z0doFkXHcvo8QQWHLFnkEPXRU.jpg","overview":"The Serpent's Egg follows a week in the life of Abel Rosenberg, an out-of-work American circus acrobat living in poverty-stricken Berlin following Germany's defeat in World War I.","release_date":246844800,"genres":["Thriller","Drama","Mystery"]},
{"id":"47474","title":"The Serpent's Egg","poster":"https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w500/n7z0doFkXHcvo8QQWHLFnkEPXRU.jpg","overview":"The Serpent's Egg follows a week in the life of Abel Rosenberg, an out-of-work American circus acrobat living in poverty-stricken Berlin following Germany's defeat in World War I.","release_date":246844800,"genres":["Thriller","Drama","Mystery"]}
]
➜ Downloads curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: text/json" --data-binary @short_movies.json 127.0.0.1:7700/indexes/movies/documents
{"updateId":0}
```

## Before
```console
➜ Downloads curl -s 127.0.0.1:7700/indexes/movies/stats | jq
{
  "numberOfDocuments": 1,
  "isIndexing": false,
  "fieldsDistribution": {
    "release_date": 2,
    "poster": 2,
    "title": 2,
    "overview": 2,
    "genres": 2,
    "id": 2
  }
}
```

## After
```console
➜ Downloads curl -s 127.0.0.1:7700/indexes/movies/stats | jq
{
  "numberOfDocuments": 1,
  "isIndexing": false,
  "fieldsDistribution": {
    "poster": 1,
    "release_date": 1,
    "title": 1,
    "genres": 1,
    "id": 1,
    "overview": 1
  }
}
```

Co-authored-by: Alexey Shekhirin <a.shekhirin@gmail.com>

---
## [AbenezerMamo/100](https://github.com/AbenezerMamo/100)@[4b2772a04f...](https://github.com/AbenezerMamo/100/commit/4b2772a04fc70a85175d0bb07eda228c69055c93)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 14:55:44 by Abenezer Mamo

05/05/2021

If I don't show up and miss a day, it's likely because there's something so compelling, dire, & proved to be the strategically dominant strategy. Otherwise, I'm trying to be comfortable with how good this can really be b/c I'm also celebrating a 10 year long sprint in this career so you're seeing the fruitition of my hard work, patience, & faith at the same time as I am. Damn, I had no idea things could connect like this and how quickly the problems I thought would still be relevant tomrorow ended up not being so. Anyway, just wanted to explain why it seems like I'm so emotional & sentimental about this. I waited a very long time to see this version of myself that I have always dreamed of being, becoming, and growing into. Now I can enjoy my own solitude b/c I'm an eng right now and it's been a while since I have been able to sit for 12-20 hours a day working away on a keyboard alone. Different roles require diffferent lifestyle, habits, & routines to maximize the yield. Beyond that, not much has changed. Trying to enjoy the last bit of childhood I have left to make-up before I get too old for that. It's okay, you will always have your life together better than I will. Don't be afraid of the mess though. If you thought it would be linear growth, HA! Higher highs and higher lows.

All my functions getting initiated; it's got me scared.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[c906c44393...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/c906c443931f07931f3a086d479dce1f55795f91)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 14:57:32 by LemonInTheDark

Fixes a fuck ton more harddels (#58779)

Redoes how geese handle eating shit, it was fucking stupid and caused harddels, and while this method is technically slower in the best case, it's a fucking goose
Fixes action related harddels, I hate how they work but at least this way they won't hold refs.
Fixes the hierophont causing its beacon to harddel
Removes the M variable from megafauna actions, it was used like a typed owner and caused harddels, so I burned it
Fixes target and targets_from harddels, replaces all setters of target with LoseTarget and GiveTarget, which should help maintain behavior. I'm not sure if this breaks anything, but if it does we should fix the assumptions that code makes instead of reverting this change
Fixes more area_senstive_contents related harddels, we need to allow the mob to move before clearing out its list.
Fixes marked object harddels (I'm coming for you admin team)
Fixes a language based human harddel
Fixes managed overlay related harddels (This was just emissive blockers, but I think this is a good safety net to have. If we clear the overlay list we should clear this one as well)
Fixes bot core harddels, I hate the fact that this exists but it has no reason to know who its owner is
Adds a walk(src, 0) to simple_animal destroy, it's the best bang for the buck in terms of stopping spurious harddels. Walk related harddels aren't that expensive in the first place, since byond does the same thing I'm doing here, but this makes finding mob harddels easier, so let's go with it
I fixed another source of part harddels, I hate fullupgrade so much
Fixes all the sound loop harddels

---
## [JosephThien2000/hello-world.1.1.1](https://github.com/JosephThien2000/hello-world.1.1.1)@[40ec6ef845...](https://github.com/JosephThien2000/hello-world.1.1.1/commit/40ec6ef8452841f6bce59fa88a3743e77d62f8b7)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 15:51:06 by JosephThien2000

Update README.md

And My girlfriend is Kytie Le. She's so beautiful and intelligent. I hope that I will marry her in the future.

---
## [newstools/2021-the-daily-sun](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-daily-sun)@[68b9d01e2f...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-daily-sun/commit/68b9d01e2f629e3295c11c6baef3f47ec6e31e82)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 16:10:20 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.dailysun.co.za/Celebs/popular-dj-i-cheated-i-humiliated-my-girlfriend-publicly-20210505]

---
## [LumberKing/Tianxia](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia)@[225a773b2b...](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia/commit/225a773b2b1aef53e35f9d7f8c77b481a10f1d13)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 17:07:35 by Silversweeper

Finishing up top lieges, bugfixing, minor tweaks.

- Minor adjustments to some Sundanese characters and the title history of Sunda and Galuh.
- Taoism now has female_temple_holders = yes
- Taoist rulers can now order relatives to take monastic vows.
- Added k_sukhothai.
- Improved history in mainland SEAsia somewhat.
- Added missing top lieges in SEAsia.
- Updated Indonesian religion conversion to include Qarmatian as an option.
- Characters will no longer try to Sway their spouse or their heir's spouse by doing things that'll make the parentage of their children questionable, seeing as that is rather majorly bad (i.e. fixed vanilla stupidity).
- Unlanded Gim Daeseung again; it's best for Hyegong to have his capital.
- Set up history in Mongolia. Definitely needs to be verified down the line, but at least there's a decent top liege holding stuff...
- Set up history in Manchuria. The parts under Jin in 1066 should have proper top lieges and/or reasonable vassals (towards the end), other parts need checking in the future.
- The Khitan and Jurchen can now call allies into their special wars to take (parts of) China, and so can their foes.
- It is now possible to ask to join the Khitan and Jurchen in their special wars to take (parts of) China, as well as their foes.
- Added a titular empire title for Da Chu/Qi, a special tributary type, a decision to integrate them, a CB to let them refuse, a decision for them to defect to Song, and a few related events.
- Set up the relevant wars between (Jurchen) Jin and Song.
- Dealt with some TODOs.
- Fully implemented the 1127.4.20 bookmark.
- Seduction attempts during Private Conversations now requires that you are not Celibate, and the AI won't attempt them if Chaste unless the target is a spouse or consort (i.e. fixed vanilla stupidity).
- Successful seduction during Private Conversations might make you lose Chaste/become Lustful (i.e. fixed vanilla stupidity).
- Being seduced during a Private Conversation now removes Celibate and might make you lose Chaste/become Lustful (i.e. fixed vanilla stupidity).
- Fixed some issues regarding gender equality.
- Set up history for (Jurchen) Jin.
- Set up proper(ish) top lieges everywhere. To be revised as necessary.
- Fixed Fang La's rebellion accidentally having a complete victory for Fang La if Song won.
- Added Yuan (Gao Yongchang's very doomed state) and relevant wars.
- Fixed several more issues with Fang La's rebellion, such as him somehow not being the warleader.
- Fixed some issues with the war to destroy Liao('s tributary).
- Added event troops for (Jurchen) Jin when relevant.
- Updated Chinese empire naming logic to account for a few more historical dynasties.
- Other minor bugfixes.

---
## [jroinc/TerraGov-Marine-Corps](https://github.com/jroinc/TerraGov-Marine-Corps)@[463fb73be1...](https://github.com/jroinc/TerraGov-Marine-Corps/commit/463fb73be19c94839c82b746d6ba80fda3ae5d9f)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 17:57:51 by jroinc

Various chem changes

Oxycodone buffed somewhat. On initial injection, restore 20 stamina. Gradual staminaloss removed, replaced with slight toxicity (0.2/tick). When it runs out, add 3 ticks (0.3 seconds) of stun, to mitigate microdose injector memes. Still doable, you just can't stay up with a wielded gun while doing so.

Synaptizine buffed somewhat. On initial injection, restores 30 stamina. Duration of positive effects doubled, toxin damage and metabolism rate halved, for an overall 200% increase in duration of positive effects. When it runs out, add 10 ticks (1 second) of stun, to mitigate microdose injector memes. Also still doable, you just still can't stay up with a wielded gun while doing it.

Russian Red. OH BOY.
Russian Red buffed significantly, to fill the T1 emergency healchem role better, and maybe be actually usable.
Now restores 50 stamina on mob_add. Still heals 50 brute and burn and 25 toxin over 10 ticks. Cloneloss dropped from 20 per 10u to 5 per 10u.
Upon mob delete, warns you, waits 10 seconds, then deals a 100 tick stun (10 seconds). Shaking can get you up normally, and some other anti-stun chems can help.
!!ADD TIMER FOR STUN once you find out how timers work properly instead of shitcoding one!!

Peridaxon plus nerfed slightly. 10 staminaloss/tick added, for a total of 100 stamina gone per injection. It was too good. Still is really good, but not an on-the-go med anymore, gotta slow down for 12-15 seconds.

Regular Quick Clot buffed slightly. 0.2 bloodheal/tick added. Unit for unit, it's as good as iron, but takes 4 times as long. One pill will restore ~20% of your blood, but will take about 7 minutes. But hey, no side effects and a straight buff.

Nanoblood added. 5u dose is standard. One dose will heal 60 bloodloss (~10%) over 25 ticks, but will do 1 toxin and 6 stamina damage/tick (total of 25 toxin and 150 stamina).
This is the T2 blood restoration chem, and should not be used in combat. Overdose and crit OD do increasing amounts of toxin damage.

---
## [pmmp/NBT](https://github.com/pmmp/NBT)@[34bc0cb2f0...](https://github.com/pmmp/NBT/commit/34bc0cb2f0cc9553ca1a34c5d9d008f914959dd8)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 18:41:23 by Dylan K. Taylor

Revert "CompoundTag::getByte() and friends now return null for missing tags"

This reverts commit 16afd20c6f9e1e32ef76ea2f282f2493c32987db.

In practice, this is a major pain in the ass, because the majority case
is the assumption that a tag will always be present. In such cases, you
usually want to bail out anyway if there's something wrong, so the
original behaviour makes more sense.

It's possible we could make two sets of methods, e.g. getByte() vs
mustGetByte(), one which must be given a default, and the other which
doesn't. However, we got this far without such a mess, so there's not
really much of a reason to start now.

---
## [TheOneAndMightyRed/TerraGov-Marine-Corps](https://github.com/TheOneAndMightyRed/TerraGov-Marine-Corps)@[d6c931864b...](https://github.com/TheOneAndMightyRed/TerraGov-Marine-Corps/commit/d6c931864b86259603c8c93a059599cc015f3de7)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 19:49:02 by TheOneAndMightyRed

i prayeth to the gitgods, please for the loveth of god, unfuck my lv fuckery i didn't cause >13000 lines of bullshit on my pr ples

---
## [ShipEngine/connect](https://github.com/ShipEngine/connect)@[740b0fd344...](https://github.com/ShipEngine/connect/commit/740b0fd3445b948c13763f4b0d8254e1424cc43b)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 19:56:34 by Justin

Update How Shipping Options & Confirmation Types are defined (#113)

* Update How Shipping Options & Confirmation Types are defined

One of the major issues I have seen contractors have is they don't understand that confirmation types doesn't work like a grab bag, it is basically just overwriting a known confirmation type and you can only have 1 to 1. This was also frustrating for the magic strings present in Shipping Options, now there is an enum they can use and it also works like a dictionary on the definition side.

* So Damn Pretty it hurts

I always forget to format it.

* increment major version for carrier-api

* increment major version for shipping-runtime

* increment major version for connect

* 🤖 major release 📦(s): carrier-api, shipping-runtime, connect

* Don't bump connect cli or shipping runtime

Neither of these would be effected by these changes, and should continue using the older version since we intend on sun setting them.

* Update yarn lock file

* update yarn

Co-authored-by: github-actions <github-actions@github.com>

---
## [henricaodopao/kernel_asus_sdm660](https://github.com/henricaodopao/kernel_asus_sdm660)@[6018676d51...](https://github.com/henricaodopao/kernel_asus_sdm660/commit/6018676d518b45ebac6e1aa377fc772a276abed9)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 20:08:50 by Peter Zijlstra

locking/rwsem: Fix down_write_killable()

The new signal_pending exit path in __rwsem_down_write_failed_common()
was fingered as breaking his kernel by Tetsuo Handa.

Upon inspection it was found that there are two things wrong with it;

 - it forgets to remove WAITING_BIAS if it leaves the list empty, or
 - it forgets to wake further waiters that were blocked on the now
   removed waiter.

Especially the first issue causes new lock attempts to block and stall
indefinitely, as the code assumes that pending waiters mean there is
an owner that will wake when it releases the lock.

Reported-by: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Tested-by: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Tested-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Alexander Shishkin <alexander.shishkin@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo <acme@redhat.com>
Cc: Chris Zankel <chris@zankel.net>
Cc: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Cc: Davidlohr Bueso <dave@stgolabs.net>
Cc: H. Peter Anvin <hpa@zytor.com>
Cc: Jiri Olsa <jolsa@redhat.com>
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Max Filippov <jcmvbkbc@gmail.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Stephane Eranian <eranian@google.com>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Tony Luck <tony.luck@intel.com>
Cc: Vince Weaver <vincent.weaver@maine.edu>
Cc: Waiman Long <Waiman.Long@hpe.com>
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20160512115745.GP3192@twins.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Ratoriku <a1063021545@gmail.com>

---
## [Fartlicker777/Trivia-Murder-Party](https://github.com/Fartlicker777/Trivia-Murder-Party)@[60514169d4...](https://github.com/Fartlicker777/Trivia-Murder-Party/commit/60514169d4fef08e7b054a5e4e4b31ade0d9510d)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 20:11:40 by Fartlicker777

Various changes

All:
• Bundled manual (excluding Arena and Skewers. Skewers isn't on the repo, so it's not bundled just yet.)
• Added gamepad support (excluding Dumb Waiters, which alread has it.)

Mental Math:
• Tweaked the autosolver so that it doesn't just wait at the end. It'll solve one question once it's past it's threshold each time it is selected by TP.
• The SVG in the manual is no longer awful.

The Arena:
• This will receive a major overhaul eventually, but no update now.

Dictation:
• Nothing else.

Jailbreak:
• Worsened the wordlist. Sidenote, the offer still stands on anyone giving me a better 4-letter word list/improving the word list. Also fuck you Nut the autosolver works perfectly fine.

Dumb Waiters:
• Nothing else.

Chalices:
• Nothing else, but the chart now has the texts centered.

Pixel Art:
• Made highlights much better.

Rules:
• Made the font when activated monospaced.
• Made the autosolver identical to Mental Math's new one.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9825761c69...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9825761c6974dd991d7b2541e006ac0c24dc26b1)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 20:27:44 by Marko Grdinić

"9:25pm.

///

In my youth I knew the hardships of the world,

Yet I still aspired to soar above the clouds.

A journey of cold winds and uncertainty, A lone traveler experiences a life of ups and downs.

A heart of steel forged from countless setbacks, A lifetime of effort to forge one sword.

Today my sword aims beyond the clouds,

Refine Gu! Refine Human! Refine Heaven!!

///

10:10pm. I'll pause RI here at chapter 2218. Only ~100 chapters are left translated and 200 left to go until I am done. Let me go to bed early for once here. Tomorrow, I will spend the entirety of the bed in bed.

This blockade feels much like the time I did the COOL compiler project in 2015. When it was time to do the codegen phase, I was so surpressed with the complexity of the task that I struggled for a week before starting.

I really do fear deep learning a lot.

The dark thoughts that kept bursting from my subconscous yesterday come from this wound. I am surprised myself at the depth of my trepidation. This puts my desperate behavior to gather inspiration in 2018 in a whole new light.

I don't think I feared it this much in 2018, but my failures during that period only intensified.

I need to overcome this. If I can break through, the wall of terror keeping me at bay right now will turn into fuel that will propel me forward."

---
## [microsoft/terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)@[5af0255cf1...](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/commit/5af0255cf11de18c3299b874e423988538beff0a)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 20:53:36 by Mike Griese

Revert "holy fuck this fixes it in the most ridiculous way possible"

This reverts commit 4475bdf86f7150dfa833410c80ae6994d0a474a9.

I want to leave MouseButtonState declared in ControlCore

---
## [torvalds/linux](https://github.com/torvalds/linux)@[7716506ada...](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/7716506adac4664793a9d6d3dfa31ffddfa98714)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 21:00:25 by Matthew Wilcox (Oracle)

mm: introduce and use mapping_empty()

Patch series "Remove nrexceptional tracking", v2.

We actually use nrexceptional for very little these days.  It's a minor
pain to keep in sync with nrpages, but the pain becomes much bigger with
the THP patches because we don't know how many indices a shadow entry
occupies.  It's easier to just remove it than keep it accurate.

Also, we save 8 bytes per inode which is nothing to sneeze at; on my
laptop, it would improve shmem_inode_cache from 22 to 23 objects per
16kB, and inode_cache from 26 to 27 objects.  Combined, that saves
a megabyte of memory from a combined usage of 25MB for both caches.
Unfortunately, ext4 doesn't cross a magic boundary, so it doesn't save
any memory for ext4.

This patch (of 4):

Instead of checking the two counters (nrpages and nrexceptional), we can
just check whether i_pages is empty.

Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20201026151849.24232-1-willy@infradead.org
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20201026151849.24232-2-willy@infradead.org
Signed-off-by: Matthew Wilcox (Oracle) <willy@infradead.org>
Tested-by: Vishal Verma <vishal.l.verma@intel.com>
Acked-by: Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [Arisotura/melonDS](https://github.com/Arisotura/melonDS)@[d3c298bbe4...](https://github.com/Arisotura/melonDS/commit/d3c298bbe4dde6d97485ad32f6d454d0ca4ab11f)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 22:34:07 by Arisotura

ASSFUCKING STUPID SHITPILE.

fixes #1044

(also add separator for cleaner menu)

---
## [Arisotura/melonDS](https://github.com/Arisotura/melonDS)@[6f91bcc39f...](https://github.com/Arisotura/melonDS/commit/6f91bcc39fdccecda83831978b23a413ea6809d1)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 22:40:28 by Arisotura

use shitfucking stupid linebreaks so that our text files don't like stupid compact blobs in Notepad

(really, fuck Notepad)

---
## [newstools/2021-the-citizen](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-citizen)@[b07eeb3a6c...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-citizen/commit/b07eeb3a6c2a7db948e84115fbbc0a9d0b00e376)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 23:33:41 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [citizen.co.za/lifestyle/2484677/im-teaching-myself-to-accept-love-life-with-kelly-khumalo-season-2/]

---
## [streamlit/streamlit](https://github.com/streamlit/streamlit)@[da5a0baf77...](https://github.com/streamlit/streamlit/commit/da5a0baf77271f50efc001579420aa2a8efac4f2)
#### Wednesday 2021-05-05 23:43:22 by Vincent Donato

Revive the docker image used to take cypress snapshots (#3197)

This should make it possible to generate and update snapshots without relying
on CI in some way (either by deleting snapshots to have CI regenerate them or
having CI generate diffs to be processed by the cropping script)

After this PR goes in, I'll spend some time reworking our wiki pages to include
instructions on how to use this image as well as an overview of all of the
available options for updating snapshots.

Unfortunately, this isn't a perfect cure for our snapshot woes for a few
reasons.

* it takes *forever* to build image, mostly due to the length of time it
  takes to install Python dependencies. As far as I can tell, this is
  naturally quite slow, and there's not much we can do about it.
* for whatever reason I'm having trouble getting component-template
  tests to work, but this is just a minor annoyance for now as those
  don't change much. This does mean that you can't run all e2e tests
  easily since they'll fail midway through due to these tests blowing
  up, but doing this takes so long that it seems unlikely that it'll be
  done often anyway.

---

# [<](2021-05-04.md) 2021-05-05 [>](2021-05-06.md)

