# [<](2021-12-01.md) 2021-12-02 [>](2021-12-03.md)

3,458,190 events, 1,882,910 push events, 2,815,019 commit messages, 207,569,111 characters


## [qspeakorg/qspeakorg.org](https://github.com/qspeakorg/qspeakorg.org)@[2c9a0a4e42...](https://github.com/qspeakorg/qspeakorg.org/commit/2c9a0a4e42db57cac37af555f9ce722b31bbd94c)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 01:59:14 by Angela He

Update booklist.json

 {
        "reviewer": "Gem Arthur",
        "title": "Annie on my mind",
        "author": "Nancy Garden",
        "finishDate": "11/1/2021",
        "stars":4 ,
        "rating": "13+",
        "triggers": "Homophobia",
        "review": "Being a lesbian is simultaneously the easiest and hardest part of my life. It's natural, it's beautiful, it's something I'll always be proud of, but so much of the world still hates that part of me and wants me to hate it too, and this book captured that feeling so perfectly-- that feeling of knowing that who you are is okay, that the love you feel is not ugly or immoral or abnormal; it's beautiful and it should be treated as such. This book teaches girls like me that you should never be ashamed of who you are, and no matter how hard a person might try to make you feel unworthy of love and respect, you can't let that influence what you already know to be true. People may hate you or look down upon you, but you cannot let that change the love you feel for yourself, no matter how hard blocking them out may be. This book teaches young gay readers to love themselves in spite of the hatred we face and I am so happy to have read it. I've never read a book that put my thoughts into words so clearly and lightly, and I hope that everyone takes the time to read this book, regardless of their gender or sexuality. It made me feel warm, and happy, and validated--and it reminded me that I am worthy of respect and love and contentment."
    },

---
## [LosephCawtonJurtis/Captopkeystone](https://github.com/LosephCawtonJurtis/Captopkeystone)@[39a4773c69...](https://github.com/LosephCawtonJurtis/Captopkeystone/commit/39a4773c6977c01985e33150d4e89feab8884b25)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 02:02:50 by LosephCawtonJurtis

Project02.02

I want to make clear, this isn't a Hardware description language. It's analogous to a hardware description language. A real HDL would functionality supporting logic things like loops or some sort of statement, all this possesses is the ability to declare items and this may look fucking ugly and like a crime against god but this is the best this language can do. Just Hardcode after Hardcode after Hardcode. It is not my fault, do not judge me based off of this just be amazed that it works.

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[fab444ffe2...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/fab444ffe2887cb2838f974a41c392ed48d2ae6e)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 02:07:01 by Seris02

[modular] big borg code improvements and fixes (#9701)

* big borg code improvements and fixes

* I missed a modular comment

* fuck you linters

* yis

* converts skyrat versions to better

* annnnnd that should fix it

---
## [niraami/dotfiles](https://github.com/niraami/dotfiles)@[31386ee878...](https://github.com/niraami/dotfiles/commit/31386ee8781fdc930f303fbface1e851df5448fe)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 02:09:45 by niraami

fix: sysmenu compatibility /w rofi 1.7

Long overdue fix, didn't feel like it, rofis documentation is more
scattered than my thoughts at 4am, and I didn't even remember how the
menu looked before anymore.

Satisfied with the result, but found some other sick designs I might try
in the future

---
## [Fauxtarantula/Seamen-autonomous-underwater-team](https://github.com/Fauxtarantula/Seamen-autonomous-underwater-team)@[280754247f...](https://github.com/Fauxtarantula/Seamen-autonomous-underwater-team/commit/280754247f6349c2d2fe46a8447f2620821f0998)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 03:28:20 by Muhammad Rakin

Painful, complicated and an annoyance. 

GET MINDFUCKED

---
## [ninito-ph/Sketch-Fleets](https://github.com/ninito-ph/Sketch-Fleets)@[32bfabc437...](https://github.com/ninito-ph/Sketch-Fleets/commit/32bfabc437c5628ff8a116331c9d234e1a992b7f)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 03:54:48 by Paulo

Merge pull request #140 from ninito-ph/feature/more-balancing-fuck-you

Purple planet is now harder than the red planet

---
## [CypherCore/CypherCore](https://github.com/CypherCore/CypherCore)@[0f030d61cf...](https://github.com/CypherCore/CypherCore/commit/0f030d61cfd2f97a82cf378e8ebdfbed0350852b)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 04:08:29 by hondacrx

Core/Commands: Fix .cheat god command letting you die

Port From (https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore/commit/519e3c9ab718ce50dbaf66a50d15f5ead2dc9885)

---
## [figure-fantasy-hack/Gift-Code](https://github.com/figure-fantasy-hack/Gift-Code)@[4565d54298...](https://github.com/figure-fantasy-hack/Gift-Code/commit/4565d542980507488f67c79852ea5cac3a4319e1)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 07:42:47 by Figure Fantasy Hack mod Gift Code Diamonds (Working)

Update README.md

Figure Fantasy Hack mod Gift Code Diamonds (Working)

https://getmodbash.com/figure-fantasy/

Figure Fantasy is a 3D figurine-themed idle mobile game by Komoe Technology limited. If you are looking for Figure Fantasy Codes that you can redeem for some free in-game rewards/gifts, this is the list you are looking for.
Hello gamers! In front of you is best Figure Fantasy Cheat generator that you can find online right now! Finally we can proudly present you this awesome generator tool which can help you to get many Free Diamonds. I know this sounds ridicilous but after so many hours of developing working tool finally we are able to enjoy in this cheat for Figure Fantasy Press button bellow and you will be redirected to cheat page. Follow steps on generator page or read whole blog post bellow to find out how to hack Figure Fantasy and get Diamonds!
If you are still reading then you want to get some quick info on how to use this hack so I will try to describe your process in few words. It’s never been easier to get some Diamonds. This process is so simple even five year child can complete whole steps in few minutes and now I will let you know how to do it. Your first step is already done. You are finally on best site for Figure Fantasy Hack and now you can simply relax and enjoy because it is really hard to find working hack tools nowdays!
As you know this new Figure Fantasy Hack Cheat is ready to be used on your device and if you decide to benefit from this one you’ll have all the advantages added. You will notice in an instant that you’ll like it so please continue reading the next few lines to find out more. First things first, you’ll have an insight into the features of this game then you’ll get to find out everything there is to know regarding the game.Figure Fantasy is Android App that available on our Store. You could download all versions, including latest version . Figure Fantasy or com.komoe.fsgp is app that has more than 100,000+ installs. If You going to install Figure Fantasy on your device, it should have 14M space available, also your android device need to have 4.4 and up and up Android OS version or higher. Figure Fantasy was created by developer in genre of Role Playing. Android Top is Providing all versions of Figure Fantasy and you can download it directly to your phone or any android device For That you should scroll your screen below, where you could see many links to download app.

---
## [slotThe/AOC-2021](https://github.com/slotThe/AOC-2021)@[471984fe75...](https://github.com/slotThe/AOC-2021/commit/471984fe75b88f124237c3803fdbe0630ce1a7f0)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 08:07:30 by slotThe

Day4

Is using a parser combinator library *and* combination parsers overkill
for an AoC problem?  Well, yes, yes it is.  But that didn't stop me, now
did it? :) I thought it was kind of a fun exercise to do parsing and
input validation "in one go".  The code is not completely unreadable,
though I suppose doing this in two steps (though perhaps still only
exposing the final result to the user) is still nicer in general.

I have to say I thought it was pretty obvious that we would have to
do *something else* with the input for the second question (i.e. not
just "is this okay?") but, alas, that wasn't the caes.  The record might
then seem even more overkill than the use of a parser library for
something that's always just a simple Boolean answer.  One could argue
that it's more fun this way, so I'm going with that :)

Also yes, it's full of hacks; but that's the advent of code Christmas
spirit!

---
## [quizcanners/Playtime-Painter-Examples](https://github.com/quizcanners/Playtime-Painter-Examples)@[474f7da848...](https://github.com/quizcanners/Playtime-Painter-Examples/commit/474f7da8482fd7f59b830c6e3a0f4101cc35e910)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 09:21:06 by quizcanners

more

Resharper

Separate Examples

fixed

lc

Shader dependencies

Organizing

Shadow Data

Moved Noise Texture MGMT

moved some shaders

Directory Name fixes

Update Painter_Data_Demo_MoveToResources.asset

cfg2

picker

scene

fixes

shader fix

things

fixes

* god mode

Blurred Screen

SDF from Alpha

cleanup

pix art

small change

asdsad

void Inspect

ывыв

Namespace Fixes

God Mode

Refucktoring

asd

Editor

light caster

IsEntered

Bumped

Shaders

Bevel Shader stuff

more stuff

things

Inspector rework No change MGMT

isFoldout

Update TutorialScene.unity

Perf tex fix

PP_

Old Light Casters removed

Using Refactory

Inspector changed

* OVerride

Lerp

PEGI_Override

Versioning

Moved to painter

Good stuff

Grand Renaming

saving loading

even more stuffs

moved some folders

data

Buildable

compile_local

Some materials

* meta

stuff

Moved Out Procedural UI

stuff

K words

asd

ex

asd

asd

qwe

ChangesToken

TextToken

TextToken

asd

asd

---
## [AFLplusplus/LibAFL](https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL)@[adb5bb6a75...](https://github.com/AFLplusplus/LibAFL/commit/adb5bb6a7592dfcb419556d2644a7f6e38714598)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 09:27:33 by Andrea Fioraldi

ignore rm -rf errors in make short_test (fuck you macos)

---
## [Exact3Musketiers/Tiege](https://github.com/Exact3Musketiers/Tiege)@[cb8602f2b0...](https://github.com/Exact3Musketiers/Tiege/commit/cb8602f2b057433dfa5803a3e67a2dd9ec3f197c)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 13:58:48 by Wim

Develop > main (#14)

* Hamburger menu + mobile fix
added some more animation shit
Fixed comparing lastfm
renamed ScraperService.php > LyricsScraperService.php
changed some css

* Fixed issue if both users have 0 scrobbles

* Readded name to widget

* Added way to remember navbar state on mobile and desktop seperately

* quick fix

* Fixed no valid username + empty username in friendsfeed

* Fixed lastfm double artist + albums and tracks next to each other

Co-authored-by: Piet <pkorfmaker@gmail.com>

---
## [DavidNyan10/ItsLapisBot_v2](https://github.com/DavidNyan10/ItsLapisBot_v2)@[4f270bf6d0...](https://github.com/DavidNyan10/ItsLapisBot_v2/commit/4f270bf6d0cacc46ebf9eb976c8e11f9fa653dcc)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 14:47:06 by DavidNyan10

FI-FUCKING-NALLY I FUCKING FIXED THE FUCKING BUG FUCK YEAH! AND GUESS WHAT? IT WAS BECAUSE OF THAT STUPID FUCKING ;. I FUCKING FORGOT A ; DONT YOU HATE ;? FUCK YOU ;. FUCK EVERYONE ;. FUCK YEAH. now time to just figure out whats wrong with the for loop. the export/import is all fine now.

---
## [qtran/ipcsocket](https://github.com/qtran/ipcsocket)@[fcd498cbd4...](https://github.com/qtran/ipcsocket/commit/fcd498cbd41027690b317d3fd7a8f5d6fdad9816)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 15:59:29 by Ethan Atkins

Make server socket implementations graalvm friendly

The jna and graalvm native-image tool do not play nicely together.
Reflection is used extensively by the jna in a way that is difficult,
where possible, to get to work with native-image (posix I was able to
get working with some, but not all versions of the native-image tool,
windows I didn't even try because of the way it used proxy classes). In
order to support using ipcsocket in a native client for sbt, it is
necessary to provide jni implementations of the client and server
sockets for both posix and windows platforms.

In the case of the unix domain sockets, it was not that difficult to
extract an interface out of UnixDomainSocketLibrary that could be
provided both by the jna and jni because there few jna provided structs
that needed to be passed around. This was not the case with windows,
where there were more instances of things like SecurityAttributes and
OVERLAPPED structs floating around as well as numerous constants that
were used in the regular java code. The necessary refactoring was more
extensive and it was significantly more difficult to extract the shared
interface. Nevertheless, this was done for both.

The native libraries that provide the jni implementations are provided
in a platform specific location in the library's resources. Building is
done entirely within sbt and does not rely on make or another third
party build tool. The library is quite small for windows and linux < 20K
each, but, unfortunately, is somewhat bloated at ~350K for windows. I
think it should be possible to get the sized down to around 20K for
windows as well but I had problems building a freestanding executable
with mingw*. The native libraries are also built on appveyor and
uploaded as artifacts, making it possible to update all of the native
libraries without relying on building on a developer's machine or vm.
Getting a compilation toolchain working on windows can be a pain, so the
library can be cross-compiled for windows using mingw on either osx or
linux (the cross-compilation is done using linux in ci).

Each of the server and client class constructors now has an addition
useJNI parameter that can be used to select the implementation at
runtime. When JNI is used, the library will extract the appropriate
shared library into a temporary directory that is configurable via
system property. After loading the library, it spawns a background
thread to delete any old temporary shared librarys in the temporary
directory to try and avoid filling the user's hard drive. I didn't
bother with a shutdown hook because it doesn't really work with windows
since you can't delete a file that is being used which would require
that the shutdown hook close the classloader for the native library
which could cause another shutdown hook to fail. This approach avoids
that issue but does introduce an issue with posix systems where it would
be possible for concurrent processes to delete their respective copies
of the shared library. I avoid this by writing a pid file to a
corresponding file to the temporary shared library itself. We only try
to delete the shared libraries in the directory if the corresponding pid
is not alive. On windows, there is no need for a pid file because the os
won't let us delete the file if it is open anyway.

I consolidated the unix and windows tests into a single SocketTest that
selects the correct implementation based on the runtime platform.

There are unfortunately some formatting changes that got incorporated
into this commit when I ran javafmt but it isn't worth the effort to
extract them into a separate commit.

* Much of the native infrastructure was adapted from
https://github.com/swoval/swoval. For that library, I was able to build
a freestanding library with mingw that was roughly 10K but, for reasons I
don't understand, it didn't work with this project and I opted not to
spend a ton of time reducing the size of the binary.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[cf696978e9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/cf696978e90f8e00a65972dff3ba8db819214638)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 17:49:21 by Marko Grdinić

"10:20am. I am up. I managed to clear 3 whole floors yesterday in Ruina. Just a bit more and I'll be done with the game. Let me chill a bit and then I will start.

10:55am. I hadn't quite drawn the right lesson from my high school days after all. I thought I changed after I put down my pride and started learning from others, but that is not it. If it is just programming puzzles, the plan would have worked, but of course I'd run into trouble if I tried learning what nobody else has. I need to acknowledge my own limits and consider more carefully what it is I am trying to learn. The things I want to learn are well hidden away from nature.

If I am going to steal from the best, I need to better plan out my heist.

11am. I am completely humiliated by the ES algorithm. It has so many good properties. Had I known about this from the start and had the right hardware I would not have bothered with backprop based methods.

But now I know that the order is wrong. I need to get the hardware and the money before I can do ML. Not the other way around. It is just like with trading, I need my starting capital base. In the part the reason why I failed at both is because I underestimated that.

In both cases I thought that I could make some great innovative leap over the competition that did not work. I thought that what I would need to win would just come to me if I put in enough effort.

11:05am. One can work hard, but one cannot force inspiration. Therefore, I should get rid of inspiration-based plans until I can automate them via ML. Whether it is trading systems or learning systems, I need the kind of hardware that could push me through the kinds of innovation bottlenecks I keep facing.

I can't really work hard at innovation because there is not much work in such an activity. I either have the algos or I don't.

11:05am. The experience of the past 7 years has cemented one singular thought as an iron law - the best way to get better is to study an algorithm up front. An algorithm is something you can play around and go over in your mind.

I need to put my belief in that. The worst way to move forward is to try to grope my way through the darkness towards the right algorithm. You are never sure what the magnitude of the challenge is. In the 60s they thought they would solve intelligence over the summer.

11:10am. That is why deep down I do not want to get a job. I do not want to keep groping for the right thing. It is suffering and misery. To find the right algorithm you need a machine. It is my own job to find an interpretation for what exists.

Right now the main machine of innovation is the ML community. In the future, machine themselves should take the role of learning to learn.

I failed developing the path, but I haven't actually failed at understanding any of the algorithms that I've studied. CFR gave me difficulty for some time, but I got through that. One day the conditions to properly cultivate ML will manifest themselves.

I thought that since we are close to the Singularity the destiny of that would help me, but I am going to forget about those considerations in the future. So far, the only ones the winds are pushing forward are the guys at the big labs.

11:25am. Let me start sculpting. I'll start with watching how Flycat does retopo.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=785

Let me start from here.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=787

Oh here is a good sideways shot.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=841

Let me pause here. This is a really good shot of the eyeball.

11:30am. My hunch that it was too to the right was not wrong. That is a natural curve to how the brow and the nose relate to the eye.

11:35am. Huh, where is that sideways shot? That link I put is not right. Don't tell me he shows it so briefly that I do not even notice it?

Damn it, let me it watch it from the start in slow mo.

11:40am. Right it was exactly where I put it. He is on that point for maybe half a second so it is no wonder I skipped over it. Now, I see that my main problem is that the head shape is wrong. The forehead is too up front.

This is quite complicated. These are such slight differences. It is hard to get the curve right.

Ok, have an inkling what is wrong. But let me watch some head sculpting tutorials I intended two days ago.

https://youtu.be/HTgUyEHnKso
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 1 ( Shaping head )

This one is by DevilPeace. Let me start with it.

https://youtu.be/HTgUyEHnKso?t=128

I did this before, but I never really succeeded at breaking the head down to its constituent parts. That is why I am having trouble right now. The head is just one complex shape for me much like the ear was previously.

He is recommending some drawing tutorials because they are faster at teaching me the anatomy and proportion of the head.

https://youtu.be/HTgUyEHnKso?t=282

He says that the end of the skull is wider than the front. I did not realize that.

https://youtu.be/7Msx7gEO6wQ
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 2 ( Nose )

Let me watch them all in turn and then I'll watch another one.

https://youtu.be/7Msx7gEO6wQ?t=364

Hmmm, really? I'll have to keep this in mind.

https://youtu.be/jsB21_A3BL0
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 3 ( Eyes)

Let me watch this next. Focus me, focus. Right now I am thinking how combine ES with counterfactual reasoning to get variance reduction, but forget that.

12:20pm. No actually, it is more like I figured it out. It is not hard at all. You need an example trajectory, and then you need to condition on it while mutating the net. Then you get the credit based on that.

The way it works currently would have significant variance.

12:30pm. Had to take a break. Yeah, it is really not hard to adapt ES for offline learning if you understand counterfactual reasoning. And actually this exercise is giving me insight about CFR itself. I see an angle I couldn't see before. Well, let me just watch the eyes video and then I will have breakfast and do the chores.

I think I am finally in the swing of things and have stopped wandering around.

https://youtu.be/jsB21_A3BL0?t=43

I should get the shape right, the nose right, and then position the eyes in the sideways view and then the regular view. Then I should work on putting in the rest based on that.

https://youtu.be/jsB21_A3BL0?t=69

This by itself does not look too bad. I need to keep it in mind as a reference point.

https://youtu.be/jsB21_A3BL0?t=155

He is using the draw brush much like I have. It occured to me that the draw brush works well for tihs purpose as well.

https://youtu.be/jsB21_A3BL0?t=263

On asian people the lower eyelid goes in further than the upper one? I never realized this.

https://youtu.be/jsB21_A3BL0?t=284

I do not understand this remark. Ah, why he said the above, he meant just the corners of the eye.

https://youtu.be/jsB21_A3BL0?t=431

I am a bit confused when I reference this with my mental model of the eye should be. Should there be 3 angles. That is the palne between the brow and base, between the base and the eyelid an then comes the eyelied itself.

I've been struggling with this. I've been mentally trying to model it like that, but I always feel the suffocating feeling of there not being enough space.

12:55pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmHPKrWkY_w
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 4 ( Mouth / Lips )

Let me pause here.

1:40pm. Let me deal with the chores. Right now I am reading Mental Out. Ex-Arm really hasn't been scanlated in a while. I have no idea which series I am even following at this point.

2:20pm. Let me resume.

https://youtu.be/7VBKLH3oDuw
GECCO2021 - tut104 - Advanced Tutorials - CMA-ES and Advanced Adaptation Mechanisms

Let me watch this for a bit and then I'll get back to studying the face. Right now I am obsessed about this whole credit assignment thing.

2:50pm. I'll leave this for later. I can't spend any more time on studying this. Let me get back to sculpting otherwise I'll spend the entire day on it as well.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSWBk0LFvPc
A (somewhat) new paradigm for mathematics and physics | Diffusion Symmetry | N J Wildberger

This vid on the sidebar caught my eye as well. I'll leave it for later.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmHPKrWkY_w
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 4 ( Mouth / Lips )

Let me get back to studying this.

https://youtu.be/TmHPKrWkY_w?t=309
> Don't forget it oval shape.

https://youtu.be/TmHPKrWkY_w?t=843

Interesting, this is different from how I did it. How will he thicken the ear edges? Inflate?

https://youtu.be/d3n-ERqrMMA
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 5 ( Face muscles / Bones )

3:30pm. https://youtu.be/QJvtIJMB6gM
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 6 ( Finishing the Eyes)

Time for part 6.

https://youtu.be/QJvtIJMB6gM?t=212

So the top needs to be higher than the bottom. Does this differ between races?

https://youtu.be/QJvtIJMB6gM?t=493

Ah, this is why I had the impression of there being 3 planes. I mistook this crease for as a separator.

https://youtu.be/QJvtIJMB6gM?t=643

He is complaining about Blender not having good crevice drawing tools, but I think that multiplane scrap with a large angle and the sharp clay thumb would do the trick. The clay thumb has special functionality with the Ctrl where it digs in. Combining that with sharpen might do the trick. But I think the regular draw brush woudl be good as well. I see nothing wrong with it.

https://youtu.be/aAVddziclPk
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part 7 ( Lips and Mouth)

3:55pm. He says that making beautiful female heads is very hard.

https://youtu.be/aAVddziclPk?t=651
> The lip shape is very hard to do the way you want.

I noticed that when I worked on it last month.

https://youtu.be/aAVddziclPk?t=821

It might have been better for him to try the blob brush here.

4:05pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpF6HqeOOm4
Blender beginner to pro head sculpting tutorial Part FINAL

Here is the last part.

4:25pm. Let me take a break.

4:45pm. Let me get an apple. I've really focused on watching DP sculpt his head. As a result I feel like I've really internalized the subject. Let me study how Flycat does it again. I need to correlate his work with DPs. After that I'll do it on my own. The head should not be particularly hard to do. I should be able to deal with it easily enough. I had particular trouble with the feet mostly because of the remesher fumbling. But now that I understand the eyes I should be able to fit the rest into place.

5pm. Let me watch him from where he starts work on the head. I'll go all the way from start to finish including the retopo. After this I should be able to internalize it completely.

Actually before I start work on my own thing I should also get some head anatomy studying. DP recommended watching some drawing tutorials and that is what I should do. Though I feel like I already have a feeling for it now, I should go an extra step to make sure it all settles.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=681

He actually moves the eyes further in here.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=704

I see that Flycat has that nose gap which I'd missed. It is good that DP pointed it out to me.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=873

You know what, I'll skip the retopo phase and go straight to drawing once I am done.

5:25pm. It feels like my sanity is slowly returning to me. I've been insane for the past 3 months. Sigh, money. I do not need it and never had it, but my attempts to pursue it sure made me suffer. I think I'll forget money and just do art, and then watch it start rolling in evetually. I won't have any expectation for this particular aspect.

I do not know. Will I be good at art and music? Am I even good at programming?

Who cares. Doing things properly will cure me of my depression. I won't let my hapiness hinge on the approval of others. When I thought I would make that agent, I was pretty happy. When I made that desperate ML-sub post, I was pretty unhappy. Never again. I'll make my next work have intrinsic appeal and be sellable in a store. I knew that a language has no appeal by itself. I thought that great destiny required great effort, but I do not want that anymore. Rather I'll draw out the beaty and cruelty of reality.

I hope the Heaven's Key makes the world a worse place as a result.

Programming is the basis for everything that will happen in the future, but art is fundamentally mind control, and I need to put some exp points in that.

5:35pm. Technical excellence, impact, novelty. Heaven's Key will have all 3 of them. So I am not worried about it hitting some minimal success targets.

So far my learning cure for art has been proceeding much like for programming.

5:40pm. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=921

Now that I am watching this carefully this is actually pretty boring. But let me watch it all with a nuanced eye at least once. 28m more won't kill me. I'll call it a day after that.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1044

What is he doing here. Is he using the smooth tool? Yep.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1047

This low poly view is really a good way to grasp the overall curvature. It is a good shot. The high poly version is too smooth which makes it harder.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1052

What is he doing here? Isn't the body already finished?

Ah, he is working a bit more on the body. Ah, he did not just boolean it. I see. He is connecting the pieces.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1158

Oh, I forgot this model had fine detail.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1187

Is he using a cylinder in place of teeth?

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1214

Huh, but now he has ngons. What is he doing?

Ah, eyebrows.

This is probably a separate object, but I just did not notice it.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1235

This is a nice shot of the eye. Between the brow and the eye I can really think of it as one plane. There isn't anything between the eyelid and the arc that is flat. This erroneous assumption is what caused a lot of friction for me.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=1251

Here is him working on the nails.

6:25pm. https://youtu.be/DbGN7d6EiUA?list=PLUbwDmfm85hHYQFZICj1zHbQikJ93lz3h
Knight girl modeling Blender time-lapse Part 1

I am wondering how he does all this hard surface stuff, so this might be worth watching. Just not right now. It has 3 parts. No, as interesting as it would be I do not feel like watching it. I am going to finish the face, post what I have in the /beg/ thread and then move on to drawing. If I can draw this body properly I'll be able to draw anything.

I'll do the face tomorrow, I do not feel like it anymore. Maybe I'll watch more of the CMA video now.

6:45pm. The PL sub thread still is not up. Let me close here."

---
## [loafoflead/SmileyFace](https://github.com/loafoflead/SmileyFace)@[a735924c75...](https://github.com/loafoflead/SmileyFace/commit/a735924c75e95443ae643661ccab82b646e6d5d0)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 17:57:01 by asyncvoid

tweaked leveling up system so that it actually bloody works and also made some of the values less hardcoded and easier to play with, added leveling up at the end of the turn and level actually having something to do with your stats, moved all the database shit into a seperate file, still can't get it to change the enemy?? bruh and that's it yeah also added a bunch of new commands to test out the xp etc...

---
## [newren/git](https://github.com/newren/git)@[5d068486f9...](https://github.com/newren/git/commit/5d068486f9f1a745e4f58b10dc6635a65c618c54)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 20:15:15 by Elijah Newren

name-rev: prefer shorter names over following merges

name-rev has a MERGE_TRAVERSAL_WEIGHT to say that traversing a second or
later parent of a merge should be 65535 times more expensive than a
first-parent traversal, as per ac076c29ae8d (name-rev: Fix non-shortest
description, 2007-08-27).  The point of this weight is to prefer names
like

    v2.32.0~1471^2

over names like

    v2.32.0~43^2~15^2~11^2~20^2~31^2

which are two equally valid names in git.git for the same commit.  Note
that the first follows 1472 parent traversals compared to a mere 125 for
the second.  Weighting all traversals equally would clearly prefer the
second name since it has fewer parent traversals, but humans aren't
going to be traversing commits and they tend to have an easier time
digesting names with fewer segments.  The fact that the former only has
two segments (~1471, ^2) makes it much simpler than the latter which has
six segments (~43, ^2, ~15, etc.).  Since name-rev is meant to "find
symbolic names suitable for human digestion", we prefer fewer segments.

However, the particular rule implemented in name-rev would actually
prefer

    v2.33.0-rc0~11^2~1

over

    v2.33.0-rc0~20^2

because both have precisely one second parent traversal, and it gives
the tie breaker to shortest number of total parent traversals.  Fewer
segments is more important for human consumption than number of hops, so
we'd rather see the latter which has one fewer segment.

Include the generation in is_better_name() and use a new
effective_distance() calculation so that we prefer fewer segments in
the printed name over fewer total parent traversals performed to get the
answer.

== Side-note on tie-breakers ==

When there are the same number of segments for two different names, we
actually use the name of an ancestor commit as a tie-breaker as well.
For example, for the commit cbdca289fb in the git.git repository, we
prefer the name v2.33.0-rc0~112^2~1 over v2.33.0-rc0~57^2~5.  This is
because:

  * cbdca289fb is the parent of 25e65b6dd5, which implies the name for
    cbdca289fb should be the first parent of the preferred name for
    25e65b6dd5
  * 25e65b6dd5 could be named either v2.33.0-rc0~112^2 or
    v2.33.0-rc0~57^2~4, but the former is preferred over the latter due
    to fewer segments
  * combine the two previous facts, and the name we get for cbdca289fb
    is "v2.33.0-rc0~112^2~1" rather than "v2.33.0-rc0~57^2~5".

Technically, we get this for free out of the implementation since we
only keep track of one name for each commit as we walk history (and
re-add parents to the queue if we find a better name for those parents),
but the first bullet point above ensures users get results that feel
more consistent.

== Alternative Ideas and Meanings Discussed ==

One suggestion that came up during review was that shortest
string-length might be easiest for users to consume.  However, such a
scheme would be rather computationally expensive (we'd have to track all
names for each commit as we traversed the graph) and would additionally
come with the possibly perplexing result that on a linear segment of
history we could rapidly swap back and forth on names:
   MYTAG~3^2     would     be preferred over   MYTAG~9998
   MYTAG~3^2~1   would NOT be preferred over   MYTAG~9999
   MYTAG~3^2~2   might     be preferred over   MYTAG~10000

Another item that came up was possible auxiliary semantic meanings for
name-rev results either before or after this patch.  The basic answer
was that the previous implementation had no known useful auxiliary
semantics, but that for many repositories (most in my experience), the
new scheme does.  In particular, the new name-rev output can often be
used to answer the question, "How or when did this commit get merged?"
Since that usefulness depends on how merges happen within the repository
and thus isn't universally applicable, details are omitted here but you
can see them at [1].

[1] https://lore.kernel.org/git/CABPp-BEeUM+3NLKDVdak90_UUeNghYCx=Dgir6=8ixvYmvyq3Q@mail.gmail.com/

Finally, it was noted that the algorithm could be improved by just
explicitly tracking the number of segments and using both it and
distance in the comparison, instead of giving a magic number that tries
to blend the two (and which therefore might give suboptimal results in
repositories with really huge numbers of commits that periodically merge
older code).  However, "[this patch] seems to give us a much better
results than the current code, so let's take it and leave further
futzing outside the scope."

Signed-off-by: Elijah Newren <newren@gmail.com>
Acked-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>
Acked-by: Johannes Schindelin <Johannes.Schindelin@gmx.de>

---
## [Realdo-Justino/Project-Game-EyesInTheWoods](https://github.com/Realdo-Justino/Project-Game-EyesInTheWoods)@[7f8f6cd111...](https://github.com/Realdo-Justino/Project-Game-EyesInTheWoods/commit/7f8f6cd111b389fa6ea19f09c874e62871301d2f)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 23:23:35 by Realdo Justino Júnior

Update: Project Finished

Everything that we could do in a span of one year is done.

It brings me joy to know how much we learned over such small time, and I don't think that  we will stop any time soon.

This is our first unity project.

Thanks to all our teachers and friends who all gave us support and help to continue the project.

---
## [fakefarm/fakefarm](https://github.com/fakefarm/fakefarm)@[200eec8afe...](https://github.com/fakefarm/fakefarm/commit/200eec8afe960fa7ba6f8346520b3771559994e9)
#### Thursday 2021-12-02 23:38:56 by Dave Woodall

Git is awesome [read my message]

Do you love what we do enough to spend time writing a personal commit
message? Have you ever thought about how incredible git is? I don't mean
from a professional position. I mean it from a time and version history
system. I confess I'm guilty of flippantly typing 'git init' so many
times that I don't full appreciate what's happening. Git is willing to
become a highly detailed journal of life and times. It almost makes me
wonder if non-coders would appreciate these tools as much as we
programmers do. As you can see in this post, I'm writing for myself,
future self, and (sorta) you. Plus, my vim/git color theme is so fresh I
like spending time here. (These are the kinds of things I can say when I
can speak freely without friction - even if they are nonsense to you.
Don't forget this is my journal, not a memoir!)

---

# [<](2021-12-01.md) 2021-12-02 [>](2021-12-03.md)

