# [<](2021-06-02.md) 2021-06-03 [>](2021-06-04.md)

3,101,722 events, 1,550,647 push events, 2,558,796 commit messages, 188,920,111 characters


## [navn-r/notes@c2b37f1622...](https://github.com/navn-r/notes/commit/c2b37f16226c9555bd7a1629c6df2641da93012c)
##### 2021-06-03 00:14:52 by Navinn Ravindaran

feat: CSCA48 + CSCB09

init commit (hey that rhymes)

updated

built static with hugo

modified

yo ngl hugo is super cool

Create README.md

Update README.md

idk vscode told me to commit 🤷🏾‍♂️

updated front matter

modified

new course update 🤠

new course update 🤠

Create CNAME

Delete CNAME

site was broken but so i gotta rebuild it smh hugo

hugo is sort buggy but at least its fast to deploy

make sure to enforce https 🥰

make sure to enforce https 🥰

updated

rebuilding pages since hugo is acting up

hugo rebuilding bad grrr

rebuilding pages since hugo is acting up

yo mama so fat when she did a 360, a year passed

ok so now ik how to fix a broken build 😜 ty hugo

lets hope this works

your choice in women is messier than my commits

added KaTeX flag

actually fixed KaTeX + formatting

no you can't commit meaninglessly, haha git go brr

Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master

Revert "Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master"

This reverts commit bd5cffeb182988877c572600e5a7fc9d14c062fd.

Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master

Revert "Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master"

This reverts commit 56d95dbf8cef17cbe7d4e5c033422e42f774c519.

reverting commit due to failed TravisCI build

Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master

Revert "Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master"

This reverts commit 719c68331a73006d15de4d70fab3b29b1985732e.

blah

Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master

Deploy navn-r/notes to github.com/navn-r/notes.git:master

Update README.md

moving navn-r/course-notes to this branch

moving navn-r/course-notes ...

yeetus fetus deletus .DS_Store  + fix .travis.yml

ok now this is epic

i can't think of a funny commit msg, its over m8

have u ever wanted to send urself to /dev/null?

oopsies gotta fix the dir since im using ubuntu

added week 8

small formatting updates

trying to fix KaTeX...again

2nd times the charm

3rd times the charm 🤠

week 8 fixed 🏆

updated w8

Create LICENSE

added week 9 notes

added week 10

updated w10

Added week 11 (one more week to go 🥳)

oops forgot a semicolon

initial commit of final review

i really needa take a dub in this course

front matter changed for b09

I just wanna SIGKILL this course sometimes

---
## [Not-AriStienfeld/Comp-Sci-projects@b6bb0e990f...](https://github.com/Not-AriStienfeld/Comp-Sci-projects/commit/b6bb0e990f874fe8587cbe4fe4016dc8aff732ca)
##### 2021-06-03 02:45:03 by s016893

I fixed everything except pawn.



ANDY FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE FUCKING READ THIS MESSAGE: FIX PAWN, IT
IS SET UP PERFECTLY FOR YOU TO FIX IT. YOU HAVE NO EXCUSE, GET OFF
MINECRAFT AND FOCUS ON SCHOOL

---
## [jchamish/Cockatrice@ebe2c494aa...](https://github.com/jchamish/Cockatrice/commit/ebe2c494aa4c92f2ed64f94c1ef6df05e63deafd)
##### 2021-06-03 04:08:37 by ebbit1q

remove the stop dump zone command from the protocol (#4326)

the stop dump zone command was implemented as a courtesy to other
players in order to take into account when they would stop looking at
unknown information

however, this can be abused, a malicious client can send this command
whenever they would like

cockatrice is not a physical tabletop nor does it aim to be, if you can
take a screenshot of your deck and then close the view, you are not
cheating as you have been given this information

in order to prevent anyone from abusing this we should remove the
command from the protocol, this means servers will ignore this message
and clients will get a little invalid command reply in their debug log

the extension id will remain reserved

shuffling your deck will always invalidate any card view looking at
those cards

if players wish to signal that they stopped looking at their deck for
whatever reason they should just use the chat instead, optionally using
one of the chat macros

---
## [yuvaraj20102001/yuvaraj20102001@16812141a5...](https://github.com/yuvaraj20102001/yuvaraj20102001/commit/16812141a55a34930ff072dbfe6f75763a32ed08)
##### 2021-06-03 05:53:01 by YUVARAJ_MURUGAN

Add files via upload

F.L.A.M.E.S

Flames is my first application program coded using python 3.0
F.L.A.M.E.S method is used to checkout the compatibility between two given names. The methodology of the game is two first select two names. Then common alphabets between two names are omitted. The total of available alphabets is considered. The total is then iterated on the word FLAMES. The alphabet at which the total ends is omitted and again the counting is started from next corresponding alphabet. This process is continued untill only one alphabet is left.
The abbreviation of each letter in this code is as follows
F->Friends
L->lover
A->Acquaintance
M->Marriage
E->Enemy
S->Siblings

---
## [eeriic20/ProyectoIntegrado@3c0972486b...](https://github.com/eeriic20/ProyectoIntegrado/commit/3c0972486b1198611d24384d6132cdec07e47830)
##### 2021-06-03 07:08:32 by Eric

Ooh, ooh
Across the ocean, across the sea
Startin' to forget the way you look at me now
Over the mountains, across the sky
Need to see your face
I need to look in your eyes
Through the storm and through the clouds
Bumps in the road and upside down now
I know it's hard babe, to sleep at night
Don't you worry
'Cause everything's gonna be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
Be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
Through the sorrow
And the fights
Don't you worry
'Cause everything's gonna be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
Be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
All alone, in my room
Waiting for your phone call to come soon
Anf for you, oh, I would walk a thousand miles
To be in your arms, holding my heart
Oh I
Oh I
I love you
And everything's gonna be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
Be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
Through the long nights
And the bright lights
Don't you worry
'Cause everything's gonna be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
Be alright, ai-ai-ai-a'ight
You know that I care for you
I'll always be there for you
I promise I'll just stay right here, yeah
I know that you want me to
Baby, we can make it through, anything
'Cause everything's gonna be alright, ai-a'ight
Be alright, ai-a'ight
Through the sorrow and the fights
Don't you worry, 'cause everything's gonna be alright, ai-a'ight
Be alright, ai-a'ight
Through the sorrow and the fights
Don't you worry, cause everything's gonna be alright

---
## [donghhan/sapper@23bb6d4d0e...](https://github.com/donghhan/sapper/commit/23bb6d4d0e5a9b843b235dce9b5185543b4beb18)
##### 2021-06-03 08:24:57 by Apensia

Korean translation to 00-introduction.md

This is the first draft of Korean translation of Sapper's "00-introduction.md" part. Briefly introducing myself, I am junior frontend developer who just started off learning Sapper and felt love in using Svelte these days! I have experience in translating many English development online tutorials into Korean. 

Although there is not yet skyrocketing interest in Svelte, I can see some couple of companies in South Korea are adopting Svelte for their service. As a Svelte lover, I would like to contribute to Korean translation so that I could help Svelte and Sapper could be more beloved by more and more Korean people. 

I wanted to contribute to Svelte at first, but it seems there were no slot for me to leave my work for you to review, and that's why I am starting off with Sapper. If this is not the right way for me to contribute to Korean translation, then please give me comments via apensia914@gmail.com. 

Hope you could see my message.

---
## [pytorch/pytorch@c57e34b4fd...](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/commit/c57e34b4fdfdb4e84e5bf858a877796711d2aabb)
##### 2021-06-03 18:07:41 by Brian Hirsh

Update base for Update on "add a boxed CPU fallback kernel"

This PR replaces the existing code-generated CPU fallback kernels that XLA uses with a single boxed CPU fallback.

Current state: there are a couple different design ideas that I want to point out, but the logic for the actually kernel is mostly done and passing tests.

### Design

To preface, I'm not 100% tied to the current design and I'm putting the PR up now for opinions and totally open to alternatives, some of which I listed below. Actually after writing this description, I'm leaning toward the following changes:
* Confirm whether or not we can remove all C++ logging info directly in the yaml.


**Current Design**

All of the CPU fallback codegen is deleted. In its place, XLA (and other external backends, later) can choose to opt into a CPU fallback by adding the following code in a C++ file. I have an corresponding [xla-side PR with the xla changes](https://github.com/pytorch/xla/pull/2945/files#diff-1a005c10039f0cb11130a3b740f5de716d2f10acaea121017016025861886798R1).

There's no actual requirement to split up the code into a .h and .cpp file, but that's necessary in the XLA case because they sometimes need to call the fallback directly from their handcrafted kernels.

```
// xla_cpu_fallback.h
#include <ATen/native/CPUFallback.h>
...
void xla_cpu_fallback(const c10::OperatorHandle& op, torch::jit::Stack* stack);
...
```
```
// xla_cpu_fallback.cpp
#include "torch_xla/csrc/aten_cpu_fallback.h"
...
void xla_cpu_fallback(const c10::OperatorHandle& op, torch::jit::Stack* stack) {
  // Do custom logging here
  ...
  // Call the actual boxed CPU fallback.
  at::native::cpu_fallback(op, stack);
}

TORCH_LIBRARY_IMPL(_, XLA, m) {
  m.fallback(torch::CppFunction::makeFromBoxedFunction<&xla_cpu_fallback>());
}
```

Now that the fallback is exposed in the backend, they can call it directly. Doing so requires converting from an unboxed to a boxed context, which we provide a utility function before. E.g.:
```
#include <ATen/native/CPUFallback.h>

at::Tensor addmm(const at::Tensor& self,const at::Tensor& mat1,const at::Tensor& mat2,const at::Scalar& beta,const at::Scalar& alpha) {
  ....
  if (...call_fallback...) {
    return at::native::call_fallback_fn<&xla_cpu_fallback, decltype(at::addmm)>::call("aten::addmm", self, mat1, mat2, beta, alpha);
  }
  ...
}
```

That `decltype(at::addmm)` logic isn't actually used everywhere in the xla-side PR yet, since you hit issues with overloads. I could use it everywhere once #58092 lands.

**Alternatives: The API for calling the CPU fallback directly is ugly, can we make it nicer?**
We could change the api to use `at::redispatch`, which would make it look something like this:
```
at::Tensor addmm(const at::Tensor& self,const at::Tensor& mat1,const at::Tensor& mat2,const at::Scalar& beta,const at::Scalar& alpha) {
  ....
  if (...call_fallback...) {
    return at::redispatch::addmm(c10::DispatchKeySet(c10::DispatchKey::CPUFallback), self, mat1, mat2, beta, alpha);
  }
  ...
}
```
Which definitely feels cleaner, but also requires adding a new DispatchKey just for this use case. Conditionally calling the CPU fallback doesn't sound like a hugely important use case, so I don't know if giving up one of our 64 dispatch key slots is worth the API improvement. Totally open to other opinions though!


Another more mild improvement that would avoid having to pass operator string names (including overloads) around would be to codegen (yet another) namespaced API. Something like this:
```
at::Tensor addmm(const at::Tensor& self,const at::Tensor& mat1,const at::Tensor& mat2,const at::Scalar& beta,const at::Scalar& alpha) {
  ....
  if (...call_fallback...) {
    return at::fallback::addmm<&xla_cpu_fallback>(self, mat1, mat2, beta, alpha);
  }
  ...
}
```

Writing that out actually I actually like it more (I think it'll let us get rid of `decltype(...)`). Maybe that is nice enough to warrant a new codegen API - I haven't tried adding that yet, but if people like it I'm happy to try it out.

**More alternatives**
The current design also involves the backend manually writing and registering the boxed fallback themselves, but an alternative would be for us to do it in codegen too: they would just need to pass in all of the C++ logging that they want done in the fallback, directly through the yaml. The main downsides:
* Backend code that wants to call the fallback needs to abide by whatever convention our codegen uses to name the generated boxed fallback.
* Passing custom C++ logging through yaml is just more fragile: right now xla uses an `iostream` to log each tensor arg in the operator, so we'd have to either force other backends into the same convention or figure something else out later.

To be fair, we actually already do that: XLA has custom per-tensor-arg logging for all of the generated `out` wrappers in the codegen, which we do by passing their C++ logging info through the yaml. This seems unnecessary though, since `out` wrappers just call into a functional kernel, which is hand written with its own custom logging. So my take is: try to remove custom C++ logging from the yaml, and if it turns out to be really necessary, then we may as well take advantage of that to codegen the fallback.

### Performance impact

While ops that fall back to CPU aren't exactly hot path, we probably don't want to use a boxed fallback if it turns out to be an absolute perf killer.

I ran my benchmarks using callgrind, benchmarking both `at::add` and `at::add_out` run on XLA. My callgrind benchmark for `at::add` can be found here (the add_out benchmark looks basically the same): https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415418587. I created the benchmark by hacking the existing xla C++ test build scripts and throwing in a reference to callgrind.

I also attached the full callgrind output for each benchmark; the full output is actually pretty noise and hard to parse, but I focused on everything underneath the `at::add()` call in the output, which was much more stable. My guess is that it's due to some heavyweight async startup processing that xla does.

`at::add`:
before: 88,505,130 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415421001
after: 102,185,654 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415421273
delta: ~15.5% increase

`at::add_out`:
before: 63,897,395 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/intern/everpaste/?handle=GBrrKwtAPlix9wUEAOZtrFXpdO5UbsIXAAAz
after: 73,170,346 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415423227
delta: ~14.5% increase

High level takeaway: A framework overhead increase of 10-20% doesn't seem too horrible for the CPU fallback use case.

For structured, functional ops that requires a CPU fallback, we're actually in an unfortunate situation: we're doing even more work than necessary. Our codegen automatically creates a `CompositeExplicitAutograd` kernel which calls into the `out` operator. So the extra work that we end up doing is:
* An extra dispatcher hop: (at::add -> CompositeExplicitAutograd -> CPUFallback -> at::native::add) instead of (at::add -> CPUFallback -> at::native::add)
* An unnecessary tensor allocation (the CompositeExplicitAutograd kernel uses at::empty() to create an output tensor, which is immediately overwritten by the CPU fallback)
* An unnecessary meta() call (the CompositeExplicitAutograd kernel calls it to create the output tensor, but we call it again in the CPU kernel).
* unboxing->boxing->unboxing logic (this is the only strictly required piece)

There are definitely ways to avoid the unnecessary work explained above: one would be to give the boxed fallback higher priority than composite keys (there's [an issue for it here](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/55104)), and codegen fallthroughs for all composite ops. It'll require more infra to set up, so I see it as more of a perf knob that we can apply if we need it later.

Unfortunately I couldn't dig much deeper into the differences aside from the aggregate change in instructions, since it looks like callgrind fudged some of the instruction attribution (`at::to_cpu` takes up a ton of instructions, but I don't see any attribution for the `at::native::add` kernel anywhere).


Differential Revision: [D28833085](https://our.internmc.facebook.com/intern/diff/D28833085)

[ghstack-poisoned]

---
## [Udrakan/baroita@c0c857fe7b...](https://github.com/Udrakan/baroita/commit/c0c857fe7bd1e79e8bff40ff689e4458b8661987)
##### 2021-06-03 23:01:05 by René

R-3.384

-RUSSIAN TRANSLATION (Made by Runlov)
-JAPANESE TRANSLATION (Made by cimoyama)
-grappling gun and ropes can now be enabled in "Additional Cargo" for MP mission mode (thx nilanthanimosus)(it's in lobby Gameplay settings)
-some fallen rocks in bigger dry cave rooms allow creatures to climb up to get you
-include new cheat event for quick cave climbing gear for quick cave testing [triggerevent ita_climbgear]
-changes to some cave modules to make climbing less annoying in some shafts
-rope now has significantly more uses (34x) and more reliably lifts you up (thx Ghosty crew for extensive testing)
-change fragile crates: they loose 34 condition when dropped, no condition when crouch dropping, blow up when contained in fab or decon
-make fertiliser use poop instead of fuel rods
-make only the botanist sell the seeds
-fix magic pump that generates cave water being visible (mrjpjr)
-fix outpost guards&bandits not resisting the new vanilla stun subtypes
-fix ruin doors being cheesable with crowbar and LMB
-fix 2 ruins spawning inside each other by limiting 1 per lvl in Europan Ridge, which also caused bad FPS in level
-fix missing red alien hatch error
-fix missing supply crate error (mrjpjr)
-fix bandits having double id card
-fix top waypoint in electrician module (Leonidas)
-fix doublequote in mechanic event dialogue (Runlov)
-fix mechanic from the mechanic event wandering around town like he owns it. He stays in engineering now (Runlov)
-fix ancient research module bottom hatch and ladder (Perruso)
-fix missing gap in electrician
-fix the separatist beacon sometimes flooding, killing the event NPCs (Perruso)
-fix wrong requiredskill in mechanicsarespecial event (Runlov)
-fix impromptu engineering not giving you well deserved electrical skill for installing game on research terminal (Runlov)
-fix separatist beacon hideout event not giving you reputation for gifting them FPGA circuit for free (Runlov)
-fix beacon engineer even text saying you need 60 electrical, while in fact you only require 45
-fix white ancient alien chest having wrong sprite (Runlov)
-fix numerous event typos and grammar mistakes found by people all over discord&steam

---

# [<](2021-06-02.md) 2021-06-03 [>](2021-06-04.md)

