# [<](2021-02-09.md) 2021-02-10 [>](2021-02-11.md)

2,895,598 events, 1,424,885 push events, 2,264,806 commit messages, 173,082,679 characters


## [Jozufozu/Create](https://github.com/Jozufozu/Create)@[0cb9094913...](https://github.com/Jozufozu/Create/commit/0cb909491316aaab312b51921a2a052142f066cb)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 00:14:51 by JozsefA

non experimental contraption rendering is back.
schematic rendering is fixed.
both of these are kinda ugly hacks, and there is definitely some rewriting necessary for when it's time to be more opengl compatible.

maybe fix belt lighting, again.
remove old belt assets.

---
## [jws85/.emacs.d](https://github.com/jws85/.emacs.d)@[4845f898b4...](https://github.com/jws85/.emacs.d/commit/4845f898b49bdcfceb16fb781742bff52ae33432)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 01:22:37 by J. W. Smith

Turned 'git' menu into generic VC menu

I have been read the riot act by folks who would have the power to do
so, that I may have to move to Subversion for some projects.  (In the
year of our [deity] 2021, no less!)

I don't grok the "checkin" "checkout" stuff and love my lightweight
branches, so I'll probably use git-svn unless there's a problem of
some sort that would make me move to pure Subversion the vc-*
functions.

I rarely used any of the extra "git" functionality without just going
straight into the magit-status screen, so that'll be the only part I
expose.

vc-* is another matter entirely.  There's no nice magit-style
interface, so I've gotta just expose what commands I think I might
need.  I don't know how svn works so I can only guess based on the
emacs info pages and some basic "svn workflow howto" what I'll need.
It looks like 'vc-next-action' is an "everything" command that tries
to dwim e.g. if you haven't edited the file at all, check it out, if
you have, it stages it or something, I don't really understand.
Should I have to use this stuff, expect some changes.

I'm already having a really hard time with SPC v v given that SPC g g
was probably one of my most typed strings over the years.  Fun.

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[b3225dbb0a...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/b3225dbb0a051c65625cfd5697428674e6d5e4b2)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 01:50:26 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-02-09: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, MB, NT, ON, QC, SK); testing (NT).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 32 new deaths, for a total of 10,078. Among these 32 deaths, 5 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 22 have occurred between February 2 and February 7, 4 have occurred before February 2 and 1 has occurred at an unknown date.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [Mattes0h/reshade-shaders](https://github.com/Mattes0h/reshade-shaders)@[2879716bd1...](https://github.com/Mattes0h/reshade-shaders/commit/2879716bd19d88460c3afe4bde82e0801ba3d926)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 02:34:16 by BlueSkyDefender

Update Depth3D.fx

Depth3D: Harden to help prevent cheating.                                                       -=let me know if I can do more=-

+Cursor Is now Bound to the 3D image only.
+Removed Depth Buffer Debug view to keep users from using this to cheat.
+Basic VR Compatibility added so that it can be used with VR Desktop apps.
+Basic Theater Mode added for Cellphone VR users.
+Renamed many items in the UI to help new users with controlling this shader.
+New Depth Detection Code.
+New Screen Boundary Detection added.
+Edge Handling added from SuperDepth3D

Fixed issues with the UI in Freestyle and automated many functions as I could to reduce UI clutter. The idea was to keep as much of the functionality as possible without sacrificing too much.

Fixed issues with NV System that was causing a black screen on my Testers PC. This was not easy, I had to remote into a user's pc halfway across the world since I needed someone with an NV Card that was able to help me. Seems like this may be an issue for me with porting my other shaders. Thank you, Durante - aka Dorinte & TheGordinho - aka Gordinho

The goal of Depth3D to allow users to experience the world of 3D Gaming by adding real depth to your game. -=This shader requires depth access to work=-

This shader will work with 3D TV, 3D Monitors, and the NEW VR HMDs. The VR Theater experience worth exploring in VR.
Here are two free applications for VR Headsets That I seen people use that anyone can try.
Virtual Space
https://store.steampowered.com/app/703480/Virtual_Space/
Big Screen
https://bigscreenvr.com/help/gettingstarted/sbs3d/

Older games and non-VR games can benefit from being played again with Stereo3D.
I have been working on My 3D Shader for some time now and learned how to improve things over time even with limitations. My hope is to share this experience with as many people as possible.
I would like this shader to be considered as a standard shader to be used as openly as NV discontinued 3DVision Stereo Software. Since I know many users in the 3D community still enjoy 3D gaming.

Please let me know if there is anything I can change. That can help. Thank you.

Noted Issues
One of the things that bug me with Depth3D It's hard to use for new users. So I will be making better tutorials when I have the hardware to do so for VR.

---
## [HEYimHeroic/Peruse](https://github.com/HEYimHeroic/Peruse)@[aaf7dc6b84...](https://github.com/HEYimHeroic/Peruse/commit/aaf7dc6b842c35967543a237fd96628200d47b2f)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 04:50:33 by i'm alice

i added a lot of shit i don't remember

i added so much shit like uh. the storybook textboxes and... um.. more text i think? idk lol all i know is that most of it works and some of it breaks BAD so yea fuck it right

---
## [DanaAndConnorProductions/ZeyGate](https://github.com/DanaAndConnorProductions/ZeyGate)@[c69cd80855...](https://github.com/DanaAndConnorProductions/ZeyGate/commit/c69cd80855216da38f72671bc0ec69069ff4e9d1)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 05:48:28 by DanaAndConnorProductions

suck my FAT COCK holy shit ooAFEAGFegAUGGFOLOLOLLLOLOOOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOLO

---
## [joew4093/yi-hack-v2](https://github.com/joew4093/yi-hack-v2)@[f3c18ef5a6...](https://github.com/joew4093/yi-hack-v2/commit/f3c18ef5a60c7e0d0bd5c685ac7292b79fdc5477)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 06:02:02 by joew4093

Create cyber issue 

I know of a very good hacker's that can help you with any type of hacking, either phones or computers and criminal records My wife’s was so smooth at hiding her infidelity so I had no proof for months, I was referred to some hacker's and decided to give them a try.. the result was incredible because all my cheating wife’s text messages, emails , facebook and even phone conversations was wired directly to my cellphone. HACKTRUTH team helped me put a round-the-clock monitoring on her and I got concrete evidence of her escapades..if you think your spouse is an expert at hiding his/her cheating adventure, you can contact them too on hack.truth77@gmail.com and i dare say most cheaters would never stop cheating after i caught her cheating but she still let her ungodly emotions into our marriage
 all thanks to them..

---
## [abcdan/iml](https://github.com/abcdan/iml)@[497358306d...](https://github.com/abcdan/iml/commit/497358306d002ad9a9edb5f63b1308a1cdfe02e3)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 08:41:32 by Daniël

Check it out Wake up in the mornin'

Ayy, let's do it
(Cannon)
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah-yeah, uh
Yeah, uh, uh
Yeah, uh, yeah
We ain't got time
I drop my demons off, yeah
Clear my mind
Ridin' 'round town with a bad ass bitch
She a dime (hold up)
All these niggas, they cappin' 'round here (yeah)
They stay lyin'

---
## [qorg11/lainsafe](https://github.com/qorg11/lainsafe)@[bb3ac7f248...](https://github.com/qorg11/lainsafe/commit/bb3ac7f248e730ef9b554a0e24a7352ca5ee9041)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 09:38:25 by qorg11

s/github.com/codeberg.org/

some idiot will tell me that ACKSHUALLY is s/github\.com/codeberg.org

fuck you

---
## [qorg11/k9core](https://github.com/qorg11/k9core)@[e4192c6155...](https://github.com/qorg11/k9core/commit/e4192c61551919801d710567ae1cfd0685250f3c)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 09:38:57 by qorg11

don't take - as stdin if it is a flag (solves musl getopt() bullshit)

gnu, please add to your FUCKING MANPAGE THAT RESORTING argv IS A
FUCKING EXTENSION OF YOUR SHIT, GODDAMN

jk, love you GNU, but please, i don't use man 3p that often

t. spurdo

---
## [qorg11/k9core](https://github.com/qorg11/k9core)@[fbff968b27...](https://github.com/qorg11/k9core/commit/fbff968b27df9f6f41c5f32aef29a85f6e4d3da0)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 09:38:57 by qorg11

wait i'm fucking stupid, lmao, well musl, good luck searching for a file called -<CHAR>, but if it makes you happy, go for it my dude

---
## [adrianleb/ether-block-art-hackathon](https://github.com/adrianleb/ether-block-art-hackathon)@[399469a73c...](https://github.com/adrianleb/ether-block-art-hackathon/commit/399469a73c21fe114a17e21f9e4efebb1d48e031)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 11:50:00 by Adrian le Bas

Small tweaks

This is amazing, I love the creativity and minimalism!
A few changes I did to make it totally compatible:
- replacing p5.random() with the shufflerBag implementation so we have deterministic randomness based on block data
- removed the noLoop() from setup since we need the looping to occur (should work nicely since we're using the shufflerBag instead of p5.random()
- wired the `mod1` controls to the font-size, which creates this cool effect and gives creators a basic interaction, just an example, lmk!
- moved the `kanji.json` to `/public/blockbase/kanji.json` so it is compatible with the rest of the site
sandbox URL to try it out: https://ethblockart2-git-style-blockbase.adrianleb.vercel.app/create

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7a8a37d9c6...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7a8a37d9c6d3052db40083ab8ca8028142f7b289)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 12:05:50 by Marko Grdinić

"10:45am. I am up. Let me chill a little and I will start. Not programming, but opening that sponsor page on the Spiral repo. That has been a long time coming.

I noticed last night I got a reply by scoder on the TCO issue so I need to reply to him.

Let me do my morning reading first.

11:25am.

///

> I doubt that you would see any difference whatsoever in the runtime if that C level optimisation was applied to your code.

Do you mean to say that on the toy example the performance will be dominated by the memory allocation? If that is so, I understand that. If TCO worked though, the program would not stack overflow regardless of the number of iterations.

> You are asking for tail call optimisation after (probably) just creating a new Python object, allocating memory for it and initialising it?

I am pointing out that any new objects passed in a tail call effectively block TCO because they need to be decref'd after the method returns. For TCO to work, the method call needs to be the last and not followed by a decref.

For this to be the case, Cython needs an alternative construct to the usual `cdef` methods. This is what I am asking for.

If I were doing a C backend I could fulfil all of the requirements on the Spiral wishlist for it. I could do the same with Cython if I were to compile objects to pointers and do ref counting manually, but I do not know how to deal with exceptions. Exceptions would leave pointers hanging. So I have no choice, but to make a request.

///

Let me do a reply...this is good.

11:50am. Had to take a short break. I really spent my time slacking this morning. Before I stop for breakfast, I can get a bit work done. Let me see if that display card works. Let me crack open the envelope.

11:55am. Yeah, the card is there. This one does not seem to have an expiry date.

12:10pm. Logged in. Between 2015 and now, it seems I wasted 72$ dollars just for having the account open. Those thieves took 1.2$ per month from me. My father should have drained it completely.

Well, no matter. Let me see about opening that sponsor page.

https://docs.github.com/en/github/supporting-the-open-source-community-with-github-sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors

12:20pm. How disappointing. I joined the waiting list as Github Sponsors is not supported in Croatia.

Back in my trading days I had an account with Interactive Brokers, so that might have sufficed, but that has been closed for 7 years now. Should I be aiming to open an account outside the country just to get on this program? I am not sure.

I do not have much interest in this.

12:25pm. Forget this. It would have been different if I had an waiting audience for Spiral, but I'll just focus on my current plan instead.

Today I will change i32 to u32 arrays. I'll rename the modules to from `arrayu64` to `a64` and `arrayu32` to `a32`. It is really hard to keep writing out `arrayu64` every time. `array` or `list` are fine, but `arrayu64` are like 3 different words for me.

`a64` would be 2, but at least it will be concise.

12:30pm. https://cython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/userguide/language_basics.html#error-return-values

Oh, damn it. So this is how exceptions work in Cython. I actually hadn't even read this part of the docs. It seems that for every function that returns a primitive, I should be using except *.

Would this crush TCO? What would the performance impact of this be for that TCO loop?

```
cdef int loop_tail(int s, int i, int nearTo) except *:
    if i < nearTo: return loop_tail(s+i,i+1,nearTo)
    else: return s
cpdef int sequence_tailrec(int fron, int nearTo) except *:
    return loop_tail(0,fron,nearTo)
```

...Yes, it ends up blocking TCO just as one would expect.

1pm. Hmmm...maybe I will add a compiler option to generate `except *` on every join point. No way around this one. I really am learning a decent amount aren't I?

1:05pm. Let me have breakfast here. I am overdoing it."

---
## [clarencelol/kernel_xiaomi_sdm660-illium](https://github.com/clarencelol/kernel_xiaomi_sdm660-illium)@[75e6295180...](https://github.com/clarencelol/kernel_xiaomi_sdm660-illium/commit/75e6295180e8a60398fa8c810fbe30a252643353)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 13:53:52 by Petr Mladek

kthread: add kthread_create_worker*()

Kthread workers are currently created using the classic kthread API,
namely kthread_run().  kthread_worker_fn() is passed as the @threadfn
parameter.

This patch defines kthread_create_worker() and
kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() functions that hide implementation details.

They enforce using kthread_worker_fn() for the main thread.  But I doubt
that there are any plans to create any alternative.  In fact, I think that
we do not want any alternative main thread because it would be hard to
support consistency with the rest of the kthread worker API.

The naming and function of kthread_create_worker() is inspired by the
workqueues API like the rest of the kthread worker API.

The kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() variant is motivated by the original
kthread_create_on_cpu().  Note that we need to bind per-CPU kthread
workers already when they are created.  It makes the life easier.
kthread_bind() could not be used later for an already running worker.

This patch does _not_ convert existing kthread workers.  The kthread
worker API need more improvements first, e.g.  a function to destroy the
worker.

IMPORTANT:

kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() allows to use any format of the worker
name, in compare with kthread_create_on_cpu().  The good thing is that it
is more generic.  The bad thing is that most users will need to pass the
cpu number in two parameters, e.g.  kthread_create_worker_on_cpu(cpu,
"helper/%d", cpu).

To be honest, the main motivation was to avoid the need for an empty
va_list.  The only legal way was to create a helper function that would be
called with an empty list.  Other attempts caused compilation warnings or
even errors on different architectures.

There were also other alternatives, for example, using #define or
splitting __kthread_create_worker().  The used solution looked like the
least ugly.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/1470754545-17632-6-git-send-email-pmladek@suse.com
Signed-off-by: Petr Mladek <pmladek@suse.com>
Acked-by: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Ingo Molnar <mingo@redhat.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Steven Rostedt <rostedt@goodmis.org>
Cc: "Paul E. McKenney" <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Josh Triplett <josh@joshtriplett.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Jiri Kosina <jkosina@suse.cz>
Cc: Borislav Petkov <bp@suse.de>
Cc: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.cz>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [pamil/RefundPlugin](https://github.com/pamil/RefundPlugin)@[dd88749148...](https://github.com/pamil/RefundPlugin/commit/dd88749148216596329300a4713c3e74458b65fc)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 16:37:52 by Grzegorz Sadowski

refactor #230 Support Sylius 1.7 again (Zales0123)

This PR was merged into the 1.0-dev branch.

Discussion
----------

With the latest `v1.0.0-RC.4`, we've introduced support for Doctrine Migrations 3.0. However, it required from us also to support only Sylius ^1.8... with the support for Sylius ^1.5 in the previous tag.

I believe it was a mistake. Doing such a big and work-demanding change as migrations version switch together with bumping Sylius requirement by 3 versions can be a pain in the back for a lot of developers using `RefundPlugin` already.

I think that doing a step backward can improve the developer experience for those, who already use this plugin. Definitely, the next release (hopefully the stable one already 🤞) would support Sylius 1.8 only, so this one is just an intermediate stage. The implementation is not perfect as well but allows us to test 2 versions of Sylius along with 2 versions of PHP and MySQL 💃 

I would love to see your opinion 🖖 

Commits
-------

04c2f7ec07c3c3f350068381008f0df1a3cdc0d3 Support for Sylius 1.7
363abc987c7982be4d5ca16b32a3a0b584193920 Provide configuration for Travis with Sylius 1.8
755d53f310e92c73cdbad46535d92a8a2c7bcfd7 Use custom namespace in migrations by default
5394c61557c6f848aeeaa742dac2138352d9a8e3 Check doctrine configuration necessity in a little bit better way
b6b62e0f4f2a41249fc6e1ee281d238bfa0b9f3e Use Sylius 1.8 as the default version

---
## [TogoFire/kernel_xiaomi_panda](https://github.com/TogoFire/kernel_xiaomi_panda)@[0e0e302e51...](https://github.com/TogoFire/kernel_xiaomi_panda/commit/0e0e302e51406c0793a3bb2059103a3f9ea1719d)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 17:48:50 by Dave Hansen

x86/apic: Add extra serialization for non-serializing MSRs

commit 25a068b8e9a4eb193d755d58efcb3c98928636e0 upstream.

Jan Kiszka reported that the x2apic_wrmsr_fence() function uses a plain
MFENCE while the Intel SDM (10.12.3 MSR Access in x2APIC Mode) calls for
MFENCE; LFENCE.

Short summary: we have special MSRs that have weaker ordering than all
the rest. Add fencing consistent with current SDM recommendations.

This is not known to cause any issues in practice, only in theory.

Longer story below:

The reason the kernel uses a different semantic is that the SDM changed
(roughly in late 2017). The SDM changed because folks at Intel were
auditing all of the recommended fences in the SDM and realized that the
x2apic fences were insufficient.

Why was the pain MFENCE judged insufficient?

WRMSR itself is normally a serializing instruction. No fences are needed
because the instruction itself serializes everything.

But, there are explicit exceptions for this serializing behavior written
into the WRMSR instruction documentation for two classes of MSRs:
IA32_TSC_DEADLINE and the X2APIC MSRs.

Back to x2apic: WRMSR is *not* serializing in this specific case.
But why is MFENCE insufficient? MFENCE makes writes visible, but
only affects load/store instructions. WRMSR is unfortunately not a
load/store instruction and is unaffected by MFENCE. This means that a
non-serializing WRMSR could be reordered by the CPU to execute before
the writes made visible by the MFENCE have even occurred in the first
place.

This means that an x2apic IPI could theoretically be triggered before
there is any (visible) data to process.

Does this affect anything in practice? I honestly don't know. It seems
quite possible that by the time an interrupt gets to consume the (not
yet) MFENCE'd data, it has become visible, mostly by accident.

To be safe, add the SDM-recommended fences for all x2apic WRMSRs.

This also leaves open the question of the _other_ weakly-ordered WRMSR:
MSR_IA32_TSC_DEADLINE. While it has the same ordering architecture as
the x2APIC MSRs, it seems substantially less likely to be a problem in
practice. While writes to the in-memory Local Vector Table (LVT) might
theoretically be reordered with respect to a weakly-ordered WRMSR like
TSC_DEADLINE, the SDM has this to say:

  In x2APIC mode, the WRMSR instruction is used to write to the LVT
  entry. The processor ensures the ordering of this write and any
  subsequent WRMSR to the deadline; no fencing is required.

But, that might still leave xAPIC exposed. The safest thing to do for
now is to add the extra, recommended LFENCE.

 [ bp: Massage commit message, fix typos, drop accidentally added
   newline to tools/arch/x86/include/asm/barrier.h. ]

Reported-by: Jan Kiszka <jan.kiszka@siemens.com>
Signed-off-by: Dave Hansen <dave.hansen@linux.intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Borislav Petkov <bp@suse.de>
Acked-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Acked-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: <stable@vger.kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200305174708.F77040DD@viggo.jf.intel.com
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [verygoodsecurity/starlarky](https://github.com/verygoodsecurity/starlarky)@[9d4ac63b28...](https://github.com/verygoodsecurity/starlarky/commit/9d4ac63b28b234a8ae43a45b5be042c1fbd82d90)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 18:09:24 by Mahmoud Abdelkader

Update Starlark to Tip (https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/commit/be96ade1cb6033d68d30ef9d20b063b87b86e646#diff-37cd73cae488b2421089c2b94c9a869cfb4a5f109753f60602b1dd20959bc573)

Changelog
for (Master)[https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazel/commit/be96ade1cb6033d68d30ef9d20b063b87b86e646#diff-37cd73cae488b2421089c2b94c9a869cfb4a5f109753f60602b1dd20959bc573]:

- Builtins injection: Rename _internal to _builtins and add functionality  …  This object is used in @_builtins .bzl files but is not accessible to user code. The `toplevel` and `native` fields give access to the *native* (pre-injected) values of symbols whose post-injected values are available to user .bzl files. For instance, -`_builtins.toplevel.CcInfo` in @_builtins code gives the original CcInfo definition from the Java code, even if `CcInfo` in a regular .bzl file refers to an injected value. (To avoid ambiguity, `CcInfo` itself is not a valid top-level symbol for @_builtins .bzl files.) The `internal` field contains any value registered via ConfiguredRuleClassProvider.Builder#addStarlarkBuiltinsInternal(). The `getFlag()` method can retrieve the values of StarlarkSemantics flags. Because of how flags are stored, it requires that a default value be given.
-  Starlark: better errors on integer overflow  …  Before:
```
>> [1] * (1 << 30) * (1 << 5)
Exception in thread "main" net.starlark.java.eval.Starlark$UncheckedEvalException: java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException: arraycopy: last destination index 1073741824 out of bounds for object array[0] (Starlark stack: [<toplevel>@<stdin>:1:1])
net.starlark.java.eval.Starlark.fastcall(Starlark.java:621)
net.starlark.java.eval.Starlark.execFileProgram(Starlark.java:892)
...
exit 1
```

Now:
```
>> [1] * (1 << 30) * (1 << 5) Traceback (most recent call last):
File "<stdin>", line 1, column 21, in <toplevel>
Error: got 34359738368 for repeat, want value in signed 32-bit range
```
-  starlark: int: ignore base prefix unless matches explicit base  …  Previously, when int was called with an explicit base, it would report an error if the digit string starts with a base prefix for a different base, such as int("0b101", 16). Now, it uses the base prefix only if it matches the requested base, so the example above would return 0x0b101, as would int("0x0b101", 16). See github.com/google/starlark-go/pull/344
-  starlark: delete StarlarkFile.parseWithPrelude  …  It was an obstacle to interpreter optimizations, as it caused a single StarlarkFile to contain statements whose locations come from different files. The previous workspace logic used parseWithPrelude to concatenate all the statements of the WORKSPACE files (prefix + main + suffix) and then split them into chunks, ignoring---crucially, several days work revealed---file boundaries. The splitChunks logic now achieves the same effect by representing chunks as lists of nonempty partial files, and calling execute() for each partial file in the chunk. The chunk splitting tests have been rewritten, clarified, and expanded to exercise the chunk-spans-file-boundaries case. Many thanks to Jon Brandvein for hours of help trying to figure out what the workspace logic does. It is not our team's finest work. Also: - minor consequent simplifications to parser and lexer. - narrow the scope of various try blocks (sorry, messy diff).
-  starlark: remove redundant pattern validity check in Printer  …
-  starlark: support %x, %X, and %o conversions in 'string % number'  …  Also, improve operand type error message to show type, not value. See github.com/bazelbuild/starlark/pull/154 for spec change.
-  Starlark: StarlarkInt.{floordiv,mod} now work with 64-bit integers  …  * No special case for 32-bit integers, division is slow anyway * Switch `mod` to use `Math.floorMod` for simplicity/safety Closes #12667.
-  starlark: delete deprecated EvalException(Location) constructor  …  ...as there are, at long last, no further uses within Bazel. Also, clarify doc comments regarding EvalException.callstack.
-  bazel analysis: preparatory cleanup to SRCTU error reporting  …  This change causes the error handling logic in StarlarkRuleConfiguredTargetUtil (SRCTU) to avoid the EvalException(Location) constructor. Instead, the auxiliary location, if any, of provider instantiation is simply prepended to the error message (see the infoError function) in anticipation of being printed after a newline. For example:  ERROR p/BUILD:1:1:\n  foo.bzl:1:2: <provider-related message> createTarget uses a distinct exception, BadImplementationFunction, for errors that arise not from the Starlark implementation function but from the post-processing of the providers. A follow-up change will replace this exception by directly reporting events to the handler, thus permitting both higher quality structured errors capable of reporting more than one relevant location, and multiple errors in a single pass. However, that change is too tricky to accomplish in this CL. Also: - move "advertised provider" and "orphaned file" checks into createTarget. - add comments to document this particularly painful code. - delete EvalException.getDeprecatedLocation.
-  Starlark: long StarlarkInt multiply without BigInteger  …  Use Hacker's Delight 8-2. Closes #12643.
-  bazel packages: use EventHandler not EvalException in .bzl "export" o…  …  …peration This allows us to delete one of the deprecated EvalException(Location,...) constructors. Similar follow-up changes (events not exceptions) will be required to eliminate the remaining such constructor. As a bonus, this approach allows multiple errors to be reported at once.

---
## [justingreenwood/greenwood-kids](https://github.com/justingreenwood/greenwood-kids)@[a38dd2d05b...](https://github.com/justingreenwood/greenwood-kids/commit/a38dd2d05b305a639c7fe9058df14a4d860d4876)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 18:22:05 by Perry Greenwood

Today's Work

I worked VERY hard, but my stupid brother refuses to assist me. I looked up some methods, and I did find things, but I couldn't figure out how to use them in this situation. I will have to annoy my poor father AGAIN.

---
## [LumberKing/Tianxia](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia)@[a4bfab0ced...](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia/commit/a4bfab0cedfcf6575c5d242d88161e13a4f0a554)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 18:27:00 by Silversweeper

Hwarang, Japanese history, bugfixes, balance [JYME]

- Made AI Permanent Regents unwilling to consider independence if offered the chance to become independent as a result of their liege dying when above the vassal limit.
- Added a bloodline for Taira no Kiyomori.
- Added missing T4 Hwarang powers (still WIP).
- Made the Minangkabau, Minahasan, Ryukyuan, Qiang, and Nakhi cultures feminist (meaning female rulers don't get opinion penalties by default).
- Lowered Amaterasu Descendant Shinto opinion to +5, bringing it in line with Saoshyant Descendant.
- Made AI Koreanic Buddhists unwilling to join the Buddhist MO if they can join the Hwarang.
- Added the historical_bloodline flag for all historical bloodlines (not counting Chinese Imperial ones as they're generic historical bloodlines).
- Restored "reformation_god_names_changes_effect = yes" for pagan reformations; it had accidentally been commented out.
- Updated scripted_triggers related to women holding certain minor titles slightly.
- Unreformed Tianxia pagans and the Shinto religion are now hard_to_convert = yes, seeing as they stuck arounnd until after the era.
- Updated the County progress file with the status in Africa, Ryukyu, Taiwan, Borneo, Sulawesi, Java, Champa, and Vietnam, plus partially in the Philippines.
- Lowered the chance of female AI-controlled characters joining the WotRS.
- The Master of the WotRS can now correctly get missions.
- Blocked Japanese, Yamato, and Wako characters from being Chinese Imperial if they're from the Tenno's dynasty or have the Tenno as a vassal even with looser culture checks.
- Added Hwarang refounding decision and bloodline.
- Added Hwarang events. Still need localization, proper event pictures, proper borders, Validator checking, testing, and bugfixing.
- Added Himiko and Iyo of Yamatai in northern Kyushu (historical Easter eggs well before 769).
- The Tenno should now correctly destroy secondary empires the moment he gets them (necessary to ensure no weirdness resulting in k_chrysanthemum_throne and e_japan splitting in an undesirable fashion).
- Fixed some checks for a characters simultaneously being Shinto and Japonic Buddhists, which of course is not possible.
- The leader of the Shogunate Faction can no longer demand that the Tenno ends a non-existing Shogunate.
- Hopefully fixed various usurpations of the Chrysanthemum Throne (needs further testing). The fix is slightly side-effecty, but we're working around hardcoded stupidity here...
- Improved minor title access slightly (e.g. Buddhists unlikely to have access to elephants can no longer name a Master of the Royal Elephants).
- Added a few missing characters related to existing characters in Japan.
- Added placeholders in Japan up to the end (mostly regents). Several provinces can definitely get proper holders in the future, but that's a later problem.
- Updated the list of Japanese clans to be added in the future. Most likely not final.

---
## [Calamity-Jaymi/sykartRedux](https://github.com/Calamity-Jaymi/sykartRedux)@[4b6cfac660...](https://github.com/Calamity-Jaymi/sykartRedux/commit/4b6cfac660067d2149fcd731bb116f25c68e85cf)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 18:54:29 by jaymi leigh

Add files via upload

I hate git and github so much. fuck this shit.

---
## [pytorch/pytorch](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)@[a1c67b0763...](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/commit/a1c67b0763cd95f37e02a67612ec37b4edb76adf)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 18:58:43 by Luca Wehrstedt

Silence harmless error logs of TensorPipe agent during shutdown (#51785)

Summary:
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/51785

The TensorPipe pipes do not really support a "graceful" shutdown: if one side is expecting data (i.e., it has scheduled a readDescriptor call) and the other side closes, the former will receive an error. Such an error will not even be predictable, as it depends on the backend: some may detect this and report it "well" (through an EOFError), others may not be able to tell this apart from a failure and report it as such.

This meant that during shutdown some of these errors would fire and thus the agent would log them as warning. We did add a note that these were expected under some conditions, so that users wouldn't be alarmed, but it was still a far-from-ideal experience.

In principle we could build a "protocol" on top of these pipes to "agree" on a graceful shutdown, and this was the plan to solve this. However, it was rather complicated to implement.

Here I am proposing a quicker, but perhaps hackier, solution, which re-uses the already existing graceful shutdown "protocol" of the agent (i.e., the `join` method) to put the agent in a special state in which it will silence all errors due to a remote shutting down.

Such a check cannot happen in the `shutdown` method, because that's also used in case of ungraceful shutdown (in which case I believe we'd still want to display errors). Since it needs to make sure that all participants have transitioned to this new state before any of them can continue (as otherwise one of them may close its pipes before another one has realized that this is now expected), we need to perform a barrier. Hence the ideal place for it is the `join` method, where we're already doing a lot of gang-wide synchronization. Since the `join` method isn't only called during shutdown, we need to make sure we only switch the agent to this state when it's the last call to join, and we do so by adding a new optional argument to it (which will be ignored by all agents except the TensorPipe one).

I realize this isn't the prettiest solution, and since it changes the agent's API it's worth discussing it carefully. Let me know what you think!
ghstack-source-id: 121131940

Test Plan: Run on CircleCI, where this occurred quite a bit, and check the logs.

Reviewed By: mrshenli

Differential Revision: D26276137

fbshipit-source-id: 69ef14fe10908e80e627d9b4505352e482089cc8

---
## [koreader/koreader](https://github.com/koreader/koreader)@[d8fc28df97...](https://github.com/koreader/koreader/commit/d8fc28df97385d4c4677e19470c32da8d5f930c2)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 19:06:44 by NiLuJe

Page Overlap: Fix rectangle computation and arrow mode (#7269)

* In ReaderPaging, the panning step pre-PanningUpdate can be wildly overshot near page edges, so, use the corrected value instead by recomputing it after the panning has been effectively computed by ReaderView.
This fixes slight inaccuracies, as well as glaring mistakes when going backwards, or when near page edges.
This is in line with how ReaderRolling computes the value, which I only realized later because I'm an idiot. 
* Minor cleanups around the handling of the dim_area Geom object in general.

* Fix the "Arrow" page overlap mode to be painted in the right coordinates when going backward. Issue might not have been terribly clear because of the previous issue ;).
* Center the arrow's point, while we're here.
* Don't use AlphaContainer to make it translucent, because AlphaContainer is horribly broken, and has weird quirks and behavior that make no sense to me unless some very specific and unlikely constraints are met, and they definitely aren't here.
This fixes the arrow copying an arrow-sized square of the original page the book was opened on on the top-left corner of *every* page with an arrow. (lol).
* Do real proper alpha-blending via Icon/ImageWidget from the original icon, instead of faking it via addBlitFrom, in order to avoid the dimming *around* the triangle's shape.

---
## [milanandreew/CS](https://github.com/milanandreew/CS)@[c58e0c177c...](https://github.com/milanandreew/CS/commit/c58e0c177c9ebc4ef9153b8a7ab43209abd33530)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 19:46:31 by Milan Andreew

Argghgh....

1) I hate myself
2) You can styck your fuckyng coordynate system up your arse, pyxel.

---
## [milanandreew/CS](https://github.com/milanandreew/CS)@[a092412a8a...](https://github.com/milanandreew/CS/commit/a092412a8a78b393b479aa01d4631db18fa5bf9f)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 20:06:02 by Milan Andreew

Changed variable names come back to haunt my dreams

I only changed them because of pep8! Why must you trouble me so, god!

---
## [Seirdy/moac](https://github.com/Seirdy/moac)@[493bbb9897...](https://github.com/Seirdy/moac/commit/493bbb9897af664e36cf2c7d0bfaa6c6c3fbc74a)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 20:25:26 by Rohan Kumar

Any socks I wear are, by defn., programming socks

An infinite number of mathematicians walk into a bar.

The first mathematician orders a beer.

The second orders half a beer.

"I don't serve half-beers" the bartender replies.

"Excuse me?" Asks mathematician #2.

"What kind of bar serves half-beers?" The bartender remarks. "That's
ridiculous."

"Oh c'mon" says mathematician #1 "do you know how hard it is to collect
an infinite number of us? Just play along".

"There are very strict laws on how I can serve drinks. I couldn't serve
you half a beer even if I wanted to."

"But that's not a problem" mathematician #3 chimes in "at the end of the
joke you serve us a whole number of beers. You see, when you take the
sum of a continuously halving function-"

"I know my limits" interjects the bartender.

"Oh, alright then. I didn't want to assume a bartender would be familiar
with such advanced mathematics".

"Are you kidding me?" The bartender replies, "you learn limits in like,
9th grade! What kind of mathematician thinks limits are advanced
mathematics?"

"HE'S ON TO US" mathematician #1 screeches

Simultaneously, every mathematician opens their mouth and out pours a
cloud of multicolored mosquitoes. Each mathematician is bellowing
insects of a different shade.

The mosquitoes form into a singular, polychromatic swarm. "FOOLS" it
booms in unison, "I WILL INFECT EVERY BEING ON THIS PATHETIC PLANET WITH
MALARIA"

The bartender stands fearless against the technicolor hoard. "But wait"
he inturrupts, thinking fast, "if you do that, politicians will use the
catastrophe as an excuse to implement free healthcare. Think of how much
that will hurt the taxpayers!"

The mosquitoes fall silent for a brief moment. "My God, you're right. We
didn't think about the economy! Very well, we will not attack this
dimension. FOR THE TAXPAYERS!" and with that, they vanish.

A nearby barfly stumbles over to the bartender. "How did you know that
that would work?"

"It's simple really" the bartender says. "I saw that the vectors formed
a gradient, and therefore must be conservative."

(from https://redd.it/91kpa0)

---
## [pyronode/pyronode](https://github.com/pyronode/pyronode)@[ca0e0da46a...](https://github.com/pyronode/pyronode/commit/ca0e0da46a550c323eb629f708f1690ce62c9614)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 20:57:21 by Pyronode

Delete anime-konosuba-god-s-blessing-on-this-wonderful-world-megumin-konosuba-wallpaper-preview.jpg

---
## [benetherington/anvil-runtime](https://github.com/benetherington/anvil-runtime)@[1a590cac11...](https://github.com/benetherington/anvil-runtime/commit/1a590cac116908f39f2c0f6d60866849ba8d925b)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-10 21:26:43 by benetherington

Add exception argument for Google integration

Hey, folks! Hope it's okay to send a quick PR like this instead of opening a forum post.

I just ran into a foolish situation. I had configured my Uplink code with my production key. When I tried to write some Uplink code to access my Google Drive, I wound up spending a good few minutes trying to figure out why the heck I could access the integration on the server, but not in Uplink. An exception argument like this would help other idiots in the future.

I'd also recommend doing the same for the other integrations.

Thanks! Love your product!

---

# [<](2021-02-09.md) 2021-02-10 [>](2021-02-11.md)

