# [<](2021-08-17.md) 2021-08-18 [>](2021-08-19.md)

2,954,119 events, 1,500,640 push events, 2,382,959 commit messages, 182,256,059 characters


## [bidahochi/FoxBlocks](https://github.com/bidahochi/FoxBlocks)@[f9fd4e3b4e...](https://github.com/bidahochi/FoxBlocks/commit/f9fd4e3b4eb165b78e9fd2de95e6e718b65026ae)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 00:35:36 by PeachMaster

Custom models

- Added TMT renderer
- Added proof of concept BreakerBox
(tbd. directional placing, that shit annoying as hell imma do it later)

---
## [jtwhite79/pyemu](https://github.com/jtwhite79/pyemu)@[8f386803e0...](https://github.com/jtwhite79/pyemu/commit/8f386803e08a2c674baa81d32b4114bbda990e3d)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 00:52:22 by Parallels

more fucking bullshit fixes for flopy changing and changing and changing.  Does no one believe backward compat?  Why do we nee to have PlotMapView that does exactly the same thing as ModelMap?  Why does modelgrid have use xcellcenters instead of xcentergrid?  Is one name cryptic name some how better than the other? what a giant pain the ass for anyone downstream

---
## [shakil1414/Messianic-Worship-Music](https://github.com/shakil1414/Messianic-Worship-Music)@[1fb5e77a6b...](https://github.com/shakil1414/Messianic-Worship-Music/commit/1fb5e77a6b727cbe52c433debb9bb431d005407a)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 03:18:57 by shakil1414

Messianic Worship Music

Artist Against Deception can be found on Spotify, i Tunes Amazon Spotify and Pandora Radio
all streaming platforms

an exciting live musical worship experience featuring many new and traditional Messianic songs. The album has been recorded at a sensational concert attended by Christians that traveled from around the globe to celebrate the Jewish holiday of the Tabernacle of Jerusalem. It features artists that have been leaders in the music industry, including John Williams and John Danks, as well as many others. This concert recording includes songs from "The Greatest Rescue"," shepherd's song", "Hear the Lamb's Singing"," glory", "God is my help", "The Halleluiah", "I am holy in his eyes", "The Temple".

---
## [ElliotFriend/furry-octo-spork](https://github.com/ElliotFriend/furry-octo-spork)@[e738026564...](https://github.com/ElliotFriend/furry-octo-spork/commit/e738026564670065b753db53f56910be4af5c2a2)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 03:26:21 by Elliot J. Voris

Getting things working pretty decently.

Thing's ugly as sin, but it's requesting/signing/receiving all the
necessary things, which I'm happy about.

I've also learned a shit-ton about JWT, so there's that...

Signed-off-by: Elliot J. Voris <elliot@voris.me>

---
## [k21971/EvilHack](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack)@[73c20d48a4...](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack/commit/73c20d48a4524a72ae7d7982d689fafe4fd11c1d)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 03:36:03 by k21971

Prevent healing magic abuse as Infidel w/o Amulet of Yendor.

If an Infidel drops the Amulet of Yendor, casting spells costs hit
points instead of power. The amount of hit points drained (5 for casting
healing, 15 for casting extra healing) was less than what each spell can
heal, opening up a way to abuse it. This commit prevents that by having
healing/extra healing drain much more hit points under the same
conditions vs other spells.

Drew some inspiration from SpliceHack and how it deals with this in
regards to blood magic (see git commit 8941d23), but I think the way
it's handled here is better.

---
## [derpguy125/dgs1ghm](https://github.com/derpguy125/dgs1ghm)@[7116100316...](https://github.com/derpguy125/dgs1ghm/commit/7116100316d0a1bc18e36691151f1dba87d01c47)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 03:46:32 by DG

DG now uses a custom jump sound because fuck you why not

:D

---
## [encryted-chap/PenisOS](https://github.com/encryted-chap/PenisOS)@[4ed56df1ca...](https://github.com/encryted-chap/PenisOS/commit/4ed56df1ca45ca3931ff865fcd322dad996f81ce)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 04:05:55 by encryted-chap

More work on the ATA driver, but it doesn't work (fuck you too qemu :D), starting work on the PCI driver

---
## [SantoshPattnaik/JavaScriptCourseByThapaTechnical](https://github.com/SantoshPattnaik/JavaScriptCourseByThapaTechnical)@[494659b606...](https://github.com/SantoshPattnaik/JavaScriptCourseByThapaTechnical/commit/494659b606f97990390e07b35807780c5549d33c)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 05:25:00 by SantoshPattnaik

I made some minor mistakes correct.

Love you brother

---
## [AOSP-Krypton/android_vendor_qcom_opensource_bluetooth_ext](https://github.com/AOSP-Krypton/android_vendor_qcom_opensource_bluetooth_ext)@[5b8ab66159...](https://github.com/AOSP-Krypton/android_vendor_qcom_opensource_bluetooth_ext/commit/5b8ab66159f8312696e1e5ef86beefffebd4c9ac)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 08:09:36 by jhonboy121

bluetooth_ext: Avrcp_ext: properly guard debug logs

* FUCK YOU CAF

Signed-off-by: jhonboy121 <alfredmathew05@gmail.com>

---
## [EbookFoundation/free-programming-books](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books)@[97016edd67...](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books/commit/97016edd6791285128758dd91904b343d1f3b0fd)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 12:39:54 by David Ordás

Add CodingFantasy's CSS coding interactive games (#5490)

* Add "Knights of the Flexbox table" game

Welcome to the Knights of the Flexbox table. A game where you can help Sir Frederic Flexbox and his friends to uncover the treasures hidden in the Tailwind CSS dungeons.
You can navigate the knight through the dungeon by changing his position within the dungeon using Flexbox and Tailwind CSS.

* Add "Flex Box Adventure" game

Once upon a time, there was a King Arthur. He ruled his kingdom fair and square. But Arthur had one problem. He was a very naive person. So one sunny day, three alchemist brothers offered Arthur to exchange all his Gold Coins for coins made of a more valuable new metal that they had invented - Bit Coins.

Arthur believed them and gave them all his gold. The brothers took the gold and promised to give the bit coins back to Arthur in seven days.

Seven days passed. The brothers have not turned up. Arthur realized he had been scammed. He is angry and intends to take revenge on them. Let's help him do it with our weapon – CSS Flex Box!

We made this game for You
1. You often stumble and try to figure out which combination of Flex Box properties makes the browser do what you want it to do.

2. You want to create complex web layouts without constantly looking at the web page after every Cmd/Ctrl+S press in the code editor.

3. You have tried to learn Flex Box with video tutorials and articles but still don't fully understand how some parts of it work.

4*. Or, if you are a master of CSS Flex Box, we have something interesting and for you too (read further).

Have you found yourself there? Then you definitely want to learn or improve your Flex Box skills. So we have good news for you, really good news...

Learn Flex Box by Playing Game
No more boring videos, tutorials and courses. Learn Flex Box in a completely new, fun, effective and revolutionary way. By playing Flex Box coding game!

* Add "Grid Attack" coding game

In an ancient Elvish prophecy, it was said that one day a man would be born with an incredible power that predicts the future – "Marketi Predictori." And another will come to take this power. But the years went by and nothing happened. Until one day, a little elf was born. He was named Luke.

From an early age, he surprised his parents and his sister Rey by guessing the price of apples at the farmer's market before they even reached it. Every year his power rose and his predictions became more and more accurate. But there was one thing Luke could not predict. The coming of the demon Valcorian. It was the one from the prophecy that was to come and take Luke's power. One day Valcorian and his army attacked the town where Luke had lived and kidnapped him to make a ritual of stealing his power.

Go on a dangerous quest with Luke's sister Rey and find her brother. Defeat Valcorian and all his demons using a secret weapon – CSS Grid.

We made this game for You?
1. You often stumble and try to figure out which combination of Grid properties makes the browser do what you want it to do.

2. You are scared by the number of properties a CSS Grid has, and you feel uncomfortable when you need to create a grid layout.

3. You want to create complex web layouts using Grid, but without constantly looking at the web page after every "Cmd/Ctrl+S" press in the code editor.

4. You have tried to learn CSS Grid with video tutorials and articles but still don't fully understand how some parts of it work.

5. You use a Flex Box where Grid is required because you don't feel confident in using it.

Have you found yourself there? Then you definitely want to learn or improve your Grid skills. So we have good news for you, really good news...

Learn Grid by Playing CSS Game
No more boring videos, courses and articles. Learn Grid in a revolutionary new, fun, and effective way. By playing a Grid coding game!

---
## [AndrewF001/Andrews_Program](https://github.com/AndrewF001/Andrews_Program)@[0cb7af48ed...](https://github.com/AndrewF001/Andrews_Program/commit/0cb7af48edc11632c65c8c1bf63404270afd8604)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 13:54:38 by AndrewF001

I HATE GIT!

Internet suggest using reset, when I really needed revert! fuck you google

---
## [concourse/concourse](https://github.com/concourse/concourse)@[e33004079e...](https://github.com/concourse/concourse/commit/e33004079e2c20dea8ac16a3234697727fb23d2d)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 14:06:13 by Clara Fu

B: generate static plans for image sub steps

[#6274]

This is a squashed commit that included a TON of commits so I'm sorry
for the terrible commit message!

Previously, we pushed the creation of image check and get plans into the
planner but did it through individual steps wrapped together through on
successes. This brought some complications such as needing to change how
it is rendered in the web UI and also made it difficult to read the build
plan. This commit keeps the creation of the image check and gets in the
planner but rather than running them separately and tieing the step and
it's image check/get through the ImageFrom field, we inline the image
plans directly in the step itself. Because of this, all FetchImage
within each step that needs an image only needs to run the
preconstructed plan and retrieve the results from the run state.

There will be an ImageGetPlan and ImageCheckPlan added to each step plan
that requires an image. Each step will run these constructed plans,
similar to how it works now but only difference is it no longer needs to
create the plans.

The logic for the current FetchImage needs to be moved into the task
step since it still needs to create substeps for dynamically fetched
task configs.

Image check steps store versions in the runstate, which is then grabbed
by the get step and used. We modified the version grabbed from the get
step to not be specific to the put step, since we are now using it for
check steps as well. The planID specified by ImageSpecFrom actually
stored more results than just the ImageSpec, so let's make the name more
accurate.

The Check step stored just the version, but the Put step stored the
version and the metadata. We couldn't find a use for the
`VersionResult.Metadata` anywhere so let's only store the Version
instead

- add test coverage, most of the image spec generation logic will be
tested in the get step tests
- it would be painful to maintain different codepaths for when the
task config is known vs when it's dynamically fetched

TODO:
- pass the varsourceconfig through the scheduler into the build plan
- figure out why we're storing runtime.VersionResult, do we actually use
the VersionResult.Metadata in any subsequent operations?
- Because we removed generating new scopes in FetchImage, it's now
possible for artifacts generated by get step to collide with image get
steps. The solution we're thinking of is to split the artifact
repositories into 3, resource, resourceType, and anonymousResource. This
way we can rely on the guarantees provided by ConfigValidate (i.e. no
duplicate resource or resourceType names) and flatten the run state
without worrying about if a get for a resource type named "foo" will
collide with a resource named "foo".

Signed-off-by: Clara Fu <cfu@pivotal.io>
Co-authored-by: Bohan Chen <bochen@pivotal.io>
Co-authored-by: Esteban Foronda <eforonda@vmware.com>
Co-authored-by: Aidan Oldershaw <aoldershaw@pivotal.io>

[#6274]

---
## [takahashikazunari001/soda](https://github.com/takahashikazunari001/soda)@[a73e81a736...](https://github.com/takahashikazunari001/soda/commit/a73e81a7364a4332bfb4d99a31c03b11b868fa27)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 14:28:57 by takahashikazunari

Update index.html

<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><meta charSet="utf-8"/><meta http-equiv="x-ua-compatible" content="ie=edge"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, shrink-to-fit=no"/><style data-href="/styles.57549d926a8ce7aa67e3.css">body,html{margin:0;padding:0}*{margin-top:0}body.light{--primary-color:#381696;--primary-text-color:#fff;--featured-bg:#493b8a;--secondary-color:#10072b;--background:#fff;--card-bg:#fff;--card-bdr:#eee;--card-shadow:#d5d5d5;--contact-bg:#f7f8fe;--contact-bdr:#d3d6e7;--input-bg:var(--background)}body.dark,body.light{--featured-text:#fff;--site-header:var(--background);--btn-bg:var(--background);--btn-bdr:#d3d6e7;--btn-text-color:#868892;--btn-hover-bg:var(--btn-bdr);--btn-hover-text-color:#00062b}body.dark{--primary-color:#9984d5;--primary-text-color:#fff;--featured-bg:#66578d;--secondary-color:#66578d;--background:#0a041a;--text-color:hsla(0,0%,100%,0.88);--text-secondary-color:hsla(0,0%,100%,0.66);--card-bg:#181326;--card-bdr:#181326;--card-shadow:#020204;--contact-bg:var(--card-shadow);--contact-bdr:var(--card-bg);--input-bg:var(--card-bg)}body{font-family:-apple-system,BlinkMacSystemFont,Segoe UI,Roboto,Oxygen-Sans,Ubuntu,Cantarell,Helvetica Neue,sans-serif;border-top:10px solid var(--primary-color);background-color:var(--background);color:var(--text-color)}a{color:var(--primary-color);text-decoration:none}a:hover{text-decoration:underline}.site-wrapper{padding:32px;max-width:1140px;margin:0 auto}.site-wrapper img{max-width:100%}.navigation{display:flex;align-items:center;font-weight:300}.navigation a{color:#888;text-decoration:none;margin:0 8px}.navigation a[aria-current]{color:var(--primary-color);font-weight:700}.navigation a:hover{color:var(--primary-color)}.navigation a:last-child{margin-right:0}.site-header{display:flex;justify-content:space-between;padding:20px 0;background:var(--site-header);margin-bottom:32px;align-items:center}.site-title a{color:var(--primary-color);text-decoration:none;font-weight:900;text-transform:uppercase}.hero-header{padding:0 0 64px;max-width:980px}.headline{font-size:36px;font-weight:900;margin-bottom:.5rem}.button{padding:18px 27px;display:inline-block;background:var(--btn-bg);border:1px solid var(--btn-bdr);border-radius:9px;text-decoration:none;color:var(--btn-text-color);font-size:16px;font-weight:400;margin:0 20px 0 0;transition:background-color .3s linear}.button.-primary{background-color:var(--primary-color);border-color:var(--primary-color);color:var(--primary-text-color)}.button.-primary:hover{background-color:var(--secondary-color);color:var(--primary-text-color);text-decoration:none}.button:hover{background-color:var(--btn-hover-bg);color:var(--btn-hover-text-color)}.primary-content{font-size:18px;margin-bottom:32px;line-height:1.5;font-weight:300}.post{padding:0;background:var(--background);color:var(--text-color);line-height:1.5}.post>.blog-post-content{max-width:768px;margin:0 auto}.post>.blog-post-content :last-child,.post>:last-child{margin-bottom:0}.post .post-title{text-align:center;margin:0 0 .5rem;line-height:1.3;font-size:2rem}.post .post-meta{margin-bottom:32px;text-align:center}.post-thumbnail{text-align:center;min-height:380px;background-color:var(--featured-bg);background-repeat:no-repeat;background-size:cover;background-position:50%;border-radius:18px;margin-bottom:36px;color:var(--featured-text);display:grid;align-content:center;position:relative;padding:18px;overflow:hidden}.post-thumbnail:before{content:"";background:rgba(0,0,0,.4);position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;z-index:1}.post-thumbnail>*{position:relative;z-index:2}.post-thumbnail .post-meta{color:hsla(0,0%,100%,.8);margin-bottom:0}.grids{display:grid;grid-template-columns:1fr;grid-gap:32px;margin-top:32px}.card{display:grid;background-color:var(--card-bg);border-radius:9px;border:1px solid var(--card-bdr);box-shadow:0 0 30px var(--card-shadow);overflow:hidden;line-height:1.5}.card:hover .post-link{color:var(--primary-color)}.card>a img{display:block}.card>header{padding:24px}.card>h2:first-child{margin:0 0 .5rem}.card .post-title{font-size:1.2rem;margin-bottom:.3rem}.card .post-meta{font-weight:100;margin-bottom:0}.card .post-link{color:var(--text-color);text-decoration:none}.post-meta{font-size:.8rem;color:var(--text-secondary-color)}.site-footer{text-align:center;margin:90px 0 16px;color:#666}.site-footer a{font-weight:700}.form-container{background-color:var(--contact-bg);padding:32px;border:1px solid var(--contact-bdr);border-radius:9px}.form-container label{display:block;margin-bottom:.5rem;color:var(--text-secondary-color)}.form-container input[type=email],.form-container input[type=text],.form-container textarea{-webkit-appearance:none;-moz-appearance:none;appearance:none;border:1px solid var(--card-shadow);color:var(--text-secondary-color);border-radius:6px;line-height:32px;padding:6px 12px;width:calc(100% - 24px);margin-bottom:1.5rem;background-color:var(--input-bg);font-family:-apple-system,BlinkMacSystemFont,Segoe UI,Roboto,Oxygen-Sans,Ubuntu,Cantarell,Helvetica Neue,sans-serif}.form-container textarea{margin-bottom:2rem;height:150px}.two-grids{display:grid;grid-gap:32px}.two-grids.-contact .post-thumbnail{min-height:240px!important}@media only screen and (min-width:768px){.grids{grid-template-columns:1fr 1fr}}@media only screen and (min-width:1024px){.grids{grid-template-columns:1fr 1fr 1fr}.two-grids{display:grid;grid-template-columns:1fr 1fr;grid-gap:64px}}.theme-changer,body.dark .gg-moon,body.light .gg-sun{display:none}.mode-container{width:24px;height:24px;margin-left:20px}.gg-sun{position:relative;transform:scale(var(--ggs,1));height:24px;background:linear-gradient(180deg,currentColor 4px,transparent 0) no-repeat 5px -6px/2px 6px,linear-gradient(180deg,currentColor 4px,transparent 0) no-repeat 5px 14px/2px 6px,linear-gradient(180deg,currentColor 4px,transparent 0) no-repeat -8px 5px/6px 2px,linear-gradient(180deg,currentColor 4px,transparent 0) no-repeat 14px 5px/6px 2px;border-radius:100px;box-shadow:inset 0 0 0 2px;border:6px solid transparent}.gg-sun,.gg-sun:after,.gg-sun:before{box-sizing:border-box;display:block;width:24px}.gg-sun:after,.gg-sun:before{content:"";position:absolute;height:2px;border-right:4px solid;border-left:4px solid;left:-6px;top:5px}.gg-sun:before{transform:rotate(-45deg)}.gg-sun:after{transform:rotate(45deg)}.gg-moon,.gg-moon:after{display:block;box-sizing:border-box;border-radius:50%}.gg-moon{overflow:hidden;position:relative;transform:rotate(-135deg) scale(var(--ggs,1));width:20px;height:20px;border:2px solid;border-bottom:2px solid transparent}.gg-moon:after{content:"";position:absolute;width:12px;height:18px;border:2px solid transparent;box-shadow:0 0 0 2px;top:8px;left:2px}code[class*=language-],pre[class*=language-]{color:#f8f8f2;background:none;text-shadow:0 1px rgba(0,0,0,.3);font-family:Consolas,Monaco,Andale Mono,Ubuntu Mono,monospace;font-size:1em;text-align:left;white-space:pre;word-spacing:normal;word-break:normal;word-wrap:normal;line-height:1.5;-moz-tab-size:4;-o-tab-size:4;tab-size:4;-webkit-hyphens:none;-ms-hyphens:none;hyphens:none}pre[class*=language-]{padding:1em;margin:.5em 0;overflow:auto;border-radius:.3em}:not(pre)>code[class*=language-],pre[class*=language-]{background:#272822}:not(pre)>code[class*=language-]{padding:.1em;border-radius:.3em;white-space:normal}.token.cdata,.token.comment,.token.doctype,.token.prolog{color:#708090}.token.punctuation{color:#f8f8f2}.token.namespace{opacity:.7}.token.constant,.token.deleted,.token.property,.token.symbol,.token.tag{color:#f92672}.token.boolean,.token.number{color:#ae81ff}.token.attr-name,.token.builtin,.token.char,.token.inserted,.token.selector,.token.string{color:#a6e22e}.language-css .token.string,.style .token.string,.token.entity,.token.operator,.token.url,.token.variable{color:#f8f8f2}.token.atrule,.token.attr-value,.token.class-name,.token.function{color:#e6db74}.token.keyword{color:#66d9ef}.token.important,.token.regex{color:#fd971f}.token.bold,.token.important{font-weight:700}.token.italic{font-style:italic}.token.entity{cursor:help}</style><meta name="generator" content="Gatsby 2.21.0"/><link rel="preconnect dns-prefetch" href="https://www.google-analytics.com"/><script>
  
  
  if(true) {
    (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
    (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
    m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
    })(window,document,'script','https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
  }
  if (typeof ga === "function") {
    ga('create', 'UA-164743872-1', 'auto', {});
      
      
      
      
      
      }</script><link rel="icon" href="/favicon-32x32.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="manifest" href="/manifest.webmanifest"/><meta name="theme-color" content="#381696"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="48x48" href="/icons/icon-48x48.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="72x72" href="/icons/icon-72x72.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="96x96" href="/icons/icon-96x96.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="144x144" href="/icons/icon-144x144.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="192x192" href="/icons/icon-192x192.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="256x256" href="/icons/icon-256x256.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="384x384" href="/icons/icon-384x384.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><link rel="apple-touch-icon" sizes="512x512" href="/icons/icon-512x512.png?v=b0cc45383cacdbc84194dc3d1d7b805a"/><title data-react-helmet="true">Delog</title><meta data-react-helmet="true" name="description" content="Delog, a GatsbyJS and Netlify CMS starter for Designers and Developers"/><link rel="sitemap" type="application/xml" href="/sitemap.xml"/><link as="script" rel="preload" href="/webpack-runtime-00027729dae4158d854c.js"/><link as="script" rel="preload" href="/framework-82cb02c7461ef249f4f8.js"/><link as="script" rel="preload" href="/532a2f07-4b81c8a9332f9eace879.js"/><link as="script" rel="preload" href="/app-54fecabc6991d769a4ea.js"/><link as="script" rel="preload" href="/styles-b8a088968a9324807caf.js"/><link as="script" rel="preload" href="/b34906bb45276341108473925e234e3fd24b49e8-474b6d8a238d9f37df46.js"/><link as="script" rel="preload" href="/component---src-pages-index-js-d268301e8ef4f9cbece6.js"/><link as="fetch" rel="preload" href="/page-data\index\page-data.json" crossorigin="anonymous"/><link as="fetch" rel="preload" href="/page-data\app-data.json" crossorigin="anonymous"/></head><body><script>
void function() {
  window.__onThemeChange = function() {}

  var preferredTheme
  try {
    preferredTheme = localStorage.getItem('theme')
  } catch (err) { }

  function setTheme(newTheme) {
    if (preferredTheme && document.body.classList.contains(preferredTheme)) {
      document.body.classList.replace(preferredTheme, newTheme)
    } else {
      document.body.classList.add(newTheme)
    }

    window.__theme = newTheme
    preferredTheme = newTheme
    window.__onThemeChange(newTheme)
  }

  window.__setPreferredTheme = function(newTheme) {
    setTheme(newTheme)
    try {
      localStorage.setItem('theme', newTheme)
    } catch (err) {}
  }

  var darkQuery = window.matchMedia('(prefers-color-scheme: dark)')
  darkQuery.addListener(function(e) {
    window.__setPreferredTheme(e.matches ? 'dark' : 'light')
  })

  setTheme(preferredTheme || (darkQuery.matches ? 'dark' : 'light'))
}()
    </script><div id="___gatsby"><div style="outline:none" tabindex="-1" id="gatsby-focus-wrapper"><div class="site-wrapper"><header class="site-header"><div class="site-title"><a aria-current="page" class="" href="/">Delog</a></div><nav class="navigation"><a href="/contact">Contact</a><label><input type="checkbox" class="theme-changer"/> <div class="mode-container"><i class="gg-sun"></i><i class="gg-moon"></i></div></label></nav></header><div class="hero-header"><div class="headline">Hi! I&#x27;m Delog</div><div class="primary-content">I have been specifically designed to become a digital home for designers and developers, help them build amazing professional looking websites with ease. You don't have to worry about nitty gritty of web hosting services to run a blog and yet take full advantage of CMS to manage content :)</div><a class="button -primary" href="/contact">Get in touch →</a></div><h2>Blog Posts ↓</h2><div class="grids"><article class="card "><a href="/2021-08-17/rails.html"></a><header><h2 class="post-title"><a class="post-link" href="/2021-08-17/rails.html">rails</a></h2><div class="post-meta">August 17, 2021</div></header></article><article class="card "><a href="/2021-08-14/mail.html"></a><header><h2 class="post-title"><a class="post-link" href="/2021-08-14/mail.html">メール自動作成(ローカル)</a></h2><div class="post-meta">August 14, 2021</div></header></article><article class="card "><a href="/2021-08-05/food.html"></a><header><h2 class="post-title"><a class="post-link" href="/2021-08-05/food.html">食品について</a></h2><div class="post-meta">August 05, 2021</div></header></article><article class="card "><a href="/2021-08-03/caffeine.html"></a><header><h2 class="post-title"><a class="post-link" href="/2021-08-03/caffeine.html">カフェインについて</a></h2><div class="post-meta">August 03, 2021</div></header></article><article class="card "><a href="/2021-07-27/cellphone.html"></a><header><h2 class="post-title"><a class="post-link" href="/2021-07-27/cellphone.html">携帯電話比較</a></h2><div class="post-meta">July 27, 2021</div></header></article><article class="card "><a href="/hello-world"></a><header><h2 class="post-title"><a class="post-link" href="/hello-world">Hello World</a></h2><div class="post-meta">February 20, 2020</div></header></article></div><footer class="site-footer"><p>© <!-- -->2021<!-- --> Delog • Crafted with <span role="img" aria-label="love">❤️</span> by <a href="https://w3layouts.com">W3Layouts</a></p></footer></div></div><div id="gatsby-announcer" style="position:absolute;top:0;width:1px;height:1px;padding:0;overflow:hidden;clip:rect(0, 0, 0, 0);white-space:nowrap;border:0" aria-live="assertive" aria-atomic="true"></div></div><script id="gatsby-script-loader">/*<![CDATA[*/window.pagePath="/";/*]]>*/</script><script id="gatsby-chunk-mapping">/*<![CDATA[*/window.___chunkMapping={"app":["/app-54fecabc6991d769a4ea.js"],"component---cache-caches-gatsby-plugin-offline-app-shell-js":["/component---cache-caches-gatsby-plugin-offline-app-shell-js-f43775200c27a0bf4ae1.js"],"component---src-pages-404-js":["/component---src-pages-404-js-e23b2f8df8c57dff18b8.js"],"component---src-pages-contact-js":["/component---src-pages-contact-js-980e7d77a766b61f850d.js"],"component---src-pages-index-js":["/component---src-pages-index-js-d268301e8ef4f9cbece6.js"],"component---src-templates-blog-template-js":["/component---src-templates-blog-template-js-b176f0b3b6ca3aa5087e.js"]};/*]]>*/</script><script src="/component---src-pages-index-js-d268301e8ef4f9cbece6.js" async=""></script><script src="/b34906bb45276341108473925e234e3fd24b49e8-474b6d8a238d9f37df46.js" async=""></script><script src="/styles-b8a088968a9324807caf.js" async=""></script><script src="/app-54fecabc6991d769a4ea.js" async=""></script><script src="/532a2f07-4b81c8a9332f9eace879.js" async=""></script><script src="/framework-82cb02c7461ef249f4f8.js" async=""></script><script src="/webpack-runtime-00027729dae4158d854c.js" async=""></script></body></html>

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[281fa75571...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/281fa755719aadf17998dd2683f7db32c5f5d57c)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 18:36:14 by gagan sidhu

update to 47206 (fixes mac filtering). go redskins

- only putting this out there since it fixes a bug for a feature some
  people may use.

  Cartman:
	Fuck you! Fuck you, everyone. Yes, fuck you all, thanks!
        [the cheering and applause die down] How do you stay relevant
        in a volatile marketplace? As you know, our goal at Washington
        Redskins is to not do anything, and make money not doing it.
  Kyle:
	[joins Cartman onstage] When Kickstarter went down, many saw
        their startup projects die, but here at Washington Redskins,
        we saw opportunity. People still need a way to raise money for
        their stupid startup projects, and with the Redskins you can
        now go fund yourself.
        [The modified Redskin logo fades to a single line saying
        "GO FUND YOURSELF"]
        And the idea is simple. You, the people, go out and raise all
        your own money, and give the Washington Redskins 5%.
  Cartman:
	You will literally be giving us money for doing absolutely nothing.
        It is the biggest "fuck you" we have ever come up with. But we
        didn't stop there, because a new company direction also means,
        of course, a new and improved logo.
        [The neo logo comes up - it's two of the old logo, with titties
        and balls and penises, one taking the other from behind. This
        receives cheers and applause]
  Cartman and Kyle:
	Go Redskins!

---
## [gideon525/Business-Location](https://github.com/gideon525/Business-Location)@[fe7b97cc10...](https://github.com/gideon525/Business-Location/commit/fe7b97cc103898cf57d60d6ca890e233391041eb)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 18:45:05 by gideon525

Update README.md

Siting the Best location for an African Restaurant in Houston, Texas.
Abunuma Gideon
August, 2021

1.	INTRODUCTION
1.1	Background
John and Mary, an immigrant couple from the West African country of Nigeria arrived in the United State last April and are settled in the city of Houston, Texas. Whenever they travel around the city in buses and trains, they notice other passengers of color who were likely of African origin.  Also, at public places, such as parks, clubs and churches, John and Mary encountered people of African descent. Their observation of such high number of peoples from their common African culture got them thinking that they could use this peculiar human resource to further their economic interest and start a business in Houston similar to the one they had back home while living in Lagos, Nigeria: An African Restaurant. 
1.2	Problem
Among the many challenges John and Mary expect to face while setting up their business is the decision to select a location to site their proposed restaurant location. To help resolve this problem they have contacted their friend, Peter, who is a data scientist to help the use location data to find the main areas of Houston Texas where people from African origin live and work. These people will represent the bulk of their customers and patrons for their proposed restaurant. Peter will attempt to use foursquare location data to identify the demographics of the Houston area and to find the appropriate location of the proposed John and Mary restaurant to serve the people of African origins in the Houston area of Texas.
1.3	Interest
Besides John and Mary, other persons such as tourists and business patrons are also interested in using location data to find business places relevant to their passion and interests such as the African restaurant which John and Mary desire to build.
2.	Data Acquisition and Cleaning
The demographic data of the Houston area of Texas can be found from the U.S Census 2020 data which is replicated in the foursquare application.  The dataset shows the ethnic representations of people living in Houston such as Hispanics, Asian-Americans, whites and people of African descent in terms of their geographical spread and concentration. The purpose of the cleaning process will be to isolate the Houston areas which have a decent majority of people of African descent. This data processing and analysis will help to effectively locate the proposed African restaurant
3.	Exploratory Data Analysis
Further data analysis of the data involves the disaggregation of the data to identify possible patrons of African cuisine. This is done by the conduction of survey in the geographical area among respondents and residents to get an idea of the number of persons that will be open to buying African foods.
4.	Conclusion
In this study, we analysed demographic and location data to identify the best possible locations to site an African restaurant. The final decision is arrived at based on the concurrent proportional relationship in the number of people of African descent living in proximity to the proposed African restaurant and the population of other respondents and residents who are willing to try out, and for African Foods.

---
## [facebook/pyre-check](https://github.com/facebook/pyre-check)@[52d11736dd...](https://github.com/facebook/pyre-check/commit/52d11736dd97945f0e93c42f98bc25903d54ee60)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 18:53:20 by Shannon Zhu

Store temporary local annotations in resolution

Summary:
More detailed discussion about allowing refinement to stick if there are no interleaving calls: https://fb.workplace.com/groups/657557118131740/permalink/907322746488508/

I'd like to get some input on a few different ways we could store "temporary" annotation information, ie., local type annotations that we know but want to be able to wipe away the next time we see any call.

There are a few layers where this might live.

1. Inside typecheck.ml as a new field in `State.t`
2. Inside resolution.ml as a new field in `t`.
3. Inside `annotation_store`, a field of `Resolution.t` - so instead of keeping one `RefinementUnit.t Reference.Map.t`, we'd keep around two of these.
4. Inside RefinementUnit.t as a flag on each base annotation
5. Inside Annotation.t as a new flag on immutable annotations.

I believe that #1 and #2 are too high level - we treat `annotation_store` as capturing all of the local type information at any state during type checking, and it seems messy to spill local typing information outside of this object. I could see this leading to bugs where we aren't joining everything necessary or remembering to check in two places for relevant local type info.

I believe #5 is considerable but potentially so low-level that it introduces too many headaches having to match out this extra complexity every time we deal with a basic annotation object.

I think #3 and #4 are the best potential options, and this diff sketches #3. Some tradeoffs:

#3 Pros/Cons:
(+) `annotation_store` still contains the full world local type information
(-) duplicate information needs to be stored. ie., if you have `a.b.c` as a temporary refinement, whereas `a.b` is a non-temporary local known type, you'll have an entry in both tables with the same refinement unit structure, just with the temporary table going a layer deeper. Any time the annotation store changes you'd want to wipe the corresponding entry in the temporary annotation store
(+) invalidating the whole thing is constant time - you can just set the temporary map to empty

#4 Pros/Cons:
(+) no data duplication
(+) simpler interface for `resolution.ml` - the most you'll need to expose is a flag on `set_local` on whether or not the set we're doing is a temporary refinement
(-) really expensive to invalidate, which honestly will be the overwhelming bulk of the operations done against this data store. We'll invalidate on every single call. As a result, I think the only way this is tenable is to add some kind of unfortunate extra complexity to make invalidation constant time, such as keeping a "validation counter" that ticks up by 1 when we want to invalidate, and keeping the "is_temporary" flag as an int instead of a bool. When we do the read, we can check whether the temporary data is still valid or not. I think this complexity makes this option a lot less appealing.

Thoughts on what the best option is? Is there a good model for this I didn't think of? Thanks in advance!

Reviewed By: grievejia

Differential Revision: D30351486

fbshipit-source-id: c25ae7bc663e625f5d7cfb84ad226d0456359cf8

---
## [torvalds/linux](https://github.com/torvalds/linux)@[3b844826b6...](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/3b844826b6c6affa80755254da322b017358a2f4)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 19:11:41 by Linus Torvalds

pipe: avoid unnecessary EPOLLET wakeups under normal loads

I had forgotten just how sensitive hackbench is to extra pipe wakeups,
and commit 3a34b13a88ca ("pipe: make pipe writes always wake up
readers") ended up causing a quite noticeable regression on larger
machines.

Now, hackbench isn't necessarily a hugely meaningful benchmark, and it's
not clear that this matters in real life all that much, but as Mel
points out, it's used often enough when comparing kernels and so the
performance regression shows up like a sore thumb.

It's easy enough to fix at least for the common cases where pipes are
used purely for data transfer, and you never have any exciting poll
usage at all.  So set a special 'poll_usage' flag when there is polling
activity, and make the ugly "EPOLLET has crazy legacy expectations"
semantics explicit to only that case.

I would love to limit it to just the broken EPOLLET case, but the pipe
code can't see the difference between epoll and regular select/poll, so
any non-read/write waiting will trigger the extra wakeup behavior.  That
is sufficient for at least the hackbench case.

Apart from making the odd extra wakeup cases more explicitly about
EPOLLET, this also makes the extra wakeup be at the _end_ of the pipe
write, not at the first write chunk.  That is actually much saner
semantics (as much as you can call any of the legacy edge-triggered
expectations for EPOLLET "sane") since it means that you know the wakeup
will happen once the write is done, rather than possibly in the middle
of one.

[ For stable people: I'm putting a "Fixes" tag on this, but I leave it
  up to you to decide whether you actually want to backport it or not.
  It likely has no impact outside of synthetic benchmarks  - Linus ]

Link: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210802024945.GA8372@xsang-OptiPlex-9020/
Fixes: 3a34b13a88ca ("pipe: make pipe writes always wake up readers")
Reported-by: kernel test robot <oliver.sang@intel.com>
Tested-by: Sandeep Patil <sspatil@android.com>
Tested-by: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [shalomcem/https-truelovec.github.io-My_great_App.](https://github.com/shalomcem/https-truelovec.github.io-My_great_App.)@[05b368f866...](https://github.com/shalomcem/https-truelovec.github.io-My_great_App./commit/05b368f866f91459e12870f29009eb57b5631d80)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 19:58:29 by shalomcem

what is T L C

True love club, it's a social service of Shalom Center Ministry called to be holistic on its function. our mission to show and teaching the love of God no matter who you are, where you are on life's journey, you are welcome to true love club .T.L.C now as a project App Call TLC app  we looking for anyone helping us build the this app, we solely nonprofit  we need your help to finish this project  , So you reach TLC on site www,truelovec.com

---
## [apache/arrow](https://github.com/apache/arrow)@[72552be99f...](https://github.com/apache/arrow/commit/72552be99f4cb3d8b3532b7683a0b511bff01f6a)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 20:16:16 by Kevin Gurney

ARROW-13202: [MATLAB] Enable GitHub Actions CI for MATLAB Interface on Linux

## Overview

This Pull Request:

1. Enables building of the MATLAB Interface C++ code, running of the C++ tests, and running of the MATLAB tests using GitHub Actions on an `ubuntu-latest` VM.

## Implementation

This implementation uses [`matlab-actions`](https://github.com/matlab-actions) to automatically install MATLAB into a GitHub Actions Linux VM.

We used the other `ci/scripts/<lang>_build.sh` scripts as inspiration for `matlab_build.sh`. Essentially, `matlab_build.sh` just invokes CMake, followed by CTest, to build and run the MATLAB Interface C++ source and tests. It also automatically builds the C++ Arrow libraries (i.e. `libarrow.so`) in the process. Support for automatically building `libarrow.so` as part of the MATLAB CMake build was added in https://github.com/apache/arrow/pull/10614.

We realize that many of the other Arrow language bindings use Docker for their CI workflows on Linux. However, [`matlab-actions/setup-matlab`](https://github.com/matlab-actions/setup-matlab) does not currently support installing MATLAB into Docker containers in GitHub Actions, so we used a "bare" Linux VM-based approach.

## Testing

1. The GitHub Actions workflows pass successfully with no errors.
2. All C++ test results and MATLAB test results can be viewed in the the workflow logs.
3. We made code changes that caused C++ and MATLAB test failures and were able to verify that the GitHub Actions workflow failed as a result.

## Future Directions

1. Enable support for macOS and Windows. [`matlab-actions/setup-matlab`](https://github.com/matlab-actions/setup-matlab) only supports Linux-based VMs in GitHub Actions right now. However, we have a strong desire to support all major platforms for CI in the future. Hopefully, Linux CI support should hold us over until we can add support for other platforms.
2. Enable Docker-based builds for greater control over dependencies and build environment. We also recognize the benefits of developers being able to run CI workflows in local Docker containers for pre-qualification. [`matlab-actions/setup-matlab`](https://github.com/matlab-actions/setup-matlab) does not currently support installing MATLAB into GitHub Actions hosted Docker containers.
3. Reduce overall build time by separating out building of the Arrow C++ libraries from building of the MATLAB interface. This would also enable us to avoid running all of the C++ library tests unnecessarily during the MATLAB build by building GoogleTest separately.

## Notes

This was a Team effort! Several MathWorkers played important roles in getting this working!

1. @sreeharihegden did the **vast majority** of the groundwork to get this working! He's away for a while, so @sgilmore10 and I took over in his absence. Thank you for all of your hard work, Sreehari! **I think @sreeharihegden's commits are not getting properly associated with his GitHub account. I would greatly appreciate it if whoever ends up integrating these changes after review can ensure that his name is properly added as a Co-author for this pull request. Thank you!**

2. @sgilmore10 worked directly with me to get this working! Thank you, Sarah!
3. @lafiona also helped me out a great deal to understand GitHub Actions and nail down the exact source of the build issues we were encountering. Thank you, Fiona!

Closes #10932 from kevingurney/ARROW-13202

Lead-authored-by: Kevin Gurney <kgurney@mathworks.com>
Co-authored-by: sgilmore <sgilmore@mathworks.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gurney <5904145+kevingurney@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: shegden <shegden@mathworks.com>
Signed-off-by: Sutou Kouhei <kou@clear-code.com>

---
## [Arebiter/W2D3_projects](https://github.com/Arebiter/W2D3_projects)@[b85f8bd1d7...](https://github.com/Arebiter/W2D3_projects/commit/b85f8bd1d7b481156b69b7ce373e773efe339801)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 21:17:34 by Arebiter

finished mastermind, started battleship, hate my life

---
## [rorydale/pointbreakradio](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio)@[f1e5949d89...](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio/commit/f1e5949d8986ba4755adb903f5c90aaac604e46b)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 22:20:11 by Rory Dale

2021-08-18

Wednesday, August 18th, 2021 - the UK top ten singles throughout 1985 show! A chronological deeper dive into some of the music that made 1985 sound like 1985. I was 5, and was just starting to LOVE music. I remember many of these from that time, and have purposefully skipped some of the more obvious or overplayed ones, in favour of the sounds that reside in the darkest depths of your subconscious ear. "If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour... you're going to *hear some serious shit!"

---
## [brewingcode/css-grep](https://github.com/brewingcode/css-grep)@[918543cce1...](https://github.com/brewingcode/css-grep/commit/918543cce1fc0070ae7a404bc4823e5cb9c2192e)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 22:46:58 by Alex

add jira-rm-column

To nobody's surprise, Jira's issue view on atlassian.net sucks ass. This
extension remoes the totally useless right-side column, so that you can
actually fucking read the content in the left-side column.

---
## [zaataylor/poetry](https://github.com/zaataylor/poetry)@[b46f0ca102...](https://github.com/zaataylor/poetry/commit/b46f0ca1028cc0600da6cded04257a09ce733574)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-18 22:48:11 by Zachary A. Taylor

Add "Edification"

This poem is a product of things that have been on my mind a lot lately, notably climbing (and exercise in general), the notion of salvation espoused by Christianity, and the idea of self-improvement.

I find a great deal of enjoyment in physical exertion. It enables me to sleep better at night, and releases lots of those "feel good" endorphins. But, it also feels purifying to me, in a similar way that shaving my head feels purifying. It doesn't seem a far leap to me to relate the idea of energy being exerted physically by the body with the notion of spiritual and/or moral development. That is the connection I tried to draw in this poem.

Taking things a bit further, if physical exertion can in some way engender spiritual/moral development, then a strong belief in this might be characterized as a kind of "salvation via works" philosophy, which can be (but needn't always be) contrasted with the notion of "salvation via faith".

The program implemented at the bottom illustrates the notion of continual self-improvement. If you find that salvation is wrought with a given amount of muscle tension, sweat, and breathlessness, you'll be disappointed (or happy?) to find that eventually, that same level of muscle tension, sweat, and breathlessness will no longer be enough to maintain your salvation. This is terribly Sisyphean in a sense, but inspiring and humbling when viewed another way.

---

# [<](2021-08-17.md) 2021-08-18 [>](2021-08-19.md)

