# [<](2021-08-09.md) 2021-08-10 [>](2021-08-11.md)

3,053,946 events, 1,391,933 push events, 2,262,271 commit messages, 172,843,189 characters


## [Angry-Pineapple3121/SkyblockClient-REPO](https://github.com/Angry-Pineapple3121/SkyblockClient-REPO)@[41b45ff863...](https://github.com/Angry-Pineapple3121/SkyblockClient-REPO/commit/41b45ff86327432078571fa7e34def29668c6ca3)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 00:17:30 by Angry_Pineapple

I am leaving this community so you can have my free nitros 

???????????????????????????????????????????? SBE IS SO GOOD ??????????????? I like it even with hael9 because SKYTILIITIES breaks my game because of patcher and essential and bill gates with the covid vaccine and the 5g tower microchips playing radio and installing windows ???????????????????? I love SkYLBOCKcaTIA because it so nice and SBE has all the features because I can have less mods means I dont even need to use optiFine or Patcher or cashhudding ???????????????????????? I just want to sbe and use hael9 with origngo client on lunar with vape v6 and hack in bedwars then macro terminals ???????????? I love sbe because I can use 16x resource pack to get so many frames ???????????????? why wouldnt you use sbe just stop being broke ???????????? its only 5 dollars smh cant believe you are so broke !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

---
## [McStonks/GuessWhatWillHappenInThis](https://github.com/McStonks/GuessWhatWillHappenInThis)@[e0460cebef...](https://github.com/McStonks/GuessWhatWillHappenInThis/commit/e0460cebef632006a0c7e0f21831ed7acef2b7db)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 00:33:51 by slambo312

Created a file that's just a copypasta of the minecraft ending text

I see the player you mean. PLAYERNAME? Yes. Take care. It has reached a higher level now. It can read our thoughts. That doesn't matter. It thinks we are part of the game. I like this player. It played well. It did not give up. It is reading our thoughts as though they were words on a screen. That is how it chooses to imagine many things, when it is deep in the dream of a game. Words make a wonderful interface. Very flexible. And less terrifying than staring at the reality behind the screen. They used to hear voices. Before players could read. Back in the days when those who did not play called the players witches, and warlocks. And players dreamed they flew through the air, on sticks powered by demons. What did this player dream? This player dreamed of sunlight and trees. Of fire and water. It dreamed it created. And it dreamed it destroyed. It dreamed it hunted, and was hunted. It dreamed of shelter. Hah, the original interface. A million years old, and it still works. But what true structure did this player create, in the reality behind the screen? It worked, with a million others, to sculpt a true world in a fold of the [scrambled], and created a [scrambled] for [scrambled], in the [scrambled]. It cannot read that thought. No. It has not yet achieved the highest level. That, it must achieve in the long dream of life, not the short dream of a game. Does it know that we love it? That the universe is kind? Sometimes, through the noise of its thoughts, it hears the universe, yes. But there are times it is sad, in the long dream. It creates worlds that have no summer, and it shivers under a black sun, and it takes its sad creation for reality. To cure it of sorrow would destroy it. The sorrow is part of its own private task. We cannot interfere. Sometimes when they are deep in dreams, I want to tell them, they are building true worlds in reality. Sometimes I want to tell them of their importance to the universe. Sometimes, when they have not made a true connection in a while, I want to help them to speak the word they fear. It reads our thoughts. Sometimes I do not care. Sometimes I wish to tell them, this world you take for truth is merely [scrambled] and [scrambled], I wish to tell them that they are [scrambled] in the [scrambled]. They see so little of reality, in their long dream. And yet they play the game. But it would be so easy to tell them... Too strong for this dream. To tell them how to live is to prevent them living. I will not tell the player how to live. The player is growing restless. I will tell the player a story. But not the truth. No. A story that contains the truth safely, in a cage of words. Not the naked truth that can burn over any distance. Give it a body, again. Yes. Player... Use its name. PLAYERNAME. Player of games. Good. Take a breath, now. Take another. Feel air in your lungs. Let your limbs return. Yes, move your fingers. Have a body again, under gravity, in air. Respawn in the long dream. There you are. Your body touching the universe again at every point, as though you were separate things. As though we were separate things. Who are we? Once we were called the spirit of the mountain. Father sun, mother moon. Ancestral spirits, animal spirits. Jinn. Ghosts. The green man. Then gods, demons. Angels. Poltergeists. Aliens, extraterrestrials. Leptons, quarks. The words change. We do not change. We are the universe. We are everything you think isn't you. You are looking at us now, through your skin and your eyes. And why does the universe touch your skin, and throw light on you? To see you, player. To know you. And to be known. I shall tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a player. The player was you, PLAYERNAME. Sometimes it thought itself human, on the thin crust of a spinning globe of molten rock. The ball of molten rock circled a ball of blazing gas that was three hundred and thirty thousand times more massive than it. They were so far apart that light took eight minutes to cross the gap. The light was information from a star, and it could burn your skin from a hundred and fifty million kilometres away. Sometimes the player dreamed it was a miner, on the surface of a world that was flat, and infinite. The sun was a square of white. The days were short; there was much to do; and death was a temporary inconvenience. Sometimes the player dreamed it was lost in a story. Sometimes the player dreamed it was other things, in other places. Sometimes these dreams were disturbing. Sometimes very beautiful indeed. Sometimes the player woke from one dream into another, then woke from that into a third. Sometimes the player dreamed it watched words on a screen. Let's go back. The atoms of the player were scattered in the grass, in the rivers, in the air, in the ground. A woman gathered the atoms; she drank and ate and inhaled; and the woman assembled the player, in her body. And the player awoke, from the warm, dark world of its mother's body, into the long dream. And the player was a new story, never told before, written in letters of DNA. And the player was a new program, never run before, generated by a sourcecode a billion years old. And the player was a new human, never alive before, made from nothing but milk and love. You are the player. The story. The program. The human. Made from nothing but milk and love. Let's go further back. The seven billion billion billion atoms of the player's body were created, long before this game, in the heart of a star. So the player, too, is information from a star. And the player moves through a story, which is a forest of information planted by a man called Julian, on a flat, infinite world created by a man called Markus, that exists inside a small, private world created by the player, who inhabits a universe created by... Shush. Sometimes the player created a small, private world that was soft and warm and simple. Sometimes hard, and cold, and complicated. Sometimes it built a model of the universe in its head; flecks of energy, moving through vast empty spaces. Sometimes it called those flecks "electrons" and "protons". Sometimes it called them "planets" and "stars". Sometimes it believed it was in a universe that was made of energy that was made of offs and ons; zeros and ones; lines of code. Sometimes it believed it was playing a game. Sometimes it believed it was reading words on a screen. You are the player, reading words... Shush... Sometimes the player read lines of code on a screen. Decoded them into words; decoded words into meaning; decoded meaning into feelings, emotions, theories, ideas, and the player started to breathe faster and deeper and realised it was alive, it was alive, those thousand deaths had not been real, the player was alive You. You. You are alive. and sometimes the player believed the universe had spoken to it through the sunlight that came through the shuffling leaves of the summer trees and sometimes the player believed the universe had spoken to it through the light that fell from the crisp night sky of winter, where a fleck of light in the corner of the player's eye might be a star a million times as massive as the sun, boiling its planets to plasma in order to be visible for a moment to the player, walking home at the far side of the universe, suddenly smelling food, almost at the familiar door, about to dream again and sometimes the player believed the universe had spoken to it through the zeros and ones, through the electricity of the world, through the scrolling words on a screen at the end of a dream and the universe said I love you and the universe said you have played the game well and the universe said everything you need is within you and the universe said you are stronger than you know and the universe said you are the daylight and the universe said you are the night and the universe said the darkness you fight is within you and the universe said the light you seek is within you and the universe said you are not alone and the universe said you are not separate from every other thing and the universe said you are the universe tasting itself, talking to itself, reading its own code and the universe said I love you because you are love. And the game was over and the player woke up from the dream. And the player began a new dream. And the player dreamed again, dreamed better. And the player was the universe. And the player was love. You are the player. Wake up.

---
## [kink-kat/mp-server](https://github.com/kink-kat/mp-server)@[24ea0543cb...](https://github.com/kink-kat/mp-server/commit/24ea0543cbb466b7ff4c18c17427f011b3609f23)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 03:54:40 by kink-kat

Sync with main

<rant>
God, I'm so glad nobody else is here to see me fail.
I guess they could probably give me advice though.

I must be ***butchering*** this. I barely know how git works, so why am I even doing this?

I tried everything to merge main into tests to work with the changes from there.
So many attempts at merges, rebases, everything. Do you want to know what fixed it?

`git checkout main -- .`

What the hell does that even mean? What does it do?
That syntax comes straight from hell.

Insanity.
</rant>

---
## [higan-emu/bahamut-lagoon-translation-kit](https://github.com/higan-emu/bahamut-lagoon-translation-kit)@[d68ef27cd9...](https://github.com/higan-emu/bahamut-lagoon-translation-kit/commit/d68ef27cd98ef1e3c5974fd7535527ea2c24f3e6)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 05:56:32 by Near

Update to 2020-12-23 release.

Changelog from version 2020-12-07:

    Fancier Page #/# and Feed Quantity #/# handling, unified colors
    for fonts in all subsystems, italic kerning support, smaller
    minimum enemy name/hp/mp windows in combat, some typo fixes and
    revisions.

Changelog from version 2020-12-08:

    This beautifies the opening and ending credits. You can get to
    them quickly by skipping to event# F8 (ending) and FA (opening) if
    you like. Hold select on controller 1 while resetting with the
    debugger enabled to get the event selection window.

Changelog from version 2020-12-11:

    This patch adds a new bold font for the opening and ending
    credits, repositions the opening credits text, and cleans up the
    chapter, field, and combat code. It fixes a bug when you try to
    feed the shortest item names to your dragon with >=10 items
    (quantity was truncated before), it shortens the minimum width of
    the dragon experience window after combat to 5 tiles to match the
    dragon HP/MP window size, and some other small things.

    All that's left for code cleanups is the menu code, render.asm,
    and text.asm. Which is probably half the total code though =/

Changelog from version 2020-12-14:

    All reported bugs fixed, plus more things fixed on my end. All
    code has now been cleaned up and finalized. From now on, only
    bugfixes will be added.

    ----

    An important fix: I wasn't double-buffering the technique lists on
    the formations/dragons screens. You couldn't tell on the former
    because it was only five strings but on the dragons screen the
    rendering felt really awkward and choppy. Took me forever to
    figure that one out ^-^; But now it should render a lot cleaner
    like with every other screen.

Changelog from version 2020-12-16:

    This adds italic-umlaut support, and also rearranges the field
    LV/HP/MP displays to provide more spacing between each element.

    Note to self: update field-small.asm available/reserved tiles
    comments for next WIP.

Changelog from version 2020-12-17:

    This patch revamps the status icon displays for all three systems
    (menus, fields, combat). Enemies can now show the bingo (sword)
    icon, though I don't know if they can even be given the ability or
    not. You can now see field enemy status icons and the boss
    indicator at the same time. Combat icon displays are now in the
    same order as menu and field displays, and they've all been
    reordered more sensibly now. I fixed a bug when going into a tech
    menu with a 0MP spell (eg Manyo Devil Dance), and some other minor
    issues as well.

    Oh yeah, and the field tiles used are now exclusively in the valid
    tile range. I believe using the tiles before the 2bpp font I was
    using were safe, but they were right between two graphical effect
    tile boundaries, so it's just safer not to use it since we don't
    have to anymore.

Changelog from version 2020-12-18:

    Fixed background color math effects in various parts of the game.

Changelog from version 2020-12-19:

    This includes Tom's revised scripts and list translations.

    Tom is going to play through a third(!) time, and we're going to
    release publicly after that.

    ----

    Lots of typo fixes, combat text overflow fix, s's -> s' code
    addition.

    This one retcons the previous 2020-12-19 patch posted earlier.

Changelog from version 2020-12-20:

    New "The End" graphic, bugfix for the menu system numbers not
    aligning properly in some instances, a bit more italic font
    kerning, and some other small goodies.

    Oh heck I think I left the MP=999 hack on to look at how the party
    screen looked ^-^;; Shit.

Changelog from version 2020-12-23:

    This is the final patch before the public beta. It adds the new
    "The End" graphic, and adds support for displaying a third time
    hour digit in case you wanna play for 100-255 hours.

---
## [higan-emu/bahamut-lagoon-translation-kit](https://github.com/higan-emu/bahamut-lagoon-translation-kit)@[74cde4ebc8...](https://github.com/higan-emu/bahamut-lagoon-translation-kit/commit/74cde4ebc8bde5e9a88101bc7fbb886343cc39a4)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 05:56:32 by Near

Update to 2020-12-06 release.

Changelog from version 2020-11-30:

    Please do not share the patches here with anyone else until the
    private beta testing phase is completed.

    You will need a copy of Bahamut Lagoon (Japan).sfc, plus beat or
    flips to apply the BPS patch to your ROM. Or optionally, use
    bsnes/higan/ares/Snes9X which supports BPS soft-patching by naming
    the patch the same basename as your ROM.

Changelog from version 2020-12-02:

    This patch fixes two typos and the Black Dragon failure text
    message, adds coloration to "No Data" for the load/save screens,
    adds an italic font (so far you can only see it after you finish
    Scenario 1), improves the proportional font renderers to clip text
    rather than draw out of bounds, and as a test, colorizes list
    quantities / costs. I may not keep the test, but I'm curious to
    hear what you guys think. Does it help distinguish things, or does
    it make it too colorful?

    Also, it was indeed my fault for leaving a cheat on to enable ex-
    play. That will be fixed now, but unless you erase your SRM file
    it'll stay on. Sorry about that. If you really want to disable it
    I can walk you through it with a hex editor.

    ----

    This patch has the same name (because it was made on the same
    day), but it makes a whole lot of big changes. Testing would be
    very much appreciated, but if you're playing the game legitimately
    you may want to wait as this may have issues possibly.

    I reduced the large font to 8x11 to get the 8x8 umlaut characters
    working and lining up with the 8x11 font. I added a new font color
    to the menu system that's more subtle than the green for item
    counts/spell costs/item costs/etc. I used the italics a lot more
    in Chapter 1, so you can really get a good feel for them now. And
    a few other things.

    ----

    Patch test suspended for now, too many issues ^-^;

Changelog from version 2020-12-03:

    New patch. Has a new system for encoding the MP/SP cost values for
    spells, please let me know what you think. Also has a new italic
    font. I'm aware it overflows in Sendak's letter in chapter 1 for
    now.

    It could still prove unstable but I believe I've ironed out the
    issues with the previous patch.

Changelog from version 2020-12-04:

    New smallcaps font for page#, fixed a few issues, nicer italic
    font.

    ----

    Please wait for the next patch, there is a small issue in
    2020-12-04 I want to fix first.

Changelog from version 2020-12-06:

    This fixes all outstanding issues, and also cleans up item
    descriptions. I now consider the patch feature-complete and won't
    be making any more functional changes. Only code cleanups and
    script corrections going forward.

---
## [Coinsnipervote/VoteCoin](https://github.com/Coinsnipervote/VoteCoin)@[dd34671101...](https://github.com/Coinsnipervote/VoteCoin/commit/dd34671101c05b0858818bf48955be2d28e86405)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 06:28:06 by Coin sniper vote

Free coinsniper vote

coin vote  full free get now
https://globallike.com/coinsniper/
coinsniper coinhunt rugfreecoins gemfinder coinvote. All Type coin vote quick delivery
                               Buy IP+chapcha+email+signup verification
VOTE World Best Social Services Provider With Chief Price and Quick Delivery. You Need Custom Order Full Unique IP VOTE Safe. custom order for the win. contact us
World Best all kinds social services provider with quick services our specialist team. Reviews Follower like Comment shares Facebook vote, Twitter Email vote, online vote, IP vote, contest. Google, Youtube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Linkedin, Soundcloud, Tiktok, Trustpilot, Spotify, music play, amazon, Pinterest. High-Quality Real & Cheap price. Today Instant Delivery Full Money Back Guaranteed  “Since 2007”.
https://coinvote.cc/
https://gemfinder.cc/
https://www.rugfreecoins.com/
https://coinsniper.net/   
https://coinhunt.cc/
buy coin sniper vote coinsniper
13-year of experience. please see my website...>>> globalLike.com <<<is the leading agency of social media marketing company.
World Best all kinds social services provider with quick services our specialist team. Reviews Follower like Comment shares Facebook vote, Twitter Email vote, online vote, IP vote, contest. Google, Youtube, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Linkedin, Soundcloud, Tiktok, Trustpilot, Spotify, music play, amazon, Pinterest. High-Quality Real & Cheap price. Today Instant Delivery Full Money Back Guaranteed “Since 2007”
Dedicated Support: Global Like dedicated to helping our customers in a minute. That’s why we have a strong 24/7 hours support team. And live chat option for the instant solution. Send your queries, we will be more than happy to help you. Get Help.
Social Media Marketing can help you to meet your marketing goals. This method is the only one that can do that without taking a long time and much money. With the marketing strategy, you will get the most effective thing in a short time. That is a really big achievement to move your online business to the next level. Here are some benefits:
Increasing key website traffics.
Improving brand awareness and positive identity.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Best Marketing Platforms Of Social Media in World**
Lots of Social Media Networks available now, most of them are effective to gain your success. Consider to works on these places.>>>>
____
✅ Facebook Marketing, Followers, Likes, comments reviews, Page Setup
✅ Instagram Marketing, Followers, Likes, comments
✅ YouTube Marketing
✅ YouTube SEO, watch time, like, dislike, subscribers
✅ Link Promotion Boust
✅ Linkedin Followers, Likes, comments reviews
✅ Classified Add Posting
✅ Google reviews, Marketing, SEO
✅ YouTube

---
## [hnaz/linux-mm](https://github.com/hnaz/linux-mm)@[ef44dd62ce...](https://github.com/hnaz/linux-mm/commit/ef44dd62ce4a4eed8e442c4c0efd2b31983fea00)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 07:00:32 by Vlastimil Babka

mm, slub: don't call flush_all() from slab_debug_trace_open()

Patch series "SLUB: reduce irq disabled scope and make it RT compatible", v4.

This series was initially inspired by Mel's pcplist local_lock rewrite,
and also interest to better understand SLUB's locking and the new
primitives and RT variants and implications.  It should make SLUB more
preemption-friendly, especially for RT, hopefully without noticeable
regressions, as the fast paths are not affected.

The RFC/v1 version got basic performance screening by Mel that didn't show
major regressions.  Mike's testing with hackbench of v2 on !RT reported
negligible differences [6]:

virgin(ish) tip
5.13.0.g60ab3ed-tip
          7,320.67 msec task-clock                #    7.792 CPUs utilized            ( +-  0.31% )
           221,215      context-switches          #    0.030 M/sec                    ( +-  3.97% )
            16,234      cpu-migrations            #    0.002 M/sec                    ( +-  4.07% )
            13,233      page-faults               #    0.002 M/sec                    ( +-  0.91% )
    27,592,205,252      cycles                    #    3.769 GHz                      ( +-  0.32% )
     8,309,495,040      instructions              #    0.30  insn per cycle           ( +-  0.37% )
     1,555,210,607      branches                  #  212.441 M/sec                    ( +-  0.42% )
         5,484,209      branch-misses             #    0.35% of all branches          ( +-  2.13% )

           0.93949 +- 0.00423 seconds time elapsed  ( +-  0.45% )
           0.94608 +- 0.00384 seconds time elapsed  ( +-  0.41% ) (repeat)
           0.94422 +- 0.00410 seconds time elapsed  ( +-  0.43% )

5.13.0.g60ab3ed-tip +slub-local-lock-v2r3
          7,343.57 msec task-clock                #    7.776 CPUs utilized            ( +-  0.44% )
           223,044      context-switches          #    0.030 M/sec                    ( +-  3.02% )
            16,057      cpu-migrations            #    0.002 M/sec                    ( +-  4.03% )
            13,164      page-faults               #    0.002 M/sec                    ( +-  0.97% )
    27,684,906,017      cycles                    #    3.770 GHz                      ( +-  0.45% )
     8,323,273,871      instructions              #    0.30  insn per cycle           ( +-  0.28% )
     1,556,106,680      branches                  #  211.901 M/sec                    ( +-  0.31% )
         5,463,468      branch-misses             #    0.35% of all branches          ( +-  1.33% )

           0.94440 +- 0.00352 seconds time elapsed  ( +-  0.37% )
           0.94830 +- 0.00228 seconds time elapsed  ( +-  0.24% ) (repeat)
           0.93813 +- 0.00440 seconds time elapsed  ( +-  0.47% ) (repeat)

RT configs showed some throughput regressions, but that's expected
tradeoff for the preemption improvements through the RT mutex.  It didn't
prevent the v2 to be incorporated to the 5.13 RT tree [7], leading to
testing exposure and bugfixes.

Before the series, SLUB is lockless in both allocation and free fast
paths, but elsewhere, it's disabling irqs for considerable periods of time
- especially in allocation slowpath and the bulk allocation, where IRQs
are re-enabled only when a new page from the page allocator is needed, and
the context allows blocking.  The irq disabled sections can then include
deactivate_slab() which walks a full freelist and frees the slab back to
page allocator or unfreeze_partials() going through a list of percpu
partial slabs.  The RT tree currently has some patches mitigating these,
but we can do much better in mainline too.

Patches 1-6 are straightforward improvements or cleanups that could exist
outside of this series too, but are prerequsities.

Patches 7-10 are also preparatory code changes without functional changes,
but not so useful without the rest of the series.

Patch 11 simplifies the fast paths on systems with preemption, based on
(hopefully correct) observation that the current loops to verify tid are
unnecessary.

Patches 12-21 focus on reducing irq disabled scope in the allocation
slowpath.

Patch 12 moves disabling of irqs into ___slab_alloc() from its callers,
which are the allocation slowpath, and bulk allocation.  Instead these
callers only disable preemption to stabilize the cpu.  The following
patches then gradually reduce the scope of disabled irqs in
___slab_alloc() and the functions called from there.  As of patch 15, the
re-enabling of irqs based on gfp flags before calling the page allocator
is removed from allocate_slab().  As of patch 18, it's possible to reach
the page allocator (in case of existing slabs depleted) without disabling
and re-enabling irqs a single time.

Pathces 22-27 reduce the scope of disabled irqs in functions related to
unfreezing percpu partial slab.

Patch 28 is preparatory.  Patch 29 is adopted from the RT tree and
converts the flushing of percpu slabs on all cpus from using IPI to
workqueue, so that the processing isn't happening with irqs disabled in
the IPI handler.  The flushing is not performance critical so it should be
acceptable.

Patch 30 also comes from RT tree and makes object_map_lock RT compatible.

Patches 31-32 make slab_lock irq-safe on RT where we cannot rely on having
irq disabled from the list_lock spin lock usage.

Patch 33 changes kmem_cache_cpu->partial handling in put_cpu_partial()
from cmpxchg loop to a short irq disabled section, which is used by all
other code modifying the field.  This addresses a theoretical race
scenario pointed out by Jann, and makes the critical section safe wrt with
RT local_lock semantics after the conversion in patch 35.

Patch 34 changes preempt disable to migrate disable, so that the nested
list_lock spinlock is safe to take on RT.  Because migrate_disable() is a
function call even on !RT, a small set of private wrappers is introduced
to keep using the cheaper preempt_disable() on !PREEMPT_RT configurations.

As of this patch, SLUB should be compatible with RT's lock semantics, to
the best of my knowledge.

Finally, patch 35 changes irq disabled sections that protect
kmem_cache_cpu fields in the slow paths, with a local lock.  However on
PREEMPT_RT it means the lockless fast paths can now preempt slow paths
which don't expect that, so the local lock has to be taken also in the
fast paths and they are no longer lockless.  It's up to RT folks to decide
if this is a good tradeoff.  The patch also updates the locking
documentation in the file's comment.

The main results of this series:

* irq disabling is only done for minimum amount of time needed to
  protect the kmem_cache_cpu data and as part of spin lock, local lock and
  bit lock operations to make them irq-safe

* SLUB should be fully PREEMPT_RT compatible

This should have obvious implications for better preemptibility,
especially on RT.

Some details are different than how the previous SLUB RT tree patches were
implemented:

  mm: sl[au]b: Change list_lock to raw_spinlock_t [2] - the SLAB part
  can be dropped as a different patch restricts RT to SLUB anyway.  And
  after this series the list_lock in SLUB is never used with irqs disabled
  before taking the lock so it doesn't have to be converted to
  raw_spinlock_t.

  mm: slub: Move discard_slab() invocations out of IRQ-off sections [3]
  should be unnecessary as this series does move these invocations outside
  irq disabled sections in a different way.

The remaining patches to upstream from the RT tree are small ones related
to KConfig.  The patch that restricts PREEMPT_RT to SLUB (not SLAB or
SLOB) makes sense.  The patch that disables CONFIG_SLUB_CPU_PARTIAL with
PREEMPT_RT could perhaps be re-evaluated as the series addresses some
latency issues with it.

[1] https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210524233946.20352-1-vbabka@suse.cz/
[2] https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/rt/linux-rt-devel.git/tree/patches/0001-mm-sl-au-b-Change-list_lock-to-raw_spinlock_t.patch?h=linux-5.12.y-rt-patches
[3] https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/rt/linux-rt-devel.git/tree/patches/0004-mm-slub-Move-discard_slab-invocations-out-of-IRQ-off.patch?h=linux-5.12.y-rt-patches
[4] https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/rt/linux-rt-devel.git/tree/patches/0005-mm-slub-Move-flush_cpu_slab-invocations-__free_slab-.patch?h=linux-5.12.y-rt-patches
[5] https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210609113903.1421-1-vbabka@suse.cz/
[6] https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/891dc24e38106f8542f4c72831d52dc1a1863ae8.camel@gmx.de
[7] https://lore.kernel.org/linux-rt-users/87tul5p2fa.ffs@nanos.tec.linutronix.de/
[8] https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210729132132.19691-1-vbabka@suse.cz/
[9] https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210804120522.GD6464@techsingularity.net/


This patch (of 35:

slab_debug_trace_open() can only be called on caches with SLAB_STORE_USER
flag and as with all slub debugging flags, such caches avoid cpu or percpu
partial slabs altogether, so there's nothing to flush.

Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20210805152000.12817-1-vbabka@suse.cz
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20210805152000.12817-2-vbabka@suse.cz
Signed-off-by: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Acked-by: Christoph Lameter <cl@linux.com>
Cc: David Rientjes <rientjes@google.com>
Cc: Pekka Enberg <penberg@kernel.org>
Cc: Joonsoo Kim <iamjoonsoo.kim@lge.com>
Cc: Mike Galbraith <efault@gmx.de>
Cc: Sebastian Andrzej Siewior <bigeasy@linutronix.de>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: Jesper Dangaard Brouer <brouer@redhat.com>
Cc: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [Ahlawat23/desktop-tutorial](https://github.com/Ahlawat23/desktop-tutorial)@[2b52dde7df...](https://github.com/Ahlawat23/desktop-tutorial/commit/2b52dde7dfe0049bc73631ee8af82b81b2ebe2b9)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 07:16:17 by Reaper23

al;fja yeak fuck you summary titile

i nailed your mom

---
## [Ahlawat23/desktop-tutorial](https://github.com/Ahlawat23/desktop-tutorial)@[454560f679...](https://github.com/Ahlawat23/desktop-tutorial/commit/454560f67990e6e86e0edbf5313ca3edccfa3196)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 07:16:53 by Ahlawat23

Merge pull request #1 from Ahlawat23/branchname

al;fja yeak fuck you summary titile

---
## [Exiled1/CS344](https://github.com/Exiled1/CS344)@[55aa0cafdd...](https://github.com/Exiled1/CS344/commit/55aa0cafdd4b688d31c6bfe8e9ac341cec631db3)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 08:30:46 by exiled1

Everything completed

Poggers, let me be free from the depression I've faced with this stupid fucking class. I've lost my god damn patience.

TODO:
+ Free the fucking memory leaks that exist on like 466, free the process struct and all the pipes.
+ Free everything.

---
## [tribe29/checkmk](https://github.com/tribe29/checkmk)@[2d0f163d23...](https://github.com/tribe29/checkmk/commit/2d0f163d23ea932834d173308dffe74a45865eb4)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 09:32:44 by Óscar Nájera

Rebuild active filters on page load

Pages recover context on initial page creation. Either from on disk
setup or active filters( exclusive or no merge ). Active filters are set
and then recovered by the filter menu valuespec. This valuespec requires
the request var "_active" to asses active filters, and to specially
recognize deleted filters(which remain in the url).

Due to our heavy use of manual link composition either contextful or
contextless, we need to also supply the "_active" flag on all those
links a new. This lead to a lot of bugs, because the difficulty of
tracking all those places systematically.

For this reason, instead of updating the links. On page creation, if
filters are found on the request vars, the "_active" flag added by
reconstruction and then the context extracted. This removes bugs faster
than updating the links, and isolates the places for refactoring.

To find the relation between the htmlvar and its filter. And inverse
function is supplied. Each htmlvar should be uniquely linked to a
filter. And given the way we create our filters, that is true. Except,
some bugs did snuck in.
- event_host & event_host_regex. It has been verifiable broken since
  1.6.0. Thus shamelessly update htmlvar, because no user has complained.
- site & optsite. optsite allows for site="", and is only used
  explicitly from filter menu. Internally, we only use site. Thus we
  make an exception and never translate to optsite.
- host_metrics_hist & svc_metrics_hist. They are actually the same, and
  the reason to have svc_metrics_hist is to still be able to use this
  filter when host is single host. Maybe that is not big enough of a
  reason. People actually want top hosts cutoff, not top services with
  same metric of host cutoff. Filter is poorly known, and we could even
  better delete svc_metrics_hist
- The reuse test checks that registered htmlvars don't try to change
  their filter ident, instead of being only first time registrations.
  Reason for this is inventory filters are generated dynamically on
  load_modules & load_plugins, and indeed they are loaded more than
  once, especially on test runs.

A bit controversially, is to partially revert:
1566ae70f6fb0d3b2ae619a5db9666cbe8cd4096

That is removing the option in makeuri to keep_vars. This means, that on
the link instead of the active filters flag being passed explicitly
passed, the next page will reconstruct it. The consequence is that all
filters on the last URL will be considered instead of only the active.
This is like the usual behavior (pre 2.1) of always having the merged
context, but it becomes annoying if currently, actively deleting filters
is a feature. I bet on that use case being sporadic against users
clicking on links and them being broken. This gives us time to think
about a better refactoring.

Change-Id: I44aa5d22fdc41b3399be5979dfc5ea2501e8ce2d

---
## [LOuroboros/pokeemerald](https://github.com/LOuroboros/pokeemerald)@[2f52675655...](https://github.com/LOuroboros/pokeemerald/commit/2f5267565561b93fc0811a9f593c7c11c4005397)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 10:27:59 by LOuroboros

Added an alternative event to get the Amulet Coin
A fallback so the Player won't miss the first costume and so they won't need to go out of their way to get the Amulet Coin.

To do:
-Test. A lot of fucking testing. WHY is this working for the female but not for the male when both events are written exactly the same. Why is METATILE_BrendansMaysHouse_BrendansCleanTable being drawn.

---
## [kiara101/kiara-](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-)@[b2b859cf57...](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-/commit/b2b859cf57e5be4bc01800c7258483ab1ffdd985)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 11:35:31 by kiara101

Inevitable ideas to style a solid polo t-shirt

Solid polo t-shirt is also known as a golf t-shirt as it was first used for playing polo, but now it has crossed the barrier from simply being a uniform to a style staple. Men and women both are in love with this collared t-shirt as it can be dressed up or down on any occasion. The way they look stylish on everyone regardless of any body type, color. It is considered a smart casual. It works wonders in layers. You can layer it in million ways like a blazer, shirt, bomber jacket, etc.

So, get amazing outfit ideas at https://smashmart.in/

---
## [cod3zilla/mern-redux-eshop](https://github.com/cod3zilla/mern-redux-eshop)@[2fe2f96f0d...](https://github.com/cod3zilla/mern-redux-eshop/commit/2fe2f96f0d642c0cbe0a9a228e7a4a93c291e414)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 11:51:10 by cod3zilla

i will fuck you heroku so hard you won't believe how hard

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[03341f49b1...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/03341f49b10e53e7b26ecc5b895bb98a7386968f)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 12:30:47 by nia

eggdrop: Update to 1.9.1

Eggdrop v1.9.1:

  General changes:
    - Fixed an issue where an IP address was incorrectly overwritten after a
      CTCP chat was received
    - Fixed an issue where Eggdrop would occassionally crash if no port was
      provided when the server was added
    - Error, instead of silently change, when adding a bot with invalid ascii
      characters in the handle (.+bot)
    - Removed an incorrect error message after restarting the bot with the
      PBKDF2 module loaded
    - Further improved error reporting for socket connections

  Botnet changes:
    - None

  Tcl API changes:
    - Fixed the isaway command to properly track AWAY server messages

  Module changes:
    - None

  Eggdrop config file changes:
    - Added Libera Chat to the accepted server types
_________________________________________________________________

Eggdrop v1.9.0:

  General changes:
    - Fixed an issue where adding a server without a port could create a
      condition where Eggdrop would crash on startup
    - Fixed a bad merge in 1.9.0 that resulted in away status not being
      properly tracked by Eggdrop
    - Fixed/clarified some of the terrible error messages we've all come to
      know and love for socket connections

  Botnet changes:
    - None

  Tcl API changes:
    - None

  Module changes:
    - Fixed a bug in the CTCP module that resulted in an IP in the socket table
      being incorrectly overwritten, causing trouble with future CTCP chat
      requests. This was also prevents some Eggdrop's from incorrectly throwing
      a Tcl error during a rehash
    - Fixed an error message that incorrectly appeared after a restart when
      using the PBKDF2 module

  Eggdrop config file changes:
    - None

---
## [aadityakalwani/BirthdayTracker](https://github.com/aadityakalwani/BirthdayTracker)@[e545e7697a...](https://github.com/aadityakalwani/BirthdayTracker/commit/e545e7697addd8945c8850506fa8ccca5e233610)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 12:45:12 by aadityakalwani

HELL YEAH made ti completely work, a completely working birthday tracker that tells me peoples birthdays,and, if they're not in the dict, it auto-adds them aswell! (using a json file). hell yeah nice  with help from someone on discord called Levithan7#3125, great guy and helped me with this!  the only possible thing i could think of now to add to this, is to order the dict  date-wise order in the json file, but i assume this would be terribly difficult because the dates are stored as strings. but other than that, im insanely happy with this!!

---
## [Exact3Musketiers/Tiege](https://github.com/Exact3Musketiers/Tiege)@[cb8602f2b0...](https://github.com/Exact3Musketiers/Tiege/commit/cb8602f2b057433dfa5803a3e67a2dd9ec3f197c)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 13:59:53 by Wim

Develop > main (#14)

* Hamburger menu + mobile fix
added some more animation shit
Fixed comparing lastfm
renamed ScraperService.php > LyricsScraperService.php
changed some css

* Fixed issue if both users have 0 scrobbles

* Readded name to widget

* Added way to remember navbar state on mobile and desktop seperately

* quick fix

* Fixed no valid username + empty username in friendsfeed

* Fixed lastfm double artist + albums and tracks next to each other

Co-authored-by: Piet <pkorfmaker@gmail.com>

---
## [chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile](https://github.com/chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile)@[15b79b14b4...](https://github.com/chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile/commit/15b79b14b45d96029e052518e2a4967e92667412)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 17:02:05 by Chris Bobbe

deps: Pull in jsonfile@^6.0.0 with `resolutions` hack.

Without which, hilariously, Jest tests would break on a later commit
in this series, when running jest/presetIos.js. A stack trace leads
me to the offending file,
  node_modules/@expo/config/node_modules/@expo/configure-splash-screen/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/output-json.js
, which has this line:

```
const { stringify } = require('jsonfile/utils')
```

The `utils` file, it seems, was added in
jprichardson/jode-jsonfile#128, merged in
jprichardson/node-jsonfile@e3d86e09e, which looks to have been
released in v6.0.0.

So, please remove this awful line as soon as we can without breaking
Jest.

---
## [vbuslov/linux](https://github.com/vbuslov/linux)@[beeee08ca1...](https://github.com/vbuslov/linux/commit/beeee08ca1d432891f9e1f6188eea85ffac68527)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 17:08:27 by David S. Miller

Merge branch 'sja1105-bridge-port-traffic-termination'

Vladimir Oltean says:

====================
Traffic termination for sja1105 ports under VLAN-aware bridge

This set of patches updates the sja1105 DSA driver to be able to send
and receive network stack packets on behalf of a VLAN-aware upper bridge
interface.

The reasons why this has traditionally been a problem are explained in
the "Traffic support" section of Documentation/networking/dsa/sja1105.rst.
(the entire documentation will be revised in a separate patch series).

The limitations that have prevented us from doing this so far have now
been partially lifted by the bridge's ability to send a packet with
skb->offload_fwd_mark = true, which means that the accelerator is
allowed to look up its hardware FDB when sending a packet and deliver it
to those destination ports. Basically skb->dev is now just a conduit to
the switchdev driver's ndo_start_xmit(), and does not guarantee that the
packet will really be transmitted on that port (but it will be
transmitted where it should, nonetheless).

Apart from the ability to perform IP termination on VLAN-aware bridges
on top of sja1105 interfaces, we also gain the following features:
- VLAN-aware software bridging between sja1105 ports and "foreign"
  (non-DSA) interfaces
- software bridging between sja1105 bridge ports, and software LAG
  uppers of sja1105 ports (as long as the bridge is VLAN-aware)

The only things that don't work are:
1. to create an AF_PACKET socket on top of a sja1105 port that is under
   a VLAN-aware bridge. This is because the "imprecise RX" procedure
   selects an RX port for data plane* packets based on the assumption
   that the packet will land in the bridge's data path.  If ebtables
   rules are added to remove some packets from the bridge's data path,
   that assumption will be broken. Nonetheless, this is not a limitation
   that negatively impacts the known use cases with this switch.  If
   there was a way to impose user space restrictions against creating
   AF_PACKET sockets on this particular configuration, I could be
   interested in adding those restrictions, but I think there are other
   known broken configs already which are not checked by the kernel
   today (like for example that the bridge's rx_handler steals packets
   anyway from AF_PACKET sockets with exact-match ptype handlers, as
   opposed to ptype_all which are processed earlier; this is precisely
   the reason why ebtables rules are generally needed to avoid that).
2. to send traffic on behalf of an 8021q upper of a standalone interface,
   while other sja1105 ports are part of a VLAN-aware bridge. This is
   because sja1105 sets ds->vlan_filtering_is_global = true, so we
   cannot make the standalone port ignore the VLAN header from the
   packet on RX, so we cannot make tag_8021q enforce its own pvid for
   the packets belonging to that port's 8021q upper. So we cannot
   determine in the first place that packets come from that port, unless
   we iterate through all 8021q uppers of all ports, and enforce
   uniqueness of VLAN IDs. I am not sure if this is what I want / if it
   is worth it, so currently all 8021q uppers are denied, regardless of
   whether the switch has ports under a VLAN-aware bridge or not
   (otherwise it becomes complicated even to track the state).
   Nonetheless, the VID uniqueness of all 8021q uppers does raise
   another question: what to do with VID 0, which has no 8021q upper,
   but the 8021q module adds it to our RX filter with vlan_vid_add().
   I am honestly not sure what to do. The best I can do is enable a
   hardware bit in sja1105 which reclassifies VID 0 frames to the PVID,
   and they will be sent on the CPU port using either the tag_8021q pvid
   of standalone ports, or the bridge pvid of VLAN-aware ports. So at
   the very least, those packets are still 'kinda' processed as if they
   were untagged, but the VID 0 is lost, though. In my defence, Marvell
   appears to do the same thing with reclassifying VID 0 frames, see
   commit b8b79c414eca ("net: dsa: mv88e6xxx: Fix adding vlan 0").

*Control packets (currently hardcoded in sja1105 as link-local packets
for MAC DA ranges 01-80-c2-xx-xx-xx and 01-1b-19-xx-xx-xx) are received
based on packet traps and their precise source port is always known.

I have taken one patch from Colin because my work conflicts with his,
and integrating it all through the same series avoids that.
====================

Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

---
## [kotoricode/girljs](https://github.com/kotoricode/girljs)@[5a726d4188...](https://github.com/kotoricode/girljs/commit/5a726d4188de3932e4dd756ded9fd48ec1caa3fd)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 17:18:24 by kotoricode

fucking hell i'm an idiot. there goes hours of debugging that i'll never get back

---
## [nesper8/classNotes](https://github.com/nesper8/classNotes)@[4fd852d99c...](https://github.com/nesper8/classNotes/commit/4fd852d99c29767ddd3c93885e764ab83c1c8ab9)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 17:32:10 by nesper8

chore: o god how i hate myself for forgetting this

---
## [whirvis/data-structures-c](https://github.com/whirvis/data-structures-c)@[2998c3da5d...](https://github.com/whirvis/data-structures-c/commit/2998c3da5d53010007bed8a797969b4c3d87cb08)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 17:42:22 by Trent Summerlin

Create CMakeLists.txt files for project

As much as I enjoyed writing that Makefile yesterday, since it just...
worked... CLion wants me to use CMake in order to get anything useful
done. The damn thing doesn't even know how to add include directories
without it. And I thought my code was tightly coupled! Ugh, I should
probably just submit a ticket about this to JetBrains. Either that, or
I'm just stupid and I can't find the toggle to add an include folder for
my project. I tend to make stupid mistakes like that alot, and make
myself look like an idiot (because I am one :))

---
## [sonicthedutchhedgehog/sonic-1-github-madness](https://github.com/sonicthedutchhedgehog/sonic-1-github-madness)@[cc783c67ad...](https://github.com/sonicthedutchhedgehog/sonic-1-github-madness/commit/cc783c67ad26426b07f8273c678aa3d0118fb155)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 20:39:07 by JayKuriN

your mom

have fun scraping my brains off the wall>.....

FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!

---
## [NKInstinct/seqHelpers](https://github.com/NKInstinct/seqHelpers)@[54243211f2...](https://github.com/NKInstinct/seqHelpers/commit/54243211f2596d4a67fe721eac26eae9893135ad)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 20:49:07 by Andrew Wight

Cleaned up dge_OneFactor and wrote some unit tests for it. Oh man do I love unit tests. Why do I keep thinking they aren't super fun to do? Remember this for next time: unit tests rock.

---
## [YuananimationChannel/yuananimation-source_code](https://github.com/YuananimationChannel/yuananimation-source_code)@[b069a471a8...](https://github.com/YuananimationChannel/yuananimation-source_code/commit/b069a471a88c908d8603575fbe4dc4e24ea6da35)
#### Tuesday 2021-08-10 21:33:03 by TaeYai

add fucking mp4 cutscene so we dont need to use fucking webm anymore so fuck you webm

add fucking mp4 cutscene so we dont need to use fucking webm anymore so fuck you webm

---

# [<](2021-08-09.md) 2021-08-10 [>](2021-08-11.md)

