# [<](2021-10-28.md) 2021-10-29 [>](2021-10-30.md)

681,805 events, 364,714 push events, 562,438 commit messages, 41,316,534 characters


## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[fae2eb2983...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/fae2eb2983f84292a4ba013f6fbe6a449c439465)
#### Friday 2021-10-29 19:56:03 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] (Tries) to remove long timer singlecaps (#1297)

* Ok. Let's talk yeah? (#62415)

This pr changes the temperature limit on nitryl. Lowers it from 600k to roughly 340
So I assume you're familiar with singletank/cap bombs (Fuck you assembly people)
Idea is basically the same as a ttv, except it's not a ttv, so you've got no control

It's a product of a cursed problem around explosion code that I'm willing to harbor
We want two things. TTVs that work off pressure, in a semi realistic way, and tanks that explode when you fuck up your ttv
Only makes sense that the tanks should have at least the same base logic as the ttv right? That's kind of the issue
I'm not willing to compramise on any of those three points, so things are the way they are

Ok now that we're all on the same page. You remember that bit I said about no control?
Nitryl has a decomposition reaction. Exists so you can't plumb the station with the stuff, etc etc
Takes nitryl, which is "canonically" 1 nitrogen 2 oxygen, decomposes it into 02, and heat

Agressively soulful reaction right? Really slow, so it's not an instant thing, but it does go through

Anyway. So let's say we take a ttv mix, trit + plasma, and take advantage of some parts of that reaction.
1: It takes a small amount of o2 and a large amount of no2, and returns you a large amount of o2 over a long period of time
2: It's exothermic. So we're slowly ramping up the temperature of our mix. Very very slowly mind

I'm sure you can figure out the problem here. Giving people what amounts to fuses, which at this scale is a problem
It honestly does kind of hurt to try and remove this, because frankly if I played this game I'd be telling people about it whenever I got the chance (Consider what I just did "that")

Thing is it allows for levels of nuke that are not workable. It's a concept I've been aware of for a while, but I A: didn't realize how stronk it was, and B: didn't think it was well known enough
People are using it a lot, and god it's stronk

Please consider this a by-proxy salt pr, since again, I don't play
Oh and to be clear, I won't do prs like this anytime someone uses something strong. That's why servers have admins. I've got sanity limits though, and this crossed those

* (Tries) to remove long timer singlecaps

Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo)@[eca1b18b66...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo/commit/eca1b18b666bf34e3a5e6267b7941af1eeb1a777)
#### Friday 2021-10-29 20:44:05 by petrero

29.1. Frame-Powered Inline Editing

  Make sure you're logged in... and then head over to any product page. We already have a product admin section. And since we are an admin - lucky us - we can use it to edit any product. To make life cooler for admin users, let's add an edit link right on the public show page.

  Easy enough: open the template for this page - templates/product/show.html.twig - find the h1 and move it onto multiple lines. Then add if is_granted('ROLE_ADMIN') and endif. Inside, we can create a boring anchor tag that points to the edit page: path('product_admin_edit') with id set to product.id.

  Oh, but I'm going to put this onto multiple lines in a slightly different way... so that we can cleanly give this a few classes. For the text, say "Edit".

  Nothing magic yet. When we refresh, there's our link... a fantastically boring edit link. Thanks to Turbo Drive, clicking it feels pretty good. And with a bit more work, we could add a link back to the public show page. Heck, we could even attach a query parameter when we click this edit button - like ?from= - and use that on the admin page to dynamically link back to the admin index page - like it is now - or back to the product show page if that's where we originally came from. We could even go further and also make the form redirect back to that page after success. My point is, thanks to the smoothness of Turbo Drive, there are many ways that we could make this process even smoother simply by writing a little Twig & PHP code.

  But instead of doing any of those, let's progressively enhance this in a different way: by making the edit link load the form right onto the public show page. That sounds like a job for a turbo frame!

---
## [Lamella-0587/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Lamella-0587/Skyrat-tg)@[914d5ebd4f...](https://github.com/Lamella-0587/Skyrat-tg/commit/914d5ebd4f0e3556a7b175dffd2066c3a819d6c6)
#### Friday 2021-10-29 22:21:15 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Adds two station traits: Ionic Stormfront and Radioactive Stormfront [MDB IGNORE] (#9096)

* Adds two station traits: Ionic Stormfront and Radioactive Stormfront (#62366)

This PR adds two station traits. Ionic Stormfront and Radioactive Stormfront.

Ionic Stormfront doubles the weight of the ion storm event.
Radioactive Stormfront slightly increases the weight of the radiation storm event (1.5x) and allows multiple radiation storms to occur during a round (+2 max occurrences).
Both are relatively uncommon traits to roll.
Given a lot of random events are occurrences of "nature", (storms, anomalies, meteor showers, etc), I think it makes sense and has decent flavor that occasionally your station may experience certain events more often.

Maybe the station is located in an anomalous region of space and anomalies are coming outta the walls. Maybe it's located in an asteroid belt and meteors pelt the exterior constantly. Who knows! For now, I went with two existing "weather" phenomenon that hit the station, rad and ion storms. Ion storms are usually funny and add variety to silicon players, and radiation storms are neat for antaggy potential but kinda uncommon.

* Adds two station traits: Ionic Stormfront and Radioactive Stormfront

* No rad storms, we had those disabled for a reason

Co-authored-by: MrMelbert <51863163+MrMelbert@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: GoldenAlpharex <58045821+GoldenAlpharex@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [ghiknt/contrib-cdda](https://github.com/ghiknt/contrib-cdda)@[31aabcea1c...](https://github.com/ghiknt/contrib-cdda/commit/31aabcea1c07439e155bc9f2cefe678261d6a402)
#### Friday 2021-10-29 23:09:59 by NaturesWitness

New vehicle RV take two

While looking through the pull requests, saw there was a pull for an RV
that seemed kinda abandoned #2053 .  It looked like a really cool idea,
just needed to be finished, the design was based on original Cataclysm
and didn't work in DDA.  Seeing as there had been no activity in two
weeks, I thiugh I'd try and complete it.  So far I think I have the
design in veh_typedef.cpp fixed (bunch of misc. errors), but I'm not
sure how to add this to spawn lists.  Anyone know how vehicle spawns
work?

PS - I know this isn't my idea, it's just no one answered my comments on
the original pull and this is too cool to just let die.  If I should
have made a pull off the original request or whatever please tell me and
I'll take this down.  I don't want it to seem like I'm stealing people's
work.

---
## [SenseiTarzan/PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/SenseiTarzan/PocketMine-MP)@[2e2515354c...](https://github.com/SenseiTarzan/PocketMine-MP/commit/2e2515354c707d96b73accd454596f91cd602922)
#### Friday 2021-10-29 23:32:06 by Dylan K. Taylor

PopulationTask: fixed undefined method call

fuck you PhpStorm! fuck you PhpStorm! fuck you PhpStorm!

---
## [DenneMan/Nameless-platformer](https://github.com/DenneMan/Nameless-platformer)@[c70f5b1b76...](https://github.com/DenneMan/Nameless-platformer/commit/c70f5b1b7644a7ca5afe2c0a73d573e6bc233385)
#### Friday 2021-10-29 23:44:03 by Dennis Lindberg

I found a bug, I have no idea why, I hate my life

I'm able to go back in time using github, but it's still extremely annoying. I believe it has something to do with me putting my main game loop inside of a class but the bug is also only affecting me when I have fullscreen, so at first I was thinking maybe it's something to do with memory but then why would a smaller window fix that.

---

# [<](2021-10-28.md) 2021-10-29 [>](2021-10-30.md)

