# [<](2021-09-24.md) 2021-09-25 [>](2021-09-26.md)

2,089,536 events, 1,228,762 push events, 1,743,944 commit messages, 112,049,669 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[6c5d47dc3a...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/6c5d47dc3a5221260de6423ce5013e66e754ab51)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 00:02:55 by Fikou

Refactors borg reskinning (#61679)

* refactors borg reskinning

* shits fukt

* drinking champgne

made of an angel's
tears and pain
but i feel celestial

* drinking champagne

made by the angel
who goes by the name
of glittering gabriel

* written in the stars

* i hate maintainers! i hate maintainers!

people driving fancy cars look like biddles in the stars

* Update code/modules/mob/living/silicon/robot/robot_model.dm

* bitch

---
## [newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria)@[21bdd65a8e...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria/commit/21bdd65a8ed890b0c92c417c3e7615ffd901108f)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 00:16:13 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [dailypost.ng/2021/09/24/bbnaija-i-miss-my-boyfriend-so-much-dream-about-him-nini/]

---
## [john-science/pepperhead](https://github.com/john-science/pepperhead)@[dd240ad1f7...](https://github.com/john-science/pepperhead/commit/dd240ad1f76c613c340a80c3393f5519372ad9bd)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 01:56:30 by John Stilley

Attempt Number 1: Let's auto-deploy our site with GitHub Actions

Why do I say "Attempt Number 1"? Because this just never works
perfectly the first time out, does it? Am I defeatist, do you say?
You know what? Screw you. I am who I am. And who are you to judge
anyway?
Marcus Aurelius says we should not have our persona happiness
depend on things out of our control, but here you are demanding
everyone stay positive all the time. Mind your own damn buisness.
Marcus Aurelius said that too.

---
## [sony-togari-dev/android_kernel_sony_msm8974](https://github.com/sony-togari-dev/android_kernel_sony_msm8974)@[56e4c32e38...](https://github.com/sony-togari-dev/android_kernel_sony_msm8974/commit/56e4c32e38fdad61895be29112e601115d6f405c)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 05:57:21 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, fslmc, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here
     Add of to avoid backporting two larger patches]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
[haggertk: Backport to 3.4. Omit cpu, hdaudio, ipack, mei, mipscdmm,
 rapidio, ulpi]
Signed-off-by: Kevin F. Haggerty <haggertk@lineageos.org>
Change-Id: Ic632eaa7777338109f80c76535e67917f5b9761c

---
## [EduardsVacers/Enclave-Rebalance](https://github.com/EduardsVacers/Enclave-Rebalance)@[128068b11e...](https://github.com/EduardsVacers/Enclave-Rebalance/commit/128068b11e989a9af28352d0eeb93cf031f47877)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 11:38:30 by RHeathy

reformist events/focuses 1

Focuses:
Removed civil war from "Promote the Exchange of Ideas"
Removed "Our Band of Brothers"

enc_events:
Nerfed vehicle tech bonus from 0.75 to 0.5
Nerfed cloning success manpower from 250 to 100
Removed faction for Mexican countries, instead each country guarantees each other
Removed Santa Anna being auto-puppeted

enc_events_reformers:
Added "#look at this" for events that need a closer look
"Axis of Evil" event no longer forces countries into a faction
"Brotherhood Reformers" event removed (see focus)
"Brotherhood Civil War" event removed (see focus)
"Broken Coast" event no longer forces alliance between WBH and BKR
"The Old Country" event removed
"Heaven's Gates" event removed
"The Devils" event removed

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[64d850cc80...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/64d850cc80dea3804b36b604d9e755665bcabb02)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 16:46:51 by Marko Grdinić

"9:30am. I'll change. If my path was right, I would never have ended up in such a desperate situation. Money does not matter, but I can't let my whole cultivation effort hinge of getting access to better hardware through the job market lottery.

A proper path would support me every step of the way.

Any mail? Got a reject from one place. Nothing from Z. Seriously, just what happened to that thread? Did he look at the Spiral commits and dislike my blogging style? Did something really happen to him in real life? Who knows.

9:35am. One thing I am sure of is that I am wrong. Trying to tackle poker directly was too much. I did the most sensible thing I could with RL, but the difficulty of the simplest task is just too high. Poker is the easiest game out there, but I can't beat it. Cultivating this path is not a viable approach to AI.

But then what is? Maybe being a pro researcher is a viable path, but I am affiliated with any research institution. And I can't afford to burn away money like Deepmind and OpenAI in hope of making a breakthrough.

9:40am. I could probably get the AI chip by getting a cheapo job, but I do not feel like it. Maybe having better hardware would allow me to beat poker specifically, but what do I do after that? I'll have the same problem all over again.

I did not think that things would end up this way. I expected that if I acted in all honesty according to my goals, that the winds of inspiration would push me forward and above the obstacles rather than slam me headfirst into them.

The path I am on tried going through deep learning and RL.

But consider Z's approach - he does a bunch of probabilistic programming, and bunch of boring statistics stuff, and yet believes and I think it is right that it is a viable cultivation approach for AI. No big nets, no RL.

The Bayesians know that their approach is consistent with rational reasoning and everything else is not, so they can have faith in it.

9:45am. One thing I understand about myself is that I have such low interest in regular statistics stuff. And my affinity for the data science kinds of jobs that I see out there is low. I am just not interested in that kind of work.

What I really wanted was to make a language and then use that language to make optimized implementations of existing algorithms on novel hardware as the precursor to doing my own thing. But that is not viable. It built up my programming skills, but the approach is not viable.

If I have to change while still doing AI work, why I don't I find a use for probabilistic programming in creative work? I can write, so why not start with that? As for poker agents, there might be a market in making a game with weak players. Remember that King of Poker game? I could do something like that, but with games my big problem is art and music.

It would really be great if I could use prob programming to shore up my ability in the art and sound department.

9:50am. Seriously fuck ASP.NET. A proper path would not ask me to wade through a sea of shit.

I know probabilistic programming has the potential to be something great. Deep learning and RL are very limited. I can only throw them at predicting the result of some simulator. But with probabilistic programming I could compose such simulators and tame the aspects of their randomness.

I need an alternative path.

10am. I knew from the start that making games is a lot easier than actually beating them. But just writing or creating art would make me a charlatan in the eyes of future seekers. I thought it was my duty to do it as honestly as possible. Screw that.

The main problem with me picking up PPLs is that I had no viable use for them due to uninterest in statistics. But if I could plug them into my creative process, maybe something will happen and I'll pick up an approach to AI that doesn't involve burning money and time.

10:05am. It is all about skill. If I had the skills I could do what I wanted even with current hardware. But I don't.

But if I had the skills, I'd also have the path to get them.

Having the right path is the most important thing. I'll never regret seeking the Singularity, but I will regret it if I approach the next 6 years in the same way as I have the previous ones. What has happened has happened. It is not like I got nothing out of my current approach. But I want something more tangible from here on out.

Let me make the next arc of Simulacrum a stochastic novel.

10:10am. I'll focus on game making starting with writing. I'll keep an eye out on PL related jobs, but the job lottery is just that. I am cursed so I am unlikely to ever get what I want.

10:15am. If I am going to be a pro programmer, I really should be making software and selling it for other people rather than seeking a salary. That would be a better fit for me.

No, not random programs. Creative uses of inference are what I need.

Let me have some fun here. Yesterday I spent my day applying, but today how about just I give programming a break and think about it a little. I've been stressed for a while. I still am.

10:25am. I probably won't succeed at destressing until I make the final decision to try the new approach.

10:30am. Hmmm, what would be an appropriate library? Will Infer.NET be good enough or do I need something more? Well, it might not be a bad idea to push it as far as it can go first before I try something else.

1:10pm. Right now I am watching Visions. I am thinking of just playing Hollow Knight, but games are verboten till 6pm. If I break it, I'll start acquiring lazy habits.

Yeah, I just do not want one of these dead end backend jobs. I want to live by my own work.

I thought it is good to have pride and ambition, but if you can't get money and power, you might as well cultivate the arts. Maybe my ability is not good enough. Maybe my path is not strong enough. Maybe the other people have stacked the deck so they get all the strong cards.

But those who are weak cannot be expected to be strong. And I cannot expect to go against my own nature.

I'll work hard in my own way even if it never gets me what I want.

I'll walk a different path.

1:15pm. It really was a lot of fun mastering functional programming, but I need something more and probabilistic programming will fit the bill.

I still have more good stories left in me, I'd regret it if I did not write at least one more Simulacrum arc.

1:20pm. It was different last time. Last time I was smitten by the idea of self improvement as iterative suicide. I still have the same values, but now I have a deep sadness over my weakness and am awed by the profoundity of intelligence.

This weakness...will I ever get rid of it?

1:50pm. Ok, enough anime. Let me start mentally preparing myself for the next step. I'll chill a bit more and then maybe start working on the intro scenes.

3:05pm. Let me start. This is a new page in the chapter of my life's story. To motivate myself, let me write out the Intro. The first page is the most important as it sets the tone for the rest of the story.

I should write out several intros and randomly insert them.

///

Intro 1 for Simulacrum: Heaven's Key.

Watching romance movies as a kid, I always wondered about the way story was presented. The boy and the girl get together in a relationship after overcoming adversity. 90 minutes, and the credits roll. As the curtains fall on the story, I remember the distinct sensation of wondering about their life afterwards. Take the scene of happily ever after, add 60 years to it, and it is going to change to a grave.

Or studying history, you can look at World War 2 and conclude that Hitler was bad and nazism must never be allowed to rise again. But to me the main lesson, and a deep concern was the question of what I would do it if I was born in that era. I would be drawn into that adult squabble, only to likely die from explosions or bullets in some battle. Imagine being born, having dreams only to get shredded powerless by a hail of gunfire. If such a war happened again, I would have no way of running from it and overcoming another such likely grizzly end.

As I am just a human.

But the games have taught me that if you make the right decisions and follow the correct path, you can win. That reality works according to consistent rules and that maybe with consistent effort, I could find the cheat codes for real life. The ultimate dream of every gamer when they were a kid.

I do not remember when the dream was born, but by the time I entered high school the urge to overcome the mundane and the rule of the crowd had taken crowd. Deep inside, the gap between me and others made me want to push away and seek what lies beyond.

///

After a long hiatus, here it is. Half a page written of the new Simulacrum arc. This is the first thing I've written of the story in over half a decade.

3:55pm. Right now I am thinking about the follow up scenes.

For the initial part of the game, the scenes will be split between school and the MC's room

4:05pm. The important thing is to capture the feel of it.

4:10pm. The way I've imagined the game, instead of doing, the main way of pushing the MC will be the Think action. In contrast to the usual games, since this will be a stochastic novel I'll want to keep all the stats latent.

In the opening of the game, why don't I switch between the room and school one action at a time, and later I might increase the time spent in either area. In the story, the school had just started for him, and in social situation he will have to constantly choose between pro-social and anti-social actions.

The kicker is that doing too much pro-social stuff will cause a bad end when the MC becomes too normie. Being self-centered is the right choice even if it causes his social status to drop and unhappiness to rise.

Ultimately, even in the case of some light bullying, it is not like that will kill him. But being a normie in the age of nightmares very much will.

4:25pm. Ok, let me try to sample something from my mind.

///

Scene 1 - Classroom (Math Intro)

After telling us to turn the page to the start of the book, the math teacher turns to the blackboard and starts writing out algebraic symbols with her practiced hand. The light chatter from the start of the class quiets down, but some students can be heard whispering to each other and sneaking glances, not paying attention to the lesson. The first year classes have just started and the students are eager to socialize. I think, the best time to make friendships and connection is during this window of time.

---

Think (Selects Attitude): {About the lesson, About my ambition}

///

4:40pm. I need to go through it in this order. Later when I get a grasp on things I'll make the scenes more involved.

///

Scene 1 - Classroom (Math Intro) - Think about the lesson

The time to socialize will be after the class ends. For the next 45 minutes I should focus on the lesson. The material is not particularly hard, but I know from my experience in previous years that unless I practice, I'll forget how to do the problems during the test. It was really annoying how my test scores fluctuated up and down depending on my level of immersion in the material. I need to focus in order to immerse myself.

If I maintain the proper mental state throughout, I'll be able to get As.

...I suppose that will be good for my future job prospects.

Do I even care about that?

{Yes, No}

* Yes

Why wouldn't I care? Getting a good job is obviously better than getting a bad one which is what will happen if I don't pay attention here. I'll still have time for my real dream after the school is done.

Social:
(Normie +1)
(Outsider -1)

Mental:
(Scholastics +1)
(Inspiration -1)

* No

The class is a real struggle to pull through and I am not having much success focusing. Will I have to endure this tedium constantly for the next 4 years? And for what? So I can go to an university and endure years more of this? There has to be a better way. I need to find it. The time passed as such with me pinning my hopes on what comes later. I do spend some mental energy so I do not flunk the class completely later.

Mental:
(Scholastics -1)
(Pathos +1)

///

Now let me do the other branch.

5:25pm. Had to take a break, let me start. Yeah, this is fun, I've missed writing. Doing it in a different format will spice things up for me. Let me just note that the above score changes are not linear counters, but observations for some distribution.

///

Scene 1 - Classroom (Math Intro) - Think about my ambition

As I read the letters being written out on the blackboard in such a format, a feeling of disgust wells up from deep within me. It is 2025, and yet we are still being herded into classroom and lectured to like it is the 19th century. It is as if school has become an iron law of society whereas 200 years ago it barely even existed.

Right now, I am having trouble focusing, but instead of me spending my precious and limited mental energy on this boring lecture wouldn't it be great if instead I could reprogram my own mind to find it enjoyable? Human brains are bad at everything and the technology to change that exists.

As the teacher finishes writing out a segment on the blackboard and starts lecturing, I tune out the world around me.

For a moment, I get the impulse that it might not be a good idea to do that, but I squash the impulse not to drift off into my own world. Instead of I focus on that singular idea, the desire to automate my own learning, feeding it and making it grow stronger.

I must believe in myself and my own path. It is just foolishness to think that I can manage both schoolwork and searching for the way to reach my ambition. I should focus on what really matters.

The lecture ends uneventfully like that. During the later lectures due to the unbearable tedium of the material, I drop all pretense of paying attention. Instead of staying upright, I spent my time lying on the desk using my arm as a pillow. This annoyed the teachers as I am in the front row seat, but I did not feel even the slightest bit of shame.

Social:
(Normie -2)
(Outsider +2)

Mental:
(Scholastics -2)
(Will +1)
(Inspiration +1)

///

I did that last one in high school some of the time. My grades were way worse that in elementary/middle school. I used to be a decent student before that. I just completely lost interest in studying and paying attention during that time. Right now, the only thing I regret was not going all the way. My actual choice was closer to the middle one.

If the brain cores existed I'd like to think that I'd dive right into the last one.

6:20pm. Done with lunch. I should title the first episode of the story Inspiration. Also each scene will have a date to indicate the progress of time.

And now that the player has made his choices, they will affect the future scenes.

6:25pm. I do not feel like writing anything more today, but tomorrow I'll crank out a few more. 3 per day comes out to over a 1000 per year. It will pile up. I'll release it as an app on some online store. Last time I had a lot of trouble due to not having money to hire an editor and so I lost interest in publishing the book.

This time I'll have a gimmick to draw people in.

Forget statistics, I think that probabilistic programming could have a huge opportunity in creative arts. Text, music, graphics - all could benefit if the techniques could be refined. The thing I will do here with random vars as latents will be the babiest application of it.

6:35pm. I'll have to write it so that it takes at least a week of in-game time of decision making up to the brain conversion. The decision to upload should not be trivialized. It is the first and most important step to post-humanity. The Inspired travel the path of transcendence.

6:40pm. Let me play Hollow Knight. I think I am 3/4ths done by this point.

I want to give it a few days before I try applying to PL jobs. I am going to give the backend trash a rest from here on out. I am not going to do the Theorem test unless my parents die in a car accident or something. Z should pop online at some point too. I do not think he is specifically ignoring me. If he wanted to close the thread it would be easier to just say - 'sorry, I found somebody better suited for the role, good luck on your job hunt'. Also, he'll want to deal with my documentation PRs at some point. Since that has not happened, I can only guess that he is busy offline.

I would like to work on PPLs, I'd definitely accept that kind of offer. PPLs have to be the answer, because anything else is hard to imagine."

---
## [mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming)@[9858dec166...](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming/commit/9858dec1663a1bf1bf7805938c0201b07ffad784)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 20:33:33 by Karel Ha

Compete in Facebook Hacker Cup '21 Round 2

points: 0/100 pts :-( :-( :-(
- "The top 2,000 competitors who solve at least one problem in this
  round will receive a Facebook Hacker Cup t-shirt." :-( :-(
  -> advancing, thank god last year not repeated!
rank: 2833/6789 (out of ~6789 contestants) = last place :-(
- last among the 4 friends
  - all solved A and C1!
    - to upsolve?
PERCENTILE: N/A (~ N/A overall) :-( :-(

Analysis
--------

- came late by ~10s
  <- tight nap before
     => NAP WELL ENOUGH AHEAD!
     => DON'T SCHEDULE MENTALLY TOUGH WORKLOAD BEFORE!
- emotionally unstable, stressed from personal life
  - decreased focus & IQ

C1: TLE
- driver got stuck on the large input file (>9MiB)
  - (10^6)^2 billions of operations possibly
  => ALWAYS PAY ATTENTION TO LARGE CONSTRAINTS!!!
  => POSSIBLY RUN ON A MAX TEST!!
     - JUST TO SEE TIME, NOT CORRECTNESS!

A: unsolved
- painfully long & confusing description
- weird optimization problem
- not clear/crisp idea for solution
  - struggling
  => PLAN AHEAD ON PEN&PAPER WELL!

- some ideas with optimally allocating clothes underneath
  - greedy solution

presubmit bugs/hesitations
  - how to keep track of who needs assigned outfit underneath already
  => GO OVER PLAN/ALGORITHM AT THE END!!
     - IF IT'S FULL!

Signed-off-by: Karel Ha <mathemage@gmail.com>

---
## [matthewgismondi76/matthewgismondi76.github.io](https://github.com/matthewgismondi76/matthewgismondi76.github.io)@[38800fd0e5...](https://github.com/matthewgismondi76/matthewgismondi76.github.io/commit/38800fd0e5b151b85f2e9db0050763210aac816a)
#### Saturday 2021-09-25 20:50:01 by matthewgismondi76

Update README.md

Realized I was being too nice and included a little more purple. I mean truth. If you want tekhelet then you'll have to wait until my own cup is replaced with one that isn't full of holes and other people's siphon tubes who think that by destroying every bit of fun I could possibly have they are doing the Will of Almighty God saving the world from an evil sex crazed Jezzebel spirited monster. Get over yourselves and take a look in the mirror. You are the terrorists and not me. And my allegiance is not with anyone except Jesus Christ so do not even think for a second that I wouldn't throw anyone else under the bus in a heartbeat for a dirty look even.

---

# [<](2021-09-24.md) 2021-09-25 [>](2021-09-26.md)

