# [<](2021-02-02.md) 2021-02-03 [>](2021-02-04.md)

3,107,533 events, 1,507,865 push events, 2,377,399 commit messages, 189,058,215 characters


## [sameer-1997/Movielens-Case-Study](https://github.com/sameer-1997/Movielens-Case-Study)@[40a507f73c...](https://github.com/sameer-1997/Movielens-Case-Study/commit/40a507f73c85f339dcaa9718f5d08fccd88e120c)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 00:13:12 by sameer-1997

Add files via upload

DESCRIPTION

Background of Problem Statement :

The GroupLens Research Project is a research group in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota. Members of the GroupLens Research Project are involved in many research projects related to the fields of information filtering, collaborative filtering, and recommender systems. The project is led by professors John Riedl and Joseph Konstan. The project began to explore automated collaborative filtering in 1992 but is most well known for its worldwide trial of an automated collaborative filtering system for Usenet news in 1996. Since then the project has expanded its scope to research overall information by filtering solutions, integrating into content-based methods, as well as, improving current collaborative filtering technology.

Problem Objective :

Here, we ask you to perform the analysis using the Exploratory Data Analysis technique. You need to find features affecting the ratings of any particular movie and build a model to predict the movie ratings.

Domain: Entertainment

Analysis Tasks to be performed:

Import the three datasets
Create a new dataset [Master_Data] with the following columns MovieID Title UserID Age Gender Occupation Rating. (Hint: (i) Merge two tables at a time. (ii) Merge the tables using two primary keys MovieID & UserId)
Explore the datasets using visual representations (graphs or tables), also include your comments on the following:
User Age Distribution
User rating of the movie “Toy Story”
Top 25 movies by viewership rating
Find the ratings for all the movies reviewed by for a particular user of user id = 2696
Feature Engineering:
            Use column genres:

Find out all the unique genres (Hint: split the data in column genre making a list and then process the data to find out only the unique categories of genres)
Create a separate column for each genre category with a one-hot encoding ( 1 and 0) whether or not the movie belongs to that genre. 
Determine the features affecting the ratings of any particular movie.
Develop an appropriate model to predict the movie ratings
Dataset Description :

These files contain 1,000,209 anonymous ratings of approximately 3,900 movies made by 6,040 MovieLens users who joined MovieLens in 2000.

Ratings.dat
    Format - UserID::MovieID::Rating::Timestamp

Field	Description
UserID	Unique identification for each user
MovieID	Unique identification for each movie
Rating	User rating for each movie
Timestamp	Timestamp generated while adding user review
UserIDs range between 1 and 6040 
The MovieIDs range between 1 and 3952
Ratings are made on a 5-star scale (whole-star ratings only)
A timestamp is represented in seconds since the epoch is returned by time(2)
Each user has at least 20 ratings
 

Users.dat
Format -  UserID::Gender::Age::Occupation::Zip-code

Field	Description
UserID	Unique identification for each user
Genere	Category of each movie
Age	User’s age
Occupation	User’s Occupation
Zip-code	Zip Code for the user’s location
All demographic information is provided voluntarily by the users and is not checked for accuracy. Only users who have provided demographic information are included in this data set.

Gender is denoted by an "M" for male and "F" for female
Age is chosen from the following ranges:
 

Value	Description
1	"Under 18"
18	"18-24"
25	"25-34"
35	"35-44"
45	"45-49"
50	"50-55"
56	"56+"
 

Occupation is chosen from the following choices:
Value
 	Description
0	"other" or not specified
1	"academic/educator"
2	"artist”
3	"clerical/admin"
4	"college/grad student"
5	"customer service"
6	"doctor/health care"
7	"executive/managerial"
8	"farmer"
9	"homemaker"
10	"K-12 student"
11	"lawyer"
12	"programmer"
13	"retired"
14	 "sales/marketing"
15	"scientist"
16	 "self-employed"
17	"technician/engineer"
18	"tradesman/craftsman"
19	"unemployed"
20	"writer”

Movies.dat
Format - MovieID::Title::Genres

Field	Description
MovieID	Unique identification for each movie
Title	A title for each movie
Genres	Category of each movie
 

 Titles are identical to titles provided by the IMDB (including year of release)
 

Genres are pipe-separated and are selected from the following genres:
Action
Adventure
Animation
Children's
Comedy
Crime
Documentary
Drama
Fantasy
Film-Noir
Horror
Musical
Mystery
Romance
Sci-Fi
Thriller
War
Western
Some MovieIDs do not correspond to a movie due to accidental duplicate entries and/or test entries
Movies are mostly entered by hand, so errors and inconsistencies may exist

---
## [paracycle/parlour](https://github.com/paracycle/parlour)@[41015ce4cc...](https://github.com/paracycle/parlour/commit/41015ce4cc9e28d62ed59f5fa267eeae2eead0be)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 00:35:27 by Ufuk Kayserilioglu

Improve constant name lookup

There were a few things wrong with the way the current code was looking
up constant names:

1. The parameter supplied to the `path` method can be typed as a
`Module` since `Class` is a subclass of `Module`, thus, every constant
would be a `Module`.
2. The parameter name as `object` was misleading, since we don't expect
any random object, but a constant.
3. Looking up the name of a constant via the `to_s` method is a world of
pain, since `to_s` does more magic like converting singleton names to
`#<Class:Foo>` format or refinement names to `#<refinement:Bar xxx>`
format. All of these are ultimately useless as a class/module identifier
and cannot be processed properly by this method. We should be looking up
the actual `name` of the constant.
4. Looking up the actual name of the constant is not straight-forward
since a lot of code in the wild actually override the `name` class
method and return non-sensical values. What gives the most accurate
result is to call the `Module.name` method on the current constant
instance, which can be achieved using the `bind.call` trick. This
ensures that we get the identifier used to originally bind the constant
with, not a value returned from a potentially overridden `name` method.

This PR adds tests and makes code changes to ensure that
`Namespace#path` is safe against these pitfalls

---
## [Jiingy/Jineric-Mod](https://github.com/Jiingy/Jineric-Mod)@[703e70521c...](https://github.com/Jiingy/Jineric-Mod/commit/703e70521c9293c771bd66ef0072a8cb172a1123)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 02:28:32 by Eric

Added new blocks, world gen.

Added:
- Smooth Stone stairs/wall
- World gen for slate

Removed:
- CORRITE FUCKIGN AGAIN HOLY SHIT AFADSGUB FMNKIM WNDYJGATNM VBDHTNGAEVMFHD
- Duplicates

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[382fcecd40...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/382fcecd407c086f1dadf2f68b4ba31f380691e1)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 02:42:09 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-02-02: SEE ONTARIO DATA NOTES.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, BC, MB, NB, ON, SK); mortality (AB, QC); testing (NT).

2021-02-02: ONTARIO DATA REPORTING MAY HAVE UNUSUAL NUMBERS FOR THE NEXT SEVERAL DAYS. SEE BELOW. https://www.ontario.ca/page/how-ontario-is-responding-covid-19

“Toronto Public Health has now migrated all of their data to the provincial data system, CCM. This migration has impacted today’s daily counts. Most notably, TPH’s case count is negative following the identification of duplicate cases as well as data corrections to some fields (e.g., long-term care home residents and health care workers), resulting in an underestimation of today's cases. In addition, case counts for other PHUs may have been affected by system outages related to the migration. As a result, we anticipate fluctuations in case numbers over the next few days.”

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 38 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 9,862 due to the withdrawal of 2 deaths that the investigation has shown not to be attributable to COVID-19. Among these 38 deaths, 7 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 22 have occurred between January 26 and January 31 and 9 have occurred before January 26.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [safiyyama/1704246_FYP](https://github.com/safiyyama/1704246_FYP)@[121e1da9ab...](https://github.com/safiyyama/1704246_FYP/commit/121e1da9abc0ccecf02e26f331ed59737ccba217)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 02:51:20 by safiyyama

Made changes to the database, changed the name to food_intolerance.db and changed the columns to included date (primary key), breakfast, lunch, dinner and snack. Date gets inputted into database as the current date when. Changed the UI to included fields of entry for the new database. All works well and is added correctly to database however UI is messed up

---
## [newstools/2021-the-star](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-star)@[49b40b5d71...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-star/commit/49b40b5d7187b5c19274b2ce66363dd5a9757b54)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 04:19:07 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.the-star.co.ke/news/2021-02-02-woman-gets-10-years-for-defiling-girl-with-boyfriend/]

---
## [GregariousJB/RetroPie-Docs](https://github.com/GregariousJB/RetroPie-Docs)@[44e558a22e...](https://github.com/GregariousJB/RetroPie-Docs/commit/44e558a22e5689de714200e85074d0c0202f4db8)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 07:58:57 by GregariousJB

Update Updating-RetroPie.md

Just going to update this screenshot of retropie_setup to the latest version and ask a few questions.

That whole section beneath the screenshot feels overkill. It's listing every single option in the script instead of just keeping it relevant to the point of this page - updating. I'm still new to this project so correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't the `Update` section  update ***everything***, including the retropie-setup script and all optional packages? If so, ideally only that should be mentioned.

After that, I think the "Manage packages" section can certainly be mentioned to update individual things, but with the knowledge that it's not necessary if the user uses the "Update" function (again, correct me if I'm wrong). I think I can cut down a lot of fluff on this page.

I'm not overly familiar with Binary and Source updates so I'd just leave that alone.

I wonder if the Making a Backup section should be it's own page, but not a big deal.  After having used win32diskimager once to try to get 40 GB of a 128 GB SD card flashed onto a 64 GB SD card and failing, I'll probably want to mention that. And after doing some Googlin' and seeing how other people circumvent this SD card limitation by just backing up certain folders, like `/home/pi/RetroPie/roms` and `/opt/retropie/configs/all/emulationstation/gamelists`, I'm thinking of mentioning all the "important" folders but I don't know all of them yet. WinSCP is great at gzipping folders that can be dragged anywhere for backups. Might be worth a mention: https://i.imgur.com/iK5EUsR.png

Thoughts?

On a side note, I'm just randomly picking pages. Is there a page you can think of that needs more help than most? My discord is `GregariousJB#6350` if you're feeling chatty. If not, no worries. I'm content with these little Github love letters if you are.

---
## [sindhu-siripuram/Hello-World](https://github.com/sindhu-siripuram/Hello-World)@[d060101bd8...](https://github.com/sindhu-siripuram/Hello-World/commit/d060101bd8126a90004d52748634a3a0eeaa96df)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 10:26:37 by sindhu-siripuram

Update README.md

hello there.

this is sindhu.
i am a dentist by profession. i would like to enter into the world of programming/coding..
its coz i dnt want to be bound at a place and want to move around(different countries), come out of the box which unfortunately is not possible with my profession,as my degree is not valid in most of the countriesand its inflexibility to moe around.
i found the lifestyle of my friends from other profession very flexible and interesting and i was so much attracted and fascinated with the black magic screen. then i decided this would be the way to my dreams and made up my mind to learn programming. now as am just a beginner and would love to use help/tips from any.
this is all about me.

thank you!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6699df71ad...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6699df71ada2899592173c791e02404e54f10d91)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 11:22:36 by Marko Grdinić

"9:25am. I am up. Let me change some things from yesterday. I'll remove the RNN link from the resume as it was not the optimized RNN that I did. That thing is buried in a past commit somewhere.

...Oh, it has been removed. It seems I fixed that already. Good. Let me just make sure that runtime casting has no overhead.

```
import numpy
cimport numpy
cdef class Tuple0:
    cdef readonly signed long v0
    cdef readonly double v1
    def __init__(self, signed long v0, double v1): self.v0 = v0; self.v1 = v1
cdef class Tuple1:
    cdef readonly signed long v0
    cdef readonly double v1
    cdef readonly double v2
    def __init__(self, signed long v0, double v1, double v2): self.v0 = v0; self.v1 = v1; self.v2 = v2
cpdef void main():
    cdef numpy.ndarray[object,ndim=1] v0
    cdef Tuple1 v1
    v0 = numpy.empty(10,dtype=object)
    v0[0] = Tuple0(1, 2.000000)
    v1 = v0[0]
```

Will this give me an error at runtime?

```
TypeError: Cannot convert testm.Tuple0 to testm.Tuple1
```

It does a checked cast.

```
v1 = <Tuple1>v0[0]
```

I can disable them like so though.

9:35am. Let me see if there have been any updates in the issues I opened yesterday.

Ok, the size 0 bug has been known for a while.

10:10am. Did some talking in the Cython issues.

What a waste of time this is. It took me 4 days to do the backend, and the array issue and Cython limitations wasted a few extra of them. I am done with this garbage. I do not care if there is a performance impact from safe casting. I'll stick with this.

Let me chill a bit today. I want to watch some Cython talks. After that I'll ease myself into ML. I do not want to bother myself with interviews for the rest of the week.

Forget Spiral. I finally fixed the 64-bit array, string and hashing issues. The codegen isn't doing any usafe conversion under the hood that could corrupt data at runtime.

Spiral is done.

TODO: Monadic syntax.
TODO: Autocomplete.
TODO: Highlight unused vars.
TODO: List and array patterns and literals.
TODO: Guard against stack overflows in the partial evaluator. Try running it on a separate thread.
TODO: Make literal suffices (such as `i64`) be highlighted differently from the rest of the number.
TODO: Make a VS Code theme for Spiral.
TODO: Spiral build option: Compile monomorphic functions in file. This will allow modules to be compiled as C style libraries. Monomorphic functions would be compiled without name mangling.

I will these TODOs far later.

10:15am. I do not want to think about the compiler, applying to companies or boosting my prestige. None of that matter.

10:20am. I thought of what I should do to raise me prestige, and I've gotten an idea. Wrap around the PyTorch library and extend it. Do with Spiral what would not be otherwise possible.

But this will happen naturally if traverse the main path. I won't need to have to put special effort on the side to this.

...

These weird language issues aside, I am actually quite enjoying Cython. It opened a huge range of possibilities for me.

10:25am. I gained a huge power now that I have it.

I didn't want to menion it, but now that I've positioned myself like this, I can stick it to Julia. The way I am doing it with Spiral is the right way to devour Python. I finally have a credible response to competitor languages in this space.

10:40am. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I1xyjc-JgGM
Tools for High Performance Python - Ian Ozsvald | ODSC Europe 2019

Let me watch this for a bit.

11:20am. Had to take a break. Let me watch this for a bit and I will have breakfast.

So far, I got up at a record early time, but completely wasted the advantage.

https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/#windows-anaconda
`conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio cudatoolkit=11.0 -c pytorch`

Let me run this.

Maybe I should also get Cuda 11. Ah, it seems Anaconda will install this as well.

PyTorch itself is 1Gb.

11:45am. It is a good thing I rememberd to do this in advance.

11:55am.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NfnMJMkhDoQ
Easy wins with Cython: fast and multi-core by Caleb Hattingh

Let me watch this. After that comes breakfast. I'll want to watch all the Cython talks eventually. Some of them are 3.5h long.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMvkiQ-gOW8
Cython: Blend the Best of Python and C++ | SciPy 2015 Tutorial | Kurt Smith

Let me check this out for a bit. I'll watch it while having breakfast."

---
## [Tristimdorion/Lab-Rats-2](https://github.com/Tristimdorion/Lab-Rats-2)@[aee83586da...](https://github.com/Tristimdorion/Lab-Rats-2/commit/aee83586da52be57f0228675fc85a2fc51f17e52)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 13:29:27 by Tristimdorion

Modified: fuck date, every round the chance increases that her boyfriend calls / gets home.

---
## [flleeppyy/fleepy.tv](https://github.com/flleeppyy/fleepy.tv)@[a4a031408c...](https://github.com/flleeppyy/fleepy.tv/commit/a4a031408c4445de4223f2528f57bbe02c354bea)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 15:31:23 by Flleeppyy

Revert "stupid fucking cache query increment BULLSHIT"

This reverts commit 2a6d6f6269457aaed2a9112ea9824928502e73a8.

---
## [akeeba/com_compatibility](https://github.com/akeeba/com_compatibility)@[b42e8de724...](https://github.com/akeeba/com_compatibility/commit/b42e8de724fc1c5401b97790c586b14bf5e3be61)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 16:23:18 by Nicholas K. Dionysopoulos

Fix Joomla's nonsense default filtering

I mean, sure, I put an editor field there totally expecting
that you will strip all HTML. Why wouldn't that make sense in
the mind of a stupid core developer who has never written and
published any extension in his life? Why provide sane defaults?
This is Joomla. Reason comes here to die!

---
## [RishuRajan/Data-Structure-And-Algorithm-with-Competitive-Programming](https://github.com/RishuRajan/Data-Structure-And-Algorithm-with-Competitive-Programming)@[67460d8f7f...](https://github.com/RishuRajan/Data-Structure-And-Algorithm-with-Competitive-Programming/commit/67460d8f7f52a49e2df33ad818a1c82e6f42a6c0)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 17:25:31 by Rishu Rajan

Is Love with Prime

Little Arjit is in love with Deepa. They have always thought of themselves as the ideal couple - the best, possible match they could've managed. (No kidding!) And like every other couple, they promised each other not to fight after every other fight. But, when has that happened before?

But, this is a different couple - this is a programming couple - and they argue on weird things, like Fibonacci numbers, prime numbers, Sterling numbers, and what not!

Their recent fight might seem silly to a lot of people, but it is a matter of serious concern for both of them. They have bought a cake, and they weighed it in milligrams - the weight of the cake is always even and now they wish to divide the cake between them in some way, that both of them are satisfied.

Arjit challenges Deepa that if she can divide the weight of the cake as sum of two prime numbers between them, she can have the entire cake - and if she fails to do so, he'll get the cake.

The argument is getting more, and more heated now - please help them sort out their stupid arguments or an easier way would be to help them figure out who is going to have the cake.

Input Format:
The first line will contain a number, tc, denoting the number of test cases.

The next tc lines will contain an even number, denoting the weight of the cake in milligrams.

Output Format:
Print "Arjit" or "Deepa" according to the winner.

Constraints:
1 <= tc <= 100
1 <= n <= 100000
1 is NOT a prime number.

SAMPLE INPUT 
2
4
8
SAMPLE OUTPUT 
Deepa
Deepa
Explanation
4 can be represented as 2 + 2, so Deepa wins. 8 can be represented as 5 + 3, so Deepa wins.

---
## [Cemkarakose/TechMarket](https://github.com/Cemkarakose/TechMarket)@[d80203c62f...](https://github.com/Cemkarakose/TechMarket/commit/d80203c62f466afd59f81751bc522381b0215b16)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 17:57:48 by Cemkarakose

Create README.md

Mr.Murawski
Hello sir My name is Aziz Cem Karakose my school number is :107794.I cant access my dacknf_@outlook.com e-mail so ı open new one sorry for different e-mail 
ı send my work one month ago if you remember and you said send me github now i will send this in github today is the deadline the project i will send this just in case.
Thank you for helping me to pass.I am very grateful to you. My homework may have some deficiencies as you remember but ı believe it is enough for me to pass

				I wish you a healthy and peaceful day sir 
							Best regards

---
## [plastic-hub/pp-next](https://github.com/plastic-hub/pp-next)@[8c28c1b327...](https://github.com/plastic-hub/pp-next/commit/8c28c1b327360699e656e48302fc4da96b205f18)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 18:41:46 by plastic-hub-dev-node-saturn

machines:lydia-v4.3:dist-upgrade:sw2020 - 13 months of sucking - and yet : big nothing - as always you sick fucks

---
## [TheRedstom/Her-gard](https://github.com/TheRedstom/Her-gard)@[dd25017906...](https://github.com/TheRedstom/Her-gard/commit/dd25017906822b3bd8ea58477d6832ccbbe1b283)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 18:52:50 by sonico10

Update Hergard-book.json

1.2
Revision and/or rebalance of:
Chilling Gaze
Celkilor's Syphon
Flame Blade
Focus Bolt
Freezing Smite
Hand of Heol
Ice Spear
Ludmilla's Dream Shape
Phantom Workshop
Raw Magic Burst
Roam
Shadowgaze
Corrected acid rain's school to evocation from abjuration.
Subclass Changes
1.2
Barbarian
•	Jötunnkyn: Name corrected in all occurrences
Cleric
•	Fate Domain: 2nd level Domain Spell blur changed to fortune's favor
•	Secrecy Domain: In Domain Spells, illusory script spell name corrected
Fighter
•	Blademaker: Blademake and Maneuvering Barrage revision
Monk
•	Four Elements: Become the Teapot grammar corrected
•	Sun Soul: Revised version added
Paladin
•	All extra 3rd level subclass features removed
Sorcerer
•	Bloodline Spells added and brought up to Tasha's standard for all subclasses
•	Blood Mage: All features revised
•	Dreamwalker: All features revised
•	Fey-Touched: All features revised
•	Oracle Bloodline: All features revised
Wizard
•	Unified the introductory wording of all primary 2nd level features to "When you adopt this tradition at 2nd level,..."
•	Hedge Magic All features revised
•	School of Herbology: Herbology Savant revised
Race Changes
1.2
•	Veneris: Venomous Bite reworded
•	Succubus/Incubus: Devil's Shapechange and Draining Kiss revised
Miscellaneous Changes
1.2
•	"Spell save DC" format unification so the s in save is not capitalized
•	Classes intro text change
•	Removed instances of "&shy;" from the document to clean up code and weirdly meticulous word separation

---
## [locutus2/Stockfish](https://github.com/locutus2/Stockfish)@[759d129e47...](https://github.com/locutus2/Stockfish/commit/759d129e4760938ded462a05061b421e18990937)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 20:18:19 by Mark Tenzer

Introduce Overload

This patch applies a S(10, 5) bonus for every square that is:

- Occupied by an enemy piece which is not a pawn
- Attacked exactly once by our pieces
- Defended exactly once by enemy pieces

The idea is that these pieces must be defended. Their defenders have
dramatically limited mobility, and they are vulnerable to our future
attack.

As with connectivity, there are probably many more tests to be run in
this area. In particular:

- I believe @snicolet's queen overload tests have demonstrated a potential
  need for a queen overload bonus above and beyond this one; however, the
  conditions for "overload" in this patch are different (excluding pieces
  we attack twice).  My next test after this is (hopefully) merged will be
  to intersect the Bitboard I define here with the enemy's queen attacks and
  attempt to give additional bonus.
- Perhaps we should exclude pieces attacked by pawns--can pawns really be
  overloaded? Should they have the same weight, or less?  This didn't work
  with a previous version, but it could work with this one.
- More generally, different pieces may need more or less bonus. We could
  change bonuses based on what type of enemy piece is being overloaded, what
  type of friendly piece is attacking, and/or what type of piece is being
  defended by the overloaded piece and attacked by us, or any intersection
  of these three.  For example, here attacked/defended pawns are excluded,
  but they're not totally worthless targets, and could be added again with
  a smaller bonus.
- This list is by no means exhaustive.

STC:
LLR: 2.96 (-2.94,2.94) [0.00,5.00]
Total: 17439 W: 3599 L: 3390 D: 10450
http://tests.stockfishchess.org/tests/view/5ac78a2e0ebc59435923735e

LTC:
LLR: 2.95 (-2.94,2.94) [0.00,5.00]
Total: 43304 W: 6533 L: 6256 D: 30515
http://tests.stockfishchess.org/tests/view/5ac7a1d80ebc59435923736f

Closes https://github.com/official-stockfish/Stockfish/pull/1533

Bench: 5248871

----------------

This is my first time opening a PR, so I apologize if there are errors.
There are too many people to thank since I submitted my first test just
over a month ago. Thank you all for the warm welcome and here is to more
green patches!

In particular, I would like to thank:
- @crossbr, whose comment in a FishCooking thread first inspired me to
            consider the overloading of pieces other than queens,
- @snicolet, whose queen overload tests inspired this one and served as
             the base of my first overload attempts,
- @protonspring, whose connectivity tests inspired this one and who provided
                 much of the feedback needed to take this from red to green,
- @vondele, who kindly corrected me when I submitted a bad LTC test,
- @Rocky640, who has helped me over and over again in the past month.

Thank you all!

---
## [jakobbbb/pvs-uebung-5](https://github.com/jakobbbb/pvs-uebung-5)@[37ba908cc2...](https://github.com/jakobbbb/pvs-uebung-5/commit/37ba908cc2a4ebe0babbcc3b007f4832d765acea)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 20:41:53 by Jakob Ruckel

Fixed it

Oh boy, do I _enjoy_ randomly changing around magic numbers until my
assert() stops fucking failing all the god-damn time.

---
## [LSlayer123/A-Level_Project](https://github.com/LSlayer123/A-Level_Project)@[d6bfc90b5f...](https://github.com/LSlayer123/A-Level_Project/commit/d6bfc90b5f504d83d09aecfcb7e5eda72420d830)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 20:58:52 by LSlayer123

quiker commit to adjust button sizes based on resolutions - I hate my life

---
## [DisturbHerb/goonstation-scrapstation](https://github.com/DisturbHerb/goonstation-scrapstation)@[7c38868204...](https://github.com/DisturbHerb/goonstation-scrapstation/commit/7c3886820434a6faadfdfa41e72c742c54a0bda4)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 21:40:22 by DisturbHerb

Revert "you too, sure, fuck you"

This reverts commit 2ab49dca4993b79366cbbda53d2c770f56c55fd4.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[1611aaa70a...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/1611aaa70a1268392f8076e688b6181b6fbd4b18)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 22:37:07 by necromanceranne

Pipeguns: Elitism Edition (#56322)

About The Pull Request

The core of the PR:

The improvised shotgun that was is dead and removed.

Now we have Pipeguns. Pipeguns are bolt action rifles that have a damage multiplier that reduces their damage to 75%, and can be modified to fit the rare 7.62mm bullets. If you want to that is.

The pipegun also slowly increases in misfire probability for every shot at a rate of 5% per shot.

Pipeguns can also be upgraded to Regal Pipeguns. These contain more bullets, don't misfire and don't have a damage multiplier. To acquire one is a maint secret, only available to lucky assistants who come across the diary of a dead assistant. The probability of finding the book is quite, quite low.

Bandoliers now fit individual 7.62mm. Because why not. Currently they're available in stripper clips that fit into most combat belts so this is mostly a style preference at the moment

Other shit

Ammo modification and misfire behaviour is now generalized to all ballistics. You can now make any gun misfire and any internal magazine gun swap ammunition.

Misfires are not a flat chance. Instead, they increment as the gun fires over time.

Ports over this PR Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13#12274 which I felt was pretty neat conceptually for making some weapons weaker.

Makes the icemoon hermit's mosin into a regal pipegun, just to get mosins out of easy access.
Why It's Good For The Game

Improvised shotguns were one of my favourite weapons to horribly abuse while they were utterly broken a nice alternative, but I fully support moving towards curbing gun power curve. Part of that should include looking at improvised weapons like this which are seeing considerable usage with the removal of buckshot and slugs.

Initially I wanted to pair this with a PR of my own to bop Mosins on the skull along with it, but #56319 is already doing that, and while it's a very lenient approach to my own (I was going to remove them entirely from cargo), I respect it.

Changelog

cl
add: Replaces improvised shotguns with Pipeguns (with a special variant for those willing to go through arbitrary bullshit to acquire it and sheer good luck).
add: Now all guns can be set to misfire and swap ammunition.
add: Misfire chance is incremental as you fire the weapon, and not a flat static chance. This can be reset by using a piece of cloth on the gun and 10 seconds of cleaning.
balance: This has been applied to the detective revolver, but it only increments while using .357 bullets.
add: Guns can have damage multipliers attached for the bullets they fire. The pipegun (but not the regal version) is the first example with a 75% damage output.
balance: The Ice Hermit now has a regal pipegun instead of a Mosin Nagant.
balance: The bandolier fits 7.62mm.
balance: You can construct receivers and rifle stocks in the crafting menu.
balance: Detaches the magical rifles from the boltaction subtype, since they are just basically not using any variables attached to that subtype and made from a series of early returns.
/cl

---
## [scepnex/tgstation](https://github.com/scepnex/tgstation)@[cd4bca5257...](https://github.com/scepnex/tgstation/commit/cd4bca525724b9228bf920c0bf514c793b3ead85)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 22:47:52 by Tlaltecuhtli

adds new wiz spell: duffelbag curse (#55286)

it gives target a no drop duffelbag which every around 100s will try check if there is food inside else it attacks you, you can poison the food to make it die faster.
more variety for wiz to annoy crew that isnt murder bone

---
## [ColinIanKing/linux-next](https://github.com/ColinIanKing/linux-next)@[d7ee81ad09...](https://github.com/ColinIanKing/linux-next/commit/d7ee81ad09f072eab1681877fc71ec05f9c1ae92)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 23:23:56 by Dan Carpenter

NFC: nci: Add some bounds checking in nci_hci_cmd_received()

This is similar to commit 674d9de02aa7 ("NFC: Fix possible memory
corruption when handling SHDLC I-Frame commands").

I'm not totally sure, but I think that commit description may have
overstated the danger.  I was under the impression that this data came
from the firmware?  If you can't trust your networking firmware, then
you're already in trouble.

Anyway, these days we add bounds checking where ever we can and we call
it kernel hardening.  Better safe than sorry.

Fixes: 11f54f228643 ("NFC: nci: Add HCI over NCI protocol support")
Signed-off-by: Dan Carpenter <dan.carpenter@oracle.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[402f3f75f8...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/402f3f75f8f7e6eca4a5a6157c73d7fc553d1057)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-03 23:56:19 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts
of kindness and love.
		-- Wordsworth

---

# [<](2021-02-02.md) 2021-02-03 [>](2021-02-04.md)

