# [<](2021-03-26.md) 2021-03-27 [>](2021-03-28.md)

2,077,150 events, 1,182,354 push events, 1,683,151 commit messages, 107,369,605 characters


## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[62ebd2a418...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/62ebd2a418469484d8c46a63037ff774135b618e)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 02:25:30 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-26. See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (MB, ON, SK, YT); mortality (BC); testing (YT).

Toronto's case number for today is inflated as it includes "approximately 260 cases from March 18 - March 24 that were not previously reported" due to technical issues

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “7 new deaths, for a total of 10,637 deaths: 1 death in the last 24 hours, 4 deaths between March 19 and March 24, 2 deaths before March 19.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13)@[4f631c29bb...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13/commit/4f631c29bbcf4b9df5db76d98f4f8e47a5c02b8e)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 07:34:25 by silicons

Merge pull request #14504 from zeroisthebiggay/tritails

i hate kitsune players so here i am porting triple kitsune tails from VORE fuck you

---
## [clarencelol/kernel_xiaomi_sdm660-illium](https://github.com/clarencelol/kernel_xiaomi_sdm660-illium)@[f7294d58ae...](https://github.com/clarencelol/kernel_xiaomi_sdm660-illium/commit/f7294d58ae2a9cea9f52b344c6290e79b2d6a1e6)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 07:35:15 by Peter Zijlstra

locking/rwsem: Fix down_write_killable()

The new signal_pending exit path in __rwsem_down_write_failed_common()
was fingered as breaking his kernel by Tetsuo Handa.

Upon inspection it was found that there are two things wrong with it;

 - it forgets to remove WAITING_BIAS if it leaves the list empty, or
 - it forgets to wake further waiters that were blocked on the now
   removed waiter.

Especially the first issue causes new lock attempts to block and stall
indefinitely, as the code assumes that pending waiters mean there is
an owner that will wake when it releases the lock.

Reported-by: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Tested-by: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Tested-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Alexander Shishkin <alexander.shishkin@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo <acme@redhat.com>
Cc: Chris Zankel <chris@zankel.net>
Cc: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Cc: Davidlohr Bueso <dave@stgolabs.net>
Cc: H. Peter Anvin <hpa@zytor.com>
Cc: Jiri Olsa <jolsa@redhat.com>
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Max Filippov <jcmvbkbc@gmail.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Stephane Eranian <eranian@google.com>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Tony Luck <tony.luck@intel.com>
Cc: Vince Weaver <vincent.weaver@maine.edu>
Cc: Waiman Long <Waiman.Long@hpe.com>
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20160512115745.GP3192@twins.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: clarencelol <clarencekuiek@icloud.com>

---
## [mempool/mempool](https://github.com/mempool/mempool)@[cea6cdb3a0...](https://github.com/mempool/mempool/commit/cea6cdb3a0bc1f603ccbd5b4afc2d95cb08e3811)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 11:00:01 by wiz

Dual-license mempool under both the GNU AGPLv3 and GNU GPLv3 licenses

A few weeks ago in #388, we changed the license for the mempool project
from MIT+CC to AGPLv3. This was met with very positive feedback from the
Bitcoin community, except a few very large enterprise organizations that
love the mempool project, but are now no longer able to use the project,
since apparently some enterprise organizations have an internal policy
of not using AGPL licensed software.

Since the AGPLv3 license is compatible with the GPLv3 license in various
ways, adding the GPLv3 as an alternative second license for the project
seems like a reasonable way to retain most of the copyleft properties of
our current AGPLv3 license, while also keeping the community happy and
allowing them GPLv3 as another choice if they are prohibited from using
the AGPL internally.

Therefore, I propose to add GPLv3 as an alternative license for the
mempool open source project in this PR. If you are okay with this,
please ACK with "I hereby re-license my contributions to the mempool
open source project under both the GNU AGPLv3 and GPLv3 licenses"

-[ ] softsimon
-[ ] wiz
-[ ] bguillaumat
-[ ] TechMiX
-[ ] rbrooklyn
-[ ] junderw
-[ ] andrerfneves
-[ ] andrewtoth
-[ ] 6102bitcoin
-[ ] Czino
-[ ] devinbileck
-[ ] knorrium
-[ ] jambolo
-[ ] lucasmoten
-[ ] fiatjaf
-[ ] pox
-[ ] RandyMcMillan
-[ ] timlucmiptev

---
## [mempool/mempool](https://github.com/mempool/mempool)@[9b428821f6...](https://github.com/mempool/mempool/commit/9b428821f63616a64cf4b0d2c2c1d7b84239911c)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 11:03:30 by wiz

Dual-license mempool under both the GNU AGPLv3 and GNU GPLv3 licenses

A few weeks ago in #388, we changed the license for the mempool project
from MIT+CC to AGPLv3. This was generally met with very positive
feedback from the Bitcoin community. However, a few very large
enterprise organizations that love the mempool project are now no longer
able to use our code, since apparently some enterprise organizations
have an internal policy of not using AGPL licensed software.

Since the AGPLv3 license is compatible with the GPLv3 license in various
ways, adding the GPLv3 as an alternative second license for the project
seems like a reasonable way to retain most of the copyleft properties of
our current AGPLv3 license, while also keeping the community happy and
allowing them GPLv3 as another choice if they are prohibited from using
the AGPL internally.

Therefore, I propose to add GPLv3 as an alternative license for the
mempool open source project in this PR. If you are okay with this,
please ACK with "I hereby re-license my contributions to the mempool
open source project under both the GNU AGPLv3 and GPLv3 licenses"

- [ ] @softsimon
- [ ] @wiz
- [ ] @bguillaumat
- [ ] @TechMiX
- [ ] @rbrooklyn
- [ ] @junderw
- [ ] @andrerfneves
- [ ] @andrewtoth
- [ ] @6102bitcoin
- [ ] @Czino
- [ ] @devinbileck
- [ ] @knorrium
- [ ] @jambolo
- [ ] @lucasmoten
- [ ] @fiatjaf
- [ ] @pox
- [ ] @RandyMcMillan
- [ ] @timlucmiptev

---
## [vulkano-rs/vulkano](https://github.com/vulkano-rs/vulkano)@[65254ed10c...](https://github.com/vulkano-rs/vulkano/commit/65254ed10c81694e45555e6044851b718ae200c0)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 13:50:53 by gurchetansingh

More memory changes with some thoughts on error handling (#1510)

* vulkano: instance: derive Ord, PartialOrd for PhysicalDeviceType

Useful for want differeniating integrated and discrete GPUs in a
hash table.

* vulkano: don't pull in all of crossbeam

Just pull in crossbeam-queue, since that's what used.

Having a smaller set of packages is easier for system integrators
such as myself.

* vulkano: memory: add import support, separate device memory and mappings, and much more!

- Chaining structs copied shamelessly and poorly from Ash :-)
- Import support, as previously promised.
- DeviceMemoryMappings so we can maybe one day expose the binding model.
- Attempts to rigorously check Valid Usage IDs (VUIDs).

A note about error handling:

- Currently, Vulkano error handling is a bit unclear.  For example, I
  didn't define a "DeviceMemoryMappingError" and simply reused the
  "DeviceMemoryAllocError" already present in the file.  In reality,
  both a theoretical "DeviceMemoryMappingError" and the already
  present "DeviceMemoryAllocError" should mostly just check the valid
  usage IDs present in the Vulkan spec (or return an error from the
  implementation).  This code pattern is common throughout Vulkano.
  Perhaps we should go to a simpler VulkanoResult<T>??? Just an idea.

- Also, is Vulkano a validation layer??? LunarG tracks every single
  VUIDs in their uber layer already:

  https://www.lunarg.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/UberLayer_V3.pdf

  Of course, given how Vulkan drivers are relatively straigtforward
  compared to OpenGL, it's generally possible to match LunarG *using
  Rust* if we just have a big enough community.  Whether we want to or
  not may be up for debate. For now, I just followed the original
  vision of tomaka and added validation.  If we do want to do it, then
  we have to be more rigorous about it.

---
## [Danny7007/KTaNEMischmodul](https://github.com/Danny7007/KTaNEMischmodul)@[7fc410692a...](https://github.com/Danny7007/KTaNEMischmodul/commit/7fc410692afafb91c8bbbc32aac202cfe1a03f3b)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 16:29:14 by Danny7007

I dont even remember

oh yeah update preview image and remove shitty icons

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[ebda2fd72f...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/ebda2fd72f2ef6f6360e23336e481e5c43688bb4)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 16:35:48 by Fuglore

reduced ninja head hitbox size

fuck you *nfl theme plays*

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[20cde936d0...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/20cde936d07c8c89cb7a238aa24e81a0e81c963f)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 17:40:28 by Marko Grdinić

"2pm. Done with breakfast. Let me chill a bit and then I'll do the chores.

2:25pm. It is time for chores.

After that, I'll find a way to integrate the UI I made with the Leduc game.

It is time to finally get on with it.

3:10pm. Done with chores. Let me get this thing started. I'll leave fun for later.

```
open kivy
open lithe

union msg =
    | Clicked

type state (a : * -> * -> *) (b : * -> * -> *) = {
    p1 : nodes.player_funs a leduc.card leduc.action f64
    p2 : nodes.player_funs b leduc.card leduc.action f64
    text : string
    }

inl model (s : state _ _) = function
    | Clicked =>
        open nodes
        inl Empty = player {probSelf=to_log_prob 1; observations=Nil; state=agent.stateless()} |> dyn
        inl r = leduc.game (nodes.cps.nodes_2p (s.p1, s.p2)) ((Empty,Empty),dyn id)
        inl ts = $"f\"Reward for player one is {!r}.\\n\"" : string
        {s with text#=fun t => $"!t + !ts"}

inl view dispatch (state : rx.observable (state _ _)) =
    inl (~+) x = +state x
    boxlayout [
        -orientation Vertical
        children [
            scrollview [
                -do_scroll_x false
                -do_scroll_y true
                children [
                    label [
                        -size_hint_y None
                        @on_texture_size (fun (l,(_,v)) => $"!l.height = !v")
                        +text fun {text} => text
                        ]
                    ]
                ]
            boxlayout [
                -orientation Horizontal
                -size_hint_y (Some: 0.2)
                children [
                    button [
                        -text "Start Game."
                        @on_press (fun _ => dispatch Clicked)
                        ]
                    ]
                ]
            ]
        ]

inl main () =
    inl app = appm.create()
    inl p1 = agent.neural_random.create()
    inl p2 = agent.uniform_random.create()
    inl text = ""
    inl _ = rx.subscribe (loop {p1 p2 text} model view) (appm.root app)
    appm.run app
```

This is what I had last time. Let me try running it.

...I really need a command to run things automatically. Switching to the terminal only to run the damn script is incredibly inefficient.

Let me leave this for later. For now let me just do it the usual way.

...Ran it. It still works of course. Now think me.

```
inl model (s : state _ _) = function
    | Clicked =>
        open nodes
        inl Empty = player {probSelf=to_log_prob 1; observations=Nil; state=agent.stateless()} |> dyn
        inl r = leduc.game (nodes.cps.nodes_2p (s.p1, s.p2)) ((Empty,Empty),dyn id)
        inl ts = $"f\"Reward for player one is {!r}.\\n\"" : string
        {s with text#=fun t => $"!t + !ts"}
```

The next goal is human vs random player. Once I am able to do that, I'll close a lot of the gap with that 2016 poker app that I did.

```
open nodes
open leduc

let show_card = function
    | King => "King"
    | Queen => "Queen"
    | Jack => "Jack"

let rec show_trace l =
    inl ar : rarray string = r64.empty
    listm.fold (fun is_first => function
        | Observation: x =>
            inl o = show_card x
            r64.add ar $"f'Observed {!o}.'"
            true
        | Action: x =>
            inl p = if is_first then "Player One" else "Player Two"
            inl a = match x with Fold => "folds" | Call => "calls" | Raise => "raises"
            r64.add ar $"f'{!p} {!a}.'"
            not is_first
        ) true l |> ignore
    r64.join' "\n" ar

open nodes
inl create dispatch = player_funs {
    action = fun (player p : player replay card action) opp_prob dist next =>
        dispatch (p.observations, dist, fun x => next (x,p.state))
    terminal = fun (player {observations probSelf state=(replay rep)}) (reward: probOpp:) =>
        r64.add rep {observations reward probOpp probSelf=exp_log_prob probSelf}
    }
```

I did this last time in `human.spi`. Now it is time for the next step.

```
    action = fun (player p : player replay card action) opp_prob dist next =>
        dispatch (p.observations, dist, fun x => next (x,p.state))
```

Expecting the dispatch to return the log prob of the human player makes no sense.

```
    action = fun (player p : player replay card action) opp_prob dist next =>
        dispatch (p.observations, dist, fun x => next ((log_prob 0, x),p.state))
```

```
nominal player_funs (p : * -> * -> *) o a r = {
    action : player p o a -> log_prob -> array a -> ((log_prob * a) * p o a -> r) -> r
    terminal : player p o a -> (Reward: f64 probOpp: f64) -> ()
    }
```

What is this probOpp here. Should it not be log_prob?

```
    terminal = fun (player {observations probSelf state=(replay rep)}) (reward: probOpp:) =>
        r64.add rep {observations reward probOpp probSelf=exp_log_prob probSelf}
```

Ah, it is fine.

```
open nodes
inl create dispatch = player_funs {
    action = fun (player p : player replay card action) opp_prob dist next =>
        dispatch (show_trace p.observations, dist, fun x => next ((log_prob 0,x),p.state))
    terminal = fun (player {observations probSelf state=(replay rep)}) (reward: probOpp:) =>
        r64.add rep {observations reward probOpp probSelf=exp_log_prob probSelf}
    }
```

For the initial step, let me just focus on showing the trace and the actions. I'll leave the table aside for the time being.

3:30pm. The most important thing to do here is to icebreak connecting the front and the backend.

I've hesitated far too long on this. It should have been done 3 weeks ago. It is time to overcome the block.

Let me make the player.

```
    Button:
        text: 'Start Game'
        font_size: sp(50)
        size_hint_y: 0.15
```

Needed to add the start game button to the sketch.

```
    Button:
        id: btn_call
        font_size: sp(60)
        text: 'Call'
    Button:
        id: btn_fold
        font_size: sp(60)
        text: 'Fold'
    Button:
        id: btn_raise
        font_size: sp(60)
        text: 'Raise'
        disabled: True
```

Let me put the revevant ids where they should be.

Let me just experiment with this a little bit. Let me print the ids.

```
on_press: print(root.ids)
```

This just gives me btn_start. Let me fold the actions inside then.

```
{'btn_call': <WeakProxy to <kivy.uix.button.Button object at 0x00000239B05C2C10>>, 'btn_fold': <WeakProxy to <kivy.uix.button.Button object at 0x00000239B05C2F20>>, 'btn_raise': <WeakProxy to <kivy.uix.button.Button object at 0x00000239B060B270>>, 'btn_start': <WeakProxy to <kivy.uix.button.Button object at 0x00000239B06360B0>>}
```

Great, now I have all of these.

But is not that easy.

...No this is not going for me.

Forget this. Let me try rewriting the UI in Spiral. I am having difficulty conceptualizing how to connect the UI in a high level fashion. I need the Elm pattern after all.

Let me make this my next goal.

3:45pm. Focus me. Let me do all that I need in turn.

```py
root = Builder.load_string('''
<Table@FloatLayout>:
    canvas:
        Line:
            width: 2
            rectangle: self.x, self.y, self.width, self.height
    Stack: # Stack
        id: my_stack
        canvas:
            Line:
                rectangle: self.x, self.y, self.width, self.height
        text: 'Stack: ' + str(self.chips)
        x: root.x + root.width * 0.075
        y: root.y + root.height * 0.075
        font_size: sp(30)
        size_hint: None, None
        size: self.texture_size
```

This is the first bit of it.

```
        text: 'Stack: ' + str(self.chips)
        x: root.x + root.width * 0.075
        y: root.y + root.height * 0.075
```

Just this would take a lot of effort to do.

I'd have to do on_x and on_width to set the x here as I want.

Aghhhhhh...

4pm. Let me take a short break here. This is not working.

5:25pm. I spent time in bed to think about it.

```
inl size_hint_x (v : option f64) x =
    inl x = toWidget x
    match v with
    | Some: v => $"!x.size_hint_x = !v"
    | None => $"!x.size_hint_x = None"
inl size_hint_y (v : option f64) x =
    inl x = toWidget x
    match v with
    | Some: v => $"!x.size_hint_y = !v"
    | None => $"!x.size_hint_y = None"
```

```
                    label [
                        -size_hint_y None
                        @on_texture_size (fun (l,(_,v)) => $"!l.height = !v")
                        +text fun {text} => text
                        ]
```

Yeah, this is wrong.

When I wrote `@on_texture_size (fun (l,(_,v)) => $"!l.height = !v")` I found it disturbing, and this was a throwback to the 2016 of doing apps.

This is not right. What would have made sense if for `texture_size` to be an observable, and then I'd just set `height` to that.

Let me check out Avalonia again. I want to see how properties work in it.

https://avaloniaui.net/blog/2015-02-16-avalonia-properties

Hmmm, it is actually nicer in Python.

https://avaloniaui.net/docs/binding/attached-properties

Yeah, it is no wonder I wasn't interested in this last time.

https://svelte.dev/

Imagine if the Kivy mini-language was on the level of Svelte. What would I do then?

5:40pm. Properties are a good idea if you imagine them to be a ref cell for an observable. Setting the property would publish the observable as a replay_one...no wait that is wrong.

Setting the observable is done during the creation. It is immutable.

Then reading the property would just get that observable.

5:40pm. I am going to master properties and the Kivy language.

Or rather, I already know everything there is to know about them and I just need to get comfortable.

Right now, there is a war going on in my mind, I am pitting Kivy vs Rx. What I need to do is off source Rx.

5:45pm. Let me open a new project. I'll get rid of Rx and Lithe.

5:50pm.

```
packages: |core-
modules:
    types-
    r64
    serialization/
        dense/
            array
        sparse/
            int
    utils-
    torch/
        utils-
    sampling
    nodes/
        utils-
        cps
        main-
    leduc
    agent/
        utils-
        uniform_random
        neural_random
        human
    cps_test
    main
```

This is `ui_leduc2`. Yes, I looked down on Python way too much. Quickly iterating the UI, and mutating the top-level properties from the backend is the ideal style.

Rx could be competitive here, but I want to play along with the library rather than fight against it. I will gain nothing if I put in the extra effort of bringing in observables here.

For setting up the UI, it is the same situation as drawing with Processing - a better type system would do jack shit to help. Instead what I need to do is minimize the interop friction.

If I had to do UIs in JS, I would just do the frontend in Svelte, and then do the backend in Spiral or whatever else, and connect the two.

6pm. 2021 is the year of farewells. To my old ambitions. To my old techniques. To my old effort and grudges.

The path I am on allows no compromises.

To do more, I first must learn to do less. Before I can beat the amateurs, I first must learn to be an amateur.

6:35pm. Let me stop here. I've been thinking the whole day about this. I think I've done this enough to reach a resolution.

Everything that Svelte does, or what those Kivy properties do, Rx can do as well, but it should be my second choice, not the first. Not unless I can help it."

---
## [electrickiwi23/cwdplugin](https://github.com/electrickiwi23/cwdplugin)@[bda9e00aa2...](https://github.com/electrickiwi23/cwdplugin/commit/bda9e00aa271267efd3334d5cc1a938bb637f1ed)
#### Saturday 2021-03-27 20:02:55 by electrickiwi23

1.01 The first balance patch:
Added:

Changed:
Nerfed sky flyer
increased heal bolt from 2 to 3
Reduced demolitionist ult fuse from 6 seconds to 5 seconds
If game is running player mana is reset to 3 when you die
Sets player xp to 3 at start of game along with mana
Passives now require game to be running
Blood bolt now deals 4 damage instead of giving wither
Heal bolt now only gives instant heal 1
Increased passive paint loss
Increased required paint to trigger

Fixed:
Made tnt ring cost mana
Fixed shadow ult only hitting teammates
Fixed blood tracker to only track enemies
Fixed situations where the pop up tower could suffocate

---

# [<](2021-03-26.md) 2021-03-27 [>](2021-03-28.md)

