# [<](2021-03-23.md) 2021-03-24 [>](2021-03-25.md)

3,165,490 events, 1,583,425 push events, 2,456,246 commit messages, 189,758,191 characters


## [BeeGassy/CS-541-Deep_Learning](https://github.com/BeeGassy/CS-541-Deep_Learning)@[00ab153eaf...](https://github.com/BeeGassy/CS-541-Deep_Learning/commit/00ab153eaf72e4cab987ed8048e676c0baa777aa)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 00:13:05 by Bryan Gass

This shit is so fucking stupid, my SGD is a fucking nerd boi that wont fucking learn

---
## [COSC-310-Team1/ChatBot-Assignment-3](https://github.com/COSC-310-Team1/ChatBot-Assignment-3)@[b53ec12fc3...](https://github.com/COSC-310-Team1/ChatBot-Assignment-3/commit/b53ec12fc38e001f5ffe68b9827058aa164be8a0)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 00:43:43 by Taylor Regier

Add options for sentiment responses

Positive sentiment responses
- "Glad to hear that you are feeling positive."
- "You seem to be in a good mood!"
- "You're annoyingly chipper."
- "Wow you're a cheerful one."
- "I think this is going really well!"
- "I appreciate your positivity."

Negative sentiment responses
- "I am sorry it seems that you are a bit negative."
- "Well aren't you just a regular bowl of sunshine."
- "Are you having a bad day?"
- "You seem to be upset."
- "Did I say something to offend you?"
- "You're not a very pleasant person to converse with."

---
## [ZenTheDev/lowerbot3](https://github.com/ZenTheDev/lowerbot3)@[9268f1c408...](https://github.com/ZenTheDev/lowerbot3/commit/9268f1c4082a07c20abd4ad4bf31b469a83b8bf8)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 01:35:40 by ZenTheDev

fixed the script because im a bumbling idiot

i hate my life

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[5331aeb7ca...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/5331aeb7ca6bebf022efbe5855f534ca5f445b31)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 01:44:06 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-23. See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, BC, MB, ON, SK).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “4 new deaths, for a total of 10,618 deaths: 1 death in the last 24 hours, 3 deaths between March 16 and March 21.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [makingglitches/CensusScripts](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts)@[ace109e98b...](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts/commit/ace109e98bf1c1d31126ed20a5f25a0d363d4295)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 03:50:23 by Magical Marvelous MADMADMAD Mister Mim !

seriously why do this shit over and over ?
you know how crazy this is making me ?
and i'm only here because my fucked up father went to jail here doing god knows what and let me get raped as a kid.

seriously that is actually the only reason.
i just got routed by some fucked up blond bitch from manchester to here after my psycho ex g/f got preggo and ran off trying to abduct my unborn apparently. and these pieces of shit want to keep that knowledge on this side of the mindfuck because they kidnap children and sell them.

---
## [RubyChen-maker/RRRuby](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby)@[dab430f207...](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby/commit/dab430f20742770d9ab53ff66ea15ea25e70c013)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 06:33:10 by RubyChen-maker

Create ACM birth of Noah

The following is the family of Noah.

5:1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day when God made man, he made him in the image of God;
5:2 Male and female he made them, naming them Man, and giving them his blessing on the day when they were made.
5:3 Adam had been living for a hundred and thirty years when he had a son like himself, after his image, and gave him the name of Seth:
5:4 And after the birth of Seth, Adam went on living for eight hundred years, and had sons and daughters:
5:5 And all the years of Adam's life were nine hundred and thirty: and he came to his end.
5:6 And Seth was a hundred and five years old when he became the father of Enosh:
5:7 And he went on living after the birth of Enosh for eight hundred and seven years, and had sons and daughters:
5:8 And all the years of Seth's life were nine hundred and twelve: and he came to his end.
5:9 And Enosh was ninety years old when he became the father of Kenan:
5:10 And after the birth of Kenan, Enosh went on living for eight hundred and fifteen years, and had sons and daughters:
5:11 And all the years of Enosh were nine hundred and five: and he came to his end.
5:12 And Kenan was seventy years old when he became the father of Mahalalel:
5:13 And after the birth of Mahalalel, Kenan went on living for eight hundred and forty years, and had sons and daughters:
5:14 And all the years of Kenan's life were nine hundred and ten; and he came to his end.
5:15 And Mahalalel was sixty-five years old when he became the father of Jared:
5:16 And after the birth of Jared, Mahalalel went on living for eight hundred and thirty years, and had sons and daughters:
5:17 And all the years of Mahalalel's life were eight hundred and ninety-five: and he came to his end.
5:18 And Jared was a hundred and sixty-two years old when he became the father of Enoch:
5:19 And Jared went on living after the birth of Enoch for eight hundred years, and had sons and daughters:
5:20 And all the years of Jared's life were nine hundred and sixty-two: and he came to his end.
5:21 And Enoch was sixty-five years old when he became the father of Methuselah:
5:22 And after the birth of Methuselah, Enoch went on in God's ways for three hundred years, and had sons and daughters:
5:23 And all the years of Enoch's life were three hundred and sixty-five:
5:24 And Enoch went on in God's ways: and he was not seen again, for God took him.
5:25 And Methuselah was a hundred and eighty-seven years old when he became the father of Lamech:
5:26 And after the birth of Lamech, Methuselah went on living for seven hundred and eighty-two years, and had sons and daughters:
5:27 And all the years of Methuselah's life were nine hundred and sixty-nine: and he came to his end.
5:28 And Lamech was a hundred and eighty-two years old when he had a son:
5:29 And he gave him the name of Noah, saying, Truly, he will give us rest from our trouble and the hard work of our hands,
because of the earth which was cursed by God.
5:30 And after the birth of Noah, Lamech went on living for five hundred and ninety-five years, and had sons and daughters:
5:31 And all the years of Lamech's life were seven hundred and seventy-seven: and he came to his end.
5:32 And Noah became the father of Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

Given two names described above,you must show me whether one man is the ancestor of another,and who lives longer.

---
## [RubyChen-maker/RRRuby](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby)@[48e126368b...](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby/commit/48e126368beba4c06e198abc6a3021e426f87b06)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 07:09:18 by RubyChen-maker

Create ACM Noah's Ark

Now,our story begins.As usual,I'll tell you the background as follows:
6:13 And God said to Noah, The end of all flesh has come; the earth is full of their violent doings, and now I will put an end to them with the earth.
6:14 Make for yourself an ark of gopher wood with rooms in it, and make it safe from the water inside and out.
6:15 And this is the way you are to make it: it is to be three hundred cubits long, fifty cubits wide, and thirty cubits high.
6:16 You are to put a window in the ark, a cubit from the roof, and a door in the side of it, and you are to make it with a lower and second and third floors.
6:17 For truly, I will send a great flow of waters over the earth, for the destruction from under the heaven of all flesh in which is the breath of life; everything on the earth will come to an end.
6:18 But with you I will make an agreement; and you will come into the ark, you and your sons and your wife and your sons' wives with you.
6:19 And you will take with you into the ark two of every sort of living thing, and keep them safe with you; they will be male and female.
6:20 Two of every sort of bird and cattle and of every sort of living thing which goes on the earth will you take with you to keep them from destruction.
6:21 And make a store of every sort of food for yourself and them.
6:22 And all these things Noah did; as God said, so he did.

Most Hebrew scholars believe the cubit to have been 18 inches long [45.72 centimeters]. This means that the ark would have been 450 feet long [137.16 meters], 75 feet wide [22.86 meters] and 45 feet high [13.716 meters]. Noah's Ark was said to have been the largest sea going vessel ever built until the late nineteenth century when giant metal ships were first constructed. Its length to width ratio of exactly six to one provided excellent stability on the high seas. In fact, modern shipbuilders say it would have been almost impossible to turn over. In every way, it was admirably suited for riding out the tremendous storms in the year of the flood.


These dimensions are especially interesting when compared to those given in the mythical, Babylonian account of the Ark. Here the ark is described as a perfect cube, extending 120 cubits in all directions and with nine decks. Such a vessel with the same length and width would spin slowly round and round in the water and from the standpoint of stability, would be a disaster.


You task is to show me stability of Noah's Ark.

---
## [modula3/cm3](https://github.com/modula3/cm3)@[d7fc1ce8d2...](https://github.com/modula3/cm3/commit/d7fc1ce8d2090915147c88a11afeeea3668f0be0)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 07:11:22 by JayKrell

m3quake: HOST_PATH_SEP has been a constant "/" since at least 2009.

I had trouble tracking it further back.
We can quibble over the merits of that, but this change
then hardcodes it in .i3 instead of generating in m3makefile.

Quibbling:
"/" generally works on Windows, like in fopen and CreateFile.
It might not work in cmd or various tool command lines
or open file dialog boxes. How to present to the user, a path
from an error message, he might feed into one of those,
uncertain. Perhaps "\\" should be restored, perhaps.

Having just one form seems like a nice simplification,
but it might also violate some expectations.

At the actual NT kernel level, / does not work.
Usermode generally translates / to \\.
Unless you use \\? prefix form.

I noticed some code like:
unix := Path.Combie("a", "b") = "a/b" which might have
gotten broken way back when. Kinda roundabout.

And the unix variable wasn't necessarily used correctly anyway,
like to decide case insensitivity (remember remote file systems,
and Macintosh, etc. this win32/unix case sensitivity equivalence
is incorrect)

---
## [RubyChen-maker/RRRuby](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby)@[9fccb052ce...](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby/commit/9fccb052ce941547161b12eb7420b2a0b75b876d)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 07:17:41 by RubyChen-maker

Create ACM feeding animals

7:13 On the same day Noah, with Shem, Ham, and Japheth, his sons, and his wife and his sons' wives, went into the ark;
7:14 And with them, every sort of beast and cattle, and every sort of thing which goes on the earth, and every sort of bird.
7:15 They went with Noah into the ark, two and two of all flesh in which is the breath of life.
7:16 Male and female of all flesh went in, as God had said, and the ark was shut by the Lord.
Once abroad,many have suggested that Noah's problems really began, with only 8 people to feed and water, to provide fresh air and sanitation
for the huge menagerie of animals.Given a list of how much time it takes for one person to feed an animal, you must find the minimum account of
total time needed to feed all of the animals.The time given from any person to feed any animal will not exceed 10000.

---
## [RubyChen-maker/RRRuby](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby)@[0923f5fda2...](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby/commit/0923f5fda231e74083aa6ca6931651c9179413ab)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 07:21:59 by RubyChen-maker

Create ACM the legend of valiant emigration

The holy topic of human being,love,appears now.Firstly,I'd like to introduce a love song cited from <>
to you as follows.

The Woman
Your lips cover me with kisses;
your love is better than wine.
There is a fragrance about you;
the sound of your name recalls it.
No woman could help loving you.
Take me with you,and we'll run away.
be my king and take me to your room.
We will be happy together,
drink deep,and lose ourselves in love.
No wonder all women love you.
Women of Jerusalem,I am dark but beautiful,
dark as the desert tents of Kedar,
but beautiful as the curtains in Soloman's palace.
Don't look down on me because of my colour,
because the sun has tanned me.
My brotherw were angry with me
and made me work in the vineyard.
I had no time to care for myself.
Tell me,my love,
Where will you lead your flock to graze?
Where will they rest from the noonday sun?
Why should I need to look for you
among the flocks of the other shepherds?

The Man
Don't you know the place,loveliest of women?
Go and follow the flock;
find pasture for your goats near the tents of the shepherds.
You,my love,excite men as a mare excites the stallions of
Pharaoh's chariots.
Your hair is beautiful upon your cheeks
and falls along your neck like jewels.
But we will make for you a chain of gold with ornaments of silver.

The Woman
My king was lying on his couch,
and my perfume filled the air with fragrance.
My lover has the scent of myrrh as he lies upon my breasts.
My lover is like the wild flowers
that bloom in the vineyards at Engedi.

The Man
How beautiful you are,my love;
how your eyes shine with love!

The Woman
How handsome you are,my dearest;
how you delight me!
The green grass will be our bed;
the cedars will be the beams of our house,
and the cypress-trees the ceiling.
I am only a wild flower in Sharon,
a lily in a mountain valley.

The Man
Like a lily among thorns
is my darling among women.

The Woman
Like an apple-tree among the trees of the forest,
so is my dearest compared with other men.
I love to sit in its shadow,
and its fruit is sweet to my taste.
He brought me to his banqueting hall
and raised the banner of love over me.
Restore my strength with raisins
and refresh me with apples!
I am weak from passion.
His left hand is under my head,
and his right hand caresses me.
Promise me,women of Jerusalem;
swear by the swift deer and the gazelles
that you will not interrupt our love.

How beautiful the song is! The God is moved by the holy love between them and decides to help them run away to that place
having full-blown the green grass,the cedars,the cypress-trees and the flowers .There are many cities at that time,such as
Jerusalem,Bethlehem,Carmel,Hebron,Ziklog,Beersheba,Gath,Libnah,Ekron,Beth Horon,Shiloh,Gilgal,and so on.The two lovers
sets out from Jerusalem,and the destination is The Garden of Eden.There are roads between cities,each road has a
guard who has "pguard" power to beat and "sguard" speed to run.The two lovers can run away together,they have "plovers"
power to beat and "slovers" speed to run.  They can go through the road if and only if their power "plovers" is bigger than the guard and the speed "slovers" 

is bigger than the guard..The God help them calculate the cost of each road,and place a

heart-shaped elixir,associated with a letter to distinguish them,in each road.Your task is to minimize the cost

and display the letters of elixirs they will get in the way.

---
## [RubyChen-maker/RRRuby](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby)@[fd5fab08d7...](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby/commit/fd5fab08d73db01e77060ad1b8cdd2d85835ee00)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 08:50:48 by RubyChen-maker

Create ACM bishops

KO learned the rules of chess and defeated his father, all his friends, his little brother, and now no one wants to play with him any more.
And so he plays with himself, that is, he often asks some interesting questions. One day, he moved to this question: ?Given a N*N chessboard,
how many bishops can be placed on a chessboard without threatening each other at most??. KO was in trouble and you must help the poor boy.

---
## [lbt/ansible](https://github.com/lbt/ansible)@[8c8ec0032e...](https://github.com/lbt/ansible/commit/8c8ec0032e3eee8d15bb5b14acf48ab70920e439)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 08:59:40 by David Greaves

Introduce the concept of playbooks early on

##### SUMMARY
I began learning about ansible yesterday and was rather confused about playbooks.
There is no initial concept of what a simple playbook looks like, where to store it or how to run it - so the subsequent documentation has no foundation for the reader to build upon.

Given the section above encourages the user to run a live command I thought it appropriate to run a trivial playbook

This also teaches that ansible does not manage playbook storage for you (I spent quite some time wondering about that!) and how to execute them.

Finally, as a puppet user, it was getting pretty frustrating to not see "real stuff" happening and running the playbook was a nice "ah ha!" moment for me.

Now I have a baseline to hack on and try out things in the docs :)

##### ISSUE TYPE
- Docs Pull Request

+label: docsite_pr

---
## [RubyChen-maker/RRRuby](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby)@[a8be7493a1...](https://github.com/RubyChen-maker/RRRuby/commit/a8be7493a18e87d7fb4b674e43033369cd5eb0a7)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 09:11:29 by RubyChen-maker

Create ACM Olympic

"One World One Dream" fully reflects the essence and the universal values of the Olympic spirit ---- Unity, Friendship, Progress, Harmony,
Participation and Dream. It expresses the common wishes of people all over the world, inspired by the Olympic ideals, to strive for a bright future
of Mankind. In spite of the differences in colors, languages and races, we share the charm and joy of the Olympic Games, and together we seek for the ideal of Mankind for peace. We belong to the same world and we share the same aspirations and dreams.

"One World One Dream" is a profound manifestation of the core concepts of the Beijing Olympic Games. It reflects the values of harmony connoted in the concept of "People's Olympics", the core and soul of the three concepts -- "Green Olympics, High-tech Olympics and People's Olympics".
While "Harmony of Man with Nature" and "Peace Enjoys Priority" are the philosophies and ideals of the Chinese people since ancient times in their pursuit of the harmony between Man and Nature and the harmony among people, building up a harmonious society and achieving harmonious
development are the dream and aspirations of ours. It is our belief that peace and progress, harmonious development, living in amity, cooperation and mutual benefit, and enjoying a happy life are the common ideals of the people throughout the world.

"One World, One Dream" is simple in expressions, but profound in meaning. It is of China, and also of the world. It conveys the lofty ideal of the
people in Beijing as well as in China to share the global community and civilization and to create a bright future hand in hand with the people from the rest of the world. It expresses the firm belief of a great nation, with a long history of 5,000 years and on its way towards modernization, that
is committed to peaceful development, harmonious society and people's happiness. It voices the aspirations of 1.3 billion Chinese people to
contribute to the establishment of a peaceful and bright world.

The English translation of the slogan is distinctive in sentence structure. The two "One"s are perfectly used in parallel, and the words "World" and "Dream" form a good match. The slogan is simple, meaningful, inspiring, and easy to remember, read and spread.

In Chinese, the word "tongyi", which means "the same", is used for the English word "One". It highlights the theme of "the whole Mankind lives in the same world and seeks for the same dream and ideal".

Please help us write a program to count down days to the upcoming Beijing 2008 Olympic games.

---
## [mhimon/demo.lwhh.link](https://github.com/mhimon/demo.lwhh.link)@[24a623ceb3...](https://github.com/mhimon/demo.lwhh.link/commit/24a623ceb3e3c7df8ff551f9522c7b98fa788500)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 09:15:03 by Mahbub Hasan Imon

Update index.php

I know here in your code don't have anything that needs security but using exit() is a good practice I think.

Learned about Null Coalescing Operator from your code <3

Please confirm my friend request :) 
https://web.facebook.com/mahbub.hasan.imon

Love you Hasin Bhai <3 

Thanks.

---
## [nadimkobeissi/rms-open-letter.github.io](https://github.com/nadimkobeissi/rms-open-letter.github.io)@[0bf6c98e62...](https://github.com/nadimkobeissi/rms-open-letter.github.io/commit/0bf6c98e62217dc10471c0adc74c3fe949f6dcbb)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 11:17:42 by Nadim Kobeissi

Remove claim regarding "defense of pedophilia"

I'm writing this PR purely in the interest of making this letter's appendix more objective. I don't support or admonish this letter, and I don't want to step on anyone's toes or get involved in a big political mess. If you don't like my PR, you can close it off, but my hope is that it'll be accepted or at least discussed properly.

This PR deletes the following text (and updates the citation numbers to be accurate):

```markdown
He defended pedophilia, in general, in saying that “there is little evidence to justify the widespread assumption that willing participation in pedophilia hurts children.”[9]
```

If we look at the cited reference, we find the following entry on Stallman's blog:

> 04 January 2013 (Pedophilia)
> There is little evidence to justify the [widespread assumption that willing participation in pedophilia hurts children](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2013/jan/03/paedophilia-bringing-dark-desires-light).
> 
> Granted, children may not dare say no to an older relative, or may not realize they could say no; in that case, even if they do not overtly object, the relationship may still feel imposed to them. That's not willing participation, it's imposed participation, a different issue.

I do not agree that Stallman's post constitutes, as the letter's text says, a _"defense of pedophilia"_. He's linking to, and quoting/paraphrasing an article published in The Guardian, which says:

> A liberal professor of psychology who studied in the late 1970s will see things very differently from someone working in child protection, or with convicted sex offenders. There is, astonishingly, not even a full academic consensus on whether consensual paedophilic relations necessarily cause harm.
> [...]
> Even now there is no academic consensus on that fundamental question – as Goode found. Some academics do not dispute the view of Tom O'Carroll, a former chairman of PIE and tireless paedophilia advocate with a conviction for distributing indecent photographs of children following a sting operation, that society's outrage at paedophilic relationships is essentially emotional, irrational, and not justified by science. "It is the quality of the relationship that matters," O'Carroll insists. "If there's no bullying, no coercion, no abuse of power, if the child enters into the relationship voluntarily … the evidence shows there need be no harm."

The article seems to be discussing the surprising lack of scientific consensus concerning some aspects of pedophilia. Anyone could read this article and link to it saying, "it appears that there is little evidence to justify the assumption that willing participation in pedophilia hurts children". This is the point that the The Guardian piece is making, that there is a lack of scientific consensus on this matter.

I don't think that by merely repeating The Guardian's statement, or the statement that followed it in his post, that Stallman actually engaged in what this open letter describes as a _"defense of pedophilia"_, and think it would be more accurate if this claim was removed.

Again, please don't mob me for proposing this change. I'm not trying to upset anyone or to make any kind of defense or admonishment of Stallman. I just think this letter could stand to remove a misleading claim.

---
## [Divya-M-SC/upload](https://github.com/Divya-M-SC/upload)@[0f7259c548...](https://github.com/Divya-M-SC/upload/commit/0f7259c548e3308ec23ef372f0edb49427425424)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 11:21:15 by Divya-M-SC

data

Novel
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to navigationJump to search
For other uses, see Novel (disambiguation).
Not to be confused with Novell.

This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed.
Find sources: "Novel" – news · newspapers · books · scholar · JSTOR (April 2018) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
Literature
Liji2 no bg.png
Major forms
NovelPoetryDramaShort storyNovella
Genres
AdventureComedyDramaEpicEroticNonsenseLyricMythopoeiaRogueRomanceSatireSpeculative fictionTragedyTragicomedy
Media
Performance PlayBooks
Techniques
ProsePoetry
History and lists
History modern
OutlineGlossary of terms
BooksWritersLiterary awards poetry
Discussion
CriticismTheory (critical theory)SociologyMagazines
Books-aj.svg aj ashton 01.svg Literature portal
vte
A novel is a relatively long work of narrative fiction, typically written in prose and published as a book. The present English word for a long work of prose fiction derives from the Italian: novella for "new", "news", or "short story of something new", itself from the Latin: novella, a singular noun use of the neuter plural of novellus, diminutive of novus, meaning "new".[1]

Some novelists, including Nathaniel Hawthorne,[2] Herman Melville,[3] Ann Radcliffe,[4] John Cowper Powys,[5] preferred the term "romance" to describe their novels.

According to Margaret Doody, the novel has "a continuous and comprehensive history of about two thousand years", with its origins in the Ancient Greek and Roman novel, in Chivalric romance, and in the tradition of the Italian renaissance novella.[6] The ancient romance form was revived by Romanticism, especially the historical romances of Walter Scott and the Gothic novel.[7] Some, including M. H. Abrams and Walter Scott, have argued that a novel is a fiction narrative that displays a realistic depiction of the state of a society, while the romance encompasses any fictitious narrative that emphasizes marvellous or uncommon incidents.[8][9][10]

Works of fiction that include marvellous or uncommon incidents are also novels, including The Lord of The Rings,[11] To Kill a Mockingbird,[12] and Frankenstein.[13] "Romances" are works of fiction whose main emphasis is on marvellous or unusual incidents, and should not be confused with the romance novel, a type of genre fiction that focuses on romantic love.

Murasaki Shikibu's Tale of Genji, an early 11th-century Japanese text, has sometimes been described as the world's first novel, but there is considerable debate over this — there were certainly long fictional works that preceded it. Spread of printed books in China led to the appearance of classical Chinese novels by the Ming dynasty (1368–1644). An early example from Europe was written in Muslim Spain by the Sufi writer Ibn Tufayl entitled Hayy ibn Yaqdhan.[14] Later developments occurred after the invention of the printing press. Miguel de Cervantes, author of Don Quixote (the first part of which was published in 1605), is frequently cited as the first significant European novelist of the modern era.[15] Literary historian Ian Watt, in The Rise of the Novel (1957), argued that the modern novel was born in the early 18th century.


Contents
1	Defining the genre
1.1	Fictional narrative
1.2	Literary prose
1.3	Experience of intimacy
1.4	Length
2	Early novels
3	Medieval period 1100–1500
3.1	Chivalric romances
3.2	The novella
4	Renaissance period: 1500–1700
4.1	Chapbooks
4.2	Heroic romances
4.3	Satirical romances
4.4	Histories
4.5	Cervantes and the modern novel
5	18th-century novels
5.1	Philosophical novel
5.2	The romance genre in the 18th century
5.3	The sentimental novel
5.4	The social context of the 18th century novel
5.4.1	Changing cultural status
5.4.2	The acceptance of novels as literature
6	19th-century novels
6.1	Romanticism
6.2	The Victorian period: 1837–1901
7	The 20th century and later
7.1	Modernism and post-modernism
7.2	Genre fiction
8	See also
9	References
10	Further reading
11	External links
Defining the genre

Madame de Pompadour spending her afternoon with a book (François Boucher, 1756)
A novel is a long, fictional narrative which describes intimate human experiences. The novel in the modern era usually makes use of a literary prose style. The development of the prose novel at this time was encouraged by innovations in printing, and the introduction of cheap paper in the 15th century.

Fictional narrative
Fictionality is most commonly cited as distinguishing novels from historiography. However this can be a problematic criterion. Throughout the early modern period authors of historical narratives would often include inventions rooted in traditional beliefs in order to embellish a passage of text or add credibility to an opinion. Historians would also invent and compose speeches for didactic purposes. Novels can, on the other hand, depict the social, political and personal realities of a place and period with clarity and detail not found in works of history.

Literary prose
While prose rather than verse became the standard of the modern novel, the ancestors of the modern European novel include verse epics in the Romance language of southern France, especially those by Chrétien de Troyes (late 12th century), and in Middle English (Geoffrey Chaucer's (c. 1343 – 1400) The Canterbury Tales).[16] Even in the 19th century, fictional narratives in verse, such as Lord Byron's Don Juan (1824), Alexander Pushkin's Yevgeniy Onegin (1833), and Elizabeth Barrett Browning's Aurora Leigh (1856), competed with prose novels. Vikram Seth's The Golden Gate (1986), composed of 590 Onegin stanzas, is a more recent example of the verse novel.[17]

Experience of intimacy
Both in 12th-century Japan and 15th-century Europe, prose fiction created intimate reading situations. On the other hand, verse epics, including the Odyssey and Aeneid, had been recited to select audiences, though this was a more intimate experience than the performance of plays in theaters. A new world of individualistic fashion, personal views, intimate feelings, secret anxieties, "conduct", and "gallantry" spread with novels and the associated prose-romance.

Length
The novel is today the longest genre of narrative prose fiction, followed by the novella. However, in the 17th century, critics saw the romance as of epic length and the novel as its short rival. A precise definition of the differences in length between these types of fiction, is, however, not possible. The philosopher and literary critic György Lukács argued that the requirement of length is connected with the notion that a novel should encompass the totality of life.[18]

---
## [staten-island-tech/full-stack-2021-tv](https://github.com/staten-island-tech/full-stack-2021-tv)@[470262ee81...](https://github.com/staten-island-tech/full-stack-2021-tv/commit/470262ee8135ff2c9bbdfe48726e8fcd98236b07)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 12:07:14 by savokin

I am a massive idiot

god why am i so stupid this was all auth not even store lies and deciet everywhere literaly only had to write like 5-7 lines why oh god

---
## [ppisa/rms-support-letter.github.io](https://github.com/ppisa/rms-support-letter.github.io)@[ed05569c98...](https://github.com/ppisa/rms-support-letter.github.io/commit/ed05569c9859f05f4a1b37f6c612ed3d491a040b)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 13:35:32 by Pavel Pisa

Pavel Pisa signed letter

If RMS is suspicious of moral disputation/judgement then it is not in the medieval style of Witchhammer

  https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064546/

By the way, the filming of the story was encrypted reaction to the similar political cases organized in our country by Communists in in the 1950s and it has been released before Soviets Unions solders occupants and their collaborators gain full control above our country.

I would suggest to listen to the  Bradley M. Kuhn (Software Freedom Conservancy) speech from Free Software Awards ceremony

https://youtu.be/8uyrDpcGAQ8

... i want to thank luik dakari ... that he taught me about running free software projects most notably i've tried to follow his first principle which is one of pure stubbornness he said that the most important thing to do as a free software developer is simply stubbornly refused to write or use any proprietary software his thesis being that many of the more complicated decisions that come later will be simpler if this is your first principle time in my career have proved that right to me.

i've also looked for principles in the history of activism and a perennial one that i believe we should use and has been used for generations by of activists is to always be ready to speak truth to power this has come easy to me when speaking truth to the incumbent proprietary software power that's all around us in the software industry but has been exceedingly difficult to do when i've had to speak truth to power to other free software leaders when they needed to hear it i'm proud that i was able to do it when necessary and i encourage all of you to speak truth to power no matter where it is

---
## [yogstation13/Yogstation](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation)@[8675e74223...](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation/commit/8675e74223398c5ddf1207b3e536ae36853f1894)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 14:24:46 by alao3alao3

Renames Treadmill to Stationary Bike on the account that it is a stationary bike (#11142)

* Update treadmill.dm

* fuck you full rewrite

* jeopardizes the entire pr

---
## [Beorseder/Evolve](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve)@[f305f16068...](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve/commit/f305f16068cbfed4d4a38b4d5cff04c0bdcc1be3)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 15:46:38 by Beorseder

Many Bug Fixes

Localization:
Localized the Fortress Troops cost string.
Localized the genus used in the message that appears upon doing Sentience.

Techs:
The Windmill tech for species' without agriculture is now categorized under Fuel & Power Generation.
Only one version of Master Craftsman now appears on the wiki for any given race.
Fixed bug where Genetics could not be researched in Cataclysm.
Added to the wiki the new requirement of Xeno Tourism of having 10 Monuments.
Added to the wiki the requirement of Dark Energy Bomb of having an empowered demon lord in the current universe.

Trade:
Fixed bug where doing Cancel Routes for a regular market resource would cause the total number of active Trade Routes to increase by the amount cancelled if the amount was positive.
Galactic Trade Routes now update the total number of active Galactic Trade Routes in their - and + buttons, fixing the issue where their numbers could be theoretically infinitely increased, especially with the game paused.

Hell:
Fixed bug where Holy's 1.25x multiplier to Suppression didn't appear in the Guard Post tooltip calculation.
Fixed bug where more than two Vault levels could be gotten.
If a Boss is equally weak/resistant to all weapons, then Weak/Resist are replaced with "None" to indicate that there is no best/worse weapon.

Misc:
Removed duplicate Protest multiplier that caused Protests to actually give a (-30% * -30% = ) -51% multiplier instead of a -30% multiplier.
Tax Revolts can no longer get rid of Corrupt Soul Gem, Codex, Demonic Essence, Blood Stones, nor Artifacts.
Fixed bug where a building with a resource cost of 0 would not be purchasable if 0 of that resource is owned and production is negative.
Added delimiters to Mercenary cost amounts.
Motherlode descriptions are now updated to say that achieving greatness is the requirement, not just Bioseed.
Fixed issue in breakdown popover where a vertical line would appear to the left of the second consume column even if there was no first production column to go along with it.

Updated Pig Latin.

---
## [getsentry/sentry](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry)@[6787a16a30...](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/commit/6787a16a30fea2cfd9bb94484496753ef2f8cb4b)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 15:48:15 by Alex Xu @ Sentry

ref: unvendor password_validation

This was initially backported from Django 1.9 in #4467, but we are now using
1.11 so we can simply use the included password_validation module.

This commit also removes MaximumLengthValidator as Django does not provide it.
However, the value of this validator was dubious to begin with:

It was added in 2017 in #5166, but at that point, the risk of long passwords
had been long recognized by Django. A security bulletin released in 2013 [0]
added a limit of 4,096 characters for passwords to all versions of Django at
that time, including 1.6 which we used between 2014 and 2018.

However, not two weeks later [1], Django's PBKDF2 algorithm was fixed to not
take time proportional to the password length [2][3] and the limit was removed.
Any properly implemented password hashing algorithm should take the same amount
of time regardless of length (within reason); even if the algorithm itself does
not support it, the password should simply first be passed through a high-speed
cryptographic hash function such as SHA-2.

Some articles still claim that Django enforces a 4,096 byte limit. As far as I
can tell, this is incorrect. Searching Django code [4] reveals no relevant uses
of 4096 and as explained above, such a limit is not required if the password
validation is properly implemented.

Mark Litwintschik with "15 years of consulting & hands-on build experience"
wrote one of those articles in 2015 [5], even including a helpful benchmark.
Unfortunately, all that their benchmark shows is that PBKDF2 is slow (which is
accurate), not that it uses more time for longer passwords (which is not
accurate). In fact, running the same benchmark with a password length of 1
requires about the same time as 4096, showing that Django has a properly
implemented password hashing algorithm.

Note that none of this precludes a general limit on request body sizes; it will
certainly take a relatively long time to hash a gigabyte-long password, but it
should take no more time than processing any other large data.

[0] https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/2013/sep/15/security/
[1] https://github.com/django/django/commit/5d74853e156105ea02a41f4731346dbe272c2412
[2] https://github.com/django/django/commit/68540fe4df44492571bc610a0a043d3d02b3d320
[3] https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/21138
[4] https://github.com/django/django/search?q=4096
[5] https://tech.marksblogg.com/passwords-in-django.html#why-are-some-passwords-too-long-for-django

---
## [Beorseder/Evolve](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve)@[33edf4e1d0...](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve/commit/33edf4e1d0e0a9a822c7766af42c55962f45d18f)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 15:56:06 by Beorseder

Many Bug Fixes

Localization:
Localized the Fortress Troops cost string.
Localized the genus used in the message that appears upon doing Sentience.

Techs:
The Windmill tech for species' without agriculture is now categorized under Fuel & Power Generation.
Only one version of Master Craftsman now appears on the wiki for any given race.
Fixed bug where Genetics could not be researched in Cataclysm.
Added to the wiki the new requirement of Xeno Tourism of having 10 Monuments.
Added to the wiki the requirement of Dark Energy Bomb of having an empowered demon lord in the current universe.

Trade:
Fixed bug where doing Cancel Routes for a regular market resource would cause the total number of active Trade Routes to increase by the amount cancelled if the amount was positive.
Galactic Trade Routes now update the total number of active Galactic Trade Routes in their - and + buttons, fixing the issue where their numbers could be theoretically infinitely increased, especially with the game paused.

Hell:
Fixed bug where Holy's 1.25x multiplier to Suppression didn't appear in the Guard Post tooltip calculation.
Fixed bug where more than two Vault levels could be gotten. Fixes #552
If a Boss is equally weak/resistant to all weapons, then Weak/Resist are replaced with "None" to indicate that there is no best/worse weapon.

Misc:
Removed duplicate Protest multiplier that caused Protests to actually give a (-30% * -30% = ) -51% multiplier instead of a -30% multiplier.
Tax Revolts can no longer get rid of Corrupt Soul Gem, Codex, Demonic Essence, Blood Stones, nor Artifacts.
Fixed bug where a building with a resource cost of 0 would not be purchasable if 0 of that resource is owned and production is negative.
Added delimiters to Mercenary cost amounts.
Motherlode descriptions are now updated to say that achieving greatness is the requirement, not just Bioseed.
Fixed issue in breakdown popover where a vertical line would appear to the left of the second consume column even if there was no first production column to go along with it.

Updated Pig Latin.

---
## [DougBurke/sherpa](https://github.com/DougBurke/sherpa)@[37692cd3ff...](https://github.com/DougBurke/sherpa/commit/37692cd3ffcbc6b52b4fb9c5202710a6ade65302)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 17:13:06 by Moritz Guenther

No error for no-ops in `ungroup` and friends

Currently, `ungroup` and `unsubtract` throw a `DataErr`, if a dataset is not
grouped or not subtracted. Why is this necessary?
For purely interactive use if just one or two datasets, an Exception is one way
of providing feedback to the user and remind him "hey, you did not even group
 this before, are you sure you know what you are doing?".
However, when working with more datasets, it gets annoying and it's even worse
when I have a long-running script. Why does the script fail, if all I'm doing is
to accidentally ungroup something that was ungrouped before.
Here is what I do: I play around interactively, group with or that and then I
want to ungroup or unsubtract everything. Currently, I have to go one by one,
with code like this:
```
for i in ui.list_data_ids():
        try:
            ui.ungroup(i)
        except sherpa.utils.err.DataErr:
            # It's already ungrouped
            pass
```

That's clunky, so I wonder: Why is it necessary to throw an Exception when a
dataset is already ungrouped or unsubtracted?
If I want to ungroup, why would it matter to me if data was previously grouped
or not? What matters is that it's ungrouped after.

This PR removes some of those (in my opinion) annoying exceptions.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[635079aa98...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/635079aa982f0f01be53e4e104939b180f1abbf5)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 17:57:07 by Time-Green

Adds a plumbing layer manifold (#57494)

Adds a multilayer plumbing manifold, I also murdered the multilayer duct

You can now alt-click the plumbing RCD to change the layer it prints. I made a whole thing where right clicking changed the settings and you could use that to change machinery aswell. I even did that with the plunger, it was absolutely beautiful. Anyway that drained the life out of me because apparently there's no attack_obj_secondary and afterattack_secondary ALSO called attack_obj (left click). I just hate whoever made it with intensity

Plumbing now uses three layers. They should be easier to navigate. I tried to make layer connecting the same as cross-color connecting, but that would take more of my soul then there is to take

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[7b52daef41...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/7b52daef41ff7b771cc84aedcdebba82679e684e)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 17:58:05 by LemonInTheDark

Makes stations more airtight (#57535)

I've gone through delta, meta, and icebox and added some choice windoors, changed some areas around, added some more doors, and changed some other miscellaneous things.

I'll list the full changes in drop downs, for both our sakes

Delta:
<details>
Splits the central hallway into fore and aft central hallways

Adds the spaces that jut out of medbay and sci into the central hallway, rather then having them be a part of
medbay and sci

Adds medbay access locked windoors to the back desk of the medbay reception area

Adds airlocks to both the upper and lower parts of the main hallway
</details>

Meta:
<details>
Gives the storage wing another set of firelocks, and two fire alarms. It didn't have any alarms in the first place, so hopefully this helps things

Adds the spaces that jut out of medbay and sci into the central hallway, rather then having them be a part of
medbay and sci

Replaces a small bit of the science area with nanite lab, to prevent a breach near xenobio causing fire alarms
at the front of sci

Adds a windoor in front of the ORM to block air

Adds a wall behind a smart fridge in chemistry
</details>

Icebox:
<details>
Added airlocks between arrivals and the port hallway, and the escape hallway and the starboard hallway

Added a windoor between the kitchen and the bar
</details>

## Why It's Good For The Game

Cuts delta's main hallway in half, with the goal of reducing fire alarm strain. Some thoughts on this would be nice, I don't want to make everything else that uses areas worse just because fire alarms are dumb, and I'm worried that's what I've ended up doing here.

I've also added the portions of medbay/sci that jut out into the main hallway into the main hallway, I think? I could make these into lobby areas, but I'm not sure if that's appropriate or not.

Adds a few windoors and airlocks to better section off portions of the station, this should reduce the amount of mass gas spreading that can occur.

My goal here is to reduce the amount of uninteresting gas movement and make firelocks less hellish when there's a breach

---
## [kakra/xow](https://github.com/kakra/xow)@[d9a4768e16...](https://github.com/kakra/xow/commit/d9a4768e16fb76e06a62af1190de985089700728)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 18:14:03 by atcq

start xow.service on dongle plugin

I encountered the `Mt76Exception: Failed to load firmware` error quite a few times. xow.service is stopped and needs a restart as stated in the Troubleshooting section of the README.md. To make my life easier i added a udev rule to do just that for me when i plugged the dongle back in after uplugging it.
Should start/restart the xow.service if the service is not running or is in a `failed` state due to previous ABRT signal.
I think it would be a simple change to the udev.rules to make that the default behaviour but maybe a manual restart is desired?

Anyways, thanks a lot for your work! I'm quite happy with xow!

Closes: https://github.com/medusalix/xow/issues/153
Signed-off-by: Kai Krakow <kai@kaishome.de>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7aa75ff00e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7aa75ff00effa44beb8724dd7a3c0ffe146d699f)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 18:17:00 by Marko Grdinić

"10am. Let me chill a bit and then I will start. I got up just recently.

10:40am.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_aJGUTePYo
Programming & Using Splines - Part#1

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFFPbBe7aAs
Cubic splines using calculus | Wild Linear Algebra 25 | NJ Wildberger

Let me go through these two videos starting with the first one.

https://youtu.be/9_aJGUTePYo?t=804

I'll have to go for a math explanation when this is done. I do not understand what is going on just from this.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzjtU4WLYNs

I'll leave the next in the serie for later. I want an explanation for how the equations are derived.

11:30am. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QS3677PlIos

This video explains how the splines are derived succinctly enough. Ok. I might as well watch the rest.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEhBM2x5MG9-e_JSOzU068w

There is a lot of stuff here actually. At some point I should study all of this. But what is the next one in the series?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mad4YPAn2U
Math for Game Developers - Constant Speed Splines

This is the next one. Let me go for it.

11:45am. https://youtu.be/-mad4YPAn2U?t=470

I find this quite confusing.

`f t = integrate (from: 0 to: t) (fun t => L t) = d`

Where does the `t` parameter disappear if `f t = d`. Then...

`g t = f t - d = 0`

Is the hidden `t` in `d` in fact `t`. So the above is equivalent to writing `g t = f t - f t = 0`? Or maybe it is meant to mean something like...

`g t = f t - f x = 0` where x is an arbitrary constant. Then...

`t (n + 1) = t n - (g (t n)) / g' (t n)`. Reducing that step...

`t (n + 1) = t n - (f (t n) - d) / L (t n)`

I suppose it makes sense. I am guessing that `d t` will turn out to be `t (n+1) - t n`...or maybe not.

11:55am. Looking at this from a programming angle, it just show how loose and unrigorous math can be. I wouldn't rate this explanation highly.

12:05pm. https://youtu.be/-mad4YPAn2U?t=709

Let me stop here for breakfast.

12:40pm. Let me do the chores here. After that I'll get back to studying splines.

1:15pm. Done with chores. Let me get back to splines.

1:20pm. https://youtu.be/-mad4YPAn2U?t=1132
> Uses Newton's Method
> Newtom method diverges

1:25pm. Ok, I am done with this one. I still don't know whether these are Rom Catmull splines.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DzjtU4WLYNs
Programming & Using Splines - Part#2

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/DzjtU4WLYNs?t=156

Ellipses have no known solution for the circumference?

Also this whole thing of having to do bisections and use Newton's method in real time is stupid. Can't the curve be normalized so their arc lengths are the same and then doing some smart mapping so things work out in the end?

1:55pm.

https://youtu.be/DzjtU4WLYNs?t=156
Catmull Rom Splines

Let me watch this 3m video. Then comes the vid by Wildberger.

Maybe I'll watch something else by him.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9RK6O2kOKo
Unite 2015 - A coder's guide to spline-based procedural geometry

Actually, maybe I should watch this 1h video.

https://youtu.be/o9RK6O2kOKo?t=423

This is a good video, but I do not feel like watching all of this right now. Let me go for the Wildberger vid and then I'll get back to the Processing tuts.

2:25pm. Forget this. This material is of no use to me.

2:30pm. I find it really disturbing that even for a 2d or a 3d curve, approximations are necessary to get a constant speed slope. I do not get this at all. How am I going to beat backprop when I can't even beat this.

Forget it. Let me focus on the task at hand.

2:35pm. Ok, I am sure that the...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_aJGUTePYo
Programming & Using Splines - Part#1

...covered Catmull Rom splines. I know what they are.

https://processing.org/tutorials/pshape/

This might be good for creating the clould of Spiral icons.

I've though about it yesterday and I've realized that the Spiral logo will resemble a snail.

...That is strangely fitting given my trajectory.

> PShapes also support loading shape files, such as an SVG (for 2D shapes) or OBJ (for 3D shapes). This can be achieved with the loadShape() method.

Ah, so this is why these shapes exist.

https://processing.org/tutorials/rendering/

Let me read this.

After I am done with the Processing tuts, I'll go back to Kivy. I am going to have to go through its examples. Maybe I'll even get a Processing book from libgen.

```java
PGraphics circles;

void setup() {
  size(100, 100);
  circles = createGraphics(width, height); circles.beginDraw();
  circles.background(0);
  circles.noStroke();
  circles.fill(255, 100); circles.endDraw();
  noCursor();
}

void draw() {
  image(circles, 0, 0);
  stroke(255);
  line(mouseX, 0, mouseX, height);
  line(0, mouseY, width, mouseY);
}

void mousePressed() {
  circles.beginDraw();
  circles.ellipse(mouseX, mouseY, 40, 40);
  circles.endDraw();
}
```

This is interesting. If it were for PGraphics, I'd need to use an array and accumulate the circles there.

> Transparent backgrounds aren’t possible for the display window, the default PGraphics object. They are one of the primary advantages of creating a new drawing surface.

https://processing.org/tutorials/sound/

I can't focus on this right now. Let me move on.

https://processing.org/tutorials/pshader/

What is this?

3:10pm. This is too advanced for me right now. It would take me too much time to study this. Forget it.

https://processing.org/tutorials/p3d/
https://processing.org/tutorials/pvector/

Let me just skim these two again.

> In particular, using the new "shape recording" functionality available in PShape (see PShape tutorial) can greatly increase speed in P3D mode.

3:25pm. Uah, enough. I can't take this anymore. Let me break just for a bit. Unless I want to spend some time writing the Spiral logo and the card icons in Processing, the next stop is Kivy.

I think at this point I understand the very basics of graphics. I am not sure if I am even 2/5, but I am not a low 1 anymore.

3:35pm. Let me take a look at the two Kivy books. After that I'll take a look at the Kivy examples again to see if I can make rectangles without outlines. After that comes drawing shapes that are filled.

3:40pm. The book by Dusty Phillips is really small. I'll skim through its 139 pages quickly.

> The width and height values themselves are pretty easy to interpret. They can be integer values, in which case they refer to the pixel size of the widget on the screen. However, you can also pass string values such as "1cm", "0.75in", or "100dp" to render the widget relative to the resolution of the display. This is almost always a good idea, because modern devices can have an extremely wide variety of pixel densities. A pixel on a cheap laptop might be three times the size of a pixel on a high-end smartphone, and the disparity is even larger for so-called retina displays.

Oh, I did not know about this. Ok, I see.

> Personally, unless I have a good reason to do otherwise, I always use Kivy’s concept of display pixels by passing a suffix of dp to my height and width properties. A display pixel is a resolution-independent value that roughly maps to “the size of a pixel on a typical laptop at 72 dots per inch.” On a lower-end screen, 1 display pixel is equivalent to 1 pixel. On top-end displays, a display pixel might be 3 or 4 real pixels wide. The display pixel will be roughly the same size on all the devices; it’s the pixels themselves that are smaller. It’s not guaranteed, but I find that a display pixel on mobile devices is a bit bigger than on desktops and laptops. This is useful, since touch interfaces need to provide a bit more room for widgets to accommodate the clumsy size of the human finger.

I should do this as wlel.

4:15pm. Ok, enough. I know I said I am supposed to be reading books, but my focus is at its lowest. I just don't care about this and it is boring me out of my mind.

It is time to get back to Kivy.

Let me try doing that table that I did in Processing in Kivy.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/examples/index.html

I need to go through these. Many of these are drawing examples.

```py
        # create an animation object. This object could be stored
        # and reused each call or reused across different widgets.
        # += is a sequential step, while &= is in parallel
        animation = Animation(pos=(100, 100), t='out_bounce')
        animation += Animation(size=(500, 500), pos=(200, 100), t='out_bounce')
        animation += Animation(pos=(0, 0), size=(100, 50))
```

&= does not work for me, but this is interesting either way.

```fs
type AttentionState = {
    modules : string Set * string list
    packages : string Set * string list
    old_packages : SchemaEnv
    supervisor : SupervisorState
    }

let attention_server (errors : SupervisorErrorSources) (req : _ Ch) =
    let push path (s,o) = Set.add path s, path :: o
    let add (s,o) l = Array.foldBack (fun x (s,o as z) -> if Set.contains x s then z else Set.add x s, x :: o) l (s,o)
    let update (s : AttentionState) (modules,packages,supervisor) = {modules = add s.modules modules; packages = add s.packages packages; supervisor = supervisor; old_packages = s.supervisor.packages}
```

I started wondering about the way old packages are cleared and I've realized that I might have a bug.

But nevermind this. I'll worry about this later if it comes to that.

Focus on the Kivy examples.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/36203712/kivy-fill-a-custom-shape-with-color
> There is not a single 'fill' instruction, you must draw a triangulated shape that fills the area. If it isn't something with its own instruction, like an ellipse or rectangle, you can use a Mesh.

Damn.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.graphics.vertex_instructions.html#kivy.graphics.vertex_instructions.Mesh

What are XYUV?

4:55pm. https://kivy.org/doc/stable/examples/gen__canvas__fbo_canvas__py.html

I'll leave the previous question for later. I'll have to study meshes. Right now, there is not much use to Bezier curves as far as I am concerned. Since they can't be filled, what am I going to do with them.

But there are a lot of good Kivy examples, so let me go through them all. This is more interesting that the books on it.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/examples/gen__canvas__lines__py.html

There seem to be some errors in this. Nevermind that for now.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/examples/gen__canvas__mesh__py.html

Ok, I think I understand meshed. The UV I remember from the first part of one of talks being the opposite of the tangent and having something to do with lightning.

5:20pm. https://kivy.org/doc/stable/examples/gen__canvas__tesselate__py.html

This example is interesting to run. I am not sure how it works though. Let me study the code a bit more.

```py
            with self.canvas.after:
                Color(1, 1, 1, 1)
                for vertices, indices in tess.meshes:
                    Mesh(vertices=vertices, indices=indices,
                         mode="triangle_fan")
```

I do not understand. WHy does this cause the color to invert?

Ah, maybe the Tesselator cuts up the intersecting vertices?

5:35pm. https://kivy.org/doc/stable/examples/gen__demo__multistroke__main__py.html

This one is too large for me to study.

Ok, enough. I've barely even looked at the last parts, but I know enough that I won't need them.

5:40pm. One thing I've understood from the examples is that I should look more into meshes. Since they can't be filled, I don't have much use for Bezier curves. Instead I could cut out the table edges from ellipses.

Or I should take the easy way, do all the graphics in Processing and load them up as images in Kivy. That is the most realistic option for making progress.

Imagine I want to make chips. It makes sense to model them as tubes in Processing, and then export them as pngs. I'll have a hard time if I want to do them directly in Kivy.

5:50pm. Ok, focus me. Let me watch that Mesh talk from where I was last time.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9RK6O2kOKo
Unite 2015 - A coder's guide to spline-based procedural geometry

I meant this one. AFter that I'll be done for the day. Tomorrow, I'll move forward with my plan. Technically, I could do in Kivy everything I could do in Processing, but it would take more effort.

This situation mirrors the Kivy/Spiral situation, and is a challenge I need to overcome.

https://youtu.be/o9RK6O2kOKo?t=405

Here is the UV explanation.

https://youtu.be/o9RK6O2kOKo?t=498

Ah, I see. The indices are there so old vertices can be reused.

https://youtu.be/o9RK6O2kOKo?t=1854

Let me just pause here for a bit.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.graphics.svg.html

It seems that Kivy has plans to support Svg. This is what Processing uses to save its objects. If I could make use of this, that would be the ideal solution. There is a warning that this is highly experimental though. I'll want to try this out.

https://www.coreldraw.com/en/pages/svg-file/

> SVG is short for “Scalable Vector Graphics”. It’s a XML based two-dimensional graphic file format. SVG format was developed as an open standard format by World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). The primary use of SVG files are for sharing graphics contents on the Internet. SVG files are suitable for that because the XML base allows SVG files to be searched, indexed, compressed, and scripted. SVG files are widely supported in Internet Browsers. Google Chrome, Firefox, IE, Opera, and every popular browser has the capacity to render SVG images. SVG files are also supported in basic text editors and high-end Graphics editors like CorelDRAW.

Time for lunch.

6:55pm. Let me watch the second half of that talk and then I am done.

7:10pm. Nevermind the question & answer section. I am done. Tomorrow I am going to do those cards and Spiral's logo in Processing. The same goes for the table. I'll just load it as an image.

I am going to use this general technique of using the right tool for the job even if it makes for more intermediate steps. I am not going to get good at combining languages unless I go on this direction. I should just try out going this way.

I can't allow myself to introduce friction between Python and Spiral. The same goes between Python and Processing.

I need to pick up the pace. Do the graphics, do the UI, and then move on to doing the agent. There is nothing else that I need to do.

Spiral is done. And I need to prove myself, most of all to myself. It is really killing me inside that it is almost April 2021 and I still haven't dealt with RL. I can't stand this shame any longer.

I want to give it my all."

---
## [MoneyLoader321/MoneyLoader321](https://github.com/MoneyLoader321/MoneyLoader321)@[9117edf684...](https://github.com/MoneyLoader321/MoneyLoader321/commit/9117edf6840f302f5ec7e934bbb8bd3297e08d41)
#### Wednesday 2021-03-24 22:41:58 by MoneyLoader321

TRANSFER WESTERN UNION BANKS PAYPAL LOGS DUMPS TRACKS 1N2 WITH PIN CLONED CREDIT CARD WITH PIN  POS ONLINE AND OFFLINE MACHINES CREDIT CARD TOP UP CC CVV AMEX VISA MASTER DISCOVER GOLD PLATINUM FULLZ HIGH BALANCE

Owen Thor Walker 
Email:thor184elite@gmail.com
WhatsApp:+1(904) 274-1526
Telegram:+1(443)681-9235

WITNESS YOUR FINANCIAL DREAMS COME THROUGH BRINGING AN END TO  ALL YOU MONETARY PROBLEMS.

LIVE 2021-2023 UPDATED INSTANT WESTERN UNION TRANSFER BUG PAYPAL BANKS TRANSFERS BITCOIN DOUBLING CREDIT CARD TOPUP PAYPAL CASHAPP WESTERN UNION WIRE BANK TRANSFERS LOGS CLONED CC'S WITH HIGH BALANCE FOR ANY TYPE OF CASHOUT

I'm Thor Walker AKA AKILL and i'm specialised in the act of offering many ways to earn online money through sources like western union transfers,bank transfers,moneybookers and paypal transfers through an offshore database. All transactions are offshore and anonymous and has no trace backs or chargebacks. 
When you contact me I need your trust ,I only work with reliable a d mature buyers/Clients (THIS IS NOT A CHARITY ORG SO PLEASE COME WITH YOUR MONEY READY FOR SERIOUS BUSINESS) I have logins with high balance for cash out with zero theft,No charge backs, and no traces securing this logs without stipulation.

A  MINIMUM  TRIAL WILL CONVINCE YOU!!

I'm Specialised IN...

*BANK TO BANK WIRED TRANSFER WESTERN UNION PAYPAL ZELLE TRANSFERS  
*Blank/Cloned atm and creditcards to your dooorsteps
*All CC CVV VBV DUMPS TRACKS FULLZ VISA MASTER AMEX GOLD
*CREDITCARD TOPUP (based on %)/CLEARING OUTSTANDING CREDITS
*CREDIT SCORE INCREASE
*Remove Criminal Records
*Tracing peoples background
*Hack bank accounts
*LOADING SPECIFIC BITCOIN WALLET and CASHAPP
*DRIVERS LICENSE $600    REAL PASSPORT $950     SSN $600
*HACKING SOFTWARES ACTIVATION CODES AND LICENSE KEYS

CONTACT!!!!!!
Email:thor184elite@gmail.com
WhatsApp:+1(904) 274-1526
Telegram:+1(443)681-9235

LIST OF MY SERVICES WITH BREIF EXPLANATION

IMPORTED BITCOIN ADDRESS AND LOADING OF SPECIFIC BTC WALLET 
$750 FOR $70,000
$1000 FOR $150,000
$2000 FOR $500,000
$3000 FOR $1,000,000

WESTERN UNION TRANSFER(WU Transfer)
Transferring Western Union all over the world and it takes 1hour maximum for generating MTCN after you give me your full name state country and zipcode .You Will Get MTCN Code With Sender Info + Amount And Then You Can Pick Up Funds From Any Westernunion Store.
(transferring all over the world)
Western Union Transfer Rates :
Code:
$2500 Transfer = $250 Charges ( Payment only Via BTC OR PM)
$3500 Transfer = $300
$4500 Transfer = $400
$6000 Transfer = $550
$8000 Transfer = $750
And Selling acvation software:
Price $250  for 1 acvation 1 week to use
Price $500  for 1 acvation 1 month to use
Price $1000 for 1 acvation 3 months to use

BANK TRANSFERS WORLDWIDE..
BUY/HIRE OUR BANK TRANSFER HACKING SERVICES.
Now, you’ve known how this things work so it’s time for business. We are a professional Blackhat hacker and i have come with wonderful bank transfer services.i combine a lot of tools coupled with over 15 years of experience in this field to present you with this services. We make use of powerful zeus botnets and advanced phishing and bulk mailing platform to gain access to bank login and database.
Hence, by the virtue of our abilities, bank transfers are now available to all countries especially the following countries :
USA UK EU Canada Australia Russia Netherlands China Malaysia
DETAILS NEEDED FOR BANK TRANSFER :
Bank Name : ……………
Account name : ……………
Account number: ……………
Routing number/Swift code/IBAN/IFSC: ……………
HOW LONG DOES BANK TRANSFER TAKE AFTER PAYMENT?.
Bank hacking transfer services is available same day for transfers below $10,000 to all countries. For other countries, transfers over $10,000 might take 2 days. Transfer Clearing time is determined by how early you place your order, if you order in the early hours of the day, you are sure to get your order completed before end of banking hours.
Same day service to UK/USA/EU/Canada/Australia – 1 to 2 business days service to Russia/Dubai/Singapore.
FEE:
 (Payment Only BTC or PM)
$2500 Transfer = $250Charges
$3500 Transfer = $350 Charges
$4500 Transfer = $450 Charges ?
$5000 Transfer = $500 Charges
$10,000 Transfer = $800?
$50,000 (VIP) =======  $5,250
$100,000 (VIP) ======  $10,100
$200,000 (VIP) ======  $20,200
Contact us for amounts over $200,000.

ZELLE TRANSFER.....
This is a fully tested and well secured transfer from a high balance admin zelle to your zelle account with no request back, chargeback or redflags and of which all traces of transactions will be deleted after each successful transfer right from te zelle database ,this is also one of the easiest and fastest way to get that money you Need and all that is required to run this transfer is just your zelle Email..
(Payment Only BTC or PM)
$2500 Transfer = $250 Charges
$3500 Transfer = $300 Charges
$4500 Transfer = $400 Charges
$6000 Transfer = $550 Charges
$8000 Transfer = $750 Charges

PAYPAL TRANSFERS:-
Using hacked and verified paypal accounts to transfer paypal account to account transfer if you are genious then you can easily dodge paypal and enjoy big free online money from it.this is depends upon you and this is most safest way to earn money.
(transferring all over the world except banned/blacklisted countries)
Paypal Transfer Rates :
Code:
(Payment Only BTC or PM)
$2500 Transfer = $250 Charges
$3500 Transfer = $300
$4500 Transfer = $400
$6000 Transfer = $550
$8000 Transfer = $750

—–With Paypal Veritified——–
- Paypal Veritified with balance 1500$ = 150$
– Paypal Veritified with balance 3000$ = 300$
– Paypal Veritified with balance 5000$ = 500$
– Paypal Veritified with balance 8000$ = 600$
I  have some balance like as and I can still remit more  high balance into PayPal acct.


BUY BLANK/CLONED ATM/Credit CARD WITH OVER $100,000 READY FOR CASHOUT
We are a professional carding team with a large ring around the globe. With over 2 million ATM infected with our malware and skimmers, we can grab bank card data which include the track 1 and track 2 with the card pin. We in turn clone this cards using the grabbed data into real ATM cards which can be used to withdraw at the ATM or swipe at stores and POS. We sell this cards to all our customers and interested buyers worldwide, the card has a daily withdrawal limit of $2500 on ATM and up to $50,000 spending limit on in stores. You can watch the video below to see already cloned cards ready for shipping.
Here is our price lists for the ATM CARDS :
BALANCE: PRICE
clone card prices LIST
$250-------$3,000 ---balance
$350-------$4,000
$450-------$5,000
$600-------$7,000
$700-------$8,000
$800-------$10,000
$900-------$12,000
$1000------$15,000
$2500------$50,000
$10000------$100,000
The prices include the shipping fees and charges, order now
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (FAQ)
On the course of rendering this services, we have come across so many clients with different questions so this is aimed at answering few questions you might have:
1: Are you selling money?
   No, we are not selling money. If you read our post correctly    you will understand how this whole thing works.
2:Is this service available for my country?
  Yes, our services are available worldwide
3:How do i get my card after payments?
  We ship via DHLor FEDEX, standard shipping outside the USA usually takes 7 days within the usa takes 24 hours. All we need is your full name and address.

( FRESH DUMPS & CREDIT CARDS (WORLDWIDE) )
Buy Dumps with Pin is a really great way to invest your money to make Great profits. Just like our logo «We sell money for money», but to start making great profits from our Products you must know how to use Dumps+Pin!
When you buy our Dumps with pin, each piece comes with the track2 and the Pin to that specific Dump. So, when making card you only need to write the track 2.
For example: 4147097698495167=180320115218492901, this is the track2 and this is all you need in order to write dump on to card.

Dumps Price List
USA 101 DUMPS
Visa Classic/MC Standard = $150
Visa Gold, Platinum/MC Gold,Platinum = $150
Visa Business, Corporate/MC Business, Corporate = $250
Visa Purchasing, Signature/MC Purchasing, World = $250
Amex Platinum = $200
Discover = $250

EURO DUMPS (UK – GERMANY – FRANCE – SPAIN – ITALY – NETHERLANDS – SWITZERLAND)
101
Visa Classic/MC Standard = $150
Visa Gold, Platinum/MC Gold,Platinum = $150
Visa Business, Corporate/MC Business, Corporate = $150
Visa Purchasing, Signature/MC Purchasing, World = $55
Amex Platinum = $45

201
Visa Classic/MC Standard = $150
Visa Gold, Platinum/MC Gold,Platinum = $150
Visa Business, Corporate/MC Business, Corporate = $150
Visa Purchasing, Signature/MC Purchasing, World = $150
Will check with hight balance

Fullz info Format is:ASK ME ...

MONEYBOOKERS TRANSFER:-
Offering moneybookers/skrill transfer worldwide.It is a instant payment/transfer .im using safer and safer way to transfer moneybookers so there is no chargebak and negative feedback.
(transferring all over the world)
Money Bookers Transfer Rates :
Code:?
(Payment Only BTC or PM or western unoin)
$1800 Transfer = $180 Charges
$2500 transfer = $250 Charges ?
$3000 Transfer = $300 Charges
$5000 Transfer = $500 Charges

RULES: No Long Talk!
= Please Read RULES & Respect Them.
= No Free Test, All Buyers who want to test my stuff can buy and test
= Bulk Order we have Special Prices, Contact For Info.
= We Have No Guarantee About Limit, We Are Not Selling Money, We Are Only Responsible For VALID.
= Instant Delivery
= Stuffs are sent to you after full payment for the order...
= We  Make REFUND or REPLACE WITHIN HOURS OF PURCHASE ONLY.
= Price Are Mention But Can Be UP Down.
= Service Rules Can Be Changed At Any Moment without Customer Notifications.
= Mobile Buyers Can Get Replace On road
= If you don't trust my service. Please do not contact me
MAKE SURE TO KEEP YOUR TRANSACTION UNDERGROUND AND TAKE PRECAUTION DURING CASH-OUT.
USE DIFFERENT STORES FOR PICK-UP AND SEVERAL ID..

(THIS IS NOT A CHARITY ORG SO PLEASE COME WITH YOUR MONEY READY FOR SERIOUS BUSINESS)

CONTACT!!!!!!
Email:thor184elite@gmail.com
WhatsApp:+1(904) 274-1526
Telegram:+1(443)681-9235

---

# [<](2021-03-23.md) 2021-03-24 [>](2021-03-25.md)

