# [<](2021-09-03.md) 2021-09-04 [>](2021-09-05.md)

2,012,760 events, 1,189,085 push events, 1,677,293 commit messages, 102,847,775 characters


## [AtlasMediaGroup/TotalFreedomMod](https://github.com/AtlasMediaGroup/TotalFreedomMod)@[23caa4e853...](https://github.com/AtlasMediaGroup/TotalFreedomMod/commit/23caa4e853465e2fe8900aa82458b2f7456f3368)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 00:07:10 by Ryan

Dependency Fix & Improvements (#132)

* Upgrade Test

Going to see if switching to the new repo that went live 3 days ago and updating TFM to pull the latest version of Essentials is going to help things here. TFM is building locally so I haven't a fucking scooby doo why Github can't run the build because I've even tried dropping the M2 folder...

* Let's try again

Utter bullshit so far.

* Apparently we don't even use essentials...

No idea where the imports for EssentialsBridge are coming from...

* Various tweaks

Hopefully this might give some more joy, but if not it's removed a command I didn't want anyway and reduced our dependency tree.

I have also switched it to using the ATLAS Artafactory which will serve as an ongoing cache for dependencies and should start to speed up our Github builds as Maven is rubbish with many repo's.

---
## [qorg11/me.dvtate.com](https://github.com/qorg11/me.dvtate.com)@[f57771d2a7...](https://github.com/qorg11/me.dvtate.com/commit/f57771d2a7bf1159e7baeccd481c3f6aa05a61f9)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 01:39:46 by qorg11

Make the FUCKING USELESS PIECE OF SHIT SOY AS SHIT so you can merge it

Mom i want to be like Tate Staka Duggan

---
## [Ryujinz/kernel_realme_r5x](https://github.com/Ryujinz/kernel_realme_r5x)@[7da5b9ce79...](https://github.com/Ryujinz/kernel_realme_r5x/commit/7da5b9ce797f12bd86382239806d3dba0f11155a)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 01:46:28 by Francis Yan

BACKPORT: tcp: instrument tcp sender limits chronographs

This patch implements the skeleton of the TCP chronograph
instrumentation on sender side limits:

	1) idle (unspec)
	2) busy sending data other than 3-4 below
	3) rwnd-limited
	4) sndbuf-limited

The limits are enumerated 'tcp_chrono'. Since a connection in
theory can idle forever, we do not track the actual length of this
uninteresting idle period. For the rest we track how long the sender
spends in each limit. At any point during the life time of a
connection, the sender must be in one of the four states.

If there are multiple conditions worthy of tracking in a chronograph
then the highest priority enum takes precedence over
the other conditions. So that if something "more interesting"
starts happening, stop the previous chrono and start a new one.

The time unit is jiffy(u32) in order to save space in tcp_sock.
This implies application must sample the stats no longer than every
49 days of 1ms jiffy.

saalim :- Drop rate_app_limited from tcp header (already present)
original :- https://github.com/danascape/kernel-msm-4.14/commit/05b055e89121394058c75dc354e9a46e1e765579#diff-4ddfd98f3453244962e17ac121bea6162887af47d0531ba6e2cf49a941edf2c9

Signed-off-by: Francis Yan <francisyyan@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Yuchung Cheng <ycheng@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Soheil Hassas Yeganeh <soheil@google.com>
Acked-by: Neal Cardwell <ncardwell@google.com>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Signed-off-by: danascape <saalimquadri1@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [newstools/2021-the-herald](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-herald)@[1ceee07c5a...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-herald/commit/1ceee07c5a6b652362dba277f2f155fbbf784d3f)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 02:48:32 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.herald.co.zw/love-cheat-axes-boyfriend/]

---
## [boot2big/MinecraftTransportSimulator-but-CC-fucked-it](https://github.com/boot2big/MinecraftTransportSimulator-but-CC-fucked-it)@[c264138b96...](https://github.com/boot2big/MinecraftTransportSimulator-but-CC-fucked-it/commit/c264138b9643c4cae0d6bbab7c84769ffe648662)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 04:22:55 by CC

God damnit

WHY THE FUCK DOES THIS HAVE TO TRANSFER AND WHY CANT I STOP IT WHAT

---
## [wewmuu/TuxTrouble](https://github.com/wewmuu/TuxTrouble)@[cebaa8ac9c...](https://github.com/wewmuu/TuxTrouble/commit/cebaa8ac9cfac9e67784c5793d0378061acc8a14)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 05:12:45 by SuperPositiveP

Update EndingState.hx

FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCKJ YOU FUCK YOU HAXE
I'M LOSING MY MIND WITH MINOR BUGS THAT SHOULD NOT EXIST.

ADMITTEDLY ONE OF THEM WAS AN OVERSIGHT FROM ME, BUT THIS SHOULD HAVE GIVEN ME A COMPILER ERROR, YOU PEICES OF SHIT HAXE DEVELOPERS. FUCK YOU!

---
## [TheCipher01/posbotv3](https://github.com/TheCipher01/posbotv3)@[d5dba3f162...](https://github.com/TheCipher01/posbotv3/commit/d5dba3f162fa9f42aa04a669fd492fef642590b4)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 07:22:04 by Cipher

Update main.java

The only FUCKING productive thing to come out of tonight is making the say command work as it used to again everything else still doesn't work worth a god damn shit because "i CaNt hAndLe ThIS cOmMaNd" fuck off and give me a reason I'm removing that fucking default reply

---
## [TheCipher01/posbotv3](https://github.com/TheCipher01/posbotv3)@[5b3c027f18...](https://github.com/TheCipher01/posbotv3/commit/5b3c027f187afd974b7cafea1696e5814dc8852d)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 07:22:29 by Cipher

Update Says.java

fuck you and your not being able to handle that command right now shove it up your fucking ass discord

---
## [touchain-project/halogrants](https://github.com/touchain-project/halogrants)@[77d9a53265...](https://github.com/touchain-project/halogrants/commit/77d9a5326524805d5e90dc80d1e75a8c01df120d)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 08:23:28 by Touchain

Create open-proposal-TCN(Touchain NFT).md

RFP Proposal: TCN(Touchain NFT）
RFP Category: NFT

Name of Project: TCN（Touchain NFT）

Link to RFP: Please link to the RFP that you are submitting a proposal for.

Proposer: touchain

Do you agree to open source all work you do on behalf of this RFP and dual-license under MIT and APACHE2 licenses? "Yes" 

Project Description

      It's a NFT wallet，which can support muti-chains，such as ETH, BSC,HECO,OKex chain....  it also have several interesting function，such as sent
NFT by phone number or email， it can be show on telegram， Qchat ，twitter...
       It also support muti-chain NFT building and NFT marketplace



Deliverables

          Add iotex in TCN wallet
          support NFT building and NFT market place by IOTEX
          support  other NFT program on IOTEX

Development Roadmap

          Add iotex in TCN wallet                                                                                   2021.9.30
          support NFT building and NFT market  place by IOTEX                                  2021.10.31
          support  other NFT program on IOTEX                                                           2021.12.31




Total Budget Requested

            finished 3 milestone need $50000 budget，see detail below        

          Add iotex in TCN wallet                                                                                   2021.9.30                $10000
          support NFT building and NFT market  place by IOTEX                                  2021.10.31              $30000
          support  other NFT program on IOTEX                                                           2021.12.31              $50000

Maintenance and Upgrade Plans

          we will maintain IOS/android TCN app ， add more function，normally update a version monthly


Team
Contact Info
          Zhou Yachi ：mobile phone/QCHAT  086- 13661995803，   email ：zhouyachi@touchain.io

Provide us with a way to contact you (email is probably easiest).
Team Members

Zhou Yachi: Alumni of China Europe Business School. More than 10 years experience in Internet of Things, medical care and blockchain industry. He once served as technical manager, product manager and product line director in Flextronics, BYD and TCL, and was responsible for the research and development and productization of the earliest smart phones in China.
Jack li: Master of Huazhong University of Science and Technology. He used to be GE, Lenovo Chief Engineer, Ontology Blockchain Architect and Ankr Blockchain Leader. More than 10 years experience in the development and management of distributed storage, distributed computing and other related blockchain technologies
Chenliang: Master of Shanghai Jiaotong University. He has worked in Huawei for 10 years and served as system engineer SE and technology leader. He was responsible for the successful introduction of HiSilicon chip from 0-1 to Huawei mobile phone, and won Huawei internal personal technology contribution award, major project breakthrough award and director award for many times ......
Wesley: Full stack. Responsible for the architecture design and implementation of wheat wallet and ontology wallet.
Robin：Responsible for TCN’ DEFI and NFT contract


Team Website

www.touchain.io

Relevant Experience

Zhou Yachi: Alumni of China Europe Business School. More than 10 years experience in Internet of Things, medical care and blockchain industry. He once served as technical manager, product manager and product line director in Flextronics, BYD and TCL, and was responsible for the research and development and productization of the earliest smart phones in China.

Jack li: Master of Huazhong University of Science and Technology. He used to be GE, Lenovo Chief Engineer, Ontology Blockchain Architect and Ankr Blockchain Leader. More than 10 years experience in the development and management of distributed storage, distributed computing and other related blockchain technologies

Chenliang: Master of Shanghai Jiaotong University. He has worked in Huawei for 10 years and served as system engineer SE and technology leader. He was responsible for the successful introduction of HiSilicon chip from 0-1 to Huawei mobile phone, and won Huawei internal personal technology contribution award, major project breakthrough award and director award for many times ......

Wesley: Full stack. Responsible for the architecture design and implementation of wheat wallet and ontology wallet.

Robin：Responsible for TCN’ DEFI and NFT contract

Team code repositories

           www.touchain.io/download

Additional Information

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4504542652...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/45045426526a53efa0505a1d187ecb4aea199da6)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 10:12:05 by Marko Grdinić

"8:10am. I am up. Ok, I think that thanks to that guy's advice I understand I need to pare down my resume down to a single page. For my next run, I'll redo it once again. As a consequence it will lose most of its information content and will become a meaningless buzzword soup, but I should get more bites from HR drones.

I am just too obsessed about getting accepted the way I am. With the resume I am trying to proceed among reasonable lines, but I need to tread the path of insanity to appeal to the normies. With that Intel job I suggested exactly the things they need, but it is meaningless if all they want are C++ people to look for cheap heuristics for their compiler. They aren't taking NP Hard problems seriously enough.

8:15am. Didn't I unsubscribe from Freelancer a couple of times by now? No, I am not interested in work for 2-7E/hour. Why does this site even exist?

8:20am. Today I have no new mail.

I do not need Spiral's C backend right now. I certainly won't need it for a job. And I certainly won't be able to make use of it for anything with my 2/5 skill in ML.

Julia is fine. I can do my project in whatever is appropriate. The games will certainly be more performant that with Python + Spiral.

Right now, the most important thing is to push that stagnating skill score up. I should do a grand project using probabilistic programming. That is the only way to get to the bottom of it and judge its true worth.

8:25am. Today I'll finish the Omega tutorials, and then I'll look at Zenna's own projects for examples of it in action. I'll internalize it all step by step. It does not matter how long it takes, even if it is years.

8:30am. Let me chill a bit. Eventually the day will come where my skills will be high, and the hardware will be there. The world will be in the palm of my hand. But until then I should just work at it.

Also even though I'll keep applying I need to take these jobs less seriously. If they could realistically measure people's skills at programming, I'd have people lining up to hire me. Since they are drones, I should treat them appropriately. I need to find my smug.

8:35am. Forget taking so seriously as if the fate of the world is hanging on me getting my hands on those AI chips.

9:25am. Ok, let me start. Let me finish the the series of articles on causal reasoning from yesterday.

Then I'll lick the rest of the Omega tutorials.

10am. Done with the articles. Let me go back to Omega.

10:15am.

```jl
μold = normal(0.0, 1.0)
x = normal(μold, 1.0)
μnew = 100.0
xnew = replace(x, μold => μnew)
xnewnew = replace(x, μold => normal(200.0, 1.0))
rand((x, xnew, xnewnew))
```

I am not sure how this works. Why is replacing μold and not the entire variable like in the previous example. Nevermind this for now. I'll figure out the details as I try to use the library.

Ah, wait, it is not using `->` which is the regular lambda symbol. Instead it is using `=>` which gives a pair. I see.

```jl
μ1 = normal(0, 1)
μ2 = normal(0, 1)
y = normal(x1 + x2, 1)
xnewmulti = replace(y, μ1 => normal(200.0, 1.0), μ2 => normal(300.0, 1.0))
rand((xnewmulti))
```

On the third line, this example has unbound vars. Let me do an edit.

```jl
outside_temp = ciid(outside_temp_, T=Float64)
```

This example is broken.

```jl
outside_temp = ciid(outside_temp_)
```

Let me correct it to this.

11:20am. http://www.zenna.org/Omega.jl/latest/correspondence/

Corrected all the errors in the previous article. Now it is time for this one.

Hmmm, the example is too incomplete for me to do anything with it. Nevermind. Let me move to the next thing.

11:35am.

```
μ = uniform([-100.0, 100.0])
x = normal(μ, 1.0)
x_ = rid(x, μ)
mean(x_)
```

I can't really get this to do anything. Wrapping a rand around that line seems to have crashed the interpreter.

http://www.zenna.org/Omega.jl/latest/performance/

The examples here all lose type info and I am not sure how to recover it. I need more familiarity with Julia.

11:50am. Made a quick fix for a typo that I found.

12pm. http://www.zenna.org/Omega.jl/latest/omegavsotherppls/

///

Turing: Omega does not yet suport likelihood based inference, although it is planned, so use Turing if that is the case. Turing currently has more infernece procedures implemented. Omega is more flexible, likely faster, and supports causal and distributional inference.
Stan: Use Stan if you model is expressible in stan, i.e., differentiable and of finite dimension. Otherwise, consider Omega.
Pyro, TensorFlow Probability: Omega does not yet support variational inference (contributions welcome!), so use those frameworks if that is required.

///

Not a large article. At any rate, I am done with the documentation. The next part of my goal is to track down Zenna's examples and study them. I am guessing he using Omega for them.

If it turns out that these methods work well for making a poker player, in the future I will be making my own PPL for Spiral. No matter how things turn out, I will be implementing all my stuff on AI chips, and whether it be Python or Julia, none of them will be a good fit for those devices.

But that is in the future and should not matter to me now. What matter is that lagging far behind compared to what my preferred ML skill should be.

Right now I am behind those programmers who would be making fixed rule poker bots by hand. That is how much I suck.

12:10pm. Let me have breakfast here.

I am only getting started. Right now my situation is pretty useless, but having a 4/5 score in ML would be a very strong ability and would solve all my money making needs. I won't reach it that easily or soon, but it should be doable in a few years."

---
## [Mango-Mob/Silence](https://github.com/Mango-Mob/Silence)@[3cd667a89e...](https://github.com/Mango-Mob/Silence/commit/3cd667a89ed0f8d7f69ee725c4b2139dedf603e9)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 10:55:34 by William

Added main menu prefab from previous prototype.

God damn it please don't fuck with a perfectly good prefab and script next time you want to adjust it for a specific game.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[c8693bca17...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/c8693bca17d3996e3fd4ca5627117a8d0d2add88)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 11:06:46 by Timberpoes

Uncouples the cultist red eye trait examine text from requiring cultist status or a certain eye colour. (#61199)

Renames TRAIT_CULT_EYES to TRAIT_UNNATURAL_RED_GLOWY_EYES.

This trait now always displays a (slightly modified) message about unnatural glowy red eyes regardless of if the person is a cultist and regardless of what their eye colour is.

The examine is decoupled from eye colour because as it turns out, players can select the bloodcult red eye colour as part of character prefs. Anything that gave this trait set the eye colour to red anyway. Because there's now no guarantee the eyes themselves are red with this trait, the examine has been reworded slightly to reinforce that the eyes are merely glowing red and not necessarily are red themselves.

The examine is also decoupled from being a cultist. The trait can be added from multiple sources. Removing the cultist check means other things that want to tread the line of cult paranoia can add it too. Like Chaplain maint sect eyes and admin shennanigans.

This now means that the Chaplain's maint sect night vision eyes actually add the examine flavour text, instead of what they did before which is only add the examine flavour text if the player was a cultist that had bloodcult red coloured eyes. In other words, if they were risen and already had glowy eyes.

---
## [19-shubho/forsk-coding-shool-challenges](https://github.com/19-shubho/forsk-coding-shool-challenges)@[130ef21855...](https://github.com/19-shubho/forsk-coding-shool-challenges/commit/130ef218551ac478300b53b975748bd2f36b67e9)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 11:15:51 by Shubhodeep Roy

Add files via upload

Problem Statement:
    (Baby_Names.zip)
    The United States Social Security Administration (SSA) has made 
    available data on the frequency of baby names from 1880 through the 2010. 
    (Use Baby_Names.zip)  
    
    Read data from all the year files starting from 1880 to 2010, 
    add an extra column named as year that contains year of that 
    particular data. 
    
    Concatinate all the data to form single dataframe 
    using pandas concat method.
    
    Display the top 5 male and female baby names of 2010.
    
    Calculate sum of the births column by sex as the total number of births 
    in that year(use pandas groupby method).
    
    Plot the results of the above activity to show total births 
    by sex and year.

---
## [peff/git](https://github.com/peff/git)@[1162ebe5ed...](https://github.com/peff/git/commit/1162ebe5ed6fdb1bc26f7adf8eb909c707424230)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 12:04:42 by Jeff King

ref-filter: stop setting FILTER_REFS_INCLUDE_BROKEN

Of the tree ref-filter callers, for-each-ref and git-branch both set the
INCLUDE_BROKEN flag (but git-tag does not, which is a weird
inconsistency).  But now that GIT_REF_PARANOIA is on by default, that
produces almost the same outcome for all three.

The one exception is that GIT_REF_PARANOIA will omit dangling symrefs.
That's a better behavior for these tools, as they would never include
such a symref in the main output anyway (they can't, as it doesn't point
to an object). Instead they issue a warning to stderr. But that warning
is somewhat useless; a dangling symref is a perfectly reasonable thing
to have in your repository, and is not a sign of corruption. It's much
friendlier to just quietly ignore it.

And in terms of robustness, the warning gains us little. It does not
impact the exit code of either tool. So while the warning _might_ clue
in a user that they have an unexpected broken symref, it would not help
any kind of scripted use.

This patch converts for-each-ref and git-branch to stop using the
INCLUDE_BROKEN flag. That gives them more reasonable behavior, and
harmonizes them with git-tag.

We have to change one test to adapt to the situation. t1430 tries to
trigger all of the REF_ISBROKEN behaviors from the underlying ref code.
It uses for-each-ref to do so (because there isn't any other mechanism).
That will no longer issue a warning about the symref which points to an
invalid name, as it's considered dangling (and we can instead be sure
that it's _not_ mentioned on stderr). Note that we do still complain
about the illegally named "broken..symref"; its problem is not that it's
dangling, but the name of the symref itself is illegal.

---
## [KuoryIRIX/95Promo](https://github.com/KuoryIRIX/95Promo)@[5db01621c8...](https://github.com/KuoryIRIX/95Promo/commit/5db01621c8f92e97d0b82267a9ef68ba2be1f2db)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 13:52:32 by Rozan

Delete README.md

fuck the readme.md
stupid bitch

---
## [adhll/jd_scripts](https://github.com/adhll/jd_scripts)@[7cd869eda7...](https://github.com/adhll/jd_scripts/commit/7cd869eda70c16df14c5f973c8961e69a26690a5)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 14:49:18 by adhll

Create jd_dreamFactory.js

/*
京东京喜工厂
更新时间：2021-6-25
修复做任务、收集电力出现火爆，不能完成任务，重新计算h5st验证
参考自 ：https://www.orzlee.com/web-development/2021/03/03/lxk0301-jingdong-signin-scriptjingxi-factory-solves-the-problem-of-unable-to-signin.html
活动入口：京东APP-游戏与互动-查看更多-京喜工厂
或者: 京东APP首页搜索 "玩一玩" ,造物工厂即可

已支持IOS双京东账号,Node.js支持N个京东账号
脚本兼容: QuantumultX, Surge, Loon, JSBox, Node.js
============Quantumultx===============
[task_local]
#京喜工厂
10 * * * * jd_dreamFactory.js, tag=京喜工厂, img-url=https://github.com/58xinian/icon/raw/master/jdgc.png, enabled=true

================Loon==============
[Script]
cron "10 * * * *" script-path=jd_dreamFactory.js,tag=京喜工厂

===============Surge=================
京喜工厂 = type=cron,cronexp="10 * * * *",wake-system=1,timeout=3600,script-path=jd_dreamFactory.js

============小火箭=========
京喜工厂 = type=cron,script-path=jd_dreamFactory.js, cronexpr="10 * * * *", timeout=3600, enable=true

 */
// prettier-ignore
!function (t, r) { "object" == typeof exports ? module.exports = exports = r() : "function" == typeof define && define.amd ? define([], r) : t.CryptoJS = r() }(this, function () {
  var t = t || function (t, r) { var e = Object.create || function () { function t() { } return function (r) { var e; return t.prototype = r, e = new t, t.prototype = null, e } }(), i = {}, n = i.lib = {}, o = n.Base = function () { return { extend: function (t) { var r = e(this); return t && r.mixIn(t), r.hasOwnProperty("init") && this.init !== r.init || (r.init = function () { r.$super.init.apply(this, arguments) }), r.init.prototype = r, r.$super = this, r }, create: function () { var t = this.extend(); return t.init.apply(t, arguments), t }, init: function () { }, mixIn: function (t) { for (var r in t) t.hasOwnProperty(r) && (this[r] = t[r]); t.hasOwnProperty("toString") && (this.toString = t.toString) }, clone: function () { return this.init.prototype.extend(this) } } }(), s = n.WordArray = o.extend({ init: function (t, e) { t = this.words = t || [], e != r ? this.sigBytes = e : this.sigBytes = 4 * t.length }, toString: function (t) { return (t || c).stringify(this) }, concat: function (t) { var r = this.words, e = t.words, i = this.sigBytes, n = t.sigBytes; if (this.clamp(), i % 4) for (var o = 0; o < n; o++) { var s = e[o >>> 2] >>> 24 - o % 4 * 8 & 255; r[i + o >>> 2] |= s << 24 - (i + o) % 4 * 8 } else for (var o = 0; o < n; o += 4)r[i + o >>> 2] = e[o >>> 2]; return this.sigBytes += n, this }, clamp: function () { var r = this.words, e = this.sigBytes; r[e >>> 2] &= 4294967295 << 32 - e % 4 * 8, r.length = t.ceil(e / 4) }, clone: function () { var t = o.clone.call(this); return t.words = this.words.slice(0), t }, random: function (r) { for (var e, i = [], n = function (r) { var r = r, e = 987654321, i = 4294967295; return function () { e = 36969 * (65535 & e) + (e >> 16) & i, r = 18e3 * (65535 & r) + (r >> 16) & i; var n = (e << 16) + r & i; return n /= 4294967296, n += .5, n * (t.random() > .5 ? 1 : -1) } }, o = 0; o < r; o += 4) { var a = n(4294967296 * (e || t.random())); e = 987654071 * a(), i.push(4294967296 * a() | 0) } return new s.init(i, r) } }), a = i.enc = {}, c = a.Hex = { stringify: function (t) { for (var r = t.words, e = t.sigBytes, i = [], n = 0; n < e; n++) { var o = r[n >>> 2] >>> 24 - n % 4 * 8 & 255; i.push((o >>> 4).toString(16)), i.push((15 & o).toString(16)) } return i.join("") }, parse: function (t) { for (var r = t.length, e = [], i = 0; i < r; i += 2)e[i >>> 3] |= parseInt(t.substr(i, 2), 16) << 24 - i % 8 * 4; return new s.init(e, r / 2) } }, h = a.Latin1 = { stringify: function (t) { for (var r = t.words, e = t.sigBytes, i = [], n = 0; n < e; n++) { var o = r[n >>> 2] >>> 24 - n % 4 * 8 & 255; i.push(String.fromCharCode(o)) } return i.join("") }, parse: function (t) { for (var r = t.length, e = [], i = 0; i < r; i++)e[i >>> 2] |= (255 & t.charCodeAt(i)) << 24 - i % 4 * 8; return new s.init(e, r) } }, l = a.Utf8 = { stringify: function (t) { try { return decodeURIComponent(escape(h.stringify(t))) } catch (t) { throw new Error("Malformed UTF-8 data") } }, parse: function (t) { return h.parse(unescape(encodeURIComponent(t))) } }, f = n.BufferedBlockAlgorithm = o.extend({ reset: function () { this._data = new s.init, this._nDataBytes = 0 }, _append: function (t) { "string" == typeof t && (t = l.parse(t)), this._data.concat(t), this._nDataBytes += t.sigBytes }, _process: function (r) { var e = this._data, i = e.words, n = e.sigBytes, o = this.blockSize, a = 4 * o, c = n / a; c = r ? t.ceil(c) : t.max((0 | c) - this._minBufferSize, 0); var h = c * o, l = t.min(4 * h, n); if (h) { for (var f = 0; f < h; f += o)this._doProcessBlock(i, f); var u = i.splice(0, h); e.sigBytes -= l } return new s.init(u, l) }, clone: function () { var t = o.clone.call(this); return t._data = this._data.clone(), t }, _minBufferSize: 0 }), u = (n.Hasher = f.extend({ cfg: o.extend(), init: function (t) { this.cfg = this.cfg.extend(t), this.reset() }, reset: function () { f.reset.call(this), this._doReset() }, update: function (t) { return this._append(t), this._process(), this }, finalize: function (t) { t && this._append(t); var r = this._doFinalize(); return r }, blockSize: 16, _createHelper: function (t) { return function (r, e) { return new t.init(e).finalize(r) } }, _createHmacHelper: function (t) { return function (r, e) { return new u.HMAC.init(t, e).finalize(r) } } }), i.algo = {}); return i }(Math); return function () { function r(t, r, e) { for (var i = [], o = 0, s = 0; s < r; s++)if (s % 4) { var a = e[t.charCodeAt(s - 1)] << s % 4 * 2, c = e[t.charCodeAt(s)] >>> 6 - s % 4 * 2; i[o >>> 2] |= (a | c) << 24 - o % 4 * 8, o++ } return n.create(i, o) } var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.WordArray, o = e.enc; o.Base64 = { stringify: function (t) { var r = t.words, e = t.sigBytes, i = this._map; t.clamp(); for (var n = [], o = 0; o < e; o += 3)for (var s = r[o >>> 2] >>> 24 - o % 4 * 8 & 255, a = r[o + 1 >>> 2] >>> 24 - (o + 1) % 4 * 8 & 255, c = r[o + 2 >>> 2] >>> 24 - (o + 2) % 4 * 8 & 255, h = s << 16 | a << 8 | c, l = 0; l < 4 && o + .75 * l < e; l++)n.push(i.charAt(h >>> 6 * (3 - l) & 63)); var f = i.charAt(64); if (f) for (; n.length % 4;)n.push(f); return n.join("") }, parse: function (t) { var e = t.length, i = this._map, n = this._reverseMap; if (!n) { n = this._reverseMap = []; for (var o = 0; o < i.length; o++)n[i.charCodeAt(o)] = o } var s = i.charAt(64); if (s) { var a = t.indexOf(s); a !== -1 && (e = a) } return r(t, e, n) }, _map: "ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789+/=" } }(), function (r) { function e(t, r, e, i, n, o, s) { var a = t + (r & e | ~r & i) + n + s; return (a << o | a >>> 32 - o) + r } function i(t, r, e, i, n, o, s) { var a = t + (r & i | e & ~i) + n + s; return (a << o | a >>> 32 - o) + r } function n(t, r, e, i, n, o, s) { var a = t + (r ^ e ^ i) + n + s; return (a << o | a >>> 32 - o) + r } function o(t, r, e, i, n, o, s) { var a = t + (e ^ (r | ~i)) + n + s; return (a << o | a >>> 32 - o) + r } var s = t, a = s.lib, c = a.WordArray, h = a.Hasher, l = s.algo, f = []; !function () { for (var t = 0; t < 64; t++)f[t] = 4294967296 * r.abs(r.sin(t + 1)) | 0 }(); var u = l.MD5 = h.extend({ _doReset: function () { this._hash = new c.init([1732584193, 4023233417, 2562383102, 271733878]) }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, r) { for (var s = 0; s < 16; s++) { var a = r + s, c = t[a]; t[a] = 16711935 & (c << 8 | c >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (c << 24 | c >>> 8) } var h = this._hash.words, l = t[r + 0], u = t[r + 1], d = t[r + 2], v = t[r + 3], p = t[r + 4], _ = t[r + 5], y = t[r + 6], g = t[r + 7], B = t[r + 8], w = t[r + 9], k = t[r + 10], S = t[r + 11], m = t[r + 12], x = t[r + 13], b = t[r + 14], H = t[r + 15], z = h[0], A = h[1], C = h[2], D = h[3]; z = e(z, A, C, D, l, 7, f[0]), D = e(D, z, A, C, u, 12, f[1]), C = e(C, D, z, A, d, 17, f[2]), A = e(A, C, D, z, v, 22, f[3]), z = e(z, A, C, D, p, 7, f[4]), D = e(D, z, A, C, _, 12, f[5]), C = e(C, D, z, A, y, 17, f[6]), A = e(A, C, D, z, g, 22, f[7]), z = e(z, A, C, D, B, 7, f[8]), D = e(D, z, A, C, w, 12, f[9]), C = e(C, D, z, A, k, 17, f[10]), A = e(A, C, D, z, S, 22, f[11]), z = e(z, A, C, D, m, 7, f[12]), D = e(D, z, A, C, x, 12, f[13]), C = e(C, D, z, A, b, 17, f[14]), A = e(A, C, D, z, H, 22, f[15]), z = i(z, A, C, D, u, 5, f[16]), D = i(D, z, A, C, y, 9, f[17]), C = i(C, D, z, A, S, 14, f[18]), A = i(A, C, D, z, l, 20, f[19]), z = i(z, A, C, D, _, 5, f[20]), D = i(D, z, A, C, k, 9, f[21]), C = i(C, D, z, A, H, 14, f[22]), A = i(A, C, D, z, p, 20, f[23]), z = i(z, A, C, D, w, 5, f[24]), D = i(D, z, A, C, b, 9, f[25]), C = i(C, D, z, A, v, 14, f[26]), A = i(A, C, D, z, B, 20, f[27]), z = i(z, A, C, D, x, 5, f[28]), D = i(D, z, A, C, d, 9, f[29]), C = i(C, D, z, A, g, 14, f[30]), A = i(A, C, D, z, m, 20, f[31]), z = n(z, A, C, D, _, 4, f[32]), D = n(D, z, A, C, B, 11, f[33]), C = n(C, D, z, A, S, 16, f[34]), A = n(A, C, D, z, b, 23, f[35]), z = n(z, A, C, D, u, 4, f[36]), D = n(D, z, A, C, p, 11, f[37]), C = n(C, D, z, A, g, 16, f[38]), A = n(A, C, D, z, k, 23, f[39]), z = n(z, A, C, D, x, 4, f[40]), D = n(D, z, A, C, l, 11, f[41]), C = n(C, D, z, A, v, 16, f[42]), A = n(A, C, D, z, y, 23, f[43]), z = n(z, A, C, D, w, 4, f[44]), D = n(D, z, A, C, m, 11, f[45]), C = n(C, D, z, A, H, 16, f[46]), A = n(A, C, D, z, d, 23, f[47]), z = o(z, A, C, D, l, 6, f[48]), D = o(D, z, A, C, g, 10, f[49]), C = o(C, D, z, A, b, 15, f[50]), A = o(A, C, D, z, _, 21, f[51]), z = o(z, A, C, D, m, 6, f[52]), D = o(D, z, A, C, v, 10, f[53]), C = o(C, D, z, A, k, 15, f[54]), A = o(A, C, D, z, u, 21, f[55]), z = o(z, A, C, D, B, 6, f[56]), D = o(D, z, A, C, H, 10, f[57]), C = o(C, D, z, A, y, 15, f[58]), A = o(A, C, D, z, x, 21, f[59]), z = o(z, A, C, D, p, 6, f[60]), D = o(D, z, A, C, S, 10, f[61]), C = o(C, D, z, A, d, 15, f[62]), A = o(A, C, D, z, w, 21, f[63]), h[0] = h[0] + z | 0, h[1] = h[1] + A | 0, h[2] = h[2] + C | 0, h[3] = h[3] + D | 0 }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = this._data, e = t.words, i = 8 * this._nDataBytes, n = 8 * t.sigBytes; e[n >>> 5] |= 128 << 24 - n % 32; var o = r.floor(i / 4294967296), s = i; e[(n + 64 >>> 9 << 4) + 15] = 16711935 & (o << 8 | o >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (o << 24 | o >>> 8), e[(n + 64 >>> 9 << 4) + 14] = 16711935 & (s << 8 | s >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (s << 24 | s >>> 8), t.sigBytes = 4 * (e.length + 1), this._process(); for (var a = this._hash, c = a.words, h = 0; h < 4; h++) { var l = c[h]; c[h] = 16711935 & (l << 8 | l >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (l << 24 | l >>> 8) } return a }, clone: function () { var t = h.clone.call(this); return t._hash = this._hash.clone(), t } }); s.MD5 = h._createHelper(u), s.HmacMD5 = h._createHmacHelper(u) }(Math), function () { var r = t, e = r.lib, i = e.WordArray, n = e.Hasher, o = r.algo, s = [], a = o.SHA1 = n.extend({ _doReset: function () { this._hash = new i.init([1732584193, 4023233417, 2562383102, 271733878, 3285377520]) }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, r) { for (var e = this._hash.words, i = e[0], n = e[1], o = e[2], a = e[3], c = e[4], h = 0; h < 80; h++) { if (h < 16) s[h] = 0 | t[r + h]; else { var l = s[h - 3] ^ s[h - 8] ^ s[h - 14] ^ s[h - 16]; s[h] = l << 1 | l >>> 31 } var f = (i << 5 | i >>> 27) + c + s[h]; f += h < 20 ? (n & o | ~n & a) + 1518500249 : h < 40 ? (n ^ o ^ a) + 1859775393 : h < 60 ? (n & o | n & a | o & a) - 1894007588 : (n ^ o ^ a) - 899497514, c = a, a = o, o = n << 30 | n >>> 2, n = i, i = f } e[0] = e[0] + i | 0, e[1] = e[1] + n | 0, e[2] = e[2] + o | 0, e[3] = e[3] + a | 0, e[4] = e[4] + c | 0 }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = this._data, r = t.words, e = 8 * this._nDataBytes, i = 8 * t.sigBytes; return r[i >>> 5] |= 128 << 24 - i % 32, r[(i + 64 >>> 9 << 4) + 14] = Math.floor(e / 4294967296), r[(i + 64 >>> 9 << 4) + 15] = e, t.sigBytes = 4 * r.length, this._process(), this._hash }, clone: function () { var t = n.clone.call(this); return t._hash = this._hash.clone(), t } }); r.SHA1 = n._createHelper(a), r.HmacSHA1 = n._createHmacHelper(a) }(), function (r) { var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.WordArray, o = i.Hasher, s = e.algo, a = [], c = []; !function () { function t(t) { for (var e = r.sqrt(t), i = 2; i <= e; i++)if (!(t % i)) return !1; return !0 } function e(t) { return 4294967296 * (t - (0 | t)) | 0 } for (var i = 2, n = 0; n < 64;)t(i) && (n < 8 && (a[n] = e(r.pow(i, .5))), c[n] = e(r.pow(i, 1 / 3)), n++), i++ }(); var h = [], l = s.SHA256 = o.extend({ _doReset: function () { this._hash = new n.init(a.slice(0)) }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, r) { for (var e = this._hash.words, i = e[0], n = e[1], o = e[2], s = e[3], a = e[4], l = e[5], f = e[6], u = e[7], d = 0; d < 64; d++) { if (d < 16) h[d] = 0 | t[r + d]; else { var v = h[d - 15], p = (v << 25 | v >>> 7) ^ (v << 14 | v >>> 18) ^ v >>> 3, _ = h[d - 2], y = (_ << 15 | _ >>> 17) ^ (_ << 13 | _ >>> 19) ^ _ >>> 10; h[d] = p + h[d - 7] + y + h[d - 16] } var g = a & l ^ ~a & f, B = i & n ^ i & o ^ n & o, w = (i << 30 | i >>> 2) ^ (i << 19 | i >>> 13) ^ (i << 10 | i >>> 22), k = (a << 26 | a >>> 6) ^ (a << 21 | a >>> 11) ^ (a << 7 | a >>> 25), S = u + k + g + c[d] + h[d], m = w + B; u = f, f = l, l = a, a = s + S | 0, s = o, o = n, n = i, i = S + m | 0 } e[0] = e[0] + i | 0, e[1] = e[1] + n | 0, e[2] = e[2] + o | 0, e[3] = e[3] + s | 0, e[4] = e[4] + a | 0, e[5] = e[5] + l | 0, e[6] = e[6] + f | 0, e[7] = e[7] + u | 0 }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = this._data, e = t.words, i = 8 * this._nDataBytes, n = 8 * t.sigBytes; return e[n >>> 5] |= 128 << 24 - n % 32, e[(n + 64 >>> 9 << 4) + 14] = r.floor(i / 4294967296), e[(n + 64 >>> 9 << 4) + 15] = i, t.sigBytes = 4 * e.length, this._process(), this._hash }, clone: function () { var t = o.clone.call(this); return t._hash = this._hash.clone(), t } }); e.SHA256 = o._createHelper(l), e.HmacSHA256 = o._createHmacHelper(l) }(Math), function () { function r(t) { return t << 8 & 4278255360 | t >>> 8 & 16711935 } var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.WordArray, o = e.enc; o.Utf16 = o.Utf16BE = { stringify: function (t) { for (var r = t.words, e = t.sigBytes, i = [], n = 0; n < e; n += 2) { var o = r[n >>> 2] >>> 16 - n % 4 * 8 & 65535; i.push(String.fromCharCode(o)) } return i.join("") }, parse: function (t) { for (var r = t.length, e = [], i = 0; i < r; i++)e[i >>> 1] |= t.charCodeAt(i) << 16 - i % 2 * 16; return n.create(e, 2 * r) } }; o.Utf16LE = { stringify: function (t) { for (var e = t.words, i = t.sigBytes, n = [], o = 0; o < i; o += 2) { var s = r(e[o >>> 2] >>> 16 - o % 4 * 8 & 65535); n.push(String.fromCharCode(s)) } return n.join("") }, parse: function (t) { for (var e = t.length, i = [], o = 0; o < e; o++)i[o >>> 1] |= r(t.charCodeAt(o) << 16 - o % 2 * 16); return n.create(i, 2 * e) } } }(), function () { if ("function" == typeof ArrayBuffer) { var r = t, e = r.lib, i = e.WordArray, n = i.init, o = i.init = function (t) { if (t instanceof ArrayBuffer && (t = new Uint8Array(t)), (t instanceof Int8Array || "undefined" != typeof Uint8ClampedArray && t instanceof Uint8ClampedArray || t instanceof Int16Array || t instanceof Uint16Array || t instanceof Int32Array || t instanceof Uint32Array || t instanceof Float32Array || t instanceof Float64Array) && (t = new Uint8Array(t.buffer, t.byteOffset, t.byteLength)), t instanceof Uint8Array) { for (var r = t.byteLength, e = [], i = 0; i < r; i++)e[i >>> 2] |= t[i] << 24 - i % 4 * 8; n.call(this, e, r) } else n.apply(this, arguments) }; o.prototype = i } }(), function (r) { function e(t, r, e) { return t ^ r ^ e } function i(t, r, e) { return t & r | ~t & e } function n(t, r, e) { return (t | ~r) ^ e } function o(t, r, e) { return t & e | r & ~e } function s(t, r, e) { return t ^ (r | ~e) } function a(t, r) { return t << r | t >>> 32 - r } var c = t, h = c.lib, l = h.WordArray, f = h.Hasher, u = c.algo, d = l.create([0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 7, 4, 13, 1, 10, 6, 15, 3, 12, 0, 9, 5, 2, 14, 11, 8, 3, 10, 14, 4, 9, 15, 8, 1, 2, 7, 0, 6, 13, 11, 5, 12, 1, 9, 11, 10, 0, 8, 12, 4, 13, 3, 7, 15, 14, 5, 6, 2, 4, 0, 5, 9, 7, 12, 2, 10, 14, 1, 3, 8, 11, 6, 15, 13]), v = l.create([5, 14, 7, 0, 9, 2, 11, 4, 13, 6, 15, 8, 1, 10, 3, 12, 6, 11, 3, 7, 0, 13, 5, 10, 14, 15, 8, 12, 4, 9, 1, 2, 15, 5, 1, 3, 7, 14, 6, 9, 11, 8, 12, 2, 10, 0, 4, 13, 8, 6, 4, 1, 3, 11, 15, 0, 5, 12, 2, 13, 9, 7, 10, 14, 12, 15, 10, 4, 1, 5, 8, 7, 6, 2, 13, 14, 0, 3, 9, 11]), p = l.create([11, 14, 15, 12, 5, 8, 7, 9, 11, 13, 14, 15, 6, 7, 9, 8, 7, 6, 8, 13, 11, 9, 7, 15, 7, 12, 15, 9, 11, 7, 13, 12, 11, 13, 6, 7, 14, 9, 13, 15, 14, 8, 13, 6, 5, 12, 7, 5, 11, 12, 14, 15, 14, 15, 9, 8, 9, 14, 5, 6, 8, 6, 5, 12, 9, 15, 5, 11, 6, 8, 13, 12, 5, 12, 13, 14, 11, 8, 5, 6]), _ = l.create([8, 9, 9, 11, 13, 15, 15, 5, 7, 7, 8, 11, 14, 14, 12, 6, 9, 13, 15, 7, 12, 8, 9, 11, 7, 7, 12, 7, 6, 15, 13, 11, 9, 7, 15, 11, 8, 6, 6, 14, 12, 13, 5, 14, 13, 13, 7, 5, 15, 5, 8, 11, 14, 14, 6, 14, 6, 9, 12, 9, 12, 5, 15, 8, 8, 5, 12, 9, 12, 5, 14, 6, 8, 13, 6, 5, 15, 13, 11, 11]), y = l.create([0, 1518500249, 1859775393, 2400959708, 2840853838]), g = l.create([1352829926, 1548603684, 1836072691, 2053994217, 0]), B = u.RIPEMD160 = f.extend({ _doReset: function () { this._hash = l.create([1732584193, 4023233417, 2562383102, 271733878, 3285377520]) }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, r) { for (var c = 0; c < 16; c++) { var h = r + c, l = t[h]; t[h] = 16711935 & (l << 8 | l >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (l << 24 | l >>> 8) } var f, u, B, w, k, S, m, x, b, H, z = this._hash.words, A = y.words, C = g.words, D = d.words, R = v.words, E = p.words, M = _.words; S = f = z[0], m = u = z[1], x = B = z[2], b = w = z[3], H = k = z[4]; for (var F, c = 0; c < 80; c += 1)F = f + t[r + D[c]] | 0, F += c < 16 ? e(u, B, w) + A[0] : c < 32 ? i(u, B, w) + A[1] : c < 48 ? n(u, B, w) + A[2] : c < 64 ? o(u, B, w) + A[3] : s(u, B, w) + A[4], F |= 0, F = a(F, E[c]), F = F + k | 0, f = k, k = w, w = a(B, 10), B = u, u = F, F = S + t[r + R[c]] | 0, F += c < 16 ? s(m, x, b) + C[0] : c < 32 ? o(m, x, b) + C[1] : c < 48 ? n(m, x, b) + C[2] : c < 64 ? i(m, x, b) + C[3] : e(m, x, b) + C[4], F |= 0, F = a(F, M[c]), F = F + H | 0, S = H, H = b, b = a(x, 10), x = m, m = F; F = z[1] + B + b | 0, z[1] = z[2] + w + H | 0, z[2] = z[3] + k + S | 0, z[3] = z[4] + f + m | 0, z[4] = z[0] + u + x | 0, z[0] = F }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = this._data, r = t.words, e = 8 * this._nDataBytes, i = 8 * t.sigBytes; r[i >>> 5] |= 128 << 24 - i % 32, r[(i + 64 >>> 9 << 4) + 14] = 16711935 & (e << 8 | e >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (e << 24 | e >>> 8), t.sigBytes = 4 * (r.length + 1), this._process(); for (var n = this._hash, o = n.words, s = 0; s < 5; s++) { var a = o[s]; o[s] = 16711935 & (a << 8 | a >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (a << 24 | a >>> 8) } return n }, clone: function () { var t = f.clone.call(this); return t._hash = this._hash.clone(), t } }); c.RIPEMD160 = f._createHelper(B), c.HmacRIPEMD160 = f._createHmacHelper(B) }(Math), function () { var r = t, e = r.lib, i = e.Base, n = r.enc, o = n.Utf8, s = r.algo; s.HMAC = i.extend({ init: function (t, r) { t = this._hasher = new t.init, "string" == typeof r && (r = o.parse(r)); var e = t.blockSize, i = 4 * e; r.sigBytes > i && (r = t.finalize(r)), r.clamp(); for (var n = this._oKey = r.clone(), s = this._iKey = r.clone(), a = n.words, c = s.words, h = 0; h < e; h++)a[h] ^= 1549556828, c[h] ^= 909522486; n.sigBytes = s.sigBytes = i, this.reset() }, reset: function () { var t = this._hasher; t.reset(), t.update(this._iKey) }, update: function (t) { return this._hasher.update(t), this }, finalize: function (t) { var r = this._hasher, e = r.finalize(t); r.reset(); var i = r.finalize(this._oKey.clone().concat(e)); return i } }) }(), function () { var r = t, e = r.lib, i = e.Base, n = e.WordArray, o = r.algo, s = o.SHA1, a = o.HMAC, c = o.PBKDF2 = i.extend({ cfg: i.extend({ keySize: 4, hasher: s, iterations: 1 }), init: function (t) { this.cfg = this.cfg.extend(t) }, compute: function (t, r) { for (var e = this.cfg, i = a.create(e.hasher, t), o = n.create(), s = n.create([1]), c = o.words, h = s.words, l = e.keySize, f = e.iterations; c.length < l;) { var u = i.update(r).finalize(s); i.reset(); for (var d = u.words, v = d.length, p = u, _ = 1; _ < f; _++) { p = i.finalize(p), i.reset(); for (var y = p.words, g = 0; g < v; g++)d[g] ^= y[g] } o.concat(u), h[0]++ } return o.sigBytes = 4 * l, o } }); r.PBKDF2 = function (t, r, e) { return c.create(e).compute(t, r) } }(), function () { var r = t, e = r.lib, i = e.Base, n = e.WordArray, o = r.algo, s = o.MD5, a = o.EvpKDF = i.extend({ cfg: i.extend({ keySize: 4, hasher: s, iterations: 1 }), init: function (t) { this.cfg = this.cfg.extend(t) }, compute: function (t, r) { for (var e = this.cfg, i = e.hasher.create(), o = n.create(), s = o.words, a = e.keySize, c = e.iterations; s.length < a;) { h && i.update(h); var h = i.update(t).finalize(r); i.reset(); for (var l = 1; l < c; l++)h = i.finalize(h), i.reset(); o.concat(h) } return o.sigBytes = 4 * a, o } }); r.EvpKDF = function (t, r, e) { return a.create(e).compute(t, r) } }(), function () { var r = t, e = r.lib, i = e.WordArray, n = r.algo, o = n.SHA256, s = n.SHA224 = o.extend({ _doReset: function () { this._hash = new i.init([3238371032, 914150663, 812702999, 4144912697, 4290775857, 1750603025, 1694076839, 3204075428]) }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = o._doFinalize.call(this); return t.sigBytes -= 4, t } }); r.SHA224 = o._createHelper(s), r.HmacSHA224 = o._createHmacHelper(s) }(), function (r) { var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.Base, o = i.WordArray, s = e.x64 = {}; s.Word = n.extend({ init: function (t, r) { this.high = t, this.low = r } }), s.WordArray = n.extend({ init: function (t, e) { t = this.words = t || [], e != r ? this.sigBytes = e : this.sigBytes = 8 * t.length }, toX32: function () { for (var t = this.words, r = t.length, e = [], i = 0; i < r; i++) { var n = t[i]; e.push(n.high), e.push(n.low) } return o.create(e, this.sigBytes) }, clone: function () { for (var t = n.clone.call(this), r = t.words = this.words.slice(0), e = r.length, i = 0; i < e; i++)r[i] = r[i].clone(); return t } }) }(), function (r) { var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.WordArray, o = i.Hasher, s = e.x64, a = s.Word, c = e.algo, h = [], l = [], f = []; !function () { for (var t = 1, r = 0, e = 0; e < 24; e++) { h[t + 5 * r] = (e + 1) * (e + 2) / 2 % 64; var i = r % 5, n = (2 * t + 3 * r) % 5; t = i, r = n } for (var t = 0; t < 5; t++)for (var r = 0; r < 5; r++)l[t + 5 * r] = r + (2 * t + 3 * r) % 5 * 5; for (var o = 1, s = 0; s < 24; s++) { for (var c = 0, u = 0, d = 0; d < 7; d++) { if (1 & o) { var v = (1 << d) - 1; v < 32 ? u ^= 1 << v : c ^= 1 << v - 32 } 128 & o ? o = o << 1 ^ 113 : o <<= 1 } f[s] = a.create(c, u) } }(); var u = []; !function () { for (var t = 0; t < 25; t++)u[t] = a.create() }(); var d = c.SHA3 = o.extend({ cfg: o.cfg.extend({ outputLength: 512 }), _doReset: function () { for (var t = this._state = [], r = 0; r < 25; r++)t[r] = new a.init; this.blockSize = (1600 - 2 * this.cfg.outputLength) / 32 }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, r) { for (var e = this._state, i = this.blockSize / 2, n = 0; n < i; n++) { var o = t[r + 2 * n], s = t[r + 2 * n + 1]; o = 16711935 & (o << 8 | o >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (o << 24 | o >>> 8), s = 16711935 & (s << 8 | s >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (s << 24 | s >>> 8); var a = e[n]; a.high ^= s, a.low ^= o } for (var c = 0; c < 24; c++) { for (var d = 0; d < 5; d++) { for (var v = 0, p = 0, _ = 0; _ < 5; _++) { var a = e[d + 5 * _]; v ^= a.high, p ^= a.low } var y = u[d]; y.high = v, y.low = p } for (var d = 0; d < 5; d++)for (var g = u[(d + 4) % 5], B = u[(d + 1) % 5], w = B.high, k = B.low, v = g.high ^ (w << 1 | k >>> 31), p = g.low ^ (k << 1 | w >>> 31), _ = 0; _ < 5; _++) { var a = e[d + 5 * _]; a.high ^= v, a.low ^= p } for (var S = 1; S < 25; S++) { var a = e[S], m = a.high, x = a.low, b = h[S]; if (b < 32) var v = m << b | x >>> 32 - b, p = x << b | m >>> 32 - b; else var v = x << b - 32 | m >>> 64 - b, p = m << b - 32 | x >>> 64 - b; var H = u[l[S]]; H.high = v, H.low = p } var z = u[0], A = e[0]; z.high = A.high, z.low = A.low; for (var d = 0; d < 5; d++)for (var _ = 0; _ < 5; _++) { var S = d + 5 * _, a = e[S], C = u[S], D = u[(d + 1) % 5 + 5 * _], R = u[(d + 2) % 5 + 5 * _]; a.high = C.high ^ ~D.high & R.high, a.low = C.low ^ ~D.low & R.low } var a = e[0], E = f[c]; a.high ^= E.high, a.low ^= E.low } }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = this._data, e = t.words, i = (8 * this._nDataBytes, 8 * t.sigBytes), o = 32 * this.blockSize; e[i >>> 5] |= 1 << 24 - i % 32, e[(r.ceil((i + 1) / o) * o >>> 5) - 1] |= 128, t.sigBytes = 4 * e.length, this._process(); for (var s = this._state, a = this.cfg.outputLength / 8, c = a / 8, h = [], l = 0; l < c; l++) { var f = s[l], u = f.high, d = f.low; u = 16711935 & (u << 8 | u >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (u << 24 | u >>> 8), d = 16711935 & (d << 8 | d >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (d << 24 | d >>> 8), h.push(d), h.push(u) } return new n.init(h, a) }, clone: function () { for (var t = o.clone.call(this), r = t._state = this._state.slice(0), e = 0; e < 25; e++)r[e] = r[e].clone(); return t } }); e.SHA3 = o._createHelper(d), e.HmacSHA3 = o._createHmacHelper(d) }(Math), function () { function r() { return s.create.apply(s, arguments) } var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.Hasher, o = e.x64, s = o.Word, a = o.WordArray, c = e.algo, h = [r(1116352408, 3609767458), r(1899447441, 602891725), r(3049323471, 3964484399), r(3921009573, 2173295548), r(961987163, 4081628472), r(1508970993, 3053834265), r(2453635748, 2937671579), r(2870763221, 3664609560), r(3624381080, 2734883394), r(310598401, 1164996542), r(607225278, 1323610764), r(1426881987, 3590304994), r(1925078388, 4068182383), r(2162078206, 991336113), r(2614888103, 633803317), r(3248222580, 3479774868), r(3835390401, 2666613458), r(4022224774, 944711139), r(264347078, 2341262773), r(604807628, 2007800933), r(770255983, 1495990901), r(1249150122, 1856431235), r(1555081692, 3175218132), r(1996064986, 2198950837), r(2554220882, 3999719339), r(2821834349, 766784016), r(2952996808, 2566594879), r(3210313671, 3203337956), r(3336571891, 1034457026), r(3584528711, 2466948901), r(113926993, 3758326383), r(338241895, 168717936), r(666307205, 1188179964), r(773529912, 1546045734), r(1294757372, 1522805485), r(1396182291, 2643833823), r(1695183700, 2343527390), r(1986661051, 1014477480), r(2177026350, 1206759142), r(2456956037, 344077627), r(2730485921, 1290863460), r(2820302411, 3158454273), r(3259730800, 3505952657), r(3345764771, 106217008), r(3516065817, 3606008344), r(3600352804, 1432725776), r(4094571909, 1467031594), r(275423344, 851169720), r(430227734, 3100823752), r(506948616, 1363258195), r(659060556, 3750685593), r(883997877, 3785050280), r(958139571, 3318307427), r(1322822218, 3812723403), r(1537002063, 2003034995), r(1747873779, 3602036899), r(1955562222, 1575990012), r(2024104815, 1125592928), r(2227730452, 2716904306), r(2361852424, 442776044), r(2428436474, 593698344), r(2756734187, 3733110249), r(3204031479, 2999351573), r(3329325298, 3815920427), r(3391569614, 3928383900), r(3515267271, 566280711), r(3940187606, 3454069534), r(4118630271, 4000239992), r(116418474, 1914138554), r(174292421, 2731055270), r(289380356, 3203993006), r(460393269, 320620315), r(685471733, 587496836), r(852142971, 1086792851), r(1017036298, 365543100), r(1126000580, 2618297676), r(1288033470, 3409855158), r(1501505948, 4234509866), r(1607167915, 987167468), r(1816402316, 1246189591)], l = []; !function () { for (var t = 0; t < 80; t++)l[t] = r() }(); var f = c.SHA512 = n.extend({ _doReset: function () { this._hash = new a.init([new s.init(1779033703, 4089235720), new s.init(3144134277, 2227873595), new s.init(1013904242, 4271175723), new s.init(2773480762, 1595750129), new s.init(1359893119, 2917565137), new s.init(2600822924, 725511199), new s.init(528734635, 4215389547), new s.init(1541459225, 327033209)]) }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, r) { for (var e = this._hash.words, i = e[0], n = e[1], o = e[2], s = e[3], a = e[4], c = e[5], f = e[6], u = e[7], d = i.high, v = i.low, p = n.high, _ = n.low, y = o.high, g = o.low, B = s.high, w = s.low, k = a.high, S = a.low, m = c.high, x = c.low, b = f.high, H = f.low, z = u.high, A = u.low, C = d, D = v, R = p, E = _, M = y, F = g, P = B, W = w, O = k, U = S, I = m, K = x, X = b, L = H, j = z, N = A, T = 0; T < 80; T++) { var Z = l[T]; if (T < 16) var q = Z.high = 0 | t[r + 2 * T], G = Z.low = 0 | t[r + 2 * T + 1]; else { var J = l[T - 15], $ = J.high, Q = J.low, V = ($ >>> 1 | Q << 31) ^ ($ >>> 8 | Q << 24) ^ $ >>> 7, Y = (Q >>> 1 | $ << 31) ^ (Q >>> 8 | $ << 24) ^ (Q >>> 7 | $ << 25), tt = l[T - 2], rt = tt.high, et = tt.low, it = (rt >>> 19 | et << 13) ^ (rt << 3 | et >>> 29) ^ rt >>> 6, nt = (et >>> 19 | rt << 13) ^ (et << 3 | rt >>> 29) ^ (et >>> 6 | rt << 26), ot = l[T - 7], st = ot.high, at = ot.low, ct = l[T - 16], ht = ct.high, lt = ct.low, G = Y + at, q = V + st + (G >>> 0 < Y >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), G = G + nt, q = q + it + (G >>> 0 < nt >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), G = G + lt, q = q + ht + (G >>> 0 < lt >>> 0 ? 1 : 0); Z.high = q, Z.low = G } var ft = O & I ^ ~O & X, ut = U & K ^ ~U & L, dt = C & R ^ C & M ^ R & M, vt = D & E ^ D & F ^ E & F, pt = (C >>> 28 | D << 4) ^ (C << 30 | D >>> 2) ^ (C << 25 | D >>> 7), _t = (D >>> 28 | C << 4) ^ (D << 30 | C >>> 2) ^ (D << 25 | C >>> 7), yt = (O >>> 14 | U << 18) ^ (O >>> 18 | U << 14) ^ (O << 23 | U >>> 9), gt = (U >>> 14 | O << 18) ^ (U >>> 18 | O << 14) ^ (U << 23 | O >>> 9), Bt = h[T], wt = Bt.high, kt = Bt.low, St = N + gt, mt = j + yt + (St >>> 0 < N >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), St = St + ut, mt = mt + ft + (St >>> 0 < ut >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), St = St + kt, mt = mt + wt + (St >>> 0 < kt >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), St = St + G, mt = mt + q + (St >>> 0 < G >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), xt = _t + vt, bt = pt + dt + (xt >>> 0 < _t >>> 0 ? 1 : 0); j = X, N = L, X = I, L = K, I = O, K = U, U = W + St | 0, O = P + mt + (U >>> 0 < W >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, P = M, W = F, M = R, F = E, R = C, E = D, D = St + xt | 0, C = mt + bt + (D >>> 0 < St >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0 } v = i.low = v + D, i.high = d + C + (v >>> 0 < D >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), _ = n.low = _ + E, n.high = p + R + (_ >>> 0 < E >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), g = o.low = g + F, o.high = y + M + (g >>> 0 < F >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), w = s.low = w + W, s.high = B + P + (w >>> 0 < W >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), S = a.low = S + U, a.high = k + O + (S >>> 0 < U >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), x = c.low = x + K, c.high = m + I + (x >>> 0 < K >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), H = f.low = H + L, f.high = b + X + (H >>> 0 < L >>> 0 ? 1 : 0), A = u.low = A + N, u.high = z + j + (A >>> 0 < N >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = this._data, r = t.words, e = 8 * this._nDataBytes, i = 8 * t.sigBytes; r[i >>> 5] |= 128 << 24 - i % 32, r[(i + 128 >>> 10 << 5) + 30] = Math.floor(e / 4294967296), r[(i + 128 >>> 10 << 5) + 31] = e, t.sigBytes = 4 * r.length, this._process(); var n = this._hash.toX32(); return n }, clone: function () { var t = n.clone.call(this); return t._hash = this._hash.clone(), t }, blockSize: 32 }); e.SHA512 = n._createHelper(f), e.HmacSHA512 = n._createHmacHelper(f) }(), function () { var r = t, e = r.x64, i = e.Word, n = e.WordArray, o = r.algo, s = o.SHA512, a = o.SHA384 = s.extend({ _doReset: function () { this._hash = new n.init([new i.init(3418070365, 3238371032), new i.init(1654270250, 914150663), new i.init(2438529370, 812702999), new i.init(355462360, 4144912697), new i.init(1731405415, 4290775857), new i.init(2394180231, 1750603025), new i.init(3675008525, 1694076839), new i.init(1203062813, 3204075428)]) }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = s._doFinalize.call(this); return t.sigBytes -= 16, t } }); r.SHA384 = s._createHelper(a), r.HmacSHA384 = s._createHmacHelper(a) }(), t.lib.Cipher || function (r) { var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.Base, o = i.WordArray, s = i.BufferedBlockAlgorithm, a = e.enc, c = (a.Utf8, a.Base64), h = e.algo, l = h.EvpKDF, f = i.Cipher = s.extend({ cfg: n.extend(), createEncryptor: function (t, r) { return this.create(this._ENC_XFORM_MODE, t, r) }, createDecryptor: function (t, r) { return this.create(this._DEC_XFORM_MODE, t, r) }, init: function (t, r, e) { this.cfg = this.cfg.extend(e), this._xformMode = t, this._key = r, this.reset() }, reset: function () { s.reset.call(this), this._doReset() }, process: function (t) { return this._append(t), this._process() }, finalize: function (t) { t && this._append(t); var r = this._doFinalize(); return r }, keySize: 4, ivSize: 4, _ENC_XFORM_MODE: 1, _DEC_XFORM_MODE: 2, _createHelper: function () { function t(t) { return "string" == typeof t ? m : w } return function (r) { return { encrypt: function (e, i, n) { return t(i).encrypt(r, e, i, n) }, decrypt: function (e, i, n) { return t(i).decrypt(r, e, i, n) } } } }() }), u = (i.StreamCipher = f.extend({ _doFinalize: function () { var t = this._process(!0); return t }, blockSize: 1 }), e.mode = {}), d = i.BlockCipherMode = n.extend({ createEncryptor: function (t, r) { return this.Encryptor.create(t, r) }, createDecryptor: function (t, r) { return this.Decryptor.create(t, r) }, init: function (t, r) { this._cipher = t, this._iv = r } }), v = u.CBC = function () { function t(t, e, i) { var n = this._iv; if (n) { var o = n; this._iv = r } else var o = this._prevBlock; for (var s = 0; s < i; s++)t[e + s] ^= o[s] } var e = d.extend(); return e.Encryptor = e.extend({ processBlock: function (r, e) { var i = this._cipher, n = i.blockSize; t.call(this, r, e, n), i.encryptBlock(r, e), this._prevBlock = r.slice(e, e + n) } }), e.Decryptor = e.extend({ processBlock: function (r, e) { var i = this._cipher, n = i.blockSize, o = r.slice(e, e + n); i.decryptBlock(r, e), t.call(this, r, e, n), this._prevBlock = o } }), e }(), p = e.pad = {}, _ = p.Pkcs7 = { pad: function (t, r) { for (var e = 4 * r, i = e - t.sigBytes % e, n = i << 24 | i << 16 | i << 8 | i, s = [], a = 0; a < i; a += 4)s.push(n); var c = o.create(s, i); t.concat(c) }, unpad: function (t) { var r = 255 & t.words[t.sigBytes - 1 >>> 2]; t.sigBytes -= r } }, y = (i.BlockCipher = f.extend({ cfg: f.cfg.extend({ mode: v, padding: _ }), reset: function () { f.reset.call(this); var t = this.cfg, r = t.iv, e = t.mode; if (this._xformMode == this._ENC_XFORM_MODE) var i = e.createEncryptor; else { var i = e.createDecryptor; this._minBufferSize = 1 } this._mode && this._mode.__creator == i ? this._mode.init(this, r && r.words) : (this._mode = i.call(e, this, r && r.words), this._mode.__creator = i) }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, r) { this._mode.processBlock(t, r) }, _doFinalize: function () { var t = this.cfg.padding; if (this._xformMode == this._ENC_XFORM_MODE) { t.pad(this._data, this.blockSize); var r = this._process(!0) } else { var r = this._process(!0); t.unpad(r) } return r }, blockSize: 4 }), i.CipherParams = n.extend({ init: function (t) { this.mixIn(t) }, toString: function (t) { return (t || this.formatter).stringify(this) } })), g = e.format = {}, B = g.OpenSSL = { stringify: function (t) { var r = t.ciphertext, e = t.salt; if (e) var i = o.create([1398893684, 1701076831]).concat(e).concat(r); else var i = r; return i.toString(c) }, parse: function (t) { var r = c.parse(t), e = r.words; if (1398893684 == e[0] && 1701076831 == e[1]) { var i = o.create(e.slice(2, 4)); e.splice(0, 4), r.sigBytes -= 16 } return y.create({ ciphertext: r, salt: i }) } }, w = i.SerializableCipher = n.extend({ cfg: n.extend({ format: B }), encrypt: function (t, r, e, i) { i = this.cfg.extend(i); var n = t.createEncryptor(e, i), o = n.finalize(r), s = n.cfg; return y.create({ ciphertext: o, key: e, iv: s.iv, algorithm: t, mode: s.mode, padding: s.padding, blockSize: t.blockSize, formatter: i.format }) }, decrypt: function (t, r, e, i) { i = this.cfg.extend(i), r = this._parse(r, i.format); var n = t.createDecryptor(e, i).finalize(r.ciphertext); return n }, _parse: function (t, r) { return "string" == typeof t ? r.parse(t, this) : t } }), k = e.kdf = {}, S = k.OpenSSL = { execute: function (t, r, e, i) { i || (i = o.random(8)); var n = l.create({ keySize: r + e }).compute(t, i), s = o.create(n.words.slice(r), 4 * e); return n.sigBytes = 4 * r, y.create({ key: n, iv: s, salt: i }) } }, m = i.PasswordBasedCipher = w.extend({ cfg: w.cfg.extend({ kdf: S }), encrypt: function (t, r, e, i) { i = this.cfg.extend(i); var n = i.kdf.execute(e, t.keySize, t.ivSize); i.iv = n.iv; var o = w.encrypt.call(this, t, r, n.key, i); return o.mixIn(n), o }, decrypt: function (t, r, e, i) { i = this.cfg.extend(i), r = this._parse(r, i.format); var n = i.kdf.execute(e, t.keySize, t.ivSize, r.salt); i.iv = n.iv; var o = w.decrypt.call(this, t, r, n.key, i); return o } }) }(), t.mode.CFB = function () { function r(t, r, e, i) { var n = this._iv; if (n) { var o = n.slice(0); this._iv = void 0 } else var o = this._prevBlock; i.encryptBlock(o, 0); for (var s = 0; s < e; s++)t[r + s] ^= o[s] } var e = t.lib.BlockCipherMode.extend(); return e.Encryptor = e.extend({ processBlock: function (t, e) { var i = this._cipher, n = i.blockSize; r.call(this, t, e, n, i), this._prevBlock = t.slice(e, e + n) } }), e.Decryptor = e.extend({ processBlock: function (t, e) { var i = this._cipher, n = i.blockSize, o = t.slice(e, e + n); r.call(this, t, e, n, i), this._prevBlock = o } }), e }(), t.mode.ECB = function () { var r = t.lib.BlockCipherMode.extend(); return r.Encryptor = r.extend({ processBlock: function (t, r) { this._cipher.encryptBlock(t, r) } }), r.Decryptor = r.extend({ processBlock: function (t, r) { this._cipher.decryptBlock(t, r) } }), r }(), t.pad.AnsiX923 = { pad: function (t, r) { var e = t.sigBytes, i = 4 * r, n = i - e % i, o = e + n - 1; t.clamp(), t.words[o >>> 2] |= n << 24 - o % 4 * 8, t.sigBytes += n }, unpad: function (t) { var r = 255 & t.words[t.sigBytes - 1 >>> 2]; t.sigBytes -= r } }, t.pad.Iso10126 = { pad: function (r, e) { var i = 4 * e, n = i - r.sigBytes % i; r.concat(t.lib.WordArray.random(n - 1)).concat(t.lib.WordArray.create([n << 24], 1)) }, unpad: function (t) { var r = 255 & t.words[t.sigBytes - 1 >>> 2]; t.sigBytes -= r } }, t.pad.Iso97971 = { pad: function (r, e) { r.concat(t.lib.WordArray.create([2147483648], 1)), t.pad.ZeroPadding.pad(r, e) }, unpad: function (r) { t.pad.ZeroPadding.unpad(r), r.sigBytes-- } }, t.mode.OFB = function () { var r = t.lib.BlockCipherMode.extend(), e = r.Encryptor = r.extend({ processBlock: function (t, r) { var e = this._cipher, i = e.blockSize, n = this._iv, o = this._keystream; n && (o = this._keystream = n.slice(0), this._iv = void 0), e.encryptBlock(o, 0); for (var s = 0; s < i; s++)t[r + s] ^= o[s] } }); return r.Decryptor = e, r }(), t.pad.NoPadding = { pad: function () { }, unpad: function () { } }, function (r) { var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.CipherParams, o = e.enc, s = o.Hex, a = e.format; a.Hex = { stringify: function (t) { return t.ciphertext.toString(s) }, parse: function (t) { var r = s.parse(t); return n.create({ ciphertext: r }) } } }(), function () { var r = t, e = r.lib, i = e.BlockCipher, n = r.algo, o = [], s = [], a = [], c = [], h = [], l = [], f = [], u = [], d = [], v = []; !function () { for (var t = [], r = 0; r < 256; r++)r < 128 ? t[r] = r << 1 : t[r] = r << 1 ^ 283; for (var e = 0, i = 0, r = 0; r < 256; r++) { var n = i ^ i << 1 ^ i << 2 ^ i << 3 ^ i << 4; n = n >>> 8 ^ 255 & n ^ 99, o[e] = n, s[n] = e; var p = t[e], _ = t[p], y = t[_], g = 257 * t[n] ^ 16843008 * n; a[e] = g << 24 | g >>> 8, c[e] = g << 16 | g >>> 16, h[e] = g << 8 | g >>> 24, l[e] = g; var g = 16843009 * y ^ 65537 * _ ^ 257 * p ^ 16843008 * e; f[n] = g << 24 | g >>> 8, u[n] = g << 16 | g >>> 16, d[n] = g << 8 | g >>> 24, v[n] = g, e ? (e = p ^ t[t[t[y ^ p]]], i ^= t[t[i]]) : e = i = 1 } }(); var p = [0, 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 27, 54], _ = n.AES = i.extend({ _doReset: function () { if (!this._nRounds || this._keyPriorReset !== this._key) { for (var t = this._keyPriorReset = this._key, r = t.words, e = t.sigBytes / 4, i = this._nRounds = e + 6, n = 4 * (i + 1), s = this._keySchedule = [], a = 0; a < n; a++)if (a < e) s[a] = r[a]; else { var c = s[a - 1]; a % e ? e > 6 && a % e == 4 && (c = o[c >>> 24] << 24 | o[c >>> 16 & 255] << 16 | o[c >>> 8 & 255] << 8 | o[255 & c]) : (c = c << 8 | c >>> 24, c = o[c >>> 24] << 24 | o[c >>> 16 & 255] << 16 | o[c >>> 8 & 255] << 8 | o[255 & c], c ^= p[a / e | 0] << 24), s[a] = s[a - e] ^ c } for (var h = this._invKeySchedule = [], l = 0; l < n; l++) { var a = n - l; if (l % 4) var c = s[a]; else var c = s[a - 4]; l < 4 || a <= 4 ? h[l] = c : h[l] = f[o[c >>> 24]] ^ u[o[c >>> 16 & 255]] ^ d[o[c >>> 8 & 255]] ^ v[o[255 & c]] } } }, encryptBlock: function (t, r) { this._doCryptBlock(t, r, this._keySchedule, a, c, h, l, o) }, decryptBlock: function (t, r) { var e = t[r + 1]; t[r + 1] = t[r + 3], t[r + 3] = e, this._doCryptBlock(t, r, this._invKeySchedule, f, u, d, v, s); var e = t[r + 1]; t[r + 1] = t[r + 3], t[r + 3] = e }, _doCryptBlock: function (t, r, e, i, n, o, s, a) { for (var c = this._nRounds, h = t[r] ^ e[0], l = t[r + 1] ^ e[1], f = t[r + 2] ^ e[2], u = t[r + 3] ^ e[3], d = 4, v = 1; v < c; v++) { var p = i[h >>> 24] ^ n[l >>> 16 & 255] ^ o[f >>> 8 & 255] ^ s[255 & u] ^ e[d++], _ = i[l >>> 24] ^ n[f >>> 16 & 255] ^ o[u >>> 8 & 255] ^ s[255 & h] ^ e[d++], y = i[f >>> 24] ^ n[u >>> 16 & 255] ^ o[h >>> 8 & 255] ^ s[255 & l] ^ e[d++], g = i[u >>> 24] ^ n[h >>> 16 & 255] ^ o[l >>> 8 & 255] ^ s[255 & f] ^ e[d++]; h = p, l = _, f = y, u = g } var p = (a[h >>> 24] << 24 | a[l >>> 16 & 255] << 16 | a[f >>> 8 & 255] << 8 | a[255 & u]) ^ e[d++], _ = (a[l >>> 24] << 24 | a[f >>> 16 & 255] << 16 | a[u >>> 8 & 255] << 8 | a[255 & h]) ^ e[d++], y = (a[f >>> 24] << 24 | a[u >>> 16 & 255] << 16 | a[h >>> 8 & 255] << 8 | a[255 & l]) ^ e[d++], g = (a[u >>> 24] << 24 | a[h >>> 16 & 255] << 16 | a[l >>> 8 & 255] << 8 | a[255 & f]) ^ e[d++]; t[r] = p, t[r + 1] = _, t[r + 2] = y, t[r + 3] = g }, keySize: 8 }); r.AES = i._createHelper(_) }(), function () {
    function r(t, r) { var e = (this._lBlock >>> t ^ this._rBlock) & r; this._rBlock ^= e, this._lBlock ^= e << t } function e(t, r) {
      var e = (this._rBlock >>> t ^ this._lBlock) & r; this._lBlock ^= e, this._rBlock ^= e << t;
    } var i = t, n = i.lib, o = n.WordArray, s = n.BlockCipher, a = i.algo, c = [57, 49, 41, 33, 25, 17, 9, 1, 58, 50, 42, 34, 26, 18, 10, 2, 59, 51, 43, 35, 27, 19, 11, 3, 60, 52, 44, 36, 63, 55, 47, 39, 31, 23, 15, 7, 62, 54, 46, 38, 30, 22, 14, 6, 61, 53, 45, 37, 29, 21, 13, 5, 28, 20, 12, 4], h = [14, 17, 11, 24, 1, 5, 3, 28, 15, 6, 21, 10, 23, 19, 12, 4, 26, 8, 16, 7, 27, 20, 13, 2, 41, 52, 31, 37, 47, 55, 30, 40, 51, 45, 33, 48, 44, 49, 39, 56, 34, 53, 46, 42, 50, 36, 29, 32], l = [1, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 14, 15, 17, 19, 21, 23, 25, 27, 28], f = [{ 0: 8421888, 268435456: 32768, 536870912: 8421378, 805306368: 2, 1073741824: 512, 1342177280: 8421890, 1610612736: 8389122, 1879048192: 8388608, 2147483648: 514, 2415919104: 8389120, 2684354560: 33280, 2952790016: 8421376, 3221225472: 32770, 3489660928: 8388610, 3758096384: 0, 4026531840: 33282, 134217728: 0, 402653184: 8421890, 671088640: 33282, 939524096: 32768, 1207959552: 8421888, 1476395008: 512, 1744830464: 8421378, 2013265920: 2, 2281701376: 8389120, 2550136832: 33280, 2818572288: 8421376, 3087007744: 8389122, 3355443200: 8388610, 3623878656: 32770, 3892314112: 514, 4160749568: 8388608, 1: 32768, 268435457: 2, 536870913: 8421888, 805306369: 8388608, 1073741825: 8421378, 1342177281: 33280, 1610612737: 512, 1879048193: 8389122, 2147483649: 8421890, 2415919105: 8421376, 2684354561: 8388610, 2952790017: 33282, 3221225473: 514, 3489660929: 8389120, 3758096385: 32770, 4026531841: 0, 134217729: 8421890, 402653185: 8421376, 671088641: 8388608, 939524097: 512, 1207959553: 32768, 1476395009: 8388610, 1744830465: 2, 2013265921: 33282, 2281701377: 32770, 2550136833: 8389122, 2818572289: 514, 3087007745: 8421888, 3355443201: 8389120, 3623878657: 0, 3892314113: 33280, 4160749569: 8421378 }, { 0: 1074282512, 16777216: 16384, 33554432: 524288, 50331648: 1074266128, 67108864: 1073741840, 83886080: 1074282496, 100663296: 1073758208, 117440512: 16, 134217728: 540672, 150994944: 1073758224, 167772160: 1073741824, 184549376: 540688, 201326592: 524304, 218103808: 0, 234881024: 16400, 251658240: 1074266112, 8388608: 1073758208, 25165824: 540688, 41943040: 16, 58720256: 1073758224, 75497472: 1074282512, 92274688: 1073741824, 109051904: 524288, 125829120: 1074266128, 142606336: 524304, 159383552: 0, 176160768: 16384, 192937984: 1074266112, 209715200: 1073741840, 226492416: 540672, 243269632: 1074282496, 260046848: 16400, 268435456: 0, 285212672: 1074266128, 301989888: 1073758224, 318767104: 1074282496, 335544320: 1074266112, 352321536: 16, 369098752: 540688, 385875968: 16384, 402653184: 16400, 419430400: 524288, 436207616: 524304, 452984832: 1073741840, 469762048: 540672, 486539264: 1073758208, 503316480: 1073741824, 520093696: 1074282512, 276824064: 540688, 293601280: 524288, 310378496: 1074266112, 327155712: 16384, 343932928: 1073758208, 360710144: 1074282512, 377487360: 16, 394264576: 1073741824, 411041792: 1074282496, 427819008: 1073741840, 444596224: 1073758224, 461373440: 524304, 478150656: 0, 494927872: 16400, 511705088: 1074266128, 528482304: 540672 }, { 0: 260, 1048576: 0, 2097152: 67109120, 3145728: 65796, 4194304: 65540, 5242880: 67108868, 6291456: 67174660, 7340032: 67174400, 8388608: 67108864, 9437184: 67174656, 10485760: 65792, 11534336: 67174404, 12582912: 67109124, 13631488: 65536, 14680064: 4, 15728640: 256, 524288: 67174656, 1572864: 67174404, 2621440: 0, 3670016: 67109120, 4718592: 67108868, 5767168: 65536, 6815744: 65540, 7864320: 260, 8912896: 4, 9961472: 256, 11010048: 67174400, 12058624: 65796, 13107200: 65792, 14155776: 67109124, 15204352: 67174660, 16252928: 67108864, 16777216: 67174656, 17825792: 65540, 18874368: 65536, 19922944: 67109120, 20971520: 256, 22020096: 67174660, 23068672: 67108868, 24117248: 0, 25165824: 67109124, 26214400: 67108864, 27262976: 4, 28311552: 65792, 29360128: 67174400, 30408704: 260, 31457280: 65796, 32505856: 67174404, 17301504: 67108864, 18350080: 260, 19398656: 67174656, 20447232: 0, 21495808: 65540, 22544384: 67109120, 23592960: 256, 24641536: 67174404, 25690112: 65536, 26738688: 67174660, 27787264: 65796, 28835840: 67108868, 29884416: 67109124, 30932992: 67174400, 31981568: 4, 33030144: 65792 }, { 0: 2151682048, 65536: 2147487808, 131072: 4198464, 196608: 2151677952, 262144: 0, 327680: 4198400, 393216: 2147483712, 458752: 4194368, 524288: 2147483648, 589824: 4194304, 655360: 64, 720896: 2147487744, 786432: 2151678016, 851968: 4160, 917504: 4096, 983040: 2151682112, 32768: 2147487808, 98304: 64, 163840: 2151678016, 229376: 2147487744, 294912: 4198400, 360448: 2151682112, 425984: 0, 491520: 2151677952, 557056: 4096, 622592: 2151682048, 688128: 4194304, 753664: 4160, 819200: 2147483648, 884736: 4194368, 950272: 4198464, 1015808: 2147483712, 1048576: 4194368, 1114112: 4198400, 1179648: 2147483712, 1245184: 0, 1310720: 4160, 1376256: 2151678016, 1441792: 2151682048, 1507328: 2147487808, 1572864: 2151682112, 1638400: 2147483648, 1703936: 2151677952, 1769472: 4198464, 1835008: 2147487744, 1900544: 4194304, 1966080: 64, 2031616: 4096, 1081344: 2151677952, 1146880: 2151682112, 1212416: 0, 1277952: 4198400, 1343488: 4194368, 1409024: 2147483648, 1474560: 2147487808, 1540096: 64, 1605632: 2147483712, 1671168: 4096, 1736704: 2147487744, 1802240: 2151678016, 1867776: 4160, 1933312: 2151682048, 1998848: 4194304, 2064384: 4198464 }, { 0: 128, 4096: 17039360, 8192: 262144, 12288: 536870912, 16384: 537133184, 20480: 16777344, 24576: 553648256, 28672: 262272, 32768: 16777216, 36864: 537133056, 40960: 536871040, 45056: 553910400, 49152: 553910272, 53248: 0, 57344: 17039488, 61440: 553648128, 2048: 17039488, 6144: 553648256, 10240: 128, 14336: 17039360, 18432: 262144, 22528: 537133184, 26624: 553910272, 30720: 536870912, 34816: 537133056, 38912: 0, 43008: 553910400, 47104: 16777344, 51200: 536871040, 55296: 553648128, 59392: 16777216, 63488: 262272, 65536: 262144, 69632: 128, 73728: 536870912, 77824: 553648256, 81920: 16777344, 86016: 553910272, 90112: 537133184, 94208: 16777216, 98304: 553910400, 102400: 553648128, 106496: 17039360, 110592: 537133056, 114688: 262272, 118784: 536871040, 122880: 0, 126976: 17039488, 67584: 553648256, 71680: 16777216, 75776: 17039360, 79872: 537133184, 83968: 536870912, 88064: 17039488, 92160: 128, 96256: 553910272, 100352: 262272, 104448: 553910400, 108544: 0, 112640: 553648128, 116736: 16777344, 120832: 262144, 124928: 537133056, 129024: 536871040 }, { 0: 268435464, 256: 8192, 512: 270532608, 768: 270540808, 1024: 268443648, 1280: 2097152, 1536: 2097160, 1792: 268435456, 2048: 0, 2304: 268443656, 2560: 2105344, 2816: 8, 3072: 270532616, 3328: 2105352, 3584: 8200, 3840: 270540800, 128: 270532608, 384: 270540808, 640: 8, 896: 2097152, 1152: 2105352, 1408: 268435464, 1664: 268443648, 1920: 8200, 2176: 2097160, 2432: 8192, 2688: 268443656, 2944: 270532616, 3200: 0, 3456: 270540800, 3712: 2105344, 3968: 268435456, 4096: 268443648, 4352: 270532616, 4608: 270540808, 4864: 8200, 5120: 2097152, 5376: 268435456, 5632: 268435464, 5888: 2105344, 6144: 2105352, 6400: 0, 6656: 8, 6912: 270532608, 7168: 8192, 7424: 268443656, 7680: 270540800, 7936: 2097160, 4224: 8, 4480: 2105344, 4736: 2097152, 4992: 268435464, 5248: 268443648, 5504: 8200, 5760: 270540808, 6016: 270532608, 6272: 270540800, 6528: 270532616, 6784: 8192, 7040: 2105352, 7296: 2097160, 7552: 0, 7808: 268435456, 8064: 268443656 }, { 0: 1048576, 16: 33555457, 32: 1024, 48: 1049601, 64: 34604033, 80: 0, 96: 1, 112: 34603009, 128: 33555456, 144: 1048577, 160: 33554433, 176: 34604032, 192: 34603008, 208: 1025, 224: 1049600, 240: 33554432, 8: 34603009, 24: 0, 40: 33555457, 56: 34604032, 72: 1048576, 88: 33554433, 104: 33554432, 120: 1025, 136: 1049601, 152: 33555456, 168: 34603008, 184: 1048577, 200: 1024, 216: 34604033, 232: 1, 248: 1049600, 256: 33554432, 272: 1048576, 288: 33555457, 304: 34603009, 320: 1048577, 336: 33555456, 352: 34604032, 368: 1049601, 384: 1025, 400: 34604033, 416: 1049600, 432: 1, 448: 0, 464: 34603008, 480: 33554433, 496: 1024, 264: 1049600, 280: 33555457, 296: 34603009, 312: 1, 328: 33554432, 344: 1048576, 360: 1025, 376: 34604032, 392: 33554433, 408: 34603008, 424: 0, 440: 34604033, 456: 1049601, 472: 1024, 488: 33555456, 504: 1048577 }, { 0: 134219808, 1: 131072, 2: 134217728, 3: 32, 4: 131104, 5: 134350880, 6: 134350848, 7: 2048, 8: 134348800, 9: 134219776, 10: 133120, 11: 134348832, 12: 2080, 13: 0, 14: 134217760, 15: 133152, 2147483648: 2048, 2147483649: 134350880, 2147483650: 134219808, 2147483651: 134217728, 2147483652: 134348800, 2147483653: 133120, 2147483654: 133152, 2147483655: 32, 2147483656: 134217760, 2147483657: 2080, 2147483658: 131104, 2147483659: 134350848, 2147483660: 0, 2147483661: 134348832, 2147483662: 134219776, 2147483663: 131072, 16: 133152, 17: 134350848, 18: 32, 19: 2048, 20: 134219776, 21: 134217760, 22: 134348832, 23: 131072, 24: 0, 25: 131104, 26: 134348800, 27: 134219808, 28: 134350880, 29: 133120, 30: 2080, 31: 134217728, 2147483664: 131072, 2147483665: 2048, 2147483666: 134348832, 2147483667: 133152, 2147483668: 32, 2147483669: 134348800, 2147483670: 134217728, 2147483671: 134219808, 2147483672: 134350880, 2147483673: 134217760, 2147483674: 134219776, 2147483675: 0, 2147483676: 133120, 2147483677: 2080, 2147483678: 131104, 2147483679: 134350848 }], u = [4160749569, 528482304, 33030144, 2064384, 129024, 8064, 504, 2147483679], d = a.DES = s.extend({ _doReset: function () { for (var t = this._key, r = t.words, e = [], i = 0; i < 56; i++) { var n = c[i] - 1; e[i] = r[n >>> 5] >>> 31 - n % 32 & 1 } for (var o = this._subKeys = [], s = 0; s < 16; s++) { for (var a = o[s] = [], f = l[s], i = 0; i < 24; i++)a[i / 6 | 0] |= e[(h[i] - 1 + f) % 28] << 31 - i % 6, a[4 + (i / 6 | 0)] |= e[28 + (h[i + 24] - 1 + f) % 28] << 31 - i % 6; a[0] = a[0] << 1 | a[0] >>> 31; for (var i = 1; i < 7; i++)a[i] = a[i] >>> 4 * (i - 1) + 3; a[7] = a[7] << 5 | a[7] >>> 27 } for (var u = this._invSubKeys = [], i = 0; i < 16; i++)u[i] = o[15 - i] }, encryptBlock: function (t, r) { this._doCryptBlock(t, r, this._subKeys) }, decryptBlock: function (t, r) { this._doCryptBlock(t, r, this._invSubKeys) }, _doCryptBlock: function (t, i, n) { this._lBlock = t[i], this._rBlock = t[i + 1], r.call(this, 4, 252645135), r.call(this, 16, 65535), e.call(this, 2, 858993459), e.call(this, 8, 16711935), r.call(this, 1, 1431655765); for (var o = 0; o < 16; o++) { for (var s = n[o], a = this._lBlock, c = this._rBlock, h = 0, l = 0; l < 8; l++)h |= f[l][((c ^ s[l]) & u[l]) >>> 0]; this._lBlock = c, this._rBlock = a ^ h } var d = this._lBlock; this._lBlock = this._rBlock, this._rBlock = d, r.call(this, 1, 1431655765), e.call(this, 8, 16711935), e.call(this, 2, 858993459), r.call(this, 16, 65535), r.call(this, 4, 252645135), t[i] = this._lBlock, t[i + 1] = this._rBlock }, keySize: 2, ivSize: 2, blockSize: 2 }); i.DES = s._createHelper(d); var v = a.TripleDES = s.extend({ _doReset: function () { var t = this._key, r = t.words; this._des1 = d.createEncryptor(o.create(r.slice(0, 2))), this._des2 = d.createEncryptor(o.create(r.slice(2, 4))), this._des3 = d.createEncryptor(o.create(r.slice(4, 6))) }, encryptBlock: function (t, r) { this._des1.encryptBlock(t, r), this._des2.decryptBlock(t, r), this._des3.encryptBlock(t, r) }, decryptBlock: function (t, r) { this._des3.decryptBlock(t, r), this._des2.encryptBlock(t, r), this._des1.decryptBlock(t, r) }, keySize: 6, ivSize: 2, blockSize: 2 }); i.TripleDES = s._createHelper(v)
  }(), function () { function r() { for (var t = this._S, r = this._i, e = this._j, i = 0, n = 0; n < 4; n++) { r = (r + 1) % 256, e = (e + t[r]) % 256; var o = t[r]; t[r] = t[e], t[e] = o, i |= t[(t[r] + t[e]) % 256] << 24 - 8 * n } return this._i = r, this._j = e, i } var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.StreamCipher, o = e.algo, s = o.RC4 = n.extend({ _doReset: function () { for (var t = this._key, r = t.words, e = t.sigBytes, i = this._S = [], n = 0; n < 256; n++)i[n] = n; for (var n = 0, o = 0; n < 256; n++) { var s = n % e, a = r[s >>> 2] >>> 24 - s % 4 * 8 & 255; o = (o + i[n] + a) % 256; var c = i[n]; i[n] = i[o], i[o] = c } this._i = this._j = 0 }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, e) { t[e] ^= r.call(this) }, keySize: 8, ivSize: 0 }); e.RC4 = n._createHelper(s); var a = o.RC4Drop = s.extend({ cfg: s.cfg.extend({ drop: 192 }), _doReset: function () { s._doReset.call(this); for (var t = this.cfg.drop; t > 0; t--)r.call(this) } }); e.RC4Drop = n._createHelper(a) }(), t.mode.CTRGladman = function () { function r(t) { if (255 === (t >> 24 & 255)) { var r = t >> 16 & 255, e = t >> 8 & 255, i = 255 & t; 255 === r ? (r = 0, 255 === e ? (e = 0, 255 === i ? i = 0 : ++i) : ++e) : ++r, t = 0, t += r << 16, t += e << 8, t += i } else t += 1 << 24; return t } function e(t) { return 0 === (t[0] = r(t[0])) && (t[1] = r(t[1])), t } var i = t.lib.BlockCipherMode.extend(), n = i.Encryptor = i.extend({ processBlock: function (t, r) { var i = this._cipher, n = i.blockSize, o = this._iv, s = this._counter; o && (s = this._counter = o.slice(0), this._iv = void 0), e(s); var a = s.slice(0); i.encryptBlock(a, 0); for (var c = 0; c < n; c++)t[r + c] ^= a[c] } }); return i.Decryptor = n, i }(), function () { function r() { for (var t = this._X, r = this._C, e = 0; e < 8; e++)a[e] = r[e]; r[0] = r[0] + 1295307597 + this._b | 0, r[1] = r[1] + 3545052371 + (r[0] >>> 0 < a[0] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[2] = r[2] + 886263092 + (r[1] >>> 0 < a[1] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[3] = r[3] + 1295307597 + (r[2] >>> 0 < a[2] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[4] = r[4] + 3545052371 + (r[3] >>> 0 < a[3] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[5] = r[5] + 886263092 + (r[4] >>> 0 < a[4] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[6] = r[6] + 1295307597 + (r[5] >>> 0 < a[5] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[7] = r[7] + 3545052371 + (r[6] >>> 0 < a[6] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, this._b = r[7] >>> 0 < a[7] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0; for (var e = 0; e < 8; e++) { var i = t[e] + r[e], n = 65535 & i, o = i >>> 16, s = ((n * n >>> 17) + n * o >>> 15) + o * o, h = ((4294901760 & i) * i | 0) + ((65535 & i) * i | 0); c[e] = s ^ h } t[0] = c[0] + (c[7] << 16 | c[7] >>> 16) + (c[6] << 16 | c[6] >>> 16) | 0, t[1] = c[1] + (c[0] << 8 | c[0] >>> 24) + c[7] | 0, t[2] = c[2] + (c[1] << 16 | c[1] >>> 16) + (c[0] << 16 | c[0] >>> 16) | 0, t[3] = c[3] + (c[2] << 8 | c[2] >>> 24) + c[1] | 0, t[4] = c[4] + (c[3] << 16 | c[3] >>> 16) + (c[2] << 16 | c[2] >>> 16) | 0, t[5] = c[5] + (c[4] << 8 | c[4] >>> 24) + c[3] | 0, t[6] = c[6] + (c[5] << 16 | c[5] >>> 16) + (c[4] << 16 | c[4] >>> 16) | 0, t[7] = c[7] + (c[6] << 8 | c[6] >>> 24) + c[5] | 0 } var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.StreamCipher, o = e.algo, s = [], a = [], c = [], h = o.Rabbit = n.extend({ _doReset: function () { for (var t = this._key.words, e = this.cfg.iv, i = 0; i < 4; i++)t[i] = 16711935 & (t[i] << 8 | t[i] >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (t[i] << 24 | t[i] >>> 8); var n = this._X = [t[0], t[3] << 16 | t[2] >>> 16, t[1], t[0] << 16 | t[3] >>> 16, t[2], t[1] << 16 | t[0] >>> 16, t[3], t[2] << 16 | t[1] >>> 16], o = this._C = [t[2] << 16 | t[2] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[0] | 65535 & t[1], t[3] << 16 | t[3] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[1] | 65535 & t[2], t[0] << 16 | t[0] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[2] | 65535 & t[3], t[1] << 16 | t[1] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[3] | 65535 & t[0]]; this._b = 0; for (var i = 0; i < 4; i++)r.call(this); for (var i = 0; i < 8; i++)o[i] ^= n[i + 4 & 7]; if (e) { var s = e.words, a = s[0], c = s[1], h = 16711935 & (a << 8 | a >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (a << 24 | a >>> 8), l = 16711935 & (c << 8 | c >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (c << 24 | c >>> 8), f = h >>> 16 | 4294901760 & l, u = l << 16 | 65535 & h; o[0] ^= h, o[1] ^= f, o[2] ^= l, o[3] ^= u, o[4] ^= h, o[5] ^= f, o[6] ^= l, o[7] ^= u; for (var i = 0; i < 4; i++)r.call(this) } }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, e) { var i = this._X; r.call(this), s[0] = i[0] ^ i[5] >>> 16 ^ i[3] << 16, s[1] = i[2] ^ i[7] >>> 16 ^ i[5] << 16, s[2] = i[4] ^ i[1] >>> 16 ^ i[7] << 16, s[3] = i[6] ^ i[3] >>> 16 ^ i[1] << 16; for (var n = 0; n < 4; n++)s[n] = 16711935 & (s[n] << 8 | s[n] >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (s[n] << 24 | s[n] >>> 8), t[e + n] ^= s[n] }, blockSize: 4, ivSize: 2 }); e.Rabbit = n._createHelper(h) }(), t.mode.CTR = function () { var r = t.lib.BlockCipherMode.extend(), e = r.Encryptor = r.extend({ processBlock: function (t, r) { var e = this._cipher, i = e.blockSize, n = this._iv, o = this._counter; n && (o = this._counter = n.slice(0), this._iv = void 0); var s = o.slice(0); e.encryptBlock(s, 0), o[i - 1] = o[i - 1] + 1 | 0; for (var a = 0; a < i; a++)t[r + a] ^= s[a] } }); return r.Decryptor = e, r }(), function () { function r() { for (var t = this._X, r = this._C, e = 0; e < 8; e++)a[e] = r[e]; r[0] = r[0] + 1295307597 + this._b | 0, r[1] = r[1] + 3545052371 + (r[0] >>> 0 < a[0] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[2] = r[2] + 886263092 + (r[1] >>> 0 < a[1] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[3] = r[3] + 1295307597 + (r[2] >>> 0 < a[2] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[4] = r[4] + 3545052371 + (r[3] >>> 0 < a[3] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[5] = r[5] + 886263092 + (r[4] >>> 0 < a[4] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[6] = r[6] + 1295307597 + (r[5] >>> 0 < a[5] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, r[7] = r[7] + 3545052371 + (r[6] >>> 0 < a[6] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0) | 0, this._b = r[7] >>> 0 < a[7] >>> 0 ? 1 : 0; for (var e = 0; e < 8; e++) { var i = t[e] + r[e], n = 65535 & i, o = i >>> 16, s = ((n * n >>> 17) + n * o >>> 15) + o * o, h = ((4294901760 & i) * i | 0) + ((65535 & i) * i | 0); c[e] = s ^ h } t[0] = c[0] + (c[7] << 16 | c[7] >>> 16) + (c[6] << 16 | c[6] >>> 16) | 0, t[1] = c[1] + (c[0] << 8 | c[0] >>> 24) + c[7] | 0, t[2] = c[2] + (c[1] << 16 | c[1] >>> 16) + (c[0] << 16 | c[0] >>> 16) | 0, t[3] = c[3] + (c[2] << 8 | c[2] >>> 24) + c[1] | 0, t[4] = c[4] + (c[3] << 16 | c[3] >>> 16) + (c[2] << 16 | c[2] >>> 16) | 0, t[5] = c[5] + (c[4] << 8 | c[4] >>> 24) + c[3] | 0, t[6] = c[6] + (c[5] << 16 | c[5] >>> 16) + (c[4] << 16 | c[4] >>> 16) | 0, t[7] = c[7] + (c[6] << 8 | c[6] >>> 24) + c[5] | 0 } var e = t, i = e.lib, n = i.StreamCipher, o = e.algo, s = [], a = [], c = [], h = o.RabbitLegacy = n.extend({ _doReset: function () { var t = this._key.words, e = this.cfg.iv, i = this._X = [t[0], t[3] << 16 | t[2] >>> 16, t[1], t[0] << 16 | t[3] >>> 16, t[2], t[1] << 16 | t[0] >>> 16, t[3], t[2] << 16 | t[1] >>> 16], n = this._C = [t[2] << 16 | t[2] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[0] | 65535 & t[1], t[3] << 16 | t[3] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[1] | 65535 & t[2], t[0] << 16 | t[0] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[2] | 65535 & t[3], t[1] << 16 | t[1] >>> 16, 4294901760 & t[3] | 65535 & t[0]]; this._b = 0; for (var o = 0; o < 4; o++)r.call(this); for (var o = 0; o < 8; o++)n[o] ^= i[o + 4 & 7]; if (e) { var s = e.words, a = s[0], c = s[1], h = 16711935 & (a << 8 | a >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (a << 24 | a >>> 8), l = 16711935 & (c << 8 | c >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (c << 24 | c >>> 8), f = h >>> 16 | 4294901760 & l, u = l << 16 | 65535 & h; n[0] ^= h, n[1] ^= f, n[2] ^= l, n[3] ^= u, n[4] ^= h, n[5] ^= f, n[6] ^= l, n[7] ^= u; for (var o = 0; o < 4; o++)r.call(this) } }, _doProcessBlock: function (t, e) { var i = this._X; r.call(this), s[0] = i[0] ^ i[5] >>> 16 ^ i[3] << 16, s[1] = i[2] ^ i[7] >>> 16 ^ i[5] << 16, s[2] = i[4] ^ i[1] >>> 16 ^ i[7] << 16, s[3] = i[6] ^ i[3] >>> 16 ^ i[1] << 16; for (var n = 0; n < 4; n++)s[n] = 16711935 & (s[n] << 8 | s[n] >>> 24) | 4278255360 & (s[n] << 24 | s[n] >>> 8), t[e + n] ^= s[n] }, blockSize: 4, ivSize: 2 }); e.RabbitLegacy = n._createHelper(h) }(), t.pad.ZeroPadding = { pad: function (t, r) { var e = 4 * r; t.clamp(), t.sigBytes += e - (t.sigBytes % e || e) }, unpad: function (t) { for (var r = t.words, e = t.sigBytes - 1; !(r[e >>> 2] >>> 24 - e % 4 * 8 & 255);)e--; t.sigBytes = e + 1 } }, t
});

const $ = new Env('京喜工厂');
const JD_API_HOST = 'https://m.jingxi.com';
const notify = $.isNode() ? require('./sendNotify') : '';
//通知级别 1=生产完毕可兑换通知;2=可兑换通知+生产超时通知+兑换超时通知;3=可兑换通知+生产超时通知+兑换超时通知+未选择商品生产通知(前提：已开通京喜工厂活动);默认第2种通知
let notifyLevel = $.isNode() ? process.env.JXGC_NOTIFY_LEVEL || 2 : 2;
const randomCount = $.isNode() ? 20 : 5;
let tuanActiveId = ``, hasSend = false;
const jxOpenUrl = `openjd://virtual?params=%7B%20%22category%22:%20%22jump%22,%20%22des%22:%20%22m%22,%20%22url%22:%20%22https://wqsd.jd.com/pingou/dream_factory/index.html%22%20%7D`;
let cookiesArr = [], cookie = '', message = '', allMessage = '';
const inviteCodes = [
  'AXDgNYKNLs51h24hm7ZK-w==@2pMYXE95BIkCIGcO6UzTpQ==@DgHnSIl_Xks49TJjxzo7nw==@UO68abNzUTGatLzR4Z4RTg==@xJctChTp3ru2blH_WwFopg==@W2y011egxw55xNDYP8Xpww==@NRjbnfYENRVL9QSnLZZNrA==@dmgVOhr4JdUp1CG78ohkWw==@6nURqZ5tze71d9TbZGQg3Q==',
  'AXDgNYKNLs51h24hm7ZK-w==@2pMYXE95BIkCIGcO6UzTpQ==@DgHnSIl_Xks49TJjxzo7nw==@UO68abNzUTGatLzR4Z4RTg==@xJctChTp3ru2blH_WwFopg==@W2y011egxw55xNDYP8Xpww==@NRjbnfYENRVL9QSnLZZNrA==@dmgVOhr4JdUp1CG78ohkWw==@6nURqZ5tze71d9TbZGQg3Q==',
  'AXDgNYKNLs51h24hm7ZK-w==@2pMYXE95BIkCIGcO6UzTpQ==@DgHnSIl_Xks49TJjxzo7nw==@UO68abNzUTGatLzR4Z4RTg==@xJctChTp3ru2blH_WwFopg==@W2y011egxw55xNDYP8Xpww==@NRjbnfYENRVL9QSnLZZNrA==@dmgVOhr4JdUp1CG78ohkWw==@6nURqZ5tze71d9TbZGQg3Q==',
  'AXDgNYKNLs51h24hm7ZK-w==@2pMYXE95BIkCIGcO6UzTpQ==@DgHnSIl_Xks49TJjxzo7nw==@UO68abNzUTGatLzR4Z4RTg==@xJctChTp3ru2blH_WwFopg==@W2y011egxw55xNDYP8Xpww==@NRjbnfYENRVL9QSnLZZNrA==@dmgVOhr4JdUp1CG78ohkWw==@6nURqZ5tze71d9TbZGQg3Q==',
];
const jdCookieNode = $.isNode() ? require('./jdCookie.js') : '';
$.tuanIds = [];
$.appId = 10001;
if ($.isNode()) {
  Object.keys(jdCookieNode).forEach((item) => {
    cookiesArr.push(jdCookieNode[item])
  })
  if (process.env.JD_DEBUG && process.env.JD_DEBUG === 'false') console.log = () => {};
  if (process.env.DREAMFACTORY_FORBID_ACCOUNT) process.env.DREAMFACTORY_FORBID_ACCOUNT.split('&').map((item, index) => Number(item) === 0 ? cookiesArr = [] : cookiesArr.splice(Number(item) - 1 - index, 1))
} else {
  cookiesArr = [$.getdata('CookieJD'), $.getdata('CookieJD2'), ...jsonParse($.getdata('CookiesJD') || "[]").map(item => item.cookie)].filter(item => !!item);
}
!(async () => {
  $.CryptoJS = $.isNode() ? require('crypto-js') : CryptoJS;
  await requireConfig();
  if (!cookiesArr[0]) {
    $.msg($.name, '【提示】请先获取京东账号一cookie\n直接使用NobyDa的京东签到获取', 'https://bean.m.jd.com/bean/signIndex.action', {"open-url": "https://bean.m.jd.com/bean/signIndex.action"});
    return;
  }
  await requestAlgo();
  await getActiveId();//自动获取每期拼团活动ID
  for (let i = 0; i < cookiesArr.length; i++) {
    if (cookiesArr[i]) {
      cookie = cookiesArr[i];
      $.UserName = decodeURIComponent(cookie.match(/pt_pin=([^; ]+)(?=;?)/) && cookie.match(/pt_pin=([^; ]+)(?=;?)/)[1])
      $.index = i + 1;
      $.isLogin = true;
      $.nickName = '';
      message = '';
      $.ele = 0;
      $.pickEle = 0;
      $.pickFriendEle = 0;
      $.friendList = [];
      $.canHelpFlag = true;//能否助力朋友(招工)
      $.tuanNum = 0;//成团人数
      await TotalBean();
      console.log(`\n******开始【京东账号${$.index}】${$.nickName || $.UserName}*********\n`);
      if (!$.isLogin) {
        $.msg($.name, `【提示】cookie已失效`, `京东账号${$.index} ${$.nickName || $.UserName}\n请重新登录获取\nhttps://bean.m.jd.com/bean/signIndex.action`, {"open-url": "https://bean.m.jd.com/bean/signIndex.action"});

        if ($.isNode()) {
          await notify.sendNotify(`${$.name}cookie已失效 - ${$.UserName}`, `京东账号${$.index} ${$.UserName}\n请重新登录获取cookie`);
        }
        continue
      }
      await jdDreamFactory()
    }
  }
  if (tuanActiveId) {
    for (let i = 0; i < cookiesArr.length; i++) {
      if (cookiesArr[i]) {
        cookie = cookiesArr[i];
        $.isLogin = true;
        $.canHelp = true;//能否参团
        $.UserName = decodeURIComponent(cookie.match(/pt_pin=([^; ]+)(?=;?)/) && cookie.match(/pt_pin=([^; ]+)(?=;?)/)[1])

        if ((cookiesArr && cookiesArr.length >= ($.tuanNum || 5)) …

---
## [TogoFire/kernel_xiaomi_panda](https://github.com/TogoFire/kernel_xiaomi_panda)@[b709dfa470...](https://github.com/TogoFire/kernel_xiaomi_panda/commit/b709dfa4701ebf1e006ba614e4dd686cdda6afd1)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 19:42:12 by Angelo G. Del Regno

Merge: Performance improvements.

This patchset brings some performance improvements and the addition of the LZO-RLE
algorithm to the kernel, also usable in zram (yup, tested, works but LZ4 is still ok for us).

The main performance improvement is for SWAP space: the locking has changed and
the swap cache is now split in 64MB trunks.
This gives us a reduction of the median page fault latency of 375%, from 15uS to 4uS,
and an improvement of 192% on the swap throughput (this includes "virtual" swap
devices, like zRAM!). The real world user experience improvement of this on a mobile
device is seen after a day or two of usage, where it usually starts losing just a little
performance due to the large amount of apps kept open in background: now I cannot
notice any more performance loss and the user experience is now basically the same as
if the phone was in its first 2 hours of boot life.

Other performance improvements include, in short:

    UDP v4/v6: 10% more performance on single RX queue
    Userspace applications will be faster when checking running time of threads
    2-5% improvements on heavy multipliers (yeah, not a lot, but was totally free...)
    Improvements on rare conditions during sparsetruncate of about 0.3% to a
    way more rare around 20% improvement (that's never gonna happen, but there
    is no performance drop anywhere).

Tested on SoMC Tama Akatsuki RoW

This was taken from
Repo:
https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/kernel
PR: 2039 ([2.3.2.r1.4] Performance improvements)

Signed-off-by: TogoFire <italomellopereira@gmail.com>

---
## [ngcd04-fa07/graspologic](https://github.com/ngcd04-fa07/graspologic)@[240b913560...](https://github.com/ngcd04-fa07/graspologic/commit/240b913560c6dc7437750fc6a519645453556b3c)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 20:30:49 by Dwayne Pryce

THE GRAND RENAMING HAS BEGUN (#481)

* THE GRAND RENAMING HAS BEGUN but holy crap it still doesn't work because of some nbsphinx thing that I don't know how to even begin troubleshooting

* Update .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

I am the goo0dest typer

Co-authored-by: Benjamin Pedigo <benjamindpedigo@gmail.com>

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Benjamin Pedigo <benjamindpedigo@gmail.com>

* Make the build status badge less obnoxious

* Made a sentence actually make sense

* Ah the last merge from dev must have overwritten some of the changes I made.  This should be fixed now.

* Found another instance of graspy in the issue template

* Some last second changes, including a fix to the utils init file because the __all__ value was being populated by identifier names not string representations of those identifier names

* I approve of black hating the single quotes for a string because I also hate it but it's still pythonic even if I wish it weren't so

Co-authored-by: Benjamin Pedigo <benjamindpedigo@gmail.com>

---
## [ngcd04-fa07/graspologic](https://github.com/ngcd04-fa07/graspologic)@[020e451ee6...](https://github.com/ngcd04-fa07/graspologic/commit/020e451ee61c83fbb3effc67a6a30781dddff900)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 20:30:49 by Dwayne Pryce

Suitably dynamic versioning (#467)

* Suitably dynamic versioning

The following versioning code bypasses a few problems with python module versions.  The following scenarios are plausible:
- A user clones `graspologic` and runs `pip install -r requirements.txt` then executes `python` in the project directory, accessing the graspologic library by python's local folder structure.
- A users clones `graspologic` and runs `python setup.py install` in the environment of their choice, accessing the graspologic library either by the local folder structure or the .egg in their site-packages, depending on their current working directory.
- A user clones no repository and wants to install the library solely via `pip` via the `pip install ...` command, which has 2 wings to consider:
  - The user wishes to try out the latest prerelease, which is going to be published with a X.Y.ZdevYYYYMMDDBUILDNUMBER style version and can be installed via `pip install graspologic --pre`
  - The user wishes to try out the latest release, which will be published as `X.Y.Z`.

This PR supports those 4 cases (notably, it does not support `pip install .` from the root project directory, which does some super weird stuff and I gave up on trying to solve it a long time ago)

The concept is this: the actual version upon a **build action**, which can be undertaken by:
- CI building a snapshot build
- CI building a release build
- Local user building a local build

These states all require the same thing: a materialized version in a file.  This version should be created at the time of this build action.

In the case of CI, we can populate the file in our CI build process and move on.  It's the case of not being in CI where we need to consider what to do next, which leaves Local user building a local build (and local user using the filesystem as the library).

In these cases, the solution is the following: if we have a populated version.txt file, we use it. If we do not, we materialize a new version based on the `__semver` in version.py and the current time in YYYYMMDDHHmmSS format. This means that if you are running on the filesystem, and you say `import graspy; print(graspy.__version__);`, it will actually tell you the version is `0.1.0dev20200926120000` as an example.  However, when you close the interpreter and do it again, it will tell you that the version is `0.1.0dev20200926120500` - because it will create a version for you at the time of import.

However, if you were to run `python setup.py install`, the setup.py file actually takes it on itself to either get a version number or use the materialized version described above, then to write it to version.txt.  Which means that installing the graspologic library from setuptools will actually lock in the version number in perpetuity.

Gotchas
- version.txt must always be empty in the source tree
- `pip install .` does some weird thing where it registers an entry in site-packages that is like a symlink to the local filesystem anyway so it doesn't actually make an egg which means you get a new version each time and I gave up caring at this point since we got the three primary use cases: developers, users of pre-releases, and users of releases all covered. Users who install by cloning and running pip install are just going to get a weird behavior that probably isn't that important to track down, and regardless they'll get a clear `X.Y.Zdev<timestamp>` in their `graspologic.__version__` which is enough for us to go on if there are any issues raised.

* My testing resulted in filling this file and committing it, like I said not to do

* Updated conf.py for sphinx to be able to find a version it likes.  Or kinda likes.  Maybe likes?

* Forgot I had to add the recursive-include for the version file.

* Making black happy

---
## [TorannD/RWoM](https://github.com/TorannD/RWoM)@[57a0631dd4...](https://github.com/TorannD/RWoM/commit/57a0631dd49b3ece78e44e00b073947cddc57f42)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 20:45:49 by TorannD

v2.6.1.0 update

New:
 o Magic Ideo (Meme) - Transcendent: reflects on different opinions of magic and mages and includes the following precepts...

 o Precept: Abhore Magic - views magic as an abomination that will hold humanity back from true growth, and mages as less than human
	Bonuses:
		- No mages in the colony (mage slaves are barely tolerated)
		- Social opinion improvements for killing a mage
		- Mood bonuses for killing mages
		- Mood bonuses for the colony when killing a mage
		- Mood bonuses for severing a mage from magic
	Penalties:
		- Mood penalties for mages in the colony
		- Social penalties for being a mage
		- Mood and social penalties for using magic or allowing magic to be used

 o Precept: Disapprove of Magic - views magic as a roadblock to technological advancement and mages and perpetuators of the dark ages
	Bonuses:
		- Few mages (relative) in the colony
		- Mood bonuses for limiting the amount of spells used per day
	Penalties:
		- Too many mages in the colony
		- Too many spells or abilities used per day
		- Mild social penalty for being a mage

 o Precept: Approve of Magic - views magic as a valuable asset that can be used to better the colony
	Bonuses:
		- Enjoys seeing or using magic
		- Social approval of mages
		- Mood bonuses for number of mages in the colony
		- Social opinion of a mage improves for using magic
	Penalties:
		- No mages in the colony
		- Mood penalty for pawns that do not witness magic for a day
		- Non-mages have a social penalty with mages
		- Disapproves of the magic severence ritual

 o Precept: Venerate Magic - views magic as a divine gift and mages as exalted beings able to commune with the gods
	Bonuses:
		- Social opinion increases for a day for a mage after using magic
		- Mood bonus for using or seeing magic
		- Social bonus for being a mage (less so between mages)
		- Mood bonus for number of mages in the colony
	Penalties:
		- Mages view non-mages with disdain
		- Mood penalties for having mages as prisoners or slaves
		- Mood penalties if no magic is used for a day
		- Mood penalties for killing a mage (colony and individual)
		- Social penalties for killing a mage (less so as a mage)
		- Strongly disapproves of the magic severence ritual

 o New role - Void bringer - a mysterious figure able to sense and manipulate the flow of magic
	- Ability Mana Storm: disrupt the balance of mana and cause mana to become hyper-available but dangerous to use
	- Ability Elemental Rift: uses mana to create a rift to an elemental plane; elementals from the rift will defend the colony
	- The void bringer is required to perform the sever magic, gifting, and ascenscion rituals

 o New ritual - sever magic: this ritual strips all magical ability from a pawn, if the ritual is performed poorly, the mage may attempt a desperate attack; this ritual can also be lethal to the mage

 o New ritual - bestow magic (aka gifting): this ritual can be performed on the selected day of the year and, if successful, will grant a pawn the gifted trait along with mood and selectable secondary bonuses

 o New ritual - ascension: this ritual may be performed when a gifted pawn gains a vision (inspiration) of becoming a magic class; the magic class is random but pre-determined (known) prior to performing the ritual

 o New Inspiration - arcane path (aka ascension): this inspiration allows a gifted pawn to acquire a magic class with the assistance of a void bringer ritual

 o New event - mana storm: mana in the area becomes imbalanced and dangerous to use, mana flows readily and all spell costs are reduced by half and all mana reduction barriers are removed, however, any spell that costs over 5 mana will cause the storm to strike the mage; the more the spell's mana cost exceeds 5 mana, the stronger the arcane strike becomes

 o New ritual outcome that replinishes mana for participating mages

 o New mod option added to disable camera snap-to-pawn after using teleport or rapid movement abilities

Tweaks:
 o Improved artwork for thrumbosaber, thrumbow, elephant spear, elephant tusk, elemental rings (orbs) and thrumbo axe courtesy of Kasmex Forever ¿Vladislav?
 o Undead status will revert to slave status under ideology to prevent influencing ideologies; the interaction with the slavery precept is intended
 o Undead will maintain the same ideo and certainty as their necromancer
 o Mana potions reclassified as "medical"; syrrium is still considered a social drug
 o Reduced cooldown of ice mage spells by ~25%
 o Magic weapons can now be selected as relics
 o Placeholder weapons for supersoldier and technomancer can no longer be selected as relics
 o Non-violent abilities can be used on venerated animals
 o Undead animals will only decay to rotted corpses instead of skeletons
 o Slaves will always produce random books and have a 25% chance to fail, destroying the book
 o Elemental Assault difficulty scaling change to be easier at lower settings and harder at higher settings
 o Having the "Corpses - Don't Care" precept will prevent the debuff for seeing undead

---
## [torque/fpdf2](https://github.com/torque/fpdf2)@[c054ecc770...](https://github.com/torque/fpdf2/commit/c054ecc7704d517643ffbf87ec6149b8c57eba0e)
#### Saturday 2021-09-04 23:44:40 by torque

drawing: rewrite to support alpha blending and style inheriting

To start with, the rendering pass has been updated to pass more
information from one stage to the next. This will allow better support
for some SVG drawing operators that we might as well try to support
because it doesn't hurt anything. In addition, a lot of rework has gone
into how the styling is structured (theoretically with little change to
the API) to allow for automatic determination of painting style from
the style attributes.

Some of the style items are being offloaded into the graphics state
parameter dictionaries which notably allows us to support the PDF
transparency model---this was completely missing from the initial
implementation. Unfortunately, the use of these dicts is a mess, and I
wish they didn't exist. Drawing transparency is a PDF 1.4+ feature, so
we will need to bump the version flag above 1.3 (the default) if using
any of the drawing features, to be sure we don't emit an out-of-spec
PDF.

There are still a number of features we don't support (patterns etc.)
that are not going to be added right now, though the state dict support
should theoretically make it easier to add support in the future,
maybe.

reimplement remaining style attributes

this includes blend modes.

Also, I've just determined that the graphics state parameter dictionary
ordering is nondeterministic thanks to my very skillful use of sets,
which do not preserve order. I will need to swap that implementation
out for an OrderedDict, I think.

commit message quality going downhill

Reintroduce the render tree output, renamed as debug output. This is
now generated during the rendering process, so it has access to the
contextual information used during the rendering process, which allows
even more useful output to be produced, such as the resolved absolute
output of relative path components. I tried doing this with separate
render paths for debug and not debug to avoid adding a bunch of debug
branching, but this ended up kind of falling apart at the
GraphicsContext level, as there's sufficiently entangled logic in the
rendering process that I didn't feel comfortable copy pasting it in.
At the end of the day, I haven't measured the performance of this at
all anyway, so it's kind of silly to try to worry about such
optimizations. However, the real motivation was to avoid polluting the
normal code with a bunch of debug branches, and I'm sad to say I've
failed in this regard. I may come back to this, maybe not.

The graphics state dictionary output should be deterministic now, as
it's been switched over to using OrderedDicts instead of sets.

Adding docstrings is an ongoing process, but the next step will
probably be rewrite the existing unit tests and start adding new ones.

The features are now in place to produce accurate output of the svg
logo test, including properly omitting the stroke and including
transparency.

also add arc support

Now including prettier debug information as well.

---

# [<](2021-09-03.md) 2021-09-04 [>](2021-09-05.md)

