# [<](2021-08-24.md) 2021-08-25 [>](2021-08-26.md)

2,370,581 events, 1,081,301 push events, 1,717,272 commit messages, 130,164,124 characters


## [LLFourn/gun](https://github.com/LLFourn/gun)@[75da2d60d9...](https://github.com/LLFourn/gun/commit/75da2d60d9b766bf552e87b516b14e2cf1763ad7)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 00:16:16 by Tobin Harding

Improve betting howto document

Do minor fixes (grammar, typos, whitespace) to the betting howto
document. Of note, since the document uses the diff friendly, horrible
to read, one sentence per line format, we should at least be uniform.

Rant: My major dislike of this format, excluding that it looks bad in a
text editor is that its just way too easy to forget to do it and the
file either becomes non-uniform or you get code churn patches like this
one :)

---
## [Shadow-Quill/tgstation](https://github.com/Shadow-Quill/tgstation)@[6e3b74da04...](https://github.com/Shadow-Quill/tgstation/commit/6e3b74da049698fb186be306eb2d317c7e697107)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 00:21:21 by Colovorat

Fixes cable merging, changes merging code just a little bit (#60997)

Makes stack code support merging two different stacks with the same mats, but different mats_per_unit numbers by implementing averages.

It's in an attempt to support the stupid efficiency shit that protolathes do. It's not great, but it ought to work alright for now. Kinda a bandaid
Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Azraeel/fa](https://github.com/Azraeel/fa)@[d6a047ade0...](https://github.com/Azraeel/fa/commit/d6a047ade04b3bbe6d37d7c5de0cc5341117e09a)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 00:25:02 by Azraeelian Angel

LUA - AI - AIUtilities Part 2 [Major Perf]

This is fucking magical. What happens in the redone AIGetMarkerLocations is that this runs ONCE at the beginning of the game and it gets all markers ONCE. This literally cuts out countless searches during the game during Jips Profiler this function was called and done 710+ times within the first few minutes of the game. Now, we dont do anything by return the cached version once its been done 1 time. This made during my test platoon response so so much faster all movements and such is done by getting the markerlocation and this function gets slower the bigger the marker table and since we have such dense grids of markers from Uveso's Marker Generator this saves countless amounts of time. You no longer have to search through the entire marker table ANYMORE.
Also I continued to remove tableinserts and such as well as change some ScenarioUtil look ups that we didnt need to do.
Removed another function that wasn't being used at all.
Standardized RetMarkers.

Kept logs for Jip because he'll love this one.

---
## [Gurgstation/Gurgstation](https://github.com/Gurgstation/Gurgstation)@[c6e7cdede4...](https://github.com/Gurgstation/Gurgstation/commit/c6e7cdede4dc39bfbf0af6695611fa54cf1a564c)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 01:41:54 by GremlingSS

Merge pull request #66 from GremlingSS/mappog

Everyone telling me to title and name these PRs accurately but idk chief this just kinda like another map PR again cause idk maybe im just contributing a little more to the map maybe idk, man I'm pretty tired, hope everyone's days are fine and all. Did you know that a human would often sleep for almost 1/3rd of their life? Cool right? I know, it really do be. Anyways, yeah, map stuff.

---
## [sharon-ku/soyouwontforget](https://github.com/sharon-ku/soyouwontforget)@[d54dd5975d...](https://github.com/sharon-ku/soyouwontforget/commit/d54dd5975df2c34b0594ef58088268093155cdca)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 01:46:39 by sharon-ku

MemoryMakingBao: added audio dialogs

Oh boy oh boy, adding audio dialogs was much more work than I expected. But the result was worth it because it made the memory more immersive. I like the idea of connecting to the characters through their voices. Regardless of how long it took to implement the audio files, it was definitely easier to implement than written dialog.

I added my cousin's voice and mine to the Making Bao memory to see how it goes. I had a blast recording it with her. Also kinda weird hearing her call me "daddy"... uhhhh can't wait until I get someone else to take over the dad voice.

---
## [Gurgstation/Gurgstation](https://github.com/Gurgstation/Gurgstation)@[0243360a79...](https://github.com/Gurgstation/Gurgstation/commit/0243360a796d3b72b0e84264757b32a128889e11)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 01:55:55 by GremlingSS

Merge pull request #67 from GremlingSS/mappog

According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Ooming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up. Looking sharp. Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those. Sorry. I'm excited. Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son. A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud. Ma! I got a thing going here. - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me! - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye! Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry. - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation. Never thought I'd make it. Three days grade school, three days high school. Those were awkw

---
## [SylvainTran/V00717](https://github.com/SylvainTran/V00717)@[baf9faf4ae...](https://github.com/SylvainTran/V00717/commit/baf9faf4ae9afac7a5a509a57faf0b91c1c89ec3)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 02:38:30 by Sylvain Tran

Added real game terrain; added base male (headless) with idle and walking animation; Added weather system; Adjusted audition page and various fixes; Setup camera lanes in quadrant at various angles

This commit packs in the art big time, and it's bringing much needed life. I should have dropped these art assets sooner. It really does change the perceived feelings (and that could even re-adjust priorities?). Anyways, we have a bunch of headless people walking around in a foggy, mystical landscape of four seasons. It somehow feels spiritual to watch headless beings walk in a barren landscape. This commit bears a few problems with the nav agent setup on the navmesh so sometimes the character bots get stuck in place (will fix that next).

---
## [anachronic/dotfiles](https://github.com/anachronic/dotfiles)@[d996768755...](https://github.com/anachronic/dotfiles/commit/d9967687554271296fbf83fc542b23364667941d)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 05:00:56 by Nicolás Salas

zsh: Make config a little bit more universal

Up until this point I had been using macOS for around 2 years
exclusively, while that brought me a little joy in terms of
productivity, it didn't really when it comes to performance.

Anyways, the point is that my dotfiles are a mess right now, with
hardcoded paths that are macOS exclusive, a lot of macOS exclusive stuff
that I haven't even tested if it works in my Linux machine.

The point of this commit is to start moving towards a more universal
dotfiles repo. This includes:

- Properly using .zshenv
- Don't assume BSD/Linux for the ls command while still having colored
  output

In the future, I should be moving the "version manager" stuff out of
.zshrc because is a horrible mess and it's incredibly annoying to have
to keep that up to date.

---
## [Aquila-Lab/android_kernel_sm6250](https://github.com/Aquila-Lab/android_kernel_sm6250)@[70baaba325...](https://github.com/Aquila-Lab/android_kernel_sm6250/commit/70baaba325510c538140a09096523838047ccbde)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 05:39:39 by Hugh Dickins

mm: put_and_wait_on_page_locked() while page is migrated

Waiting on a page migration entry has used wait_on_page_locked() all along
since 2006: but you cannot safely wait_on_page_locked() without holding a
reference to the page, and that extra reference is enough to make
migrate_page_move_mapping() fail with -EAGAIN, when a racing task faults
on the entry before migrate_page_move_mapping() gets there.

And that failure is retried nine times, amplifying the pain when trying to
migrate a popular page.  With a single persistent faulter, migration
sometimes succeeds; with two or three concurrent faulters, success becomes
much less likely (and the more the page was mapped, the worse the overhead
of unmapping and remapping it on each try).

This is especially a problem for memory offlining, where the outer level
retries forever (or until terminated from userspace), because a heavy
refault workload can trigger an endless loop of migration failures.
wait_on_page_locked() is the wrong tool for the job.

David Herrmann (but was he the first?) noticed this issue in 2014:
https://marc.info/?l=linux-mm&m=140110465608116&w=2

Tim Chen started a thread in August 2017 which appears relevant:
https://marc.info/?l=linux-mm&m=150275941014915&w=2 where Kan Liang went
on to implicate __migration_entry_wait():
https://marc.info/?l=linux-mm&m=150300268411980&w=2 and the thread ended
up with the v4.14 commits: 2554db916586 ("sched/wait: Break up long wake
list walk") 11a19c7b099f ("sched/wait: Introduce wakeup boomark in
wake_up_page_bit")

Baoquan He reported "Memory hotplug softlock issue" 14 November 2018:
https://marc.info/?l=linux-mm&m=154217936431300&w=2

We have all assumed that it is essential to hold a page reference while
waiting on a page lock: partly to guarantee that there is still a struct
page when MEMORY_HOTREMOVE is configured, but also to protect against
reuse of the struct page going to someone who then holds the page locked
indefinitely, when the waiter can reasonably expect timely unlocking.

But in fact, so long as wait_on_page_bit_common() does the put_page(), and
is careful not to rely on struct page contents thereafter, there is no
need to hold a reference to the page while waiting on it.  That does mean
that this case cannot go back through the loop: but that's fine for the
page migration case, and even if used more widely, is limited by the "Stop
walking if it's locked" optimization in wake_page_function().

Add interface put_and_wait_on_page_locked() to do this, using "behavior"
enum in place of "lock" arg to wait_on_page_bit_common() to implement it.
No interruptible or killable variant needed yet, but they might follow: I
have a vague notion that reporting -EINTR should take precedence over
return from wait_on_page_bit_common() without knowing the page state, so
arrange it accordingly - but that may be nothing but pedantic.

__migration_entry_wait() still has to take a brief reference to the page,
prior to calling put_and_wait_on_page_locked(): but now that it is dropped
before waiting, the chance of impeding page migration is very much
reduced.  Should we perhaps disable preemption across this?

shrink_page_list()'s __ClearPageLocked(): that was a surprise!  This
survived a lot of testing before that showed up.  PageWaiters may have
been set by wait_on_page_bit_common(), and the reference dropped, just
before shrink_page_list() succeeds in freezing its last page reference: in
such a case, unlock_page() must be used.  Follow the suggestion from
Michal Hocko, just revert a978d6f52106 ("mm: unlockless reclaim") now:
that optimization predates PageWaiters, and won't buy much these days; but
we can reinstate it for the !PageWaiters case if anyone notices.

It does raise the question: should vmscan.c's is_page_cache_freeable() and
__remove_mapping() now treat a PageWaiters page as if an extra reference
were held?  Perhaps, but I don't think it matters much, since
shrink_page_list() already had to win its trylock_page(), so waiters are
not very common there: I noticed no difference when trying the bigger
change, and it's surely not needed while put_and_wait_on_page_locked() is
only used for page migration.

[willy@infradead.org: add put_and_wait_on_page_locked() kerneldoc]
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/alpine.LSU.2.11.1811261121330.1116@eggly.anvils
Signed-off-by: Hugh Dickins <hughd@google.com>
Reported-by: Baoquan He <bhe@redhat.com>
Tested-by: Baoquan He <bhe@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Andrea Arcangeli <aarcange@redhat.com>
Acked-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Acked-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Acked-by: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Cc: Matthew Wilcox <willy@infradead.org>
Cc: Baoquan He <bhe@redhat.com>
Cc: David Hildenbrand <david@redhat.com>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: David Herrmann <dh.herrmann@gmail.com>
Cc: Tim Chen <tim.c.chen@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Kan Liang <kan.liang@intel.com>
Cc: Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Davidlohr Bueso <dave@stgolabs.net>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Christoph Lameter <cl@linux.com>
Cc: Nick Piggin <npiggin@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Change-Id: I3e95f927445a686b02c7a8d9932a2acdc9a1baf5
[charante@codeaurora.org]: Fixed trivial merge conflicts
Git-Commit: 9a1ea439b16b92002e0a6fceebc5d1794906e297
Git-Repo: https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git
Signed-off-by: Charan Teja Reddy <charante@codeaurora.org>
(cherry picked from commit 2719bee9e573eaf37e51786d689f933c305ae325)
(cherry picked from commit 0e9971bf2f237ece211a329868426f43a62c2a1d)
(cherry picked from commit 5cfcbc558e98fef24463ce793fb18032babdce7b)
(cherry picked from commit e783c32383c52a986b12f57e99ffeb2dc442ec4b)

---
## [coelckers/Raze](https://github.com/coelckers/Raze)@[c80831555c...](https://github.com/coelckers/Raze/commit/c80831555ca34bd84e6ca13fa3412726589a1452)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 06:47:44 by Christoph Oelckers

- Blood: fixed broken missile collision checks.

Curse that stupid bit masking madness in clipmove. As long as this code isn't properly abstracted, we still need to handle it on the game side.

---
## [freedesktop/libreoffice-core](https://github.com/freedesktop/libreoffice-core)@[a511bffd67...](https://github.com/freedesktop/libreoffice-core/commit/a511bffd67a9cebfdc878766581ac08c79d7ff51)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 07:29:33 by Justin Luth

tdf#137737 i18n search: don't expand start/end with regex ^ or $

If the regex starts with ^, that means that it
matches only at the beginning of the content.
So don't expand the beginning of the content
or else it won't match anymore.
Similarly, $ indicates matching at the end of the content.

For the unit test I just randomly guessed at SearchItem.AlgorithmType,
and it kinda worked. I love black boxes...
I hope I remember what i learned about TransformParameters()
which was parsed in sfx2/source/appl/appuno.cxx,
splitting the "variable" into Item.PropName = PropValue.
That is definite black magic.

Change-Id: Ie1640821a7a430e78dbe72c57a92aeaa9b5272a3
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.libreoffice.org/c/core/+/120410
Tested-by: Jenkins
Reviewed-by: Justin Luth <justin_luth@sil.org>

---
## [windowzytch/platform_manifest](https://github.com/windowzytch/platform_manifest)@[7b90eca571...](https://github.com/windowzytch/platform_manifest/commit/7b90eca571f682f223edd0827d07e16eede78575)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 10:54:09 by Wind/owZ

BANANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

/ Renamed Teos_staging to teos_staging. We now use uncapitalized codename. Fuck you Vestel.
/ Changed paths to clone as uncapitalized in path.
/ Tracking https://github.com/LineageOS/android_device_qcom_common/tree/cm-14.1 as per new base tree (land).

Co-authored-by: Nick <nift4@protonmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Wind/owZ <windowz414@gnuweeb.org>

---
## [thisisnic/arrow](https://github.com/thisisnic/arrow)@[72552be99f...](https://github.com/thisisnic/arrow/commit/72552be99f4cb3d8b3532b7683a0b511bff01f6a)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 12:44:42 by Kevin Gurney

ARROW-13202: [MATLAB] Enable GitHub Actions CI for MATLAB Interface on Linux

## Overview

This Pull Request:

1. Enables building of the MATLAB Interface C++ code, running of the C++ tests, and running of the MATLAB tests using GitHub Actions on an `ubuntu-latest` VM.

## Implementation

This implementation uses [`matlab-actions`](https://github.com/matlab-actions) to automatically install MATLAB into a GitHub Actions Linux VM.

We used the other `ci/scripts/<lang>_build.sh` scripts as inspiration for `matlab_build.sh`. Essentially, `matlab_build.sh` just invokes CMake, followed by CTest, to build and run the MATLAB Interface C++ source and tests. It also automatically builds the C++ Arrow libraries (i.e. `libarrow.so`) in the process. Support for automatically building `libarrow.so` as part of the MATLAB CMake build was added in https://github.com/apache/arrow/pull/10614.

We realize that many of the other Arrow language bindings use Docker for their CI workflows on Linux. However, [`matlab-actions/setup-matlab`](https://github.com/matlab-actions/setup-matlab) does not currently support installing MATLAB into Docker containers in GitHub Actions, so we used a "bare" Linux VM-based approach.

## Testing

1. The GitHub Actions workflows pass successfully with no errors.
2. All C++ test results and MATLAB test results can be viewed in the the workflow logs.
3. We made code changes that caused C++ and MATLAB test failures and were able to verify that the GitHub Actions workflow failed as a result.

## Future Directions

1. Enable support for macOS and Windows. [`matlab-actions/setup-matlab`](https://github.com/matlab-actions/setup-matlab) only supports Linux-based VMs in GitHub Actions right now. However, we have a strong desire to support all major platforms for CI in the future. Hopefully, Linux CI support should hold us over until we can add support for other platforms.
2. Enable Docker-based builds for greater control over dependencies and build environment. We also recognize the benefits of developers being able to run CI workflows in local Docker containers for pre-qualification. [`matlab-actions/setup-matlab`](https://github.com/matlab-actions/setup-matlab) does not currently support installing MATLAB into GitHub Actions hosted Docker containers.
3. Reduce overall build time by separating out building of the Arrow C++ libraries from building of the MATLAB interface. This would also enable us to avoid running all of the C++ library tests unnecessarily during the MATLAB build by building GoogleTest separately.

## Notes

This was a Team effort! Several MathWorkers played important roles in getting this working!

1. @sreeharihegden did the **vast majority** of the groundwork to get this working! He's away for a while, so @sgilmore10 and I took over in his absence. Thank you for all of your hard work, Sreehari! **I think @sreeharihegden's commits are not getting properly associated with his GitHub account. I would greatly appreciate it if whoever ends up integrating these changes after review can ensure that his name is properly added as a Co-author for this pull request. Thank you!**

2. @sgilmore10 worked directly with me to get this working! Thank you, Sarah!
3. @lafiona also helped me out a great deal to understand GitHub Actions and nail down the exact source of the build issues we were encountering. Thank you, Fiona!

Closes #10932 from kevingurney/ARROW-13202

Lead-authored-by: Kevin Gurney <kgurney@mathworks.com>
Co-authored-by: sgilmore <sgilmore@mathworks.com>
Co-authored-by: Kevin Gurney <5904145+kevingurney@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: shegden <shegden@mathworks.com>
Signed-off-by: Sutou Kouhei <kou@clear-code.com>

---
## [mawrick26/SM8250](https://github.com/mawrick26/SM8250)@[aaf02e937a...](https://github.com/mawrick26/SM8250/commit/aaf02e937a1c4cccf9c8df4b44a6e21462367e47)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 12:56:20 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net

---
## [xFrednet/rust-clippy](https://github.com/xFrednet/rust-clippy)@[cde7e6b8d3...](https://github.com/xFrednet/rust-clippy/commit/cde7e6b8d3502f6eb6a11ba85af812161c2ac03a)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 13:50:33 by bors

Auto merge of #7578 - xFrednet:7172-update-some-docs, r=camsteffen

Small documentation update for the new metadata_collector

Just small documentation updates after the merge of the new metadata collection. I'm also here to deliver on the promised fairy tale:

*Once upon a time, there was a world with many languages. One of the oldest was C a very versatile language that gave great power for the cost of great complexity and manual work. C was so powerful that it was able to create new languages. There is Java a versatile language often used by companies and in formal settings. Python that focused on readability and rapid prototyping capabilities. JavaScript which has some interesting edge cases but was still loved and widely used in the world. Together they build the foundation of our world and continue to shape the interactions between kingdoms worldwide.*

*C ruled as the king of Linux and other operating systems alongside the Queen C++. Together they were powerful leaders, in fact so powerful that they have been ruling this world for over 49 years. They remain happy together and loved by the community. However, with great power comes great responsibility! The two of them have a dark secret. To tell the truth, they sometimes suffer from memory loss and even worse in some instances from race conditions.*

*A mystical creature called Firefox lead to the creation of Mozilla, a global organization fighting for privacy and for their market share in the browser marked. As part of this fight, they started to modify parts of Firefox and eventually created Servo. A completely new creature with a new language called Rust. This new form of communication was focussed on correctness, speed and a new model of memory management.*

*Rust grew up over several years with modification to syntax, content among other things. Finally, in 2015 Rust has reached adulthood which enabled it to take part in the global discourse and shape the future of our world. Some even say that this was the start of a new area withing language design.*

*Rust had already started to build its kingdom and was now the head of a complete organization, with teams being in charge of individual tools used for further development. One team focussing on further improving Rust when it comes to complexity, style and performance was **The Clippy Team**. Its members were a friendly bunch, with mages and wizards among them.*

*With the goal of giving more power to Rust, they identified a Python tool inside Clippy that could be rewritten. This led to the creating of the **Metadata collection monster**. This monster soon replaced the old Python tool and allowed for new creative additions inside Clippy's lint list. With the eradication of the old tool, there came a possibility to update the configuration documentation to span over a lager area. This was done, but some doc comments remained until now in memory of the old tool. This is now the PR that removes these doc comments.*

---

I have to stop now, this already took way longer than the actual changes. It probably also contains some spelling mistakes, but oh well. I hope you get the gist of it :upside_down_face:.

---

r? `@camsteffen`

changelog: none

---
## [canalplus/rx-player](https://github.com/canalplus/rx-player)@[bd8bbbc8a7...](https://github.com/canalplus/rx-player/commit/bd8bbbc8a7397b6fd6462aaf7d901e8c6d5e40cc)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 14:08:58 by Paul Berberian

remove RxJS code from the transports code

After doing a proof-of-concept looking at how some parts of the code
looks like without RxJS (#916), this is a first functional proposal
which looks good enough to me to be merged.

It removes all RxJS code from the `transports` code in `src/transports`.

As a reminder, the reasons for doing this are:

  1. Observables are complicated and full of implicit behaviors
     (lazily running, sync or async, unsubscribing automatically after
     the last unsubscription etc.) which is difficult to reason about,
     especially for a newcomer.

     Things like exploiting schedulers through the `deferSubscriptions`
     util to work-around some subtle potential race-conditions, or
     merging Observables in a specific order for similar reasons, are
     ugly hacks that are difficult to explain to someone not familiar
     with that code.

     Even for us with multiple years of experience with it, we sometimes
     struggle with it.

  2. Promises, event listeners - and direct callbacks in general - are
     generally much more explicit and most developpers (at least JS/TS
     devs) are familiar with them.

  3. Call stacks are close to inexploitable when using RxJS.

  4. Promises provide async/await syntax which can improve drastically
     the readability of our async-heavy code, which for the moment
     suffer from callback hells almost everywhere.

However, I'm still not sure if this wish (getting rid of RxJS) is shared
by other maintainers and/or contributors, so it is still only a proposal.

Thoughts?

---
## [algestam/mame](https://github.com/algestam/mame)@[efa6817d48...](https://github.com/algestam/mame/commit/efa6817d480f65d97a2292dd7491b774952fd6fa)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 14:29:57 by r09

pc98_cd.xml: 16 new dumps, 21 replacements, sync with FM Towns softlist (#8436)

* pc98_cd.xml: add subtitles to some alt_titles
* pc98_cd.xml: 16 new dumps, 21 replacements, sync with FM Towns softlist

New working software list additions
------------------------------------
Chuushaki - Hirasawa Nurse School [redump.org]
if - Invitations from Fantastic Stories [redump.org]
if 3 - Invitations from Fantastic Stories [redump.org]
Kanako [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Kousoku - Yorokobi no Aegi [redump.org]
Moonlight Energy 2 [redump.org]
Record of Lodoss War II - Goshiki no Maryuu [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Tania [redump.org]
The Silent Service - Chinmoku no Kantai [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Virtuacall [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Waku Waku Mahjong Panic! 2 - Kokushi Musou [redump.org]

New not working software list additions
---------------------------------------
OS/2 Warp V3 - Nihongo-ban [sampson]
Moonlight-chan Rinshan [redump.org]
Psychic Detective Series Vol. 4 - Orgel [redump.org]
Syndicate [redump.org]
Yumeutsutsu - Dreamy [redump.org]

Replaced software list items
----------------------------
Akiko Gold [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Bacta 1 & 2 + Voice [redump.org]
Bell's Avenue Vol. 2 [redump.org]
Blandia 98 [redump.org]
Bounty Hunter Rudy [redump.org]
CD-ROM Bishoujo Senshi Collection - Yuu Disc Special [redump.org]
Dies Irae [redump.org]
El-Hazard - The Magnificent World [redump.org]
Hoshi no Suna Monogatari 3 [redump.org]
Jinmon Yuugi [redump.org]
Kono Yo no Hate de Koi wo Utau Shoujo YU-NO [redump.org]
Love Escalator [redump.org]
Making Candy - Oki ni Mesumama [redump.org]
Mujintou Monogatari [redump.org]
My Home Dream 2 [redump.org]
PILcaSEX [redump.org]
Psychic Detective Series Vol. 1 - Invitation - Kage kara no Shoutaijou [redump.org]
Sakura no Mori [redump.org]
Schwarzschild EX - Tessa no Seigun [redump.org]
Schwarzschild GX - Sabita Sousei [redump.org]
Watashi [redump.org]

---
## [sciencehistory/scihist_digicoll](https://github.com/sciencehistory/scihist_digicoll)@[e5e27b4540...](https://github.com/sciencehistory/scihist_digicoll/commit/e5e27b454059b3582e4505267c8fad2cc5d089e5)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 15:26:24 by Jonathan Rochkind

Add net_http_connect_on_start to WebMock calls

There's a weird problem with WebMock that it looks like we're not alone in running into only in ruby 2.7, although there's no techniccal reason it shouldn't have effected earlier ruby. It's also unclear why it only effects us sometimes seemingly non-determinstically -- not happening in master, but was happening in my blacklight upgrading branch.

Also honestly unclear to me why WebMock isn't doing this config by default since it's such a weird gotcha! Links to more info such as I could find it are included in comments by relevant code.

Anyway, we'll just get it into master now, to avoid future headaches, doesn't seem to hurt anything and fixes things for me in my present in-progress work.

---
## [KOLANICH/setuptools](https://github.com/KOLANICH/setuptools)@[34aee2c10a...](https://github.com/KOLANICH/setuptools/commit/34aee2c10a908b2add13a3f41d897008a1d69bb0)
#### Wednesday 2021-08-25 16:39:58 by Georg Brandl

#1370: Finish the merge r58749, log below, by resolving all conflicts in Doc/.

Merged revisions 58221-58741 via svnmerge from
svn+ssh://pythondev@svn.python.org/python/trunk

........
  r58221 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-20 10:57:59 -0700 (Thu, 20 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  Patch #1181: add os.environ.clear() method.
........
  r58225 | sean.reifschneider | 2007-09-20 23:33:28 -0700 (Thu, 20 Sep 2007) | 3 lines

  Issue1704287: "make install" fails unless you do "make" first.  Make
     oldsharedmods and sharedmods in "libinstall".
........
  r58232 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-09-22 13:18:03 -0700 (Sat, 22 Sep 2007) | 4 lines

  Patch # 188 by Philip Jenvey.
  Make tell() mark CRLF as a newline.
  With unit test.
........
  r58242 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 10:55:47 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix typo and double word.
........
  r58245 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 10:59:28 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1196: document default radix for int().
........
  r58247 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 11:08:24 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1177: accept 2xx responses for https too, not only http.
........
  r58249 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 16:45:51 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Remove stray odd character; grammar fix
........
  r58250 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 16:46:28 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Typo fix
........
  r58251 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 17:09:42 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Add various items
........
  r58268 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 22:34:45 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to flush and close logic to fix #1760556.
........
  r58269 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 22:38:51 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to basicConfig() to fix #1021.
........
  r58270 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-26 23:26:58 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1208: document match object's boolean value.
........
  r58271 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 23:56:13 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Minor date change.
........
  r58272 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-27 00:35:10 -0700 (Thu, 27 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to LogRecord.__init__() to fix #1206. Note that archaic use of type(x) == types.DictType is because of keeping 1.5.2 compatibility. While this is much less relevant these days, there probably needs to be a separate commit for removing all archaic constructs at the same time.
........
  r58288 | brett.cannon | 2007-09-30 12:45:10 -0700 (Sun, 30 Sep 2007) | 9 lines

  tuple.__repr__ did not consider a reference loop as it is not possible from
  Python code; but it is possible from C.  object.__str__ had the issue of not
  expecting a type to doing something within it's tp_str implementation that
  could trigger an infinite recursion, but it could in C code..  Both found
  thanks to BaseException and how it handles its repr.

  Closes issue #1686386.  Thanks to Thomas Herve for taking an initial stab at
  coming up with a solution.
........
  r58289 | brett.cannon | 2007-09-30 13:37:19 -0700 (Sun, 30 Sep 2007) | 3 lines

  Fix error introduced by r58288; if a tuple is length 0 return its repr and
  don't worry about any self-referring tuples.
........
  r58294 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-02 10:01:24 -0700 (Tue, 02 Oct 2007) | 11 lines


  Made the various is_* operations return booleans.  This was discussed
  with Cawlishaw by mail, and he basically confirmed that to these is_*
  operations, there's no need to return Decimal(0) and Decimal(1) if
  the language supports the False and True booleans.

  Also added a few tests for the these functions in extra.decTest, since
  they are mostly untested (apart from the doctests).

  Thanks Mark Dickinson
........
  r58295 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-02 11:21:18 -0700 (Tue, 02 Oct 2007) | 4 lines


  Added a class to store the digits of log(10), so that they can be made
  available when necessary without recomputing.  Thanks Mark Dickinson
........
  r58299 | mark.summerfield | 2007-10-03 01:53:21 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Added note in footnote about string comparisons about
  unicodedata.normalize().
........
  r58304 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-03 14:18:11 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  enumerate() is no longer bounded to using sequences shorter than LONG_MAX.  The possibility of overflow was sending some newsgroup posters into a tizzy.
........
  r58305 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-03 17:20:27 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  itertools.count() no longer limited to sys.maxint.
........
  r58306 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 18:49:54 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Assume that the user knows when he wants to end the line; don't insert
  something he didn't select or complete.
........
  r58307 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:07:50 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Remove unused theme that was causing a fault in p3k.
........
  r58308 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:09:17 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clean up EditorWindow close.
........
  r58309 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:53:07 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  textView cleanup. Patch 1718043 Tal Einat.

  M    idlelib/EditorWindow.py
  M    idlelib/aboutDialog.py
  M    idlelib/textView.py
  M    idlelib/NEWS.txt
........
  r58310 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 20:11:12 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  configDialog cleanup. Patch 1730217 Tal Einat.
........
  r58311 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-03 23:00:48 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Coverity #151: Remove deadcode.

  All this code already exists above starting at line 653.
........
  r58325 | fred.drake | 2007-10-04 19:46:12 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  wrap lines to <80 characters before fixing errors
........
  r58326 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-04 19:47:07 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  Add __asdict__() to NamedTuple and refine the docs.
  Add maxlen support to deque() and fixup docs.
  Partially fix __reduce__().  The None as a third arg was no longer supported.
  Still needs work on __reduce__() to handle recursive inputs.
........
  r58327 | fred.drake | 2007-10-04 19:48:32 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  move descriptions of ac_(in|out)_buffer_size to the right place
  http://bugs.python.org/issue1053
........
  r58329 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 20:39:17 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  dict could be NULL, so we need to XDECREF.
  Fix a compiler warning about passing a PyTypeObject* instead of PyObject*.
........
  r58330 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 20:41:19 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix Coverity #158: Check the correct variable.
........
  r58332 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 22:01:38 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  Fix Coverity #159.

  This code was broken if save() returned a negative number since i contained
  a boolean value and then we compared i < 0 which should never be true.

  Will backport (assuming it's necessary)
........
  r58334 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 22:29:17 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add a note about fixing some more warnings found by Coverity.
........
  r58338 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-05 12:07:31 -0700 (Fri, 05 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Restore BEGIN/END THREADS macros which were squashed in the previous checkin
........
  r58343 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 00:48:10 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Stab in the dark attempt to fix the test_bsddb3 failure on sparc and S-390
  ubuntu buildbots.
........
  r58344 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 00:51:59 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Allows BerkeleyDB 4.6.x >= 4.6.21 for the bsddb module.
........
  r58348 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 08:47:37 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Use the host the author likely meant in the first place.  pop.gmail.com is
  reliable.  gmail.org is someones personal domain.
........
  r58351 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-06 12:16:28 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Ensure that this test will pass even if another test left an unwritable TESTFN.
  Also use the safe unlink in test_support instead of rolling our own here.
........
  r58368 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 00:50:24 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  #1123: fix the docs for the str.split(None, sep) case.
  Also expand a few other methods' docs, which had more info in the deprecated string module docs.
........
  r58369 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 01:06:05 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Update docstring of sched, also remove an unused assignment.
........
  r58370 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 02:14:28 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Add comments to NamedTuple code.
  Let the field spec be either a string or a non-string sequence (suggested by Martin Blais with use cases).
  Improve the error message in the case of a SyntaxError (caused by a duplicate field name).
........
  r58371 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 02:56:29 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Missed a line in the docs
........
  r58372 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 03:11:51 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Better variable names
........
  r58376 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 07:12:47 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  #1199: docs for tp_as_{number,sequence,mapping}, by Amaury Forgeot d'Arc.
  No need to merge this to py3k!
........
  r58380 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 14:26:58 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Eliminate camelcase function name
........
  r58381 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-08 16:23:03 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Eliminate camelcase function name
........
  r58382 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 18:36:23 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Make the error messages more specific
........
  r58384 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-08 23:02:21 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 10 lines

  Splits Modules/_bsddb.c up into bsddb.h and _bsddb.c and adds a C API
  object available as bsddb.db.api.  This is based on the patch submitted
  by Duncan Grisby here:
    http://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=1551895&group_id=13900&atid=313900
  See this thread for additional info:
    http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=E1GAVDK-0002rk-Iw%40apasphere.com&forum_name=pybsddb-users

  It also cleans up the code a little by removing some ifdef/endifs for
  python prior to 2.1 and for unsupported Berkeley DB <= 3.2.
........
  r58385 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-08 23:50:43 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix a double free when positioning a database cursor to a non-existant
  string key (and probably a few other situations with string keys).
  This was reported with a patch as pybsddb sourceforge bug 1708868 by
  jjjhhhlll at gmail.
........
  r58386 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-09 00:19:11 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Use the highest cPickle protocol in bsddb.dbshelve.  This comes from
  sourceforge pybsddb patch 1551443 by w_barnes.
........
  r58394 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-09 11:26:02 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  remove another sleepycat reference
........
  r58396 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 12:31:30 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Allow interrupt only when executing user code in subprocess
  Patch 1225 Tal Einat modified from IDLE-Spoon.
........
  r58399 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-09 17:07:50 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Remove file-level typedefs that were inconsistently used throughout the file.
  Just move over to the public API names.

  Closes issue1238.
........
  r58401 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-09 17:26:46 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Accept Jim Jewett's api suggestion to use None instead of -1 to indicate unbounded deques.
........
  r58403 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 17:55:40 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Allow cursor color change w/o restart. Patch 1725576 Tal Einat.
........
  r58404 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 18:06:47 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  show paste if > 80 columns.  Patch 1659326 Tal Einat.
........
  r58415 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-11 12:51:32 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  On OS X, use os.uname() instead of gestalt.sysv(...) to get the
  operating system version.  This allows to use ctypes when Python
  was configured with --disable-toolbox-glue.
........
  r58419 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:01 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get rid of warning about not being able to create an existing directory.
........
  r58420 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:30 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get rid of warnings on a bunch of platforms by using a proper prototype.
........
  r58421 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:54 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Get rid of compiler warning about retval being used (returned) without
  being initialized.  (gcc warning and Coverity 202)
........
  r58422 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:03:23 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix Coverity 168:  Close the file before returning (exiting).
........
  r58423 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:04:18 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix Coverity 180:  Don't overallocate.  We don't need structs, but pointers.
  Also fix a memory leak.
........
  r58424 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:05:19 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix Coverity 185-186:  If the passed in FILE is NULL, uninitialized memory
  would be accessed.

  Will backport.
........
  r58425 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:52:34 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get this module to compile with bsddb versions prior to 4.3
........
  r58430 | martin.v.loewis | 2007-10-12 01:56:52 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Bug #1216: Restore support for Visual Studio 2002.
  Will backport to 2.5.
........
  r58433 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-12 10:53:11 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix test of count.__repr__() to ignore the 'L' if the count is a long
........
  r58434 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-12 11:44:06 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fixes http://bugs.python.org/issue1233 - bsddb.dbshelve.DBShelf.append
  was useless due to inverted logic.  Also adds a test case for RECNO dbs
  to test_dbshelve.
........
  r58445 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-13 06:20:03 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix email example.
........
  r58450 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-13 16:02:05 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix an uncollectable reference leak in bsddb.db.DBShelf.append
........
  r58453 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-13 17:18:40 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 8 lines

  Let the O/S supply a port if none of the default ports can be used.
  This should make the tests more robust at the expense of allowing
  tests to be sloppier by not requiring them to cleanup after themselves.
  (It will legitamitely help when running two test suites simultaneously
  or if another process is already using one of the predefined ports.)

  Also simplifies (slightLy) the exception handling elsewhere.
........
  r58459 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-14 11:30:21 -0700 (Sun, 14 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Don't raise a string exception, they don't work anymore.
........
  r58460 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-14 11:40:37 -0700 (Sun, 14 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Use unittest for assertions
........
  r58468 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-15 00:48:35 -0700 (Mon, 15 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  test_bigbits was not testing what it seemed to.
........
  r58471 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-15 08:54:11 -0700 (Mon, 15 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Change a PyErr_Print() into a PyErr_Clear(),
  per discussion in issue 1031213.
........
  r58500 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-16 12:18:30 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Improve error messages
........
  r58506 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-16 14:28:32 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  More docs, error messages, and tests
........
  r58507 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-16 15:58:03 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add items
........
  r58508 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-16 16:24:06 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Remove ``:const:`` notation on None in parameter list.  Since the markup is not
  rendered for parameters it just showed up as ``:const:`None` `` in the output.
........
  r58509 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-16 16:26:45 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Re-order some functions whose parameters differ between PyObject and const char
  * so that they are next to each other.
........
  r58522 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-17 11:46:37 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix the overflow checking of list_repeat.
  Introduce overflow checking into list_inplace_repeat.

  Backport candidate, possibly.
........
  r58530 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-17 20:16:03 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 7 lines


  Issue #1580738.  When HTTPConnection reads the whole stream with read(),
  it closes itself.  When the stream is read in several calls to read(n),
  it should behave in the same way if HTTPConnection knows where the end
  of the stream is (through self.length).  Added a test case for this
  behaviour.
........
  r58531 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-17 20:44:48 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 3 lines


  Issue 1289, just a typo.
........
  r58532 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 00:56:54 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  cleanup test_dbtables to use mkdtemp.  cleanup dbtables to pass txn as a
  keyword argument whenever possible to avoid bugs and confusion.  (dbtables.py
  line 447 self.db.get using txn as a non-keyword was an actual bug due to this)
........
  r58533 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 01:34:20 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix a weird bug in dbtables: if it chose a random rowid string that contained
  NULL bytes it would cause the database all sorts of problems in the future
  leading to very strange random failures and corrupt dbtables.bsdTableDb dbs.
........
  r58534 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 09:32:02 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  A cleaner fix than the one committed last night.  Generate random rowids that
  do not contain null bytes.
........
  r58537 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 10:17:57 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  mention bsddb fixes.
........
  r58538 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-18 14:13:06 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Remove useless warning
........
  r58539 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-19 00:31:20 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  squelch the warning that this test is supposed to trigger.
........
  r58542 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-19 05:32:39 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clarify wording for apply().
........
  r58544 | mark.summerfield | 2007-10-19 05:48:17 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Added a cross-ref to each other.
........
  r58545 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-19 10:38:49 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  #1284: "S" means "seen", not unread.
........
  r58548 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-19 11:11:41 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix ctypes on 32-bit systems when Python is configured --with-system-ffi.
  See also https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/72505.

  Ported from release25-maint branch.
........
  r58550 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-19 12:25:57 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 8 lines


  The constructor from tuple was way too permissive: it allowed bad
  coefficient numbers, floats in the sign, and other details that
  generated directly the wrong number in the best case, or triggered
  misfunctionality in the alorithms.

  Test cases added for these issues. Thanks Mark Dickinson.
........
  r58559 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 06:22:53 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix code being interpreted as a target.
........
  r58561 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 06:36:24 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Document new "cmdoption" directive.
........
  r58562 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 08:21:22 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Make a path more Unix-standardy.
........
  r58564 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 10:51:39 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Document new directive "envvar".
........
  r58567 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:08:14 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  * Add new toplevel chapter, "Using Python." (how to install,
    configure and setup python on different platforms -- at least
    in theory.)
  * Move the Python on Mac docs in that chapter.
  * Add a new chapter about the command line invocation, by stargaming.
........
  r58568 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:33:20 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Change title, for now.
........
  r58569 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:39:25 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add entry to ACKS.
........
  r58570 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 12:05:45 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clarify -E docs.
........
  r58571 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 12:08:36 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Even more clarification.
........
  r58572 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:25:37 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix protocol name
........
  r58573 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:35:18 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Various items
........
  r58574 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:39:35 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Use correct header line
........
  r58576 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-21 02:14:15 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Add a crasher for the long-standing issue with closing a file
  while another thread uses it.
........
  r58577 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:01:56 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Remove duplicate crasher.
........
  r58578 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:24:20 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Unify "byte code" to "bytecode". Also sprinkle :term: markup for it.
........
  r58579 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:32:54 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add markup to new function descriptions.
........
  r58580 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:45:46 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for descriptors.
........
  r58581 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:46:24 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Unify "file-descriptor" to "file descriptor".
........
  r58582 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:52:38 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term: for generators.
........
  r58583 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 05:10:28 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for iterator.
........
  r58584 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 05:15:05 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for "new-style class".
........
  r58588 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-21 21:47:54 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add Chris Monson so he can edit PEPs.
........
  r58594 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-22 09:27:19 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Issue #1307, patch by Derek Shockey.
  When "MAIL" is received without args, an exception happens instead of
  sending a 501 syntax error response.
........
  r58598 | travis.oliphant | 2007-10-22 19:40:56 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add phuang patch from Issue 708374 which adds offset parameter to mmap module.
........
  r58601 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-22 22:44:27 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Bug #1313, fix typo (wrong variable name) in example.
........
  r58609 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-23 11:21:35 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Update Pygments version from externals.
........
  r58618 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-23 12:25:41 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Issue 1307 by Derek Shockey, fox the same bug for RCPT.
  Neal: please backport!
........
  r58620 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 13:37:41 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Shorter name for namedtuple()
........
  r58621 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-23 13:55:47 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Update name
........
  r58622 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 14:23:07 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fixup news entry
........
  r58623 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 18:28:33 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Optimize sum() for integer and float inputs.
........
  r58624 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 19:05:51 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fixup error return and add support for intermixed ints and floats/
........
  r58628 | vinay.sajip | 2007-10-24 03:47:06 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Bug #1321: Fixed logic error in TimedRotatingFileHandler.__init__()
........
  r58641 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-24 12:11:08 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 4 lines


  Issue 1290.  CharacterData.__repr__ was constructing a string
  in response that keeped having a non-ascii character.
........
  r58643 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-24 12:50:45 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Added unittest for calling a function with paramflags (backport from py3k branch).
........
  r58645 | matthias.klose | 2007-10-24 13:00:44 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  - Build using system ffi library on arm*-linux*.
........
  r58651 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-24 14:40:38 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Bug #1287: make os.environ.pop() work as expected.
........
  r58652 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-24 19:26:58 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Missing DECREFs
........
  r58653 | matthias.klose | 2007-10-24 23:37:24 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  - Build using system ffi library on arm*-linux*, pass --with-system-ffi to CONFIG_ARGS
........
  r58655 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-25 12:47:32 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  ffi_type_longdouble may be already #defined.
  See issue 1324.
........
  r58656 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-25 15:43:45 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Correct an ancient bug in an unused path by removing that path: register() is
  now idempotent.
........
  r58660 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-25 17:10:09 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  1. Add comments to provide top-level documentation.
  2. Refactor to use more descriptive names.
  3. Enhance tests in main().
........
  r58675 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-26 11:30:41 -0700 (Fri, 26 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix new pop() method on os.environ on ignorecase-platforms.
........
  r58696 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-27 15:32:21 -0700 (Sat, 27 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Update URL for Pygments.  0.8.1 is no longer available
........
  r58697 | hyeshik.chang | 2007-10-28 04:19:02 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  - Add support for FreeBSD 8 which is recently forked from FreeBSD 7.
  - Regenerate IN module for most recent maintenance tree of FreeBSD 6 and 7.
........
  r58698 | hyeshik.chang | 2007-10-28 05:38:09 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Enable platform-specific tweaks for FreeBSD 8 (exactly same to FreeBSD 7's yet)
........
  r58700 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-28 12:03:59 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add confirmation dialog before printing.  Patch 1717170 Tal Einat.
........
  r58706 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-29 13:52:45 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Patch 1353 by Jacob Winther.
  Add mp4 mapping to mimetypes.py.
........
  r58709 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-29 15:15:05 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  Backport fixes for the code that decodes octal escapes (and for PyString
  also hex escapes) -- this was reaching beyond the end of the input string
  buffer, even though it is not supposed to be \0-terminated.
  This has no visible effect but is clearly the correct thing to do.
  (In 3.0 it had a visible effect after removing ob_sstate from PyString.)
........
  r58710 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-29 19:38:54 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  check in Tal Einat's update to tabpage.py
  Patch 1612746

  M    configDialog.py
  M    NEWS.txt
  AM   tabbedpages.py
........
  r58715 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-30 10:51:18 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Use correct markup.
........
  r58716 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-30 10:57:12 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Make example about hiding None return values at the prompt clearer.
........
  r58728 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-30 23:33:20 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix some compiler warnings for signed comparisons on Unix and Windows.
........
  r58731 | martin.v.loewis | 2007-10-31 10:19:33 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Adding Christian Heimes.
........
  r58737 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-31 14:57:58 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Clarify the reasons why pickle is almost always better than marshal
........
  r58739 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-31 15:15:49 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Sets are marshalable.
........

---

# [<](2021-08-24.md) 2021-08-25 [>](2021-08-26.md)

