# [<](2021-08-19.md) 2021-08-20 [>](2021-08-21.md)

2,718,876 events, 1,393,169 push events, 2,167,513 commit messages, 164,152,636 characters


## [baneteasnow/baneteasnow.github.io](https://github.com/baneteasnow/baneteasnow.github.io)@[a7e6736ed5...](https://github.com/baneteasnow/baneteasnow.github.io/commit/a7e6736ed52b49c4118906c1dca4b00b2c695925)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 00:42:07 by baneteasnow

Update and rename _drafts/_ready/_no-date/some-we-love-some-we-hate-some-we-eat.md to _drafts/_ready/some-we-love-some-we-hate-some-we-eat.md

---
## [seanrichardson95/LS215](https://github.com/seanrichardson95/LS215)@[e1f1554728...](https://github.com/seanrichardson95/LS215/commit/e1f155472843cdb857af8bb71cacd6e5d40f1c92)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 00:51:39 by Sean Richardson

Create longest_sentence.js

"use strict";

function longestSentence(text) {
  let sentences = text.match(/\w[^\.\?!]+(\.|\?|!)/g);
  let wordCounts = sentences.map(sentence => {
    return sentence.match(/[^\s\.\?!]+/g).length;
  });
  let indexOfLongest = wordCounts.indexOf(Math.max(...wordCounts));

  console.log(sentences[indexOfLongest]);
  console.log(`\nThe longest sentence has ${wordCounts[indexOfLongest]} words.`);
}

let longText = 'Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth' +
  ' on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty, and' +
  ' dedicated to the proposition that all men are created' +
  ' equal.' +
  ' Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether' +
  ' that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated,' +
  ' can long endure. We are met on a great battlefield of that' +
  ' war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as' +
  ' a final resting place for those who here gave their lives' +
  ' that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and' +
  ' proper that we should do this.' +
  ' But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate, we can not' +
  ' consecrate, we can not hallow this ground. The brave' +
  ' men, living and dead, who struggled here, have' +
  ' consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or' +
  ' detract. The world will little note, nor long remember' +
  ' what we say here, but it can never forget what they' +
  ' did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated' +
  ' here to the unfinished work which they who fought' +
  ' here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for' +
  ' us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining' +
  ' before us -- that from these honored dead we take' +
  ' increased devotion to that cause for which they gave' +
  ' the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly' +
  ' resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain' +
  ' -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth' +
  ' of freedom -- and that government of the people, by' +
  ' the people, for the people, shall not perish from the' +
  ' earth.';

longestSentence(longText);

// console output
// It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before us -- that from these honored dead we take increased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devotion -- that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain -- that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom -- and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
//
// The longest sentence has 86 words.


// Assuming the last sentence is removed:
longText = 'Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth' +
  ' on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty, and' +
  ' dedicated to the proposition that all men are created' +
  ' equal.' +
  ' Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether' +
  ' that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated,' +
  ' can long endure. We are met on a great battlefield of that' +
  ' war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field, as' +
  ' a final resting place for those who here gave their lives' +
  ' that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and' +
  ' proper that we should do this.' +
  ' But, in a larger sense, we can not dedicate, we can not' +
  ' consecrate, we can not hallow this ground. The brave' +
  ' men, living and dead, who struggled here, have' +
  ' consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or' +
  ' detract. The world will little note, nor long remember' +
  ' what we say here, but it can never forget what they' +
  ' did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated' +
  ' here to the unfinished work which they who fought' +
  ' here have thus far so nobly advanced.';

longestSentence(longText);

// console output
// Four score and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.

// The longest sentence has 30 words.

---
## [bebrahimi891/eosio.contracts](https://github.com/bebrahimi891/eosio.contracts)@[789ed6f919...](https://github.com/bebrahimi891/eosio.contracts/commit/789ed6f919975ed7e0e502d0d03c118260b0d2f5)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 01:59:39 by Ebrahimi Bashir

Smart advertising

Hi, I am Bashir Ebrahimi from Iran. I came up with an idea for blockchain and smart contracts, this idea can be very effective and can be easily implemented for many jobs in the world and anywhere in the world. I have studied and experienced blockchains and cryptocurrencies for years to come up with this idea, now this idea is my dream and can even increase the value of your company. In return for implementing this important idea and project, I want to partner with each other and enjoy the benefits of a partnership with a lifetime contract, because implementing this project will always be profitable and efficient. And that for each stadium or team in which the advertisement is done, a token or a special Cryptocurrency is produced and paid to the companies that provide the advertisement by proving the shares, and thus the income, quality and number of advertisements. Increases and also the desired currency becomes valuable. With the implementation of this project, billboards will no longer be limited to one ad, and each billboard can be assigned to one ad from one company, thus giving more ads to the places where the ads are displayed, as well as increasing their income and thus fame. And the speed of introducing companies increases and their income also increases. This idea is very valuable and can save even sports clubs from bankruptcy in this situation of coronavirus and other cases and increase their income and even boost many businesses and companies and other businesses.
I wanted to name this idea smart advertising, because smart advertising not only on digital billboards in stadiums and other places, but everywhere and everywhere in the world, including social networks. And media will also be playable and executable. Smart advertising can be both revenue-generating. These ideas or advertisements can be in the form of a token or a special currency to be traded with.

By implementing this idea, it is possible to expand advertisements everywhere and everywhere, except for digital billboards on sites and everywhere, automatically and online, and this will help to generate more revenue and introduce advertisers, as well as to all displays. Advertisers also generate high revenue, which means increasing the value of blockchain and the value of businesses and their revenue and unlimited economies around the world.
And that for each stadium or team in which the advertisement is done, a token or a special Cryptocurrency is produced and paid to the companies that provide the advertisement by proving the shares, and thus the income, quality and number of advertisements. Increases and also the desired currency becomes valuable. With the implementation of this project, billboards will no longer be limited to one ad, and each billboard can be assigned to one ad from one company, thus giving more ads to the places where the ads are displayed, as well as increasing their income and thus fame. And the speed of introducing companies increases and their income also increases.

https://t.me/Bebrahimi891
https://twitter.com/ebrahimibashir3?s=09
My gmail : bebrahimi891@gmail.com

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d66bc5626e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d66bc5626e0916051d90ca68b8e26a61f71fc723)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 03:16:58 by Marko Grdinić

"6:30pm. I think the router broke down.

I guess I'll watch anime then. I was intending to play poker, but I guess I should rest instead. It is better as well, I should not be raising my stress level through that game. Let me watch Exiled From Paradise.

8:30pm. It was quite nice. But this kind of sci fi does not satisfy my soul anymore. I am yearning for some of the Simulacrum arcs that I have in mind.

But writing falls under the same category as poker for me. Trading is one thing as I can make it work with only a few hours of effort a week, and I only have to make 1 decision every two weeks on average. With poker I'd need to make thousands of decisions a day. The same goes for writing.

I cannot handle that burden while programming at the same time. Plus while I have 6+ years of experience with trading, poker is something I'd need to get good at from scratch.

I should seriously consider freelancing. A more flexible schedule might suit me better. Given what my primary goal is, I only need to work for a month and then I should be able to get back to research. Even if the pay is lower, it can't be much lower than the average which I'd peg at 6k per month.

8:35pm. But much with regular programming, the trouble with freelancing is breaking in. Sigh.

Well, I should keep cracking at it. I'll generate ideas and execute them. That should get me somewhere eventually.

8:40pm. It is impossible to avoid being a salesman in this world. I guess I do lack real world experience. But it should not be too big of deal to gain it. I am already gambling in a sense as I look for my opportunity. I keep trudging into the shadowy unknown.

8:45pm. Let me go to bed. It is one thing to get up at 11am and go to bed 12h later, but right now I've been up for 15h. The fun time is over.

8/20/2021

5:10am. This is insane. After today I need to get back to my usual sleep schedule. Is the sun even out at this point?

5:15am. Let me finish what I started and then I will be free. I'll finish the docs, deal with autocomplete and look for freelancing opportunities while those places I applied to make up their mind. Who knows, maybe like with Groq, I'll get a call back a month and a half later."

---
## [jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces](https://github.com/jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces)@[27dad877f6...](https://github.com/jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces/commit/27dad877f65029e3eddc8170c36e2463727d2c40)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 05:22:15 by Sree Prosenzit Kumar Sharma

A. Nauuo and Votes

https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1173/A


Nauuo is a girl who loves writing comments.

One day, she posted a comment on Codeforces, wondering whether she would get upvotes or downvotes.

It's known that there were x persons who would upvote, y persons who would downvote, and there were also another z persons who would vote, but you don't know whether they would upvote or downvote. Note that each of the x+y+z people would vote exactly one time.

There are three different results: if there are more people upvote than downvote, the result will be "+"; if there are more people downvote than upvote, the result will be "-"; otherwise the result will be "0".

Because of the z unknown persons, the result may be uncertain (i.e. there are more than one possible results). More formally, the result is uncertain if and only if there exist two different situations of how the z persons vote, that the results are different in the two situations.

Tell Nauuo the result or report that the result is uncertain.

Input
The only line contains three integers x, y, z (0≤x,y,z≤100), corresponding to the number of persons who would upvote, downvote or unknown.

Output
If there is only one possible result, print the result : "+", "-" or "0".

Otherwise, print "?" to report that the result is uncertain.

Examples
inputCopy
3 7 0
outputCopy
-
input
2 0 1
output
+
input
1 1 0
output
0
input
0 0 1
output
?
Note
In the first example, Nauuo would definitely get three upvotes and seven downvotes, so the only possible result is "-".

In the second example, no matter the person unknown downvotes or upvotes, Nauuo would get more upvotes than downvotes. So the only possible result is "+".

In the third example, Nauuo would definitely get one upvote and one downvote, so the only possible result is "0".

In the fourth example, if the only one person upvoted, the result would be "+", otherwise, the result would be "-". There are two possible results, so the result is uncertain.

---
## [mirmmujtaba/State-Farm-Distracted-Driver-Detection](https://github.com/mirmmujtaba/State-Farm-Distracted-Driver-Detection)@[4c843d267e...](https://github.com/mirmmujtaba/State-Farm-Distracted-Driver-Detection/commit/4c843d267e4f2b8eaa446265d296fa108fc20702)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 05:26:07 by Mir Muhammad Mujtaba

Delete README.md

We've all been there: a light turns green and the car in front of you doesn't budge. Or, a previously unremarkable vehicle suddenly slows and starts swerving from side-to-side.

When you pass the offending driver, what do you expect to see? You certainly aren't surprised when you spot a driver who is texting, seemingly enraptured by social media, or in a lively hand-held conversation on their phone.



According to the CDC motor vehicle safety division, one in five car accidents is caused by a distracted driver. Sadly, this translates to 425,000 people injured and 3,000 people killed by distracted driving every year.

State Farm hopes to improve these alarming statistics, and better insure their customers, by testing whether dashboard cameras can automatically detect drivers engaging in distracted behaviors. Given a dataset of 2D dashboard camera images, State Farm is challenging Kagglers to classify each driver's behavior. Are they driving attentively, wearing their seatbelt, or taking a selfie with their friends in the backseat?

---
## [ryan-jr/ryan-jr.github.io](https://github.com/ryan-jr/ryan-jr.github.io)@[6f06787897...](https://github.com/ryan-jr/ryan-jr.github.io/commit/6f06787897d900dd610e0aa1ea5d30eee0567021)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 08:39:41 by Ryan R

Create 2021-08-20-01-35-12.md

---
layout: post
title: Thoughts on Stories and Narrative
date: 2021-04-03-20-59-14
author: techenomics1
comments: true
categories: [Uncategorized]
---
A couple of hours ago I came across a post from a friend on social media claiming that they had made "$XX in 15 minutes!"" using HFX, or High Frequency Foreign Currency Exchange Trading.  This piqued a few parts of my brain:

1.  The econ part of my brain both for incentives and better understanding markets
2.  The comp sci part of my brain for trying to understand this programmatically (If you can do it programmatically you can make money right?)
3..  The investigative/research part of my brain that wanted to find out more.  

Pretty quickly I was able to figure out that the whole thing was pretty suspect, including the trading platform used, the company behind the trading platform, and the seeming structure/people involved.

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[cbf37d0371...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/cbf37d03718a5209d5039fad6cf1295266c15099)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 09:36:21 by robertxgray

Vampires are not (pure) lifeless undead

This cleans up the following undesired effects:
 - Rage and lignification potions are tagged as useless.
 - Wanderers can't receive such potions.
 - Poison ring tagged as useless while bloddless and other poison
   related side effects.
 - Kikubaaqudgha does not grant Sublimation of Blood.

[ Committer's note: Closes #2055. Adjusted commit message. Tweaked a few
  other vampire hacks in spl-util.cc. ]

---
## [htc-msm8960-dev/android_kernel_htc_msm8960](https://github.com/htc-msm8960-dev/android_kernel_htc_msm8960)@[46b07ef356...](https://github.com/htc-msm8960-dev/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/46b07ef3561fd88c8a96e8a0463091913791e328)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 10:39:25 by Will Deacon

ARM: 7449/1: use generic strnlen_user and strncpy_from_user functions

This patch implements the word-at-a-time interface for ARM using the
same algorithm as x86. We use the fls macro from ARMv5 onwards, where
we have a clz instruction available which saves us a mov instruction
when targetting Thumb-2. For older CPUs, we use the magic 0x0ff0001
constant. Big-endian configurations make use of the implementation from
asm-generic.

With this implemented, we can replace our byte-at-a-time strnlen_user
and strncpy_from_user functions with the optimised generic versions.

Reviewed-by: Nicolas Pitre <nico@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Will Deacon <will.deacon@arm.com>
Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@arm.linux.org.uk>

lib: Sparc's strncpy_from_user is generic enough, move under lib/

To use this, an architecture simply needs to:

1) Provide a user_addr_max() implementation via asm/uaccess.h

2) Add "select GENERIC_STRNCPY_FROM_USER" to their arch Kcnfig

3) Remove the existing strncpy_from_user() implementation and symbol
   exports their architecture had.

Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Acked-by: David Howells <dhowells@redhat.com>

lib: add generic strnlen_user() function

This adds a new generic optimized strnlen_user() function that uses the
<asm/word-at-a-time.h> infrastructure to portably do efficient string
handling.

In many ways, strnlen is much simpler than strncpy, and in particular we
can always pre-align the words we load from memory.  That means that all
the worries about alignment etc are a non-issue, so this one can easily
be used on any architecture.  You obviously do have to do the
appropriate word-at-a-time.h macros.

Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

kernel: Move REPEAT_BYTE definition into linux/kernel.h

And make sure that everything using it explicitly includes
that header file.

Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

word-at-a-time: make the interfaces truly generic

This changes the interfaces in <asm/word-at-a-time.h> to be a bit more
complicated, but a lot more generic.

In particular, it allows us to really do the operations efficiently on
both little-endian and big-endian machines, pretty much regardless of
machine details.  For example, if you can rely on a fast population
count instruction on your architecture, this will allow you to make your
optimized <asm/word-at-a-time.h> file with that.

NOTE! The "generic" version in include/asm-generic/word-at-a-time.h is
not truly generic, it actually only works on big-endian.  Why? Because
on little-endian the generic algorithms are wasteful, since you can
inevitably do better. The x86 implementation is an example of that.

(The only truly non-generic part of the asm-generic implementation is
the "find_zero()" function, and you could make a little-endian version
of it.  And if the Kbuild infrastructure allowed us to pick a particular
header file, that would be lovely)

The <asm/word-at-a-time.h> functions are as follows:

 - WORD_AT_A_TIME_CONSTANTS: specific constants that the algorithm
   uses.

 - has_zero(): take a word, and determine if it has a zero byte in it.
   It gets the word, the pointer to the constant pool, and a pointer to
   an intermediate "data" field it can set.

   This is the "quick-and-dirty" zero tester: it's what is run inside
   the hot loops.

 - "prep_zero_mask()": take the word, the data that has_zero() produced,
   and the constant pool, and generate an *exact* mask of which byte had
   the first zero.  This is run directly *outside* the loop, and allows
   the "has_zero()" function to answer the "is there a zero byte"
   question without necessarily getting exactly *which* byte is the
   first one to contain a zero.

   If you do multiple byte lookups concurrently (eg "hash_name()", which
   looks for both NUL and '/' bytes), after you've done the prep_zero_mask()
   phase, the result of those can be or'ed together to get the "either
   or" case.

 - The result from "prep_zero_mask()" can then be fed into "find_zero()"
   (to find the byte offset of the first byte that was zero) or into
   "zero_bytemask()" (to find the bytemask of the bytes preceding the
   zero byte).

   The existence of zero_bytemask() is optional, and is not necessary
   for the normal string routines.  But dentry name hashing needs it, so
   if you enable DENTRY_WORD_AT_A_TIME you need to expose it.

This changes the generic strncpy_from_user() function and the dentry
hashing functions to use these modified word-at-a-time interfaces.  This
gets us back to the optimized state of the x86 strncpy that we lost in
the previous commit when moving over to the generic version.

Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

ARM: 7450/1: dcache: select DCACHE_WORD_ACCESS for little-endian ARMv6+ CPUs

DCACHE_WORD_ACCESS uses the word-at-a-time API for optimised string
comparisons in the vfs layer.

This patch implements support for load_unaligned_zeropad for ARM CPUs
with native support for unaligned memory accesses (v6+) when running
little-endian.

Change-Id: Ifdf8207f2581f93870eb0e627f5d12f97c4be7cc
Reviewed-by: Nicolas Pitre <nico@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Will Deacon <will.deacon@arm.com>
Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@arm.linux.org.uk>

Conflicts:
	arch/arm/lib/Makefile

---
## [MelonMars/PSAW](https://github.com/MelonMars/PSAW)@[e6d15535f8...](https://github.com/MelonMars/PSAW/commit/e6d15535f8aadd3c37f765e07bf56a9f1ea1138e)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 12:10:25 by MelonMars

added love function, unlove function, and 2 stats functions

Holy shit this is getting decently easy now!

---
## [Dzankotnk/established-remote](https://github.com/Dzankotnk/established-remote)@[ca8bbec4c4...](https://github.com/Dzankotnk/established-remote/commit/ca8bbec4c448737468bcf1c4f91aa4b2524b784b)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 12:50:37 by Dzankotnk

Update Hubstaff readme.md

Hi, I'm an employee of the Hubstaff company, and we would love to be a part of your list. Let me know if you have any thoughts about this or what we can do to make this happen. Thank you!

---
## [darosior/plugins](https://github.com/darosior/plugins)@[0989ea0b7b...](https://github.com/darosior/plugins/commit/0989ea0b7be436445c8db65338cb6d02734c8ddf)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 13:00:20 by Antoine Poinsot

lightning-qt: add lightning-qt in-tree

This plugin was previously hosted at https://github.com/darosior/lightning-qt .
It definitely deserves more love than i can give to him at the moment,
so hopefully he'll live a longer and less buggy life in its new home.

It received contributions from:
- Vincenzo Palazzo ( vincenzopalazzo on Github)
- grazhopr on Github
- Richard Bondi (rsbondi on Github)
- William Casarin (jb55 on Github)
- Michal Rostecki (vadorovsky on Github)
- bruhhhhhhhhhh7 on Github

It was previously licensed under BSD 3-clause.

Signed-off-by: Antoine Poinsot <darosior@protonmail.com>

---
## [OliviaCrespo/Psychology](https://github.com/OliviaCrespo/Psychology)@[3c4e9920e6...](https://github.com/OliviaCrespo/Psychology/commit/3c4e9920e68432315733b47cb8575be3c813859a)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 15:49:29 by OliviaCrespo

Psychology

Psychology
I picked the norm of not picking the nose in public. I chose this norm because it is one of the many social norms that one should always observe as it reflects how hygienic and well-mannered one is, and failing to observe this norm would make people around have questions about person’s upbringing and mannerism. It is this knowledge that made me break the norm and see how people around me would react. The fact that I have ever collided with my teacher because of not observing the norm when I was young also triggered me to experiment and see what people would do now that I have come of age. I learnt this norm from those who were older than me when I was growing up. This includes my mother, who admonished me for doing that publicly when I was young and who also showed me how to pick the nose by using a handkerchief and advised me to do it in private. My teachers also played a crucial role in shaping my manners. Their lesson is the one that stuck better in my mind since they would at times reinforce the lesson by punishing violators of this social norm. Those who were older than me also taught me about nose picking. Though, I learnt from them mainly through observation.
I do not know at exactly what age the lessons stop, but when one is grown up, it is expected that they should know that nose picking in public is very wrong, just like other social norms that one is expected to know and follow.
I waited until I was in a group of people when we were having lunch and pretended that I had a blockage in my nose and, without using a handkerchief, poked my index finger and started removing debris from my nose and rubbing them on my clothes. It all started with one lady stopping to enjoy her meal and looking at me with a very disgusted look. I pretended not to notice that she was looking at me and continued. She tapped her friends who also stopped eating and gazed at me with amazement. One of them asked me what I was doing in a very disgusted tone, and, immediately, I pretended to notice they were looking at me for the first time.
I innocently asked what was wrong, and another lady said that I was making them feel nauseated with my nose picking. Another one asked if I was okay or something was wrong with me for whatever I was doing was not normal at all. I tried laughing the issue off, but they were all too serious about it. Some even stopped eating, and my efforts to convince them that it was a joke to see how they would react were ignored. I regretted causing the havoc and learnt how serious people took that norm. I also felt bad that they did not understand that I was simply joking, and I feared that I had ruined my reputation among them and that they would not want my company anymore.
From my point of view, I know I made them feel nauseated by my act as one of them claimed that it was a very unhygienic act. I am sure they also wondered whether I was mentally sound as such behavior is not expected, and I learnt that social norms are better to be observed than not.

---
## [Daelso/Warhammer-IS12](https://github.com/Daelso/Warhammer-IS12)@[edec93ab52...](https://github.com/Daelso/Warhammer-IS12/commit/edec93ab529d1555690fe96cedfbd639afee89a5)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 17:04:21 by PlinyPotterPhD

sob implementation and chaplain changes

A new job has been added. The Sister Elohiem. They are a Sister of Battle belonging to the Order of the Sacred Rose, marked as Elohiem. Half warrior, half preacher, they have willingly spilt blood in the Emperor's name and are one of His most devout and evangelical Sisters. They have been tasked with defending holy Ecclesiarchal relics and the Ecclesiarchy attached to them. Their main goal is to defend the chapel, the three holy relics inside, and the priest. Roleplay will be scrutinized. Requested by Nobel

The Abbot is now a Confessor-Millitant from the Missionarus Galaxia and has the privileges associated with it. Requested by Nick and backed by lore.

---
## [odonfrancisco/vote_per_organization](https://github.com/odonfrancisco/vote_per_organization)@[0a0844c121...](https://github.com/odonfrancisco/vote_per_organization/commit/0a0844c1215b8ca769e33bac5303918a2561601b)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 17:09:58 by odonfrancisco

finally completed entire app. holy fucking shit. this doesn't even feel real lol... but i already deployed to Kovan testnet. fuck dawg this is crazy. now it's time to do some heavy QA to ensure everything works properly before filming the demo

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f9b3035cf8...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f9b3035cf8a21135ad4737e19c37b2afef7fd3f7)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 17:56:41 by Marko Grdinić

"10:10am. Finally done with the winter prep for the year. This was done in record time. How did it take me in total, about 20 hours? Seems right.

I took a bath and now I am chilling with some ice cream. Life is nice. Did I get any email? A bunch and from the places I applied to. Let me leave them for later.

11:20am. Ok, I've recovered a bit. Let me finally get to the job hunt part of my day. I should not get my hopes up before I read the mail. For all I know they could be rejection letters.

> After carefully reviewing your application, we've concluded that your experience does not fulfill the needs of this role at the moment. And while your experience might not be a match today, that doesn't mean we wouldn't love for you to reapply in the future.

This is Jibble.

> While we appreciate your application, we decided to move forward with other candidates whose skills and experience are a closer match to our requirements for this specific role.

This is DuckDuckGo.

11:25am. Zenna is wondering whether I am eligible to work in the US - no, I am looking for remote work.

This probably won't go anywhere either.

11:30am. Let me look into freelancing.

https://www.developersforhire.com/freelance-programming-sites

Given that they recommending Turing, I am not sure what to think of this. Let me take a look at Toptal reviews.

Actually, I am Googling Turing reviews and they are all glowing. Clearly the company has a top notch PR team it hired with all that scummy money it made.

11:40am. Scummy or not, I might not have any choice, but to go through sites like these. If I want to freelance I'll probably make less than via full time work at any of the companies. So even if the sites take a large chunk it might be worth it for me to consider them only for a short while.

Those Turing tests were so bad though, that I can't believe they would have anything worthwhile to offer me. This site seems more professional, but I'll know when give it a shot.

11:55am. It is asking me for a mug shot. I remember having scans of my idea years ago, but I can't find them right now. I guess it is finally time to try out the new camera.

12:10pm. The camera works fine. I am surprised how much of a difference opening the balcony doors made. How do I mute the background?

https://platform-general-documents.s3.amazonaws.com/talent_headshot_guide.pdf?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAIJW2FJCP6QUE7XDQ%2F20210820%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20210820T100627Z&X-Amz-Expires=120&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&X-Amz-Signature=c043b154340c98b04115c2a9421423a495de92d88b3a1ee765628d7bc123e468

I am impressed that Toptal went as far as making their guide. This is promising of the site.

12:30pm. Sigh, I got my face to light up properly, but now the right side of my hairline is pure white. How do I deal with this?

12:45pm. Wow, it is really difficult to get the lighting right. I actually can't do it. I had the bright idea of opening my balcony doors and letting the light in. This is good enough for my face, but I can't make any improvement on my hair. I do not want to go with the picture I have here, but I do not have any choice.

1:10pm. Wow, I've just been repositioning for a full hour. I give up on getting the perfect lighting. I'll have to settle with my nose having a small shine and my chin being shadowed. I can't do it professionally, it is really harder than it should be.

1:30pm. This next part I need to do properly.

///

To kick off the screening process, please introduce yourself in a short 4 to 7-minute recording. This is an opportunity for us to get to know you better, learn about your skills and career highlights, and gauge your ability to communicate clearly and professionally in English.

In your video, please respond to the following questions:

What was the last project you worked on? How did you contribute to it?
How many years of professional experience do you have in software development or QA?
What are your strongest skills in terms of technologies and programming languages?

You can record straight from your browser – no app installation necessary.

Please note that you can review and re-record your video multiple times before submitting it.

///

I'll record a video using the camera app.

Let me compose it in text first.

///

Hello. My name is Marko Grdinic. I have 6.5 years of programming experience. During 3 of those years I was working on a programming language called Spiral, and so I am familiar with all the aspects of programming language creation such as parsing, type inference, code generation and partial evaluation.

I made the language all by myself to ride the next wave of AI hardware. The last project I worked on was a poker agent made using a combination of Python and Spiral languages. In Python I used the PyTorch library to define a neural net model and combined it with the Holdem game made in Spiral in order to train it. I was successful in training poker agents for games smaller than Holdem, but for the Holdem game I am missing computational resources and hence the project is on hold until I can get better hardware.

The work on Spiral is a part of my quest for AI, and I picked up many machine learning skills and am confident that I could replicate any machine learning algorithm by studying its paper. I have a broad familiarity with the field of deep learning, having extensively studied it, worked on an GPU based ML library for Spiral, and worked on agents trained using reinforcement learning.

In the last year I've become familiar with Python and Typescript, but my main speciality is F#, and I am deeply familiar with the .NET ecosystem. I am an expert in functional programming. I am quite good at programming GPUs. In the process of doing the VS Code editor support for Spiral, I've become good at dealing with concurrency. I know reactive programming and am able to make neat user interfaces.

///

2pm. One of my problems is that even though I am native level at reading and writing English, conversing in it is another matter entirely. I am getting tongue tied. I need to recite the above again and again until it becomes nature. Squash down the feeling of embarassment and just do it.

2:15pm. Let me take a break. I need to give my throat a rest. It is hard to recite the above. I need to somehow connect being in the zone conversationally and in writing. Having to recite from memory takes me out of it.

Interesting that passing the screening process for Toptal will net me a 500$ sign-on bonus during my first client engagement.

2:25pm. Huh, I think I forgot breakfast.

3:05pm. Done with breakfast.

3:20pm. Ah, I've been so distracted, that it did not even occur to me that I am supposed to be working on the docs.

Forget the docs. I need to deal with the Toptal challenge.

I wrote that huge pile of text down, but the problem is that my ability to recall from short term memory is trash. Yes, I have enough experience from my schooldays to state that with confidence.

Instead, I should definte the high level points and let the words come out of my mouth naturaly. I actually never did it in school, had I bothered my grades would have been a lot better.

Let me do it differently.

///

* Intro - note my years of experience.
* Spiral - note that I have high skill in PL creation.
* Demonstrate proficiency in both Python and Spiral thought the poker agent project.
* Note my F# and .NET skills. Note my ML skills. Note my GPU skills. Note that I am good with concurrency (note Rx) and UIs.
* Note familiarity with Python and Typescript.

///

Yes, this would be much easier to do than a recital.

3:25pm. But not so much that I can do it easily. I still keep losing threads and getting tongue tied. And right now even if it is 3:30pm I've been awake for over 10h.

Yes, I absolutely need to level this up. I need to improve my speech skills until what comes out feels more natural.

3:40pm. I want to take a break. Should I? I can conserve my throat if I change my recital to a whisper.

...Yeah, I am too drained to do the recital properly right now.

I'll resume the Toptal application tomorrow. Instead of doing the winter preparations I'll spent half the day trying to get a handle of this.

Right now, let me finish the real nominals section from yesterday.

3:45pm. I think I have a picture of myself taken for an id. It might be better to just scan that and then send it. Because the one I sent is poor. I'll keep this idea in mind.

Let me work on the docs for an hour or two and then I will be done for the day.

I am going to finish this job hunt thing by the end of the month if I can help it. The exact sum does not matter. What is important to icebreak. I should not hesitate to work for a few months. That will give me funds enough to buy the hardware that I need. Right now my situation is embarassing.

```
    iam_real*
    iam-
```

Let me do it like this in core.

```
modules:
    base-
    limit
    real_core*
    core-
    loop
    loopw
    am/
        utils-
        generic
        main-
    iam_real*
    iam-
    rm
    sm
    listm
    optionm
    dictm_utils/
        generic
        table
        realm*
    dictm_type-
    dictm
    monad
```

I should have done the core like this originally. Now the `dict` and `inv` nominals are available at the top level.

4:05pm. Let me cut most of the real nominals section of this out.

4:30pm.

///

Hopefully what these two do should be straightforward by now. Given an `ar` argument, they branch on each of its pair and record elements and index or set them individually. If you imagine that Spiral records are immutable maps then `record_map` and `record_iter` are the equivalent of F#'s [`map`](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-core-docs/reference/fsharp-collections-mapmodule.html#map) and [`iter`](https://fsharp.github.io/fsharp-core-docs/reference/fsharp-collections-mapmodule.html#iter) over them. If you look at the source code of Spiral, you'd find that Spiral records are implemented using F#'s immutable maps and the partial evaluator ops use these operations.

```
inl length' forall dim. ar =
    inl g a b = match a with None => b() | _ => a
    inl rec f = function
        | a, b => g (f a) (fun _ => f b)
        | {} as ar => record_foldl (fun {state value} => g state (fun _ => f value)) (None `dim) ar
        | ar => typecase `ar with ~ar ~dim ~el => Some `dim (length `ar `dim `el ar)
    match f ar with
    | None => error_type "Cannot get the length of an inverse array with no fields."
    | Some x => x
```

The length is actually the hardest of the bunch.

///

It really looks bad when I talk about F#, but then use the naming scheme of Haskell.

You know what, let me change it so it matches F#.

5:10pm. Done. The way it comes out is quite good.

5:20pm. I am thinking what comes next.

I am definitely going to get rid of the serialization. I geeked out over that last time, but I do not think I need to showcase so many different version of the serializer. I should also update the latest ui_holdem project to reduce the annotation burden in create args.

5:50pm. No, the project is too large to showcase. Tutorials are best when are on small and self contained example. `ui_holdem` is just a huge pile of interlocking code. No way can I explain it properly. If I went through everything, I'd never hear the end of it.

Instead of writing yet another section nobody is going to find an use for, how about I just settle the documentation at 2.4k lines. It is not a bad place to end it.

I just do not care. I do not care even about doing the autocomplete. I have a goal of getting a job, so that is what I should focus on.

Tomorrow, I should spellcheck the docs, and after that practice my convo skills. I need to be able to talk for 5m without stuttering. I need to close the gaps between my writing and my talking proficiency. After that I'll submit the video.

5:55pm. This is the way to do it. Freelancing is the best bet. Turing turned out to be a scam, but if I am having trouble applying to companies, going through this site should get me something. It certainly beats the grinding HU SNGs idea.

I could do this for a few months and then I'll have the money to upgrade my rig.

Most likely even if I had 3k now, I'd just be put on a waiting list for the Grayskull card. They might be selling it, but who knows what capacity to produce it does TensTorrent have.

6pm. This is something I can't avoid. I am going to have go through the hurdle of getting a job even if only for a short while. I should see this as an opportunity to plug the holes in my skillset. This will just be another challenge I will meet and put behind me.

Money has always been a thorn in my side. Because I did not have it, I could not begin trading properly. And now its absence is preventing me from moving on in my RL research. If I could have it I would need to worry about getting approval from those AI chip companies.

Being able to freelance means I can get it whenever I want.

Getting a job is a burden, but getting through it will free me to do what I want.

Once I complete the Holdem agent, I will never have to work again.

6:05pm. This is what life is about. I am doing things in the opposite order, but that is fine.

https://www.reddit.com/r/cscareerquestions/comments/6s569l/how_to_start_freelancing/
https://www.reddit.com/r/learnprogramming/comments/arxfnf/how_did_you_make_your_first_20_freelancing/

https://vimeo.com/22053820
Fuck you. Pay me.

Let me watch this and then I'll close for the day.

7:25pm.

> Upwork facilitates everything involving contracts and getting paid. They have a decreasing scale that starts at them taking a 20% cut of the work (I just charge more to offset that 20%). If you want to see how Upwork's cut works, check out this chart I made:

A lot of talk about Upwork here. 20% seems quite reasonable.

You know what, tomorrow I am going to post on the /r/cscareerquestions and ask them to rate my resume and give me advice. I am very strong in certain areas, but there is no doubt that I am weak in others.

7:35pm. I've wasted too much time in the last week. I know I am entering a new domain, but it is time that I get a grip. Signing up for a freelancing service was the right instinct, I was just unlucky to get Turing as my first pick. I should try that again. Rather than lying on my resume, since I am selling myself I'd be more fine with lowering my prices until I get a buyer.

But my instinct is also that with my skills and talent I should be able to command high prices.

I am going to figure out what the holes in my skillset are and plug them.

Right now my biggest problem is that I can't anticipate what kind of work my potential clients will want me to do for them. Without that, I don't know what my true value is. And neither do I know what I need to study in order to improve.

7:50pm. Let me close here. Tomorrow, I am going to borrow the power of Reddit. And get that recital practice done.

I'll grammar check the docs, but forget about any further work on either it or the language. Autocomplete can wait. I need to prioritize what is really important. I am going to assume that my job applications will fall through. There is also the possibility that I could make more freelancing.

That one post online said that Toptal programmers cost between 8k to 20k a month. This readjusts my prior. Previously I thought it was just Indians competing for dollar an hour wages.

I mean, if I could charge that much, that would really be worth working towards. With my trading skills I could make 10x yearly in half the time it would take an ordinary programmer making the same salary.

7:55pm. I should warm up towards this. Working as hard as I have will eventually let me reach my goals."

---
## [crystalunity/crystalunity](https://github.com/crystalunity/crystalunity)@[4a0e7f576d...](https://github.com/crystalunity/crystalunity/commit/4a0e7f576d52a96d2118c6bd54bf4fdec1e8cc50)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 18:10:58 by crystalunity

Fourth time of the day, 'evening' implemented

Morning: 6 hours, 4:00 AM–9:59 AM
Day: 7 hours, 10:00 AM–4:59 PM
Evening: 3 hours, 5:00 PM–7:59 PM
Night: 8 hours, 8:00 PM–3:59 AM

---
## [ymendel/dotfiles](https://github.com/ymendel/dotfiles)@[118eeb957c...](https://github.com/ymendel/dotfiles/commit/118eeb957c6780f2510e96f80555c2161790d304)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 20:41:29 by Yossef Mendelssohn

add `updot` command

This is not at all a bad idea for how the dotfiles should be updated.
However, since I love the `dot` command (out of graphviz), I have to
give it a different name. This one works, in a silly way.

---
## [project-error/cfa-gui](https://github.com/project-error/cfa-gui)@[6cec44be3f...](https://github.com/project-error/cfa-gui/commit/6cec44be3fc3935901e0b1a4ce1041960711e715)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 20:44:01 by Christopher

center this shit, god I hate this

why am I even awake, so bored

---
## [kittstone/AxionFunkin](https://github.com/kittstone/AxionFunkin)@[9c0ed9b6ba...](https://github.com/kittstone/AxionFunkin/commit/9c0ed9b6ba852dddc4409c9b9773a10835d73d09)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 20:53:49 by kittstone

dumb fuckin stupid dumb bitch idiot dumb stupid little idiot dumb

---
## [Alansanchez412/GT6](https://github.com/Alansanchez412/GT6)@[f9a02a3b0d...](https://github.com/Alansanchez412/GT6/commit/f9a02a3b0d69029b890b6edbb88acb4edb9f8ba0)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 21:53:46 by Alansanchez412

My new events

Hello guys there are new events created by me.

== List of races ==
Granny Race: An event where cars from 300 PP or less are racing in the longest Nürburgring circuits with one lap added each.

Gran Turismo Memes 1: This event features the remakes of the Gran Turismo 2000 and the Historic Car Cup with the Ford GT40 from Gran Turismo 2 followed by a really crazy event where slower cars like the 2CV and Lunar Rover and faster cars like Red Bull X2014 and SRT Tomahawk GTS-R are joined in it.

Gran Turismo 2 Endurance Memes: This event features the replicas in the v1.0 version of the Trial Mountain 30 Lap Endurance with the BMW McLaren F1 GTR Race Car '97 being the alternate of the infamous Vector M12 LM Edition and the Special Stage Route 5 All Night with the Citroen Xantia (a city car) as a opponent

Heavy Duty Cup: This is a event only for cars that has 1650kg or more. This ranges from estates like Audi RS6 Avant, Volvo 240GLT to pickup trucks like the Silverado SST, Dodge RAM 1500 LARAMIE to heavyweight muscle cars like the Chevelle SS or the Superbird to even the large Jay Leno Tank Car.

Lamborghini Exclusive: As the name implies, this is a event directed to any road Lamborghini cars in italian circuits.

Myths and Lies: Based on the mexican youtuber XTalenT from the "Mitos y Mentiras" series of videos. This event makes a test about what happen if you restrict racing tires in dirt/snow tracks, dirt tires in snow tracks, snow tires in dirt tracks as well as dirt/snow tires in road tracks in terms of handling. Also we made tests about what would happen if you put the maximum 32-bit integer in Rewards list as well adding a event with Kart Space here meaning that you can race with any car instead of forcing you to use only karts as well as a event in where fuel drains a lot if you put 255 in the fuel multipler aside of editing the rivals to put upgrades of turbo in non turbo applicable cars as well as custom paint in non-paintable cars especially concept cars.  In fact this is a test in where both slower and faster cars with both normal fuel hybrid fuel and electric engine are racing in order who drains the fuel faster. In fact, the electric engines drains faster than regular engine fuels and slower hybrid fuels are durable so watch out if your opponent is a Honda CR-Z because he can complete the race without draining all of his fuel.

Gran Turismo All Stars (GT2 Remake): As the name suggests, this a remake of Gran Turismo All Stars from Gran Turismo 2 albeit with different cars that are closely similar to the GT2 exclusive cars.

*The following list it shows the cosplay cars from GT2 cars:
**Audi R8 LMS Team Oreca '10 - Audi TT LM Edition
**Pagani Zonda LM Race Car - Lotus Elise GT1
**BMW McLaren F1 GTR Race Car '97 - Vector M12 LM Edition
**AMG Mercedes-Benz CLK-LM - Venturi Atlantique 600 LM
**Chevrolet Camaro LM Race Car - Ford Saleen SR Widebody

Racing Cars in Economy Tires: As the name implies this is a race where rivals in racing cars are use Confort Hard tires based on the economy ones. This event is based on the Nightride's Gran Turismo 4 videos about race cars in economy tires.

Station Wagon Cup: A remake of Gran Turismo 2 event.

Evolution Meeting: A remake of Gran Turismo 4 event albeit added some cars that are not present in Gran Turismo 4  such as the Lancer Evo X

Club "M": A remake of Gran Turismo 4 event  albeit with newer modes such as the BMW M4 Coupé including it's special color variant.

Clio Trophy: A remake of Gran Turismo 4 event albeit with 16 cars instead of usual 6 opponents

Speedster Trophy: A remake of Gran Turismo 4 event albeit more easier than the original game.

Race of the Red "R" Emblem: A remake of  Gran Turismo 4 event albeit with 16 cars and featuring Nissan GT-R R35 cars.

Grand Valley 300km: This is a event featuring the history of the event starting from Gran Turismo 1 to Gran Turismo 5 according to rivals aside of ones that look similar to the cars from older Gran Turismo games.

Worldwide Car Cup: This is a event aimed at racing cars from various countries such as Japan, USA, United Kingdom, French, Italian and Germany.

Make sure that you have a modded PS3 with HEN and Multiman installed in order to do this process.

Credits to Nenkai and TheAdmiester with the GTToolsSharp and GT6 Event Generator.

---
## [mamedev/mame](https://github.com/mamedev/mame)@[efa6817d48...](https://github.com/mamedev/mame/commit/efa6817d480f65d97a2292dd7491b774952fd6fa)
#### Friday 2021-08-20 23:20:45 by r09

pc98_cd.xml: 16 new dumps, 21 replacements, sync with FM Towns softlist (#8436)

* pc98_cd.xml: add subtitles to some alt_titles
* pc98_cd.xml: 16 new dumps, 21 replacements, sync with FM Towns softlist

New working software list additions
------------------------------------
Chuushaki - Hirasawa Nurse School [redump.org]
if - Invitations from Fantastic Stories [redump.org]
if 3 - Invitations from Fantastic Stories [redump.org]
Kanako [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Kousoku - Yorokobi no Aegi [redump.org]
Moonlight Energy 2 [redump.org]
Record of Lodoss War II - Goshiki no Maryuu [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Tania [redump.org]
The Silent Service - Chinmoku no Kantai [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Virtuacall [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Waku Waku Mahjong Panic! 2 - Kokushi Musou [redump.org]

New not working software list additions
---------------------------------------
OS/2 Warp V3 - Nihongo-ban [sampson]
Moonlight-chan Rinshan [redump.org]
Psychic Detective Series Vol. 4 - Orgel [redump.org]
Syndicate [redump.org]
Yumeutsutsu - Dreamy [redump.org]

Replaced software list items
----------------------------
Akiko Gold [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Bacta 1 & 2 + Voice [redump.org]
Bell's Avenue Vol. 2 [redump.org]
Blandia 98 [redump.org]
Bounty Hunter Rudy [redump.org]
CD-ROM Bishoujo Senshi Collection - Yuu Disc Special [redump.org]
Dies Irae [redump.org]
El-Hazard - The Magnificent World [redump.org]
Hoshi no Suna Monogatari 3 [redump.org]
Jinmon Yuugi [redump.org]
Kono Yo no Hate de Koi wo Utau Shoujo YU-NO [redump.org]
Love Escalator [redump.org]
Making Candy - Oki ni Mesumama [redump.org]
Mujintou Monogatari [redump.org]
My Home Dream 2 [redump.org]
PILcaSEX [redump.org]
Psychic Detective Series Vol. 1 - Invitation - Kage kara no Shoutaijou [redump.org]
Sakura no Mori [redump.org]
Schwarzschild EX - Tessa no Seigun [redump.org]
Schwarzschild GX - Sabita Sousei [redump.org]
Watashi [redump.org]

---

# [<](2021-08-19.md) 2021-08-20 [>](2021-08-21.md)

