# [<](2021-04-11.md) 2021-04-12 [>](2021-04-13.md)

3,311,972 events, 1,658,007 push events, 2,722,943 commit messages, 195,914,131 characters


## [kylagelev/D3-challenge](https://github.com/kylagelev/D3-challenge)@[1909299cad...](https://github.com/kylagelev/D3-challenge/commit/1909299cad6f222f14de4c5b438802030ee8c012)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 00:11:26 by Kyla

ok

what the hell,, now my x axis flips to being horizontal!!!! gosh this is horrible... i hate this

---
## [MontyMango/BDHsolver](https://github.com/MontyMango/BDHsolver)@[a243db817b...](https://github.com/MontyMango/BDHsolver/commit/a243db817b47976c315fc0b5685273224c592346)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 01:02:35 by MontyMango

Actual v1.3 update

Alright so PyCharm was drunk tonight for some reason. But here's the actual changes

Changes:
> 1. Actual error checking instead of it crashing to create a file and having to relaunch it. (it was truly annoying)
> 2. It creates the setting.txt file now when the program is in use! (What a game changer)
> 3. Gender neutral and more professional response instead of a silly response (This will be changed with a setting in the future if you liked being called a mr. program user... I did too like that)
> 4. And another misc. file. Don't know what for but it I guess its for important stuff.

Anyways, this program is going better than I thought it would go as my first program. I thought that there is nothing else to do with it, but I was wrong. :)

---
## [SimonPGM/multivariateanalt3](https://github.com/SimonPGM/multivariateanalt3)@[368f2b0292...](https://github.com/SimonPGM/multivariateanalt3/commit/368f2b02922b00e6755e4407b75a6a6941593b80)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 02:24:14 by Simon PEdro Galeano Munoz

Properly defined function

Fuck you all motherfukaaas

---
## [BOTRyan/Let-sGoMarketing](https://github.com/BOTRyan/Let-sGoMarketing)@[cbce8056e8...](https://github.com/BOTRyan/Let-sGoMarketing/commit/cbce8056e8c15516c9e7689e46840e898d249195)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 07:19:36 by Justin Lai

Emails working. Also player placement adjustments

+ Emails work. Fuck you
+ PlayerMovement -> finishPlace was removed

---
## [Momonyaro/Sketchbook](https://github.com/Momonyaro/Sketchbook)@[bf1d3becd3...](https://github.com/Momonyaro/Sketchbook/commit/bf1d3becd3a76b532c78adc42f95500544dcdc90)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 08:40:44 by Momonyaro

Added a basic jump, kinda wonky but I'm gonna read up on it before redo.

Yeah so I do have a working implementation of the collision and all that but it does not want to jump on slopes and we have the issue of you kind of skipping down slopes which looks weird...

---
## [manelcamacho/blacktern](https://github.com/manelcamacho/blacktern)@[668c6ab40d...](https://github.com/manelcamacho/blacktern/commit/668c6ab40d581728d72845fc468c0a96747042e4)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 09:48:36 by manelcamacho

Updated to 0.6

Update of the name to BKT0_6, Blacktern 0.5 will be erased soon from the server so if you want to have it... clone the github now you damn bastard!.

This is said with all the love of the world!, which is not too much to be honest ;). Have a beautiful week ahead!.

---
## [LZakida/vgstation13](https://github.com/LZakida/vgstation13)@[0ea46ada8a...](https://github.com/LZakida/vgstation13/commit/0ea46ada8a12f4213b19960cbb26e576d2ec6f82)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 10:03:24 by L Z

Pursuant to server test

Found bugs, fixed some.

*removed erroneous '/' in defines for mime material. This is likely not the cause of the huge bug detailed below, but this isn't tested yet.
*fixed a few turf bugs on z5
+added missing light switch on the north outpost
*fixed some wiring issues on z3
+added missing items to ruskie satellite
+added hazard vest spawner to accommodate future additions. Currently only spawns the stock vest.
*probably fixed other shit I forgot to document

Issues:
!!Game Breaking Bug!!
Research-type machines that store materials (autolathe, protolathe, circuitimprinter, etc) FAIL to properly handle their material storage, preventing you from ejecting materials and in some cases preventing you from fabricating anything from them. the getMaterial() (materials? I forget it's exact spelling) proc is the offending proc, but we as of yet cannot figure out why it fails. This effectively makes R&D nonfunctional, which is pretty fuckken huge.

---
## [SpyrosTs/ManagementSystemTwo](https://github.com/SpyrosTs/ManagementSystemTwo)@[d3bb24f86b...](https://github.com/SpyrosTs/ManagementSystemTwo/commit/d3bb24f86b834c3a7a67fda2188dcfd3d75e3588)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 10:53:08 by SpyrosTs

Create README.md

Summary Of Xenocrates
Xenocrates is an application designed for providing companies with an employee management system to ensure better organization. Xenocrates is built in Asp.Net MVC with SQL server as database and JQuery for async Data Requests.
Xenocrates’ services are divided in three main categories  Admin Services:
Statistics for the whole company that keeps him up to date for his company.
View the count of the employees in each role.
CRUD Operations on all workers in his company, navigate to find every detail he wants about his employees
CRUD Operations on all of his departments and see specific details of each department
View all active but also finished projects in all of his departments with details.
Integrated Payment system with Paypal that allows him to pay fast with a click of a button.
Analytic payment history for each employee.
Supervisor Services:
Statistics of his department.
View Details of each worker in his department
CRUD Operations on individual calendars for his employees
CRUD Operations on projects
Ability to organize and communicate with Live Chat

Employee Services:
Communication with everyone on his Department with Live Chat
View his calendar to see his schedule for the month
View and finalize the projects assigned to him

Services Details: 
Paypal right now is integrated in sandbox mode but has all the potentials to go live. For the moment Xenocrates cooperates with the payouts service of Paypal API. Payment system for Xenocrates is built so it can protect Admin from making a mistake in payments. After an employee is paid, a message appears that reminds him that Admin has already paid the specific employee and does not allow him to pay him again for the duration of the month. After every attempt for payment, the system detects the status of the request and if it’s positive, it saves the successful payment to the system and stores it in employee’s personal data so that Admin can have a full track of his payments, otherwise system announces that was a problem with the transaction.
Email and Phone inserted for each employee is searched in global scale to check if they are valid so no fake accounts are registered. API’s for that include NeutronApiPhone and ZeroBounce1.
Security method that runs frequently to make sure that no inappropriate entries are saved inside Database
Live chat with implementation on SignalR technology that allows every employee of a Department to chat with each other in real time. Every Message is saved on database so it can be added to message history.
Calendar implementation with Full Calendar as base but fully personalized for the needs of Supervisor. Supervisor inspects the projects he assigned to each employee and depending on the work load adjusts the monthly schedule for each one of the employees. On the other hand, employee can only see his calendar without being able to perform actions to it.
Charts and Graphics with personalized vanilla Javacript and Ajax calls with JQuery to fit the requirements.
Mobile Phone is confirmed using Twillio with a Free Trial account. Mobile is inserted and confirmed at the first login of every new user. First an API validates that phone number exists and then a message is sent from Twillio with a security code to proceed with safety. To ensure that Twillio confirmation works fill free to contact Team Pyravlos so that we can include your number in our account cause Free-Trial accounts only send texts to verified numbers from the account.
Email confirmation is implemented with the help of built in methods that are provided from Asp.Net that allows us to send a new confirmation email to every new employee to be sure that their email is confirmed.

Back-End Analysis: 
Xenocrates is built with the idea of a main component that is provided with data and services from independent providers. Controllers do not have access to database or pull the weight of difficult tasks. So every controller has a data repository of its own and also access to a service that does all the tasks. Therefore the data repository for each controller is also divided into different groups depending on the type of data.


Separation of concerns was our main focus while building Xenocrates so we could have a lot of independent methods that construct a quick, maintainable and integrated system.
Methods that have single responsibilities so source code is easier to understand and leave a window for XUnit testing in a future patch so everything will be more controlled.

SortingAndFiltering repository and also a repository for the Viewbags were implemented following the data repository pattern. Everything that needs to be done so that the rule of “Don’t repeat yourself” and the separation of concerns is achieved.






Database Schema: 

Database was designed and created with a main focus, interact with Entity Framework Entities as little as possible because the complexity of entity with the keys that provides and binds its entities could be very dangerous for the stability of our database. We tried to normalize our database as much as possible so that everything could be manipulated without causing a tsunami of reactions. In most cases we succeeded that in dividing our entities to two main entities. The first one was the Application User made and protected from the Entity-Framework that represents the online profile of an employee and the personal details of an employee that in our database is recognized in the table of Worker. Everything except these two entities can be deleted or edited any time without any cost.


Problems we faced:
 We ran into different kinds of small problems:
Datetime manipulation and display
Convert C# Datetimes to Javascript Date
Manipulation of template we used for front end
But the problems that troubled us more:
Alpha version of Xenocrates was built around table of Asp.NetUsers and after adding foreign keys and relationships between the Frameworks entities and custom entities made from us the system started to complain because the keys assigned to Asp.NetUsers were exposed. So we had to start again and find the way to the final design of the database. That is why the folder is named ManagementSystemVersionTwo.
Full Calendar library was not useful to us so we had to spend some days reading all the documentation to understand how to manipulate it so it can be functional.
Thank you!
 Christos Lagos
Iliana Beikou
Spyros Tsamis
George Chatziadis
John Podogorianiotis

---
## [TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad)@[cf12c2898f...](https://github.com/TwinkleInstituteAB/MBBS-abroad/commit/cf12c2898f15254fcd0d66b2bb48317dfaab9b25)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 11:43:37 by TwinkleInstituteAB

Create Get your Medical Degree from Russian Medical Universities 2021-22 Twinkle InstituteAB

MBBS in Russia has always been the most preferred choice for Indian medical students in India. There are more than 10,000 Indian based medical aspirants that are currently pursuing MBBS in Russia in about 50+ MCI recognized Top ten medical university In Russia all over Russia. Every Russia Medical College is being listed and recognized in WHO (World Health Organization) list and also recognized by the Medical Council of India (MCI).

Between the year 2012 to 2017, more than 11000 students have come back to India after clearing FMGE, which clears states that more than 2,000 Indian medical students(on average) start their Medical Practices after completing MBBS from Russia.

MBBS in Russia being one of the most affordable destinations available for studying MBBS, thousands of Indian students make it a choice every year. MBBS Course in Russia is considered one of the most advanced amongst today’s peers and uses the latest and high-quality teaching methods and Techniques in the Best MBBS college in Russia. Also, considering the healthy relations between Indian and Russia, the Russian government has always made Indian students feel welcomed in their country. The natives of Russia are generally very cooperative and helpful towards Indians studying there.

MBBS in Russia focuses on wholesome and all-around development of the student’s knowledge in medicine as well as on the extensive development of the student in their chosen field of specialization. The Study in Russia for MBBS is amongst the best education in the world, with the student’s performance and progress measured against several parameters. The student is assured to become a successful doctor after returning to India. But it is compulsory provided the students should work hard and dedicate to give their 100% in studying. MBBS in Russia is already being pursued by thousands of Indian medical students who are satisfied with the high quality of education together with the low cost of tuition fee and affordable expense of living in Russia.

Although most of the MBBS courses are taught in the Russian Language still there are few medical universities in Russia which offer complete MBBS course in both English and Russian language which is an added advantage for the International students.

Russia has the most top universities, the level of these higher graduates universities in terms of percentage of the population in the world, so this is the reason why the literacy rate is up to 99% over there. The entrance to subsidized higher education is highly competitive over there.

As a result of the great significance of science and technology, Russian medical education, mathematical, scientific, and aerospace research is generally of high quality with modern methods of teaching.

Medical college in Russia are extremely recognized and hence the student can work anywhere in the world after completing their MBBS course in Russia.

The list of medical universities in Russia mentioned on our site are already recognized by the Medical Council of India where students can pursue and make their dreams of studying MBBS in Russia and the degree is valid all over the worldwide and students will be prepared for MCI screening test conducted in India every year for every MBBS graduate.

The idea of living in Russia seems expensive but actually, it is one of the best experiences of someone’s life. Being in such a beautiful and peaceful place is every student’s dream. Russia is not only the country of white people but the country of every individual, it is also the country of the good-hearted and educated people. As being the largest country in the world, there are many many things to explore for students in this country.

The population of

Russia, one of the biggest country in the world which has more than 4 crore and 50 lakhs population. Moscow is the capital of this beautiful and incredible country that have so many medical universities. The biggest city of Russia is none other than its capital that is Moscow. It is a very amazing fact to know that there are a total of nine time zones in the country Russia. It means that if there is a day at one corner of Russia then there will be a night at the opposite corner of Russia.

The whole campus of Russian medical universities is very well maintained and equipped with modern types of equipment and laboratory machinery. However, MBBS in Russia is very beneficial as most of the medical universities of Russia are recognized by WHO, UNESCO, MCI, and other world medical organisations.

As mentioned above, studying MBBS in Russia for Indian students is quite cheap as compared to any other country. It is not only the fees but in daily expenses, students can save much more as compared to other countries. It also varies and depends on the student’s lifestyle.

---
## [ck2plus/CleanSlate](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate)@[12c0cc4925...](https://github.com/ck2plus/CleanSlate/commit/12c0cc492575f2a7394182464f204739bebc8c67)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 11:53:59 by Whizzer

HF_baptism_events

Vassals who falsely convert in a sponsored baptism no longer disband their secret religious society they're leading
Restored missing tooltip in event HF.20048
Rulers receiving a mass baptism will no longer think of their lovers when considering offering friendship to their sponsor, instead keeping in mind how many friends they have
Moved mass conversion tombola random event delays to the tombola event calls instead, so events can always fire, all events now fire with a uniform delay
Child baptisms will no longer look for imprisoned godparents
The Fraticelli pope can now also baptise children the same way the Catholic pope and the Orthodox ecumenical patriarch can

---
## [facebook/Ax](https://github.com/facebook/Ax)@[1ec92fa78a...](https://github.com/facebook/Ax/commit/1ec92fa78a4ed7a83ddf9077fa71ff0fdfd70e62)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 16:48:38 by Lili Dworkin

Remove ridiculous encode/decode test

Summary:
I'm pretty sure that all this test has done is caused a great deal of pain. Has it ever caught something important?! Let's get rid of it.

[For context, what this test is *supposed* to ensure is that if we add a field to a user-facing object, we also remember to add the corresponding field in storage. While the intention here is good, there just isn't a clear mapping between fields on user-facing classes and in storage, and this ends up causing way more noise than help. Plus, I think if we forget to add a field to storage, we'll pretty quickly figure that out, because, well, it won't save ... but open to thoughts here.]

Reviewed By: stevemandala

Differential Revision: D27637492

fbshipit-source-id: 3096954da244b091119a52c49bf4936f93ab77f7

---
## [MrZeeQa/one-click-hugo-cms](https://github.com/MrZeeQa/one-click-hugo-cms)@[bb8669d5b8...](https://github.com/MrZeeQa/one-click-hugo-cms/commit/bb8669d5b8d1d234e4b18d2cbb19e4f5e3e439fc)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 18:35:11 by MrZeeQa

i deleted some things, fucking hell i'm tired of seeing this ugly ass
coffee template! i want the other theme that i like, not some coffee
type beanerie doo

---
## [terminalforlife/scripts](https://github.com/terminalforlife/scripts)@[3388cf8f68...](https://github.com/terminalforlife/scripts/commit/3388cf8f6861bb1801e68f739920c8aaf5b93b43)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 20:53:34 by terminalforlife

Add TODO for final list of `echo` calls

It's almost right, but it needs to be reworked. This is a pain in the
arse to achieve; I usually do this sort of thing in Perl, but I have
done this in various shell projects, such as AutoExec.

You'd need to get the length of each value to be displayed, then use
the widths with something like `printf`, because of its `*` (IE: `%*s`)
functionality, allowing you to set the column width/spacing
dynamically. You could use AWK, but it'd probably be easier and it
would certainly be more efficient to use the shell itself.

I recommend looking at AutoExec. Also, have a look at Shlides. Although
I've somewhat abandoned Shlides*, it's still going to be useful, with
regards to having a layout and maintaining it. Be prepared to scratch
your brain and do some math. Honestly, I'd revisit this in the
future, when you've gotten a bit further in your adventures. It was a
long time before I started doing these sort of things, because they can
be very complicated.

* Terminal can be limited, and it takes such a lot of work to maintain
  a layout, especially in shell, that I didn't have the willpower to
  pursue it.

---
## [terminalforlife/scripts](https://github.com/terminalforlife/scripts)@[eabd4ed847...](https://github.com/terminalforlife/scripts/commit/eabd4ed847e2b869bf601b49eb126e851d05cf4a)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 20:53:34 by terminalforlife

Rework & optimize `OS` variable functionality

I've left in a simpler(-ish) version using sed(1), in-case it's
preferred.

The loop method uses a standard `while read` loop I've talked about
almost religiously on the 'Learn Linux' channel, so feel free to resort
to that to see what I did and why I did it.

To summarize, however:

I've read each line of the file using the `read` builtin and by
redirecting the contents of the file into the loop (into `read`), using
the `<` redirection operator.

I've set an input field separator (IFS) for only this instance of
`read`, in order to delimit each field by a '=' instead of the default
of ' ' (whitespace).

By providing both `KEY` and `VALUE`, I've told `read` to assign the
first field (what is before the '=') to the variable called `KEY`, and
to assign anything thereafter (after '=') to the `VALUE` variable.

The `if` statement tests for whether the `KEY` is equal to the value of
'NAME' — in other words, whether we're on the right line. If the
condition is true, we're on the right line, so grab the `VALUE`.

Regarding the sed(1) method, I should point out that the method of
`/MATCH/!d` means lines containing 'MATCH' (REGEX) will be deleted. By
using `!`, the use of `d` (delete) is inverted; negated. It's possible
to instead use `/MATCH/p` if you're using the `-n` flag with sed(1),
but that's just more to type and a pain to remember, so it's not my
preferred approach.

The reason I used `break` in the loop is to avoid unnecessary
processing, which makes things more efficient, since at that point, we
have the data we want, so iterating over the proceeding lines is
pointless and wasteful; this is especially important with large amounts
of data.

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[18366ec077...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/18366ec0776bc8c1a5bf8f930418b27417a0f4c9)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 23:07:43 by Gandalf

HOLY FUCK YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO LAZY JESUS FUCKING CHRIST

---
## [thchha/dotfiles](https://github.com/thchha/dotfiles)@[e227b2a68d...](https://github.com/thchha/dotfiles/commit/e227b2a68d1b49d825efaa10ace024b4a9e03f08)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 23:20:16 by tomes

added my emacs config. Yail. But..
Even if its almost entirely like (n)vim, it does not fully satisfy me.
Magit is way slower then fugitive, and currently there is no need to
"upgrade" my tool.
Working via ssh/fs is wayyyy too slow.
i never experienced the annoyances with the mouse in vim ever before -
Though i think this should be customizable. But going throw every map,
unbinding the same key over and over again, is not in my interest right
now.
buffer-management does not come close to vim
line breaks are very inconvenient with (default) emacs.
Completion is more intelligent, but not slower.
Emacs just is not eye-pleasing and themes are incomplete.
Even though I can reach every call in emacs easily, i wonder why i need
to call it in the first place. I want to automate my workflow, not
manually adapt to my needs on the fly. I can archive this with a more
consistent vim experience by just using vim.

- the reason i visited emacs again was for impatient-mode.

---
## [thchha/dotfiles](https://github.com/thchha/dotfiles)@[b7857eefb0...](https://github.com/thchha/dotfiles/commit/b7857eefb09ee28b20a8048597f5cd02bd390614)
#### Monday 2021-04-12 23:20:16 by tomes

in the future: squash to with
e227b2a added my emacs config. Yail. But.. Even if its almost entirely like (n)vim, it does not fully satisfy me. Magit is way slower then fugitive, and currently there is no need to "upgrade" my tool. Working via ssh/fs is wayyyy too slow. i never experienced the annoyances with the mouse in vim ever before - Though i think this should be customizable. But going throw every map, unbinding the same key over and over again, is not in my interest right now. buffer-management does not come close to vim line breaks are very inconvenient with (default) emacs. Completion is more intelligent, but not slower. Emacs just is not eye-pleasing and themes are incomplete. Even though I can reach every call in emacs easily, i wonder why i need to call it in the first place. I want to automate my workflow, not manually adapt to my needs on the fly. I can archive this with a more consistent vim experience by just using vim.

---

# [<](2021-04-11.md) 2021-04-12 [>](2021-04-13.md)

