# [<](2021-10-31.md) 2021-11-01 [>](2021-11-02.md)

3,459,944 events, 1,761,397 push events, 2,602,258 commit messages, 222,694,848 characters


## [ValheruGR/BFME2](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2)@[1cc7d93ee6...](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2/commit/1cc7d93ee6358cf44e93a9121994eb52f072adc1)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 04:08:43 by Ecthelion5109

Ok a good bloodthirst fix. Now it's actually better than normal level up. But u gotta sacrifice more shit.

	-IsengardFighter Bloodthirst scam fixed: now you gain the respective rank armor/health bonuses, BUT, experience awards are not increased. Therefore a "canibal" level 10 horde is more efficient than a "experienced" level 10 horde.
	-IsengardFighter Bloodthirst experience earned doubled. Now you get level 10 by eating 2 uruks, from 4 without an actual positive effect. //Note that level10 damage/health are insignificant compared to orcs)
	-MordorFighter Bloodthirst scam fixed: now you gain the respective rank armor/health bonuses, BUT, experience awards are not increased. Therefore a "canibal" level 10 horde is more efficient than a "experienced" level 10 horde.
	-MordorFighter Bloodthirst experience multiplier set to 3.87 from 5.16 (09v1 was 3.5 and 1.06 was 2.5). Now you get level 10 by eating 4 hordes, from 3 without an actual positive effect. //Note that level10 damage/health are very significant compared to IsengardFighter.
		// to be considered
		//	lvl 1 ORC awards 20 exp. health/dmg 125/20.
		//	lvl 10 ORC awards 100 exp. health/dmg 255/47.
		//	lvl 1 URUK awards 45 exp. health/dmg 300/80.
		//	lvl 10 URUK awards 80 exp. health/dmg 440/115.

---
## [myd7349/byte-of-python](https://github.com/myd7349/byte-of-python)@[61f71eb0c7...](https://github.com/myd7349/byte-of-python/commit/61f71eb0c7f2eb2d43af092528a80c56530c2004)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 05:44:58 by Swaroop C H

Overcoming weird parsing by Asciidoctor

via reader email on 21-Nov-2014:

----
Hi Swaroop,

I like A Byte of Python very much, I recommended it to python learners many times, last weekend one
of them(actually my girlfriend) told me why not use the "self.class" attribute instead of the
__class__ that I have taught her. Then I found the misunderstanding was from the ABP website
http://www.swaroopch.com/notes/python/ , for all the double underlined words have become italic. I
guess it's related to markdown somehow, because we have meet the exactly same problem, which kills
a lot of '*'.

Just remind you, in case you don't know the problem there, and a lot of learners will suffer, for
this book is so famous :)

best wishes,
Dan
----

---
## [Morokite/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Morokite/Skyrat-tg)@[308b3c2453...](https://github.com/Morokite/Skyrat-tg/commit/308b3c24535c63035d6e228fe8b64aedd8a14283)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 06:09:42 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Removes "Singularity and Tesla for Dummies" manual book [MDB IGNORE] (#9042)

* Removes "Singularity and Tesla for Dummies" manual book (#62308)

This PR removes the manual "Singularity and Tesla for Dummies" from the game. It also removes it from the two places it spawns: Engineering in DeltaStation and an Ice Ruin.
Also this is my first PR and I have little experience with DM so please be nice
Why It's Good For The Game

The Singularity and Tesla engines were removed from the game a while ago, so having these books in game is unnessessary
Also, opening the book shows a huge-ass "Tesla and singularity engines have been removed!" message front and center.

* Removes "Singularity and Tesla for Dummies" manual book

* book burning 1984

Co-authored-by: malton33 <44654353+malton33@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Kat <evesovereign@hotmail.co.uk>

---
## [Mosley1f/Hyper-Station-13](https://github.com/Mosley1f/Hyper-Station-13)@[9128001aad...](https://github.com/Mosley1f/Hyper-Station-13/commit/9128001aad7c9c8209c0e1be0280a341d97ebe89)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 06:41:55 by Mosley1f

Revert all the shit dah did to NT

Fuck you nigga! Long live NT. If you say otherwise you're a faggot

---
## [petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo)@[cd5c13d71f...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo/commit/cd5c13d71f4b71a9d15fcbf297f8b7a8d80d7f8b)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 09:00:05 by petrero

46.1. Processing Streams by Hand for Fun & Profit

  As we've learned, each time Turbo makes an Ajax call, it listens to see if the response has a content type of text/vnd.turbo-stream.html. If it does, then the HTML is passed to the Turbo Stream system... and it works its magic. But in theory, you could grab some Turbo Stream HTML from anywhere and tell the Stream system to process it. And... it's kind of fun!

  Head to the homepage. This counter area is fueled by a Stimulus controller: the one at assets/controllers/counter_controller.js. It's pretty simple: click it and then it increments a variable and updates the text with the new number. In addition to doing this, I want to invent a Turbo Stream that adds a flash message to the top of the page.

  Adding the Stream Target to the Page
  - First, we need to be able to target the flash area so that we can put stuff into it. In templates/base.html.twig, find the section - I'll search for flash - and surround it: a <div> with id set to, how about, flash-container. Pop the closing tag on the other side.

  Manually Creating a Stream
  - Back in counter_controller.js, right after we update the count on the page, let's add a new variable: const streamMessage set to some ticks so we can easily create a multi-line string. Inside, we're literally going to invent a new <turbo-stream> with action="update" and target="flash-container". Add the template element and, inside of that, an alert success div:

    thanks for clicking ${this.count} times.

  This variable is a plain, boring string... but a string that has the <turbo-stream> format.

  So... could we tell the Turbo Stream system to read this and follow its instructions? And if so, how?

  At the top of this file, we're already importing the visit function from @hotwired/turbo. This library exports a bunch of other things, including a function called renderStreamMessage.

  Copy that. Down below, it's as simple as this: renderStreamMessage() passing streamMessage.

  Done! Let's try this thing. Head back over, refresh and click. Oh! That's so cool. We now have a dead-simple way to mutate different elements on your page from JavaScript. And more importantly, this shows off the fact that stream handling is a standalone system inside of Turbo. And so, in theory, we could get this stream HTML from any source, not just from an Ajax call. That will be important in the next chapter.

---
## [Scartak/lvl3](https://github.com/Scartak/lvl3)@[5a94f85f1f...](https://github.com/Scartak/lvl3/commit/5a94f85f1f3031deb76873fe0b7c8f87be0e2555)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 09:50:10 by Sarthak Negi

fixed navbar error

navbar would stay on screen after clicking on link on smaller screens. fixed that. took me 3 hours. absolutely hate this shit bro. wtf. why does coding have to be so hard. like bro wtf.. im glad i didnt smash my fucking pc while fixing this stupid shit

---
## [LemonInTheDark/tgstation](https://github.com/LemonInTheDark/tgstation)@[f7efec61a7...](https://github.com/LemonInTheDark/tgstation/commit/f7efec61a7d6f65325a0e0c3036e4dca42511908)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 10:31:44 by LemonInTheDark

Ok. This is a bit of a mess.
Converts the library console to tgui.
This comes with a few minor behavior changes:
You can now select what type of poster you want to print, instead of just printing a random one
It's now possible to heed the console's emag warning
The console's inventory page will fill at roundstart with the books in your area/if you're in a library, any
areas designated as "library like" in the map config
You can see what type of bible the chaplin has selected?

"Fixes":
You can no longer just dump books into the scanner forever

Implementation details:
Any input that makes a db request will now A: freeze up any other db inputs until it's finished, and B: Start a
1 second timer before any new db requests can be made
Of note, I'm handling html encoding in a very targeted way.
All book_data datums need to have html encoded values. get_title/author/content exist so a defaulting and tgui
appropriate version can be loaded in. This somewhat matches with the trusted var on set_title, it exists to
prevent double html encoding.

While we're here

Input/DB (Book data should be html encoded)
Inside book datum (Book data should be html encoded)
Sending to tgui (Book data should be decoded during extraction with the get_() procs)
Sending anywhere else (Book data should be html encoded, otherwise it's an xss vuln)

Uhhhh tgui stuff?
I'm using a custom theme for emag visuals, I'll get into that more later
The visitor and book management console share the same data/act pipeline, which is why they're parented/subtyped
They also share a page selection component, which is why the visitor's console imports it.

Uhhhhh
Oh right, fuck.
Ok so the page selection component is kinda cursed, the left and right controls are fine
But I'm trying to get a << < [page/max] > >> setup going, and that means resetting the center input past change
so the default value can be used
This ends up being slightly hacky. I'm sorry.

Oh also, I implemented a custom tab setup for this ui. I have no idea why it was literally like 5 months ago.
I think it looks pretty nice, but if you want me to nuke it I can. Sorry for any headache around this.

More tgui stuff next

---
## [barotto/IBMulator](https://github.com/barotto/IBMulator)@[fae57f3846...](https://github.com/barotto/IBMulator/commit/fae57f38463b4cfa87f2ebbe2b64b80b8ba1394c)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 10:53:50 by Marco Bortolin

Fix filesystem access on Windows

Closes #43 (hopefully, for now at least).

As it turns out, strings on Windows are a shitshow (surprise). They have
2 different possible encodings, both insane. While the entire civilized
world settled on UTF-8 (the only true encoding), Microsoft decided to
play a different game and now Win32 has ANSI and UTF-16, with a vast
amount of string-related functions with 2 possible versions (A and W),
selected by fucking macros. And on top of that delirium, filesystem
paths add another level of insanity.

---
## [avar/git](https://github.com/avar/git)@[3fc9b57673...](https://github.com/avar/git/commit/3fc9b5767380215b2a34b5bef16b8d2308012f50)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 11:18:21 by Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason

Makefile: replace most hardcoded object lists with $(wildcard)

Remove the hardcoded lists of objects in favor of using
$(wildcard). This means that every time a built-in, test tool etc. is
added we won't need to patch the top-level Makefile, except for the
few remaining cases where the asset in question would make it onto one
of our list of exceptions.

Ever since 81b50f3ce40 (Move 'builtin-*' into a 'builtin/'
subdirectory, 2010-02-22) this has been relatively easy to do (and
even before that we could glob builtin-*.c). This pattern of
exhaustively enumerating files was then carried forward for
e.g. TEST_BUILTINS_OBJS in efd71f8913a (t/helper: add an empty
test-tool program, 2018-03-24).

One reason not to do this is that now a new *.c file at the top-level
will be immediately picked up, so if a new *.c file is being worked on
"make" will error if it doesn't compile, whereas before that file
would need to be explicitly listed in the Makefile. I think than small
trade-off is worth it.

There's a few small "while we're at it" changes here, since I'm
touching the code in question:

 - Start splitting up the the "Guard against the environment" section
   at the top, but don't move anything that exists there out to avoid
   merge conflicts

 - The $(TEST_BUILTINS_OBJS) variable was needlessly complex, because
   it didn't have the full paths we'd pathsubst it back & forth.

 - Introduce *_SRC in addition to *_OBJ for the variable I'm
   touching. Eventually we'll want to do this for all the *.o files,
   i.e. make the *.c list a source of truth for *.o, which means we can
   e.g. use that exhaustive list for "make TAGS".

 - Add a missing "curl-objs" target. See 029bac01a87 (Makefile: add
   {program,xdiff,test,git,fuzz}-objs & objects targets, 2021-02-23)
   for the commit that added the rest.

 - De-indent an "ifndef" block, we don't usually indent their
   contents.

On the CMake changes here:

 - When CMake support was introduced in was introduced
   061c2240b1b (Introduce CMake support for configuring Git, 2020-06-12)
   there was a discussion about the maintenance burden of maintaining the
   top-level Makefile in parallel with CMakeLists.txt[1] where reviewers
   were assured that doing so would simply be a matter of adding something
   to a list in the CMake recipe.

   Between change and some recent changes of mine where the "vs-build"
   job failed to a divergence between the Makefile and CMakeList.txt I
   can confidently say that that doesn't at all match reality. Even
   seemingly trivial changes to the Makefile like this one are forcing
   us to do a deep-dive into CMake internals to make forward progress
   with our main build system.

 - The promised "We can add a (continue-on-error) to vs-build job to
   make this process less of a hindrance." in [2] never materialized.
   Since 4c2c38e800f (ci: modification of main.yml to use cmake for
   vs-build job, 2020-06-26) got a hard dependency on CMake as far as
   getting the CI to pass goes.

 - The "vs-build" CI doesn't actually require that there be no GNU make
   usage in the job, as it itself has a hard dependency on running a
   "make -n artifacts-tar" command. So as far as any vs-specific special-sauce
   goes we don't need a GNU-make free build system for vs-build.

 - The stated goal in 061c2240b1b of avoiding a GNU make dependency
   for developer because it requires an SDK that "occupies around two
   gigabytes" and "three quarters of a gigabyte worth of Git objects"
   hardly seems worthwhile trade-off given the above. Disk space is cheap,
   developer time required to maintain two parallel build systems isn't.

My attempt to amend/revert 4c2c38e800f to have it use the
pre-4c2c38e800f "make" invocation as a fallback failed, partially
because I don't have a Windows development environment, so any attempt
to change it is a painfully slow round-trip to GitHub CI.

Let's instead have CMake call out to the Makefile asking it what the
definition of various variables lists is, rather than being forced to
maintain those lists in a way that CMake can parse with regexes (which
precludes anything but a giant hardcoded list).

I could familiarize myself enough with CMake to do this in some
CMake-native way, but that would take "just as long as adding it to
the Makefile"[2] (I think that took me <5 minutes, but I'm several
hours into fighting with CMake), so I consider this a bugfix.

1. https://lore.kernel.org/git/xmqq8sikblv2.fsf@gitster.c.googlers.com
2. https://lore.kernel.org/git/CAKiG+9Xtof8Hj3npsS-M0SnT_dcjtHjP_+avWB4oOHkaMdnSbw@mail.gmail.com/

Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>

---
## [FadTheChad/FadBot](https://github.com/FadTheChad/FadBot)@[df1ebb29eb...](https://github.com/FadTheChad/FadBot/commit/df1ebb29eb2fbe927d24d3541c4e198bbe92f526)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 12:49:51 by Fad F

Fixed help utils holy fucking shit this was a mess

---
## [Strezless-Musick-Metadata/GitJournal](https://github.com/Strezless-Musick-Metadata/GitJournal)@[e127da4daa...](https://github.com/Strezless-Musick-Metadata/GitJournal/commit/e127da4daa927feccd333189d2270eeb92a4e229)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 12:53:34 by Sin Estres

Create Strezless Musick Metadata

I'm really very much new to this and I've been trying to get cleared from spamming wiki by accident to be honest. I'm just an indie artist who always wanted to do music and though all odds seem to be against me by nature you guys would'nt believe the crazy life I've expirienced which I'm working on publishing and getting it distributed asap. I wanna leave a book on this earth before I go be in peace with my dear mom whom passed when I was fourteen years old. I'll apprecciate the help from any kind person who cares. Thank you and look out for Strezless Musick Productionz coming soon maybe. Bye now.

---
## [TheBlackJ3sus/anypy](https://github.com/TheBlackJ3sus/anypy)@[bfa1f7cf1e...](https://github.com/TheBlackJ3sus/anypy/commit/bfa1f7cf1ef122b73f51ceb2b62f7ac51e36b4d7)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 13:30:54 by Kas

Update any.py

Still simple and ugly, but preparing for more control. I've also realized I may be doing something wrong with pywinauto as it takes away the users mouse for a brief second  to invoke clicks. Which isn't a big deal if you run this overnight or when you're not using the computer but annoying when you want this running in the background. Will try to find a way with pywinauto. Recent update makes initial progressbar detection slow, gotta see what changed or find a direct route.  Also..  I'm running this on it's trial version and I was able to crack the software to get around VM detection but I wont be be able to share instructions or the exported x64dgb patch. Just a note saying it can be done.

---
## [UtsavBalar1231/kernel_samsung_universal9611](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_samsung_universal9611)@[b44bb3575c...](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_samsung_universal9611/commit/b44bb3575c52e83593f751dbca132538fbae0f88)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 15:02:45 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: UtsavBalar1231 <utsavbalar1231@gmail.com>

---
## [TheLulaGoodwin/REST](https://github.com/TheLulaGoodwin/REST)@[4cd7364ca9...](https://github.com/TheLulaGoodwin/REST/commit/4cd7364ca9b339115c59ffa370404400e495c11c)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 18:43:05 by Lula Goodwin

yeah idk shit got fucked and I somehow unfucked it

---
## [ToxxyTheTrash/SimplyDarkFuchsiaDarkness](https://github.com/ToxxyTheTrash/SimplyDarkFuchsiaDarkness)@[dae7a31abc...](https://github.com/ToxxyTheTrash/SimplyDarkFuchsiaDarkness/commit/dae7a31abcbc8a661ee33ee6c201f4c2d3c97c2b)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 19:53:10 by ToxxyTheTrash

discord kindly go fuck yourself let me live in peace

stop changing classes you dumbasses i don't have time for this

---
## [Game-Kombinat/DialogEd](https://github.com/Game-Kombinat/DialogEd)@[8df703ff76...](https://github.com/Game-Kombinat/DialogEd/commit/8df703ff76e8b8041b864dca10296c25d73ea4f5)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 19:58:36 by Chris

Yeah, fixed some oopsies and some occult invalid memory access bullshit

* Resetting sub threads before running them: very important.

* Make message manager a transient UObject to leave the memory magic to unreal, it's best.

---
## [liner0211/ReClassEx](https://github.com/liner0211/ReClassEx)@[e4450bcf86...](https://github.com/liner0211/ReClassEx/commit/e4450bcf8673e3ffa3f05c87b3b1e03b970b6f1d)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 22:05:03 by user1

I added some changes to make the generated classes compile properly without having to be manually reordered.

Summary:

* When the 'generate' button is clicked, each class is added to a Class Dependency Graph, and each class that class references is added as a depenedency.
* There are two dependency types - POINTER and INSTANCE.
    * POINTER references can be solved with a forward declaration.  However, a simple reordering can solve that dependency and limit the forward declaration spam at the top of the generated file.
    * INSTANCE references can only be solved with reordering.  If class B contains an instance of class A, A must come before B in the generated file, no way around it.
* The graph is then recursively traversed - starting at nodes with no dependencies - with classes being added to the 'ordered' class collection.
* Circular dependencies (A points to B points to C points to A) are solved with forward declarations (C comes before B comes before A, with A being forward declared)
* The result is the output has fewer forward declarations and classes don't need to be manually reordered.  In my DayZ Reclass file (which inspired this work, because it takes me a lot of time manually reordering every time I generate the output) there are only 5 forward declarations with 356 classes.

Details:

The graph class itself is pretty simple.  It maintains a mapping of CNodeClass pointers to DependencyNodes.  Each node knows what class it represents, and has two vectors of edges - incoming edges (another class depends on this one) and outgoing edges (this class depends on another).  Each edge knows what node it points to, as well as whether the dependency is of POINTER or INSTANCE type.

Edges are generated by walking each node in a class and adding a dependency edge for each pointer, instance, instance array, and pointer array.  Parallel edges (duplicates) are not added, nor are simple recursive edges (a class has a pointer to an instance of that same class).  Other types (function ptrs?  Can we prototype those in ReClass?) may be necessary here, but these were all I could figure out without asking someone.

ClassDependencyGraph            depGraph;
    // Add each class as a node to the graph before adding dependency edges
    for (auto cNode : this->m_Classes) {
        depGraph.AddNode(cNode);
    }
    for (auto cNode : this->m_Classes) {
        for (size_t n = 0; n < cNode->NodeCount(); n++)
        {
            CNodeBase* pNode = (CNodeBase*)cNode->GetNode(n);
            NodeType Type = pNode->GetType();
            switch (Type) {
            case(nt_pointer):
            {
                CNodePtr* pPointer = (CNodePtr*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* pointerClass = pPointer->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, pointerClass, DependencyType::POINTER);
                break;
            }
            case(nt_instance):
            {
                CNodeClassInstance* pClassInstance = (CNodeClassInstance*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* instanceClass = pClassInstance->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, instanceClass, DependencyType::INSTANCE);
                break;
            }

            case(nt_array):
            {
                CNodeArray* pArray = (CNodeArray*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* instanceClass = pArray->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, instanceClass, DependencyType::INSTANCE);
                break;
            }

            case(nt_ptrarray):
            {
                CNodePtrArray* pArray = (CNodePtrArray*)pNode;
                CNodeClass* pointerClass = pArray->GetClass();
                depGraph.AddEdge(cNode, pointerClass, DependencyType::POINTER);
                break;
            }
            }
        }
    }

Ordering dependencies in the graph is simple in naive cases.  Just start at nodes that have no dependencies (leaf nodes) and recursively visit dependencies, adding them to an ordered class vector as you go.  This works great until you hit circular dependencies - you'd recurse until death.  That's where forward declarations are needed.  If you hit a node that is already being processed, you know you've thrown that ass in a circle.  So that's when you throw your hands up and forward declare - but you can only do that for a POINTER dependency, not an INSTANCE one.

You can see in this graph that DayZPlayer instances Entity which points to physicsObject which points to DayZPlayer.  And if that's the order you hit the nodes in, you're fine - just forward declare DayZPlayer.  However, there exists a path from gpWorld -> World -> N0000120E -> Entity -> PhysicsObject -> DayZPlayer -> Entity.  In that case, when you realize you're in a cycle you're at an INSTANCE dependency and you can't solve it with a forward declaration.

I wasn't sure what the correct way to handle this was, so I kind of improvised a solution.  At the beginning of graph solving, all nodes which have incoming INSTANCE type dependencies are marked.  Then, when they're visited during recursion, if they're being visited across a POINTER dependency edge, they're forward declared and not processed further.  So when you hit gpWorld -> World -> N0000120E -> Entity, it knows Entity has incoming INSTANCE dependencies, so instead of recursing and ending up in DayZPlayer, it adds a forward declaration for Entity and bails out.  Then, later (and along a different path that doesn't go through Entity), DayZPlayer is visited normally and it recurses into Entity, and all is well.

With forward declarations generated and the classes in dependency order, output goes on as normal, except instead of iterating of m_Classes, it iterates over the set of forward declarations and the in-order vector of classes instead.

To generate the visualized graph, I put a ToDot method in the DependencyGraph, which generates a GraphViz Dot representation of the graph.  I left it in as it may end up being useful in troubleshooting in the future.

---
## [kschlichter/Home-Assistant-Inovelli-Red-Dimmer-Switch](https://github.com/kschlichter/Home-Assistant-Inovelli-Red-Dimmer-Switch)@[9efc110601...](https://github.com/kschlichter/Home-Assistant-Inovelli-Red-Dimmer-Switch/commit/9efc110601be853cd686ff8fffe09913f244f970)
#### Monday 2021-11-01 23:45:03 by kschlichter

Setting effect parameters in bulk.

Setting effects by four individual service calls was more flexible if I wanted to change specific aspects of an effect and not others (e.g. the effect becomes red at night).  Once I started setting 40 or 50 devices at once the z-wave network got slow and effects took a long time to display.  Moving to the service bulk_set_partial_config_parameters and requiring that each parameter by set or assumed to be a default should relieve some pressure on the network, reduce the number of writes to the device's NVRAM and extend its life overall (I think), and show effects instantaneously (rather than the effect starting, then changing color, then changing brightness which became slow and ugly when setting a lot of devices).  

The old code to set each parameter is still there and commented out.  Maybe someday I'll add some logic to determine whether the bulk set should be used or a single parameter.

---

# [<](2021-10-31.md) 2021-11-01 [>](2021-11-02.md)

