# [<](2021-06-25.md) 2021-06-26 [>](2021-06-27.md)

1,980,447 events, 1,171,056 push events, 1,734,211 commit messages, 98,987,188 characters


## [KDr2/pytorch@9134b0e42f...](https://github.com/KDr2/pytorch/commit/9134b0e42fd6aad420d610f3786f90786079d559)
##### 2021-06-26 00:54:32 by Brian Hirsh

add a boxed CPU fallback kernel (#58065)

Summary:
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/58065

This PR replaces the existing code-generated CPU fallback kernels that XLA uses with a single boxed CPU fallback.

Current state: there are a couple different design ideas that I want to point out, but the logic for the actually kernel is mostly done and passing tests.

### Design

To preface, I'm not 100% tied to the current design and I'm putting the PR up now for opinions and totally open to alternatives, some of which I listed below. Actually after writing this description, I'm leaning toward the following changes:
* Confirm whether or not we can remove all C++ logging info directly in the yaml.

**Current Design**

All of the CPU fallback codegen is deleted. In its place, XLA (and other external backends, later) can choose to opt into a CPU fallback by adding the following code in a C++ file. I have an corresponding [xla-side PR with the xla changes](https://github.com/pytorch/xla/pull/2945/files#diff-1a005c10039f0cb11130a3b740f5de716d2f10acaea121017016025861886798R1).

There's no actual requirement to split up the code into a .h and .cpp file, but that's necessary in the XLA case because they sometimes need to call the fallback directly from their handcrafted kernels.

```
// xla_cpu_fallback.h
#include <ATen/native/CPUFallback.h>
...
void xla_cpu_fallback(const c10::OperatorHandle& op, torch::jit::Stack* stack);
...
```
```
// xla_cpu_fallback.cpp
#include "torch_xla/csrc/aten_cpu_fallback.h"
...
void xla_cpu_fallback(const c10::OperatorHandle& op, torch::jit::Stack* stack) {
  // Do custom logging here
  ...
  // Call the actual boxed CPU fallback.
  at::native::cpu_fallback(op, stack);
}

TORCH_LIBRARY_IMPL(_, XLA, m) {
  m.fallback(torch::CppFunction::makeFromBoxedFunction<&xla_cpu_fallback>());
}
```

Now that the fallback is exposed in the backend, they can call it directly. Doing so requires converting from an unboxed to a boxed context, which we provide a utility function before. E.g.:
```
#include <ATen/native/CPUFallback.h>

at::Tensor addmm(const at::Tensor& self,const at::Tensor& mat1,const at::Tensor& mat2,const at::Scalar& beta,const at::Scalar& alpha) {
  ....
  if (...call_fallback...) {
    return at::native::call_fallback_fn<&xla_cpu_fallback, decltype(at::addmm)>::call("aten::addmm", self, mat1, mat2, beta, alpha);
  }
  ...
}
```

That `decltype(at::addmm)` logic isn't actually used everywhere in the xla-side PR yet, since you hit issues with overloads. I could use it everywhere once #58092 lands.

**Alternatives: The API for calling the CPU fallback directly is ugly, can we make it nicer?**
We could change the api to use `at::redispatch`, which would make it look something like this:
```
at::Tensor addmm(const at::Tensor& self,const at::Tensor& mat1,const at::Tensor& mat2,const at::Scalar& beta,const at::Scalar& alpha) {
  ....
  if (...call_fallback...) {
    return at::redispatch::addmm(c10::DispatchKeySet(c10::DispatchKey::CPUFallback), self, mat1, mat2, beta, alpha);
  }
  ...
}
```
Which definitely feels cleaner, but also requires adding a new DispatchKey just for this use case. Conditionally calling the CPU fallback doesn't sound like a hugely important use case, so I don't know if giving up one of our 64 dispatch key slots is worth the API improvement. Totally open to other opinions though!

Another more mild improvement that would avoid having to pass operator string names (including overloads) around would be to codegen (yet another) namespaced API. Something like this:
```
at::Tensor addmm(const at::Tensor& self,const at::Tensor& mat1,const at::Tensor& mat2,const at::Scalar& beta,const at::Scalar& alpha) {
  ....
  if (...call_fallback...) {
    return at::fallback::addmm<&xla_cpu_fallback>(self, mat1, mat2, beta, alpha);
  }
  ...
}
```

Writing that out actually I actually like it more (I think it'll let us get rid of `decltype(...)`). Maybe that is nice enough to warrant a new codegen API - I haven't tried adding that yet, but if people like it I'm happy to try it out.

**More alternatives**
The current design also involves the backend manually writing and registering the boxed fallback themselves, but an alternative would be for us to do it in codegen too: they would just need to pass in all of the C++ logging that they want done in the fallback, directly through the yaml. The main downsides:
* Backend code that wants to call the fallback needs to abide by whatever convention our codegen uses to name the generated boxed fallback.
* Passing custom C++ logging through yaml is just more fragile: right now xla uses an `iostream` to log each tensor arg in the operator, so we'd have to either force other backends into the same convention or figure something else out later.

To be fair, we actually already do that: XLA has custom per-tensor-arg logging for all of the generated `out` wrappers in the codegen, which we do by passing their C++ logging info through the yaml. This seems unnecessary though, since `out` wrappers just call into a functional kernel, which is hand written with its own custom logging. So my take is: try to remove custom C++ logging from the yaml, and if it turns out to be really necessary, then we may as well take advantage of that to codegen the fallback.

### Performance impact

While ops that fall back to CPU aren't exactly hot path, we probably don't want to use a boxed fallback if it turns out to be an absolute perf killer.

I ran my benchmarks using callgrind, benchmarking both `at::add` and `at::add_out` run on XLA. My callgrind benchmark for `at::add` can be found here (the add_out benchmark looks basically the same): https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415418587. I created the benchmark by hacking the existing xla C++ test build scripts and throwing in a reference to callgrind.

I also attached the full callgrind output for each benchmark; the full output is actually pretty noise and hard to parse, but I focused on everything underneath the `at::add()` call in the output, which was much more stable. My guess is that it's due to some heavyweight async startup processing that xla does.

`at::add`:
before: 88,505,130 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415421001
after: 102,185,654 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415421273
delta: ~15.5% increase

`at::add_out`:
before: 63,897,395 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/intern/everpaste/?handle=GBrrKwtAPlix9wUEAOZtrFXpdO5UbsIXAAAz
after: 73,170,346 instructions. Full output: https://www.internalfb.com/phabricator/paste/view/P415423227
delta: ~14.5% increase

High level takeaway: A framework overhead increase of 10-20% doesn't seem too horrible for the CPU fallback use case.

For structured, functional ops that requires a CPU fallback, we're actually in an unfortunate situation: we're doing even more work than necessary. Our codegen automatically creates a `CompositeExplicitAutograd` kernel which calls into the `out` operator. So the extra work that we end up doing is:
* An extra dispatcher hop: (at::add -> CompositeExplicitAutograd -> CPUFallback -> at::native::add) instead of (at::add -> CPUFallback -> at::native::add)
* An unnecessary tensor allocation (the CompositeExplicitAutograd kernel uses at::empty() to create an output tensor, which is immediately overwritten by the CPU fallback)
* An unnecessary meta() call (the CompositeExplicitAutograd kernel calls it to create the output tensor, but we call it again in the CPU kernel).
* unboxing->boxing->unboxing logic (this is the only strictly required piece)

There are definitely ways to avoid the unnecessary work explained above: one would be to give the boxed fallback higher priority than composite keys (there's [an issue for it here](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/55104)), and codegen fallthroughs for all composite ops. It'll require more infra to set up, so I see it as more of a perf knob that we can apply if we need it later.

Unfortunately I couldn't dig much deeper into the differences aside from the aggregate change in instructions, since it looks like callgrind fudged some of the instruction attribution (`at::to_cpu` takes up a ton of instructions, but I don't see any attribution for the `at::native::add` kernel anywhere).

Test Plan: Imported from OSS

Reviewed By: jbschlosser

Differential Revision: D28833085

Pulled By: bdhirsh

fbshipit-source-id: 537ebd5d7fb5858f1158764ff47132d503c3b92b

---
## [ARF-SS13/ARFS-6@fc1a8f5471...](https://github.com/ARF-SS13/ARFS-6/commit/fc1a8f5471fa4f9c1f1627c0144f9b497d74e2ca)
##### 2021-06-26 01:36:00 by Tk420634

Adds Scottish accent.

Adds a Scottish accent, it may be a bit too thick, but it's hilarious.

Example,

W'at t'e fuck did ye just fuckin' say about me, ye little bitc'? I'll 'ave ye know I 'raduated top o' my class in t'e Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I 'ave over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in 'orilla warfare and I'm t'e top sniper in t'e entire US armed forces. ye are not'in' to me but just anot'er tar'et. I will wipe ye t'e fuck out wit' precision t'e likes o' w'ic' 'as never been seen before on t'is Eart', mark my fuckin' words. ye t'ink ye can 'et away wit' sayin' t'at s'it to me over t'e Internet? T'ink a'ain, fucker. As we speak I am contactin' my secret network o' spies across t'e USA and yer IP is bein' traced ri''t now so ye better prepare for t'e storm, ma''ot. T'e storm t'at wipes out t'e pat'etic little t'in' ye call yer life. You're fuckin' dead, kid. I can be anyw'ere, anytime, and I can kill ye in over seven 'undred ways, and t'at's just wit' my bare 'ands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I 'ave access to t'e entire arsenal o' t'e United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe yer miserable ass off t'e face o' t'e continent, ye little s'it. If only ye could 'ave known w'at un'oly retribution yer little "clever" comment was about to brin' down upon you, maybe ye would 'ave 'eld yer fuckin' ton'ue. But ye couldn't, ye didn't, and now you're payin' t'e price, ye 'oddamn idiot. I will s'it fury all over ye and ye will drown in it. You're fuckin' dead, kiddo.

---
## [thecsw/thecsw.github.io@b38c8a8c70...](https://github.com/thecsw/thecsw.github.io/commit/b38c8a8c70cd05078e3932a9b6d56e2f77844d92)
##### 2021-06-26 04:53:01 by sanfran

[ASTRIE] Added a new fortune: *** 176; 12021 H.E.

Your love is like a tidal wave, spinning over my head

Drownin' me in your promises, better left unsaid

You're the right kind of sinner to release my inner fantasy

The invincible winner and you know that you were born to be

You're a heartbreaker, dream maker, love taker

Don't you mess around with me

You're a heartbreaker, dream maker, love taker

Don't you mess around, no, no, no

Your love has set my soul on fire, burnin' out of control

You taught me the ways of desire, now it's takin' its toll

You're the right kind of sinner to release my inner fantasy

The invincible winner and you know that you were born to be

-- Для Лилюшы

---
## [Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO@2ac7b9bf64...](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO/commit/2ac7b9bf64fe1050ff811e5d8cc4ab6b3762602f)
##### 2021-06-26 04:55:51 by ChrisANG

Specialize vault items some

Items that are going to be kept (artifacts and magic armor) have a much higher chance of special properties.

After the one-in-ten check for a random major property, a new 1-in-4 check is made for a themed property.
-Holy vault
--items are blessed
--may be made of silver or gold
--may give fire, cold, elect, or reflection.
--may have fire, cold, elect, holy, any alignment, wrathful, or vorpal damage

-Devil vault
--items are cursed
--may be made of gold or green steel
--may give fire, cold, elect, or magic resistance
--may have fire, cold, elect, unholy, axiomatic, life draining, or flaying damage

-Demon vault
--items are cursed
--may be made of gold or iron
--may give acid fire, cold, or magic resistance
--may have acid fire, cold, magic, unholy, anarchic, life draining, or flaying damage

Add wrathful, life draining, and living weapons to the list of generic special properties.

---
## [PalindroneV2/ARCCW-BO1@b488a4e274...](https://github.com/PalindroneV2/ARCCW-BO1/commit/b488a4e27484cf965b97539ce35a471850f51f4b)
##### 2021-06-26 07:34:37 by rzen1th

OH GOD DAMN IT FUCK MAN FUCK

sounds crip t very fucking stupid

---
## [Fikou/tgstation@c906c44393...](https://github.com/Fikou/tgstation/commit/c906c443931f07931f3a086d479dce1f55795f91)
##### 2021-06-26 16:19:54 by LemonInTheDark

Fixes a fuck ton more harddels (#58779)

Redoes how geese handle eating shit, it was fucking stupid and caused harddels, and while this method is technically slower in the best case, it's a fucking goose
Fixes action related harddels, I hate how they work but at least this way they won't hold refs.
Fixes the hierophont causing its beacon to harddel
Removes the M variable from megafauna actions, it was used like a typed owner and caused harddels, so I burned it
Fixes target and targets_from harddels, replaces all setters of target with LoseTarget and GiveTarget, which should help maintain behavior. I'm not sure if this breaks anything, but if it does we should fix the assumptions that code makes instead of reverting this change
Fixes more area_senstive_contents related harddels, we need to allow the mob to move before clearing out its list.
Fixes marked object harddels (I'm coming for you admin team)
Fixes a language based human harddel
Fixes managed overlay related harddels (This was just emissive blockers, but I think this is a good safety net to have. If we clear the overlay list we should clear this one as well)
Fixes bot core harddels, I hate the fact that this exists but it has no reason to know who its owner is
Adds a walk(src, 0) to simple_animal destroy, it's the best bang for the buck in terms of stopping spurious harddels. Walk related harddels aren't that expensive in the first place, since byond does the same thing I'm doing here, but this makes finding mob harddels easier, so let's go with it
I fixed another source of part harddels, I hate fullupgrade so much
Fixes all the sound loop harddels

---
## [kenneth558/Dysusing-dispensation-no-more@1f7aab3358...](https://github.com/kenneth558/Dysusing-dispensation-no-more/commit/1f7aab335863dfb045af8f03696eda9461dea246)
##### 2021-06-26 22:45:06 by Kenneth L Anderson

Update Readme.md

MISUSING DISPENSATION - NO MORE!

"Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof" (from Ecc. 7:8).  I want to encourage you and share why I believe this verse applies to the Church - it shall soon be better than it was in the book of Acts as it continues from "faith to faith" as God intends! (from Rom. 1:17)  This world is now entering into profound change as God's kingdom culture comes than has ever happened since the Flood, in the same class of profound as when satan was cast from heaven, and in the same class of profound as when Christ spoiled satan's minions in hell before His blood under the Cross dried.  Yet for all its long-prophesied newness, redemptive culture transformations, eternally pivotal prominence, and worthiness of royal celebration and welcome, the coming new age still can't ever be called a new "dispensation"!  Likewise, the term "dispensation" is misused of any previous time period, and I'll explain why it is now, more than ever before, important to stop misusing that term.  I trust it will be your faith, more than your knowledge, more than your principles of doctrine (Heb. 6:1), that will grow in the few minutes of reading this.  One way that faith would manifest itself is as a more instant, thorough, and strong believing of scripture as you read it, and realize that God credits to you righteousness for that level of belief! (Rom. 4)  One thing that has severely limited widespread knowledge of the times is the misunderstanding of the word "dispensation".

Like other Christians are, you were taught the Bible is true.  Certainly it is true, and true on innumerable levels, and true on every level.  It is supernaturally true, and I encourage you to have it handy for searching as you read this.  Yet curiously enough, you were also taught that several verses sealed therein (by their transformation from verbal or thoughts to written) are NOT true today based on something about "dispensation".  Sure, the verses were true when written, but supposedly many aren't any more because "we're no longer in that dispensation" rather than for one of the legitimate reasons a later chapter and verse might explicitely declare.  So the Bible is true, but just not all of it.  And with each passing "dispensation", the Bible becomes less true and less relevant to those of us upon whom the ends of the world are come  (1 Cor. 10:11)...even to the extent that a God-given practice or teaching can become so anathema to God that it later supposedly becomes a satanic teaching.  We're all comfortable with this, right?

I am an uncommon believer - a new wineskin.  As such, I am decidedly NOT comfortable that the most truthful and most sure Book to ever exist in ANY dimension - physical or otherwise - would only be partially and not fully true, and which verses are obsolete are the ones chosen at our whims without a scripture basis.  I am not comfortable with the notion that this Book having been settled in a dimension without time and where nothing EVER becomes obsolete (Ps. 119:89), sealed by writing in this dimension, and ALIVE (Heb. 4:12) with holy life could EVER contain prankster GOTCHAs of dead words and teachings (Matt. 24:35, Mk. 13:31, Lk. 21:33) that it doesn't identify anywhere within itself as having been obsoleted.  I am VERY comfortable being UNashamed of any of Jesus' words (Mk. 8:38)...at least one of Jesus' commandments that is commonly categorized as obsolete based on a misunderstanding of "dispensation" is emphasized to be one of "...the commandments of the Lord" (1 Cor. 14:37, just after a "dispensation"-discarded commandment in v. 34).  Emphasized as very few other commandments are!  And what do we do with it if we misunderstand "dispensation" as is being done rampantly in the Church?  We say no to it: we are ashamed of it, and we refuse to be washed by it! (In case you haven't realized yet, 1 Cor. 14:34-35 relates to the ministry roles being different between genders.  Maybe God emphasized it as a least commandment to see which of us would show the full extent of our worthiness to "...be called great in the kingdom of heaven". [Matt. 5:19])

How do we treat fellow Christians like me who refuse to mix belief with unbelief and so hold that  "...those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever..."?  Consider that God receives these types of believers and tells the rest to receive them, too. (Rom. 14-15:7)  Would you show me in the original Bible languages how/where I'm not allowed to believe because of your misunderstanding of dispensation with what God wrote?  But I've found that ALL of Scripture can be believed, and that fact allows me more freedom to believe the Scriptures as I am reading.  I don't have to be careful and selective to believe as I read my Bible.  When a later verse says an earlier teaching is obsolete, that's fine.  I have no problem with additional WRITTEN revelation like that to override WRITTEN truth.  I have no problem with a scripture becoming obsolete due to its being completely fulfilled.  But anyone who subscribes to something called "dispensation" causing words, verses, and entire teachings to be now obsolete is restricted from wholeheartedly believing scriptures they read, just in case the end of some "dispensation" somehow claimed the teaching as a kill.  Let me state that another way: misunderstanding "dispensation" by necessity weakens our faith in Bible teachings.  Some even think that the ENTIRE Old Testament is obsolete unless re-confirmed in the New Testament.  That is most certainly NOT how Apostle Paul reasoned as he gratuitously used the Old Testament as basis for his teachings.

"Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment" (1 Cor 1:10).  This will be impossible if we continue misusing and misunderstanding dispensation, unless the Church has a worldwide council culminating in a unanimous decision of which scripture teachings we'll stand united against [our being washed by].  But then what will you do with believers like me who, for our very lives sake, refuse to be against ANY word that proceeds from the mouth of God?  Invoking "dispensation" to justify the elimination of any sealed word, verse, or teaching is admittedly commonplace, but it is also whimsical - no scriptural guidance can be found anywhere that helps us bless one denomination's targets over the other's or to bless both equally.  The teachings that each faction of Christianity chooses to target are based on cultural and peer pressures, walking by sight, and/or taking offense, not based on scriptural guidance.  Thus, divisions in the Bride are as certain to continue to exist as long as our misunderstanding the term "dispensation" does because our cultures differ, our experiences in or reception of the miraculous differ, and our resistance level to being offended by God's words differs.  Can church leaders DEMAND their congregations to believe differently from what their Bibles tell them?  Of course not, so to have no divisions in the Bride there is only one option how to believe the Bible - believe it can ONLY be obsoleted or superceded by itself.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________

The word "dispensation" is really used in the Bible, but NEVER as a synonym for time or age.  More on that later...
____________________________________________________________________________________________________

Many of us were also taught that some Bible verses, though perhaps true when written, became NOT true even by so soon as 397 AD when the New Testament was canonized.  I was actually taught that the Bible was canonized while it contained verses that had already become false by the time because of some dispensation change when the twelfth original apostle died.  That rationale is called "hyper-dispensationalism" by many.  I trusted the teachers in my life enough not to question them nor be alarmed at how hidden this rationale is (or is not even) in the Bible, though in my own casual reading, I never noticed any guidelines in the Bible itself for "once true" verses becoming not true.  However, the possibility of any specific verse I might read being no longer true certainly made me read my Bible less intently than otherwise - I must only believe the verses that my trusted leaders FIRST taught from their pulpits.  After all, the secret key to knowing which verses are still true today and which verses LURKING THEIR VERY SAME CONTEXT aren't true any more, was never clearly taught for me to use it in my own Bible studying.  Until I could be sure from my teachers any particular verse was still for today, I needed to be suspicious of it.  This is SO not a good way to be reading your Bible, is it?  I learned there exist several variants of dispensation rationale differing from each other in how much of Scripture they believe is no longer true.  Surprisingly, some of these persuasions actually believe that certain Bible teachings which were totally of God at one time (only "in that dispensation" when they were written) are now of satan!!!  So some of God's written Word is now satan's deviant teaching!  Mind blown!  Someone PLEASE explain to me how, in the entire universe, that type of dispensational devilution (exactly what I mean) of the written Scripture is becoming of something that is "more sure" (2 Pe. 1:19)?!

Then, (when I was of age, thankfully, and free to choose for myself) some perplexing assertions from coworkers that, through their mere legitimate extrapolation of the same [mis]understanding of dispensation, even more Bible verses are no longer true than I had ever thought ("hyper-hyper-dispensationalism" is arguably a fair description of their persuasion).  Finally, a little concerned but greatly curious, I started reading the Bible deeper than casually.  I actually read the Bible for all it's worth, over and over again, and found verses like these that have something to say related to the way dispensation is commonly misunderstood:

    Deut. 29:29 - "The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law."  "FOR EVER" bears repeating.  Note from this verse an many others that what does exist is before and after, but not time periods where teachings and truths are temporary for such a period of time.   Dispensation misunderstanding disagrees with this, so where in the Bible can we find some verse that overrules this one in support of dispensation time constructs for the temporary existence of truth?  There is none that I've found.

    2 Cor. 1:13 - "For we write none other things unto you, that what ye read or acknowledge; and I trust ye shall acknowledge even to the end".  "EVEN TO THE END" bears repeating.  Dispensation misunderstanding disagrees with this, so where can we find the verse that overrules this one in support of dispensation time constructs?  There is none that I've found.

    2 Cor. 11:3,4 - "But I fear, lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtilty, so your minds should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ.  For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus, whom we have not preached, or if ye receive another spirit, which ye have not received, or another gospel, which ye have not accepted, ye might well bear with him."  Note that the Jesus Paul preached to them takes ownership in 1 Cor. 14:37 of commands to this same Corinthian church that we 21st century _enlightened_ Christians now discard in the name of "dispensation": the verses IMMEDIATELY preceding "...the things that I write unto you are the commandments of the Lord" are counter to 21st century secular culture and dispensation misunderstanding demands that we (most Christian factions, anyway) discard them.  Read them for yourself.

    2 Pe. 1:19 (in context!) where the written scriptures are declared to be more sure than the audible voice of God.  Dispensation misunderstanding disagrees with the notion that written scriptures are "sure" enough to survive supposed dispensation boundaries.

    Apostle Paul totally missed the memo about supposed dispensation boundaries in ALL of his reasonings where he used scriptures dozens of times to support his teaching points...old "dispensation" teaching points from Jewish scriptures mostly to GENTILES who were entering a supposed new dispensation.

    MANY other places in Scripture, ad infinitim....

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Thank you for reading this far.  I promise I'll eventually share the real definition and Biblical use of "dispensation" with you, but first I need to address any reader who has not accepted Jesus as Savior: Godkind loves mankind so much that the Father gave His dearly loved Son for our benefit, knowing we would mistreat, torture and kill Him, He allowed that but so that the wounds He received from us could be lovingly offered right back to us for our healing and as an example of how to love our enemies, including Him.  Don't for one moment think that your sins are bigger than everyone else's so Jesus' blood can't cleanse you from them.  His blood will eventually reconcile EVERYTHING in all of heaven plus earth, so it can certainly handle every last sin of yours, as tiny as you are (see also Heb. 9:13-14).  Jesus is always listening for the heart-felt words from you, telepathically or spoken, that you receive His Life and that you abandon your waywardness so you can be made whole (saved).  Or start by asking Him just "please save me" and "I receive you, Jesus".  He knows well enough that you're not promising to be better, but merely that you surrender and are truthfully sincere.  You are now restored to your place in royalty.  After you've come to the Father by receiving Son Jesus, the Spirit (who is distinct from the Father and from the Son) of Godkind now awaits your [verbal or otherwise] invite for Him to fill you with Himself.

Jesus Christ is Lord of all, and He has come in the flesh, given the blood of His sinless life for the redemption of mankind, for cleansing from all sin, and to reconcile all things unto Himself. (Acts 3:21, 1 Cor 12:3, Col 1:20, 1 Jn 1:7; 2:2; 4:2,3)  He is the Way, the Truth, and the Life, and no man comes to the Father but by Jesus. (Jn 14:6).  He is one of three members (Eloah or Eloha) of Godkind (Elohim).  He, along with the Spirit of God, advocates for His human fellow heirs, and they offer us guidance how to live an abundant life even while we are yet in this physical dimension.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Thessalonians "...received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God..." (1 Th. 2:13), yet the Bereans "...were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so" (Acts 17:11).  It bears noting the contrast between readily accepting the VERBAL word versus searching the WRITTEN scriptures to validate the verbal.  There is a very good reason God lays this contrast out for us, as I hope you're seeing.

A couple of paragraphs back I used the term "hidden" describing dispensation time constructs.  Synonym to "hidden" is "occult".  The apostle Paul's use of the term "simplicity" I believe is very legitimately contrasted with hidden or occult.  To put it bluntly, a fully engaged Bible reader does not conclude at the end of reading the entire Bible that a hidden complication called "dispensation" exists which negates the afore-mentioned and following "milk" verses I lay out here in simplicity.  I've tried that fully engaged Bible reading, so I speak from experience.  No one ever overtly planted the thought in my mind that dispensation was being mistaught - it simply was conspicuous by its deference to the clearer passages describing how time affects God's truths (it doesn't).  I would be hard pressed to think of a better application for Rom. 3:4 "Let God be true and every man a liar" than the rampant deceptive use of the term "dispensation" we see today.

 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

We've all heard them - statements from pulpits we trust and from Bible study materials we trust that imply there is some guideline in scripture teaching us which verses become obsolete due to dispensation "advancements".  If you as a 21st century _enlightened_ Christian could and were to time-travel back to the church at Corinth AFTER they might have accepted Paul's admonitions and had started obeying them perfectly, would you think our 21st century Christian enlightenment on, for example, womens' ministry potential in mixed-gender church services could improve their Christian standing?  Without a doubt, they would recognize you as "another spirit" for sure.

Do you see how "Now these things...are written for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come" (from 1 Cor. 10:11)  teaches that scriptures become _more_and_more_ relevant throughout the ages?  Yet a misunderstanding of dispensation would imply they become _more_and_more_ obsolete as each supposed dispensation ends and a new one begins.  Attached to that paradox, strangely enough, always seems to be the thinking that the Church of today and tomorrow is not destined to be any greater than the Church as found in Acts.  But a proper understanding from God's perspective instead of a dispensational perspective looks for the Church to become GREATER than the Church we read about in Acts.

Do you see the common thought among:

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and _greater_works_than_these_ shall he do; because I go unto my Father" (John 14:12)

    and

"Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof...Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this" (from Ecc. 7:8-10)

   and

"For if that which is done away was glorious, much more that which remaineth is glorious" (1 Cor. 3:11) ?

The common thought in those passages is in stark contrast to the the very opposite thought so inexplicably intertwined with the misconception of dispensation, wrongly telling us that the Acts Church achieved the status of "role model for all ages" and owns the greatest stories of miracles the world can ever see.  To say it another way, the Acts Church did not fulfill the full extent of greater works [than His own] that Jesus attributed to the Church that would follow His time or we wouldn't need to still pray for God's Kingdom to come and His will to be done on earth as it is in heaven.  The newly-birthed Acts Church, lacking the fully compiled Bible and the years of growth that we have, is "...the beginning thereof..." while the Church later (and I mean NOW), having a more complete Bible and many more years to mature, will be better and more glorious.  Shouldn't that be obvious?  Notice, too, that Apostle Paul could not yet point to any material example of the ideal for a church that all in it prophesy (1 Cor. 14:24), but he leaves the concept of it for later generations to attain to.  It is not the Acts church, but it is Scriptures like these listed and others that PROPHETICALLY declare the Church role model for all ages.  Even more amazing, many denominations' misconception of "dispensation" leads them to teach that the Acts Church exhibited signs and wonders that would be satanic if manifested in their denomination today!

Come on people, let's be more intelligent than that!  God is expecting humans on earth to prepare the way for Kingdom Culture.  We do that by continuing in His ways as He reveals them to us "... precept upon precept; line upon line...here a little, and there a little..." down through the ages "...until the time appointed of the father".  (See Isa 28:9-11 and Gal. 4:1-2)  Don't be offended that I would combine two contexts there - both of those contexts infer concerning the same concept I'm drawing from: Heaven intends to teach earth (remember the watchers mentioned in Dan. 4:17) so a glorious Romans 8 redemptive manifestation and maturation ensues.  The word "Likewise" in Rom. 8:26 hinges about this concept, if you read Romans 8:14-32 engaged enough.  You'll need to let go of the misunderstanding of "dispensation" to see this, but when you do you'll realize there is a crescendo in earth TOWARD the ultimate rather than the diminuendo AWAY from it.  You'll realize the Bible becomes MORE truthful and relevant, not less.  Psalm 37 is one of many examples of this.  Please take time away from reading this to read Psalm 37 to see what I mean, then ask yourself why you think we have a right enjoy the destiny Ps. 37 declares while canceling scripture teachings at our "dispensation" whims.

We're taught that God gave us a Bible having partially obsolete revelations in it before it was even canonized and has become even more obsolete by dispensation advancements since then
    ...even though the Bible itself says "The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children FOR EVER, that we may do all the words of this law" (Deut. 29:29).

In Christianity we have a bewildering number of denominational divisions and schisms disagreeing with each other over which scriptures are obsolete
    ...even though we are commanded "...that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment" (1 Cor. 1:10), "I hear that there be divisions among you..." so "...there must be also heresies among you..." (1 Cor 11:18), and "....there should be no schism in the body; but that the members should have the same care one for another" (1 Cor. 12:25).

We're taught that Jesus is coming imminently for His bride while we're still in this condition
    ...even though the Bible says Jesus will "...sanctify and cleanse it [us] with the washing of water by the word, That he might present it [us] to himself a glorious church, not having spot, or wrinkle, or any such thing; but that it [we] should be holy and without blemish" (Eph. 5:26-27).  Riddle me this: how will the Bride be cleansed by the Scriptures when they are falling into obsolesence  by passings of "dispensations"?  ...when their meaning can be so varied depending on which version of unscriptural interpretation dispensation key you prefer to be washed by?  ...when they contain satanic verses?  How can He present His Bride to Himself without blemish when we are all inconsistent about which scriptures we allow to wash us?

In what we've been mistaught by misunderstanding dispensation, where is the hope of us ever seeing the abundant life that Jesus wanted for us and so wanted with abandon that He CAME, LIVED and DIED for us to experience? (Jn. 10:10)  Is there no more abundant life possible on this planet than what we read about in the book of Acts?  We all KNOW there is, counter to the unbelief associated with misunderstanding dipensation, and I haven't the least doubt that God is only waiting for us to prepare the way.  See how this whole physical dimension knows this: "For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God" (Rom. 8:19, see also Heb. 5:11-14 on how to get from here to there)  God's heart about this is expressed a few verses later (v32) in a verse that really needs to be read with our own emotions disarmingly receptive to God's emotions expressed here: "He that spared not his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things?"  See also Rom. 11, especially v15 "For if the casting away of them be the reconciling of the world, what shall the receiving of them be, but life from the dead?" and v26: "And so all Israel shall be saved...".  Israel will be saved which ushers in life from the dead (even literally for those who'll receive it) for the rest of the world!  Coming soon to a theater (of operations) near you...    We know there remains a uniqueness of Israel by this.  Notice what draws Israel to Christ: being jealous of what Gentiles have (Rom. 10:19 & 11:11), rather than being drawn by Jesus' Second Coming or the Tribulation or anything like that.  Rather than the Rapture being imminent, the salvation of all Israel is really the next prophetic event that is imminent.  After that is the abundant life (the "life from the dead" of Rom. 11:15) Jesus referred to where the FULL scriptures will be seen to be relevant, true, and observed in light of Acts 15:1-32 and elsewhere.  There is no "dispensation" of Old Testament law that became obsolete by New Testament grace, but there IS simply differentiation between Israel and other nations concerning the Law of Moses which was promised to maintain that uniqueness of Israel (Ex. 19:5-6, Lev 26:12, Deut. 4:6, 7:6, etc.) until at least the saving of all Israel.  Do you see the difference between that and a supposed other means of salvation that produces or results from a misunderstanding of "dispensation"?

The specific verses that we're taught are obsolete are IMMEDIATELY adjacent to other verses we know not to be obsolete and lack ANY scripture guideline ANYWHERE to divide between them - verse x is still relevant but verse y immediately adjacent to it is obsolete.  In several of these very same examples, the rationale for the instruction is clearly given and spans several supposed dispensations going back to creation....  CHURCH LEADERS, DO YOU WANT YOUR CONGREGANTS TO READ THE BIBLE BUT JUST NOT BELIEVE IT?  OR WILL YOU REBUKE THOSE LIKE ME WHO READ WITH A BELIEVING HEART AND SEE THESE THINGS FROM THEIR BIBLES?   Isn't it astonishing that church leaders get so upset at someone who chooses to believe God, who gives them and me righteousness for doing so (Rom. 4:5), above the pulpit's contrary words?  In all seriousness, do they really think the Bride has made herself ready as she brazenly says some of God's words have now become satanic since leaving "that dispensation" rather than cooperate with their Author who says ("threatened", is that what you think?) He would wash us by them?

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Let's not go any farther without a quick specific example we find in 1 Cor 14:33-35, which could be rendered "Keep your women from needing to be responsible in the long term for leading chuch services where there are men in that service who ought to be stepping up to that burdensome responsibility: for the order should reflect the pattern of the Bride's relationship to the Bridegroom.  Consider the contrast naturally and in upbringing between feminity and masculinity.  Consider natural and God-given principles of chivalry.  It is the male who ought to be thought of as more appropriately designed, conditioned, and with more margin of endurance to mature into handling corporate governance of an assortment of people that includes adult males, as the Christ has been placed over His Church. It is the male that is designed to more elegantly and without getting over-worked, use the confrontational and assertion techniques often required of a teacher or leader...."Let all things be done decently and in order" (v.40)  The basis for this teaching is natural ORDER - how a mother (yes, I do know I've jumped a gap from woman to mother) is designed naturally and appropriately to strongly prioritize minding her children above a message she might deliver to the Body while a father will defer (within reason) to those his wife's strong natural inclinations while he might similarly be delivering a message?  It is so common of pople who misunderstand dispensation to miss the significance of the older women being ordained to teach the younger women (Titus 2:4)!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

As long as the term "dispensation" is misunderstood and misused, these unbecoming and wrongful contrasts cannot be reconciled.  They are unavoidable consequences of that blemish in the Bride - a blemish that, except it be washed by the water of the word, renders the Bride unpresentable as per Eph. 5:27.  All capital letters would be appropriate for me to say this: I appeal, not to any perceived authority in my words or lack thereof, but to these words' fidelity to God's heart and befitting this season of His calendar - His soon-arriving Kingdom.  There are times for Him to wink at blemishes and when old wineskins can be cavalier to reckon them to low priority, but not right now for new wineskins standing at the threshhold of this next season.  A less cavalier approach should be in the hearts of those of us who want to be most fit to enter this coming Kingdom age.  I'm not suggesting that only those most fit will enter, but I do point out that Jesus made clear there will be greater and lesser among those who do enter based on how we handle His least commandments (Matt. 5:19).

We're taught that while "dispensation" technically means "administration", it is still perfectly fine to use it as a synonym of "age" or "time"
    ...even though none, zero, not a single instance of the nine times dispensation is used by Jesus and the Apostle Paul does it ever remotely refer to a time nor time period.  It bears repeating, not even remotely!  The nine locations of the term are these: (Bible version abbreviations are courtesy http://biblegateway.com/versions/)

1) Luke 16:2,3,4 (Greek texts);
2) 3 times of Paul's COMMISSION to preach the Gospel (i.e., his JOB) 1 Corinthians 9:17
     (Greek texts, BRG, DRA, GNV, KJV, AKJV, WYC), Ephesians 3:2 (Greek texts, KJ21, ASV,
     BRG, DRA, GNV, JUB, KJV, NKJV, WYC), Colossians 1:25  (Greek texts, KJ21, ASV, BRG,
     DARBY, DRA, GNV, JUB, KJV, AKJV, RGT, WYC);
3) 2 times in referring to a WORK of God - Ephesians 3:9 (some but not all Greek texts,
     ASV, DRA, WYC), 1 Timothy 1:4 (some but not all Greek texts, ASV, DARBY);
4) 1 time in Ephesians 1:10 (Greek texts, KJK21, ASV, BRG, DRA, GNV, JUB, KJV, AKJV, NKJV, RGT, WYC) referring to
     "the dispensation of the end of times", a TASK that happens to be stated more clearly in the parallel chapter
     to this, Colossians 1, where verse 20 specifically states that TASK, also found in Acts 3:21 where it also
     is clearly a TASK for a future "time".  These references are consistently "time of a "task", not "time of a
     time" as would be the case in Eph 1:10 if time and dispensation were synonyms.

The summation of all that follows herein is this: Deut 29:29 stands in opposition - and as an alternative - to the current widespread misunderstanding of the term "dispensation":

"The secret things belong unto the LORD our God: but those things which are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all the words of this law."

...pointing out that "for ever" means NOT "until the end of this dispensation", like the unbelief accompanying a misunderstanding of "dispensation" demands.

Unless you're all in already, you really should STOP here until you understand those words.  Continuing further without understanding those words is just a waste of your time.  Also STOP anytime throughout this if your Bible knowledge is too weak to be absolutely certain of the Bible context of any of these scriptures I use.  Know your Bible, and have enough confidence your Bible knowledge to base your beliefs in scripture rather than my words. I am not your personal Matthew Henry.

Now you might legitimately ask for specifics; like, a discussion about "dispensation" is boring - is it REALLY worth my time?  And - what things are so important to believe that we don't believe because of this misunderstanding?  And - why will a correct understanding of "dispensation" result in belief where I might now have unbelief?  And - what is the correct definition of "dispensation", anyway?  As I continue, I am keeping all those concerns of yours in mind.  Most of all though, I want your life to be more conformed to Kingdom of Heaven living as a result of simply believing ALL that God tells us.  I want your life, my life, to be FIT to live in the Kingdom about to be manifest on earth, just like we've been praying for for 2 millenia.  There are a few things about our beliefs we need to change to be more FIT to  enter the Kingdom that God is right now in the process of putting on earth.

Now in the next couple paragraphs or so, receive my sincere belaboring on the importance of choosing to hold to God's written word where it needs to displace wayward teachings we all have received from pulpits, commentaries and Bible study aids of man's authorship instead of God's.  (Anything copyrighted makes the claim to be of human authorship, and God's Word is by necessity in the public domain.)

Ps. 138:2 teaches us that God has magnified His word above all His Name, meaning that even though He has authority to act and decree contrary to His Word, He has determined not to.  Ps. 138:2 invites us to hold God to His Word being the highest standard, and according to 2 Pe. 1:18-19, the written Word is more sure than hearing God's voice from heaven. It should be abundantly obvious from these two verses, not to mention many others, that we are to let the authority of the written scripture rule in all matters it addresses, including how the term "dispensation" is used.

The prevalent connotation of the term "dispensation" is one of the segments of time as the Bible implicitely segments time into.  The actual denotation of the term is "administration".

I cannot emphasize enough that NEITHER of those definitions is anything even close to the true meaning as used in the Bible!  And this is NOT a harmless misunderstanding!

An argument could be made that "administration" and "dispensation" are synonyms, but  NOT ANY MORE.  Maybe in olde Englishe that argument could be made, but today's  synonyms for dispensation are words like "commission", "job", "assignment", or [a good] "work".  EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THE NINE OCCURANCES OF THE GREEK WORD FOR DISPENSATION CONFORMS TO THIS.  NEVER, EVER CAN ANY OF THEM BE STRETCHED INTO BEING A SYNONYM FOR ANYTHING WHATSOEVER TO DO WITH TIME.

The proof of that assertion is in the reading and is an easy slam-dunk, but an even more urgent point is this - the end result of this discussion will NOT be to promote worship on Saturday or to observe Judaism's other teachings.  Paul's epistles to the Galatians and Romans, and Acts 15 are among the scriptures against Gentiles doing so in hopes they obey God by observing His commands to Israel.  Nonetheless, you WILL be challenged to receive a few scriptures that you've been taught NOT to believe, but you've never really had a clear reason why we shouldn't believe them.  You've never had a clear reason to not believe because there is no such reason in the Bible nor consistent with the Bible.

If you'd rather maintain the status quo connotation of "dispensation", think about why.  Safe, at least temporally; company to agreement; you're comfortable with that complexity; but most of all, you don't think you capable of comprehending the flawed rationale of scholars.  The scholars, whoever they are, that write the reference book and dictionary entries for the term "dispensation" stand a better chance of being right about it than I do, right?   It's that last point that we'll meet head-on right now.

We start by seeing the indisputable fact (I emphasize this!) that the term "dispensation" as used by Jesus and the Apostle Paul ALWAYS refers to someone's JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION or ENDEAVOR.  Then, EVEN MORE IMPORTANT, we'll show how the prevalent connotation is incompatible with a number of scripture verses besides just Deut 29:29 shown above.  Then we'll examine why historically the current connotation became accepted by scholars.  Without addressing each of these points with unbiased intellectual honesty and with a rationale you can unreservedly hold to, I will expect you to remain steadfast to the status quo.  (As an aside, David Robert Palmer publishes some very good insight as a Bible translator, but none on the term "dispensation".  I'd like his someday...)

The Strong's number for the Greek term of dispensation is 3622, and the transliteration from the Greek is "oikonomia".  It is used 9 times in the entire Bible, two of those occurrences being arguably debateable, but even so, those two questionable ones still conform to the useage and context of the other 7 occurrences.

On the other hand, the transliteration of the Greek term for "age" is "aión", and the Strong's Greek number is 165...totally etymologically unrelated to 3622 "oikonomia".  "Aión" in its various forms is used some 125 times in the New Testament.  ALWAYS clearly referring to a time period or time eternal, never to a JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION or ENDEAVOR.  Some sources will use the term "age" as in "the New Testament age".  The problem with simply switching from saying "dispensation" to saying "age" or "covenant" is _likely_ the Deut 29:29 useage of "for ever" is still again disregarded and still no Scripture context explicitly teaches those unbeliefs.

In case you would lightly forgive wrong useage of "dispensation" and so decide "age" is a better term  with which to carry forward the unbelief, so that you'd think all we have to do is change out "dispensation" for "age" and all is well, STOP!  There has been deceit or incompetence in the manner that "dispensation" has been taught to us...let's take that as serious as it warrants - very, as I've already hinted to!  If the Bible teachers, scholars and preachers have deceitully OR INCOMPETENTLY misappropriated the term "dispensation" like I'm showing you they have, you need to question their standing optherwise to simply rename the corral that contains the same dispensation-connected unbeliefs.  In a large or small way, I and they - yes, my previous self included - have made fools of us with the unbelief they've taught us.  I beg you to think about that sincerely.  The whole point of this presentation is to expose the unbeliefs that insist Bible-day works of God are now obsolete...specifically how those unbeliefs are propagated in the name of name of "dispensation", but if they are propagated in the name of "age", that is just as unbiblical and problematic and incompetence can then be ruled out in favor of intentional deceit!  Receive God's words, not man's, and expect righteousness for doing so. (Rom. 4:3)  Can mere men, authors of Bible dictionaries and commentaries, offer you righteousness for believing them?  Yet God does do that for believing Him.  According to Ps 119:99-100 you can have more understanding than all those teachers when you hold God's Word higher than theirs; you can understand more than the ancients, because you hold to God's precepts when they differ from the commentary and dictionary authors.  Open up your grasp to what you've heretofore been taught from the pulpit of Bible study materials, not so much in entirety, but do so where God's written word clearly disagrees with it.

Remember the contrast between the Thessalonians and the more noble Bereans: the Apostle Paul commended the Thessalonians in 1 Thess. 2:13 "For this cause also thank we God without ceasing, because, when ye received the word of God which ye heard of us, ye received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe."  Yet even with such high praise, the Bereans are called "more noble" in Acts 17:11 "These were more noble than those in Thessalonica, in that they received the word with all readiness of mind, and searched the scriptures daily, whether those things were so."  The difference here between commendable and more noble is the extent to which the written Word is magnified, and my hope right here is to encourage you to aspire to noble.  See in what follows that I am offering you scriptures, not regurgitated sermon talk points.  Know that the scriptures (knowledge of, obedience to, declaring of, application of, etc.) are where great power is, and multi-faceted power, at that (a huge number of of scriptures tell of this).  Judge whether these scriptures are in context and worthy of all acceptance, or out of context and unrightly divided.  I've determined to use them in context and rightly divided.

Here, now, is the evidence...what God says and offers us righteousness to believe.

For the very first 3 Bible occurrences of "dispensation" Jesus uses it in Luke 16:2,3,4.  Jesus tells how the unjust steward was told that he was about to lose his "DISPENSATION"...his JOB, not his TIME SPAN.  His master was telling that unjust steward that he was about to get FIRED, not KILLED.  The other 6 occurrences of the term are used by the Apostle Paul, and they refer to

1) 3 times of Paul's commission to preach the Gospel (i.e., his JOB - 1 Corinthians 9:17, Ephesians 3:2, Colossians 1:25), or
2) 2 times in referring to a WORK of God (Ephesians 3:9, 1 Timothy 1:4 but presumably not included in some manuscripts), or
3) one time in Ephesians 1:10 referring to "the dispensation of the end of times", which happens to be stated more clearly in the parallel chapter to Ephesians 1 - that chapter being Colossians 1, where verse 20 specifically states that TASK.  When you look, you'll see in a couple of these passages that, once he mentions it, he dwells just a little more on the term "dispensation", so great was his passion about his own.  But NEVER is the term "dispensation" used in the Bible to refer to ANY time or period of time.  Never.  It's ALWAYS a JOB...a TASK...a WORK.  After reading the occurrences using the correct synonyms, we'll see if the currently popular connotation makes any sense at all, and if it fits the understanding of simplicity, as in "...the simplicity that is in Christ..." (2 Cor 11:3)

Expansion of #1 above...these are self-evident that they mean JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION:

1 Corinthians 9:16-17 - "For though I preach the gospel, I have nothing to glory of: for necessity is laid upon me; yea, woe is unto me, if I preach not the gospel!  For if I do this thing willingly, I have a reward: but if against my will, a dispensation _of_the_gospel_(italicized) is committed unto me." The three italicized words are not in the untranslated epistle so that "necessity is laid upon" = "dispensation is committed".

Ephesians 3:2 - "if indeed you have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God which was given to me for you,"

Colossians 1:25 - "Whereof I am made a minister, according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for you, to fulfil the word of God;"

Important: Paul never says "...my dispensation...", but rather "...a dispensation...unto me..." or "...the dispensation...to me...".  Yet it is nonetheless self-evidently synonymous with his personal portion of the Great Commission.  Read the verses again if you question that.

Expansion of #2 above:

Ephesians 3:9 (ASV) - "...and to make all men see what is the dispensation of the mystery which for ages hath been hid in God who created all things;"  (ASV is one of a minority of translations that remain true from Greek to English to retaining the term dispensation for clarification here)
The required context for v.9 is set in the prior verse "Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;" (KJV)  Bear in mind that Paul's mere mention 7 verses earlier of the term dispensation started him into this prolonged statement of "his" commission, if you will - the dispensation and grace to preach the Gospel to the Gentiles as in v.6.  (Paul uses the word grace in vs.2,7 & 8 to refer to God's provision for Paul to carry out the dispensation to him - his work of preaching the gospel as delineated in v.6.)  Consistent with v.2, 1 Corinthians 9:17, and Colossians 1:25 Paul does not say "...my dispensation...", but rather "...the dispensation...".  So regardless of whether the article is definite or indefinite, the point still stands that the term means JOB or COMMISSION or DUTY, OBLIGATION as it does above.  Try synonym swapping - "...to make all men see [learn] what is [God's new endeavor/work-in-progress] heretofore a mystery..." makes much more sense than "...to make all men see what is [the age] heretofore a mystery...".  Observe also in v.5 the term "ages" is correctly used in the way "dispensation" is often misused: "...Which in other ages was not made known unto the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit...".  IF "AGE" AND "DISPENSATION" WERE SYNONYMS LIKE MOST PEOPLE THINK OF THEM, V.5 WOULD BE THE RIGHT PLACE FOR "DISPENSATION" TO BE USED.  That bears repeating ad infinitum!  If you doubt that whatsoever, read the entire chapter in context until it sinks in!



Expansion of #3 above:


I hope now you're better able to know why you were so uncomfortable explaining away many scripture verses that church life obviously doesn't line up with.

1 Cor 1:10
"Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you; but that ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment."  This will be impossible if we continue misusing dispensation, unless the Church has a worldwide council culminating in a unanimous decision of which scripture teachings we'll stand united against [our being washed by].  Then what will you do with believers like me?  Because you're certainly not able to offer me more righteousness for believing you than God offers me for believing Him.

I'll admit, God has verbally told at least one person I know of that there is a different reason for His commands in 1 Cor. 14:33-35 than the reason He has written there.  Nonetheless, I will stand alone on the Word of God, the B I B L E, to challenge God herewith: "If Your reason found in v. 34 and 35, and Your reason found in 1 Tim. 2:13,14 have become WRONG because of the passing of time or new revelation, then You need to change Your more sure written Word so those of us who live by EVERY word You speak know so!  And You should call me 'more noble' for insisting to You on this!  You know that when I pray, I declare back to You what You have SPOKEN by WRITING and promised in Your Word, and I will continue to do so unashamedly."

Incidentally, the reason God gave to this person I write of is that women [are we to believe all and only?] were located in the rear of the church taking care of their or someone else's children, which made their gender-equal participation disruptive because of mere distal location rather than gender.  Contrast that verbal rationale with the written one, "it is a shame for women to speak in the church".  Did God really have to lie in written and sealed Scripture to give this instruction?  Of course not!  Don't get me wrong - by no means AT ALL do I imply that God didn't tell this to that person.  I fully believe this person recounts truthfully that they heard this from God, but I also fully believe God wants us to quote His written Word right back to Him about it if we [rightly, IMO] struggle with the seeming or actual dissonance there.  Can God speak contradictory statements?  Yes, in which case all those statements must be TRUE (Rom. 4:17 - they become true when He speaks them if they weren't before then) - none can be false! (Titus 1:2)  In all this, I am determined to accept every word that proceeds from His mouth, for my very life's sake, even apparent contradictions to His written word.  I'll take the seaming contradictions along with the rational, but I would just want Him to expound unto me, please, as Apollos was expounded to by Aquila and Priscilla (Acts 18:26) or add more revelation to be subsequently included, i.e. SEALED, with the written Bible.  Incidentally, it was also a shame that Deborah led men into battle (Judges 4:9) when the man refused, yet God was mighty to use her that way when the man was unwilling to take receive that grace.  I can accept allowing some shame in cases like that of male unwillingness or unfitness, but not so easily when males who are both willing and fit to teach arrive but are judged less desirable in general to teach men than the woman is - special revelation excepted and with men's attendence explicitely optional, obviously. (1 Tim 2:11-14, which contains a "dispensation"-resistant rationale because it goes back to Creation)

From Ecc. 7:8-10 - "Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof...Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this."  If this is said as scriptures become less relevant because of misunderstanding dispensation, it would be the same level of satanic as saying "The less that Scripture is relevant, the better".

Now faith is the product of your envisioned desires; better yet, of your efforts toward those desires; better yet, of your "failure is not an option" determination and "never give up" persistent effort until their fruition (from Heb. 11:1, understood in context of the remainder of the chapter).  Let's envision the kingdom of heaven and make it happen.  The generation that does so - and there will be one - will doubtless be regarded as members of the Hebrews chapter 11 club.

If you're determined to be an inflexible old wineskin because you're too proud to change your public stance you've preached for so long, I'm sorry for you, but I do wish peace upon you until your replacement.

DISCLAIMERS:  I lay no claim of originality to any of the concepts herein.  A few observations I've stated were first taught by others, including Kat Kerr and Howard Storm that I know of, though I do know these are fallible people like we all are.  This composition is in a state of change - many of these thoughts are expressed disordered from what I think would be ideal.  I am working on it....

---
## [cmss13-devs/cmss13@8e8d26bbb4...](https://github.com/cmss13-devs/cmss13/commit/8e8d26bbb4f1617ea1b1ffc17ffffca552ce8c11)
##### 2021-06-26 23:47:39 by Chadwick B. Dunlop

initial commit


fixes bad init


adds lad cabins, mini crate props, north LZ1 changes, rotary phones


Adds new shiva specific ice walls


barrel yard and bar changes


new walls, composite icons, props


replaces all old ice tiles


rebases icons


rotation backend for testing


fixes shit


reinforced wall sprites and code


removes bad variables that break smooth step


adds nautical greebles and remaps the RD area on ice


fort biceps, Z2 smushed into Z1


fuck


includes new shiva turfs


fixes ice axes


chess drinks


Adds survey equipment, wire handrails, non overlay water, etc


auto ice, full area and apc support, working DS


More Ice colony hell


more ice changes, pre rebase


rebase_ico2


readds rebased icons


details the bar, adds minecart tracks, redoes salt shakers


Adds animated floor icons, minecart edits, new flags


lights and ne hive adjustments


last minute ice_colony_v3 setup


last minute area changes


Fixes missing broken tiles, removed all but 3 caps


Adds instructions to control point desc


fixes pass through prefabs


removes capture points from Shivas


removes a control point that I missed by the bar


Apparently removes control points for like, the 3rd time


removes control points references in shiva area code


More follow up ice changes, fixes some bullshit that got rolled back


final details on ice colony


Nanu live review


Desc changes in the props + last minute bugfixes


fixes the ice blocks and the layering for the cavemen, fixes landstrip l


Minor fixes and edits to the Almayer


Fixes my fuck up with the props, adds stuff to the Almayer


shiva windows and naut review


Fixes pipes on the almayer, other code comments from MR

---

# [<](2021-06-25.md) 2021-06-26 [>](2021-06-27.md)

