# [<](2021-05-10.md) 2021-05-11 [>](2021-05-12.md)

6,393,446 events, 964,798 push events, 1,533,534 commit messages, 130,054,457 characters


## [vlggms/tegustation](https://github.com/vlggms/tegustation)@[7c4efd1d77...](https://github.com/vlggms/tegustation/commit/7c4efd1d7762abc8402f1f9a030c25f3d6715045)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 00:16:55 by SmArtKar

Fixes god damn simplemob chems (#124)

* Fixes god damn simplemob chems

Retards, I already gave you the fucking fix a year ago

* Update holder.dm

---
## [clarkkozak/Notes](https://github.com/clarkkozak/Notes)@[8e06fdd2bd...](https://github.com/clarkkozak/Notes/commit/8e06fdd2bdf0ad75e4caa1722e017f514ead12ec)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 00:32:28 by Clark Kozak

haskell: p12 (i think i'm going to be sick)

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4771083/help-me-find-the-problem-with-my-solution-to-project-euler-12-in-haskell

I mean holy shit. Project Euler really does force you do learn math

Or forces you do uses 3rd party packages if you are a cheater like me

I think I need to take a break from this stuff.

This has to be the best solution i came across:
https://zach.se/project-euler-solutions/12/

---
## [NicholasReis/Stock-Analysis](https://github.com/NicholasReis/Stock-Analysis)@[b435f50778...](https://github.com/NicholasReis/Stock-Analysis/commit/b435f50778f263348adb1fa81448211406221365)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 05:19:38 by NicholasReis

Shits fucked and so am I.
I created a temporary file to test data and build the functionality so I could take a break from the nightmare that is reading the JSON formatting the yahoo.finance team produced.
I will continue working on reading the info from the file since I could later just output to a file once I format the yahoo.IHateUserInteraction string.

I am close, but python is a cruel bitch. We'll figure her out though. Eventually.

---
## [Hahoolah/Programvaruarkitektur](https://github.com/Hahoolah/Programvaruarkitektur)@[ab5de31f38...](https://github.com/Hahoolah/Programvaruarkitektur/commit/ab5de31f387c558d6c9fbbf2b10d7fe76899a81f)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 08:06:48 by jesper-and

god fucking damnit fuck you github yo u massive swine

spent 8 hours after our meeting trying to merge this fucking asshole. Decided to just hard move the entire filepackage instead and it worked. If i have to merge something again id rather shave my head.

TRUCKFSM implemented, apply it to a truck prefab, remove the truckforward and then youre good to go.

---
## [canalplus/rx-player](https://github.com/canalplus/rx-player)@[8624558af0...](https://github.com/canalplus/rx-player/commit/8624558af08a26b0a0883fb22c99b7ec1c23c66b)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 08:41:20 by Paul Berberian

remove most rxjs-related code from the SegmentBuffers and transports

This commit is a first attempt to remove most RxJS-related code from the
RxPlayer code. Here it is mainly done for the code inside
`src/core/segment_buffers`.

There are multiple reasons for this weird new idea:

  1. Observables in general are complex beasts. By default, they are
     lazy, they are called as much times as they are subscribed to,
     they are "teared down" (all linked side-effects such as event
     listeners are cleaned-up) automatically on unsubscription,
     depending on the scheduler used they may emit or be subscribed to
     in a synchronous or multiple types of asynchronous ways, they keep
     being open until you either complete them, emit an error or
     unsubscribe from them - when you're not careful, you thus have a
     chance of leaking memory.

     Even if we understand it well, we still make frequent mistakes with
     it, some having pretty big consequences (e.g. big memory leak in
     #913, API events sent too much time in #850 - well to be honest -
     I am guilty on both I think!).

     And that's only talking about us, with multiple years of experience
     with it. Newer developper may find it even more complex to
     understand.

  2. Observables are IMO too much used in the code, even when `Promises`
     seems like a simpler and better solution (for example when there is
     only one item emitted).

  3. They are too risky (in my opinion) when we're talking about code
     with important side-effects (e.g. HTTP requests, SourceBuffer
     interactions, API interactions) due to the easyness with which we
     can perform them multiple times by mistake.

  4. I find Observables tear-down too implicit (the fact that it happens
     silently on unsubscription, mostly) for what we use it for:
     Unsubscribing from some Observables will stop the content, others
     will stop segments from being pushed, others will cancel requests.

     Here I would prefer a much more explicit solution: one where we
     explicitly write a line of code anouncing that operation are
     aborted at the time we abort them.

  5. Call stacks are unreadable and too long currently. I don't know if
     we ever exploited any call stack information because of that.

     The fact that call stacks are unreadable seems to be directly
     linked to the heavy usage of RxJS operators.

  6. Observables cannot be used with async/await. We often end-up with
     a huge callback hell when inner Observables contain other inner
     Observables and so one, whereas it could in effect be much simpler.

I still think that there are real good use cases for RxJS in the
RxPlayer, for example I found the text synchronization code in the
`HTMLTextSegmentBuffer` really simple to grasp and functional.

In this commit, I also created the `TaskCanceller` util, which allows to
implement explicit Promise cancellation roughly the same way that is is
done for the native `fetch` API (on that note, I was heavily inspired by
the `AbortController` interface - used to cancel fetch operations - to
write it).

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[ca89f42572...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/ca89f425729c78c010562be3caaa5490bd951c31)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 10:32:40 by Marko Grdinić

"9:45am. I am up. Let me chill a bit and then I will start.

10:10am. Done chilling.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/n9fti7/d_a_few_helpful_pytorch_tips_examples_included/

///

I compiled some tips for PyTorch, these are things I used to make mistakes on or often forget about. I also have a Colab with examples linked below and a video version of these if you prefer that. I would also love to see if anyone has any other useful pointers!

* Create tensors directly on the target device using the device parameter.

* Use Sequential layers when possible for cleaner code.

* Don't make lists of layers, they don't get registered by the nn.Module class correctly. Instead you should pass the list into a Sequential layer as an unpacked parameter.

* PyTorch has some awesome objects and functions for distributions that I think are underused at torch.distributions.

* When storing tensor metrics in between epochs, make sure to call .detach() on them to avoid a memory leak.

* You can clear GPU cache with torch.cuda.empty_cache(), which is helpful if you want to delete and recreate a large model while using a notebook.

* Don't forget to call model.eval() before you start testing! It's simple but I forget it all the time. This will make necessary changes to layer behavior that changes in between training and eval stages (e.g. stop dropout, batch norm averaging)

Edit: I see a lot of people talking about things that are clarified in the Colab and the video I linked. Definitely recommend checking out one or the other if you want some clarification on any of the points!

This video goes a bit more in depth: https://youtu.be/BoC8SGaT3GE

Link to code: https://colab.research.google.com/drive/15vGzXs_ueoKL0jYpC4gr9BCTfWt935DC?usp=sharing

///

This post is good for me. In not too long, I am going to have to get deeply familiar with PyTorch. And I was wondering how to stop the backward pass from accumulating during testing.

10:10am. Let me watch the interview from yesterday...

https://youtu.be/CY_LEa9xQtg?t=2479
Risto Miikkulainen: Neuroevolution and Evolutionary Computation | Lex Fridman Podcast

This is how far I got yesterday. Let me put in just 20m and then I will do some programming. I think that my vacation has gone for long enough and it is time to pick up the pace soon.

10:35am. Enough of the interviews. Let me start.

I've explored all corners of my mind. The windy emotions swept my sailboat of consciousness to various different places. I've traveled enough.

While I cannot make breakthrough with the sheer power of my mind like in the PL field, and while I cannot grasp the light of the Singularity in the present, I can make the net of predictions.

Not just me, but all of us know how things are going to go. We know what pieces are necessary. This mysterious, but inexplicable intuition is pushing us forward. So I should not have doubts about how events will unfold. The base architectures will get perfected, the inner games needed for unsupervised learning will get mastered, and multi-temporal architectures will get invented. Then all the pieces will be set.

As weak as my programming skills are in the grand scheme of things, they are still my strongest powers.

If I had the future understanding, they are what would allow me to start the Singularity even in the present.

Spiral might have set me back in terms of my ML cultivation, but it will pay for itself over the long term. I could end up living a surprisingly long time.

10:45am. I can only be great through programming, so that is what I should be doing.

10:50am. Make the agent.

Almost immediatelly, even if do not automate everything and merely use it as an advisor, that will mean that I have superhuman ability in the betting game of my choice. That is what the essence of ML is.

10:55am. I might have made Spiral because I did not have faith in the present methods. It might have been to escape the responsibility of fighting in the present.

But I also did it because I had faith in the future of ML. A lot has happened in past six years, and the field has definitely progressed. It will progress as the years go by in the future.

10:55am. I should be making agents to improve my abilities. Not just for betting games, but for everything. For living.

11am. Once I have my first agent, I'll have my first ability. Once I have my first ability, I can consider myself not a loser.

So let me do it. Just like in the past six years, I should go forward without stopping.

And maybe if I am lucky, my ML abilities will improve along the way. There is a reason to be hopeful here. But absolutely nothing will happen if I do not put in the work.

If I stop moving forward, the Singularity will happen without me. I'll lose everything and will attain nothing.

```
// Filters the elements of an array using the function.
inl filter forall (ar : * -> * -> *) {create; set; index; length} dim {number} el. f (ar : ar dim el) =
    inl nearTo = length ar
    inl ar' : ar _ _ = create nearTo
    for (from:0 nearTo:) (fun i count => if f i then set ar' i (index ar i) . count + 1 else count) 0
    |> fun nearTo => init nearTo (index ar')
```

Wait, I am confused. Why am I passing in the index here? Damn.

```
// Filters the elements of an array using the function.
inl filter forall (ar : * -> * -> *) {create; set; index; length} dim {number} el. f (ar : ar dim el) =
    inl nearTo = length ar
    inl ar' : ar _ _ = create nearTo
    for (from:0 nearTo:) (fun i count =>
        inl x = index ar i
        if f x then set ar' i x . count + 1 else count
        ) 0
    |> fun nearTo => init nearTo (index ar')
```

This is how filter should have been done.

```
// Picks out the elements from the array.
inl choose forall (ar : * -> * -> *) {create; set; index; length} dim {number} el. f (ar : ar dim el) =
    inl nearTo = length ar
    inl ar' : ar _ _ = create nearTo
    for (from:0 nearTo:) (fun i count =>
        inl x = index ar i
        match f x with
        | Some: x => set ar' i x . count + 1
        | None => count
        ) 0
    |> fun nearTo => init nearTo (index ar')
```

Here is choose. Let me make a non-generic version.

```
// Picks out the elements from the array.
inl choose forall (ar : * -> * -> *) {create; set; index; length} dim {number} el el'. : _ -> ar dim el -> ar dim el' = choose
```

Good.

```
inl run batch_size p game =
    let rec loop (l : a u64 _) =
        inl cs,update =
            l |> am.choose function
                | Some: (Action: player_state,game_state,pid,actions,next) =>
                    Some: player_state,game_state,pid,actions
                | _ => None
            |> p
        am.mapFold (fun i => function
            | Some: (Action: _,_,_,_,next) => (Some: next (index cs i)), i+1
            | None => None, i
            ) 0 l
        |> fst |> loop |> update
    loop (am.init batch_size fun _ => Some: game pl2_init)
```

Hmmmm...no wait. The update is wrong somehow. Yeah, I need to combine what I get from loop with the terminals.

11:45am.

```
inl run batch_size p game =
    let rec loop (l : a u64 _) =
        inl cs,update =
            l |> am.choose function
                | Some: (Action: player_state,game_state,pid,actions,next) =>
                    Some: player_state,game_state,pid,actions
                | _ => None
            |> p
        let r =
            am.mapFold (fun i => function
                | Some: (Action: _,_,_,_,next) => (Some: next (index cs i)), i+1
                | None => None, i
                ) 0 l
            |> fst |> loop
            |> am.mapFold (fun i => function
                | Some: (Action: _,_,_,_,next) => (Some: next (index cs i)), i+1
                | None => None, i
                ) 0
            |> fst |> update
        am.mapFold (fun i a =>
            match a with
            | Some: (Terminal: _,_,r) => (Some: r), i
            | Some: (Action: _) => (Some: index r i), i+1
            | _ => None, i
            ) 0 l
        |> fst
    loop (am.init batch_size fun _ => Some: game pl2_init)
```

Gah, making sure that I am only touching the selected actions is driving me insane. Let me just get their indexes first. I should not have bothered with making choose. Let me just get their indexes instead and I will do my map operations over that.

12:10pm.

```

inl run batch_size p game =
    let rec loop (l : a u64 _) =
        inl action_indices : ra u64 _ = am.empty
        l |> am.iteri (fun i => function
            | Some: (Action: _) => rm.add is i
            | _ => ()
            )
        inl map_actions f : a u64 _ =
            is |> am.generic.map fun i =>
                match index l i with
                | Some: (Action: x) => f i x
                | _ => failwith "impossible"
        inl cs,update =
            map_actions fun i (player_state,game_state,pid,actions,next) =>
                player_state,game_state,pid,actions
            |> p
        inl r =
            is |> am.generic.map fun i =>
        ()
```

Gah, it is not going well. My earlier plans are all in shambles. Let me take a break here. I think I might split the rewards from the actions at every juncture.

12:30pm. Should I push the patch now that I modified the core library? Forget it, the connection has been iffy lately."

---
## [Florane/sdl_game](https://github.com/Florane/sdl_game)@[602d30ad7d...](https://github.com/Florane/sdl_game/commit/602d30ad7d32380d69debcfa5e9043d2a9dec26f)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 12:01:13 by Florane

More MVS compatability

i am in pain and the world is fucking misery

---
## [Florane/sdl_game](https://github.com/Florane/sdl_game)@[505b047fe1...](https://github.com/Florane/sdl_game/commit/505b047fe1cba977828d7be0b838b70d578c1dcf)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 12:30:23 by Florane

god fucking dammit fucking delete this shit i fucking hate it

---
## [Feel65/SkyblockClient-REPO](https://github.com/Feel65/SkyblockClient-REPO)@[7d93d1097a...](https://github.com/Feel65/SkyblockClient-REPO/commit/7d93d1097afbf1db18d687982dae1d8b8d9618f4)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 19:20:28 by Feel65

hell no

that description sucked ass and you forgot to capitalize Optifine

---
## [SgtHunk/fulpstation-1](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1)@[84619189c6...](https://github.com/SgtHunk/fulpstation-1/commit/84619189c637b8afb04a4419d70379dcedf7a4c4)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-11 22:31:15 by Enricode

A lot of stuff

All directionals I think except door buttons because fuck you they're 75 and I need to put IDs in all of them I already spent 30+ minutes on the requests consoles
Oh yeah also adds the cargo stuff

---

# [<](2021-05-10.md) 2021-05-11 [>](2021-05-12.md)

