# [<](2021-08-05.md) 2021-08-06 [>](2021-08-07.md)

2,791,817 events, 1,413,327 push events, 2,245,298 commit messages, 170,089,656 characters


## [vlaci/nix-doom-emacs](https://github.com/vlaci/nix-doom-emacs)@[eaa7de7e7a...](https://github.com/vlaci/nix-doom-emacs/commit/eaa7de7e7a4a8128929398ac9b8962d3cdbed5c9)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 00:15:45 by github-actions[bot]

test/doom.d/init.el: Updating from hlissner/doom-emacs - a2a128d3

### Changes for test/doom.d/init.el

```diff
--- 
+++ 
@@ -23,7 +23,8 @@
        company           ; the ultimate code completion backend
        ;;helm              ; the *other* search engine for love and life
        ;;ido               ; the other *other* search engine...
-       ivy               ; a search engine for love and life
+       ;;ivy               ; a search engine for love and life
+       vertico           ; the search engine of the future
 
        :ui
        ;;deft              ; notational velocity for Emacs
@@ -119,6 +120,7 @@
        ;;csharp            ; unity, .NET, and mono shenanigans
        ;;data              ; config/data formats
        ;;(dart +flutter)   ; paint ui and not much else
+       ;;dhall
        ;;elixir            ; erlang done right
        ;;elm               ; care for a cup of TEA?
        emacs-lisp        ; drown in parentheses
@@ -170,7 +172,7 @@
        ;;zig               ; C, but simpler
 
        :email
-       ;;(mu4e +gmail)
+       ;;(mu4e +org +gmail)
        ;;notmuch
        ;;(wanderlust +gmail)
 

```

---
## [jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces](https://github.com/jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces)@[89f7199064...](https://github.com/jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces/commit/89f7199064913739f99256cfe75e0a00eec8260e)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 05:37:39 by Sree Prosenzit Kumar Sharma

A. Mishka and Game

https://codeforces.com/contest/703/problem/A

Mishka is a little polar bear. As known, little bears loves spending their free time playing dice for chocolates. Once in a wonderful sunny morning, walking around blocks of ice, Mishka met her friend Chris, and they started playing the game.

Rules of the game are very simple: at first number of rounds n is defined. In every round each of the players throws a cubical dice with distinct numbers from 1 to 6 written on its faces. Player, whose value after throwing the dice is greater, wins the round. In case if player dice values are equal, no one of them is a winner.

In average, player, who won most of the rounds, is the winner of the game. In case if two players won the same number of rounds, the result of the game is draw.

Mishka is still very little and can't count wins and losses, so she asked you to watch their game and determine its result. Please help her!

Input
The first line of the input contains single integer n n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100) — the number of game rounds.

The next n lines contains rounds description. i-th of them contains pair of integers mi and ci (1 ≤ mi,  ci ≤ 6) — values on dice upper face after Mishka's and Chris' throws in i-th round respectively.

Output
If Mishka is the winner of the game, print "Mishka" (without quotes) in the only line.

If Chris is the winner of the game, print "Chris" (without quotes) in the only line.

If the result of the game is draw, print "Friendship is magic!^^" (without quotes) in the only line.

Examples
input
3
3 5
2 1
4 2
output
Mishka
input
2
6 1
1 6
output
Friendship is magic!^^
input
3
1 5
3 3
2 2
output
Chris
Note
In the first sample case Mishka loses the first round, but wins second and third rounds and thus she is the winner of the game.

In the second sample case Mishka wins the first round, Chris wins the second round, and the game ends with draw with score 1:1.

In the third sample case Chris wins the first round, but there is no winner of the next two rounds. The winner of the game is Chris.

---
## [jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces](https://github.com/jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces)@[445a8fda6c...](https://github.com/jeet-sharma-bd/CodeForces/commit/445a8fda6c575c35456e4a8d64cebf53468ad39b)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 05:46:07 by Sree Prosenzit Kumar Sharma

A. New Year and Hurry

https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/750/A

Limak is going to participate in a contest on the last day of the 2016. The contest will start at 20:00 and will last four hours, exactly until midnight. There will be n problems, sorted by difficulty, i.e. problem 1 is the easiest and problem n is the hardest. Limak knows it will take him 5·i minutes to solve the i-th problem.

Limak's friends organize a New Year's Eve party and Limak wants to be there at midnight or earlier. He needs k minutes to get there from his house, where he will participate in the contest first.

How many problems can Limak solve if he wants to make it to the party?

Input
The only line of the input contains two integers n and k (1 ≤ n ≤ 10, 1 ≤ k ≤ 240) — the number of the problems in the contest and the number of minutes Limak needs to get to the party from his house.

Output
Print one integer, denoting the maximum possible number of problems Limak can solve so that he could get to the party at midnight or earlier.

Examples
input
3 222
output
2
input
4 190
output
4
input
7 1
output
7
Note
In the first sample, there are 3 problems and Limak needs 222 minutes to get to the party. The three problems require 5, 10 and 15 minutes respectively. Limak can spend 5 + 10 = 15 minutes to solve first two problems. Then, at 20:15 he can leave his house to get to the party at 23:57 (after 222 minutes). In this scenario Limak would solve 2 problems. He doesn't have enough time to solve 3 problems so the answer is 2.

In the second sample, Limak can solve all 4 problems in 5 + 10 + 15 + 20 = 50 minutes. At 20:50 he will leave the house and go to the party. He will get there exactly at midnight.

In the third sample, Limak needs only 1 minute to get to the party. He has enough time to solve all 7 problems.

---
## [BurgerLUA/burgerstation](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation)@[bfd81ff90d...](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation/commit/bfd81ff90d1568615754ffaff254fa031c834c90)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 07:14:56 by Stalkeros2

Minor antagonist tweaks and fixes (#354)

* Hell yeah sprites are here now

* Some more uniforms and stuff

* Ballistic for revs

* More rev shit that was missing before

* Better nagant

Still no speedloaders but who gives a shit

* I fixed something but I forgot what

* Some tweaks that might not work

Co-authored-by: BurgerLUA <8602857+BurgerLUA@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [smokey18/device_xiaomi_mido](https://github.com/smokey18/device_xiaomi_mido)@[ab26d248bc...](https://github.com/smokey18/device_xiaomi_mido/commit/ab26d248bcc1536819d05590473c5663d7e60b6e)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 09:38:55 by Smokey

mido: GcamGo MOD 2.5: Greatness v210730.1921Test

Changelogs:
- No Aux Version
- It should Provide a more Decent HDR. I tried to make it less saturated (more natural), defined highlights (not shit ass bright), and more natural shadows.
- App will install and Night Mode and Portrait will work for 32bit devices. (I used older libs for 32 Bit since I couldn't find newer).  64 bit stays same as before.

Signed-off-by: smokey18 <kmboplays@gmail.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5e5ae92705...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5e5ae92705d9cfac43a94c09d3c83fbef6254777)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 11:03:26 by Marko Grdinić

"11:25am. Yeah, it is good. In the `.pyx` file The union case names have changed, but the code is identical. Let me improve the error message for the list pattern error.

```fs
    | CasePatternNotFoundForType(i,n) -> sprintf "%s does not have the %s case." (show_nominal env i) n
    | CasePatternNotFound n -> sprintf "Cannot find a function with the same name as the %s case in the environment." n
```

This would have made the error a lot less confusing.

Ok, how about I remove some extra things from the language.

```fs
    let rec apply_record r s l x =
        let f = apply_record r s
        match visit_t x with
        | TySymbol x ->
            match Map.tryFind x l with
            | Some x -> unify r s x
            | None -> errors.Add(r,RecordIndexFailed x)
        | TyPair(a, b) ->
            match visit_t a with
            | TySymbol x ->
                match Map.tryFind x l with
                | Some a ->
                    match visit_t a with
                    | TyRecord l -> f l b
                    | a -> unify r a (TyFun(b,s))
                | None -> errors.Add(r,RecordIndexFailed x)
            | _ -> errors.Add(r,ExpectedSymbolAsRecordKey x)
        | x -> errors.Add(r,ExpectedSymbolAsRecordKey x)
```

This nested record application is something I've never used. Now that I do not have paired symbols it is even less necessary. Let me simplify the implementation.

```fs
    let rec apply_record r s l x =
        let f = apply_record r s
        match visit_t x with
        | TySymbol x ->
            match Map.tryFind x l with
            | Some x -> unify r s x
            | None -> errors.Add(r,RecordIndexFailed x)
        | x -> errors.Add(r,ExpectedSymbolAsRecordKey x)
```

This was even more annoying on the type level. I should remember to also remove it from the pevaller.

```fs
            | DRecord a, DPair(DSymbol b,b') ->
                match Map.tryFind b a with
                | Some a -> apply s (a, b')
                | None -> raise_type_error s <| sprintf "Cannot find the key %s inside the record." b
```

Done.

12:05pm.

```
WIP - 2.1.0

* Major change: Removed the symbol paired pattern and related renamings for it from the language due to it being an eyesore and causing confusion.
* Major change: The union pattern syntax is now like F#'s. The argument to the union can be ommitted in which case it is assumed to be wildcard. `| Some => ...` is the same as `| Some _ => ...`.
* Minor change: Removed the record paired symbol application that I haven't used even once.
* Minor change: Removed core and replaced it with core2.
* Minor change: Instead of the paired symbol pattern, the Record ops now use records. The same goes for core functions in general.
* Patch: Added the `limit` module and removed `limit_min` and `limit_max` modules from core.

This update does not add anything to the language and just gets rid of the low quality experimental syntax. It only increased the complexity of the language and just made the implementation more difficult along with causing ambiguity for the user. Now the variables you type are the variables that are under the hood. No more spurious renaming. The paired symbol pattern would have made some sense if I was doing programming in the bottom up where records are leaky, but I am doing so little programming in that part that it does not matter.

The record symbol application was already broken as it is due to the inference engine not being able to fill in the type variables during module application. Along with it not being used, it is prime material for the chopping block.

The design of Spiral should be fairly vanilla now and that is good. I've been comparing the ease of use of Spiral to F# and Python, and the extra bit of complexity the paired symbol pattern introduced pushed Spiral into negative. Writing Spiral code should feel smoother now. Later on, not having to deal with this complexity will make it easier to implement autocomplete and renaming.

Fixing the library and the project I am working on is easy, but what will I do about the docs? Being the only user does not give me much incentive to work on it, so I'll leave a note that the symbol paired pattern no longer works in the news.
```

I'll leave this in the changelog.

Let me just check one thing. Will `Some()` work correctly?

```
// Does option work with unit types?

inl main() =
    inl ~x = Some()
    match x with
    | Some x => x
    | None => ()
```

Yes this is perfect.

12:10pm. Now that I've taken the time to do the redesign, the state of Spiral is as good as it will get. Module systems are too much of a high hanging fruit.

Let me set the thing to run again.

Yeah, it works. Removing the `Merge = Head` worked as well. Good.

I thought it might take a week, but it did not even take a full day.

12:15pm. It is time for a breather and then breakfast. I doubt I will be doing any more programming for the time being.

I've been thinking during the night about what I should do. I did my best, but the training process here is just too slow and weak to give me anything of significant value.

Even if the player was solidly superhuman I still would not like sitting in front of the screen and inputting its instruction into the poker client. Let alone the weak player I'll get. Right now I am running it, but given how long it is taking on what should be a literal slot machine with no hidden info that is a clear omen of what is going to happen if I try to rely on this in the real world.

12:20pm. I've tapped out here. I think I've pushed the 3/5 realm to its limit, but I do not have enough to break through.

How do I cultivate going from here? Since I cannot force inspiration, the best way to make progress would be to just get better hardware.

I've been focusing on neuroschips. Groq, Graphcore, Tensorforce all fit the bill, I should look into buying them.

But a memory came during the night of a few guys doing RL on an FPGA and getting millions of frames per second on Atari. I read a blog post long ago. For poker this might be a viable approach.

GPU + CPU are just such a poor fit, and I am paying extreme price in transfering data back and forth.

If I had the money to buy a FPGA, this would indeed be a viable approach.

If the game I was trying to master was the 1/2(100) HU SNG instead of the 10x sized one, it is likely that that my attempt here might be viable.

12:25pm. Still, FPGA are different from regular programming and I doubt writing a Spiral backend for such a device would be viable. They might be too difficult to program. I do not really know anything about them apart from the rumors of them being hard to deal with.

A more specialized solution for deep learning would be better. Something like a GPU without its restrictions. This is not what I expect neuromorphic chips to end up being, but I do expect Groq, Graphcore and Tensorforce's devices to be in that family.

```
inl neural_selector (hu_actions {is_fold is_raise call=call' raise_min raise_max} : actions) : a st action =
```

Hah, I can finally fix this part.

```
inl neural_selector (hu_actions {is_fold is_raise call raise_min raise_max} : actions) : a st action =
```

Previously, the `Call` union got renamed to `call`, and it was giving an error on...

```
    inl neural_selector (hu_actions {is_fold is_raise call raise_min raise_max} : actions) : a st action =
        inl h : dictm.dict st () = dictm.empty
        inl x : ra st _ = am.empty
        if is_fold then rm.add x Fold
        rm.add x Call
```

...this last line. I ran into similar trouble before. Now the language is polished. I've learned my lesson over messing with syntax. F# got it right.

12:35pm. What is my duty here? I'll let this thing run, see what transfer learning advantages there are between games by comparing the pretrained net here and a random one on full Holdem. I'll train the value function on full Holdem and let the agent fight it out against itself.

I'll consider it a scientific experiment. I might not expect much from this, but it would be stupid not to let it run. It will add a bit to the electricity bill, but so what.

12:50pm. So in the end I do not have a choice but to get a job. It will take a while to train the agent anyway, and if by any chance it does turn out to be good, I can always just quit and apply to the HU SNG game. But I think that getting an agent good at Holdem would take months of training at this rate.

If I can get those neurochips, the rate at which I can train will go up by a factor of 1,000x.

12:55pm. I've hit a lul and it will take time to overcome it. I might as well take a 'break' from endlessly pushing myself past my limits.

The training scheme is set. The only thing I need to adjust is the ui game itself, but that won't be hard. I just need to change a few arguments like the game mode and restriction. Should be easy.

Let me take a break first and then I will think about applying to those AI companies again. But since tech hiring is a roulete game, it does not really matter where I end up as. I won't expect fate to help me here. A job that is light and leave me a lot leisure time might be preferrable to something that these AI chip compos anyway. Pay is not too important since I do not need the money.

The chips will come out on the market eventually, no need to rush things.

1pm. Let me get breakfast."

---
## [furfsky/furfsky.github.io](https://github.com/furfsky/furfsky.github.io)@[643809d23d...](https://github.com/furfsky/furfsky.github.io/commit/643809d23df5eb3b513e76d57913427958857114)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 15:19:08 by Erymanthus[#5074] | (u/)RayDeeUx

Connection terminated. I'm sorry to interrupt you Elizabeth, if you still even remember that name, but I'm afraid you've been misinformed. You're not here to receive a gift, nor have you been called here by the individual you assume, although you have indeed been called. You have all been called here, into a labyrinth of sounds and smells, misdirection and misfortune. A labyrinth with no exit, a maze with no prize. You don't even realize that you are trapped. Your lust for blood has driven you in endless circles, chasing the cries of children in some unseen chamber always seeming so near, yet somehow out of reach. But you will never find them, none of you will. This is where your story ends.  And to you, my brave volunteer, who somehow found this job listing not intended for you, although there was a way out planned for you, I have a feeling that's not what you want. I have a feeling that you are right where you want to be. I am remaining as well. I am nearby. This place will not be remembered and the memory of everything that started this can finally begin to fade away, as the agony of every tragedy should. And to you monsters trapped in the corridors, be still, and give up your spirits. They don't belong to you. For most of you, I believe there is peace and perhaps more waiting for you after the smoke clears. Although for one of you, the darkest pit of hell has opened to swallow you whole, so don't keep the devil waiting old friend.  My daughter, if you can hear me, I knew you would return as well. It's in your nature to protect the innocent. I'm sorry that on that day, the day you were shut out and left to die, no one was there to lift you up into their arms, the way you lifted others into yours. And then, what became of you? I should have known you wouldn't be contempt to just disappear, not my daughter. I couldn't save you then, so let me save you now.  It's time to rest. For you, and those you have carried in your arms. This ends, for all of us.

---
## [ewanmatthews/Archivist-Bot](https://github.com/ewanmatthews/Archivist-Bot)@[8fba1aaa91...](https://github.com/ewanmatthews/Archivist-Bot/commit/8fba1aaa912ba44f4cc387d90c6c0ea825f0b333)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 15:58:20 by Ewan Matthews

Donations and Paintings!!!

The Archvist Bot will now describe paintings you find! These can include subject descriptions (some famous paintings are included), value judgements (ugly/beautiful/abstract), and moody statements as well, meditating on the time these works took, the mind behind each, and the nature of the isolated Archivist.
These came with an update that includes donation provenance. This is exciting because those who donated paintings left behind notes. I hope these little extra words will add depth, mystery, and a richness to the Archivist Bot!

---
## [Perkedel/After-Church](https://github.com/Perkedel/After-Church)@[06809c051c...](https://github.com/Perkedel/After-Church/commit/06809c051c5f7b0fabc652fa30c937a6c19a81d2)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 20:20:57 by Joel Robert Justiawan

oh my god, why figuring out tempo is haard?!

I was analyzing tempo and its changes in our nation's anthem, Indonesia Raya. Yes, that infamous symphony version. SO HAARD turns out, there isn't anybody ever been making this into a rhythm game, wait, osu! ... hold on. Nope, can't find it.

Yeah, I think this will be the first time in the Rhythm gaming history to have Indonesia Raya in it. And oh, after it's done, you gamers are free to place in your SQUAT at anytime you'd like wink yeah! Of couse, the FlagHoister stage can be used now at your discretion woohoo lol of course, don't use this for illegal purpose you know.

---
## [luisrodrigues154/Cyber-Security](https://github.com/luisrodrigues154/Cyber-Security)@[b301bd5973...](https://github.com/luisrodrigues154/Cyber-Security/commit/b301bd5973c1f288adc29d0ad64df5ef03c524ab)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 21:08:10 by waza

New HTB easy machine... train windows my friends

Fuck you HTB... i mean thank you for the ban kiss kiss bang bang

---
## [Jordaneddielinton93/Web-Dev-Road-Map-Course](https://github.com/Jordaneddielinton93/Web-Dev-Road-Map-Course)@[1c0716ca8e...](https://github.com/Jordaneddielinton93/Web-Dev-Road-Map-Course/commit/1c0716ca8e00454de562965548ffa8ef84c61cd6)
#### Friday 2021-08-06 22:08:10 by Jordan Linton

refactored my code to use useContext Matched with useReducer is just FUCKING AMAZING sorry about the language but its under valued

---

# [<](2021-08-05.md) 2021-08-06 [>](2021-08-07.md)

