# [<](2021-09-21.md) 2021-09-22 [>](2021-09-23.md)

3,621,022 events, 1,619,876 push events, 2,493,260 commit messages, 193,683,088 characters


## [bcopeland/wireless-testing](https://github.com/bcopeland/wireless-testing)@[0650bf52b3...](https://github.com/bcopeland/wireless-testing/commit/0650bf52b31ff35dc6430fc2e37969c36baba724)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 02:12:39 by Vladimir Oltean

net: dsa: be compatible with masters which unregister on shutdown

Lino reports that on his system with bcmgenet as DSA master and KSZ9897
as a switch, rebooting or shutting down never works properly.

What does the bcmgenet driver have special to trigger this, that other
DSA masters do not? It has an implementation of ->shutdown which simply
calls its ->remove implementation. Otherwise said, it unregisters its
network interface on shutdown.

This message can be seen in a loop, and it hangs the reboot process there:

unregister_netdevice: waiting for eth0 to become free. Usage count = 3

So why 3?

A usage count of 1 is normal for a registered network interface, and any
virtual interface which links itself as an upper of that will increment
it via dev_hold. In the case of DSA, this is the call path:

dsa_slave_create
-> netdev_upper_dev_link
   -> __netdev_upper_dev_link
      -> __netdev_adjacent_dev_insert
         -> dev_hold

So a DSA switch with 3 interfaces will result in a usage count elevated
by two, and netdev_wait_allrefs will wait until they have gone away.

Other stacked interfaces, like VLAN, watch NETDEV_UNREGISTER events and
delete themselves, but DSA cannot just vanish and go poof, at most it
can unbind itself from the switch devices, but that must happen strictly
earlier compared to when the DSA master unregisters its net_device, so
reacting on the NETDEV_UNREGISTER event is way too late.

It seems that it is a pretty established pattern to have a driver's
->shutdown hook redirect to its ->remove hook, so the same code is
executed regardless of whether the driver is unbound from the device, or
the system is just shutting down. As Florian puts it, it is quite a big
hammer for bcmgenet to unregister its net_device during shutdown, but
having a common code path with the driver unbind helps ensure it is well
tested.

So DSA, for better or for worse, has to live with that and engage in an
arms race of implementing the ->shutdown hook too, from all individual
drivers, and do something sane when paired with masters that unregister
their net_device there. The only sane thing to do, of course, is to
unlink from the master.

However, complications arise really quickly.

The pattern of redirecting ->shutdown to ->remove is not unique to
bcmgenet or even to net_device drivers. In fact, SPI controllers do it
too (see dspi_shutdown -> dspi_remove), and presumably, I2C controllers
and MDIO controllers do it too (this is something I have not researched
too deeply, but even if this is not the case today, it is certainly
plausible to happen in the future, and must be taken into consideration).

Since DSA switches might be SPI devices, I2C devices, MDIO devices, the
insane implication is that for the exact same DSA switch device, we
might have both ->shutdown and ->remove getting called.

So we need to do something with that insane environment. The pattern
I've come up with is "if this, then not that", so if either ->shutdown
or ->remove gets called, we set the device's drvdata to NULL, and in the
other hook, we check whether the drvdata is NULL and just do nothing.
This is probably not necessary for platform devices, just for devices on
buses, but I would really insist for consistency among drivers, because
when code is copy-pasted, it is not always copy-pasted from the best
sources.

So depending on whether the DSA switch's ->remove or ->shutdown will get
called first, we cannot really guarantee even for the same driver if
rebooting will result in the same code path on all platforms. But
nonetheless, we need to do something minimally reasonable on ->shutdown
too to fix the bug. Of course, the ->remove will do more (a full
teardown of the tree, with all data structures freed, and this is why
the bug was not caught for so long). The new ->shutdown method is kept
separate from dsa_unregister_switch not because we couldn't have
unregistered the switch, but simply in the interest of doing something
quick and to the point.

The big question is: does the DSA switch's ->shutdown get called earlier
than the DSA master's ->shutdown? If not, there is still a risk that we
might still trigger the WARN_ON in unregister_netdevice that says we are
attempting to unregister a net_device which has uppers. That's no good.
Although the reference to the master net_device won't physically go away
even if DSA's ->shutdown comes afterwards, remember we have a dev_hold
on it.

The answer to that question lies in this comment above device_link_add:

 * A side effect of the link creation is re-ordering of dpm_list and the
 * devices_kset list by moving the consumer device and all devices depending
 * on it to the ends of these lists (that does not happen to devices that have
 * not been registered when this function is called).

so the fact that DSA uses device_link_add towards its master is not
exactly for nothing. device_shutdown() walks devices_kset from the back,
so this is our guarantee that DSA's shutdown happens before the master's
shutdown.

Fixes: 2f1e8ea726e9 ("net: dsa: link interfaces with the DSA master to get rid of lockdep warnings")
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/netdev/20210909095324.12978-1-LinoSanfilippo@gmx.de/
Reported-by: Lino Sanfilippo <LinoSanfilippo@gmx.de>
Signed-off-by: Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>
Tested-by: Andrew Lunn <andrew@lunn.ch>
Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

---
## [layer8games/tower](https://github.com/layer8games/tower)@[910bfc71f2...](https://github.com/layer8games/tower/commit/910bfc71f2114a187547c714b01b05cffe22d055)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 03:41:48 by Maxwell

Shit is broken. I added specular lighting, as I am realizing what a shading/lighting SYSTEM is really about. I need to refactor this badly, make a formalized API for graphics. However, Model::LoadFromOBJ is fucked. I am going to let this branch... go... a little more stale. I hate that I am doing this. But... I need to go and fix the object loading. FBX! Here we come!

---
## [ghshephard/morsels](https://github.com/ghshephard/morsels)@[22326254fe...](https://github.com/ghshephard/morsels/commit/22326254fecbaad15891eda66f356e1e3af9c9c8)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 05:03:05 by Gordon Shephard

Use of re.VERBOSE
Okay - if they say you only learn through pain, I learned
a lot tonight about re.VERBOSE - it ignores *all* whitespace
unless it's \ or in a character class.  Took me about 30 minutes to
figure that out.  Hopefully the lesson will stick.

On the pro side, I did drive into my neurons, over and over,
the use of (?<= and (?<!)   and hopefully won't forget
their parallel, (?= and (?!)  - honestly - surprised
I haven't used them brefore.

---
## [okias/linux](https://github.com/okias/linux)@[116996d008...](https://github.com/okias/linux/commit/116996d008ed98b9f14f719a5a0901f1851d7d0a)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 05:33:05 by Paul E. McKenney

clocksource: Forgive repeated long-latency watchdog clocksource reads

Currently, the clocksource watchdog reacts to repeated long-latency
clocksource reads by marking that clocksource unstable on the theory that
these long-latency reads are a sign of a serious problem.  And this theory
does in fact have real-world support in the form of firmware issues [1].

However, it is also possible to trigger this using stress-ng on what
the stress-ng man page terms "poorly designed hardware" [2].  And it
is not necessarily a bad thing for the kernel to diagnose cases where
high-stress workloads are being run on hardware that is not designed
for this sort of use.

Nevertheless, it is quite possible that real-world use will result in
some situation requiring that high-stress workloads run on hardware
not designed to accommodate them, and also requiring that the kernel
refrain from marking clocksources unstable.

Therefore, provide an out-of-tree patch that reacts to this situation
by leaving the clocksource alone, but using the old 62.5-millisecond
skew-detection threshold in response persistent long-latency reads.
In addition, the offending clocksource is marked for re-initialization
in this case, which both restarts that clocksource with a clean bill of
health and avoids false-positive skew reports on later watchdog checks.
Once marked for re-initialization, the clocksource is not subjected
to further watchdog checking until a subsequent successful read from
that clocksource that is free of excessive delays.

[ paulmck: Apply feedback from Chao Gao ]

Link: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210513155515.GB23902@xsang-OptiPlex-9020/ # [1]
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210521083322.GG25531@xsang-OptiPlex-9020/ # [2]
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210521084405.GH25531@xsang-OptiPlex-9020/
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20210511233403.GA2896757@paulmck-ThinkPad-P17-Gen-1/
Tested-by: Chao Gao <chao.gao@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>

---
## [yashlala/dotfiles](https://github.com/yashlala/dotfiles)@[70bc96bdcd...](https://github.com/yashlala/dotfiles/commit/70bc96bdcd2ab4ea6bd19f29095fefb6c1cdce67)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 05:56:36 by Yash Lala

Revamp `nvim` setup and plugins.

Many changes here. They all broadly fall in the category of "making nvim
scale to our current workflow". We want an emacs-like experience for
neovim.

More specifically, we have:

- Re-added `vim-easymotion`. This setting may be *too* aggressive (in
  particular the mappings of `w`, `e`, `b`, etc), but we'll give it
  another shot.
- Swapped the digits and symbol keys; now that we have easymotion, we
  don't really need numbers. This has been done on the keyboard map
  (`langmap` option) level so it works across modes (no bugs, as far as
  I can tell).
- Fixed several small bugs when it comes to clashing plugins (eg.
  we used to get random garbage in our buffers when leader key timed
  out).
- Finally set up some terminal bindings. I never felt the need to use
  the nvim terminal (the rather clunky keybind didn't help) -- but now
  that I think about Justin MK's talk and realize the utility of this
  "nvim as an OS", I think I see the point. Remapped the terminal escape
  code to something nicer, and boy is the copy-paste functionality
  useful. No more messing with PRIMARY vs CLIPBOARD Xorg clipboards.
  Will try to use this more later on.

Note that `lf.nvim` still doesn't work right (it always opens files in a
new window). The README seems to be confusing buffers, windows, and
tabs; we should reevaluate whether we want to use this. We need some
better file browser, that's for sure...

---
## [o7-Fire/NodeNsfwJSAPI](https://github.com/o7-Fire/NodeNsfwJSAPI)@[4e83ccdd13...](https://github.com/o7-Fire/NodeNsfwJSAPI/commit/4e83ccdd132df0d21717dcca11b2ee528fa551f8)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 06:21:18 by Itzbenz

why the fuck you return buffer instead json object

---
## [jhn1m/Java_algorithm](https://github.com/jhn1m/Java_algorithm)@[82ff4538bf...](https://github.com/jhn1m/Java_algorithm/commit/82ff4538bfa49bb333cb23ebbb724d70939885c6)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 09:28:48 by JAEHYEON LEE

Create alarmclock.java

Full-time wakes up to the alarm every morning. It would be fortunate if I woke up right after hearing the alarm, but I am always late for school because I want to sleep a little longer.

Full-time tried everything, but his desire to sleep a little longer could not get rid of anything.

Chang-young, who felt sorry for such a full-time employee, recommended a way to use it.

It's "Set the alarm 45 minutes earlier."

This method is simple. It is to change the alarm to a time 45 minutes ahead of the original setting. This is because if I hear the alarm anyway, I will turn off the alarm and sleep a little more. Using this method, you can feel that you slept more every morning, and you are not late for school.

If Chang-young's method is used when given the alarm time set by the current full-time employee, write a program to find out when to fix it.

Input
The first line is given two integers H and M. (0 H H 23 23, 0 M M 5 59), and this means the alarm time H time M set by the current full-time employee.

The input time uses a 24-hour representation. In the 24-hour expression, the start of the day is 0:0 (midnight), and the end is 23:59 (one minute before midnight the next day). When representing time, unnecessary zero is not used.

Output
When full-time uses Chang-young's method in the first line, output the alarm time to be set. (You can print it out in the same form as the input.)

---
## [ArkaneOnline/spicybot](https://github.com/ArkaneOnline/spicybot)@[3d5fd25b22...](https://github.com/ArkaneOnline/spicybot/commit/3d5fd25b222b2853ba2f6df8281adad26cab3756)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 09:42:56 by Arkane

dammit im tired of this shit not working right holy fuck

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[bb803d080c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/bb803d080cc3fbac4b627af5f4d3c61f9a3b5840)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 11:10:12 by Marko Grdinić

"9am. Let me chill. Frieren is out. Any mail? Nope.

Getting work on PPLs would be ideal for my future cultivation plans. If not, I'll have to get something mediocre like that Tessian backend job. I'll have to reimaging myself as a freelancer. It feels like if I go down that route seriously, I can forget about being an actor in the race for the Singularity.

But I have no hope that I can beat poker with GPUs. I need millions of hands per second, not 10k.

AI chips are the only way I can seriously cultivate the programming style of using NNs to speed up the inference of arbitrary programs.

https://www.google.com/finance/quote/ARKK:NYSEARCA

If I have to get a mediocre job, the stock market will be my only hope of breaking free of that after a few years.

Right now my read is that BTC might be in a downtrend. It had a great rally for two months after breaking badly, but that might be similar to Nasdaq after the early 2000 crash. It ralied for a few months initially and then the bear market started. If it can resist and hold the line for a few months, I'd turn back to being neutral on it. And if I can start rallying on a monthly scale I'd turn bullish.

ETF groups like ARKK and TAN seem to be tied to the value of BTC as a party of the risk-on group, so now is not a time to buy them. If BTC goes under they will get dragged down with it.

Making these reads is easy enough. The most important thing in trading, that I had the least while I was active as a trader, is patience.

9:15am. BTC is not a big deal. If it goes under some other bull market will take its place. That is the way things roll in financial markets.

9:20am. If I got a job so I had money to trade with, I'd literally have to pray that the Singularity happens in the 30s or 40s, otherwise I will be busy website doing backends while it is happening. How humiliating would that be?

9:30am. Let me chill just a bit more and then I will resume the lectures from yesterday.

9:55am. Ok, let me start. I'll resume the lectures from yesterday.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MzVlYYGtg0M
CS 285: Lecture 19, Control as Inference, Part 1

Done with the last VI lecture. Should I go for this as well? Right now I've come to some understanding of VI and wondering how to go further.

10:20am. Ok, let me think. There isn't much I can do as far as implementing it in a PPL. I could do the black box version, but I am not interested in that. I still do not know enough to cross the conceptual gap with that Gaussian thing. And I am not sure how the black box version is derived.

So I should study more.

I might as well watch lectures and read books for the next week. After that I'll check Z's status and make my next move from there.

10:45am. I find it interesting that only the VI lectures and past that are labeled. If that was not the case I'd have missed them. Somebody out there must like the Bayes stuff and wants others to see it.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NgU3EKHlpY
CS 285: Lecture 19, Control as Inference, Part 2

I might as well watch this.

https://youtu.be/1NgU3EKHlpY?t=1023

Let me do a bit of practice as I am so out of touch with actually applying the Bayes rule.

```
p(a,s|O) / p(s|O)
```

```
p(a,s|O) * p(O) = p(O|a,s) * p(a,s)
p(a,s|O) = p(O|a,s) * p(a,s) / p(O)
```

Yeah, it makes sense. Let me resume.

11:35am.

https://youtu.be/1NgU3EKHlpY?t=1497

I do not get this part at the end.

```
p(s_t|O_1:T) = p(s_t,O_1:T) / p(O_1:T)
```

The next step for that is.

```
p(s_t,O_1:T) / p(O_1:T) = p(O_t:T|s_t) * p(s_t,O_1:t-1) / p(O_1:T)
```

How did it factorize that The denominator wasn't touched so I can assume that...

```
p(s_t,O_1:T) = p(O_t:T|s_t) * p(s_t,O_1:t-1)
```

Hmmm, ok forget the right side. Let me just apply the Bayes rule to the left.

```
p(s_t,O_1:T) = p(O_1:T|s_t) * p(s_t)
```

`p(O_1:T|s_t) = p(O_t:T|s_t)` makes sense to me. Can I also assume that `p(s_t) = p(s_t,O_1:t-1)`? Does that follow from conditional independence?

Uh, I have no idea. I guess I should have paid more attentoin during the PGM course.

Let me just move on. I'll assume that this is true.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAvT1Ypvmm4
CS 285: Lecture 19, Control as Inference, Part 3

This lecture will be on using VI to improve on the previous framework. That should be interesting. Let me watch it and then I'll have a break.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=523

This part is a bit confusing and could be better expressed as a nested probabilistic program. But maybe that is what VI really is - nested Bayesian inference. It is not a coincidence that it happened in this context.

12:15pm. https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=990

I do not get this last step. I mean it is obviously not true. Maybe that equals should be approximately equals.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=1140

I am not really following this. The amount of math is getting too thick. I'll leave completely understanding this for later.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=1205

I am getting lost where that q comes into the picture.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=570

Ok, so the learning is only done in the later graph. That would make sense. But what happens to the optimality variable then?

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=682

So the optimility var O is x here.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=786

So it becomes the log p(O|s,t) and then gets turned into the reward. Was that how it was defined?

12:40pm. Nevermind that.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=452

So they want to find a distribution q that is close to the original, but has the dynamics they want in order to get rid of the optimism problem.

Still why wouldn't that replicate the orignal dynamics?

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=596

Well, why would it?

If you factored that O out, you'd get rid of the optimism problem. And that is what q does.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=801

Ok, let me just track down how `p(O_t|s_t,a_t)` was defined.

https://youtu.be/1NgU3EKHlpY?t=127

Oh here it was defined as the exponential of the reward at the current state and action.

12:55pm. https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=1005

So what was `Q(s_t,a_t)` defined as? One thing that slipped my mind is that `V` rather than being a mean is more like the max. It will always be bigger than `Q`.

https://youtu.be/PAvT1Ypvmm4?t=127

1pm. To really make sure I can follow the symbolic manipulations, I'd really need to pick up a language like Pure to check that what I am doing makes sense. Actually, it would be good if I could express it in terms of randomized testing.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LyG1lLf1BQc
CS 285: Lecture 19, Control as Inference, Part 4

Nevermind that for now. Let me stop here so I can have breakfast.

1:05pm. No way could I replicate all these equations just from watching the video. That is the trouble with math. But I am getting used to it. This kind of math here is for illustrative purposes to make sure that the proposed algorithms make sense.

Since I am not getting quizzed on it later, it is perfectly fine.

Let me get breakfast."

---
## [Monikasharma1/call-girl-in-dahisar](https://github.com/Monikasharma1/call-girl-in-dahisar)@[4f2f0453b1...](https://github.com/Monikasharma1/call-girl-in-dahisar/commit/4f2f0453b1a74b864eb85acba302851c67835c1b)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 12:19:35 by call girl in mumbai

call girl in goregoan

Goregaon Escort for party, meeting, trip and any occasion a man should require a fair associate who give them full support and augmentation his joy. Goregaon Escort goes with another expect those people who need to make their extra energy so genuine and energetic. We have incredible collection of top class Goregaon CALL GIRLS and model that are making their client fun anyway various way so you should have to meet withGoregaon CALL GIRL inGoregaon Escort each time when you go to go to any Goregaon goes with serviceoccasion. We by and large focus to complete all requirements of our clients so every time when you contact with Goregaon escort Service we take your full information that which sort of wonderfulness you want.Goregaon CALL GIRL SERVICE have staggering combination of cultivated and conspicuous Goregaon CALL GIRLS SERVICE who are offer Goregaon ESCORT SERVICE for their fun and get cash and generally have a spot with extraordinary profile family that is reason you find with our model darling experience.

our page:-

https://www.mumbaiescortnight.com/goregaon-escorts-call-girls-service-in-goregaon.html

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[68aefe9b3c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/68aefe9b3c701f535cc87a9c39e0ff14f31a619e)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 16:21:37 by Marko Grdinić

"> “Does it really matter if you’re by yourself now? If you’re feeling alone? Can you become an apprentice witch while you’re still holding on to those fears? Whenever humans are really, seriously trying to accomplish anything, they’re always alone. You can’t get anything done if you’re not by yourself. It’s all over if you have a partner.”

Elaina giving it straight.

2:10pm. Let me resume. I'll finish the RL related lectures and maybe I'll go for the data compression course.

2:15pm. https://youtu.be/LyG1lLf1BQc?t=333

My focus is low right now. I was really focused in the previous lectures, and now it feels like is going in one ear and out the other. Very well, let me just skim this. It does not matter if things are like this. I have to do put in my daily effort. I'll close for the day in a few hours.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBau7umFhjQ
Topographic VAEs learn Equivariant Capsules (Machine Learning Research Paper Explained)

This caught my attention on the sidebar. I'll leave it for later.

https://youtu.be/LyG1lLf1BQc?t=412

It really might make things easier if I get rid of learning an explicit policy and instead just learn values in a Bayesian way.

These algorithms here are something I should be capable of deriving myself. I should be good enough at probability theory that I am able to do this kind of magic.

The thing Jaynes said about ad-hockery did sink in. Instead of reasoning about propagating values in an ad-hoc manner, wouldn't getting good at prob theory and then deriving RL algos through that understanding be better?

For the past month I've been thinking about MCTS, but instead of hoping that this or that thing works, how about I instead define a prob model and apply the Bayes rule and work through it?

If I could do that, then maybe there would be hope of me actually being in the race for AI even if I do not have the hardware for it. If I get some scrappy job, I'll have to commit overtime theft, and reading PT books and lectures seems like the way to go.

2:30pm. https://youtu.be/LyG1lLf1BQc?t=559

You know what, I do not like the formulation in this lecture with the optimality vars. I could come up with something better myself. There is a better model for this that would explain policy stochasticity in terms of reward stochasticity. That exploration should depend on scale of the rewards is bullshit. They did it wrong.

https://youtu.be/QYY94MXgmnc?t=1
CS 285: Lecture 19, Control as Inference, Part 5

This is the last in the series.

2:50pm. Ok, done with that. Let me take a look at the topographic VAEs video.

3:05pm. Enough of that. Let me take a break. After that I'll go for the data compression course.

3:55pm. Let me resume.

You know what I've realized, it is really hard to think of rewards in terms of prob theory. It is no wonder they do it all in log space. But that would just result in the reward scaling problem.

Basically, all is all wrong. Policy stochasticity should be because of the dynamics of the problem and the difficulty with actually estimating the correct reward. It should not be because things are happening in log space. The theory behind that particular model is wrong.

4pm. If you are going to do things top down, `p_r(s,a)=r(s,a)/sum(fun (s,a) => r(s,a))`. This is the way to define the probability of a particular reward.

If they are defined like this, then scaling them means nothing which is how it should be.

I am not sure how `p_r(s|a)` should be defined though.

Well, I'll work it out. If the Z thread fails, I'll find something random to work on while I do math on the side.

4:05pm. If I gain more skill in prob theory I am sure that coming to an understanding of how `p_r(s|a)` should be defined should become easier.

A particular field of science is more than just a set of theorems and algorithms. Mastery of a field profoundly influences how you think and perceive the world. Right now I am nowhere near being proficient. But I do feel things are coming more naturally to me compared to before.

4:10pm. Focus me, let me go through the data compression course.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPxBQQZ3xKM&list=PL05umP7R6ij0Mp1dW2HuXlb-UQIYnv8xK&index=2
Neural Compression — Lecture 1 — Problem Setting & Symbol Codes

Do I even feel like this course. Last time I was bored reading the prob theory book, but now I actually feel like more. Some of the things must have stuck and want more things to be put together.

...Hmmm, an interesting way of delivering the lecture. I did not expect papers.

4:45pm. https://youtu.be/qPxBQQZ3xKM?list=PL05umP7R6ij0Mp1dW2HuXlb-UQIYnv8xK&t=795

Forget this lecture. I am not listenting to it at all. Last time I said that those exp are nonsense, but now that I putting my mind to it, I can't think of anything better. Abs norm and squared norm are not the answer.

```
p_r(s,a)=r(s,a)/sum(fun (s,a) => r(s,a))
```

What I said here was wrong. This could result in the probability being negative or more than 1. So you'd either need to work in L1, L2, or exp space. Something that could be normalized properly.

Exp has the right property of normalizing the negative rewards. Abs and sqrt would push those up and assign it high probabilities.

There really isn't any other choice but to do it except like shown in the lectures.

I definitely should have gone with the soft variant of AC. I should look up the probabilistic intepretation of MCTS.

But now what I feel like is the prob theory book.

4:50pm. It is really hard to be focused on just studying the whole day isn't it?

```
P(D|N,R,I)
P(D|N,R,I) = P(N,R|D,I) * P(D|N,R,I)
```

What am I doing? Damn, I can't get it to stick in my head.

```
P(A,B) = P(A|B) * P(B)
```

So then `A=D`, and `B=N,R,I`.

```
P(D|N,R,I) = P(D,N,R,I) / P(N,R,I)
```

Now I can pick apart the last thing. The goal is to get to `P(N,R|D,I)`

```
P(D|N,R,I) = P(D,N,R,I) / P(N,R,I)
P(D|N,R,I) = P(N,R|D,I) * P(D,I) / P(N,R,I)
P(N,R|D,I) = P(D|N,R,I) / P(D,I) * P(N,R,I)
```

Right, why am I even factorizing this thing. I could have just gone to it straight from the joint.

Tsk. I really do need the practice.

5:50pm. Yeah, I do not have the focus to really do anything anymore and haven't had it for a while.

I think I'll make this my last two challenges. The data compression course and the book by Jaynes. They are pretty tough.

If by the end of that I do not get any feedback I'll really give up on the quest for the Singularity for the next few years. I need to learn not to care. Normies are on a perenial march to annihilation, and I am going to have to make a ballsy move and join them on that. I am going to get rid of the resume of most of the relevant information content in favor of buzzwords for the HR drones to chew on.

I'll accept whatever first thing falls into my lap. I'll also check out whether the Tessian thread could be resurrected.

It is really a pity I could not make the agent and got demoralized by the unending stream of failures. Even so, I want to keep the fire going.

Sigh, if only there was something I could do to maintain my independence. Something creative. Something I could make and then sell. But I do not know much about selling shit.

This is essentially just a rehash from a month ago.

6pm. Maybe I should think about this again since it has started bothering me. At the start of the month I wanted to look into PPLs, but now that I've done a tour my curiosity is sated.

Hmmmm, the Turing guys said they needed a hand. I could learn the PPL inside out and ask them whether they'd be willing to offer me paid work.

6pm. Ultimately, my desire to do ML is a function of my expected reward. I think I got enough of VI to feel closer to it. But no matter how one shifts these methods, none of that changes their computational intensity. My desire to do unpaid work on the CPU + GPU is near its lows.

6:05pm. I am feeling the urge to resume the job hunt.

I do not want to end till the end of month before getting in touch with Z. 3 weeks are enough. I'll email him tomorrow and ask him about it. If he can reassure me even if he can't give me an offer right away then that is fine. If not, I'll scratch that and resume the job hunt. I'll fix up the resume to about 1 page, study databases instead of prob theory.

I'd definitely do the Turing thing, but I am not sure how much I can trust that they would hire me if I did the homework exercise. I guess I'll email and ask them about it if the Z thread closes.

6:10pm. I am learning new things, but I keep coming to the same conclussion that it does not really matter. Things like giving better input features would improve the efficiency greatly, but all of that is very computationally intensive.

I've had time to think, but because I know how hard it is to create an agent, that is why I want the resources to be able to efford better hardware.

The fact that I want to do the agent so much and continue on my present path is the very thing driving me away from it.

6:15pm. First and foremost, I should take advantage of the opportunities before me. Z, then Turing. I said that Turing's codebase is 2/5, but that is fine. If it is for paid work, it would be a perfect challenge for me.

Them saying they could use a hand is an opportunity that I discovered that I would not have had I not been looking at these PPLs. The usual users of these libraries are probably not too keen on diving into its innards.

6:15pm. I should put my pride on the line and just do it.

I do not feel like the course and the prob theory book unless I can secure paid work. No amount of studying this stuff will change my present situation. The same for doing the C backend in Spiral. I improved my understanding just a bit.

6:20pm. Let me close here. Tomorrow I will commit myself to the job hunt again."

---
## [TurboTurtle/cockpit](https://github.com/TurboTurtle/cockpit)@[d969396f16...](https://github.com/TurboTurtle/cockpit/commit/d969396f1641004b19d32c094d82d00eb25e46bd)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 16:25:46 by Allison Karlitskaya

.github: Change node_modules approach

The hand-off between a pull_request workflow and a workflow_run workflow
depending on it is ridiculously difficult to get right.  Stop trying.

The current approach of "implicitly rebuild node_modules every time you
push something" is also not really what we want.

To this end, introduce a "/npm install" command that can be invoked on
pull requests by project team members.  This mostly does the same thing,
without the trouble of figuring out which pull request we're running
against and if we can trust the workflows running there.

We approach the permissions issue by explicitly managing the abilities
of the GITHUB_TOKENs we generate and we isolate `npm install` by:

 - using `--ignore-scripts`;

 - running it inside a container; and

 - running it in a separate workflow job with no permissions.

We also introduce the use of a "node-cache upload" environment to
manage the deploy key used for pushing to the cache.  This is the first
use of deploy keys and environments.  In general, we plan to introduce
more moves to explicit use of environments in the future, in order to
prevent exposing secrets to workflows that don't need them and to move
away from using the cockpituous token for things that could be done with
a much-better-scoped credential.

Meanwhile, the check for "is node_modules okay?" is improved (using the
latest "git log" tricks) and moved to reposchutz.

Add some docs to tools/README.node_modules to explain the existing new
setup (node-cache repository, node_modules gitlink, tools/node-modules,
etc.) and also document the new `/npm-install` command and the one-time
steps required to configure GitHub.

---
## [containers/podman](https://github.com/containers/podman)@[5acf8ae120...](https://github.com/containers/podman/commit/5acf8ae120518cd69437bee778c5fa4ba03eff9b)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 16:33:48 by Ed Santiago

Eighty-six eighty-eighty

(Sorry, couldn't resist).

CI flakes have been coming down - thank you to everyone who has
been making them a priority.

This leaves a noisy subset that I've just been ignoring for months:

    Running: podman ... -p 8080:something
    ...cannot listen on the TCP port: listen tcp4 :8080: bind: address already in use

Sometimes these are one-time errors resolved on 2nd try; sometimes
they fail three times, forcing CI user to hit Rerun. In all cases
they make noise in my flake logs, which costs me time.

My assumption is that this has to do with ginkgo running random
tests in parallel. Since many e2e tests simplemindedly use 8080,
collisions are inevitable.

Solution: simplemindedly replace 8080 with other (also arbitrarily
picked) numbers. This is imperfect -- it requires human developers
to pick a number NNNN and 'grep NNNN test/e2e/*' before adding
new tests, which I am 100% confident ain't gonna happen -- but
it's better than what we have now.

Side note: I considered writing and using a RandomAvailablePort()
helper, but that would still be racy. Plus, it would be a pain
to interpolate strings into so many places. Finally, with this
hand-tooled approach, if/when we _do_ get conflicts on port NNNN,
it should be very easy to grep for NNNN, find the offending tests
that reuse that port, and fix one of them.

Signed-off-by: Ed Santiago <santiago@redhat.com>

---
## [mohammedismayil/special-octo-guacamole](https://github.com/mohammedismayil/special-octo-guacamole)@[3e80e3ee5a...](https://github.com/mohammedismayil/special-octo-guacamole/commit/3e80e3ee5afbe3ae405cebc485ca250220450131)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 17:48:48 by ismayil

this is what happens when u dont read any documentation and directly get into the project - damn these things are ugly as fuck

---
## [Challenge-Points/Dev-Website](https://github.com/Challenge-Points/Dev-Website)@[2ef429e863...](https://github.com/Challenge-Points/Dev-Website/commit/2ef429e863b3ca3b8ff9a39ef25a993a776d5256)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 19:09:14 by thijnmens

god fuckign damnit ESLint, also fixed some cookies

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[b035161919...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/b035161919c8464ee74be6e2977605caee15739b)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 20:04:22 by gagan sidhu

v47479. autotune is the new magic, ask randy marsh

*The Marsh garage*

*Randy is adding more stacks of cash to those already
hidden behind the poster. A door opens and Randy
quickly seals it up.*

*He gets to his workbench just as Stan closes the door.*

Stan
	Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.
Randy
	Oh really? A-About... about what?
Stan
	Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on
        the outside but totally different on the inside?

        [Randy sighs deeply and stands up to walk]

        I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be
        something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Randy
	Yes. Yes, Stan. I am <'famous' "musician">.
Stan
	...What?
Randy
	It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson.
        He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know?
        Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got
        fed up and pretended to be a woman.
        I called myself <'famous' "musician">. Have you ever been in a
        woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls
        for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was
        in there, and then I- started writing things down.

Stan
	Well you said you knew a guy at work who was
        <'famous' "musician">'s uncle.
Randy
	Yah, that's my cover.
Stan
	The chick that wrote the theme song to the new
        <shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>, is you?
Randy
	Yeah.

        [turns around and faces Stan]
        The record company messed it all up. It was supposed to go:

            "<shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>,
            yah yah yah, yah yah yah! <shitty recession stimulus-funded
            book and movie series>."

        But they just- do what they want with my songs.

Stan
	Wha-wait, <'famous' "musician"> sounds like a girl.
Randy
	Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?

        [moments later, a music program pops up.
        Twelve tracks are shown at lower left]

        I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work.

        I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.

        [plays the highlighted track]

            "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn'
            thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"

            [farts and poop noises]

            "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Stan
	Dad, <'famous' "musician">'s music is actually really good.

Randy
	Thanks.

        But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.

        [replays the same track with drum loops added]

        Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.

        [brings up the quantizer and chooses his settings]

        Backup instruments.

        [scale, beats, bass, tambourine, guitars, strings]

        And then finally I use the Autotune.

        ["Auto-Tuner v10." He chooses his settings there, and
        the song is transformed. The same track is now enhanced
        with <no name shitty "musician">'s voice and no trace of Randy]

            "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday.
            Givine me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn.
            What I need is a little bit of shelter."

        [this is all too much for Stan to take in, and he passes out.]
        [Randy notices]

        Stan?

---
## [ishtiakae/NSC-CharacterControl](https://github.com/ishtiakae/NSC-CharacterControl)@[d52b6cf0a6...](https://github.com/ishtiakae/NSC-CharacterControl/commit/d52b6cf0a684768df7755e73d113799f0a243d9e)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 20:55:04 by Ishtiak Ahmed

DIE SAIF DIE!

fuck you saif for fucks sake, then burn him, BURN HIM WITH FIRE

---
## [ErikaRoguie/ErikaRoguie](https://github.com/ErikaRoguie/ErikaRoguie)@[ad5fa9bdd7...](https://github.com/ErikaRoguie/ErikaRoguie/commit/ad5fa9bdd7e957806c30e064e2a2ab10f23d1ffc)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 21:28:52 by Erika

Create Small World: Disney, Marvel, DC, and Reality

My Game: Small World; Disney, Marvel and DC

I would love to create more interactive story Building and Collecting games, Like Pokémon and sky landers, but using Disney, Marvel and DC comics characters and background/ environments. In combination with  general real world history, and events that gave/give shape to every thing( 9-11-2001, WW2) and the building blocks of education in a world collecting and building game that uses both physical and digital platforms…In other words to create a game that is all around educational collectable buildable and timeless and age none restrictive….

a) What option did you pick? I chose a combination of challenges 3: when I find you, and 4: pick it up, and 2; it is mine.

b) What is the theme and goal of your idea? Can my game have more than one theme? In that it is collectable as you acquire land, characters, stories and knowledge( history, math, geography and cultural understanding) and levels as one plays.

c) What format is this game? (e.g., board game, video game, etc.) The easiest way to play is digital, physically it is akin to trading card games but with books and action figures( that are the characters in the books) instead of cards and Monopoly/ Life where in the money is fact cards, figurines(Babies), books, and fact sheets and building sets(Legos).

e) Identify the avatars/players. (How are players represented? Are they?) when it comes to the physical the player is their own avatar, in the digital version they start out as either the main character of their first story/book or a digitized self-portrait with wardrobe changes with the seasons region locked (and if possible time zone oriented clock) and achievements. The  physical game board is a map of the location indicated in the story(s), such as France for Beauty and the Beast, the Hunchback of Notre Dame and Ratatouille and the buildings are Lego play houses/castles and vehicles( with size appropriate figures) for board game play. There will be a solo non chess like play in that the human characters are 12 inch clothing changeable (per the story/script which is attached in trading card form)babies  and modern/film release dated close sold with(and fact card included) and the animals such as the Dalmatians or the Oristocats come as 24 inch and under(depending on indicated age, Lion King) possible dolls

f) Identify conflict between players in the game play. (How do players interact with each other?) To trade and help build/collect/ advance or to go it alone that is the question. In the digital version players are to share the wealth and communicate in order to make friends and time differential ( the leading conflict of Farmville, Disney Kingdoms, and Ever Merge and the like).. 

g) Who is the audience for this game? any one over 3 who likes animals, Universal studios films(strictly PG14 and calmer ), or the classics of literature,  Disney, Marvel and DC, and comics, and facts/learning  and real world/global history, and events that gave/give shape to every thing, and seeing how they combine into one great big narrative of life.

elfquest-game6 rules.pdf
(10.81 MB)
elfquest-game5.pdf
(4.54 MB)
elfquest-game4.jpg.crdownload.webp
(70.01 KB)
elfquest-game3.jpg.crdownload
(284.21 KB)
ElfQuest game2.jpg
(79.17 KB)
ElfQuest game1.jpg
(85.18 KB)
disney-gargoyles-awakening-board-game-1.jpeg
(160.78 KB)
disney-gargoyles-awakening-board-game-8.jpeg
(163.2 KB)
disney-gargoyles-awakening-board-game-7.jpeg
(183.63 KB)
LEGO-Batman-The-Videogame.webp
(81.72 KB)

---
## [gitster/git](https://github.com/gitster/git)@[3540c71ea5...](https://github.com/gitster/git/commit/3540c71ea5ddffff6e473249866cbc7abb8ce509)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 21:52:23 by Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason

wrapper.c: add x{un,}setenv(), and use xsetenv() in environment.c

Add fatal wrappers for setenv() and unsetenv(). In d7ac12b25d3 (Add
set_git_dir() function, 2007-08-01) we started checking its return
value, and since 48988c4d0c3 (set_git_dir: die when setenv() fails,
2018-03-30) we've had set_git_dir_1() die if we couldn't set it.

Let's provide a wrapper for both, this will be useful in many other
places, a subsequent patch will make another use of xsetenv().

The checking of the return value here is over-eager according to
setenv(3) and POSIX. It's documented as returning just -1 or 0, so
perhaps we should be checking -1 explicitly.

Let's just instead die on any non-zero, if our C library is so broken
as to return something else than -1 on error (and perhaps not set
errno?) the worst we'll do is die with a nonsensical errno value, but
we'll want to die in either case.

Let's make these return "void" instead of "int". As far as I can tell
there's no other x*() wrappers that needed to make the decision of
deviating from the signature in the C library, but since their return
value is only used to indicate errors (so we'd die here), we can catch
unreachable code such as

    if (xsetenv(...) < 0)
        [...];

I think it would be OK skip the NULL check of the "name" here for the
calls to die_errno(). Almost all of our setenv() callers are taking a
constant string hardcoded in the source as the first argument, and for
the rest we can probably assume they've done the NULL check
themselves. Even if they didn't, modern C libraries are forgiving
about it (e.g. glibc formatting it as "(null)"), on those that aren't,
well, we were about to die anyway. But let's include the check anyway
for good measure.

1. https://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/009604499/functions/setenv.html

Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[a05ac8da78...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/a05ac8da789735c2da9b4388f1944a1f2c556479)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 22:18:24 by EdwardNashton

Hunters and Citizens (#785)

* Hunters and Citizens

Remade a village on a east-south border of the map.
Remade entire living district nearby Hospital.
Slightly remade a "Military Robo-Bunker"
Small fixes included.

* Fixing a stuff

Fixed issues with "Hunters and Citizens"
Roofs, doors, some rooms.

* Fixing stuff: part 2

God damn roofs.

* Fixing stuff: part 3

God, I hate z-levels.

* Fuck your z-levels

Just fuck this shit.

* Finalization of Riddler changes

Co-authored-by: Edward Nashton <eddienigma48@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Popoff <ProfessorPopoff@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [amandazimms/LittleWitch](https://github.com/amandazimms/LittleWitch)@[56fc4aa7b4...](https://github.com/amandazimms/LittleWitch/commit/56fc4aa7b4065828df548f3fb135551ce97bfcf5)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 22:33:07 by Amanda Zimmerman

Restructured reputation system so that new GameMaster script holds and updates this var. Also added finalNight to DayInfo so that the game ends after this many nights. The score is updated each morning (after townspeople leave), and is calculated based on reputation * number of peasants cured that most recent night (* 10 to make it a friendlier number). So now we have proper win and lose conditions

---
## [ryon137/dota2protractor](https://github.com/ryon137/dota2protractor)@[45d77eeb50...](https://github.com/ryon137/dota2protractor/commit/45d77eeb5030b5c2c52024e16cfdf0f1394dc9d4)
#### Wednesday 2021-09-22 22:40:42 by Korsaurus

Merge pull request #1 from ryon137/addPlayer

This is a fuck you message

---

# [<](2021-09-21.md) 2021-09-22 [>](2021-09-23.md)

