# [<](2021-12-06.md) 2021-12-07 [>](2021-12-08.md)

3,609,159 events, 2,011,038 push events, 2,959,738 commit messages, 230,356,913 characters


## [CSI-Pedro-Irene/CSI-Java-2021](https://github.com/CSI-Pedro-Irene/CSI-Java-2021)@[9db6ebc2b2...](https://github.com/CSI-Pedro-Irene/CSI-Java-2021/commit/9db6ebc2b27794849283b65d572a5b9a7df16b0f)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 00:43:46 by LAPTOP-PNIQNNB3\pedro

Calculatr

[Verse 1: Albert Einstein (MC Mr. Napkins)]
When I apply my battle theory, minds are relatively blown
So take a seat Steve, oop, I see you brought your own
What's with your voice? I can't frickin' tell
You sound like WALL-E having sex with a Speak & Spell
I'll school you anywhere, MIT to Oxford
All your fans will be like, "Um, that was Hawk'ward"
I'm as dope as two rappers, you better be scared
'Cause that means Albert E equals emcee²

[Verse 2: Stephen Hawking (Nice Peter)]
You've got no idea
What you're messin' with here, boy
I've got twelve inch rims on my chair, that's how I roll y'all
You look like someone glued a mustache on a troll doll
I'll be stretchin' out the rhyme like gravity stretches time
When you try to put your little p-brane against this kind of mind
I'm the best, I'm the Snoop Dogg of Science
I'll be dropping mad apples on your head from the shoulders of giants

[Verse 3: Albert Einstein (MC Mr. Napkins)]
I'm the giant whose shoulders you'd have stood on, if you could stand
I'll give you a brief history of pain with the back of my hand
You can't destroy matter or me, for serious
Ripping holes in you bigger than the hole in your black hole theory was

[Verse 4 Stephen Hawking (Nice Peter)]
There are ten-
Million-million-million-million-million-million-million-
Million-million particles in the universe that we can observe
Your mama took the ugly ones and put them into one nerd
You wanna bring the heat with the mushroom clouds you're making
I'm about to bake raps from scratch like Carl Sagan
And while it's true that my work is based on you
I'm a super-computer, you're like a TI-82, ooh

[Outro: Announcer (Nice Peter)]
Who won? Who's next? You decide
Epic... Rap...
Battles of History

---
## [slow/show-hidden-channels](https://github.com/slow/show-hidden-channels)@[a8921b962c...](https://github.com/slow/show-hidden-channels/commit/a8921b962cc8a8d73e970997fd23e94512f0a1e5)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 00:44:22 by slow

fix click jacking when opening the blacklist list, fuck you discord

---
## [nicholson1/game601-fall2021](https://github.com/nicholson1/game601-fall2021)@[799be6c8a1...](https://github.com/nicholson1/game601-fall2021/commit/799be6c8a1fd9cdaa418705de5084331e9186763)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 03:03:36 by Neil Nicholson

holy fucking shit are we done?

sounds and cleanup and quests

---
## [jarthod/whois-parser](https://github.com/jarthod/whois-parser)@[6354c4ead6...](https://github.com/jarthod/whois-parser/commit/6354c4ead61afce8f0a92449ddef10dc3e2655ae)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 10:05:44 by Adrien Rey-Jarthon

Added support for all DonutsInc TLDs (241 at the time: .ACADEMY, .ACCOUNTANTS, .ACTOR, .AGENCY, .AIRFORCE, .APARTMENTS, .ARMY, .ASSOCIATES, .ATTORNEY, .AUCTION, .BAND, .BARGAINS, .BIKE, .BINGO, .BOUTIQUE, .BUILDERS, .BUSINESS, .CAB, .CAFE, .CAMERA, .CAMP, .CAPITAL, .CARDS, .CARE, .CAREERS, .CASH, .CASINO, .CATERING, .CENTER, .CHARITY, .CHAT, .CHEAP, .CHURCH, .CITY, .CLAIMS, .CLEANING, .CLINIC, .CLOTHING, .COACH, .CODES, .COFFEE, .COMMUNITY, .COMPANY, .COMPUTER, .CONDOS, .CONSTRUCTION, .CONTACT, .CONTRACTORS, .COOL, .COUPONS, .CREDIT, .CREDITCARD, .CRUISES, .DANCE, .DATING, .DEALS, .DEGREE, .DELIVERY, .DEMOCRAT, .DENTAL, .DENTIST, .DIAMONDS, .DIGITAL, .DIRECT, .DIRECTORY, .DISCOUNT, .DOCTOR, .DOG, .DOMAINS, .EDUCATION, .EMAIL, .ENERGY, .ENGINEER, .ENGINEERING, .ENTERPRISES, .EQUIPMENT, .ESTATE, .EVENTS, .EXCHANGE, .EXPERT, .EXPOSED, .EXPRESS, .FAIL, .FAMILY, .FAN, .FARM, .FINANCE, .FINANCIAL, .FISH, .FITNESS, .FLIGHTS, .FLORIST, .FOOTBALL, .FORSALE, .FOUNDATION, .FUND, .FURNITURE, .FUTBOL, .FYI, .GALLERY, .GAMES, .GIFTS, .GIVES, .GLASS, .GMBH, .GOLD, .GOLF, .GRAPHICS, .GRATIS, .GRIPE, .GROUP, .GUIDE, .GURU, .HAUS, .HEALTHCARE, .HOCKEY, .HOLDINGS, .HOLIDAY, .HOSPITAL, .HOUSE, .IMMO, .IMMOBILIEN, .INDUSTRIES, .INSTITUTE, .INSURE, .INTERNATIONAL, .INVESTMENTS, .IRISH, .JETZT, .JEWELRY, .KAUFEN, .KITCHEN, .LAND, .LAWYER, .LEASE, .LEGAL, .LIFE, .LIGHTING, .LIMITED, .LIMO, .LIVE, .LOANS, .LTD, .MAISON, .MANAGEMENT, .MARKET, .MARKETING, .MBA, .MEDIA, .MEMORIAL, .MODA, .MONEY, .MORTGAGE, .MOVIE, .NAVY, .NETWORK, .NEWS, .NINJA, .PARTNERS, .PARTS, .PHOTOGRAPHY, .PHOTOS, .PICTURES, .PIZZA, .PLACE, .PLUMBING, .PLUS, .PRODUCTIONS, .PROPERTIES, .PUB, .RECIPES, .REHAB, .REISE, .REISEN, .RENTALS, .REPAIR, .REPORT, .REPUBLICAN, .RESTAURANT, .REVIEWS, .RIP, .ROCKS, .RUN, .SALE, .SALON, .SARL, .SCHOOL, .SCHULE, .SERVICES, .SHOES, .SHOPPING, .SHOW, .SINGLES, .SOCCER, .SOCIAL, .SOFTWARE, .SOLAR, .SOLUTIONS, .STUDIO, .STYLE, .SUPPLIES, .SUPPLY, .SUPPORT, .SURGERY, .SYSTEMS, .TAX, .TAXI, .TEAM, .TECHNOLOGY, .TENNIS, .THEATER, .TIENDA, .TIPS, .TIRES, .TODAY, .TOOLS, .TOURS, .TOWN, .TOYS, .TRAINING, .TRAVEL, .UNIVERSITY, .VACATIONS, .VENTURES, .VET, .VIAJES, .VIDEO, .VILLAS, .VIN, .VISION, .VOYAGE, .WATCH, .WINE, .WORKS, .WORLD, .WTF, .ZONE, .企业, .娱乐, .游戏, .商店) + support for body guessing of the parser + refactor specs to be shorter and quicker

---
## [wundermanthompsonperth/BeefScriber](https://github.com/wundermanthompsonperth/BeefScriber)@[94c950c4dc...](https://github.com/wundermanthompsonperth/BeefScriber/commit/94c950c4dc44eb6672f59ea881af3cb220913ec6)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 10:48:23 by Travis Arthur

Final update for the day

also, i just wrapped up for the day.... and boy... was it a big one.
 i managed to finish off a bunch of stuff. Here's the list of what I finished (sorry for dumping a long list on yas):
	•	User Profile feature complete
	⁃	pulls in data from the server to reflect the logged in user
	⁃	user’s highest scores and stars from each level are displayed
	⁃	user’s trophies are now live
	•	User Login / Register updates
	⁃	Once a user logs in, the game nows saves the user’s data locally so it doesn’t constantly have to go back and forth between the server and the game
	⁃	Forgot / Reset password now works
	⁃	Built the UI for forgot password (includes multiple steps, and real time status updates)
	⁃	Built the UI for Reset password (includes multiple steps, and  real time status updates)
	⁃	I setup an account on a free 3rd party emailing server called EmailJS. EmailJS is now responsible for sending out the password reset link emails
	⁃	I connected our game to the service
	⁃	I setup an email template for the reset emails on the EmailS service. We can edit the email templates on EmailJS if we want. We can send up to 200 free emails a month, after that we’d have to pay for a monthly subscription of $4/mo for 1,000 emails. The complete pricing can be found here: https://www.emailjs.com/pricing/
	⁃	EmailJS Login Credentials:
	⁃	Username: beefscriber@gmail.com
	⁃	Password: Wallabystew11
	⁃	When a user requests to reset their password, an expiring token is set on their player record, and they have 1 hour to reset their password.
	⁃	A link is emailed to the player, and upon clicking the link they are taken to a screen where they can enter in a new password (yes, I know…. mind blowing huh? 🤪)
	⁃	After they enter a new password, it automatically logs them into their account. I chose not to do the annoying thing that a lot of apps do where they redirect you to the login screen and ask you to login again
	•	Setup a gmail account for Beef Scriber (this account has access to all 3rd party services used)
	⁃	Username: beefscriber@gmail.com
	⁃	Password: Wallabystew11
	•	Disabled settings screen (we might just want to remove this altogether)
	•	Leaderboard updates
	⁃	I rearranged the leaderboard data a bit on the google sheet. There is now just one master leaderboard_data sheet that is fed into another sheet that automatically sorts it.
	⁃	This new sheet can be filtered by company  or site, so the leaderboards are now reading the correct data
	⁃	If a guest player plays the game, they now only have access to the national leaderboard because there is no way to tell what company or site a guest belongs to
	⁃	To do this, I added a new feature to the Tabs component where certain Tabs can be disabled.
	⁃	I also reordered the tabs if the player is a guest, so the national tab is listed first. If the player is a registered player, the Site tab is listed first, and the national tab last.
	•	There are lots of other little updates to the code… bug fixes, performance tweaks, etc… too many to list.

Overall, I’m getting really close.
Sharvin is still working on the responsive stuff.

Tomorrow, I’m going to spend some more time on the registration screen. I’m going to put in some features where the register screen will also double as the “edit profile” screen.

---
## [ltgcgo/domain-db](https://github.com/ltgcgo/domain-db)@[f281bba06d...](https://github.com/ltgcgo/domain-db/commit/f281bba06d5c2962ec1dffe96e22e4ef3e3e0797)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 12:15:44 by Clair de Lune

Added LiveHellSerene to LiteBlock.

For folks who don't want to get monitored everywhere they go. A rather small change, I admit.
Oh fuck you, little Lam.

---
## [fulpstation/fulpstation](https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation)@[b59f03e592...](https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/commit/b59f03e592ce72f069760eba0f9eb30eeacd16c1)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 13:14:27 by John Willard

Deputy update (#428)

* deputy berets cant be knocked off, deputies get tablets, service deputy beret buff.

* fuck you

---
## [marcinpiaseckisci/SCI_INF](https://github.com/marcinpiaseckisci/SCI_INF)@[5656cc43e0...](https://github.com/marcinpiaseckisci/SCI_INF/commit/5656cc43e05ca1bd25fcb3d41596031270c3606d)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 14:18:25 by marcinpiaseckisci

it's about drive, it's about power

It's about drive, it's about power
We stay hungry, we devour
Put in the work, put in the hours and take what's ours (ahoo)
Black and Samoan in my veins
My culture bangin' with Strange
I change the game, so what's my motherfuckin' name (Rock)
(What they gonna get though?)
Desecration, defamation, if you wanna bring it to the masses
Face to face, now we escalatin', when I have to put boots to asses
Mean on ya, like a dream when I'm rumblin', you're gonna scream mama
So bring drama to the King Brahma (then what?)
Comin' at you with extreme mana

---
## [avar/git](https://github.com/avar/git)@[c01be302b2...](https://github.com/avar/git/commit/c01be302b24bb13d9fb8b16de73ef93cd13e6ee3)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 16:20:20 by Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason

usage API: use C99 macros for {usage,usagef,die,error,warning,die}*()

Change the "usage" family of functions to be defined in terms of C99
variadic macros, as we've optionally done with the BUG() macro and
BUG_fl() function since d8193743e08 (usage.c: add BUG() function,
2017-05-12), and unconditionally since 765dc168882 (git-compat-util:
always enable variadic macros, 2021-01-28).

This would have been possible before having a hard dependency on C99,
but as the dual implementations of C99 and pre-C99 macros and
functions adjusted in preceding commits show, doing so would have been
rather painful.

By having these be macros we'll now log meaningful "file" and "line"
entries in trace2 events. Before this we'd log "usage.c" in all of
them, and the line would be the relevant locations in that file.

To do this we need to not only introduce X_fl() functions for
{die,error,warning,die}{,_errno}(), but also change all the callers of
the set_*() and get_() functions in usage.h to take "file" and "line"
arguments.

Neither the built-in {die,error,warning,die}{,_errno}() nor anyone
else does anything useful with these "file" and "line" arguments for
now, but it means we can define all our macros and functions
consistently.

It also opens the door for a follow-up change where these functions
could optionally emit the file name and line number, e.g. for
DEVELOPER=1 builds, or depending on configuration.

It might be a good change to remove the "fmt" key from the "error"
events as a follow-up change. As these few examples from running the
test suite show it's sometimes redundant (same as the "msg"), rather
useless (just a "%s"), or something we could now mostly aggregate by
file/line instead of the normalized printf format:

      1 file":"builtin/gc.c","line":1391,"msg":"'bogus' is not a valid task","fmt":"'%s' is not a valid task"}
      1 file":"builtin/for-each-ref.c","line":89,"msg":"format: %(then) atom used more than once","fmt":"%s"}
      1 file":"builtin/fast-import.c","line":411,"msg":"Garbage after mark: N :202 :302x","fmt":"Garbage after mark: %s"}

"Mostly" here assumes that it would be OK if the aggregation changed
between git versions, which may be what all users of trace2 want. The
change that introduced the "fmt" code was ee4512ed481 (trace2: create
new combined trace facility, 2019-02-22), and the documentation change
was e544221d97a (trace2: Documentation/technical/api-trace2.txt,
2019-02-22).

Both are rather vague on what problem "fmt" solved exactly, aside from
the obvious one of it being impossible to do meaningful aggregations
due to the "file" and "line" being the same everywhere, which isn't
the case now.

In any case, let's leave "fmt" be for now, the above summary was given
in case it's interesting to remove it in the future, e.g. to save
space in trace2 payloads.

The change here in git_die_config() is the bare minimum needed to get
it working, but better would be a change[1] to correctly report the
caller file and line numbers. Let's leave that for later, it can be
done later.

1. https://lore.kernel.org/git/patch-4.4-e0e6427cbd3-20211206T165221Z-avarab@gmail.com/#t

Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>

---
## [freedesktop/libreoffice-core](https://github.com/freedesktop/libreoffice-core)@[7e5af164b7...](https://github.com/freedesktop/libreoffice-core/commit/7e5af164b7d293dd410710bed411e1ca64bbecf7)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 17:52:36 by Armin Le Grand (Allotropia)

Re-Enable DrawTransformBitmapExDirect for render backends

Unfortunately the add/usage of HasFastDrawTransformedBitmap did disable the
system-dependent implementations/fast-path for DrawTransformBitmapExDirect
and it's implemenations, except for Skia.

This means that the current backends for Windows/Mac/Cairo/headless/Qt5
have to do expensive pixel operations when a Bitmap is 'really' transformed
(rotate/shear) since some time.

The nine implementations using ::hasFastDrawTransformedBitmap (grep for it)
all return false, except the Skia one.

Since HasFastDrawTransformedBitmap() uses that and itself is used in the very
central mehod OutputDevice::DrawTransformedBitmapEx(...) to decide if that
fast-path shall/can be used at all, it was *no longer used* - except for
Skia - what makes Skia definitely performing better with transformed Bitmaps,
or the other way around - the others worse.

HasFastDrawTransformedBitmap() is used in only two places, the second is in the
canvas helper to decide if to try to use that fast-path for presentation
rendering.

A method at OutputDevice to see if that fast-path is implemented is therefore
currently needed, but for the canvas helper only. Since this will/should be
converted to primitive usage (hopefully) anyways, nine impementations calling
these virtual functions often and the danger to produce a mismatch/
error beween implementations of hasFastDrawTransformedBitmap and
drawTransformedBitmap (as happened here, but can also happen when someone
adds or removes an implementation) I looked for a way to solve that differenly
and more safe.

Since SalGraphics::DrawTransformedBitmap anyways returns a bool to signal it's
success I take this as base to implement a buffered test directly at
SalGraphics, also directly set a local flag to detect that functionality if
DrawTransformedBitmap is used anyways before the test is/would be needed.
Combined wih that small test to check only if this was not yet used and thus
tested by DrawTransformedBitmap anyways I can offer a reliable non-virtual
method at OutputDevice called ImplementsFastDrawTransformedBitmap() that will
be used at the single necessary location - in the canvas helper.
Since that small test direcly uses one of the nine implementations of
hasFastDrawTransformedBitmap it is fundamenally more reliable and probably
the copy bitmap/writeBack never really used (I tested that it works) due
to an earlier use of DrawTransformedBitmap did the check potentially already.

I also took a look at the cairo version (since I had this one running here)
and ensured that the buffering of the system-dependent form of the Bitmap
as cairo surface still works. Regarding the newly introduced fAlpha
parameter I want to add some remarks:
- It should be called fOpacity to make clear that it describes opacity,
  defining that if 1.0 == fAlpha means *no* transparency. That word is
  used in other graphic systems and makes more clear what function it has.
  It is the opposite of transparency, but works the same.
- Currently all implementations of ::drawTransformedBitmap - except Skia
  where it was implemented - do not use it, but return false. It will in most
  cases not be too complicated to add/implement it, e.g. for cairo anyways a
  transparency surface will/is created, fAlpha can just be merged in, and the
  criteria for buffering that may be extended to remember for which value
  (if at all) of fAlpha that was prepared. I strongly recommend implementing
  these for our main graphic backends.
- The primitive renderer uses another more general way to add an extra alpha
  channel to paint when needed - it draws the content (any content) that needs
  to be transparent to a buffer and then that buffer using the intended
  transparency. This is discussable since may be more expensive, but more
  general and keeps the interface less complex. We can see here that adding
  that complexity to the existing interface at OutputDevice makes the
  implementations more complex what might be the reason his was only
  implemented for one of nine backends. When adding something like this and
  extending the complexity I would prefer that at the same time it gets
  also *implemented* in all or most or at least most used cases. I want to
  make clear that from my POV in those cases choosing possible runtime speed
  over complexity is not always preferable.

Change-Id: I5bab59f59fca878a7b11a20094e49e8b50196063
Reviewed-on: https://gerrit.libreoffice.org/c/core/+/126480
Tested-by: Jenkins
Reviewed-by: Armin Le Grand <Armin.Le.Grand@me.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9210efee19...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9210efee1935739672d23f024055000a96f14acc)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 17:59:28 by Marko Grdinić

"11:40am. Finally finished Ruina yesterday. How long have I been playing it for? For over 5 weeks. Wow. You wouldn't expect a game like this to be so long.

I went to bed at 2:30am yesterday, so it is earlier than two days ago. If it was up to me, I really would have stopped at 12am, but the battles take so long and I can't quit in the middle of them.

11:55am. Today's work day will have to start a bit later than usual. But I am just watching vids anyway. Let me get breakfast. I want to get this out of the way, so I can finally start drawing the things I want to.

12:55pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me chill for a bit. Let me catch up with the Satanophany raws.

1:25pm. That was fun.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2112.03235
Simulation Intelligence: Towards a New Generation of Scientific Methods

I'll leave this 107 page paper for later.

1:30pm. Let me mentally prep myself. Where was I yesterday?

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/vector-boot-camp-1-tangency

The vector tools section.

1:35pm. Let me start. I want to get through this so I can finish my basic digital art education. Then I'll go at it no holds barred.

1:40pm. Hmmm, this is making me think. Remember those lasso lectures from yesterday. They started out feeling similar to vector art, but became alive as more detail was added. I wonder if the same would apply for vectors art?

Trying to manipulate freeform gradients would be a pain in the ass, but maybe adding things on top of other things would be a viable style.

Let me ask about that in /beg/.

1:50pm. Asked. Let me move on to the next vid.

Actually these vids are informative. Also I had no idea of the difference between Alt and Ctrl.

2:15pm. This stuff is too much Photoshop specific. Let me go over it quickly.

2:25pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/your-digital-workspace

Finally section 14. I want to get through this quickly.

2:50pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammingLanguages/comments/ratepy/what_is_the_best_way_to_implement_staging/

I am doing Reddit posting instead. And I've even sent a PM to slavfox reminding him about the PL sub thread.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/adjustment-layers

Ok, I have no will to mess with this. Let me just move to the next section.

3:30pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/color-correction-pt1

I've been wondering about this for a while. It is finally time to learn a bit of this. The previous videos were just about masking which was boring me to death.

3:35pm. Right now I am thinking about Hebbian plasticity. I was mad back then in various ways, especially how I tried experimenting with reversibility in order to get around the huge expense of having to duplicate layers. The gradient explosion problem was acute as well. But, using evolutionary algos for this kind of optimization problem would make such architectures much easier to deal with.

In fact the problem is so bad, that if the brain is really doing short term Hebbian learning, then backprop is straight out of the question as a learning strategy.

I was also thinking about self play and I've realized that self play using evo algos is impossible. The rewards would always end up being zero if an agent plays against itself in such a situation. Rather, there has to be diversity.

I am also wondering why I haven't seen anybody try diagonal CMA-ES on Atari and such. I'd imagine it would help quite a bit.

I am really in great admiration of the idea that evolution could adapt the sampling process itself rather than just the mean. That is absolutely brilliant and it blew my mind when I realized how CMA-ES actually works.

3:40pm. To make progress you really need some kind of prediction and memory system. That would simplify nested optimization greatly. If the system is not hierarchical, but async like Jeff Hawkins claims, that would in fact a generalization of hierarchy.

3:45pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/color-correction-pt2

I am going to finish section 16 and 17 today. Then it is just mental prep stuff.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/color-correction-pt4-blend-if

I'll skip this one as the feature was covered in another video, the one with the rust.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/color-correction-pt5-groups

Let me watch this.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/puppet-warp-tool
https://youtu.be/QaVTrMhaFyc?t=110

Ok, this really is cool.

4:25pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/eyedropper-layer-blending-modes

The advice here is worth keeping in mind.

4:35pm. Hmmm, actually if it is just a block diagonal matrix, that would not be hard to update at all. I do not know why I was busting my head before, but it would be quite easy to do. You can do two matrices on both sides of a random matrix. Then you just update them. You know how to calculate the covariance of a single vector. Just do that for all the rows/cols respectively and average them. There is no problem. The troubleosme part is calculating the square root of the covariance, but there are those rank one updates of the Cholesky that can do this. No prob once again.

Edit: I forgot about the reprojection steps necessary to make this work. I am just falling into the same trap as before. The steps needed to make it work make it not worth it.

4:45pm. For the inter layer stuff, reversibility would work.

I did a little test where reversing the update of the Cholesky results in a descending vector, but those are just for immediate updates. A properly whitening matrix would not have this issue. This could work. This could really work.

I'd mix it with plastic architectures for best effect.

But I do not have the hardware to run evo algos at scale. Yes, 1000 CPUs would speed things up, but those would be huge money burners. At that point you need to start thinking about $/Watt rather than just how fast the thing is to optimize. I have some ideas, but I need AI chips to make further progress.

4:45pm. Let me get back to the videos. It is okay me, I can manage a bit more.

https://youtu.be/p_yUD17BUhA?t=230
> Artists grow the fastests when they move stuff around and then correct them. So the more you allow yourself to move stuff around inside your paintings, the faster you will make discoveries.

5:15pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/painting-with-the-clone-stamp-pt2

Just a bit more, just a bit more and then I will be done with this. I really hate watching these random vids after all.

5:20pm. Spring loaded keys are a good idea.

5:25pm. I am going to skip the repetition stuff...and I am done!

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/why-draw-skulls
> Faces are hard to draw!  One secret to learning how to draw faces is to first tackle the skull.  For a variety of reasons, the skull is a great stand-in for a face.  We're hard wired to be especially critical about human faces, and they can be frustrating to learn with.  Instead, learning with the skull can help you internalize the basic proportions and masses before you move onto actual faces.

I figured out as much myself. Art really does test your intelligence. Agh, I do not feel like watching this right now.

5:30pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/staying-objective

Let me spend some time in these wrap up sections. I'll finish the day with these, though these vids I can watch whenever I want. Let me just watch what feels interesting.

5:40pm. Let me watch the skull video and then I am done with this. I had enough of this, I can't take these tutorials anymore. I've mostly been wasting my time today. It would have been informative had I not known what grad maps were, but I do. Maybe I am being too rough as I did learn bits and pieces.

https://youtu.be/gukfBqKcF0I

Ok, this website where you can rotate still lifes is pretty interesting.

5:50pm. Let me stop my art studies for today. Oh, it seems the mod really did forget about the PL thread.

Let me post it.

///

In early November the pen tablet arrived and I've been practicing drawing and sculpting. My current project is to replicate Flycat's base mesh. I got the ears right, and I just have to finish the rest [of the head](https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=786), retopo it and I will have completed my first project. After that I'll go back to drawing. Right now I do not have anything to showcase yet. I like the tablet quite a bit. Though I feel my dexterity has improved, digital art so far has not been like the traditional. You have limitless ability to undo and correct, so there is less of a requirement to be good with one's hands than you'd think. There is less of a barrier to entry in digital art. Even if you have a wobbly hand you could use something like Lazy Nezumi to get smooth lines. What really matters is planning and breaking things down hierarchically into progressively simpler shapes.

This is quite similar to how programming works. I might be able to get good at this. The sculpt itself thus far looks quite good, but I haven't tested myself in 2d yet. If I can get a result on the same level as the 3d sculpt in 2d, there is no reason why I could not make rapid progress at this.

Every time you change paths, you end up having a lot of [regrets](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/r3g7kd/d_looking_for_a_sponsor_for_a_functional/) and this time it is no different. It is true that I applied to a bunch of places in the past few months, but I am not a fan of doing paid work so my reward would be yet even more unpaid bashing my head against the wall in RL. My expectation was that since it is 2021 that the current day algos would be good enough to get something decent on a toy game like poker which would support both my fundamental research and continuing progress in ML. Maybe if I got a job, and opened the wallet to really scale ML things would work, but I am not interested in this kind of money burner. Opening your wallet every time something breaks is just a stupid way of operating. The Pluribus guys could set up the environment and have the pros tackle their agent directly in the domain of their choosing, but if I tried that in the real world, I'd have people trying to hunt down an AI user. My view is that I simply do not have any leeway in my algorithms being unreliable. They have to be as solid as the tabular ones for them to be useful in the real world.

For the past 3 months I've been particularly obsessed about getting those burgeoning AI chips. Getting better hardware would allow me to cheaply scale existing algos which might make the plan still viable, but you can see the overall sentiment towards anything new in that thread. The deleted post which got a lot of upvotes said something to the effect that Python + PyTorch will be good for the next few decades. I think the people who are upvoting that post have forgotten what the hype behind ML is about. I guess they expect the AGI to come from some PyTorch model.

I thought that Spiral might serve as a wedge into some of these companies, but it doesn't seem they are on the lookout for any such offerings. At any rate, I can't waste my time hollering outside the window trying to get these companies' attention.

I've had many disappointments and I think I want a path that will support me from start to finish. From 10$ a month to 10k a month to 10m. I do not want a slightest gap to be missing. I do not care if I can only make 10$/month at the start, but I do not want it to be that I need some higher amount otherwise my project is dead in the water and I have to change my lifestyle. Never again. If languages aren't important, who am I to argue against that? They can have C. Beyond a certain point, the more I dwell on past mistakes the more I am lessened as a person. There is a lot of variance when applying to companies directly, it is like being a ball on a roulette wheel. Who knows where you will land. I do not want my life and future development to be decided by a roll of the dice. The way to reduce the variance is to increase the quantity of hands played so instead of serving a particular company I'll want a business that targets as far and wide as possible.

I think that with the new hardware wave the algos themselves should improve.

Even if the neuroscience guys continue being as useless as they have been and do not manage to figure out what the brain is doing directly, there is a threshold of collecting enough low level data after which evolutionary algorithms could infer what the high level composition should be. This is not some great insight, it is just that with my current level of hardware I would not even think of trying this out because I absolutely do not have the computation for such research. But this line should become viable for the big labs this decade.

I simply have no idea what the algos are. My view is that most likely there exist specific models for which specialized optimization and credit propagation schemes exist which are much more apt than the very general backpropagation. A precedent for this is tabular RL. CFR in particular covers credit assignment and optimization between nodes of categorical distribution models. It works very well in its restricted domain and has no connection to backprop. What is needed is something more fancier than it.

Looking at my past efforts, it was just getting hyped about random things and trying them out which is not a reliable method of doing research. Rather than learning anything about intelligence, I just ended up learning about specific methods which put me no closer to my goal. Rather than trying to get better at AI in such a manner, the way to learn is to get the algorithms up front from somewhere and learn their principles. It is kind of a cheat, but the real work actually starts once you get a canvas onto which to etch your will. I shouldn't be slaving myself to death over the equivalent of going to the store to buy a bunch of paper.

The kind of game where I am hoping from is where I move from strength to strength rather than from weakness to weakness. I hope that the great game will be about adapting the principles of intelligence for the particular situation rather than the guy with the biggest computer winning at everything forevermore because there is only one omnipotent, general purpose algorithm. Until it starts, I'll tidy up the rest of my char sheet.

Right now my programming skills are very strong if useless, but adding visuals and art on top of that should bring me to the apex of humanity in terms of creative ability. Money is my weakness, but I should not let raw skill be the same way. I might not have acquired much during the past decades, but I have developed a cultivator's mindset.

---

I wrote the above a week ago, and the base mesh sculpt is done now. I am pleased with everything but the arms and hands, and I have not bothered retopoing, but it is good enough. Two weeks of full time work on it is enough for me. Tomorrow I'll start work on a significant 2d project. I found the [Ctrl + Paint tutorials](https://www.ctrlpaint.com/library) quite good, but I can't spend all my time watching videos. Sculpting is pretty fun, but what I really need for my game project is 2d art, and I was doing the 3d stuff as a way of training my mental model. I have a feeling of internalizing new concepts and I feel I should be able to draw significantly better than before - this has always been the case for me in programming, but I need to prove that the same applies when it comes to art.

At any rate, if any of you want to see my art (such as that 3d sculpt) where should I post it? I am not plugged into the art circles yet.

///

Changed it a bit. Let me post it.

6:50pm. Done with lunch. What should I do now? Let me chill a bit and then I will clean up the general invitations in Ruina. After that I'll have completed the game all the way through. Too bad I haven't done this in proper order.

After that maybe I should give gaming a break for a bit. I have a bunch of stuff I haven't cleared such as Rance Quest, I have only gone halfway with Kingmaker, only stated DOS 2, and I have Fallout New Vegas waiting for me for almost a decade now.

On the reading side I have a bunch of stuff to catch up on.

There is also Lobotomy Corp. I have a lot of options.

Also, I forgot to mention, but there are also those Drawing Database vids and the vids by Priestley. I should check those out before I start, ignore what I wrote in the review.

I'll leave it for tomorrow. I'll do whatever I feel like now.

Resting start!"

---
## [Dazd-Pkz/batch-ip-logger](https://github.com/Dazd-Pkz/batch-ip-logger)@[12976ad84b...](https://github.com/Dazd-Pkz/batch-ip-logger/commit/12976ad84b678480015fa15b7cb8cd253203f7e7)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 19:16:22 by PKZ

Update README.md

fuck it i've just changed 'https://discord.com/api/webhooks/.../...' to 'https://discord.com/api/webhooks/.../.../' because the ... at the end wasnt showing in blue (i hate my life help me)

---
## [ahoyt41/asp-term-project](https://github.com/ahoyt41/asp-term-project)@[252d2ab340...](https://github.com/ahoyt41/asp-term-project/commit/252d2ab340c0e3d633d2671c76ab20da88762f16)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 21:38:35 by Andrew Hoyt

rewrite aggregatedata to extract features for male and female individually. Will she work, god only knows

---
## [PowerPaulleo/AdventOfCode](https://github.com/PowerPaulleo/AdventOfCode)@[dd325d9427...](https://github.com/PowerPaulleo/AdventOfCode/commit/dd325d9427e4f7106a1f6810b285dca689895bf8)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 22:37:09 by PowerPaulleo

Merge pull request #11 from PowerPaulleo/ps

fuck you 4

---
## [Moop3334/sts-robot-fight-club](https://github.com/Moop3334/sts-robot-fight-club)@[79a99b4ec2...](https://github.com/Moop3334/sts-robot-fight-club/commit/79a99b4ec216b40318f39554c8f7fa5d4a7f96a9)
#### Tuesday 2021-12-07 23:28:35 by Moop3334

Updated Nav bar layout [up3]

Us was the problem, I hate my life

---

# [<](2021-12-06.md) 2021-12-07 [>](2021-12-08.md)

