# [<](2021-06-03.md) 2021-06-04 [>](2021-06-05.md)

3,348,219 events, 1,440,692 push events, 2,381,925 commit messages, 169,026,105 characters


## [rdparker/nix-doom-emacs](https://github.com/rdparker/nix-doom-emacs)@[28f0287501...](https://github.com/rdparker/nix-doom-emacs/commit/28f02875014c891cdc32a9975861344812bfcb03)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 01:09:36 by github-actions[bot]

test/doom.d/init.el: Updating from hlissner/doom-emacs - 617ab847

### Changes for test/doom.d/init.el

```diff
--- 
+++ 
@@ -111,7 +111,8 @@
 
        :lang
        ;;agda              ; types of types of types of types...
-       ;;cc                ; C/C++/Obj-C madness
+       ;;beancount         ; mind the GAAP
+       ;;cc                ; C > C++ == 1
        ;;clojure           ; java with a lisp
        ;;common-lisp       ; if you've seen one lisp, you've seen them all
        ;;coq               ; proofs-as-programs
@@ -124,6 +125,7 @@
        emacs-lisp        ; drown in parentheses
        ;;erlang            ; an elegant language for a more civilized age
        ;;ess               ; emacs speaks statistics
+       ;;factor
        ;;faust             ; dsp, but you get to keep your soul
        ;;fsharp            ; ML stands for Microsoft's Language
        ;;fstar             ; (dependent) types and (monadic) effects and Z3
@@ -138,9 +140,8 @@
        ;;julia             ; a better, faster MATLAB
        ;;kotlin            ; a better, slicker Java(Script)
        ;;latex             ; writing papers in Emacs has never been so fun
-       ;;lean
-       ;;factor
-       ;;ledger            ; an accounting system in Emacs
+       ;;lean              ; for folks with too much to prove
+       ;;ledger            ; be audit you can be
        ;;lua               ; one-based indices? one-based indices
        markdown          ; writing docs for people to ignore
        ;;nim               ; python + lisp at the speed of c
@@ -159,7 +160,7 @@
        ;;(ruby +rails)     ; 1.step {|i| p "Ruby is #{i.even? ? 'love' : 'life'}"}
        ;;rust              ; Fe2O3.unwrap().unwrap().unwrap().unwrap()
        ;;scala             ; java, but good
-       ;;scheme            ; a fully conniving family of lisps
+       ;;(scheme +guile)   ; a fully conniving family of lisps
        sh                ; she sells {ba,z,fi}sh shells on the C xor
        ;;sml
        ;;solidity          ; do you need a blockchain? No.
@@ -167,6 +168,7 @@
        ;;terra             ; Earth and Moon in alignment for performance.
        ;;web               ; the tubes
        ;;yaml              ; JSON, but readable
+       ;;zig               ; C, but simpler
 
        :email
        ;;(mu4e +gmail)

```

---
## [elsaversailles/ICT11-AUSTRIA](https://github.com/elsaversailles/ICT11-AUSTRIA)@[f5dd055605...](https://github.com/elsaversailles/ICT11-AUSTRIA/commit/f5dd0556054da72b380db92c89b98c5176f50978)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 02:06:38 by Vince Austria

Obfuscated version of shapes.cpp

This is the obfuscated version of shapes.cpp it's unreadable for sure but hey! It works like the original. There two major reasons why I decided to obfuscate this particular cod.
First, there's no free lunch. Just like you I didn't learn anything too and I devote my two whole days on google search and rage quit twice. Second, well I'm on a brink of remedial and giving free code is not my plan for now...

---
## [nikgapps/config](https://github.com/nikgapps/config)@[a7810aa49f...](https://github.com/nikgapps/config/commit/a7810aa49fae5fbdb7f62cd94c487925f65dc884)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 03:19:38 by Adrian Miller

New build please automagical overlord (#199)

* Initial custom config for 73sydney 

I just had to try this custom build shizz out...

* 2nd build

Predictably the first one had a typo in it, i dont believe  GooglePhotos=10 was going to do what i hoped it would. 
Now more hopeful with GooglePhotos=0

We humbly bow in your presence build system....

* Delete 73sydney.config

* 2nd attempt

Predictable typo in first build

* Delete 73sydney.config

* Add files via upload

New build please automagical build system

Reason: 14th May update

* Delete nikgapps.config

* Add files via upload

New build please automagical build system

Reason: 14th May update

* Delete 73sydney.config

* New build thanks

The fun police are bloating too many ROMS with themes etc, and ruining the users
ability to flash whatever damn size g-apps they want. Dark days, does anyone remember
when you could flash what you want.

Now its less than Omni on some ROMs

*sigh*

---
## [Munalula-Sikazwe/Angular-routing-app](https://github.com/Munalula-Sikazwe/Angular-routing-app)@[e8c72f0fa9...](https://github.com/Munalula-Sikazwe/Angular-routing-app/commit/e8c72f0fa95ba733789f488364e743d3eac271b1)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 07:01:04 by Munalula-Sikazwe

Changed  the router to point to the servers component instead of the server component . My GOD FUCKING DAMN IT stupid namespaces. Shit!!!

---
## [allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit)@[c60d1e71dd...](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit/commit/c60d1e71ddc379ceeb874a5e21f940e5045b0787)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 08:43:46 by Allison Karlitskaya

.github: Change node_modules approach

The hand-off between a pull_request workflow and a workflow_run workflow
depending on it is ridiculously difficult to get right.  Stop trying.

The current approach of "implicitly rebuild node_modules every time you
push something" is also not really what we want.

To this end, introduce a "/npm install" command that can be invoked on
pull requests by contributors to the team.  This mostly does the same
thing, without the trouble of figuring out which pull request we're
running against and if we can trust the workflows running there.

We approach the permissions issue by explicitly managing the abilities
of the GITHUB_TOKENs we generate and we isolate `npm install` by:

 - using `--ignore-scripts`;

 - running it inside a container; and

 - running it in a separate job with no permissions.

We also introduce the use of a "node-cache upload" environment to
manage the deploy key used for pushing to the cache.  This is the first
use of deploy keys and environments.  In general, we plan to introduce
more moves to explicit use of environments in the future, in order to
prevent exposing secrets to workflows that don't need them and to move
away from using the cockpituous token for things that could be done with
a much-better-scoped credential.

Meanwhile, the check for "is node_modules okay?" is improved (using the
latest "git log" tricks) and moved to reposchutz.

Add some docs to tools/README.node_modules to explain the existing new
setup (node-cache repository, node_modules gitlink, tools/node-modules,
etc.) and also document the new `/npm-install` command and the one-time
steps required to configure GitHub.

---
## [SrgGrch/BlurredEducation.Backend](https://github.com/SrgGrch/BlurredEducation.Backend)@[de89943883...](https://github.com/SrgGrch/BlurredEducation.Backend/commit/de899438830ce7b4bf4e149d4e6cb782bafa6ba0)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 09:45:52 by srggrhc

I don't remember shit that i modified in this fucking commit, but seems that filtering by role is working

---
## [allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit)@[cbc048d26a...](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit/commit/cbc048d26af83f8e533d267e96a514078d269a2d)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 12:14:17 by Allison Karlitskaya

.github: Change node_modules approach

The hand-off between a pull_request workflow and a workflow_run workflow
depending on it is ridiculously difficult to get right.  Stop trying.

The current approach of "implicitly rebuild node_modules every time you
push something" is also not really what we want.

To this end, introduce a "/npm install" command that can be invoked on
pull requests by project team members.  This mostly does the same thing,
without the trouble of figuring out which pull request we're running
against and if we can trust the workflows running there.

We approach the permissions issue by explicitly managing the abilities
of the GITHUB_TOKENs we generate and we isolate `npm install` by:

 - using `--ignore-scripts`;

 - running it inside a container; and

 - running it in a separate workflow job with no permissions.

We also introduce the use of a "node-cache upload" environment to
manage the deploy key used for pushing to the cache.  This is the first
use of deploy keys and environments.  In general, we plan to introduce
more moves to explicit use of environments in the future, in order to
prevent exposing secrets to workflows that don't need them and to move
away from using the cockpituous token for things that could be done with
a much-better-scoped credential.

Meanwhile, the check for "is node_modules okay?" is improved (using the
latest "git log" tricks) and moved to reposchutz.

Add some docs to tools/README.node_modules to explain the existing new
setup (node-cache repository, node_modules gitlink, tools/node-modules,
etc.) and also document the new `/npm-install` command and the one-time
steps required to configure GitHub.

---
## [discordia-space/CEV-Eris](https://github.com/discordia-space/CEV-Eris)@[6cc5c5dae7...](https://github.com/discordia-space/CEV-Eris/commit/6cc5c5dae7ebeec0e969f30f40d681de8558e1da)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 13:36:57 by Hatterhat

changes bolt-action recoil to be more in-line with other .30 rifles (#6250)

* i kinda don't playtest my changes

* what the Fuck are recoil numbers

* i hate recoil now actually

Co-authored-by: Hatterhat <Hatterhat@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[8ece3b8c5a...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/8ece3b8c5a2b87b3943ca1e98b9c183a0df383d5)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 14:31:39 by gammafunk

Some tweaks to a few large themed vaults

Several god-themed vaults in large_themed.des had never been properly
updates for the creation of Depths, having absdepth conditions that
never applied or just didn't make sense. Other aspects of these vaults
needed updating, including more appropriate monster selection and some
generalization to let them place in late Dungeon, where they're also a
good fit. Some content changes for four vaults are described below. All
but evilmike_library_of_no_secrets now additionally place on D:13- as
well as Depths:

evilmike_library_of_no_secrets: Placement is unchanged at D:11- and
Depths, but adjust monster lists in both branches. Use both summoning
direct damage spellcasting monsters, but using only normal and
out-of-depth branch monsters. Add and place an additional monster glyph
for the top-end threats rather than using a set of weights with only two
glyphs.

evilmike_makhleb_hellhole: For Dungeon, use common demons, kobold
demonologists, and a milder selection of tier 2 "greater servant"
demons. Thin out monster placement relative to Depths. For Depths,
remove the now-trivial common demons and kobold demonologist, fully
replacing these with hell knights and deep elf demonologists,
respectively. Use a brimstone fiend as the "boss" guarding the altar
instead of another hell knight. Update the "prisoner" area to not not
reveal itself head of time and to contain actual loot with a more
appropriate set of guards. The prisoner loot as a demon weapon and some
nice potions. Make the prisoner area have a grate instead of a runed
door, so as not to clutter ctrl-o. Compassionate players may elect to
free them with a dig charge if they wish!

evilmike_halls_of_destruction: For Dungeon, use appropriate spellcasters
for the two tiers, with the second including deep elf zephyrmancers as
the top end. Make the unique spellcaster boss alternate between Nikola
and Jorgrun, with a deep elf annihilator backup should the chosen unique
be already generated. For Depths, likewise updates the spellcasters,
going up to liches for the second tier, and alternating between
Frederick and Boris with an ancient lich as backup. Replace the harmless
fire vortexes with salamander tyrants. Scale monster placement by
branch, placing fewer iood statues and tyrants in Dungeon compared to
Depths.

evilmike_negative_zone: Update the monster list to be a more appropriate
set of necromancy-themed monsters. Don't use ancient/dread liches, as
those have no actual necromancy spells. Place different loot types in a
nice arrangement instead of using a heavily random SUBST.

This commit also cleans various aspects of syntax for the above vaults
and a couple other vaults in larged_themed.des.

---
## [derrickstolee/git](https://github.com/derrickstolee/git)@[67da63c693...](https://github.com/derrickstolee/git/commit/67da63c6935b1d23e016419ef06bac9dd67fcaa3)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 15:04:15 by Derrick Stolee

CodingGuidelines: recommend singular they

Technical writing seeks to convey information with minimal friction. One
way that a reader can experience friction is if they encounter a
description of "a user" that is later simplified using a gendered
pronoun. If the reader does not consider that pronoun to apply to them,
then they can experience cognitive dissonance that removes focus from
the information.

If we use singular "they/them" pronouns instead of "he/him" or "she/her"
pronouns, then we can avoid this congitive load on the reader.

Using singular "they" is also incredibly efficient. Choosing a gendered
pronoun is usually arbitrary between "he" or "she". Using constructs
such as "he or she", "s/he", or "(s)he" are more complicated than
singular "they".

When choosing a gendered pronoun, that pronoun no longer applies to
nearly half of possible readers. Even if we alternated between "he/him"
and "she/her" perfectly evenly, we would still expect male and female
readers to experience an incorrect pronoun half the time. However, some
readers will not prescribe to either of these binary genders. Those
readers hence suffer an incorrect pronoun the entire time. Singular
"they" applies to every reader.

I believe these reasons are sufficient for the Git project to decide to
use singular "they", even if there are concerns about official style
guides recommending against it.

To justify singular "they" as an acceptable grammatical concept, I
include the careful research of brian m. carlson who collected their
thoughts on this matter [1] (lightly edited):

  Singular "they" has been used by native English speakers as part of
  the language for over half a millennium and is widely used and
  understood. This usage is specified in Merriam Webster[2]:

    The use of they, their, them, and themselves as pronouns of
    indefinite gender and indefinite number is well established in
    speech and writing, even in literary and formal contexts.

  Wiktionary notes[3] (references omitted):

    Usage of they as a singular pronoun began in the 1300s and has been
    common ever since, despite attempts by some grammarians, beginning
    in 1795, to condemn it as a violation of traditional (Latinate)
    agreement rules. Some other grammarians have countered that criticism
    since at least 1896. Fowler's Modern English Usage (third edition)
    notes that it "is being left unaltered by copy editors" and is "not
    widely felt to lie in a prohibited zone." Some authors compare use of
    singular they to widespread use of singular you instead of thou.

  Linguists fit roughly into two camps: prescriptive and descriptive.
  The former specify rules for people to use, and the latter document
  language as it is actually used without forming a judgment.

  Some prescriptivists think it is acceptable, and some do not. But
  descriptivists will rightly note that it is and has been commonly
  used in English across countries, cultures, and contexts for an
  extended period of time and is therefore generally accepted by most
  English speakers as a normal part of the language.  Since we are
  writing text for an English language audience who are mostly not
  linguists, we should probably consider using the language that most
  people will use in this context.

[1] https://lore.kernel.org/git/YKrk4dEjEm6+48ji@camp.crustytoothpaste.net/
[2] https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/they
[3] https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/they

If we refer to a specific person, then using a gendered pronoun is
appropriate. Examples within the Git codebase include:

* References to real people (e.g. Linus Torvalds, "the Git maintainer").
  Do not misgender real people. If there is any doubt to the gender of a
  person, then use singular "they".

* References to fictional people with clear genders (e.g. Alice and
  Bob).

* Sample text used in test cases (e.g t3702, t6432).

Other cases within the Git project were cleaned up by the previous
changes.

Signed-off-by: Derrick Stolee <dstolee@microsoft.com>

---
## [jimbrig/obsidian_vault](https://github.com/jimbrig/obsidian_vault)@[47fa9857fb...](https://github.com/jimbrig/obsidian_vault/commit/47fa9857fbb8c7a663c9890830a07400a29a037d)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 15:47:07 by Jimmy Briggs

vault backup: 2021-06-04 11:47:00

Affected files:

.obsidian-git-data
"5 Quotes by Keanu Reeves That May Help You Live an Authentic and Wholesome Life.md"
"5 Useful Golang Modules Developers Should Know in 2021.md"
"6 YAML Features Most Programmers Don\342\200\231t Know.md"
"9 Tricks for Boosting SQL Query Performance.md"
"A Hierarchy First Approach to Note Taking.md"
"Architecture for a Startup.md"
"CloudRun With Serverless VPC Access + CloudSQL With Private Service Connect_.md"
"Completing Tasks \342\200\224 10 Steps to Finishing What You Start.md"
"Data Ecosystem.md"
"Event-Driven APIs\342\200\212\342\200\224\342\200\212Understanding the Principles.md"
"Everything About Software Architecture.md"
"Five Tidyverse Tricks You May Not Know About.md"
"How a Single Freelancer Outperforms a Whole Team.md"
"How to Enhance Your Windows Batch Files by Adding GUI.md"
"How to Learn Linux and Git.md"
"How to Structure Your Data Science Workflow.md"
"How to Use a Daily Inspirational Routine for Long-Lasting Success in 2021.md"
"How to \342\200\230DevOps\342\200\231 as a Software Developer.md"
"I Built Docker Like Executable _Exe for RShiny!.md"
"R in Production, DevOps, and the Importance of Empathetic Witnesses.md"
"RESTful API Design \342\200\224 Step by Step Guide.md"
"RShiny Authentication With Polished on AWS Kubernetes.md"
"Scaling R Shiny Applications-.md"
"Services in Systemd- In-Depth Tutorial.md"
"System Design Basics- Load Balancer 101.md"
"System Design Paradigm- Caching.md"
"Taking Notes for Yourself- Best Practices for the Personal Notebook.md"
"The 2 Types of Technical Documentation That  Developers Love.md"
"The Data Science Landscape.md"
"The Role of Data Scientist- A Back-Of-The-Envelope Model.md"
"What\342\200\231s on Your Programming Reading List.md"
"Why Programmers Should Write Tutorials.md"
"Workflow for Serverless\342\200\212\342\200\224\342\200\212Cloud Functions + Workflow [Basic].md"
"Writing Well- A Must-Have Skill That No One Teaches Data Scientists.md"

---
## [PeterDrake/quoke2](https://github.com/PeterDrake/quoke2)@[990120c0c7...](https://github.com/PeterDrake/quoke2/commit/990120c0c747ff5c0e0f8421b1daa62aeb6d5db1)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 19:35:03 by RossGLPT

We made the item list script and put all the capsules in PreQuakeHouse into the Prefab folder because we apparently needed to for this thing to work. I love this project so much, you have no idea I am totally not extremely angry right now with how C# is working out. Unity is an amazing game engine and I understand it 100%. :D :3

---
## [Tictim/Paraglider](https://github.com/Tictim/Paraglider)@[601c9911b8...](https://github.com/Tictim/Paraglider/commit/601c9911b80642576fb655dcfb0060429753be6f)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 20:25:37 by Tictim

fix: Fix issue with lookAt in multiplayer

Why would you make the fucking thing int when the actual data is transferred as short? Fuck you Mojang.

---
## [sgrif/rubyfmt](https://github.com/sgrif/rubyfmt)@[d423b4955c...](https://github.com/sgrif/rubyfmt/commit/d423b4955c3a6dd618aedc4475a0faa58efeff7b)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 22:08:30 by Sage Griffin

Build script cleanup

This commit attempts to clean up the code responsible for compiling Ruby
in the build script, as well as get the crate compiling on Windows.

For Unix, the main change here is that I've removed any attempts at
skipping steps beyond those built into `make`. This should still skip
the most expensive parts of the build, but be much more resilient. It is
possible (or even likely) that this is going to be slightly slower than
what was there before. If this is undesirable, we should move the C
build out to a separate crate as outlined in #310.

On Windows, this goes from the crate not compiling to the crate
compiling. This commit does *not* mean that the build on Windows is
working, yet. On my machine, it builds but immediately segfaults when
run. This is most likely because I have configured Ruby to skip all
extensions except ripper. The most likely candidate is `enc` (which
unfortunately is also the one I was struggling to get building), but I
haven't dug in further.

Even though Windows builds segfault, I don't think that should block
this PR being merged. I've spent several hours banging my head against
this, and need to walk away from it for a while. The fact that it
*compiles* is still a step in the right direction. The fact that this is
strictly an improvement on what was happening before is why I opted to
submit this in this state.

The way Windows build tools are set up is... Funky. MSVC intends you to
pretty much always build through Visual Studio, and if you install just
the build tools you're expected to run through a shortcut it provides
which links MSVC DLLs and sets a ton of env vars for you. This is
definitely suboptimal, and I couldn't get the crate to build at all when
run from the MSVC console.

The CC crate seems to handle most of this for us. I still ran into a few
issues figuring everything out (Ruby builds in 32 bit by default even
when compiled on a 64 bit system for... some reason), and I couldn't
some extensions (enc and bigdecimal, possibly others) on 64-bit. But I
don't think that's because of the build environment.

The other changes were pretty straight forward. There was one instance
where we assumed `long` was 64 bits (which isn't true), and the
jemallocator crate doesn't build on Windows at the moment, so I've
disabled it.

The winapi dependency is basically just to get the appropriate
`rustc-link-libs` that are needed for Ruby. I'm not sure if the
`everything` feature actually slows anything down at runtime or not. It
should probably get pared down at some point, but after realizing it's
at least 6 or 7 dylibs I punted this for now

Fixes #301.
Related to #304.
Related to #310.

---
## [newstools/2021-anc1912orgza](https://github.com/newstools/2021-anc1912orgza)@[d569d70832...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-anc1912orgza/commit/d569d708322701fc55c67d634dd9c1118972bcfe)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 22:09:51 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [anc1912.org.za/myanc-remembering-mama-albertina-sisulu-who-decided-her-life-her-country-and-its-people-she-will]

---
## [bretth18/hardhart-dapp](https://github.com/bretth18/hardhart-dapp)@[e8a303c226...](https://github.com/bretth18/hardhart-dapp/commit/e8a303c2262f3c519838989fa2cfc0ff04545ea6)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 23:38:02 by Brett Henderson

 fuck this stupid fucking shit fuck typescript fuck it all fucking hell fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck i hate computers fuck

---
## [twmoretti/articleparser](https://github.com/twmoretti/articleparser)@[0799011444...](https://github.com/twmoretti/articleparser/commit/07990114449e0a7188210196afa9db554f74a135)
#### Friday 2021-06-04 23:53:30 by Tony Moretti

Initial set up

Just used pipenv to install django, beautifulsoup4, and lxml (later two
will be used for parsing, mostly sticking with beautifulsoup as I am
more familiar with that interface). Also set up a basic django site and
app. Currently thinking I'll stick with a single app, since I am not
familiar with django past the tutorials I ran through last night to not
go into this totally blind and I want to do things like populate both
sides of the project from a single call with as little headache as
possible, given the ~4 hours I'm supposed to spend on this.

---

# [<](2021-06-03.md) 2021-06-04 [>](2021-06-05.md)

