# [<](2021-10-03.md) 2021-10-04 [>](2021-10-05.md)

3,266,929 events, 1,607,114 push events, 2,603,965 commit messages, 200,644,863 characters


## [Prajwal-D/brasscoin](https://github.com/Prajwal-D/brasscoin)@[04bdb36216...](https://github.com/Prajwal-D/brasscoin/commit/04bdb3621662595e91e20a3479c04598681adb99)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 01:38:51 by prajw

Added endpoints for new transactions and mining anD OH MY GOD I PUT SO MUCH EFFORT INTO FIGURING OUT ONE SIMPLE SILLY BULLSHIT THING THAT IM NOT SURE HOW TO FIX because it seems to be passing currentTransactions by ref????

and also the hashes seem to only be right the first time im not sure why have to fix

---
## [BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet)@[250e231dd7...](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/250e231dd7f2f4f95284d898050fb9371d799f50)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 04:21:01 by Kapu1178

Sprite_Sheets, a new system to allow for better species (#5363)

* Initial Commit

* Basic species_restricted implementation

species_restricted bitfield & bitflags. Handling for it as well. Updated all species datums to contain their ID macro and bodytype bitflag.

* Changed sprite sheets to a bitfield. Update Icons now reads the bitfield and calls the specie's get_custom_icons() proc.

* Got ahead of my self. Fixed errors

* Debugged all the primary slots

Leaving debug icons and stuff in for now to make my life easier, and so its easier to see whats going on

* First review ready

Removed debug spritesheets. Added a prototype species-based hand offset system.

* Updates comments and adds debug species for reference

* Should pass unit tests now

* Fuck you unit test

* Fixes inv slots

Ill write a seethe post about this later. Fucking TG.

---
## [solkitty/ecosystem](https://github.com/solkitty/ecosystem)@[295f2c3b2a...](https://github.com/solkitty/ecosystem/commit/295f2c3b2ad9dcbe08850b636f62da8f142ac5cd)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 05:02:56 by SOLKITTY.IO

solkitty.png


---
slug: "solkitty"
date: "2021-10-04"
title: "SOLKITTY.IO"
logline: "SOLKITTY.IO offers a social network experience with every post being a real genuine NFT powered by the Solana Blockchain"
cta: "https://solkitty.io/"
logo: /img/solkitty.png
category: nft,app
status: live
website: https://solkitty.io/

---

SOLKITTY.IO offers a social network experience with every post being a real genuine NFT powered by the Solana Blockchain. We provide a secure encrypted vault for NFT owners to protect their intellectual property from copyright infringement with our copy cat protection cryptography protocols. Every NFT requires users to provide proof of ownership to verify authenticity. We offer a unique, fun, fast & secure way to mint NFTs, auction NFTs, collect NFTs, connect with your friends and more! Through the power of Solana, minting NFTs are now extremely cheap, fast and secure. No need to pay very high gas fees. Please note: To mint a Public NFT or Social NFT, you will be asked to provide proof of ownership which is integrated through Adobe Sign. Please remember to keep it cool cats, no adult/inappropriate/nude NFTs allowed. Meow!

---
## [DataCruncherCameron/mandelbrot_set_visualisation](https://github.com/DataCruncherCameron/mandelbrot_set_visualisation)@[8ebb86536b...](https://github.com/DataCruncherCameron/mandelbrot_set_visualisation/commit/8ebb86536be40b4cf24bd7f71bab7e51e8665891)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 07:12:07 by DataCruncherCameron

Basically finished with this file. polynomial_fuction.c
is able to output the necessary values into the files in
"colour_parameters".

The files "hex_file" and "hex_file1" contain hex values to
make some okayish colour scales imao.

TO DO:

Start a new C file that creates images of the mandelbrot set and gradually zooms in.

- complex plane zoom
- escape time algorithm
- jpeg output.

Could make this whole colour choosing process more intuitive
and easy to do somehow. It is a pain to type in the hex values
at the moment. It is also annoying having to chuck a csv file
into the P5 online editor to examine the colour scale. To tell
the truth this whole process would probably be better if it was exported
to P5. That way I could have buttons and sliders to choose colours. But to be
honest a really polished colour gradient selector is a whole project in and
of itself. Could be cool though.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c4216eb768...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c4216eb768d4fdd0dd521771262c9962c3e0c4c3)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 10:27:26 by Marko Grdinić

"8:55am. I am up. I've having some back pains in the last few days, a sign that both on this sea and in the bed my posture is too stiff.

I've decided. I should be doing ML, just on an AI chip. Right now there is zero interest in doing that. And if the whole goal is that chip I should just get any job even if it is 2.5k.

Given how the negotiation with Z went I was fully justified in walking away, but I should try again with him a year or so from now when I am done with my current project even at a 2.5k/month salary. Working on PPLs is the ideal subject, and I should prioritize interesting work over how much I get paid. Forgive and forget.

I've lost my way. Real money should be made through ML, instead of working at some job.

https://www.ycombinator.com/companies/generally-intelligent

Sure I could apply here, but just what am I going to do without AI chips. No doubt this is just another doomed startup that will end up using logistic regression to make the ends meet. For any of these projects to work, I need new hardware. That is when I could shine as a programmer.

https://spectrum.ieee.org/artificial-intelligence-quotes/particle-20

Well, let me chill a bit first. Then I'll get back to the Adobe Illustrator tutorials. One thing at a time. The Singularity is not going to happen next year, but when the conditions are all met. AI chips will need time to get here.

I've been too much in a hurry.

9:45am. https://spectrum.ieee.org/deep-learning-isnt-deep-enough-unless-it-copies-from-the-brain

Let me read this and then I will start. It seems Hawkins has a new book.

10:05am. Let me finally start.

https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/how-to/edit-artwork-basics.html

From this point.

10:15am. Done with the first video. Let me go for the next. I need to go through all the basics patiently.

10:25am. Learning this stuff is not so bad. It could be useful. Let me go to the next step. Next is the alignment video.

10:40am. Next is cutting and erasing.

11:05am. Ok, focus me. Time for the next thing.

11:20am. Focus me. Next are color swatches.

11:25am. Now it is adding lines and arrows.

11:35am. Next are color gradients.

11:55am. Next is recolor.

12:10pm. What is the next chapter?

https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/tutorials.html
https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/how-to/text-basics.html

It will take me a few days to get through this all. But it should be worth it in the end. My master project to get me into the 2/5 realm of skill should be my self portrait. If I can do a decent job of this, I can be sure I eclipsed the me of decades ago in art skill.

After that I can get started with tracing interesting art on the -boorus. After I do that for a bit, I'll be ready to start making character portraits for Simulacrum. It will also be useful for designing menus and UI themes.

After I get through the tutorials and manage to hit 2/5, I'll move on to sound composition. I'll need sound effects and compose some pieces for the game. That should be an interesting journey.

12:25pm. I really do not feel like programming with my present hardware level. If I had an AI chip and the challenge was to extract that 1,000x fold gain in computation, to win at poker or make GANs work for large images that would be one thing, but right now just who cares about ML. I am out of will to really make a spurt in order to prepare for it. I went into poker too early. I want something more fun than that sort of head bashing against the wall.

Let me have breakfast here."

---
## [nuke-ops/Nostra-13](https://github.com/nuke-ops/Nostra-13)@[3d72e74e49...](https://github.com/nuke-ops/Nostra-13/commit/3d72e74e49fd7c34d616fde34b2a34acac228aa2)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 11:38:19 by Walks-In-Shadows

No More Snootless Lizards! Also additional customization options too the Magic Mirror.

NO MORE SNOOTLESS LIZARDS!!!! Cause my GOD do they look so cursed without a snoot.

Also the Magic Mirror should be able to change your legs- And actually give an option for tails as well. Cause it just didn't make since that wasn't a thing already.

---
## [DarthSmart/fulpstation](https://github.com/DarthSmart/fulpstation)@[4c789b99a1...](https://github.com/DarthSmart/fulpstation/commit/4c789b99a11342f66291c3f222eea50c731ab6a6)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 12:40:59 by John Willard

deletes cryopods (#164)

* fuck you >deletes your cryopod

* Automatic changelog compile [ci skip]

* Update cryopod.dm

Co-authored-by: Changelogs <action@github.com>

---
## [unitystation/unitystation](https://github.com/unitystation/unitystation)@[9d18efaf5f...](https://github.com/unitystation/unitystation/commit/9d18efaf5f6decab115764e765cd4a1c50fb96d8)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 12:50:48 by MaxIsJoe

Adds the ability to climb crates (#7481)

* Adds the ability to climb crates

* cleanup

* remove function that's not working

* client and server side stuff

* fuck you rider

* Update UnityProject/Assets/Scripts/Objects/Climbable.cs

* Update Climbable.cs

* Update Climbable.cs

Co-authored-by: NoooneyDude <noooneydude@gmail.com>

---
## [neekless/nickel_kernel_wahoo](https://github.com/neekless/nickel_kernel_wahoo)@[b95fcfca4a...](https://github.com/neekless/nickel_kernel_wahoo/commit/b95fcfca4aeb0b8416911e3e1ffddd27ac4e9ff3)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 16:14:05 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Yousef Algadri <yusufgadrie@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Panchajanya1999 <panchajanya@azure-dev.live>
(cherry picked from commit 00b8d5e0c9fc626ec0330203f896b1a517e50991)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9e40ea95ad...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9e40ea95ad73bd80e92c8af6c837093d9bd6f65a)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 16:17:13 by Marko Grdinić

"1:35pm. Time to resume. I keep wanting to get into the Elaina novels. I'll do it today after I finish with work.

1:55pm. Next come adding paragraphs. Since I am playing around, a 4m video can take a lot longer. This stuff would actually be pretty useful if I am doing something like web design as the video noted.

It is not that great to have an 1/5 score in art. I'll want to bring that up to at least 2/5.

2:05pm. Focus me, next is text formatting.

2:10pm. Next is placing text on a path.

2:20pm. https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/how-to/text-basics.html

In example 4 here, why is the text on the bottom not filling in the rectangle. Instead it seems to be made up of individual shapes. What is up with that?

2:35pm. Ah, it is possible to take text and turn it into individual shapes. I see.

2:50pm. https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/how-to/drawing-tools-basics.html

This is next. I found the previous lecture relatively difficult as I did not have the required fonts and the default one had different shapes. But it did teach me a bit.

Now come curves.

I'll finally be able to do some of the actual art that I had in mind. So far, I really like the Illustrator as a tool.

3:05pm. I am getting lost in thought. Let me start the lessons.

3:30pm. It is really interesting what these tools are capable of. Right now I am trying to draw a sail and this tool allows me to redraw parts of the path with no trouble. This is good, since drawing with the mouse is really hard.

3:40pm. This chapter is less boring than the other ones since I have to stuggle a bit to get the lines to match up. I want to know more.

4pm. I've made the right decision to study this. If I just tried fiddling with the program on my own, it would take me a lot of time to figure all this out. It is best to do it up front.

Why am I doing this? Why did all of a sudden I decide to cultivate art skills?

Simply because GANss and VAEs and their combination is going to be a big deal in the future. NNs are a particularly big deal for art related work and if I restricted myself to RL, I would be quite poor in my capability to advantage of their full range of features.

RL is ultimately just a small part of the cake, and the generative stuff underneath is what is going to power the sample efficiency gains. So I might as well get familiar with it.

I need to change my style of doing things. I do not care if selling entertainment is what makes me money, I am going to stop playing life with restrictions.

4:40pm. https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/how-to/drawing-tools-basics.html

I find myself spending a lot of time on the last example of this and I am still not done. Why am I having so much trouble joining the paths. It is not working all like in the video. The behavior of it is so strange and it seems to have trouble recognizing one of the edges properly.

4:45pm. Ok, I figured it out. It seems that the curve is already duplicated stealthily, so copying it causes it to be copied twice. I only noticed this because of the curve tool.

Let me just finish the video and I'll do the chores.

4:50pm. Ok, I am satisfied. Let me do the chores.

https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/how-to/ai-layers-basics.html

The next are the layers basics.

5:10pm. Done with chores. I am looking at the old example again. It is as if somebody played a prank by connecting a line to the other end.

Well, let me move on. Amazing how much time these ultra basic tutorials are taking me. But I got into this last section.

5:20pm. Focus me, let me go through this section and I'll call it a day.

Leave the Umineko thread for later. I read ep1-6 ages ago, but not the later. I've forgotten most of it by now.

5:30pm. Ah, I see. I can use the layers panel to rearange things more precisely. Nice.

5:35pm. Focus me, two more videos and then I am done.

5:45pm. One more and I am done.

5:55pm. https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/tutorials.html
https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/how-to/artboards-basics.html

I'll leave this one for tomorrow.

It seems there are only 3 lessons left in the Get Started course.

6pm. Hmmm, thanks to what I have in my wallet (gifts from relatives I never spend) and the Spiral donations, I can just about afford to buy a tablet if I feel like it. Right now, I am still having some doubts on how long I'll stick with this, but if I can get good with vector art and feel that it's not enough, I'll seriously consider it.

6:05pm. GANs...right now I do not want to go anywhere near those things. I am so asspained from poker, that I never want to touch NNs with current hardware again. I can't run any of the bigger GANs easily, so that will send me down a rabbit hole of trying out hacks much like with Holdem. It would be a huge waste of time.

Really, I can't fault myself from wanting to develop my personal skills instead of braving that hellish gauntlet again.

AI chips would revive my interest, but now I am completely defeated. At some point one need to learn to throw in the towel. I can't do the same thing my whole life and hope that it works.

It is fine to return to Simulacrum every couple of years.

Since I would not feel good about only just writing again, I have to do this to prove my sincerity in the quest for self improvement. Everything I do should have a new basis behind it. That is the way to stay fresh. Just churning out text is to invite decay."

---
## [kubeflow/website](https://github.com/kubeflow/website)@[bdc0145c1f...](https://github.com/kubeflow/website/commit/bdc0145c1fa6297e5c737d45411dc82f26c96a0b)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 17:24:52 by Rui Vasconcelos

rm RFMVasconcelos (#2981)

Dear community,

In the last 2 years, I have had the great pleasure to be part of the community building this amazing open-source tool. I am quite satisfied in feeling that I left a small dent in the overall experience for new users.

Today I see my path take a different course, which I am excited to invest my full energy into. 🚀

I was also very lucky to work on Canonical's distribution - which I leave in the great hands of @knkski  @DomFleischmann and more. 

If you want to stay in touch, please connect via LinkedIn.

I nominate @knkski to take on some of the responsibilities I held, in his own capacity, given his 3 years of dedication to Kubeflow.

With Gratitude,
Rui

---
## [LordBigSky/haikus-for-codespaces](https://github.com/LordBigSky/haikus-for-codespaces)@[751eb4f04c...](https://github.com/LordBigSky/haikus-for-codespaces/commit/751eb4f04c0a1693d45f7fe59511f86136e56dc1)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 18:33:45 by LordBigSky

I Fear No Evil✝️🙏

No evil has the power over the believers
I know who I'm in Christ
He died for my sins and you bean has nothing against me  because my father Jesus Christ has already paid for all my sins with his blood.

May God deliver us from the hands of the wicked.

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge)@[a27eb1ab49...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/a27eb1ab49f746bd148c55d97a759ad7e6c51af3)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 19:03:34 by Nikita Voloboev

SUMMARY api anime makeup bioinformatics biology cloud-computing cloudflare-workers compilers computer-graphics webgl data-science ethereum polkadot databases dynamodb foundationdb prisma prometheus design-inspiration devops grpc economy finance learning chess governance raspberry-pi ideas knowledge-graphs life macOS-apps machine-learning graph-neural-networks reinforcement-learning geometry statistics medicine movies music-production synthesizers authentication apollo-graphql networking nlp speech-recognition speech-synthesis github-actions open-source containers docker kubernetes-plugins kubernetes emulators linux operating-systems windows other clojure-libraries cpp-libraries flutter go-libraries go java d3js js-libraries react-components react-native julia-libraries nim-libraries python-libraries reasonml-libraries rust-libraries jupyter-notebooks programming git relationships research-papers robots zero-knowledge-proofs social-networks talks email notion obsidian telegram russia tv-series browsers nodejs search-engines static-sites web-components webassembly communication

---
## [git/git](https://github.com/git/git)@[1763334caf...](https://github.com/git/git/commit/1763334caf6c060f38b3310960b38cd3b1d54687)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 19:28:36 by Jeff King

ref-filter: stop setting FILTER_REFS_INCLUDE_BROKEN

Of the ref-filter callers, for-each-ref and git-branch both set the
INCLUDE_BROKEN flag (but git-tag does not, which is a weird
inconsistency).  But now that GIT_REF_PARANOIA is on by default, that
produces almost the same outcome for all three.

The one exception is that GIT_REF_PARANOIA will omit dangling symrefs.
That's a better behavior for these tools, as they would never include
such a symref in the main output anyway (they can't, as it doesn't point
to an object). Instead they issue a warning to stderr. But that warning
is somewhat useless; a dangling symref is a perfectly reasonable thing
to have in your repository, and is not a sign of corruption. It's much
friendlier to just quietly ignore it.

And in terms of robustness, the warning gains us little. It does not
impact the exit code of either tool. So while the warning _might_ clue
in a user that they have an unexpected broken symref, it would not help
any kind of scripted use.

This patch converts for-each-ref and git-branch to stop using the
INCLUDE_BROKEN flag. That gives them more reasonable behavior, and
harmonizes them with git-tag.

We have to change one test to adapt to the situation. t1430 tries to
trigger all of the REF_ISBROKEN behaviors from the underlying ref code.
It uses for-each-ref to do so (because there isn't any other mechanism).
That will no longer issue a warning about the symref which points to an
invalid name, as it's considered dangling (and we can instead be sure
that it's _not_ mentioned on stderr). Note that we do still complain
about the illegally named "broken..symref"; its problem is not that it's
dangling, but the name of the symref itself is illegal.

Signed-off-by: Jeff King <peff@peff.net>
Reviewed-by: Jonathan Tan <jonathantanmy@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [video2ster/is-facebook-dead](https://github.com/video2ster/is-facebook-dead)@[4984864b3a...](https://github.com/video2ster/is-facebook-dead/commit/4984864b3abf289430dc1d9e2efe507615720c1f)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 20:23:20 by video2ster

GOD I FUCKING HATE GITHUB'S MONOSPACE FONT

AAAAAAAAAA

---
## [Team-9-The-Society/Educational-Solar-Sim](https://github.com/Team-9-The-Society/Educational-Solar-Sim)@[9d12ea2c65...](https://github.com/Team-9-The-Society/Educational-Solar-Sim/commit/9d12ea2c655ef346710a10d42ff3e2e1d57e7f59)
#### Monday 2021-10-04 22:46:36 by Ryan Derr

Merge pull request #6 from Team-9-The-Society/feature-RyanScenes

I hate my life

---

# [<](2021-10-03.md) 2021-10-04 [>](2021-10-05.md)

