# [<](2021-06-07.md) 2021-06-08 [>](2021-06-09.md)

4,114,803 events, 1,458,760 push events, 2,375,755 commit messages, 179,685,897 characters


## [staten-island-tech/api-project-carinansunni](https://github.com/staten-island-tech/api-project-carinansunni)@[1f8fc3da80...](https://github.com/staten-island-tech/api-project-carinansunni/commit/1f8fc3da8066bcd6c7b4c03ac033fb8d20415cdf)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 02:09:47 by CarinaAlessandro

SUNNI PUT IT BACK REVERT PLEASE GOD

good morning to future sunni but

\what did u do to my boy goya

search doesnt work at all now :(((( is it just me :(((

---
## [mamedev/mame](https://github.com/mamedev/mame)@[c2b5ce3018...](https://github.com/mamedev/mame/commit/c2b5ce3018defb9d22a27e8d45037d151f05877c)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 02:12:01 by Firehawke

First pass at Apple IIgs software list overhaul (#8120)

New working software list additions (apple2gs_flop_orig.xml)
------------------------------------------------------------
Balance of Power: The 1990 Edition (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Bridge 6.0 (Version 2.49B) (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Questron II (Version 1.1) (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Reach for the Stars (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Roadwar 2000 (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Superstar Ice Hockey (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Life and Death (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Tetris (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
LaserForce (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Arkanoid II: Revenge of Doh (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Bubble Ghost (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Déjà Vu (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Hacker II (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Destroyer (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
GBA Championship Basketball (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Jigsaw (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Mini-Putt (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Omega (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Photonix (Version 1.46) (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Silpheed (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Space Quest (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
The Third Courier (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
War in Middle Earth (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego? (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Windwalker (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Warlock (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Winter Games (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Shanghai (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Police Quest (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Dragon Wars (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Monte Carlo (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Sub Battle Simulator (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
John Elway's Quarterback (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Space Quest II (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
King's Quest III (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Great Western Shootout (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
The Black Cauldron (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
The King of Chicago (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]
King's Quest IV: The Perils of Rosella (IIgs) [4am, Firehawke]

* New working software list additions (apple2gs_flop_orig.xml)
------------------------------------------------------------
Mean 18 [4am, Firehawke]
Hover Blade [4am, Firehawke]
Fast Break [4am, Firehawke]
Halls of Montezuma [4am, Firehawke]
Star Saga: Two - The Clathran Menace [4am, Firehawke]
Club Backgammon [4am, Firehawke]
Beyond Zork: The Coconut of Quendor (Revision 57 / 871221) [4am, Firehawke]
2088: The Cryllan Mission - The Second Scenario [4am, Firehawke]
Defender of the Crown [4am, Firehawke]
Skate or Die [4am, Firehawke]
Street Sports Soccer [4am, Firehawke]
Out of this World [4am, Firehawke]
Thexder (Version 2.7) [4am, Firehawke]
Tunnels of Armageddon (Version 1.0) [4am, Firehawke]

---
## [CherishOS/android_vendor_cherish](https://github.com/CherishOS/android_vendor_cherish)@[51dd60dbb1...](https://github.com/CherishOS/android_vendor_cherish/commit/51dd60dbb1758232b03cbe22e3327509a6531149)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 03:03:55 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Arghya Chanda <arghyac35@gmail.com>

notch-city: Refactor package name

Signed-off-by: ShubhamB <shubhamprince111@gmail.com>
Change-Id: Ieb8b35a3062c9334e82153a1dd26df3853db4f1f
Signed-off-by: Hưng Phan <phandinhhungvp2001@gmail.com>

---
## [mikabe1805/englishhhhh](https://github.com/mikabe1805/englishhhhh)@[46cdf95aa3...](https://github.com/mikabe1805/englishhhhh/commit/46cdf95aa3c1a4e841c717529bd062f8021e777c)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 03:14:16 by maria roberts

ke: well obviously she wants someone who has never danced here take both of my kids place

h: no the kids wanna dance, brooke said she-

a: do you guys hear that? NO YOU SAID-

ke: did you just sit here and say that my daughter looks miserable so maybe we should put kalani in her place

a: no i never said that

ke: yes you most certainly did

a: NO I DIDNT DINGBAT, LISTEN, I SAID ‘brooke is your mother ke: GET YOUR FINGER OUT OF MY FACE speaking for you or do you want to be here?’

abby tries to eat kelly’s finger, kelly slaps abby

h: girls out the room. GIRLS OUT THE ROOM. OUT THE ROOM GIRLS OUT OF THE ROOM

c: oh my gawd

ke: get off of me

h: OUT THE ROOM

ke: GET AWAY FROM ME

h: OUT THE ROOM. GIRLS OUT OF THE ROOM RIGHT NOW

ke: who do you think you are?

h: GIRLS OUT OF THE ROOM

a: you are nuts

h: ALL OF YOU, OUT OF THE ROOM

ke: no you are nuts

a: youre nuts

h: NOW, OUT OF THE ROOM. MADDIE YOU TOO, ALL OF YOU OUT OF THE ROOM. NO ALL OF YOU

a: she’s crazy

ke: NO IM NOT CRAZY YOURE EATING MY FACE

h barreling through abby: gotta get out of the room. gotta get out the room. no absolutely not

a: call the police, RIGHT NOW

ke: go ahead. you were comin at me

hin the background: all of you

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[c6a4cbde82...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/c6a4cbde82a3033e900afa5c9d46de45c58dd69f)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 03:57:49 by Nicholas Feinberg

Remove wandering mushroom/toadstool magic

Wandering mushrooms were able to path through toadstools so that it
wouldn't be annoying when you created a wandering mushroom, prayed on
a corpse to get a toadstool, and then got stuck. That logic really
isn't need anymore.

Reverts b5de9b17133aa . (Sorry, Sage.)

---
## [ejohn17/COSC-322-Amazons-Chess](https://github.com/ejohn17/COSC-322-Amazons-Chess)@[7ed141007e...](https://github.com/ejohn17/COSC-322-Amazons-Chess/commit/7ed141007eb31ec80177deb699b94c24e5fd2aa4)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 13:18:14 by GrandTheftWalrus

Did a whole shitload of piss

Well I didn't technically do that much but it definitely took like 8 hours. I fixed the god damn 3 problem, which was caused by mutation errors. For some reason using Arrays.copyOf() wouldn't fix the problem. No idea why. But anyway, writing my own .copyOf() fixed it, somehow. The MCTS actually runs and makes decisions, but the decisions are still random due to the simulation method always returning the same result. It does this whether it's my simulation method or the one Nick wrote, for some reason, except Nick's always returns 0 and mine always returns either 1 or -1 depending on which team the AI is on. So, we'll have to fix that and then we might have a functioning AI.

---
## [Lex-2008/buildscripts](https://github.com/Lex-2008/buildscripts)@[1022a1b327...](https://github.com/Lex-2008/buildscripts/commit/1022a1b3274ef444ae76ad9e7443a2c47f3718a6)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 14:22:37 by Aleksei Shpakovskii

TEMPORARY switch to PostgreSQL 13.x project in release-monitoring.org

NOTE TO SELF: remember to revert this commit on master after 3.18.x branched off!

Reason my to do it - to perform dependency updates on master.
They must follow to 3.18.x branch and be kept on master.

Otherwise, it would look silly to have deps on master with versions lower than
on a stabilisation branch :) And who knows how long will it take for PostgreSQL
guys to release a version 14.

---
## [nfm886/skin.arctic.zephyr.2.resurrection.mod](https://github.com/nfm886/skin.arctic.zephyr.2.resurrection.mod)@[c2c262e679...](https://github.com/nfm886/skin.arctic.zephyr.2.resurrection.mod/commit/c2c262e6795ed47cb33f1e91180c9fd17e6dad29)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 15:03:42 by Piotr

Create FUNDING.yml

Hey my gorgeous friends!
I decided to add sponsor button to support me^^ 
Of course it's not necessary since I'm doing it with passion and love to awesome Arctic: Zephyr 2 skin, Kodi and this awesome community!

---
## [AristodamusAdairs/JeffTheK](https://github.com/AristodamusAdairs/JeffTheK)@[0ded76756e...](https://github.com/AristodamusAdairs/JeffTheK/commit/0ded76756e906e748ca5a4b1b040c17b0a510c33)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 16:28:00 by AristodamusAdairs

Whoops!

Sorry I made a mistake in a previous code. I think the gif is nice. Dude hope so you like this update. This is final update lol. Update the repo! Dude love from Pakistan. I prefer Ukraine on Russia. :-) Hope so you liked my small update. IMAO!
Aristodamus Adairs
#include <iostream>
using namespace std;

int main() {
  cout << "Hey!";
  cout << "I do not type my real name but why?";
  return 0;
}

---
## [GreenJon902/SpaceBuilderMergeGame](https://github.com/GreenJon902/SpaceBuilderMergeGame)@[0d8934d07a...](https://github.com/GreenJon902/SpaceBuilderMergeGame/commit/0d8934d07affa68ebd7cff13917d0ae5cf5b7f4c)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 16:56:36 by GreenJon902

fixed bug, AND FUCKED UP SHIT NOW I HAVE TO DO IT AGAIN GOD FUKIN DAMIT

---
## [chinese-soup/agmod](https://github.com/chinese-soup/agmod)@[787df843a4...](https://github.com/chinese-soup/agmod/commit/787df843a46cfd79a3ae9573876fcf253d486f20)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 17:22:58 by fireblizzard

Lower default intermission/chat times + Add cvar

Added the `mp_intermission_time` cvar, which tells how many seconds the
whole intermission can take to finish automatically.

So the intermission is divided in 2 parts, and it always has been, but before
this commit only the first part was customizable, and in AG 6.6 not even
the first part. That first part is the chat time, configurable by the
`mp_chattime` cvar, which was set to 10 seconds automatically in AG 6.6
right at the start of the intermission, so whatever value you had configured
for it, it was ignored completely. That was fixed some time ago in AG 6.7,
but the second part (the rest of the intermission) was still hardcoded.

So the first part, the chat time, is where players usually say _gg_, etc.,
so they need a few seconds to chat a bit before the map changes. This part
cannot be skipped. It's now set by default to 6 seconds, as it seems it
was originally thought out by VALVe, and seems kinda reasonable, but maybe
you want to tweak it a bit. Whatever you set, it will be clamped between
1 and 120 seconds, or by the new `mp_intermission_time` cvar, whichever
is more strict; so those are the limits for `mp_chattime`.

The second part is just the rest of the intermission. After the chat time
is over, any player that tries to attack, jump, duck or use, will put an
end to the intermission and the server will load the next map, so just
one player in the server has to do this. The problem is that sometimes,
no player does this, specially in bhop/kz servers, where some unexperienced
player might just tab out of the game and wait for the game to load the next
map. They don't know how to skip the second part and they just had to wait
2 minutes for it to end, which is boring and probably make them think the
game is bad, etc. Those 2 minutes were hardcoded, so now it's configurable
via the `mp_intermission_time`, which will be clamped between 1 and 120
seconds. By default it's now set to 15 seconds (it was 120 before).

If both `mp_chattime` and `mp_intermission_time` have the same
value, then all the intermission will be just chat time, unskippable, and
it will change map automatically when it's over. You have to consider that
you can still chat during the second part of the intermission, after the
chat time. It just won't change unless you attack/jump/duck/use. So some
players might want a bit more time to chat, maybe in teamplay it won't
be useful as some player will surely skip the intermission, but in 1v1
if both players have stuff to say they won't want to skip inmediately,
they might chat for a few seconds more, that's why the default chat time
is now 6 seconds but the whole intermission can take up to 15 seconds, so
9 extra seconds to chat for those cases. Maybe it's too low, we'll see.

---
## [elementary/houston](https://github.com/elementary/houston)@[f23069d50a...](https://github.com/elementary/houston/commit/f23069d50ab43f328687bd283fa64d8ad38e7007)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 18:34:20 by Blake Kostner

I hate my life choices. This time it's pug templating.

---
## [GloryShovel/Warms](https://github.com/GloryShovel/Warms)@[676b149f8d...](https://github.com/GloryShovel/Warms/commit/676b149f8d6731a2c2dc2d57ce47f565b5db0290)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 19:06:18 by Kamil Skrzypkowski

So gravity sucks and i don't know what is happening with it :)
Probable not gonna clean this mess just make it work a bit like proper game (normally i'm not that lazy at my work).
Bullet should work as intended but gravity messes with me.
Motivation = 0 (not sure why, maybe because my my teacher is on another level and i have problems understanding his code, not sure)
DONE:
-bullet shooting system
-bullet graphic placeholder
-proper drawing system (which finally works)
-proper init system (which also caused a lot of frustration)
-vector * double operator

TODO (general):
-Collision system (for player and bullet)
-Second player + making it turn based
-bullets affecting players on explosion (no intentions to implement no-friendly fire)

---
## [Verkister/VOREStation](https://github.com/Verkister/VOREStation)@[6facad0b0a...](https://github.com/Verkister/VOREStation/commit/6facad0b0a19b2bbdf1c837dc2f4b8add8ba030e)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 20:38:57 by Verkister

Makes headsets colorable in the paint machine

Kinda freaky but I swear I thought I had done this a long time ago but evidently I just dreamed that or some shit lmao???

---
## [AlemayehuB/242_final](https://github.com/AlemayehuB/242_final)@[aae145facf...](https://github.com/AlemayehuB/242_final/commit/aae145facf25305ac7ac42bac08b01e650973a8d)
#### Tuesday 2021-06-08 23:58:27 by LukeFairbanks

Add files via upload

mostly just added some comments throughout and proposed a couple changes to acceptance function. Sorry haven't been able to contribute more, been swamped finishing grading up until last night, doing an assignment for my advisor this morning, and have a 24h test tomorrow so need to start actually studying for that LOL I'll try my best to finish test early tomorrow & get back to this, but definitely on Thursday I'll be back on it

---

# [<](2021-06-07.md) 2021-06-08 [>](2021-06-09.md)

