# [<](2021-07-17.md) 2021-07-18 [>](2021-07-19.md)

1,918,830 events, 1,137,927 push events, 1,677,393 commit messages, 93,569,597 characters


## [the-grue/SnowflakeOS](https://github.com/the-grue/SnowflakeOS)@[92e21abe82...](https://github.com/the-grue/SnowflakeOS/commit/92e21abe8246b15ab6d33a4d2f996032a6b5696e)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 00:06:28 by Johan Manuel

Doom: OMG Edition

Damn.

Still can't believe anything runs on this. As a big fan of both 2016 and
Eternal, this is indeed a glorious day.

There's a bug when loading a save, and the key press drops make the game
hard to enjoy reliably, but hell, it does work!

I had to supply an implementation for some rather obscure calls (such as
the now beloved `__divdi3`), and my initial naive attempts didn't quite
satisfy doom. This should explain the added `arith64.c` file; many
thanks to its author, linked within. Perhaps it'd be better to link with
libgcc, but right now, let's not.

---
## [fulpstation/fulpstation](https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation)@[25bad9c513...](https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/commit/25bad9c51354d1d238c79f2709f0c86d52389db3)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 01:59:00 by John Willard

Literally just adds felinid bans (#274)

* Fuck you *bans you from felinid*

* why do we have 2 folders for emotes

* trailing commas my bel

* 50% chance on having an even better race instead

* Update races.dm

---
## [michel47/mikcol](https://github.com/michel47/mikcol)@[9e5d5c9c1d...](https://github.com/michel47/mikcol/commit/9e5d5c9c1d99cfa7fe5de356aa38c0f3200dae1e)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 04:22:24 by Katina L. Jalkut

playlist update on 07/15/21:\n diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/TEDs-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/TEDs-keys.yml
index be337e7..c3b1e4f 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/TEDs-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/TEDs-keys.yml
@@ -4,0 +5 @@
+- Un2yBgIAxYs # How trees talk to each other | Suzanne Simard
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/birds-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/birds-keys.yml
index 4795f93..e127bdb 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/birds-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/birds-keys.yml
@@ -3 +3 @@
-- NRZBd1m8W6A # Osho Songs- A Bird Called Now [ music video ]
+#- NRZBd1m8W6A # Osho Songs- A Bird Called Now [ music video ]
@@ -5,7 +5,7 @@
-- ocyK1AzMnDI # Bird Set Free - Sia (legendado) - A Série Divergente
-- nMFUkbr7ymY # The Theory of Everything - Soundtrack ending scene (The Cinematic Orchestra - Arrival of the birds)
-- jeJT_el4wTA # MÖWE - Birds Flying High
-- lT67liGjZhw # Birdy - Skinny Love [One Take Music Video]
-- 6oT8ReF5rjE # Sia Performs &#39;Bird Set Free&#39;
-- jBIRD91AZ5M # Best russian music hits 90&#39;s
-- niRpDsflYAc # Hardwell feat. Mr. Probz - Birds Fly (OUT NOW!) #UnitedWeAre
+#- ocyK1AzMnDI # Bird Set Free - Sia (legendado) - A Série Divergente
+#- nMFUkbr7ymY # The Theory of Everything - Soundtrack ending scene (The Cinematic Orchestra - Arrival of the birds)
+#- jeJT_el4wTA # MÖWE - Birds Flying High
+#- lT67liGjZhw # Birdy - Skinny Love [One Take Music Video]
+#- 6oT8ReF5rjE # Sia Performs &#39;Bird Set Free&#39;
+#- jBIRD91AZ5M # Best russian music hits 90&#39;s
+#- niRpDsflYAc # Hardwell feat. Mr. Probz - Birds Fly (OUT NOW!) #UnitedWeAre
@@ -19,2 +19,2 @@
-- GJGNmgy676I # Granville Online: Flight of the hummingbird
-- JVmDOJcBrR0 # The Hummingbird and the Forest Fire
+#- GJGNmgy676I # Granville Online: Flight of the hummingbird
+#- JVmDOJcBrR0 # The Hummingbird and the Forest Fire
@@ -23,3 +23,3 @@
-- sBAYjJUtigY # Clif High: Temporal Awareness, Cryptocurrencies, The Yogi vs.The Bluebirds
-- NeQi1CcA7a8 # Sia - Bird Set Free (The Golden Pony Remix)
-- hn10okvX19E # Bird's Teardrops - Peia Luzzi, Estas Tonne - Ashland, Oregon 2018
+#- sBAYjJUtigY # Clif High: Temporal Awareness, Cryptocurrencies, The Yogi vs.The Bluebirds
+#- NeQi1CcA7a8 # Sia - Bird Set Free (The Golden Pony Remix)
+#- hn10okvX19E # Bird's Teardrops - Peia Luzzi, Estas Tonne - Ashland, Oregon 2018
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/eperel-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/eperel-keys.yml
index 72d43d2..9ccf3ee 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/eperel-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/eperel-keys.yml
@@ -4,0 +5 @@
+- bPVYAq2nsgo # Esther Perel ON: Finding Love & the Real Reason Couples Break Up
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/healing-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/healing-keys.yml
index 92fa108..5ad86d5 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/healing-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/healing-keys.yml
@@ -16,0 +17 @@
+- GZw8fRPK-8k # How to Release Emotions Trapped in Your Body 10/30 How to Process Emotions Like Trauma and Anxiety
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/health-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/health-keys.yml
index 1d4d43e..5d93f60 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/health-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/health-keys.yml
@@ -3,0 +4,2 @@
+- yBdUec86_YY # Learn about vaccine progress from the WHO
+
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/relationship-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/relationship-keys.yml
index e0463d6..512c21d 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/relationship-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/relationship-keys.yml
@@ -3,0 +4 @@
+- bPVYAq2nsgo # Esther Perel ON: Finding Love & the Real Reason Couples Break Up
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/tango-experimental-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/tango-experimental-keys.yml
index f7ea909..a7ae816 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/tango-experimental-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/tango-experimental-keys.yml
@@ -2,0 +3 @@
+- aSSU6yLsnWU # HK - Dis-leur que l'on s'aime, dis-leur que l'on sème (Officiel)
@@ -10,0 +12 @@
+- LBVYVw3-eOs # Léa Castel - Amour à la haine [Clip officiel]
@@ -26,0 +29 @@
+- w6ccbOC0XUI # HAEVN - Throw Me a Line
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/world-music-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/world-music-keys.yml
index 00d3a0f..6011575 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/world-music-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/world-music-keys.yml
@@ -2,0 +3,2 @@
+- 5ur6DWdE-HE # HK - Petite Terre (officiel)
+- tN0ipJq9nac # HK & Les Saltimbanks - "On lâche rien"
diff --git a/ytube/_data/lists/wuotai-music-keys.yml b/ytube/_data/lists/wuotai-music-keys.yml
index ddb8aed..2bafb14 100644
--- a/ytube/_data/lists/wuotai-music-keys.yml
+++ b/ytube/_data/lists/wuotai-music-keys.yml
@@ -1 +1,7 @@
----
+---
+- Dh1K-R3_Zco # POWERFUL MANTRA TO OPEN THE THIRD EYE ... ACTIVATE THE PINEAL GLAND
+- 6THHrPyZQuQ # ZAZ – Qué vendrá (Clip officiel)
+- yd7IMUCpUcA # Mei-lan - Shalom (Live)
+- 4ei0zNu-6HQ # Guided Meditation - Step Into Your Power
+- uJWoy58wsmM # Abel Korzeniowski - Dance For Me Wallis
+- 9g-6y1yWlPA # ZAZ - Demain c’est toi (vidéo studio)
@@ -2,0 +9,2 @@
+- dUJMreWwF-I # "Cradle for the Sacred"
+- XFW2YQLp_3Q # 1 Hour of Soul Healing Music - In the Arms of an Angel - Blissful Sounds for Sleep - No Words
@@ -18,0 +27,2 @@
+- _k_XlAx1_9E # Healing Light Frequency ❤️
+

---
## [HarpssB/harpssb.github.io](https://github.com/HarpssB/harpssb.github.io)@[cc88d76bf7...](https://github.com/HarpssB/harpssb.github.io/commit/cc88d76bf72fc0efef282a0392700a69797df922)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 05:57:44 by HarpssB

Made the replacement image family friendly

"Screw You" image has been replaced with spin boy

---
## [PIVX-Project/PIVX](https://github.com/PIVX-Project/PIVX)@[152d244d60...](https://github.com/PIVX-Project/PIVX/commit/152d244d60883b96af779e4f45d60abc14d66f9e)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 09:51:14 by random-zebra

Merge #2267: [Doc] Introducing Deterministic Masternodes

9f43405907d42f7861922d6385e6019c48f64eb5 [Doc] Add DIP3 rpc commands to the release notes (random-zebra)

Pull request description:

  This is the current state of my DMN branch.
  Deterministic masternodes fully working on regtest (except for proof of service, which will come later), with a good number of tests covering registration, update, revocation, revival, collaterals auto-locking, consistency after reorgs, compatibility with the old system, payments, and governance voting. :coffee:

  There are several differences with Dash code, mostly in the RPC, mempool, block assembler, compatibility code, wallet, deployment logic, and unit/functional testing (which led to the discovery of a few bugs, including a non-trivial one, reported upstream).
  But, overall, this remains respectful of the specification given here (at least for now... we'll have to modify the spec a bit when introducing shield rewards later):
  - [DIP3 — Deterministic Masternode Lists](https://github.com/dashpay/dips/blob/master/dip-0003.md)

  Huge props and thanks to Codablock and the Dash Core developers for the design of this awesome protocol.

  In order to follow the specification, implementing it in our PoS system, while still allowing the cold-stake script, a critical consensus change was needed: the masternode/budget payment is no longer included in the *coinstake* transaction. It is, instead, an output of the *coinbase* transaction, which, in turn, is no longer required to be empty.
  As a side effect, this enables the definition and use of a new P2CS script, with no "free" outputs.
  The block version is bumped to `10`, with the new rules.

  This PR serves as general container for tracking, and will now be divided in more manageable sub-PRs, for better review.

  ### Introduction

  Deterministic Masternode lists are lists of masternodes, built at every block, relying only on on-chain data (previous list, and transactions included in the current block).
  All nodes derive (and verify) their masternode lists independently, from the same on-chain transactions, thus they immediately reach consensus on the tier-two state (number of masternodes, properties and status of each one).
  As clearly explained in the "motivation" part of the DIP document, this is crucially different from the previous system:

  > The previous system was maintained with consensus mechanisms that predated Satoshi Nakamoto’s solution to the Byzantine Generals Problem. This meant that each node needed to maintain their own individual masternode list with P2P messages and not a blockchain based solution. Due to the nature of the P2P system, there was no guarantee that nodes would come to the same conclusion on what the masternode list ought to look like. Discrepancies might, for example, occur due to a different order of message reception or if messages had not been received at all. This posed some risks in regard to consensus and limited the possible uses of quorums by the system.
  >
  > As a concrete example, the previous system required implementing workarounds such as "masternode reward voting" which was performed multiple blocks in advance for each block to make sure that consensus would be found and agreed on. Enforcing this consensus however still posed a risk which could have resulted in network wide forking, so a spork to turn off masternode payment enforcement was added to prevent this issue from occurring. The spork was used sporadically after major network updates.

  This is a major overhaul, which brings also a good number of improvements in the user experience, while removing the shortcomings of the previous system.
  All reviewers are encouraged to take a deep dive in the DIP3 document, which describes perfectly the advantages of the new system.

  ### New Roles

  For each masternode, three different "roles" are defined. Each role is represented by a private/public keypair.

  1. **Owner**: Must be unique on the network. Can update the other two roles, and the masternode payout address.
  2. **Operator**: Must be unique on the network. The operator key is saved in the `pivx.conf` of the remote node, and it is used to sign masternode-related P2P messages (e.g. budget finalisations, or masternode winners in the compatibility code). It can also be used to update the masternode IP-address, or the operator payout address (if the masternode is configured to allow a percentage of the reward to be paid to operator).
  3. **Voting**: Doesn't have to be unique (multiple masternodes can share the same voting key). It is used to cast budget votes.

  The same keypair can be used for all three roles (at least for now, the operator key will be changed to a BLS key soon), but they must be different from the key of the collateral address.

  ### New Transaction Types

  Special transactions ([DIP2](https://github.com/dashpay/dips/blob/master/dip-0002.md)) were introduced in #1966, but no new transaction type has been defined in PIVX yet.
  Here we introduce four new types, each identifying a particular transaction payload, with its own validation rules:

  - `PROREG` (*provider-register*): this is the main special transaction. Used for the registration of a new masternode, setting all of its properties (such as the keys for each role). It creates the masternode collateral, as one of its outputs, or it references a 10000 PIV unspent output on chain (in which case, it must include a signature with its keys, as proof of ownership).
  - `PROUPSERV` (*provider-update-service*): sent by the mn **operator** to update the properties related to the service (IP address, operator payout address)
  - `PROUPREG` (*provider-update-registrar*): sent by the mn **owner** to update the operator key, the voting key, or the payout address.
  - `PROUPREV` (*provider-update-revoke*): sent by the mn **operator** to revoke the service, and put the mn in PoSe-banned state (e.g. in case of compromised keys). The masternode can be "revived" later, by sending a ProUpReg tx, which sets a new operator key, and then a ProUpServ tx (signed with the new key), which sets the new IP address for the masternode.

  ### Code Architecture

  Deterministic masternodes are represented as objects of the class `CDeterministicMN`.
  This class includes a member variable that stores a shared pointer to a constant `CDeterministicMNState` object, which encapsulates the dmn state (updated properties and status).

  A list of masternodes is represented by the class `CDeterministicMNList`, which uses immutable functional maps (https://github.com/arximboldi/immer) to hold the actual information about each entry.
  A new list is built at every block and mantained by `CDeterministicMNManager`.

  The use of immutable functional maps is, in my opinion, an elegant solution, devised by Codablock, to reduce the memory overhead required for the masternode list update at every block, by adopting a [copy-on-write](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copy-on-write) approach.
  Immutable data structures are provided by default on functional-programming oriented languages, such as Clojure or Scala, but for C++ we unfortunately need to rely on third party libraries.
  We could switch to an implementation based on `std::map`s, but that would severly impact the performance and require hundreds of MB in the ram, just for MN list housekeeping.

  The code still contains a lot of ugly parts, which we need to keep for compatibility with the old system. Most of them are properly commented. My first task, after the full deployment on mainnet, will be to do a general cleanup and refactoring, removing all the legacy system code.

  ### Deployment

  This an hard-forking update, slated for **PIVX v6.0**.
  It will be deployed with a combination of `nuparams` activation height, and a spork message.
  For this purpose, a new height-based (rather than time-based) spork, `SPORK_21_LEGACY_MNS_MAX_HEIGHT`, is introduced.
  It will be used only during the transition to the new system, and can be removed afterwards.

  As in the previous mandatory upgrades, there will be a protocol bump, shortly before the enforcement block.
  All nodes must be updated before the protobump.
  Masternodes, as usual, will need to send a new MNB start message, after upgrading, with the new protocol number.

  After the enforcement, new consensus rules apply (such as block v10), and new special transactions are accepted on the network (with the exception of `PROUPREG`).
  Deterministic masternodes can be registered, but have a few limitations, in order to be compatible with the legacy system (which is still active): for example, they cannot pay a portion of the reward to the operator, yet.
  The system still uses the old logic for masternode payments (mnw signed messages), with new compatibility code, in order to take into account also nodes from the deterministic list.

  After the activation of `SPORK_21_LEGACY_MNS_MAX_HEIGHT`, the legacy system is disabled, and the transition to deterministic masternode lists is complete.
  At this point, mno can also send `PROUPREG` transactions, and use all the features of DMNs. The new payment logic applies.

  The reasons for using a spork, instead of pre-set number of blocks after enforcement, are multiple:

  - It allows for easier testing on testnet, with the possibility of disabling and re-enabling legacy masternodes multiple times, in order to test different scenarios
  - It allows for safer deployment on mainnet: we might want to wait until the network has a good percentage of dmn, before disabling the legacy system. Or, conversely, there could be an unforseen bug in the compatibility code, which would require a transition faster than expected.

  ### TODO

  These are the next milestones:

  - Proof of service for masternodes (with [DIP6](https://github.com/dashpay/dips/blob/master/dip-0006.md) and [DIP7](https://github.com/dashpay/dips/blob/master/dip-0007.md))
  - kickass GUI
  - Budget system overhaul
  - Chain-locks ([DIP8](https://github.com/dashpay/dips/blob/master/dip-0008.md))
  - SHIELD masternode rewards

ACKs for top commit:
  furszy:
    utACK 9f43405907d42f7861922d6385e6019c48f64eb5
  Fuzzbawls:
    utACK 9f43405907d42f7861922d6385e6019c48f64eb5

Tree-SHA512: 0c23228522cf021147cb66affcceb8b453c952e9db433c4513ebfcdc3328243383742e8a18eea985036a107506ceb10b39e96d4e0fde87ea16686d2f7039e0bc

---
## [Piyush7880/virtual-assistent](https://github.com/Piyush7880/virtual-assistent)@[9be9245d62...](https://github.com/Piyush7880/virtual-assistent/commit/9be9245d62c4df9c296f942de06a34fa6757b03d)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 10:14:37 by Piyush dixit

Add files via upload

virtual-assistant-Desktop-
The project aims to develop a personal-assistant for windowsbased systemsJarvis draws its inspiration from virtual assistants like Cortana for Windows, and Siri for iOS. It has been designed to provide a user-friendly interface for carrying out a variety of tasks by employing certain well-defined commands. Users can interact with the assistant either through voice commands or using keyboard input. As a personal assistant, Jarvis assists the end-user with day-to-day activities like general human conversation, searching queries in google, bing or yahoo, searching for videos, retrieving images, live weather conditions, word meanings, searching for medicine details, reminding the user about the scheduled events and tasks. The user statements/commands are analysed with the help of machine learning to give an optimal solution. Keywords:- Personal Assistant, , Automation, Machine Learning.

Queries from the web: Making queries is an essential part of one’s life, and nothing changes even for a developer working on Linux. We have addressed the essential part of a netizen’s life by enabling our voice assistant to search the web. Here we have used Node JS and Selenium framework for extracting the result from the web as well as displaying it to the user. Jarvis supports a plethora of search engines like Google, Bing and Yahoo and displays the result by scraping the searched queries. In order to make queries from different search engines, the given format should be adopted:
Accessing youtube videos : Videos have remained as a main source of entertainment, one of the most prioritized tasks of virtual assistants. They are equally important for entertainment as well as educational purposes as most teaching and research activities in present times are done through Youtube. This helps in making the learning process more practical and out of the four walls of the classroom. Jarvis implements the feature through a subprocess module which is handled by the main Golang service. This service initiates the subprocess for Node JS which serves the Selenium WebDriver, and scraps the searched YouTube query.
Get weather for a location: Getting live weather conditions about a place remains an important task of virtual assistants. It helps the user charter the course of their action. Jarvis addresses this issue with the help of Python.
Set Reminders : One of the main features of a voice assistant is to set a reminder for the user accordingly. Jarvis is no different when it comes to this. The user can set reminders to be notified about a task at a particular time. This will help users, especially developers to schedule their time and resources easily. All the user have to do is to input Set reminder to the assistant. A form will be displayed. Fill the form with the required details and click on set reminder button.
Sending Emails : Integrating mailing features to Jarvis eases the job of mailing, which otherwise would have to be done by opening the concerned email address. With Jarvis, you do not need to go for another tab to do one of the major task of your day to day affairs. The user can send emails to the desired receiver. He should input Send mail, after which a form will be displayed. Fill the form with the required details and click on the send mail button. And it can also perform many functions like Corona update, Bank Information,Air Quality of any city,Sunrise & Sunset Timing of any city and Many more.

---
## [nem0-z/dora_kernel_oneplus_sm8150](https://github.com/nem0-z/dora_kernel_oneplus_sm8150)@[2032bd5f96...](https://github.com/nem0-z/dora_kernel_oneplus_sm8150/commit/2032bd5f96aaa36d655c01ef23f4d2dcc3275a28)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 13:11:25 by Zlatan Radovanovic

Revert "msm: camera: icp: Enable hang dump on failure"

Fuck you CAF.

This reverts commit eece594678f618c964051092fa0dd470b26039b3.

---
## [ogomez92/Beatstar](https://github.com/ogomez92/Beatstar)@[a2ffd04a80...](https://github.com/ogomez92/Beatstar/commit/a2ffd04a80c6fd7bb9822761f11e93d3fbeb2a06)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 15:23:34 by ogomez92

chore: Finally working environment awwww yeah fuck u bitchez

---
## [Arhor/diploma](https://github.com/Arhor/diploma)@[c96eab3d5e...](https://github.com/Arhor/diploma/commit/c96eab3d5e89dadda91690005ab3bb2c19345352)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 18:14:02 by Maksim Buryshynets

Hate me, love me, but you can do nothing with this fu**ing-huge commit possible bringing buggy-behavior;

---
## [dany-eduard/holbertonschool-web_front_end](https://github.com/dany-eduard/holbertonschool-web_front_end)@[47395ef3bb...](https://github.com/dany-eduard/holbertonschool-web_front_end/commit/47395ef3bb89dbb3abf8e2206f64b8485e68b7ca)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 20:43:39 by dany-eduard

add: task 29. Client quotes

Copy the content of 27-index.html into 29-index.html

in the Testimonials section
in the first article
replace the text with a blockquote with text I am completely blown
away. Thanks to Techium, we've just launched our 5th website! and
cite author Yuri Y.

in the second article
replace the text with a blockquote with text Thank you so much for
your help. Techium company is awesome! and cite author Dorrie S.
in the third article
replace the text with a blockquote with text I love your system.
Definitely worth the investment. I'd be lost without Techium
company. and cite author Sven H.

---
## [Soviet5lo/SlashTHEM](https://github.com/Soviet5lo/SlashTHEM)@[6aa803efe9...](https://github.com/Soviet5lo/SlashTHEM/commit/6aa803efe9ae4546f897f9884f3fb72ca5e11d18)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 20:45:16 by Soviet5lo

Merge branch 'feature/Knight_Patch' into develop

Pretty much a complete port of the Knight patch from Sporkhack over to
SlashTHEM with a few modifications and additions.  Should make knights a
bit more interesting to play as.  This will certainly break existing
saves, by the way.

General changes:

* Knights can be chaotic (Human/Incantifier/Doppelganger/Vampire),
  complete with their own role ranks and sacrifice gift.  Chaotic
  knights get no alignment penalty from stealing, using poisoned
  weapons, or eating while satiated.

* The Magic Mirror of Merlin saw a few changes.  It now grants
  reflection when carried for knights only, if playing as another role
  it must be wielded for it to grant reflection.  In addition it now
  also grants Half Spell Damage when carried.

* The lance also saw a few changes.  It's no longer considered a
  polearm, and therefore cannot be applied like one.  The extra jousting
  damage formula has been changed as well, from 2d10 to 2d(5+level / 3).

* A knight jumping will only reduce rnd(10) hunger, instead of rnd(25).

* Dragons are considered the natural enemy of Knights, therefore they
  can never be tamed by a Knight, and are always generated awake and
  hostile.

* Riding was changed a bit.  All roles that start with a steed (Knight,
  Warrior, Paladin, Yeoman and Noble) get a bonus to mounting their
  starting steeds allowing them to reliably use them at the start of the
  game.  However they won't be able to use their mount's full speed
  until they reached at least Skilled in Riding.

* Knight skill changes: Can now reach Expert in Broadsword and
  Two-Handed sword, Mace and Javelin have been reduced to Basic.

* Two new artifacts have been introduced for Chaotic Knights.  Dirge,
  the original Excalibur counterpart from the Knight Patch, has been
  turned into an intelligent chaotic short sword as the first sacrifice
  gift.  +5 to-hit and double poison damage.  Soulthief has been revived
  from Nethack-- as the chaotic Excalibur counterpart, being an
  intelligent long sword.  +5 to-hit and +6 damage in addition to level
  drain.  Soulthief can be created by dipping a long sword into a
  fountain at level 5 as a chaotic knight, as well as being crowned as a
  chaotic knight.

* Chaotic Knights don't get the Healing Hands or Turn Undead techniques,
  instead they get a new technique: Souleater.  Requires the user to be
  wielding a weapon and above half of their maximum HP.  Upon use it
  inflicts half of your maximum HP as damage to yourself and reduces all
  non-flan (puddings, jellies and blobs) monsters in line of sight to
  1/4th of their remaining HP.  In addition it also increases to-hit by
  +2 and all weapon damage by (level/4)d8 for (techlevel/2 + 1) turns.
  If wielding Soulthief upon use, the user gains an additional 4 turns
  for the extra damage effect.  This is mostly inspired by a similar
  technique in Final Fantasy IV.  Will probably need some better
  balancing in the future.

---
## [kubast2/spark](https://github.com/kubast2/spark)@[9718a4ea1e...](https://github.com/kubast2/spark/commit/9718a4ea1e06ef13d9d09991b01edb7b1dfd1d92)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 20:45:23 by Jakub Strzelecki

I FUCKING HATE JAVA, I FUCKING HATE 99.99% OF LIBRARIES, FUCK THIS SHIT I AM FORKING THIS CRAP

FUCK JAVA PIECEO F SHIT LANGUAGE

---
## [newstools/2021-limpopo-mirror](https://github.com/newstools/2021-limpopo-mirror)@[624d1396ee...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-limpopo-mirror/commit/624d1396ee99a3f8a12ef55ede7d6fd9f1c525e2)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 20:56:14 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [limpopomirror.co.za/articles/news/54624/2021-07-18/late-netshiombo-will-be-remembered-for-her-love]

---
## [mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming)@[7bda99d559...](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming/commit/7bda99d5598e984d22e8a88ef7b5625fc4c476be)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 21:15:04 by Karel Ha

Compete in Google Kickstart '21 Round D

points: 34/100 pts :-/
rank: 2034/7156 (~11000 contestants) [in review]
rank: 1877/6465 (~11000 contestants)
- 1st among Czechs
PERCENTILE: >71% (~ >81% overall) [in review]
PERCENTILE: >70% (~ >82% overall)

Round overview:
N/A

Analysis
--------
- failed attempts at D
  - should have followed the stats
    - even William Lin couldn't solve TS1 even after 5 attempts :-(
  -> should have focused more on C TS2 :-/

A: S AC AC [0:19:49 +0]
- cumbersome implementation:
  - trick w/ loading full 3x3 G w/ dummy value in the center
    - G[1].resize(2);
    - cin >> G;
    - G[1].PB(CLEAN);
    - swap(G[1][1], G[1][2]);
  - trick using map count to get umax(result, .) w/ most promising value
    - for (auto & s: {(G[1][0]+G[1][2]), (G[0][1]+G[2][1]), (G[0][0]+G[2][2]), (G[2][0]+G[0][2])}) {
    - umax(result, ++cnt[s/2]);
=> SIMPLIFY CODE AHEAD/WHEN YOU CAN

B: S AC MLE [0:57:12 +0]
- attempted only brute (B1.cpp)
  - if not stuck on D, would have come back to this
    - and perhaps solved in 20-40 min :-/
- O(N * |max width|)
  - sort intervals from left to right
  - traverse over every possible (integer) cut point
    - calculate richness of each cut
    - push back to `vector<ll> cuts` of richness values
  - greedily take out up to C richest values of cuts
- pre-submit bug
  - not bounding index `i` to `cuts` during greedy traversal
    - i.e. `REP(i,C)`
    - instead of `REP(i,min(C, ll(SZ(cuts))))`
=> REMEMBER TO (UPPER-)BOUND TRAVERSAL INDICES WHEN GREEDILY TAKING OUT VALUES!!
   => ALWAYS KEEP IN MIND WHETHER INDEX IS UPPER-BOUNDED BY `SZ(container)`!!!

C: S AC RE [1:41:29 +0]
- task w/ neareast elements queries
- not that hard:
  -  804 ( 7%) failed
  - 1828 (17%) passed TS1 <- me
  - 1067 (10%) passed TS2
    - should have tried the TS2
    - although it'd be risky, tight, right on the bound
      - 1000 is not that many people
      - but additional time
- submitted version (C1.cpp)
  - use vector<bool> avail to store still available questions
  - some trickery logic with lo, hi (nearest neighbors)
    - return the closer one (or prefer the lo for ties)
    - if one is UNDEF, return the other one
- after contest
  - some ideas w/ map<> and {upper,lower}_bound
  -> O(n log n), should be enough, we'll see during the upsolve

D:
- out of my reach
  - 323 (3%) failed
  -  56 (1%) passed TS1
  -  79 (1%) passed TS2

Signed-off-by: Karel Ha <mathemage@gmail.com>

---
## [makingglitches/GooglePhotoDownload](https://github.com/makingglitches/GooglePhotoDownload)@[55164a62cd...](https://github.com/makingglitches/GooglePhotoDownload/commit/55164a62cddb6c65e15e41d670676d314ef51541)
#### Sunday 2021-07-18 23:40:35 by John Sohn

began re-adding the fucking sqlite code I added a long time ago when these fucking assholes stole evetything last.
I don't really see a different strategy other than a rewrite, and yes a 5 gb+ mem usage when storing a fucking list of goddamn file paths etc doesn't make any sense and imma fucking make sure its not MY code doing it since js doesn't have fucking reflection worth a damn. and by the fucking way you pieces of shit are going to fucking die if you don't stop doing your fucked up chomo shit around me

---

# [<](2021-07-17.md) 2021-07-18 [>](2021-07-19.md)

