# [<](2021-01-09.md) 2021-01-10 [>](2021-01-11.md)

1,941,322 events, 1,114,398 push events, 1,589,156 commit messages, 102,409,387 characters


## [Thalpy/tgstation@5ad6fd883f...](https://github.com/Thalpy/tgstation/commit/5ad6fd883fdb1fd59af346cf003b23b57d34fec5)
##### 2021-01-10 00:19:24 by tralezab

NOTELEPORT errywhere (#55973)

These prevent some cheats or really low effort ways to get to where you really shouldn't be.

Mappers seriously fucking hate jaunting and phasing mechs, as they let you bypass their custom crafted ruins and the like. But it'll also stop more general "you shouldn't be here" stuff.

---
## [esmBot/esmBot@3de4858b5a...](https://github.com/esmBot/esmBot/commit/3de4858b5ad15a08cdaf649654a36ca3fbfa5222)
##### 2021-01-10 01:50:31 by adroitwhiz

Clean up image API code paths (#49)

* Document image.js a bit

* Close image.js sockets in all code paths

I'm not sure whether sockets get GC'd when the function returns

* Remove getFormat

It was only called from one place, and the object property names were
quite confusing

* Clean up image.js conditional a bit

I had to write out an entire truth table for this and work it all out
Thinking hard

* Move actual ImageMagick calling into separate file

This gets rid of the weird, brain-melting ouroboros of code that
recurses across threads and processes.

* Reduce amount of getType wrangling

This amounted to an awful lot of dead conditionals after the image
commands were all modified to pass in image types anyway. This has also
led to two different implementations diverging, which causes bugs like
GIF commands applied to non-GIFs erroring instead of providing a
user-friendly message.

* Unify image-runner return type, clarify image type

This allows us to remove the fromAPI parameter from image-runner, and
helps greatly clarify the behavior around image types.

* Deduplicate GIF code, fix "not a GIF" handling

The special "nogif" value is now stored as the image type instead of its
value, as the value must always be a Buffer now--no loosely-typed
shenanigans.

---
## [Kaz205/android_kernel_google_wahoo@5881635cec...](https://github.com/Kaz205/android_kernel_google_wahoo/commit/5881635cec284ceac3f4acc4eb4a386bc43d2414)
##### 2021-01-10 04:19:45 by Linus Torvalds

mm: remove unused variable in memory hotplug

When I removed the per-zone bitlock hashed waitqueues in commit
9dcb8b685fc3 ("mm: remove per-zone hashtable of bitlock waitqueues"), I
removed all the magic hotplug memory initialization of said waitqueues
too.

But when I actually _tested_ the resulting build, I stupidly assumed
that "allmodconfig" would enable memory hotplug.  And it doesn't,
because it enables KASAN instead, which then disables hotplug memory
support.

As a result, my build test of the per-zone waitqueues was totally
broken, and I didn't notice that the compiler warns about the now unused
iterator variable 'i'.

I guess I should be happy that that seems to be the worst breakage from
my clearly horribly failed test coverage.

Reported-by: Stephen Rothwell <sfr@canb.auug.org.au>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: celtare21 <celtare21@gmail.com>

---
## [nishant18024/pornpool@6a6f5e5bc0...](https://github.com/nishant18024/pornpool/commit/6a6f5e5bc07aec52ffed3df47ba43a8ac310c862)
##### 2021-01-10 09:30:22 by Nishant Kumar

Update Petite Schoolgirl Gets Fucked By Her Big Step Brother In The Shower.html

---
## [nishant18024/pornpool@b1d16aa9fb...](https://github.com/nishant18024/pornpool/commit/b1d16aa9fb52bd4865d0da1ad027de8aa33634c6)
##### 2021-01-10 09:30:53 by Nishant Kumar

Update Young Guy And His Friend Caught And Fucked His Step Sister.html

---
## [silont-project/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm660@0ae04acce9...](https://github.com/silont-project/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm660/commit/0ae04acce9f9f870ef9d7b55fc6fa25c534aeee4)
##### 2021-01-10 13:43:44 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Dede Dindin Qudsy <xtrymind@gmail.com>

---
## [steven-vd/GAMEN_Exam@bd2208089a...](https://github.com/steven-vd/GAMEN_Exam/commit/bd2208089ab146bf729da34ae65da044f65896a8)
##### 2021-01-10 15:20:40 by steven-vd

I live in an Unreal prison. An Epic employee runs my prison. In prison, the employee tries to torment me. We can take away his knives by confessing, every day. In about 2000, I masturbated fantacizing about my niece, Lani. She looks like Star Trek Seven of Nine! In 1985, at my sister's wedding, I stuck my crotch on the hot tub drain because it kinda sucked. In 1985, I tried to get a dog to lick my digg. From 1998-2003, I fantacized about leading a Catholic army like Dune, of Mexicans or Brazilians? That was dumb because they're joggers. In 2003, I played tag with a black girl about 7-years-old. She reached for my crotch. In high school, in the library, Carlos and I said 'juicy' or 'toxic' as a way of evaluating girls. In 1988, I cheated on my SAT by talking in the hall during the break -- two problems. On 9/9/1999, I killed a glowie on purpose with my car. :-) In 1982, when I was 12, I babysat Kevin's kids. I changed a diaper because I thought that was being professional. In 1975, when I was about age five, my brother, Keith, put my penis in a vacuum. In 1977, when I was about age seven, my brother, Danny, got me high on gas fumes and we sucked each other's diggs. Dr. Tsakalis had an oddly round ass. Paul Keck at Xytec had an oddly round ass. Distracting? At about age five, Jay Weinrick and I touched diggs to each other's buttholes.

What do we do all day?

We beat the Epic employee because the Epic employee cannot understand what a random number is.

We beat the Epic employee because the Epic employee thinks the brain does timer tongues.

We beat the Epic employee because he thinks TempleOS is real mode.

---
## [Aretosteles/codeforces@451b31f347...](https://github.com/Aretosteles/codeforces/commit/451b31f347a8d1c8e8d2e6a69912162650077b50)
##### 2021-01-10 19:01:03 by Aretosteles

Add files via upload

The first line contains a non-empty string, that contains only lowercase English letters — the user name. This string contains at most 100 letters.
If it is a female by our hero's method, print "CHAT WITH HER!" (without the quotes), otherwise, print "IGNORE HIM!" (without the quotes).
A. Boy or Girl - Problem 236A

---

# [<](2021-01-09.md) 2021-01-10 [>](2021-01-11.md)

