# [<](2021-03-22.md) 2021-03-23 [>](2021-03-24.md)

3,222,992 events, 1,619,590 push events, 2,502,381 commit messages, 191,711,164 characters


## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@9f69aba826...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9f69aba82685f6cd7f3aad5b3f2278a0ab11760d)
##### 2021-03-23 11:09:52 by Marko Grdinić

"10:30am. I should not have stayed up reading Reverend Insanity until 1am. At any rate, I am finally up. Let me chill a bit and I will start.

Today my schedule involves more playing around with Kivy. The first thing I want to do is investigate just what the hell is going on with that slider.

Also, I said yesterday that fill does not matter, but it does. I want to do a back button. How will I do that without filled triangles? Also I want to draw card icon - spade, diamond, heart and club using line instructions and fill it.

10:50am. Let me start. Since I got up late today, I am behind schedule. Let me figure out what the hell is going on with that slider.

```
root = Builder.load_string('''
BoxLayout:
    orientation: 'vertical'
    Slider:
        size_hint_y: 0.2
        min: 0
        max: 360
        value: 0
    FloatLayout
    Button:
        size_hint_y: None
        text: 'x'
''')
```

Putting an empty float layout helps with stabilizing it. In the previous example, because the Button did not use the size hint, that cause the slider to take up the entirety of the space.

```
    Slider:
        size_hint_y: 0.1
        min: 0
        max: 360
        value: 0
```

This way of doing things is so awkward though. Can it just take up the space it needs, but not any more?

I need to study this more!

I spent an entire day on this yesterday, but I still haven't internalized all that I wanted.

11am. Focus me. What do I do next.

```
BoxLayout:
    orientation: 'vertical'
    Slider:
        size_hint_y: 0.1
        min: 0
        max: 360
        value: 0
    FloatLayout:
        canvas:
            Color:
                rgba: 1,0,0,1
            Rectangle:
                pos: 0,0
                size: 100,100
            # Triangle:
            #     points: 0,0,50,50,100,100
    Button:
        size_hint_y: None
        text: 'x'
```

Damn it, the triangle is doing nothing, and to make things worse, the Rectangle is not drawing inside the bounds of the FloatLayout.

This is problematic. Let me go through the examples.

```
            Triangle:
                points: 0,0,50,50,100,0
```

Ah, wait this works! I fucked up an made the triangle completely flat.

```
            Triangle:
                points: 100,100,50,150,100,200
```

Here is my back button. To draw card icons, I'll have to get familiar with all sorts of curves though.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.graphics.vertex_instructions.html#kivy.graphics.vertex_instructions.Mesh

It really bothers me that I have no idea what most of this is.

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.graphics.vertex_instructions.html#kivy.graphics.vertex_instructions.Triangle

This is the only option for the triangle. No line thickness or roundedness?

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43048021/can-i-set-the-canvas-window-in-kivy-that-i-can-draw-only-on-the-white-area-and-n

> You can do that the easy way and the hard way. The easy way is using StencilView as a widget, which has a nice [demo](https://github.com/kivy/kivy/blob/master/examples/canvas/stencil_canvas.py).

https://kivy.org/doc/stable/api-kivy.uix.stencilview.html

StencilView limits the drawing of child widgets to the StencilView’s bounding box. Any drawing outside the bounding box will be clipped (trashed).

10:25am.

```
BoxLayout:
    orientation: 'vertical'
    Slider:
        size_hint_y: 0.1
        min: 0
        max: 360
        value: 0
    FloatLayout:
        canvas:
            PushMatrix
            Translate:
                xy: self.x, self.y
            Scale:
                scale: 3
            Color:
                rgba: 1,0,0,1
            Triangle:
                points: 50,0,0,50,50,100
            PopMatrix
    Button:
        size_hint_y: None
        height: 150
        text: 'x'
```

This works. Let me try the StencilView.

```
    StencilView:
        canvas:
            PushMatrix
            Translate:
                xy: self.pos
            Scale:
                scale: 5
            Color:
                rgba: 1,0,0,1
            Triangle:
                points: 50,0,0,50,50,100
            PopMatrix
```

Oh, this indeed clips it when it goes beyond its boundary.

11:35am.

```py
from kivy.app import runTouchApp
from kivy.lang.builder import Builder

root = Builder.load_string('''
BoxLayout:
    orientation: 'vertical'
    Slider:
        id: slider
        size_hint_y: 0.1
        min: 0.1
        max: 10
        value: 0.5
    StencilView:
        canvas:
            PushMatrix
            Translate:
                xy: self.pos
            Scale:
                xyz: slider.value,slider.value,slider.value
            Color:
                rgba: 1,0,0,1
            Triangle:
                points: 50,0,0,50,50,100
            PopMatrix
    Button:
        size_hint_y: None
        height: 150
        text: 'x'
''')

if __name__ == '__main__': runTouchApp(root)
```

Ok, I get it.

It is slow, but this is the general way one attains expertise. Getting from 1 to 2 out 5 is actually a fairly smooth journey as long you apply yourself. 3 to 5 is all about abstraction, but 1 to 2 is all about knowledge.

What should I do next? I can do a back button now. I definitely understand a bunch of things now that I hadn't before. But overall, my understanding of graphics is still quite low.

I would not put myself at even 2/5 yet.

11:40am. A few days ago I skimmed the processing tuts, but now that I see there is a lot of overlap between UI work and graphics, I am more motivated to dive deeper into it.

Actually, I had not realized this connection at all while studying Avalonia. With Avalonia I carefully restricted myself to what is available, but now with Kivy I am using the canvas, so my experience is like day and night compared to that time.

11:45am. I am trying to maximize my creativity here.

Right now on the side I am thinking how I would do UIs using Rx and my conclussion is that Python is a massive pain in the ass.

https://rxpy.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference_operators.html?highlight=distinct#rx.operators.distinct_until_changed

Oh, it takes in the mapper and the comparer.

...Ok, since it allow passing in the comparer, I'll be able to squeeze in using the structural equality that Spiral already has. I was worried about this.

11:50am. I want to go forward with Processing. Right now is the ideal time to study it. After I get familiar with its concepts I'll transfer them to Kivy and can get it on with making the UIs.

Right now, for the first time in my life, the question of data flow and organization is not the problem. Those last two are what will allow me to do in a 100 lines what would have otherwise taken 1000. But I still need basic familiarity with graphics and layouting to make the UI in the first place.

Let me get processing and I will go through the tuts while following the examples.

https://py.processing.org/

If I have to pick between Java and Python, I'd pick the later. Performance does not matter for me here either.

12pm. https://medium.com/processing-foundation/a-modern-prometheus-59aed94abe85

> A Processing program is called a sketch. This is more than a change in nomenclature, it’s a different approach to coding. The more traditional method is to resolve the entire plan for the software before the first line of code is written. This approach can work well for well-defined domains, but when the goal is exploration and invention, it prematurely cuts off possible outcomes. Through sketching with code, unexpected paths are discovered and followed. Unique outcomes often emerge through the process.

Yes, this is what I must learn with Python. I must learn to learn to move faster when it comes to sketching out UIs. I am not always working with software that takes me weeks to code up.

12:10pm. Let me stop here so I can have breakfast.

Forget about going fast. It seems that the next few weeks are going to be the complete opposite of the tension of the past few. I can take a break from Spiral for a bit."

---
## [home-assistant/home-assistant.io@5ddb6529c1...](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/commit/5ddb6529c13dd4ba8f5aa364b2560740a77bf178)
##### 2021-03-23 11:11:19 by elyobelyob

I found that a 4pm or other non midnight required buffering. (#16182)

* Update history_stats.markdown

---
title: History Stats
description: Instructions about how to integrate historical statistics into Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Utility
  - Sensor
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_release: 0.39
ha_quality_scale: internal
ha_domain: history_stats
---

The `history_stats` sensor platform provides quick statistics about another integration or platforms, using data from the [`history`](/integrations/history/) integration.

It can track how long the integration has been in a specific state, in a custom time period.

Examples of what you can track:

- How long you were at home this week
- How long the lights were ON yesterday
- How long you watched TV today

## Configuration

To enable the history statistics sensor, add the following lines to your `configuration.yaml`:

{% raw %}

```yaml
# Example configuration.yaml entry
sensor:
  - platform: history_stats
    name: Lamp ON today
    entity_id: light.my_lamp
    state: 'on'
    type: time
    start: '{{ now().replace(hour=0, minute=0, second=0) }}'
    end: '{{ now() }}'
```

{% endraw %}

{% configuration %}
entity_id:
  description: The entity you want to track.
  required: true
  type: string
state:
  description: The states you want to track.
  required: true
  type: [list, string]
name:
  description: Name displayed on the frontend. Note that it is used by Home Assistant to generate sensor's `object_id` so it is advisable to choose a unique one and change name for frontend using [customization](/docs/configuration/customizing-devices/#friendly_name) or via [Lovelace](/lovelace/entities/#name).
  required: false
  default: unnamed statistics
  type: string
type:
  description: "The type of sensor: `time`, `ratio`, or `count`."
  required: false
  default: time
  type: string
start:
  description: When to start the measure (timestamp or datetime).
  required: false
  type: template
end:
  description: When to stop the measure (timestamp or datetime).
  required: false
  type: template
duration:
  description: Duration of the measure.
  required: false
  type: time
{% endconfiguration %}

<div class='note'>

  You have to provide **exactly 2** of `start`, `end` and `duration`.
<br/>
  You can use [template extensions](/topics/templating/#home-assistant-template-extensions) such as `now()` or `as_timestamp()` to handle dynamic dates, as shown in the examples below.

</div>

## Sensor type

Depending on the sensor type you choose, the `history_stats` integration can show different values:

- **time**: The default value, which is the tracked time, in hours
- **ratio**: The tracked time divided by the length of your period, as a percentage
- **count**: How many times the integration you track was changed to the state you track

## Time periods

The `history_stats` integration will execute a measure within a precise time period. You should always provide 2 of the following :
- When the period starts (`start` variable)
- When the period ends (`end` variable)
- How long is the period (`duration` variable)

As `start` and `end` variables can be either datetimes or timestamps, you can configure almost any period you want.

### Duration

The duration variable is used when the time period is fixed. Different syntaxes for the duration are supported, as shown below.

```yaml
# 6 hours
duration: 06:00
```

```yaml
# 1 minute, 30 seconds
duration: 00:01:30
```

```yaml
# 2 hours and 30 minutes
duration:
  # supports seconds, minutes, hours, days
  hours: 2
  minutes: 30
```

<div class='note'>

  If the duration exceeds the number of days of history stored by the `recorder` component (`purge_keep_days`), the history statistics sensor will not have all the information it needs to look at the entire duration. For example, if `purge_keep_days` is set to 7, a history statistics sensor with a duration of 30 days will only report a value based on the last 7 days of history.

</div>

### Examples

Here are some examples of periods you could work with, and what to write in your `configuration.yaml`:

**Today**: starts at 00:00 of the current day and ends right now.

{% raw %}

```yaml
    start: '{{ now().replace(hour=0, minute=0, second=0) }}'
    end: '{{ now() }}'
```

{% endraw %}

**Yesterday**: ends today at 00:00, lasts 24 hours.

{% raw %}

```yaml
    end: '{{ now().replace(hour=0, minute=0, second=0) }}'
    duration:
      hours: 24
```

{% endraw %}

**This morning (6AM - 11AM)**: starts today at 6, lasts 5 hours.

{% raw %}

```yaml
    start: '{{ now().replace(hour=6, minute=0, second=0) }}'
    duration:
      hours: 5
```

{% endraw %}

**Current week**: starts last Monday at 00:00, ends right now.

Here, last Monday is _today_ as a timestamp, minus 86400 times the current weekday (86400 is the number of seconds in one day, the weekday is 0 on Monday, 6 on Sunday).

{% raw %}

```yaml
    start: '{{ as_timestamp( now().replace(hour=0, minute=0, second=0) ) - now().weekday() * 86400 }}'
    end: '{{ now() }}'
```

{% endraw %}

**Next 4pm **: ends today at 00:00, lasts 30 days. Easy one.

{% raw %}

```yaml
    end: '{{ now().replace(hour=0, minute=0, second=0) }}'
    duration:
      days: 30
```

{% endraw %}

**Last 30 days**: ends today at 00:00, lasts 30 days. Easy one.

{% raw %}

```yaml
    end: '{{ now().replace(hour=0, minute=0, second=0) }}'
    duration:
      days: 30
```

{% endraw %}


** 4PM always in the future**: ends in the future at 16:00, starts 24 hours before.

{% raw %}

```yaml
    end: '{{ (now().replace(minute=0,second=0) + timedelta(hours=8)).replace(hour=16) }}'
    duration:
      hours: 24
```

{% endraw %}

**All your history** starts at timestamp = 0, and ends right now.

{% raw %}

```yaml
    start: '{{ 0 }}'
    end: '{{ now() }}'
```

{% endraw %}

<div class='note'>

  The `/developer-tools/template` page of your Home Assistant UI can help you check if the values for `start`, `end` or `duration` are correct. If you want to check if your period is right, just click on your component, the `from` and `to` attributes will show the start and end of the period, nicely formatted.

</div>

* $pm - 4pm example implemented

* Tweak

* Update source/_integrations/history_stats.markdown

Very happy with this change ...

Co-authored-by: Franck Nijhof <frenck@frenck.nl>

* Update source/_integrations/history_stats.markdown

Co-authored-by: Franck Nijhof <frenck@frenck.nl>

---
## [GitInVisualStudio/KnueppelKampf@328aa3f39c...](https://github.com/GitInVisualStudio/KnueppelKampf/commit/328aa3f39cea19bfa436492e890bd88c93a78e20)
##### 2021-03-23 13:20:12 by yami.miriam

GOT THE FUCKING BULLSHIT WORKING YOU CAN M O V E NOW FUCK YEAH

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@8cb1f9bcc9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8cb1f9bcc9e2ff35f2e859d558ee5886592dabb8)
##### 2021-03-23 18:02:29 by Marko Grdinić

"1:30pm. Done with chores.

1:35pm.

```py
def c(x,y,r):
    ellipse(x,y,r,r)

q = sqrt(30**2)
c(25,25,30)
c(25+q,25+q,30)
```

No, I need to rotate it in order to do sideways placement.

```py
def c(x,y,r):
    ellipse(x,y,r,r)

q = sqrt(2 * 30**2)/2
c(25,25,30)
c(25+q,25+q,30)
```

Ah, wait, it is like this. Ok, I get it.

https://py.processing.org/tutorials/

Let me go through the tutorials here. This is what I should be doing. I'll level up my graphics design skill to a basic level. A week or two will not be too long for this kind of work. Of course, I'll supplement this kind of learning with UI work. I won't just glue myself to Processing.

My first goal would be to do the 4 card icons. Alongside this, I'll also do the Spiral logo.

Let me first deal with the tutorials.

2:10pm.

```py
def setup():
    size(480, 480)
    background(0)

def table():
    rectMode(CORNERS)
    fill(210,150,0)
    pad = 10
    rect(pad,pad,width-pad,height-pad,30)
    inner = 30
    fill(0,250,10)
    rect(inner,inner,width-inner,height-inner,30)

def draw():
    table()
```

Right now I am just drawing a table.

How do I make the stroke thicker?

2:15pm. Let me take a short break here.

https://py.processing.org/tutorials/color/

This thing is next.

2:30pm. Let me resume.

The table I did was nice, but I wonder how I am going to translate that into Kivy considering it does not have rounded rectangles.

I have to get familiar with OpenGL to some degree as Kivy is based on it. Once I have that knowledge, I'll be able to understand what its true capabilities are.

I praised Intellisense of the Python plugin, but it is still nowhere near as good as those for statically typed langs. Also the Processing IDE is not as good as the VS Code editor.

2:35pm. I am just so bad at this. I have no idea what HSB mode would be useful for.

```py
def setup():
    size(480, 480)
    background(90,90,255,0)

def table():
    rectMode(CORNERS)
    fill(210,150,0)
    strokeWeight(5)
    pad = 10
    rect(pad,pad,width-pad,height-pad,30)
    inner = 30
    fill(0,250,10)
    rect(inner,inner,width-inner,height-inner,30)

def draw():
    table()
```

This is a bit better, let me go into the tutorial.

3:05pm. https://py.processing.org/tutorials/objects/

This is actually pretty boring. But let me go forward with my plan. I'll start skimming here though.

3:20pm. Yeah, this is pretty boring.

https://py.processing.org/tutorials/text/

I am skimming things again. Maybe when it comes to the 3d stuff, things will get more interesting.

3:40pm. https://py.processing.org/tutorials/transform2d/

I am dying here. This is so boring.

3:55pm.

```py
def setup():
    size(400,400,P3D)

def draw():
    background(120)
    pushMatrix()
    translate(100,100)
    angle = 360*(float(mouseY)/height)
    translate(50,0)
    rotateX(radians(angle))
    print(angle)
    rect(0,0,100,100)
    popMatrix()
```

These is more interesting.

I am surprised that the origin matters when doing the rotation. Also I do not unnderstand exactly why the rectangle bieng a flat like is at 74 degrees. I'd have expected it to be at 90.

```
def setup():
    size(600,600,P3D)

def draw():
    background(120)
    pushMatrix()
    translate(300,300)
    angle = 360*(float(mouseY)/height)
    rotateX(radians(angle))
    print(angle)
    rectMode(CENTER)
    rect(0,0,100,100)
    popMatrix()
```

Ah, I get it. It is 90* when it is exactly in the middle of the screen. I've neglected to think about the viewport.

https://py.processing.org/reference/beginShape.html

Something like this with fill would be really useful to have in Kivy. In order to draw tables in Kivy since it does not have rounded rectangles out of the box, I'll have to get familiar with curves of various sorts.

Also this primitive is what I'll need to draw card icons...

No wait. I'll need the curves.

```py
def setup():
    size(600,600,P3D)

def draw():
    background(200)
    angleY = 360 * float(mouseY) / height
    angleX = 360 * float(mouseX) / width
    translate(200,300)
    rotateX(radians(angleY))
    rotateY(radians(angleX))
    scale(3)
    beginShape(QUAD_STRIP)
    vertex(30, 20, 0)
    vertex(30, 75, 0)
    vertex(30, 20, 30)
    vertex(30, 75, 30)
    vertex(50, 20, 30)
    vertex(50, 75, 30)
    vertex(30, 20, 0)
    vertex(30, 75, 0)
    endShape()
```

I like how this is cell shades. The lines show their strokes rather than being bordless.

4:45pm. Focus me.

https://py.processing.org/tutorials/p3d/

This tutorial is a bit interesting. I'll want to get familiar with this.

5:05pm. Had to take a small break. Focus me, focus.

Finish the 3d tutorial.

5:15pm. https://py.processing.org/tutorials/anatomy/

Let me read this next.

5:35pm. https://processing.org/tutorials/curves/

Let me move on to this. But before that.

There are a bunch of book on Kivy on Libgen. Let me download them.

5:40pm. https://processing.org/tutorials/curves/

I don't understand the split and Bezier curves just from this.

6:05pm. Done with lunch. Let me watch some of those spline videos. I remember Wildberger covering this as well.

https://youtu.be/83Nsel2uv6k?t=492

I don't understand on which criteria is the curve split into segments.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ct_uGOSPtok
Cubic splines (Bezier curves) using linear algebra | Wild Linear Algebra 24 | NJ Wildberger

Let me go for this.

I don't feel like I've done enough for the day so let me go for it for a while longer.

https://youtu.be/ct_uGOSPtok?t=392

This is simpler than I thought.

https://youtu.be/ct_uGOSPtok?t=862

I am going to need these to make club icons.

https://youtu.be/ct_uGOSPtok?t=1357

He says here outright that these are a good way to encode arcs. Yeah, this is worth studying. Back when I first saw this video, it was no that interesting, but now I'll be using these.

6:50pm. This was interesting.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFFPbBe7aAs
Cubic splines using calculus

I'll watch this video tomorrow along with the...

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rom-Catmull+Spline

Along with some of these. I got two Kivy books from Libgen. There is more left of the processing tutorials.

Let me stop here for the day. I do not know when I'll get a chance to resume my RL plan, but it should happen at some point. Life is hard, what can I say. Especially when you are a language creator.

7pm. I am get through this. It is amazing the lengths I go through to just make some playing cards. But look at it this way - if I can't do even this easily, how am I going to do something more significant than it in the future."

---
## [DenisSalem/DStudio@2116808d88...](https://github.com/DenisSalem/DStudio/commit/2116808d88b65a9d78a35b7c21a036f4f2a87df3)
##### 2021-03-23 20:47:29 by denissalem

Done with window rescaling and ui elements offsettings. Thanks to a good fuck with my girlfriend. i Luv u

---
## [Little-119/VOREStation@fc91485466...](https://github.com/Little-119/VOREStation/commit/fc91485466cb1b6be160150b67edefc31d8f5737)
##### 2021-03-23 20:53:14 by Wickedtemp

ML3M Rebalancing

Originally, the ML3M was intended to be a little bit stronger. The healing values for the Brute, Burn, Omni, Toxin, and Antirad cells, have been adjusted according to what was initially planned. 
Base Tier's now heal 10 per shot, for a total of 40 damage healed, up from 20.
Second Tier's now heal 20, instead of 10.
Third Tier's heal 40, instead of 20. 

Omni 1 heals 5's for brute, burn, and toxin, and 30 for oxy, up from half those values. Omni 2, is 10's and 60, and Omni 3 is 20's and 120. 

Antirad Cell had its toxin heal bumped up from 2.5 to 5, and its radiation-heal from 150, to 350. I wasn't originally going to touch this one, but the text said "It's 150 because that's equal to five units of arithrazine", and... it wasn't. So, I bumped it up to actually be equal to 5u of Arithrazine's worth of radiation healing.

Stabilizer Cell, CorpseMend, Resistance, Haste, and the size-changing cells, were not touched.
The reasons for this are as follows:

- The healing laser was simply not strong enough to ever tend to more than one patient. Healing 20-40 damage per cell just isn't enough, even if you had several clips full of cells, it just wasn't viable.
- As a result of this, it was seldom if ever used. Field Medics rarely if ever took it with them. In nearly every round I've played, it was left exactly where it was spawned, collecting dust. 
- I'd like to make it a more proper treatment option. It wouldn't be equal to reagents used in your usual Medbay setting, or surgical repair, but if it's modified to actually fulfill its niche as a rapid, contact-free treatment option, it could be relied on more by Field Medics. There is so much potential for this device as an "in the field" healing tool, and I'd like to see it done well. We have no shortage of people who would like to see non-chemical-based treatment options. We might as well make it useful enough to actually use.

Here are a few issues people brought up in Discord when I floated this idea.
"But, Tempest, you're doubling everything? That's a huge change! Won't this result in the ML3M overshadowing other treatment options?"
Certainly not. Currently, with tier-2 cells that only heal up to 40 damage, this is actually worse than basic first-aid in terms of raw healing ability, as the cutoff for first aid healing is 50 damage on a limb. First aid and reagents will still be the most convenient, most readily available, and overall most-used manner of treatment for injuries that can be treated using those methods. All this change would do is allow the ML3M to also have its uses, and stop being overshadowed by everything else. 

"Okay, but what if it DOES actually become The New Meta and becomes the favored tool for healing?"
I wouldn't see it as an issue if Chemistry gets dethroned, in all honesty. They'd both take quite a bit of prep-work to use. You have to make multiples of every chem if you want a solid stock, and you'd need multiples of every cell if you want proper coverage and healing-ability, since even with these changes you're expending 1-3 cells per patient. And, unless you get multiple ML3M's made, only folks who are gonna have one are the CMO, and whoever nabs the spawned one first. 

"But wouldn't this result in less departmental cooperation between Medical and Science now that Medical will require fewer cells?"
Most likely, no. If anything, I'd think there would be an increase, round-to-round, if this becomes a more viable and wanted tool, more people will ask for cells. Personally, my list of requested cells would stay the same, but I'd be sending that request in more often since I know it'll actually be useful rather than having it just to have it. Tier 2 cells are still going to be desirable, and I'm still probably not going to order Tier 3's because of the cost, but that's just me. It's still going to be incredibly weak at roundstart, and better cells will be that much nicer to obtain.

"But Tempest! If you get the highest tiers of cells, and a lot of them, you could fix anything that doesn't require surgery!"
Well, if Science had the time and mats, then sure, you could gather up a large enough collection of cells, and you probably could indeed do this for one or two badly injured patients... ... ...and I could accomplish the same goal if I'm given 20 seconds in a chem-lab. The ML3M is more costly to use, the cells cost resources, have to be recharged after 4 shots, and you only start with a base tier Burn, Brute, and Stabilizer cell. Each shot from a base level burn/brute cell is the equivalent of 1.25u of bicaridine or kelotane. This change would make it 2.5. Base level cells are still going to be next to useless for anything other than the most minor of injuries. Chemistry will still be the dominating powerhouse it always has been, but at least you can use this tool, provided the PR goes through, instead, more often.

"Tempest, this thing just wasn't intended to be used to fully heal people..."
A couple people have said this, and to be honest, it's silly. In our medical system, there's very little distinction between what can "heal a little bit" and what can "heal fully", because it all comes down to the fact that everything works off of damage values. If Option A heals 5 damage, and Option B heals 50... Both are capable of "healing fully" if you have enough Option A, it's just a question as to whether or not that's practical. Currently, the ML3M's healing values can't really even be used to even partially heal injuries, unless you have a large number of cells. You'd expend all of your charges on one patient and then you've got a paperweight taking up storage space until you can get to a recharger. 

Now, as for issues that I personally see? Biggest one is probably the Toxin cell. If I remlember correctly, the base Toxin cell is the same tech requirement as the Second Tier Brute/Burn cells. This PR doesn't fix that, and I don't really see it as a huge priority since I don't think anyone uses the toxin cells as it is, but yeah. Might need to be fixed at some point if this PR goes through.

And, absolute worst case scenario, let's say that this PR screws everything up, turns the Tether upside down, and now Medbay is dominated by a bunch of blue laser beams flying everywhere like it's the new Star Wars Trilogy (but actually better because those movies kinda set a low bar)... this PR was really easy to do. The only long part about it was typing all of this up. We can just bump the numbers down if this ends up sucking really bad, ezpz.

Thank you for coming to my ted talk.

---
## [LeoFu9487/CPP@2172456ab3...](https://github.com/LeoFu9487/CPP/commit/2172456ab392e96af4b5c7f1be7256dfcca39ff2)
##### 2021-03-23 20:57:15 by LeoFu9487

Save before my beautiful girlfriend deletes my ugly code

---
## [ThePainkiller/sojourn-station@0756426c83...](https://github.com/ThePainkiller/sojourn-station/commit/0756426c836031b9419aac984eb2e8b3aef0b216)
##### 2021-03-23 22:18:37 by Kazkin

New Guns

-Added Avasarala, a new age version of the desert eagle. It's hot shit, as in actual shit, creamy brown runny shit because any IRL gunsmith knows the desert eagle is a terrible fucking gun. Found in gun loot spawns.
-Added "Triple Primary" heavy pistol, a cross forged gun with amazing stats. Has the utterly unique property that allows it to change its caliber from .50 kurtz, .40 magnum, or .35 pistol. Found anywhere cross guns can spawn. The name is a visual pun.
-Added the "tacticool revolver" which is a mateba with a god awful ugly fucking sprite made by eris. It's just a mateba with an overly large scope. Partially a joke weapon, but superior to a standard mateba thanks to less recoil and ... well it has a scope. Found in gun loot spawns.
-Improved the deckard sprite via port from eris, mostly just a pallet improvement that is hard to spot without knowing about the change.

---

# [<](2021-03-22.md) 2021-03-23 [>](2021-03-24.md)

