# [<](2021-11-12.md) 2021-11-13 [>](2021-11-14.md)

2,261,373 events, 1,347,510 push events, 1,807,888 commit messages, 109,200,364 characters


## [UnderPM/chili_framework](https://github.com/UnderPM/chili_framework)@[196684e7c9...](https://github.com/UnderPM/chili_framework/commit/196684e7c9b25159afa6becac8d3f90ccba8ba9d)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 01:37:53 by Chili

even more RAII-esque bullshits for the bullshit god (gotta test this shit soon)

---
## [LandenStephenss/Masashi](https://github.com/LandenStephenss/Masashi)@[4604d07c3f...](https://github.com/LandenStephenss/Masashi/commit/4604d07c3f2d4c14e9aa2d3f99fa3b39e937f91c)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 04:59:49 by LandenStephenss

Added a absolute fuck ton of database things, a couple of currency commands, and some other stupid shit like that

---
## [misspellted/enlightened](https://github.com/misspellted/enlightened)@[59fac50bb1...](https://github.com/misspellted/enlightened/commit/59fac50bb17a5a3236a9b4561b5ed0107825fb85)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 05:34:46 by James Goodrich

Introduces forces and Vectors (#14)

* Introduces the first force, gravitational attraction.

I .. ah... refactored a bit, to extract a Vector class out of the
geometry's Vertex class, since it might be useful to consider the
abstract form of a planar Vertex (Vertex2), and along the way, ah..
kinda removed Vertex2. (There were some XY/XYZ intermediaries for a
very short time, and one "oops, gonna nuke all my changes and try
again!" moment (.. or 2... shh!), but got the Vector out, added the
magnitude and unit methods, which are very useful for force
calculations, so .. a win, overall, I think.

Next up is a simple demo, something similar to what The Coding Train
has in their "2: Forces" playlist on YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6ZRrqLcQ5BkBKmBLiGD8n4O

Aaand I should probably get a few winks of sleep, before doing that
demo work.. but looking forward to it tomorrow night!

* Adds gravitational attraction demo via a ball

Also adds wind force too...

Finally, attraction implies a negative net force, which the first
version of the GA force ... didn't do.

* Adds dot product to some Vector multiplication operations

Added the ability to do self*vector or vector*self. However, self*=vector ..
doesn't quite math out... I don't think.

* Corrects dot product math

Math can be difficult when one presses the incorrect operation key on the keyboard.
Dot product is not a sum of sums, lmao!

Anyways, I also did a small clock demo, to provide a location for testing the
calculations, which is how I was starting to figure out something wasn't quite..
right.

* Adds intersection demo

The intersection is pretty simple to calcualte, when taking the sine rule into
account. This doesn't do any predetermination, such as coincidence detection,
et cetera. Just the 'easy' case which is also visibly confirmable.

* Extracts line segments intersection algorithm

The algorithm was tested in the intersection demo program, but it need
not be there; instead, it needs to be more available to other aspects
of the engine.

Covered a few more cases for intersection too, but there is at least
one more to consider, and that's noted in the code with an example of
the secondary line segment having a length of zero, but both of its
vertices share the same values as that of the end vertex of the first
line segment.

* Adds Border demo

The border demo tests an intersection of a line segment with all of
the four borders of the planar environment.

Also fixes a bug where distance in the line segment intersection
might be negative. Who knew math was wrong!

---
## [ajhalili2006/ajhalili2006](https://github.com/ajhalili2006/ajhalili2006)@[dadd2eca78...](https://github.com/ajhalili2006/ajhalili2006/commit/dadd2eca78cc436a7bc71359ec96444e19d19793)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 06:54:54 by Andrei Jiroh Eugenio Halili

Add footnote to vocabulary page for shitfuckery@bullshit.hq email.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[817472a462...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/817472a462cc02e86b42c85f96d92d49e230a794)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 07:13:04 by Iamgoofball

Nerfs the shit out of the negative sprayed with water mood event for Felinids (#62769)

Mood controls your movespeed. Making Felinids get their movespeed tanked because someone tried to fire extinguisher them is insane. Movespeed is the most important factor in SS13 when it comes to just about everything, it's how we punish people for damage after all.

A -5 mood is insanely punishing. It is equivalent to getting smitten by the gods, worse than a terrible noogie, worse than being bald, worse than literally throwing up all over yourself, worse than losing your family heirloom, and worse than having your eye stabbed out. This sucks for how easy it is to inflict on someone, especially considering the most common method of inflicting this is trying to fire extinguisher someone who's lit themselves on fire.

🆑
balance: Nerfs the felinid water spray moodlet
/🆑

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[2cb326c779...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/2cb326c779486e83a8f59aa441b900f36b3b526d)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 07:13:34 by Iamgoofball

Nerfs the shit out of the felinid tail grab mood buff (#62768)

Mood controls your movespeed. Making Felinids objectively the best mood management race provided your ~~metagame buddy~~friend pulls your tail once every two minutes is insane, even as a meme.

A +5 mood buff was ridiculously good. This is better than the antag mood buff which is 4, equal to the cult buff for sacrificing which is 5, better than tripping balls, better than playing an arcade game and winning, better than the upgraded hug, equal with the best hug, and frankly one of the easiest best mood buffs you can get. And stacks with all the other ones.

---
## [AnotherFoxGuy/GriefPrevention](https://github.com/AnotherFoxGuy/GriefPrevention)@[2ead578666...](https://github.com/AnotherFoxGuy/GriefPrevention/commit/2ead578666fcaf589260d1c4912f1257263762fe)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 11:33:03 by RoboMWM

Make the version explicitely a string. Not sure if CB or yaml is at fault here

[20:58:37] RoboMWM: hmmm it's a bit annoying how CB cuts off the
trailing 0 in my versions
[20:58:49] RoboMWM: e.g. 16.10 displays as 16.1
[20:59:02] +Choco: That seems... stupid? lol
[20:59:12] RoboMWM: very
[20:59:27] RoboMWM: plugin.yml inside jar reveals it to be correct
[20:59:43] RoboMWM: and afaik this is supposed to be a string so idk why
it's doing that
[21:00:49] RoboMWM: apparently wrapping it with single quotes does the
job
[21:01:33] +Choco: Maybe it assumes it's a double then converts it to a
String
[21:02:04] RoboMWM: I guess >_> since I stuck a test.16.10 without
quotes and it's all there
[21:02:09] RoboMWM: thank you yaml
[21:02:22] +Choco: What if you were to do 1.1.10?
[21:02:30] +Choco: Because that's not a valid number, maybe it would
assume String
[21:02:33] RoboMWM: the second dot probably makes it a string
[21:02:51] RoboMWM: maybe I should do 16.1O
[21:02:57] +Choco: lol that's cheating

---
## [infecsean/Obsidian-Cloud](https://github.com/infecsean/Obsidian-Cloud)@[b859a606f2...](https://github.com/infecsean/Obsidian-Cloud/commit/b859a606f207d1eb131d976328024937190f72df)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 12:04:33 by infecsean

hmm?

this is a fucking annoying issue fuck you git

---
## [mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming)@[e61bb7bd90...](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming/commit/e61bb7bd901e04f43504bf362bdc64d8a7e7bd63)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 13:46:06 by Karel Ha

Compete in AtCoder ABC 227

TODO
standings: 1366/6460 (~6590 competing) on p. 69/408
-> PERCENTILE >78% (~ >79%) :-/ ^_^
rank: 1366/6585 [5th best rank ^_^]
-> PERCENTILE >79% :-/ ^_^
rating: +22 -> 1081 [5 KYU] Highest!
performance as 1243 [5th best performance]

TODO
Analysis
--------

- Have focused more on speed/fast-solving in this contest.
  - cumbersome implementation for B-level problem (graph loading).
  - C w/ tricky extra condition.
  - Pretty straigtforward D.
- Slightly tight arrival.
  - no Brush Teeth, breakfast 1-2 min before the start
- I came late ~60s.
- first 2 problems in <11 min :-) ^_^
- first 3 problems in <24 min ^_^
- additionally w/ D in 50 min :-O
- 4/4 ACs
  - no WAs, directly correct design and implementation
  - careful correct solutions!
  => ALWAYS BETTER TO BE SAFE, CAUTIOUS & CAREFUL THAN SORRY ^_^

A:
- hesitations:
  - via `do { } while ();` + `next_permutation()`
  - or via breaking down only 3 cases?
    - no case of 0 values!
  => A SHOULD BE SIMPLE ENOUGH TO BREAK DOWN TO CASES!

B:
- all degs==1, except 1 central point which has deg==N-1
- cumbersome implementation for B-level problem
  - graph loading
- necessary & sufficient condition via degs?
  <- sufficient b/c then 1 is connected to all others
  -> could have only checked for the largest degree being N-1, since the graph is guaranteed to be a tree
     - see https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc225/submissions/26934627
  => PAY ATTENTION TO CONSTRAINTS ON GRAPH/TREE-NESS OF INPUT!!
     - COULD SIMPLIFY CODE!

C:
- check that value below is +7
- tricky extra condition!
  - i.e. check that remainders (modulo 7) are consecutive values
    - i.e. `if (mods[col]!=mods[col-1]+1) {...}`
  - flashed, though -> thank god!
- hesitations:
  - how to output {"Yes","No"} w/ break inside nested loops
    => REMEMBER: {`Yes`,`No`} macros + `return`!!
  - how to convert mod==0 to 7
    => USE SIMPLE `IF () { }` FOR 0->MOD!

D:
- unsolved
  <- out of reach?
- seemed simpler/shorter statement than E
- originally greedily take K lexmin strings?
- however, tricky!
  - what if one is prefix of other, but the other lex larger would produce better concatenation?
    - see `in_MAX_1t`
- perhaps some string algo?
  - some prefix structure?
  - KMP/Aho-Corasick?
- editorial: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc225/editorial/2850
  - edge case analysis
    - many false solutions
  - + dp
  -> read editorial!
- only 75 ACs / 1373 submissions
  - brutal problem!!
    <- ~5% success rate! :-O
    - deceptively easy for others?

Signed-off-by: Karel Ha <mathemage@gmail.com>

---
## [pedalponder/Guzzle-Humdrum](https://github.com/pedalponder/Guzzle-Humdrum)@[60f180e9f9...](https://github.com/pedalponder/Guzzle-Humdrum/commit/60f180e9f93c705d33da60f4f120a5d81d2fae1c)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 14:35:34 by pedalponder

Doubt : Succor failed..Phantom : The One in I..indeed i recall sometimes there were outrages of both sides you see but then this kind of environment poked my sanity..what if failure couldn't comply..shh..so ingenious..qualia couldn't mystify..if the doomed never want to certify the edifices of else..just as this came up i realized what if i was never like the else..shh..so analogous..popcorn the rest..best test haste fortified/peril onus fending to hide/seeing and stopping/action pedal ponder of hoping..conscious precious..the thoughts of the rules..seeing bit bit it/prior or snooped seen/going as ponder/drowns HELP..shuu..drowning or drowner or meaning founder or seeing as together halt oh office ANSWER..bit bit bit bit..bit/real testing bit/seeing persistence/OCEAN EXISTENCE..anyway those were the beautiful days of darkness..too consideration prone..Office Saunter..too answer prone..

---
## [mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming)@[1c029a9f47...](https://github.com/mathemage/CompetitiveProgramming/commit/1c029a9f4700dfdd1453a72e1faec4d1c1624f31)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 15:07:59 by Karel Ha

Compete in AtCoder ABC 227

standings: 1313/5414 (~5700 competing) on p. 66/365
-> PERCENTILE >75% (~ >76%) :-/
rank: 1313/5681 [4th highest rank :-O]
-> PERCENTILE >76% :-/
rating: +17 -> 1098 [5 KYU] Highest!
performance as 1230 [6th best performance]

Analysis
--------

- Sleepy/heavy round.
  - Harder C: 2-3 tricky optimizations for complete search.
  - Frustrating D (low success rate overall!).
- Slightly tight arrival.
  - no Brush Teeth, breakfast 1 min before the start
- I came late ~30s.
- first 2 problems in <13 min :-/ ^_^
- first 3 problems in <33 min :-/
- D not succeeded :-/
- 3/6 ACs
  - 1 WA, 2 TLEs in D
  => DON'T GET STUCK IN THE SOLUTION APPROACH: IF D IS CUMBERSOME/LENGTHY, IT'S ALMOST SURELY WRONG APPROACH!

A:
* presubmit bugs:
  - off-by-1 indexing
  - off-by-1 for the last card
    - Kth = A+K-1, not A+K
  - how to fix %N==0 -> N?
  => IN MODULAR ARITHMETICS: TRANSFORM TO 0-BASED, COMPUTE, TRANSFORM BACK BY +1!!!

B:
- straightforward brute force/complete search
* presubmit bugs:
  - incorrectly understood statement: computed feasible instead of INfeasible areas
  => PAY ATTENTION TO NEGATIONS!!
  => UNDERSTAND WHY IT GIVES DIFFERENT RESULT PROPERLY BEFORE STARTING TO FIX!!!

C:
* hesitations:
  - over what to iterate?
  - how to optimize stop conditions?
    => REMEMBER MATH: A<=X<=Y<=...<=Z && A*X*Y*...*Z<=N => A*A*A*...*A<=N!
* presubmit bugs:
  - incorrectly adding also C<B, when using just formula:
    - `result += N/(A*B);`
      - instead of `result += max(0LL, N/(A*B)-(B-1));`
  => PAY ATTENTION TO LOWER BOUNDS, WHEN JUST ADDING COUNT OF STH LOWER-BOUNDED!!

D:
- unsolved
  <- out of reach?
- no patter initially
  - greedy? DP? graph?
  -> editorial: simple math w/ proof
     - greedy not too common in AtCoder, more common in Codeforces
* pattern matching:
  - wrong approach originally: greedily take K from largest K largest piles
    - however slow
      - up to O(N*K)?
        - saw lots of TLEs
        - no optimization helped
        => WHEN TLES & NO OPTIMIZATION HELPS: RE-THINK APPROACH!
  => BEWARE OF PATTERN MATCHING: OPTIMIZING STH CAN BE ALSO DONE VIA DIRECT MATH FORMULA!
- editorial: https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc227/editorial/2919
  - direct math formula
    - "obvious" necessary condition
    - also a sufficient condition
      - proof?
    => THINK OF NECESSARY CONDITIONS AND CONSIDER WHETHER THEY MIGHT ALSO BE SUFFICIENT!
    => DON'T FORGET THAT BINARY SEARCH CAN ALSO BE USED FOR FINDING AN OPTIMAL VALUE!!
  -> read editorial!
- only 659 ACs / 2217 submissions
  - really brutal problem for D-level!
    -> think about proof of optimality
    -> UPSOLVE!!

Signed-off-by: Karel Ha <mathemage@gmail.com>

---
## [OmaisacredOrder/OmaisacredOrder](https://github.com/OmaisacredOrder/OmaisacredOrder)@[2e7763102b...](https://github.com/OmaisacredOrder/OmaisacredOrder/commit/2e7763102b6326e6b8283fa79ee93cacf262ac64)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 15:08:56 by OmaisacredOrder

Create Brotherhood

JOIN THE BROTHERHOOD,. +2349033165346 OMAI SACRED BROTHERHOOD WE BELIEVE IN POWER,FAME, PROTECTION, OFFICE PROMOTION, POLITICAL AMBITION AND ENDLESS WEALTH INTERESTED ONES SHOULD CONTACT THE TEMPLE GRANDMASTER 

 DO YOU WANT TO JOIN OCCULT OF BILLIONAIRES TO BE WELL KNOWN AND POWERFUL FOR MONEY AND PROTECTION HERE IN NIGERIA AND GHANA CALL US ON +2349033165346 or email Omaisacredorder@gmail.com You were born free and will die free someday, but will you live free? As long as habit and routine dictate the pattern of living, new dimensions of the soul will not emerge. JOIN our powerful society to gain and practice secret knowledge and information that was once only accessible by the privileged elite and society members.This is a private, exclusive, members-only global association. +2349033165346 No matter how much the rich have, they always want more. And the richer you are, the more you get. And the more you get, the less others get, so you are actively making the poor poorer. Isn't that the world we live in? That's how we have the 1% versus the 99%. They will take everything from us, unless we take it all back from them. The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will. Get off the poverty road and onto the path of prosperity now. If money has been tight and things haven’t been going very well financially, Our OMAISACREDORDER society will empower you to change your life and live your life to the fullest, success belongs to those who do something to change there world +2349033165346,  WHY SUFFER IN POVERTY WHEN YOU CAN JOIN OMAISACREDBROTHERHOOD AND BECOME MILLIONAIRE INSTANTLY WHY SEARCHING FOR POWER AT THE WRONG PLACE. WHEN THERE IS GREATEST OF ALL IN UNIVERSE. GET YOUR POWER FROM OMASACREDORDER BROTHERHOOD. IS THE GREATEST OCCULT.TO JOIN US CALL THE WISE ONE ON THIS NUMBER +2349033165346, WELCOME TO OUR OFFICIAL SITE TO JOIN US.OUR END OF THE YEAR INITIATION CEREMONY IS COMING SOON AND WE WANT TO USE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO TELL YOU THAT YOU ARE ENTITLE AND WELCOME TO OMIASACRED  BROTHERHOOD OCCULT WE MADE YOU RICH, BECAUSE WE RULE THE WORLD WITH OUR GREAT POWER AND THE NEW WORLD ORDER.THE DOOR IS OPEN TO NEW SPECIES TO JOIN, THIS IS A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY. JOIN OMAISACRED BROTHERHOOD OCCULT SOCIETY NOW,GET WHAT IS YOUR FAITHFUL DESIRES,FAME,WEALTH,MONEY,POPULARITY,QUICK MONEY,MAGIC RING,HERBS AND POWER.. WE ARE THE GREAT OMAISACRED BROTHERHOOD WHICH BEING SEND BY OUR LORD SPIRITUAL .JOIN US NOW TO EXPERIENCE OUR POWER IN YOUR HAND,THE POWER OF THE SUN!IS IN MY HAND..THE BENEFIT GIVEN TO NEW MEMBERS IS UNFORGETTABLE GIFT,JOIN US AND BECOME RICH IN JUST FEW DAYS AFTER YOUR INITIATION  +2349033165346 BE SURE YOU HAVE MAKE UP YOUR MIND, BEFORE CONTACTING US REGARDING ANY ISSUE, WE ARE NOT HERE FOR CHILD'S PLAY, THE OMAISACREDORDER BROTHERHOOD BASE ON ANIMAL SACRIFICE AND NO HUMAN BLOOD IS INVOLVE, JOIN US TODAY AND BE WEALTHY AND FAMOUS AND SHAKE HANDS WITH OUR LORD SABANTAI THE GODS OF WEALTH AND RICHES. FOR MORE INFORMATION AND ENQUIRERS CALL +2349033165346 or you can email us on Omaisacredorder@gmail.com ALL OMAI SACRED ORDER BROTHERHOOD INITIATE MEMBERS ARE ENTITLED TO EVERYTHING THAT MAKE LIFE WORTH LIVING,NO MATTER HOW EXPENSIVE IT'S MIGHT BE, CARS,HOUSES, LUXURIOUS LIFE,BUT ONE THING YOU MUST PUT FIRST IS COURAGE AND BRAVERY BECAUSE THOSE ARE THE KEYS TO UNLOCK TO ONE FORTUNE, AND BEFORE ANY MAN/WOMAN CAN BE ACCEPTED HERE HE OR SHE IS EXPECTED TO HAVE MADE UP HIS OR HER KNOWING THE TASK AHEAD, THOUGH WE DON'T USE HUMAN BLOOD FOR SACRIFICE BUT DO NOT BE DECEIVED; WE USE ANIMAL BLOOD TO PLEASE THE LORD, GUARDIANS OF AGE TO ACCEPT YOU AFTER WHICH YOU'LL BE ENDOWED WITH RICHES AND LUXURY,BUT KNOW THAT THERE'S GRAND PRICE TO PAY WHICH IS OFFERING YOUR SOUL TO THE LORD LUCIFER AT A CERTAIN STAGE (80YEARS) .......... WhatsApp number, 07011821444...... NOTHING ELSE WILL BE REQUIRED UNTIL YOUR LST SACRIFICIAL RITE AND MONEY WILL NOT BE YOUR PROBLEM

---
## [JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse)@[c97c81db0c...](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse/commit/c97c81db0cf3636b98ead9f9ccc5019f6cdfdf95)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 15:13:53 by JudeForNothing

Rebekah Beta 2.2.1

Additions:
-Added blood wrath and blood sloth with basic functionality

Changes:
-resprited Unrequited Love, Lovesick, Finger Finger, Typical Rom-Com and Rebekah's Camera
-improved velocity of fingers poking enemies, much more smoother and less stuttery
-resprited finger effect

Bug fixes:
-fixed bug where A Lunchbox does not drop hearts the first time
-fixed bug where Dice of Fate does not give golden hearts and eternal hearts, which is why sometimes you roll and you die

Known Issues:
-Rebekah's instruction is broken rn
-Rebekahs camera exist, but it does nothing

---
## [nerdfiles/oh-my-grid](https://github.com/nerdfiles/oh-my-grid)@[844c735e81...](https://github.com/nerdfiles/oh-my-grid/commit/844c735e81869a7936d3dae7c108b3ff5c3d205d)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 15:43:20 by nerdfiles

oh god a bunch of shit i do not remember doing lmao

---
## [Gurur24/Codecademy-Python-Projects](https://github.com/Gurur24/Codecademy-Python-Projects)@[d63c48fa37...](https://github.com/Gurur24/Codecademy-Python-Projects/commit/d63c48fa37bc57b66992972d5374ffe0d2cacbc8)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 17:55:27 by Gurur

Create Magic 8 Ball

LEARN PYTHON 3
Magic 8-Ball
The Magic 8-Ball is a popular toy developed in the 1950s for fortune-telling or advice seeking.
Write a magic8.py Python program that can answer any “Yes” or “No” question with a different fortune each time it executes.

We’ll be using the following 9 possible answers for our Magic 8-Ball:
	• Yes - definitely.
	• It is decidedly so.
	• Without a doubt.
	• Reply hazy, try again.
	• Ask again later.
	• Better not tell you now.
	• My sources say no.
	• Outlook not so good.
	• Very doubtful.
The output of the program will have the following format:


[Name] asks: [Question]
Magic 8-Ball’s answer: [Answer]
For example:


Joe asks: Is this real life?
Magic 8-Ball's answer: Better not tell you now
Let’s get started!

Setting up
1.
In magic8.py, declare a variable name and assign it to the name of the person who will be asking the Magic 8-Ball.


2.
Next, declare a variable question, and assign to a “Yes” or “No” question you’d like to ask the Magic 8-Ball.


3.
We want to store the answer of the Magic 8-Ball in another variable, which we’ll call answer. For now, assign this variable to an empty string.


Generating a random number
4.
In order for the answer to be different each time we run the program, we will utilize randomly generated values.
Note: This will be something new! But don’t worry, we will try to explain this topic thoroughly and also supply the code.
In Python, we can use the .randint() function from the random module to generate a random number from a range.
But first, let’s import this module so we can use its functions. Add this line of code to the top of magic8.py:


import random

5.
Next, we’ll create a variable to store the randomly generated value. Declare a variable called random_number, and assign it to the function call:


random.randint(1, 9)
which will generate a random number between 1 (inclusive) and 9 (inclusive).
Next, add a print() statement that outputs the value of random_number, and run the program several times to ensure random values are being generated as expected.
Once you’re sure this is working as we expected, feel free to comment out this print() statement.


Control Flow
6.
Now that we’ve declared all the variables needed, it’s time to implement the core logic of our program!
For this section, we’ll be utilizing control flow using an if/elif/else statement to assign different answers for each randomly generated value.
First, write an if statement where if the random_number is equal to 1, answer is assigned to the phrase “Yes - definitely.”


7.
Next, write an elif statement after the if statement where if the random_number is equal to 2, answer is assigned to the phrase “It is decidedly so”.
Then, continue writing elif statements for each of the remaining phrases for the values 3 to 9.
Recall that the 9 possible answers of the Magic 8-Ball are:
	1. Yes - definitely.
	2. It is decidedly so.
	3. Without a doubt.
	4. Reply hazy, try again.
	5. Ask again later.
	6. Better not tell you now.
	7. My sources say no.
	8. Outlook not so good.
	9. Very doubtful.


8.
Following the if/elif statements, add an else statement that will set answer to the string “Error”, if the number was accidentally assigned a value outside of our range.

Stuck? Get a hint
Seeing the result
9.
Now, let’s see our program in action! Write a print() statement to output the asker’s name and their question, which should be in the following format:


[Name] asks: [Question]
For example, when we run the program, the output should look something like:


Joe asks: Will I win the lottery?

Stuck? Get a hint
10.
Add a second print() statement that will output the Magic 8-Ball’s answer in the following format:


Magic 8-Ball's answer: [answer]
For example, when running the program it should look something like:


Magic 8-Ball's answer: My sources say no


11.
Great job! You’ve successfully utilized your knowledge of conditionals and previous fundamental Python concepts to create a program that generates different fortunes.
Run your program several times to see that it’s working as expected.


Optional Challenges
12.
If you’re up for some more challenges, try implementing the following features to your program.
So far, the Magic 8-Ball provides 9 possible fortunes. Try to add a few more possible answers to the program.
To do this, you will need to increase the range of randomly generated numbers and add additional elif statements for each new answer.


13.
What if the asker does not provide a name, such that the value of name is an empty string? If the name string is empty, the output of the program looks like the following:


asks: Will I win the lottery?
Magic 8 Ball's answer: Outlook not so good
As you can see, the formatting of the output can use some improvement when there is no name provided.
We can address this by printing out just the question, such that it looks like the following:


Question: Will I win the lottery?
Magic 8-Ball's answer: Outlook not so good
You can implement this by creating an if/else statement such that:
	• If the name is an empty string, it will only print the question.
	• Else, the player’s name and question are both printed.

14.
What if the question string is empty? If the user does not provide any question, then the Magic 8-Ball cannot provide a fortune, otherwise, the fabric of reality is at risk!
To ensure that the fabric of reality is safe, we can create an if/else statement where:
	• If the question is an empty string, print out a message to the user.
	• Else, print the name and question, with the Magic 8-Ball’s answer.

---
## [Favouriteless/Enchanted](https://github.com/Favouriteless/Enchanted)@[0019ff4c81...](https://github.com/Favouriteless/Enchanted/commit/0019ff4c813d7cb060fd23fcb7abbceb912ba6d4)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 18:31:30 by Favouriteless

OBSERVERLIB WORKS

finally. i hate my life.

- Altars now function with observerlib
- Significantly more optimised than previous approach
- Checks for any changes once per 20 ticks (1 second)

---
## [LeafyLuigi/discord-themes](https://github.com/LeafyLuigi/discord-themes)@[4def267a6c...](https://github.com/LeafyLuigi/discord-themes/commit/4def267a6c12b36b00e9c5c9421727560398c949)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 18:53:55 by LeafyLuigi

tldr i can rant about how much i fucking hate discord and no one can stop me

header
- update icon is now red variable.
- non-clickable icons are also red (pinned in nsfw without access)

member list
- fixed for nsfw without access

modals
- fixed default grey backgrounds for guild icons in mentions
- themed toolbar itself, including blur

sidebar
- when booting discord, made fake channels secondary
- student hub container in servers is now transparent

misc (the good shit is in this file)
- A WHOLE NEW "ARE YOU A ROBOT" PAGE THAT I MAY OR MAY NOT HAVE GONE A LITTLE UNHINGED ON
- themed it
- use an invite that seems like bots would abuse to find it
- TeRQEPb ;)
- discord are cunts

---
## [PixysOS-Devices/kernel_oneplus_sm7250](https://github.com/PixysOS-Devices/kernel_oneplus_sm7250)@[f5d37f9ceb...](https://github.com/PixysOS-Devices/kernel_oneplus_sm7250/commit/f5d37f9ceb0e9e9ac8f2134fefcaa1eeb9d0fbf9)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 19:25:55 by alk3pInjection

drm: Handle dim for udfps

* Apparently, los fod impl is better than udfps cuz it
  has onShow/HideFodView hook, which allows us to toggle
  dimlayer seamlessly.

  Since udfps only partially supports the former one,
  we'd better kill dim in kernel. This is kinda a hack
  but it works well, bringing perfect fod experience
  back to us.

Co-authored-by: Art_Chen <Chenxy0201@qq.com>
Signed-off-by: alk3pInjection <webmaster@raspii.tech>
Change-Id: I80bfd508dacac5db89f4fff0283529c256fb30ce
Signed-off-by: aswin7469 <aswinas@pixysos.com>

---
## [Dav999-v/VVVVVV](https://github.com/Dav999-v/VVVVVV)@[f26d782a9f...](https://github.com/Dav999-v/VVVVVV/commit/f26d782a9f4ec340c947f81ad9db074bd5425ace)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 19:49:25 by Dav999-v

Add start of room name translation mode

You can't yet translate room names with it, but the beginning is there!

Room name translation mode can be enabled from the translator options.
This adds an overlay on top of the game, which has the room
coordinates, among some other things. You can press Tab to toggle
between "play mode", where you only see a status bar and you can play
the game normally, and "edit mode", which shows an explanation for the
name of the room (currently there's a placeholder), and will allow a
translator to directly edit the roomname to be saved to the translation
files. I also think it's important to add a notes feature, where
translators can type their thoughts or potential candidates for room
names into the room itself, and come back to it later.

While it might've been more fancy, faster to use, more powerful, ... to
present room name translation mode as some kind of version of the level
editor where you DON'T navigate Viridian through the levels, where
every room is just a static version that you can just move between with
arrow keys; I think translators can provide better translations if they
experience the game itself, see how enemies bounce around, see what
order the rooms are in (and how a player goes through them, see Free
Your Mind - In a Single Bound)... And this doesn't stop us from adding
free teleportation and/or moving around the map anyway.

Not every translator is going to be familiar with the game though, so
to avoid frustrations there, and to make the translation process faster
even for skilled players: if room name translation mode is on, you can
press the I key to toggle invincibility anywhere you want.

I made sure you can't cheat time trials, no death mode or the Super
Gravitron with it though. You CAN now be invincible in time trials if
you're a translator - they're a convenient way to play through all the
levels you need, and it's currently the only way to play the final
level without restarting the entire game - but when you do so, you
immediately get an hour added to your time, 100 deaths, and all
trinkets are uncollected. In no death mode and the Super Gravitron,
you can't enable invincibility at all.

---
## [thesadru/culturebot](https://github.com/thesadru/culturebot)@[f3418c4385...](https://github.com/thesadru/culturebot/commit/f3418c438510773a59f3a2481a8fdd4edfd94c67)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 21:54:24 by sadru

Added tchat, gave up on oauth

Fuck oauth. All my homies hate oauth.
But seriously, how should I natively support that shit?

---
## [aggroskater/mav-frontend](https://github.com/aggroskater/mav-frontend)@[751e6dd0f7...](https://github.com/aggroskater/mav-frontend/commit/751e6dd0f7ed6a7ee20f641ced90ee1807848115)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 22:10:52 by Preston Maness

Thinking I'll go all-in on PrimeNG's ecosystem

I don't really like Material Design, honestly. I think it's ugly. I'll
have to build up my own template --similar to the premium templates I've
used at work-- but otherwise, I think using PrimeNG is fine. I get the
UI bits themselves, a default styling for them, and PrimeFlex, which is
kinda like bootstrap (and I've also used the 2.x version on the job
(though apparently there's big changes between 2.x and 3.x (which this
project will use))). I can probably even yank out the default "free"
theme if I get a fleshed out enough template going. I say "free" because
they don't actually expose the underlying SASS that the "free" themes
are built on. You only get minified CSS and if you want to make changes,
then that's a premium offering too. Yuck. Hopefully I can build out a
custom template with its own `layout` and `theme` designs that
supercedes the default "free" theme where necessary but can still fall
back on it.

---
## [vsoldera/Salsa20-Compiler](https://github.com/vsoldera/Salsa20-Compiler)@[d66b406a83...](https://github.com/vsoldera/Salsa20-Compiler/commit/d66b406a831ac5a695be3fa4a4a31c3719af1731)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 22:40:41 by Victor Soldera

LUIZ MOTHERFUCKER BITCH HELL SUCK MY PENIS, YOUR MOM IS A SHARED RESOURCE

---
## [Doge2Dev/Polus](https://github.com/Doge2Dev/Polus)@[781e193e54...](https://github.com/Doge2Dev/Polus/commit/781e193e543556fc7004ed12ab4f37fd9e74a44f)
#### Saturday 2021-11-13 23:31:26 by Doge2Dev

srcpreload I hate plybase fuck you plybase creator

---

# [<](2021-11-12.md) 2021-11-13 [>](2021-11-14.md)

