# [<](2021-10-12.md) 2021-10-13 [>](2021-10-14.md)

1,029,916 events, 561,823 push events, 884,702 commit messages, 71,966,090 characters


## [duckwork/frowny.el](https://github.com/duckwork/frowny.el)@[48024a45af...](https://github.com/duckwork/frowny.el/commit/48024a45af7f576eca453dc2f469fd2b5508d1c2)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 01:55:34 by Case Duckworth

Add HISTORY on my home machine

Yeah because I'm a silly boy

---
## [GithubSPerez/the-shaggy-mod](https://github.com/GithubSPerez/the-shaggy-mod)@[5ba0fa1760...](https://github.com/GithubSPerez/the-shaggy-mod/commit/5ba0fa17605cd32dad0c3c8bb95c271058f096dd)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 02:13:26 by sperez

you gotta be fucking kidding me

this is literally his revenge for separating him completely from the lore instead of making him the super mega evil antagonist of shaggy's backstory

---
## [its-jackson/MotherlodeMineX](https://github.com/its-jackson/MotherlodeMineX)@[8dc6b43587...](https://github.com/its-jackson/MotherlodeMineX/commit/8dc6b43587e3beaea224e06d3299ee1a5aa2c57a)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 02:47:26 by Jackson

Patch v1.01 - 10/11/2021

Welcome to patch v1.01 everyone!

Before I begin i'd like to thank everyone for the amazing support and feedback.
Based on your feedback i'm able to improve the overall quality and make the necessary changes.
Now, let's dive right into our first patch!

Firstly, the new features:

1) Progressive Mode 1 - 99:  Now you can choose different types of work such as generic mining!
This includes rocks ranging from:

clay,
copper,
tin,
iron,
silver,
coal,
gold,
mithril,
adamantite

2) World Hopping: In addition to random world hopping and player count,
you can now choose to world if no rocks are currently available in your mining location.

Secondly, the changes:

1) The paint/graphics: Now includes script status, gp/hour, levels gained, and current level

Lastly, the future:

1) I'd like to add more anti-ban to the script, right now their is a powerful tool
in the SDK the allows for generating player preferences. Ideally, the next patch will utilize this feature, but also I want
to start working on my next script, logically having 3 scripts is the next step.

Thank you.

Polymorphic.

---
## [roytam1/schilytools](https://github.com/roytam1/schilytools)@[128bd51218...](https://github.com/roytam1/schilytools/commit/128bd51218feb9a63ba9b3a03631230a437f6682)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 05:04:35 by roytam1

New features with AN-2018-05-25:

This is the first localization step for the schily source consolidation. Many
programs now (hopefully) call gettext() for all strings that need localization.

-	The next step will include dgettext() calls for the libraries and the
	missing programs

-	The following step will include the extracted strings

-	The last step will include German translations and install support
	for the resulting binary message object files.

----------> Please test and report compilation problems! <---------

***** NOTE: As mentioned since 2004, frontends to the tools should *****
*****		call all programs in the "C" locale		   *****
*****		by e.g. calling: LC_ALL=C cdrecord ....		   *****
*****		unless these frontends support localized strings   *****
*****		used by the cdrtools with NLS support.		   *****

		*** WARNING        ***
		*** Need new smake ***

	*** Due to the fact that schily-tools 2014-04-03 introduced to use new macro
	*** expansions and a related bug fix in smake, you need a new smake
	*** to compile this source. If your smake is too old and aborts, ensure this
	*** by calling:

	cd ./psmake
	./MAKE-all
	cd ..
	psmake/smake
	psmake/smake install

	*** Due to the fact that schily-tools 2014-01-26 introduced
	*** optimizations for the Schily version of SunPro Make, you
	*** need at least the dmake version from 2018/01/11 with support
	*** for the "export" directive to compile with this makefile system.


	WARNING: the new version of the isoinfo program makes use of the
		*at() series of functions that have been introduced by Sun
		in August 2001 and added to POSIX.1-2008. For older platforms,
		libschily now includes emulations for these functions but
		these emulations have not yet been tested thoroughly.
		Please report problems!

	The new smake version mentioned above is smake-1.2.4

-	README.compile: Added a hint on how do disable C++ compilation
	via make make C++BUILD=off

-	Schily Makefile system: A new set of rules enforces ordered execution
	in parallel mode with SunPro make and GNU make without ignoring
	the correct up to date state.

	The new rules affect localized scripts.

-	psmake/MAKE-sh: added -D_GNU_SOURCE for Linux compilation.

	Thanks to Jan Engelhardt for reporting

-	libschily: updated the mail addresses in the man pages.

-	libfind: removed blank line in the linker map file

-	libfind: the id cache (uid/gid <->name mapping) now helps star to find
	whether a user name or group name is not completely 7 bit ASCII and
	thus needs a locale conversion in star POSIX.1-2001 extended headers.

-	smake: Added a new section "SOURCE DOWNLOAD" to the man pages.

-	star: user name, group name, path and linkpath are now automatically
	added to the POSIX.1-2001 extended header in case that they include
	non-ASCII characters (outside the 7-bit range).

-	star: if mtime is negative, mtime is too large for a POSIX.1-1988
	TAR header or if nanoseconds are non-null and the archive format
	supports POSIX.1-2001 extended headers, the times are now always
	recorded in an extended header. This is a requirement from newer
	POSIX versions.

-	star: Since the probability for creating POSIX.1-2001 x-headers
	did raise, we cannot make assumptions anymore just from the existence
	of an x-header. While doing archive format detection, star is no longer
	happy with a 'x' or 'g' header to decide that an archive is in
	"exustar" format but requires a SCHILY.archtype keyword.

-	star: The fifo is now using a better autoconfiguration in order to
	prevent it to try to use shmget() on DOS. This makes star compile
	with DJGPP.

-	star: a new option (-pax-o) has been added. This currently only
	implelents the flag "binary" that tells star to add a field
	hdrcharset=BINARY to the extended headers.

-	star: better comment in Makefile

-	star: fixed an ununitialized finfo.f_flags in flush_link()

	Thanks to Martin Liska from Suse for reporting

-	star: updated the mail addresses in the man pages.

-	mt: updated the mail addresses in the man pages.

-	rmt: updated the mail addresses in the man pages.

-	rscsi: updated the mail addresses in the man pages.

-	sfind: updated the mail addresses in the man pages.

-	ved: A better algorithm to reuse outdated slots in the .vedtmp
	file has been introduced. This prevents the .vedtmp file
	from growing too fast.

-	ved: the .vedtmp file reserves 13 chars for the "dot" offset but
	it did not yet check whether the actual offset overflows 13 chars
	and thus makes the size of the entries non-unified.
	We now make sure that longer offsets are not written.

	Note that 10**13 is aprox. 2*44, which gives a lot of room for the
	future.

	Since the same limitation applies to the time_t value, we are still
	able to use this method in aprox. a million years.

-	SCCS::admin Renamed a variable "unlock" because of name space pollution
	on DJGPP.

-	sformat: The man page used .cs that dos not work with GNU troff because
	of a GNU troff bug. We no longer use this command for nroff. Note that
	the GNU troff bug still applies if you try to print the man page.

-	sformat: History and Download sections have been added to the man page

-	Bourne Shell: Fixed a problem with vfork() support. Calling:

		no/file | more

	caused the vfork()ed child to set "exitcode" in the parent to 127 as a
	result of the shared memory, so this variable also needs a reset in
	the parent.

	The bug caused the shell not to reset the tty process group and
	this caused the shell to either stop with SIGTTIN (Solaris) or to
	exit (Linux).

-	Bourne Shell: bltin.c needs #include <schily/wait.h> in case that
	the platform does not support the POSIX standard waitid() and
	CLD_EXITED. This is e.g. true for DJGPP

-	Bourne Shell: service.c DJGPP does not have ETXTBSY, so use #ifdef

-	Bourne Shell: macro.c needed an additional flag XEC_ALLOCJOB for
	Command Substitition since the reworked perser/interpreter that uses
	vfork() and optimized pipes otherwise would overwrite the existing
	job slot and as a result causing trouble with commands like:

		sccs diffs `sccs tell ` | more

	as this would not restore the shell tty procress group anymore.

-	Bourne Shell: Implemented a better workaround for incomplete/buggy
	waitid()/waitpid() implementations as on AIX, Linux, Mac OS X or NetBSD.

	Since in these platfoms, wait*() always reaps childs, we cannot call
	getpgid(pid) after we did wait and as a result, jobcontrol is affected
	with the following command:

		dosh 'nroff -u1 -Tlp -man $@ | col -x' | more

	and this causes the shell to suspend because of a SIGTTIN or to die
	because of an EIO from read(0, ...

	In the better workaround, we call getpgid(pid) before we call waitid()
	and use the result instread of guessing the process group id.

-	Bourne Shell: better comment in jobs.c::allocjob()

-	Bourne Shell: The job printing function now converts strings like
	\a\b\c to 'abc' to get better readable output for the "jobs" command.

-	mkisofs: tree.c now casts a constant to off_t

-	cdrtools: Added a new section "SOURCE DOWNLOAD" to the man pages.

-	p: wcslen() needs #include <sys/types.h> for size_t



-	Bourne Shell Missing features for POSIX compliance:

	- Support for $'...' quoting (this is not needed for the current
					version of POSIX but for the next POSIX
					version that will be named SUSv8).
					The development of SUSv8 will start in
					late 2016.

	We are now expecting the Bourne Shell to be fully POSIX compliant.

-	Bourne Shell further TODO list:

	-	Finish loadable builtin support.

	-	POSIX does not allow us to implement ". -h", so we will
		add a "source" builtin to be able to implement "source -h"

-	The following builtins (that are available in bsh) are still missing in
	the Bourne Shell:

	err			echo with output going to stderr
	glob			echo with '\0' instead of ' ' between args
	env			a builtin version of /usr/bin/env

	The following bsh intrinsics are still missing in the Bourne Shell:

	-			the restricted bsh has restriction features that
				are missing in the Bourne shell.

	-	source -h	read file into history but do not execute

	and probably more features not yet identified to be bsh unique.



Author:

Joerg Schilling
Seestr. 110
D-13353 Berlin
Germany

Email: 	joerg@schily.net, js@cs.tu-berlin.de
	joerg.schilling@fokus.fraunhofer.de

Please mail bugs and suggestions to me.

---
## [anht3889/LGE_G820_Kernel_A11](https://github.com/anht3889/LGE_G820_Kernel_A11)@[4eb3c222ec...](https://github.com/anht3889/LGE_G820_Kernel_A11/commit/4eb3c222ecfa645d15d7d2d027f89a12ff4e5609)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 07:40:52 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
(cherry picked from commit 296bb95837d5db65393aa9214cb9a800f3ad1869)

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[1c6578c70c...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/1c6578c70c39f70999f20a3064c7c5dc86492422)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 10:54:51 by zjdtmkhzt

Mhelp regex update ii (#6207)

* adjust mhelp url regex and make it not change the text but only add the link

* fuck you byond

* fuck you byond fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you

* only allow letters in top level domains

---
## [metabase/metabase](https://github.com/metabase/metabase)@[2a6d813340...](https://github.com/metabase/metabase/commit/2a6d813340971fffcab8e6978d807f7daaf11edc)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 14:46:51 by dpsutton

Relativize links when emitting html from md in pulse/subscriptions (#18428)

* Relativize links when emitting html from md in pulse/subscriptions

Helpful links:
- https://awesomeopensource.com/project/vsch/flexmark-java
- https://github.com/vsch/flexmark-java/blob/master/flexmark-java-samples/src/com/vladsch/flexmark/java/samples/PegdownCustomLinkResolverOptions.java
- https://github.com/vsch/flexmark-java/blob/8a881b73109a287b5f202e2e1fc9f9c497d5eecf/flexmark/src/main/java/com/vladsch/flexmark/html/HtmlRenderer.java#L433
- https://github.com/vsch/flexmark-java/blob/8a881b73109a287b5f202e2e1fc9f9c497d5eecf/flexmark/src/main/java/com/vladsch/flexmark/html/renderer/ResolvedLink.java#L10

This was a pain in the ass. I had been looking for a way to just easily
traverse the ast, but this might cause problems since there are spans
and text positions everywhere. So i looked at how to change the
parser. Everything is so difficult to change. Luckily there was a
built-in way to do this with link resolvers, found in a github issue
https://github.com/vsch/flexmark-java/issues/308 . And ideally this
would be done in the parser but it seems to be done in the html
emitter.

https://github.com/vsch/flexmark-java/blob/master/flexmark-java-samples/src/com/vladsch/flexmark/java/samples/CustomLinkResolverSample.java

And then I got turned around on what is relative or not. What happens if
you do something seemingly sane like:

```markdown
[a link to google](www.google.com)
```

This is apparently a relative link since it lacks a protocol. And our
`resolve-uri` code treats it as such:

```clojure
markdown=> (resolve-uri "www.google.com")
"http://localhost:3000www.google.com"
markdown=>
```

This seems strange to me but is also the behavior on gist.github.com:
https://gist.github.com/dpsutton/412502ffa89186487e41885855dfa781 has a
link to https://gist.github.com/dpsutton/www.google.com

In all, trying to figure out this object oriented factory mess i had 24
tabs open to the source of NodeVisitor, NodeVisitorBase,
AstActionHandler, VisitHandler, ParserExtension,
NodePostProcessorFactory, etc. It was truly unpleasant.

* Remove errant require of mb.util.urls

* Ensure the site setting always has a slash when resolving relative

The URI class will do some wonky things. Sometimes it feels structural,
but it can also just feel like it is combining strings willy nilly.

```clojure
(.. (URI. "http://example.com") (resolve "www.google.com") toString)
"http://example.comwww.google.com"
```

So ensure that there is a final trailing slash

---
## [groda1/vulkrap](https://github.com/groda1/vulkrap)@[c45dc7bbb9...](https://github.com/groda1/vulkrap/commit/c45dc7bbb9aa20fc520a40a3846603495f9d79fa)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 19:50:51 by Adam Andersson

added handling of push constants within the renderer. ugly as hell but way better than the manual bullshit i was doing in the engine before at least..

---
## [Psychtoolbox-3/Psychtoolbox-3](https://github.com/Psychtoolbox-3/Psychtoolbox-3)@[9963c4b466...](https://github.com/Psychtoolbox-3/Psychtoolbox-3/commit/9963c4b4669ef4f59a84f5ff1cd45a7a1c1897d5)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 23:31:26 by Mario Kleiner

PsychOpenHMDVR: Fixup for recent Linux kernels and distros.

Turns out that at least on Ubuntu 20.04-LTS with modern Linux kernels,
which are HMD aware, for at least the Oculus Rift CV1, our old approach
with PsychOpenHMDVR() does not work well anymore. The Oculus Rift CV1
and later Oculus models go into a power-saving mode at the end of a
session when our driver closes the USB connection to the HMD device and
no more USB keep-alive packets are sent anymore.

When entering power-save, the HMD's video output, e.g., HDMI, is
hot-unplugged from the system. On hot-replug (ie. when a new session
is started, our driver connects vie USB, and the Rift fully powers up),
the Rift video display does not fully turn on anymore. It seems that
the panel stays powered down due to some "stuck" DPMS power setting.
This may be a quirk of the specific Rift CV1 HMD, or it may be
because the HMD is marked as non-desktop display by Linux 4.16+, and
either the kms driver or the X-Server somehow gets confused by the
hot-unplug without proper DPMS handshaking, or some other problem of
some other component. In any case, this problem was observed on the
Rift CV1 with Ubuntu 20.04-LTS, standard distro kernel 5.8, X-Server
20.0.9. The problem does not happen as often and reproducible on a
Linux 5.13 kernel, but sometimes it still happens.

Typically the Rift works for exactly one session after reboot, then
not anymore.

I found the following workaround implemented in this commit:

During the device open sequence / driver session startup:

1. Explicitely turn off the RandR video output assigned to the HMD.
2. Wait a second.
3. Turn on the HMD RandR output again, at the correct native HMD panel
   mode and refresh rate. Also label the output as standard desktop
   display, overriding the Linux kernels classification/labelling as
   non-desktop special purpose display, which is applied to known HMD's
   since Linux 4.16.
4. Wait another second or two.

What this output-off --> output-on sequence implicitely does is, that
it first sends a DPMS standby signal to the HMD, then a DPMS on signal,
enforcing a toggle of the panels DPMS state. This gets the display unstuck.
We could also just use calls to force DPMS standby -> DPMS on, without
the need for a full modeset, but as DPMS acts globally on all X-Screens
and outputs, this causes flicker and short display blanking on all active
displays, not just the HMD, so it is more intrusive / annoying.

Note we use xrandr system() callouts for this, as our own builtin
Screen() modesetting code doesn't deal with turned off outputs yet,
and just updating Screen() for this seems a bit too much overkill
at the moment.

Another note: In order to make multi-X-Screen configurations work
at all, which is needed with our current Linux VR drivers for good
timing and performance, the xorg.conf Monitor section for the HMD's
ZaphodHeads HMD output needs an explicit...

Option        "Enable" "on"

...to force the X-Server to enable the output despite it being
marked as non-desktop by the Linux kernel. Otherwise the server
will not find any connected outputs, is left with an X-Screen
without outputs and then deletes that X-Screen, and we are left
with a single-X-Screen setup that is unusable for VR HMD's.

XOrgConfCreator can not auto-generate such files, so i updated the
"help PsychOpenHMDVR" text with setup instructions. We also ship
a new sample xorg.conf file demonstrating this under:

Psychtoolbox/PsychHardware/LinuxX11ExampleXorgConfs/xorg.conf_DualXScreen_OculusRift_amdgpu.conf

Another note: If one wants to use the monado-service VR compositor
for OpenXR on Linux, one needs a bug-fixed monado implementation and
Linux kernel 5.13 or later - or at least it is verifed to work with
5.13 and to not work with 5.8. Current monado master will only work
on single-X-Screen setups which are unsuitable for parallel use with
our old VR drivers.

Another note: Getting at least the Rift working under these circumstances
on a single X-Screen setup proved to be painful to the point of being
unworkable. The Rift's power-saving collaborates with the Linux 4.16
non-desktop display labelling to create a perfect shit-show of pain.
Not impossible to get working, but painful enough that i won't bother,
so i doubt any normal users will. Of course this doesn't matter much,
as the single-X-Screen config is only useful for the most basic testing,
if one is to lazy to do a logout -> Switch to dual-x-screen -> login
transition. Performance is by design so bad, it is not useful for actual
VR experiments, and setting up a dual-X-Screen setup only takes a minute,
so there...

-> This is all quite a bit of a hack, but given that i am working on a new
   VR driver anyway, which intends to supersede all our existing drivers,
   and does not suffer any of these problems, i guess patching this up a
   tiny bit more should do for the time being to bridge the time-gap between
   now and the completion of the new driver in a few months.

---
## [avar/git](https://github.com/avar/git)@[3162bf2850...](https://github.com/avar/git/commit/3162bf28505fba4cae8f2fecda5c8bcda4f37ea5)
#### Wednesday 2021-10-13 23:59:14 by Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason

refs/files: remove "name exist?" check in lock_ref_oid_basic()

In lock_ref_oid_basic() we'll happily lock a reference that doesn't
exist yet. That's normal, and is how references are initially born,
but we don't need to retain checks here in lock_ref_oid_basic() about
the state of the ref, when what we're checking is either checked
already, or something we're about to discover by trying to lock the
ref with raceproof_create_file().

The improved diagnostics here were added in
5b2d8d6f218 (lock_ref_sha1_basic(): improve diagnostics for ref D/F
conflicts, 2015-05-11), and then much of the surrounding code went
away recently in my 245fbba46d6 (refs/files: remove unused "errno ==
EISDIR" code, 2021-08-23).

The refs_resolve_ref_unsafe() code being removed here looks like it
should be tasked with doing that, but it's actually redundant to other
code.

The reason for that is as noted in 245fbba46d6 this once widely used
function now only has a handful of callers left, which all handle this
case themselves.

To the extent that we're racy between their check and ours removing
this check actually improves the situation, as we'll be doing fewer
things between the not-under-lock initial check and acquiring the
lock.

Why this is OK for all the remaining callers of lock_ref_oid_basic()
is noted below. There are only two of those callers:

* "git branch -[cm] <oldbranch> <newbranch>":

  In files_copy_or_rename_ref() we'll call this when we copy or rename
  refs via rename_ref() and copy_ref(). but only after we've checked
  if the refname exists already via its own call to
  refs_resolve_ref_unsafe() and refs_rename_ref_available().

  As the updated comment to the latter here notes neither of those are
  actually needed. If we delete not only this code but also
  refs_rename_ref_available() we'll do just fine, we'll just emit a
  less friendly error message if e.g. "git branch -m A B/C" would have
  a D/F conflict with a "B" file.

  Actually we'd probably die before that in case reflogs for the
  branch existed, i.e. when the try to rename() or copy_file() the
  relevant reflog, since if we've got a D/F conflict with a branch
  name we'll probably also have the same with its reflogs (but not
  necessarily, we might have reflogs, but it might not).

  As some #leftoverbits that code seems buggy to me, i.e. the reflog
  "protocol" should be to get a lock on the main ref, and then perform
  ref and/or reflog operations. That code dates back to
  c976d415e53 (git-branch: add options and tests for branch renaming,
  2006-11-28) and probably pre-dated the solidifying of that
  convention. But in any case, that edge case is not our bug or
  problem right now.

* "git reflog expire <ref>":

  In files_reflog_expire() we'll call this without previous ref
  existence checking in files-backend.c, but that code is in turn
  called by code that's just finished checking if the refname whose
  reflog we're expiring exists.

  See ae35e16cd43 (reflog expire: don't lock reflogs using previously
  seen OID, 2021-08-23) for the current state of that code.

Signed-off-by: Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>

---

# [<](2021-10-12.md) 2021-10-13 [>](2021-10-14.md)

