# [<](2021-11-11.md) 2021-11-12 [>](2021-11-13.md)

3,154,142 events, 1,754,351 push events, 2,574,325 commit messages, 185,163,679 characters


## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[94c42253b2...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/94c42253b2ef6c61e64e66a8c1d10437fde12bc0)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 00:09:22 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Felinids don't like getting sprayed with water. [MDB IGNORE] (#9399)

* Felinids don't like getting sprayed with water. (#59506)

This PR is an ode to @ Ryll-Ryll, who inspired me to try and find fun, silly things to PR to try and make people smile.
About The Pull Request

Felinids now get a SMALL and SHORT mood debuff when getting sprayed with water. The intent of this PR is not to provide content to grief felinid (flashback to the "Felinids hate water" pr), but rather to provide a funny interaction.

Bonus point (Suggested by Ninja) : Getting sprayed with water interrupts do_after. Felinid climbing on your table ? Pssshttt. Straight in the face.

PR with permission from @ ninjanomnom
Why It's Good For The Game

Light-hearted fun and a bit of flavour to felinids.
Changelog

cl
add: Felinids don't like getting sprayed with water.
code: Adds a new status effect, incapacitated, which causes your do_afters to stop.
/cl

* Felinids don't like getting sprayed with water.

* Yes

Co-authored-by: Cimika/Lessie/KathyRyals <65850818+KathyRyals@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: GoldenAlpharex <58045821+GoldenAlpharex@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Iamgoofball/-tg-station](https://github.com/Iamgoofball/-tg-station)@[239f64a5cb...](https://github.com/Iamgoofball/-tg-station/commit/239f64a5cb3c40ca432d3d29e83ea4cac11fc421)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 03:45:36 by Iamgoofball

Nerfs the shit out of the felinid tail grab mood buff

Mood controls your movespeed. Making Felinids objectively the best mood management race provided your ~~metagame buddy~~friend pulls your tail once every two minutes is insane, even as a meme.

A +5 mood buff was ridiculously good. This is better than the antag mood buff which is 4, equal to the cult buff for sacrificing which is 5, better than tripping balls, better than playing an arcade game and winning, better than the upgraded hug, equal with the best hug, and frankly one of the easiest best mood buffs you can get. And stacks with all the other ones.

---
## [gonzalodevarona/Reto1](https://github.com/gonzalodevarona/Reto1)@[eef118517d...](https://github.com/gonzalodevarona/Reto1/commit/eef118517dd3cc82951ded6f1daf51f37299179a)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 04:33:05 by gonzalodevarona

sorry dom... i did my last, college had me busy like hell and i feel kinda tired. Map viewer missing and recover pcitures as well

---
## [Iamgoofball/-tg-station](https://github.com/Iamgoofball/-tg-station)@[56e3d065d3...](https://github.com/Iamgoofball/-tg-station/commit/56e3d065d39200d4b3e7b2b417a0e855ddff87d2)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 04:44:02 by Iamgoofball

Nerfs the shit out of the negative sprayed with water mood event for Felinids

Mood controls your movespeed. Making Felinids get their movespeed tanked because someone tried to fire extinguisher them is insane. Movespeed is the most important factor in SS13 when it comes to just about everything, it's how we punish people for damage after all.

A -5 mood is insanely punishing. It is equivalent to getting smitten by the gods, worse than a terrible noogie, worse than being bald, worse than literally throwing up all over yourself, worse than losing your family heirloom, and worse than having your eye stabbed out. This sucks for how easy it is to inflict on someone, especially considering the most common method of inflicting this is trying to fire extinguisher someone who's lit themselves on fire.

ðŸ†‘
balance: Nerfs the felinid water spray moodlet
/ðŸ†‘

---
## [SherylHohman/workout-tracker](https://github.com/SherylHohman/workout-tracker)@[c268422201...](https://github.com/SherylHohman/workout-tracker/commit/c2684222015892cef4143da881baeadf7d12f112)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 04:51:01 by Sheryl Hohman

WIP update README with Notes on libraries to use

Add list of libraries, dependencies, etc
  currently using, or currently installed, or currently imported/linked

Notes:
Deciding on some UI libraries to use:

- (already installed and using, could swap out)
  - React Calendar
    react-calendar (Date Picker, NOT a Time Picker)

- (not yet installed, have not started using yet)
  - Downshift (Searchable Dropdowns)
        - Searchable drop down menus, including accessability (by Dodds, highly custommizable via inversion of control on state updates)
        - eg: workout Location, Exercise Name, maybe eben Exercise Type/Categpry
  - Chakra (CSS/Components)
        - CSS library, including accessability
        - Kind of would prefer to use just CSS, not a component library, but this includes accessability, which right now is 1 too many things to otherwise learn.
        Otherwise might choose Tailwind (Dodd's choice). Or Semantic (Grider's choice). Or React-toolkit (has Android-like Time-picker), and standard-good looking styles, including material design.)
        - Unfortunately, I need to learn their components AND their CSS.
        - Also it uses styles and emotion and..
        wich I must also install and use.
        - Hence I keep going back and forth on this.
        - I do like their responsive object nomenclature, though!
        - I don't like that every div needs replaced by BOX. etc. This makes it VERY lock-in.
        - TODO: MUST VERIFY can use this for React-Native as well, before decide for sure.
        - They do NOT have Date or Time Pickers!!
        - Chakre Dependencies include: styled/styles,...several others.
          Make sure to notate them in the README, so if ever decide to remove this
          library, I know to also remove those dependencies, if not used elsewhere.
  - React Toolbox
    react-toolbox (Import the Time Picker ONLY)
    - it is a whole CSS/UI Component library.
    - I think it is or has material design incorporated.
    - It looks nice, very standard, so it might be a good backup choice
      to (Chakra, Semantic, Bulma, Material Design; Tailwind, Semantic)
      - the time picker is slow though, and looks slightly glitchy in that
        it starts a render, then re-renders visibly.
        Also, I am second guessing that this is the UI I want for time.
      - could use it for date too,
      - need to see that its styling would match well with Chakra
        or whatever other CSS library I choose.
      - need to verify that it is Accessability enabled

  - Note: If I do not care about accessability
    (after all it is basically for my use only! 0 in reality.
    Sure, I'd love a bunch of other people to love it too, but it is unlikely.
    Also, would I support all Android and/or any IOS devices?
    ..I would need funding, at the very least, to do this.
      I mean, if it were an income generator,
      then DEFINITELY, I MUST have accessability!
      I DO Believe in accessability.
      It just adds complexity and a ton of extra coding,
      that would be wasted if for use by me and me alone.
      It also requires a lock-in that could be extra restrictive, and unnecessary,
      if for me and me alone.
      OTOH, I guess, I might learn something about accessability that might help me job-wise?

  - React Fastclick (touch screen optimizations)
    - Mostly hands off, little config.
    - Automatically reduces lag, increases responsiveness (time) for touch-screen devices.
    - Basically just add a provider, maybe little more

  - Storybook.  (maybe far future todo)
    - Interesting. Useful, but likely too much overhead for me.
    - Learnig curve. Time consuming. (for small app) (must have for large apps, such as Airbnb)
    - Great for testing, and consistency in UI

----
  Date:      Mon Nov 8 19:31:10 2021 -0800

  On branch add-calendar
  Your branch is ahead of 'origin/add-calendar' by 4 commits.
    (use "git push" to publish your local commits)

  Changes to be committed:
 	modified:   README.md
 	modified:   src/y-experimentation/css-forms/pureio-form-css.js

---
## [RubyIsCracked/rubyiscracked.github.io](https://github.com/RubyIsCracked/rubyiscracked.github.io)@[fa920327c7...](https://github.com/RubyIsCracked/rubyiscracked.github.io/commit/fa920327c7d0bdf0faf209a528e6d65a681bdb9c)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 06:12:11 by RubyIsCracked

ðŸ’– 

Baby back, ayy
Couple racks, ayy
Couple Grammys on him
Couple plaques, ayy
That's a fact, ayy
Throw it back, ayy
Throw it back, ayy
And this one is for the champions
I ain't lost since I began, yeah
Funny how you said it was the end, yeah
Then I went did it again, yeah
I told you long ago, on the road
I got what they waitin' for
I don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em I ain't layin' low
You was never really rootin' for me anyway
When I'm back up at the top I wanna hear you say
He don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em that the break is over
Uh, need to, uh
Need to get this album done
Need a couple number ones
Need a plaque on every song
Need me like one with Nicki now
Tell a rap nigga, "I don't see ya", ha
I'm a pop nigga like Bieber, ha
I don't fuck bitches, I'm queer, ha
But these niggas bitches like Madea
Yeah, yeah, yeah (yeah)
Ayy, oh, let's do it
I ain't fall off, I just ain't release my new shit
I blew up now everybody tryna sue me
You call me Nas, but the hood call me Doobie, yeah
And this one is for the champions
I ain't lost since I began, yeah
Funny how you said it was the end, yeah
Then I went did it again, yeah
I told you long ago, on the road
I got what they waitin' for (I got what they waitin' for)
I don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em I ain't layin' low
(Bitch, I ain't runnin' from no one)
You was never really rootin' for me anyway (like, ooh-ooh)
When I'm back up at the top I wanna hear you say (like, ooh-ooh)
He don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em that the break is over
My track record so clean
They couldn't wait to just bash me
I must be gettin' too flashy
Y'all shouldn't have let the world gas me (woo)
It's too late 'cause I'm here to stay
And these girls know that I'm nasty (mm)
I sent her back to her boyfriend
With my handprint on her ass cheek
City talkin', we takin' notes
Tell 'em all to keep makin' posts
Wish he could but he can't get close
OG so proud of me that he chokin' up while he makin' toasts
I'm the type that you can't control
Said I would then I made it so (so)
I don't clear up rumors (ayy)
Where's y'all sense of humor? (Ayy)
I'm done makin' jokes 'cause they got old like baby boomers
Turn my haters to consumers
I make vets feel like they juniors (juniors)
Say your time is comin' soon but just like Oklahoma (mm)
Mine is comin' sooner (mm)
I'm just a late bloomer (mm)
I didn't peak in high school, I'm still out here gettin' cuter (woo)
All these social networks and computers
Got these pussies walkin' 'round like they ain't losers (losers)
I told you long ago, on the road
I got what they waitin' for (I got what they waitin' for)
I don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em I ain't layin' low
(Bitch, I ain't runnin' from no one)
You was never really rootin' for me anyway (like, ooh-ooh)
When I'm back up at the top I wanna hear you say (like, ooh-ooh)
He don't run from nothin', dog
Get your soldiers, tell 'em that the break is over
Yeah
I'm the industry baby, mm
I'm the industry baby
Yeah

---
## [EnPassant4264/DH](https://github.com/EnPassant4264/DH)@[2ff31599b4...](https://github.com/EnPassant4264/DH/commit/2ff31599b4d76e032556b751f15369b98911aa72)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 07:25:40 by En Passant

Earth & Sky debugging

And one last comma because FUCK YOU

---
## [oldschoolgg/obdocs](https://github.com/oldschoolgg/obdocs)@[ac669045d8...](https://github.com/oldschoolgg/obdocs/commit/ac669045d8eac9312df1e7ee9c5a1b755781bcc7)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 08:07:59 by egg

GitBook: [#279] adds vm to mining training god i fucking hate gitbooks stupid fucking shit fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck

---
## [abualid/Cadillacs-and-Dinosaurs](https://github.com/abualid/Cadillacs-and-Dinosaurs)@[69a39d68fe...](https://github.com/abualid/Cadillacs-and-Dinosaurs/commit/69a39d68feae04f64540f8d22811d511ef741d23)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 14:30:20 by Abu Alid

Add files via upload

Cadillacs and Dinosaurs, released in Japan as Cadillacs Kyouryuu Shinseiki (ã‚­ãƒ£ãƒ‡ã‚£ãƒ©ãƒƒã‚¯ã‚¹ æç«œæ–°ä¸–ç´€, Kyadirakkusu KyÅryÅ« Shinseiki), is a 1993 arcade game by Capcom. It is a side-scrolling beat 'em up based on the comic book series Xenozoic Tales. The game was produced as a tie-in to the short-lived Cadillacs and Dinosaurs animated series which was aired during the same year the game was released. A version for the Capcom Power System Changer was planned and previewed but never released.
Up to three players can play at once, guiding their selected characters through eight stages, battling various enemies and bosses.[3] There are four playable characters, each with their own strengths and weaknesses: Jack (balanced type), Hannah (skill type), Mustapha (speed type), and Mess (power type). The game's titular dinosaurs make appearances as neutral characters that may attack both player characters and enemies.

The players have access to several attacks. Each character has two special moves including one that depletes a character's health upon contact with an enemy and when two or more players play together, they can trigger a team-attack. Players can also find and use various firearms, throwing weapons such as rocks and explosives, and melee weapons such as clubs.

When the player loses along the way, one of the big baddies holds a gun point-blank to the losing player's face in a first-person view, taunting the player with sayings such as "Eat lead, baby!". Unless the game is continued within a countdown of 20 seconds, the baddie fires his gun, leading to a game over.

Plot
The story begins in the 26th century, when an ensemble gang called the Black Marketeers begin hunting the dinosaurs to serve their unknown purpose. The continuous hunting process has made the dinosaurs violent and now they have started attacking villages and people. Four heroes: mechanic and shaman Jack Tenrec, diplomat and explorer by profession Hannah Dundee, friend and engineer Mustapha Cairo, and mysterious Mess O'Bradovich, have decided to team up against the Black Marketeers.

The protagonists journey to the "City in the Sea" where they suspect the whole hunting network being operating from. As they reach the top of a building they fight Vice Terhune. After being beaten, Vice tells them about Butcher, who had been hunting in the northern woods. Following the information, they go through the swamp forest where they find a lot of dead dinosaurs before reaching and defeating the Butcher.

Meanwhile, another big name in the hunting network, Hogg, realizes that Jack is busy in the swamp forest and decides to take over Jack's Garage. Proceeding with the mission, the heroes go through the desert of death, where they use their car to travel safely, but then the car is chased by Hogg on his cruiser motorcycle. After defeating Hogg, Jack realizes that the gangsters have taken over his garage. They go there and clear out the garage from the gangsters, eventually confronting and defeating their leader Slice and regaining control of their garage.

This is when they receive a message from an old villager who tells them about the weird behavior of the dinosaurs and asks for help. In response to the call, the heroes reach the village where they notice dinosaurs violently attacking the people and that the village has been set on fire by someone. Going ahead further, they meet the old villager again as he tells about the whole network and as soon as he is about to reveal the name of the person behind all of it, he is shot dead by Morgan, who attacks the group as well. During the fight, Morgan talks about the powers of "doctor" transforms himself into a dinosaur-like creature called Morgue. By now, they have come to know that some doctor is trying to create new lifeforms.

Proceeding ahead, the heroes reach the coal mine and another jungle, where they face a dinosaur trying to stomp them. They eventually reach a place where they fight a tentacled creature called Tyrog that attaches itself to the bodies of the gangsters as a monstrous dinosaur-human hybrid. With all the leads and hints, Jack has now realized that Dr. Simon Fessenden is the mastermind behind all that is happening.

The team heads towards his underground hideout, which again is somewhere in the "City in the Sea". The heroes head towards the bunker, going through the library and the computer lab, where the doctor appears on the computer screen, calling himself the creator of a new world. Deep down is a bio-lab, and below it is a cave, which finally leads to Fessenden's lab. Seeing the team, he transforms himself into a Morgue-like creature, but is beaten. By now, the transforming serum's effect reaches its peak, and Fessenden transforms into a three-headed creature, but the heroes manage to defeat him.

Crippled by his defeat, Fessenden sets the whole complex to self-destruct. As the laboratory starts exploding, the heroes run for their lives, but Hannah falls down while running and Jack stops to help her. Only Mustapha and Mess are able to make it out of the laboratory as it is destroyed. As they are walking back to their homes, thinking about Jack and Hannah, the latter two come from behind in the car, alive. All four heroes return home.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[db60f75082...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/db60f750825b223537b32b0d00b508c11407cdfa)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 18:50:07 by Marko GrdiniÄ‡

"10:35am. Done with the bath.

11:05pm. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uwaXKU7ev6Tw_or__o8ARpUb6r2rCZYJGqwSFV9AD98/edit#
https://sites.google.com/site/ourwici/

Lot of good stuff in this.

11:15pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/library/

Something like feels exactly what I am looking for.

https://youtu.be/SjB4X3PblrA
How to: Freeflow Gradient

Oh wow. CSP has this?

Oh, this is great. This is what I should be using for shading and coloring.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/the-smudge-tool
> We've discussed a number of ways to blend paint, and the Smudge Tool is strangely absent.  Why have I left this tool out of the conversation?  Beginners often assume that the Smudge tool is explicitly for blending, but in my opinion it is rarely useful for this.  This video explores how the tool functions, and highlights special cases where it is useful for digital painting.

I am not sure that I will be getting any gaming done tonight at this rate. This site is really good.

https://www.clip-studio.com/site/gd_en/csp/userguide/csp_userguide/510_tool/510_tool_color_mix.htm

I googled the smudge tool in CSP and literally just pointed me to the blend tool which is what I expected the equivalent of the PS tool to be.

https://youtu.be/Eb48_JTHNNM?t=97

Hmmm, here it acts more like the finger tool. Indeed, this would not be too useful for blending.

https://youtu.be/Eb48_JTHNNM?t=215

Ah, this could be quite useful for dynamic motion effects.

12:05pm. https://youtu.be/53HOQOunxsU
> In a previous video I firmly stated that the smudge tool is not good for blending.  Well, I've changed my mind.  This video updates my opinion, and offers settings to add nuance and control to the smudge tool's blending ability.

https://youtu.be/mJyx7CCRZZs?t=7

Oh, something called Blend with sub color exists?

12:25pm. The problem with the blend tool for me is that it just creates a big mess. I am actually seriously considering the manual method where I iterate between two areas with an transparent brush.

https://youtu.be/Y2DScZlwMPU?t=187

Soothing watercolor? I saw that.

https://youtu.be/Y2DScZlwMPU?t=280

This is actually quite informative. I was wondering where those other settings are. I completely missed the tiny icon.

https://youtu.be/bcFfMytTWak?t=276

I hate this kind of technique.

1pm. https://youtu.be/tgKPPeFxK8g
Best Blending Tools Pt.3

Let me watch this and then I'll have dinner and go to bed. I am not really too happy with what the shading tools are offering me. It definitely feels too bothersome to use. Tomorrow I am going to study markers and coloring using them.

https://youtu.be/tgKPPeFxK8g?t=301

I should keep this ear in mind. He did not do it well, somehow the depth in his image is all out of whack.

https://youtu.be/JE-6amnHCcs?t=516

Hmmm, the shading done in the Scholar video is definitely much more like this. Markers are a choice. I do not have to restrict myself to paint brushes. I really liked how the real pencil image came out, but paint brushes feel like a huge hassle. So far the only way of blending that makes sense to me are Illustrator freeform gradients.

11/12/2021

10:15am. I am up. I ended up watching videos the entire time after closing yesterday.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/library/

I did some research and found this site. This is exactly what I've been looking for. Lessons on digital that are structured in a particular way.

10:25am. Let me chill a bit here. Right now, my number one issue is blending.

11am. Let me finally start.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/best-blending-tools-pt3
Best Blending Tools Pt.3

Let me watch this vid again. I last watched it at 1am so I was not exactly paying attention properly.

https://youtu.be/ocKanI79-sU
Easy Lighting/Shading Tutorial for Beginners [ On Clip Studio Paint]

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/TH5RzZfmPyQ?list=PLL7eX0No1f9nxLq_YIRD7QgugK95fn_wl&t=32
28 Mastering Edge Control

Actually, let me watch this again. Working in the Illustrator is really a strong contender for me right now.

Ah, he smooths out the edges with an airbrush.

11:25am. Let me pause the other video. I want to play around with the blend tool.

11:45am. Ok, I think I finally had some luck. Mucking around with paintbrushes is not doing it for me. Neither is the blend tool. What worked for me just now in creating a smooth gradient is a felt pen marker with pressure sensitive opacity combined the blur tool.

While doing that can, I really did fall in love with the drawing style of simply building up mass for the sake of shading and this is giving me that kind of effect. Another option is to use soft brushes.

12:05pm. Uoooohhh! Markers are pretty nice. The felt pen is really what I wanted to do shading. I've been playing around and it seems when a color does not have full brightness, layering more of it will converge it towards black. Which is actually good. This might be because the blending mode is set to multiply. Yep.

But this is exactly what I would have needed for that yellow can with dark shadows. It is quite similar to shading with a pencil, except here I can have brushes of arbitrary size which makes things a lot easier.

12:10pm. Studying blending modes like this - through the marker settings might be also a good way of understanding what they do. Markers also have a good thing where dragging them does not build up saturation. Instead multiple passes where the pen is liften and brought down again are required. This should be pretty good for shading. Yeah, I'll make them my coloring tool of choice. Now, let me watch the blending tutorial. I paused it near the beginning. Actually before that, let me try out one more experiment with the blur tool.

Oh, it works exactly like I thought it would. It blurs smoothly between the different sides. Yeah, this is what I need to create soft edges and nothing else.

12:30pm. https://youtu.be/ocKanI79-sU?t=445

Sigh, I am not really paying attention to this. I'll watch it, but I'll have to come back to it later. Right now I am not really interested in it.

12:50pm. Let me stop here for breakfast. I did not get much from the tutorial apart from some cool demos and that I should get familiar with blending modes.

2:10pm. Done with breakfast. Let me read the Girls Frontline chapter and then come the chores. I actually forgot about those.

2:25pm. Let me do the chores.

2:55pm. Done with the chores.

https://youtu.be/-1VBRc0qQQQ
Brushes - How to create a very smooth blending brush in Clip Studio Paint

Somebody posted this in the beg thread. It is only 2m so let me watch it. After that, what I will give it a try is painting my own hand. It is time for that challenge again.

Oh, this is a pretty good tutorial. I'll keep it in mind, though I've settled on markers by this point.

https://youtu.be/3I8pVfv-wJk
Digital Art Brush Techniques for Beginners

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/3I8pVfv-wJk?t=87

This is a nice way of doing the gradient.

3:20pm. Hrmmmmm...honestly, I do not feel like doing such a significant challenge right now. What I really want to do is watch Ctrl + Paint lessons.

https://www.ctrlpaint.com/library/

I should just go through these and follow along, drawing the smae thing the lecturer is. When I am done with the free vids, I should go through Priestley's course and then the Drawing Database. He goes into drawing the hand in the 1.5 hour elipse course. I do not feel like rushing this.

Just like learning programming I should do this one day at a time. I should work my way up to the hand in the next few weeks.

I want to do the hand perfectly and go back to Blender. I want to do this as fast as possible. But getting the higher 2/5 tiers will take time.

3:30pm. Let me go from the start. I should take it easy today. Yesterday I did not even get to do any gaming because I was watching videos even after closing till 1:30am.

https://youtu.be/jQ3qvMK4zFc?t=204

Let me play around with layers. How do I select the layer by clicking on the canvas directly in CSP?

Ctrl + Shift gives me the box selector for the layers.

4:10pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/digital-painting-101/brusheraser

This is next. It is good that I studied layers just for a bit. I never really used them to good effect yet. I am not beyond the basics at this point. I never really covered them in a structured manner, so it would be no wonder if I had gaps. At the current point I just about learned sketching.

4:20pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/digital-painting-101/color

He suggests I assign a shortcut for the foreground color picker. Ah, that is just X in CSP. It switches between the main and the sub color.

Ah, no wait. He is using a shortcut just to bring up the color wheel. I have that off to the side in CSP.

4:50pm. Ah, I get the difference between opacity and density.

Brush density in CSP is flow in Photoshop. Having low density allow you to do the same thing as you would with a pencil in real life which is shade by moving it across.

So far I've been using opacity to get that same effect. But opacity works a bit differently, you can't shade using it directly, instead it requires multiple passes. But I like that kind of thing.

5:40pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/visual-measuring

No way am I doing this right now, plenty of other exercises will be waiting for me in the future.

Let me go forward. I want to watch all these sections and then move on to the digital stuff.

6:10pm. https://youtu.be/3kgoFFmAbOE?t=50

I tried sketching out this spoon and succeeded. While in this picture he did it using bunch of smooth moves, what I drew initially was very wrong, but what I did was add lines straightening the curve and then coming in with the eraser in order to thin it. Let me adjust the end of the handle using the free transform.

Done. Compared to anyone good out there, I am still pretty crappy, but unlike before, I am not held back by it. I can sculpt out the drawing even if I lack the skill to do it smoothly directly. And that is really all I need.

There is just no way I can do the curve smoothly. I just do not have the space to do it propely here. The desk is pretty cramped. But that does not really matter. Realistically, I'd just actaul vector curves for this. CSP has vector layers so I'd use that for sketching though I haven't tried it.

6:15pm. What a perfect outline. This skill is what I've been most missing in order to draw a hand. The skill barrier for digital is definitely lower than for traditional.

6:20pm. Let me take a break here.

6:50pm. Done with lunch. Let me resume. I've been thinking about vector art, and the time I tried doing the hand in Illustrator.

Doing the outline is one thing, but I think the real reason I failed is due to the ambiguity. The outline of a hand is not the actual hand. Instead of the outline I should have tried drawing the 3d shape in order to trigger the mental change. Put down some shading just to make it more alive and then I'd know where the errors are. Sculpting taught me that.

Could it be done with just vectors? Hmmmm...

I mean, could I do the sculpting workflow with vectors, or am I better off with raster? I am leaning towards raster. The later is simply more flexible. My art style is going in a very sculpting direction whether that be painting, drawing or doing actual sculpting.

With vectors, every vectors is its own shape and I do not have this flexibility. I need raster to actually sculpt.

So I'll go with CSP in the end. Let me get back to lectures.

7:10pm. Sigh, I have no will to draw crewdrivers right now. Let me finish section two and then I will call it a day.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8zo6Lo44Xk
Why spend 5 years making free digital painting tutorials for beginners?

This guy is great. Kuddos to him.

https://youtu.be/1s3ERiR1hAs?t=179

This is interesting. It really makes the object pop out.

7:35pm. https://www.ctrlpaint.com/videos/constructive-form-pt-1-5

Let me leave this for tomorrow. This is worth paying attention to, and I am out of energy. I'll stop here for the day.

7:40pm. Let me finally chill. Just who is going to study at 7:40pm? Night is the time of games.

I can start to feel that I am going to win. It the same feelings as when I successfully plan things out in programming. Things feel like they've fallen into place and that now I can draw anything I set my mind to. The sculpting experience was really crucial.

I do not know how long I am going to study visual art, but either way, I should be able to get pretty good in a few months. After that comes music. And after that comes actual work on Simulacrum. Working on both the visuals and the misuc for the game should make things fun for me. It would be a pain to just crank out text without end."

---
## [ForwarderFactory/hbc-archive](https://github.com/ForwarderFactory/hbc-archive)@[3977832110...](https://github.com/ForwarderFactory/hbc-archive/commit/397783211038252528e3dd66dd6a66442e4274c2)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 20:34:31 by speedie

Uploading a total fucking goldmine worth of HBC WADs

Uploading a shit ton of HBC WADs. These are 1.1.0, 1.0.7, 1.0.8, 1.1.1, 1.1.2, 1.1.3 (FIX94), 1.1.4 (FIX94) in both unmodified and patched. Should complete my HBC collection with the exception of HackMii Installer 0.4 which unfortunately I was not able to find.

---
## [Ishanthecoder/astro499](https://github.com/Ishanthecoder/astro499)@[4b7d20b829...](https://github.com/Ishanthecoder/astro499/commit/4b7d20b82932a1cdb4293acbb751f80a1121bf20)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 22:40:37 by ishanthecoder

Well so uh, old so uh, old project for filtering the coarse table previously archived un revived der selkidomus was revived, and broken into an archive of the old workin g versions of everyhting saved under...well that one that's name i cant remember. The other folders i do remember, shadowfell has an archive fo several CSVs generated for the various tests and and actual runs of the filtering programs. At this pint so many have accidentally overwritten b y me forgettign to change the name on verison that didnt promt for new f ile name every time and so theyre all jsut arcvhived.You know, I want a puppy. Caffine sint enough motivation, i want a puppy. I might have to w ait till im not livng in a dorm, but i still want a puppy. Anyway the fi le named supercalifragilisticexpialidocious (i think i spelled that righ t) contians the in progress version of the filtering program capable of sorting for up to 4 terms contianed within names, anywere from 1 to All classes, and two ranges of Gmag, Dec, and RA AND return a normal csv, non deicmal csv, and a TUI formatted tab sepreated csv. some minor chan ges were made to Sirius after the last commit. Sorry for typos

---
## [freedesktop/drm-misc](https://github.com/freedesktop/drm-misc)@[79af598a5b...](https://github.com/freedesktop/drm-misc/commit/79af598a5baefc3a92b31ebc5b7aff00b38dc633)
#### Friday 2021-11-12 23:14:25 by Lyude Paul

drm/nouveau/kms/nv50-: Always validate LUTs in nv50_head_atomic_check_lut()

When it comes to gamma or degamma luts, nouveau will actually skip the
calculation of certain LUTs depending on the head and plane states. For
instance, when the head is disabled we don't perform any error checking on
the gamma LUT, and likewise if no planes are present and enabled in our
atomic state we will skip error checking the degamma LUT. This is a bit of
a problem though, since the per-head gamma and degamma props in DRM can be
changed even while a head is disabled - a situation which can be triggered
by the igt testcase mentioned down below.

Originally I thought this was a bit silly and was tempted to just fix the
igt test to only set gamma/degamma with the head enabled. After a bit of
thinking though I realized we should fix this in nouveau. This is because
if a program decides to set an invalid LUT for a head before enabling the
head, such a property change would succeed while also making it impossible
to turn the head back on until the LUT is removed or corrected - something
that could be painful for a user to figure out.

So, fix this checking both degamma and gamma LUTs unconditionally during
atomic checks. We start by calling nv50_head_atomic_check_lut() regardless
of whether the head is active or not in nv50_head_atomic_check(). Then we
move the ilut error checking into nv50_head_atomic_check_lut() and add a
per-head hook for it, primarily because as a per-CRTC property DRM we want
the LUT to be error checked by the head any time it's included in an atomic
state. Of course though, actual programming of the degamma lut to hardware
is still handled in each plane's atomic check and commit.

Signed-off-by: Lyude Paul <lyude@redhat.com>
Testcase: igt/kms_color/pipe-invalid-*-lut-sizes
Signed-off-by: Ben Skeggs <bskeggs@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Karol Herbst <kherbst@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Karol Herbst <kherbst@redhat.com>
Link: https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/drm/nouveau/-/merge_requests/10

---

# [<](2021-11-11.md) 2021-11-12 [>](2021-11-13.md)

