# [<](2021-12-15.md) 2021-12-16 [>](2021-12-17.md)

3,425,436 events, 1,843,917 push events, 2,829,828 commit messages, 236,590,681 characters


## [h-lame/advent-of-code](https://github.com/h-lame/advent-of-code)@[c57dab2b62...](https://github.com/h-lame/advent-of-code/commit/c57dab2b628c6e56beaf9215892b21fa85c965f2)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 00:20:02 by Murray Steele

Solution Day 15 2021

Stupidly flailed around trying to come up with djikstra's algorithm from first principles (well, more like poorly remembered distant memories of the algo rather than brute forcing it with the sheer weight of my brain).  Got as far as thinking about various pruning strategies before googling adn comparing my version to the canonical one.  However, I naively assumed that I'd only ever need to go down and right, so I kept getting the wrong answer.  Added in up and left and the right answer was forthcoming, but it took me a while to work that out.

For part 2 I just got in a muddle with what order to iterate over the rows in the tile vs. repeating the whole tile so my tiling was very messy.  I think there's probably a better version that doesn't have arbitrary `flatten` calls in there and is more expressive.

---
## [tdauth/wowr](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr)@[62b99a0053...](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr/commit/62b99a00539db6026e1e433b6f3a4704e75429b8)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 01:39:40 by barade

Initial 1.8.5

- Power Generator auras affect ancients and regular structures.
- Fix allowing to write "-yes" when no votekick is running.
- Add professions Weapons Smith and Armorer to AI.
- Fix completing Lich King quest 4 by entering the Frozen Throne area which was not possible before.
- Fel Orcs are affected by Evolution.
- Satyr and Salamander aren't summoned permanently anymore.
- Kil'Jaeden's summoned demons aren't permanent anymore.
- New Paladin in Azerorth respawns now after being killed.
- Fix Lich King revival location after being killed by Illidan.
- Readd quest marker to revived Lich King if necessary.
- Add Furbolg Dragon Roost with Green Drakes.
- Increase AI crafting interval from 30 to 120 seconds.
- Only 0 - 2 instead of 0 - 3 dropped items for creeps.
- Drop more different items to creeps above level 8 than only Inferno Stone.
- Full shared control, XP etc. from AI when you ally.
- Remove Arena Wendigos message.
- Give another hint in Lich King quest 4 to buy all Draenei unit types.
- Human quest 4 and Forsaken quest 3 cannot only be discovered by non-Undead or Undead heroes.
- Add player color to becoming Demigod messages.
- Remove level skip requirement from evil demigod ulti Finger of Death.
- Add exact damage to the tooltip of evil demigod ulti Finger of Death.
- Remove message for all players "Pressed Hand of God!".
- Let all allies of the killing player of Archimonde with him/her.
- Translate the defeat message after Archimonde has been killed into English and extend it.
- Make Ring of the Dark Legion droppable after dropping it from Illidan.
- Lower Evasion percentage bonus from 5 % per level to 3 % per level.
- Lower decreasing seconds to 20 per level for Reincarnation.
- Fix level and defense from Evolution for units whose owner has changed. This might fix issues with using Charm on high level creeps.
- Sapphiron has no Resistant Skin to prevent Charm.
- Do not let AI take over control over Illidan.
- Level 9 arena boss drops Stonemaul Arena Master Belt now instead of Mask of Death.

---
## [Nom771/citizenbot](https://github.com/Nom771/citizenbot)@[534dda56a9...](https://github.com/Nom771/citizenbot/commit/534dda56a9d0fe4f70d55e0232424a974a1fe70f)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 02:29:33 by DESKTOP-6KFATCQ\miked

fuck you pryolo

(added more checks for bad arguments, should catch them all now)

---
## [areason1410/RGBDelight](https://github.com/areason1410/RGBDelight)@[4140202d24...](https://github.com/areason1410/RGBDelight/commit/4140202d2442ec473ca66083c3e334d3da7caecc)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 04:02:47 by bmajor65

login css stuff and things adnb stuff, i literqaly cannt remeber what i was doing but i have to push this to change branch so whoever reads this hole commit message cuduse and enjoy the giant mess i probalky made even tho i cant remember anywyay so honestly if i made a gaint mess its not my fualt. also my spellings is shocking becaus eim useing a keyboard worth abot Â£3 and is realy stupid to type on for long period of time

---
## [EzioisAwesome56/jGetReal](https://github.com/EzioisAwesome56/jGetReal)@[ebb4758571...](https://github.com/EzioisAwesome56/jGetReal/commit/ebb475857173cad7871081731938761db3be86a1)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 05:00:02 by EzioisAwesome56

the gif file format fucking sucks so much, why do people use this shit

---
## [alexlieberman22/StockAnalysis](https://github.com/alexlieberman22/StockAnalysis)@[840846789c...](https://github.com/alexlieberman22/StockAnalysis/commit/840846789ce17dc1a90a63800050b267eca63de0)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 05:31:27 by alexlieberman22

Added Buttons

*sorry, my last 2 commits have my boyfriend's name Jose and that's because I'm using his computer and was commiting from git bash

---
## [KewlSage/BorderShapes](https://github.com/KewlSage/BorderShapes)@[0f90b83f31...](https://github.com/KewlSage/BorderShapes/commit/0f90b83f31d0a2b9006b9c5553ded4a89d942923)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 05:55:00 by Kewl Sage

some things from cumcord

Welcome to the cum zone - Only cum inside anime girls - Quivering clit, double jointed pussy - Fresh balls, elegant ejaculation - First the kiss, then the cum - My dick is in love with pain - Co-op cock torture - Stuff my dick into a furnace - Stitch my cock shut - Pressure cook my greasy balls - Cumblast me and make it snappy - Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum - Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum - Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum - Cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum, cum - What's all the cummotion? - My dad fell into a cum shaft - My dad glazed my face with cum - Fertilize a baby with hunk spunk - Cum spunk in my trunk - Cum craving ðŸ‘ŽðŸ¿ - Cum drippin' cunt - Cummy Rae Jepsen - Cum me maybe - Cummy bottom boy - Night of the living cum - Nefarious cum mastermind - Cum makes me fearless - Cum crammer, cock slammer - Cum slammed ya mum - Mail your mums pieces of my dick - Bazinga! - Chug the cum, fug ya mum - Fuck my asshole full of cum - Three little words - Get fucked, nerd - Cum stuffer, jenkem huffer - Fuck my cum puddle - Bottom stuffer, semen huffer - Would love a gator to fuck me - Undercooked baby pig penises - Help my dogs get a huge boner - Water bong full of cat cum - Accidentally fucked my own ass - I barely had any dicks inside me - Who ate all my cum? A mystery - Cum detective hot on the trail - Bees make honey, I make cummy

---
## [mingang0830/pythonStudy](https://github.com/mingang0830/pythonStudy)@[dcf4397d48...](https://github.com/mingang0830/pythonStudy/commit/dcf4397d48c2a30d721690b577602d68fb1f90a4)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 06:10:55 by mingyeong

2018 day2

--- Day 2: Inventory Management System ---
You stop falling through time, catch your breath, and check the screen on the device. "Destination reached. Current Year: 1518. Current Location: North Pole Utility Closet 83N10." You made it! Now, to find those anomalies.

Outside the utility closet, you hear footsteps and a voice. "...I'm not sure either. But now that so many people have chimneys, maybe he could sneak in that way?" Another voice responds, "Actually, we've been working on a new kind of suit that would let him fit through tight spaces like that. But, I heard that a few days ago, they lost the prototype fabric, the design plans, everything! Nobody on the team can even seem to remember important details of the project!"

"Wouldn't they have had enough fabric to fill several boxes in the warehouse? They'd be stored together, so the box IDs should be similar. Too bad it would take forever to search the warehouse for two similar box IDs..." They walk too far away to hear any more.

Late at night, you sneak to the warehouse - who knows what kinds of paradoxes you could cause if you were discovered - and use your fancy wrist device to quickly scan every box and produce a list of the likely candidates (your puzzle input).

To make sure you didn't miss any, you scan the likely candidate boxes again, counting the number that have an ID containing exactly two of any letter and then separately counting those with exactly three of any letter. You can multiply those two counts together to get a rudimentary checksum and compare it to what your device predicts.

For example, if you see the following box IDs:

abcdef contains no letters that appear exactly two or three times.
bababc contains two a and three b, so it counts for both.
abbcde contains two b, but no letter appears exactly three times.
abcccd contains three c, but no letter appears exactly two times.
aabcdd contains two a and two d, but it only counts once.
abcdee contains two e.
ababab contains three a and three b, but it only counts once.
Of these box IDs, four of them contain a letter which appears exactly twice, and three of them contain a letter which appears exactly three times. Multiplying these together produces a checksum of 4 * 3 = 12.

What is the checksum for your list of box IDs?

Your puzzle answer was 5434.

--- Part Two ---
Confident that your list of box IDs is complete, you're ready to find the boxes full of prototype fabric.

The boxes will have IDs which differ by exactly one character at the same position in both strings. For example, given the following box IDs:

abcde
fghij
klmno
pqrst
fguij
axcye
wvxyz
The IDs abcde and axcye are close, but they differ by two characters (the second and fourth). However, the IDs fghij and fguij differ by exactly one character, the third (h and u). Those must be the correct boxes.

What letters are common between the two correct box IDs? (In the example above, this is found by removing the differing character from either ID, producing fgij.)

---
## [mingang0830/pythonStudy](https://github.com/mingang0830/pythonStudy)@[a9b5e716ed...](https://github.com/mingang0830/pythonStudy/commit/a9b5e716ed47477b88644cab35fa7e395d049a9c)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 06:11:52 by mingyeong

2019 day2

--- Day 2: 1202 Program Alarm ---
On the way to your gravity assist around the Moon, your ship computer beeps angrily about a "1202 program alarm". On the radio, an Elf is already explaining how to handle the situation: "Don't worry, that's perfectly norma--" The ship computer bursts into flames.

You notify the Elves that the computer's magic smoke seems to have escaped. "That computer ran Intcode programs like the gravity assist program it was working on; surely there are enough spare parts up there to build a new Intcode computer!"

An Intcode program is a list of integers separated by commas (like 1,0,0,3,99). To run one, start by looking at the first integer (called position 0). Here, you will find an opcode - either 1, 2, or 99. The opcode indicates what to do; for example, 99 means that the program is finished and should immediately halt. Encountering an unknown opcode means something went wrong.

Opcode 1 adds together numbers read from two positions and stores the result in a third position. The three integers immediately after the opcode tell you these three positions - the first two indicate the positions from which you should read the input values, and the third indicates the position at which the output should be stored.

For example, if your Intcode computer encounters 1,10,20,30, it should read the values at positions 10 and 20, add those values, and then overwrite the value at position 30 with their sum.

Opcode 2 works exactly like opcode 1, except it multiplies the two inputs instead of adding them. Again, the three integers after the opcode indicate where the inputs and outputs are, not their values.

Once you're done processing an opcode, move to the next one by stepping forward 4 positions.

For example, suppose you have the following program:

1,9,10,3,2,3,11,0,99,30,40,50
For the purposes of illustration, here is the same program split into multiple lines:

1,9,10,3,
2,3,11,0,
99,
30,40,50
The first four integers, 1,9,10,3, are at positions 0, 1, 2, and 3. Together, they represent the first opcode (1, addition), the positions of the two inputs (9 and 10), and the position of the output (3). To handle this opcode, you first need to get the values at the input positions: position 9 contains 30, and position 10 contains 40. Add these numbers together to get 70. Then, store this value at the output position; here, the output position (3) is at position 3, so it overwrites itself. Afterward, the program looks like this:

1,9,10,70,
2,3,11,0,
99,
30,40,50
Step forward 4 positions to reach the next opcode, 2. This opcode works just like the previous, but it multiplies instead of adding. The inputs are at positions 3 and 11; these positions contain 70 and 50 respectively. Multiplying these produces 3500; this is stored at position 0:

3500,9,10,70,
2,3,11,0,
99,
30,40,50
Stepping forward 4 more positions arrives at opcode 99, halting the program.

Here are the initial and final states of a few more small programs:

1,0,0,0,99 becomes 2,0,0,0,99 (1 + 1 = 2).
2,3,0,3,99 becomes 2,3,0,6,99 (3 * 2 = 6).
2,4,4,5,99,0 becomes 2,4,4,5,99,9801 (99 * 99 = 9801).
1,1,1,4,99,5,6,0,99 becomes 30,1,1,4,2,5,6,0,99.
Once you have a working computer, the first step is to restore the gravity assist program (your puzzle input) to the "1202 program alarm" state it had just before the last computer caught fire. To do this, before running the program, replace position 1 with the value 12 and replace position 2 with the value 2. What value is left at position 0 after the program halts?

--- Part Two ---
"Good, the new computer seems to be working correctly! Keep it nearby during this mission - you'll probably use it again. Real Intcode computers support many more features than your new one, but we'll let you know what they are as you need them."

"However, your current priority should be to complete your gravity assist around the Moon. For this mission to succeed, we should settle on some terminology for the parts you've already built."

Intcode programs are given as a list of integers; these values are used as the initial state for the computer's memory. When you run an Intcode program, make sure to start by initializing memory to the program's values. A position in memory is called an address (for example, the first value in memory is at "address 0").

Opcodes (like 1, 2, or 99) mark the beginning of an instruction. The values used immediately after an opcode, if any, are called the instruction's parameters. For example, in the instruction 1,2,3,4, 1 is the opcode; 2, 3, and 4 are the parameters. The instruction 99 contains only an opcode and has no parameters.

The address of the current instruction is called the instruction pointer; it starts at 0. After an instruction finishes, the instruction pointer increases by the number of values in the instruction; until you add more instructions to the computer, this is always 4 (1 opcode + 3 parameters) for the add and multiply instructions. (The halt instruction would increase the instruction pointer by 1, but it halts the program instead.)

"With terminology out of the way, we're ready to proceed. To complete the gravity assist, you need to determine what pair of inputs produces the output 19690720."

The inputs should still be provided to the program by replacing the values at addresses 1 and 2, just like before. In this program, the value placed in address 1 is called the noun, and the value placed in address 2 is called the verb. Each of the two input values will be between 0 and 99, inclusive.

Once the program has halted, its output is available at address 0, also just like before. Each time you try a pair of inputs, make sure you first reset the computer's memory to the values in the program (your puzzle input) - in other words, don't reuse memory from a previous attempt.

Find the input noun and verb that cause the program to produce the output 19690720. What is 100 * noun + verb? (For example, if noun=12 and verb=2, the answer would be 1202.)

---
## [idanzhavi09/MDA](https://github.com/idanzhavi09/MDA)@[64890d0ca1...](https://github.com/idanzhavi09/MDA/commit/64890d0ca1ceb45ed04d3c4b4615d3714b7bca82)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 08:46:26 by idanz

commit - 16/12
finally finished calendar view omgggggggggg literally thank god that i fucking finished this shit

---
## [UtopicUnicorns/Artemis_v4](https://github.com/UtopicUnicorns/Artemis_v4)@[8fa4a723ad...](https://github.com/UtopicUnicorns/Artemis_v4/commit/8fa4a723ad62a7becb62cd9a7ba4338f16b002d9)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 12:03:21 by UtopicUnicorns

Small extra change

Added easter egg for index page.
Go fuck yourself lol

---
## [Melonslise/Locks](https://github.com/Melonslise/Locks)@[c8a7f14191...](https://github.com/Melonslise/Locks/commit/c8a7f1419192f5e5bfd54dfbc7f6f571f3cadac0)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 12:16:46 by Charles445

Locks Backport Part One

Initial backport of Locks 3 for 1.12.2

Quick note, when getting mixins to work I downgraded to ForgeGradle 2.3, ForgeGradle 3+ was giving me trouble.
Updated the gradle to the new maven URL so this old version should still work.

Ported Features:
Mixin support
Chunk based lock storage and lock networking (seems to work well enough)
Lockpicking GUI updated with the Artsy/Hoonts assets
Easy Lock support
Various types of locks and crafting recipes
Various types of lockpicks and crafting recipes
Lock enchantments and sounds
Removed unused sounds
Fix for locks rattling when correct keys are used
Deaf mode is true by default
Removed unused config options
Config for generating locks and lock weights, as well as enchantments
Creates collection when iterating in world event listener
Cannot place a chest next to a locked chest
Cannot drain items from locked chests, brewing stands, furnaces, etc.
Cannot use redstone to power locked blocks
Cannot push locked blocks with a piston
Enchantment descriptions and other lang changes
Locked locks give blocks explosion resistance

Notable differences from the 1.16.5 port:
Lockpick movement has been streamlined a bit so key presses aren't eaten as often.
Chunks have a capability to test if the chunk has had locks generated yet.
Oredict entries for locks and lockpick (helped with crafting) are "locksLock" and "locksLockPick" respectively. (you can change the names if you want)
Locks only get added for the player if all the lock's chunks are loaded client side (shouldn't be a problem, but you never know...)
LockableHandler loaded list was changed to synchronized to try and avoid list issues.

Issues Still Present:
Rendering issues with selection and locks where they go dark and transparent
Black screen bug that allegedly happens
No fancy world tooltip
No villager trades
No loot
Locks in a template don't randomly generate
May still have key ring crashes if they were present in 1.12.2

Possible Issues:
Chunk watching system might get intensive with a lot of locks around? Each lock sends a packet for each chunk it takes up.
Locks don't get added for the player if all the lock's chunks aren't loaded client side, which may cause problems randomly when chunks load weirdly?
Synchronized loaded locks list might not work as intended, it's hard to test that sort of thing. See LockableStorage for details on the original crash.
Randomly generated locks are same-seed inconsistent (which is standard fare for this sort of thing, honestly)

Also, I'm sorry for any gross code formatting, lol

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[83835b2d06...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/83835b2d06af1487013deaeebc69dd05ab1eab83)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 12:47:58 by Marko GrdiniÄ‡

"9:50am. This feeling of tension is a bit like when I was working on the language. The time away from the screen is doing its job. My ego is getting stronger.

Rather than a 100 different competing threads, there are only two now.

1) Think about other people's needs, abandon selfishness and get a job.
2) Continue being selfish, and proceed with art.

When I decided on a job, I remembered that I still have my current project to finish.

That puts things into stark contrast.

10am. Indeed, this whole art vs job thing is just showing how far behind the closest my marbles rolled off. I completely lost sight of myself. Maybe I should step away from the screen today as well.

10:10am. Being selfless puts you at the whim of other people. But being selfish in the way I've chosen puts me at the whim of the winds of inspiration.

The reality of the matter is that losing the opportunity to make poker work with current hardware was an enormous blow that I can't recover from. Even with the AI chip, I probably still could not do it. So getting the chip so I could make a backend for it does not matter.

The backend is not a big deal anyway.

I do not need the chip to do it. It is just a ref counted C backend.

10:15pm. If I can't make it work with the AI chip, I can only use it indirectly, by having it serve as a catalyst for further research in the field. I really need the algorithm to be sure of my victory. if I had the algorithm right now, I could make an accurate estimate whether it could work on CPU + GPU.

When you have the right method, the world will conspire to make you win. Right now it is conspiring to making me lose.

10:20am. Right now I am desperate, but Spiral itself was the integral part of the plan, since it is literally the canvas. The poker agent was a necessary catalyst, but it was a side thing.

What I need to do next is accumulate gains with certainty.

I need to solidify this. Up to now I am still holding out the hope that if I get the right hardware that I could ride this dog to victory. That could not be further from the truth. The AI chip would give me a 1000x gain. I'd go further, but still crash and burn at some later point. The increase in complexity would require exponential agains in computations with the current algos.

I've lost sight of myself.

I've forgotten what is the goal and what is the catalyst to the future that I need.

Maybe a language is not such a big deal. It is just a part of my skill.

10:25am. Maybe I could throw away the agents that I made. But the game itself that I've implemented was gold.

In the C backend, I should do the RL thing again except with evolutionary algos. Not because I expect it to win. But because I need a way of testing it. I do have some ideas, so why not go for them?

Why not try out those fast genetic algos from the Uber blog? It is a path.

Later.

When you take a loss, it is a good thing to get away from the source of the pain and come back later with a fresh mind. it would not have been good if I restarted work on Spiral in early 2019. It had to been 2020.

Eventually I'll feel the dissatisfaction and want to try out the challenge. But right now, I should challenge myself differently.

10:30am. I feel that the one to reach the Singularity should plumb the depths of evil rather than do it for the sake of others. I think it is going to be very bad for others if the AI friendliness crowd gets its way as opposed to someone selfish.

Where I should I find the power to remain selfish?

*picks up the tablet pen*

It can't be in anything other than this.

11:15am. I've been through this before in 2019. It was at that time that I've been doing various thnigs. In the end, I decided to come back and finish the job. But I needed some time to get over the dissapointment at the end of 2019.

Is there anything I haven't tried yet. Yeah, the non-NN focused approach. Instead of doing it like this, it might be good to focus on concurrency. Put it over different cores even if my own rig only has 4. Do the MCTS thing for poker. Hack the simulator. Things like that.

Once I try those things - then I would be done. Things like those would be well suited well for the C backend.

If I was full of will I would go for it, but now my thoughts have degenerated to worldly concerns.

11:20am. Maybe it doesn't matter. Maybe it does. Who knows. In life you should try out different things to see what works.

Rather than making up reasons, just think how motivating it would be to do all this work for the actual algorithm. That would really be heaven.

In some ways, Spiral was made to honor the current wave of deep learning.

The NNs are what gave me the inspiration and courage to start programming seriously. Just money on its own would not have been enough.

I was afraid of trying them out directly. I wanted to believe in them. If I tried it in Python and failed, just what would have happened to my dream?

I wanted to feel in complete control of my style of programming. I wanted absolute dominance over the hardware.

11:30am. Maybe I'll step away from the screen today as well.

Remember differentiable plasticity?

I had a lot of hype for it in 2018, but realized that when recurrent connections are allowed, that the Hebbian updates have such insane gradient propagation. Also for longer timesteps it basically becomes impossible to propagate the credit backwards. I pestered Miconi with reversibility, but that is not the answer. The answer would have been to get rid of backprop.

Using simple algorithms to meta learn complex ones does have a lot of appeal.

Evolution literally did that. It is not like it used nested evolution. From what I can see, evolution itself is completely flat. There aren't any genomes inside the genome being optimized. Forget that.

The secret is what kind of manifold is being optimized.

11:35am. Maybe the way to get closer to the secret might be to get rid of backprop and use that to radically expand the kinds of architectures being considered.

I can believe that. Why wouldn't I?

11:40am. I need to form the belief. I need something in ML to keep me going even if it is years down the road. I absolutely hate the idea of just waiting for others to show me the way. And I hate thinking that money is what is restricting me from winning.

11:50am. Yeah, there is something about Simulacrum. Originally it was to convince me of the self improvement loop. But now it is forcing me to say - just what exactly is the advantage. Bigger groups will always have better hardware and resources. I'd need to be a superhuman genius to beat them.

So what is it about me that is different? Where will my advantage come from in real life?

It can only come from what I am optimizing for.

True, I've been trying to beat poker and failing, but poker is the kind of game where everyone would be optimizing for the same thing.

Understanding the right goal can be the biggest advantage there is.

Trying to force inspiration was my fatal mistake in the second attempt.

1:30pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me step away from the screen. I want to spend time in bed just thinking.

I can't really drop ML, even if I have to drop the current wave. Just what can I believe in? I should go back to the basics and take inspiration from nature.

What is constant? Personality and instincts.

Then that is what the Inspired should optimize in the beginning.

Then that is what I should be optimizing myself.

Selecting the right learning rates is definitely not it.

1:40pm. If the original arcs were a signal of victory and the start of my mad path, then Heaven's Key should be a story that rekindles my belief that is is possible to understand the mind.

2pm. If you took a human and digitized it, the program that is him would be a great big mess with millions of parameters. It would be way beyond the ability of him to understand it. But nonetheless, tinkering with that program is what would be needed to move forward.

The Transcendi could understand it, but the beginner Inspired could not. No human level intellect can hope to cope with such a challenge. Therefore, what makes a difference is the decisiveness to go forward regardless and play with life and death. The process of self improvement therefore become a process of self realization.

1:45pm. To do it in real life, I need that initial canvas with which to play with. I do need some passive income.

If I am bothered with contract work, I will never gather the motivation to just go forward.

Ultimately, many artists cannot create their own world. I have a large advantage here.

1:45pm. Let me go to bed. I think I could use a little healing story to lift my spirit up."

---
## [Pietro222222/yex-lang](https://github.com/Pietro222222/yex-lang)@[5675c921c7...](https://github.com/Pietro222222/yex-lang/commit/5675c921c757763f5ba6d24007287e818c3b17f1)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 15:11:28 by Pietro222222

i hate my life :+1:. error related functions implemented

---
## [HosTingle/Cpp](https://github.com/HosTingle/Cpp)@[f7f6648005...](https://github.com/HosTingle/Cpp/commit/f7f664800575325327875cb74da7a82229cc1d0d)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 15:16:30 by HosTingle

Add files via upload

Two friends Anna and Brian, are deciding how to split the bill at a dinner. Each will only pay for the items they consume. Brian gets the check and calculates Anna's portion. You must determine if his calculation is correct.

For example, assume the bill has the following prices: . Anna declines to eat item  which costs . If Brian calculates the bill correctly, Anna will pay . If he includes the cost of , he will calculate . In the second case, he should refund  to Anna.

Function Description

Complete the bonAppetit function in the editor below. It should print Bon Appetit if the bill is fairly split. Otherwise, it should print the integer amount of money that Brian owes Anna.

bonAppetit has the following parameter(s):

bill: an array of integers representing the cost of each item ordered
k: an integer representing the zero-based index of the item Anna doesn't eat
b: the amount of money that Anna contributed to the bill
Input Format

The first line contains two space-separated integers  and , the number of items ordered and the -based index of the item that Anna did not eat.
The second line contains  space-separated integers  where .
The third line contains an integer, , the amount of money that Brian charged Anna for her share of the bill.

Constraints

The amount of money due Anna will always be an integer
Output Format

If Brian did not overcharge Anna, print Bon Appetit on a new line; otherwise, print the difference (i.e., ) that Brian must refund to Anna. This will always be an integer.

Sample Input 0

4 1
3 10 2 9
12
Sample Output 0

5
Explanation 0
Anna didn't eat item , but she shared the rest of the items with Brian. The total cost of the shared items is  and, split in half, the cost per person is . Brian charged her  for her portion of the bill. We print the amount Anna was overcharged, , on a new line.

Sample Input 1

4 1
3 10 2 9
7
Sample Output 1

Bon Appetit
Explanation 1
Anna didn't eat item , but she shared the rest of the items with Brian. The total cost of the shared items is  and, split in half, the cost per person is . Because , we print Bon Appetit on a new line.

---
## [tertsdiepraam/java-crimes](https://github.com/tertsdiepraam/java-crimes)@[0702827038...](https://github.com/tertsdiepraam/java-crimes/commit/07028270386db9adc378c47ee93221eed4e7ebdb)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 15:39:29 by Terts Diepraam

FUCK YOU JAVA SERIALIZABLE SHOULD ERROR AND NOT SILENTLY HANG

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[efc20fb83f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/efc20fb83fa6e5800b2f81edd666c14e0dd2c6f1)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 16:06:12 by Marko GrdiniÄ‡

"4:10pm. I am up. Yeah, I am trough with trying to figure things out myself. It is only games for me from here on out. The brainless nature could do it, and me despite having intelligence can't. This is wrong. I am wrong.

My approach is definitely wrong. It should never be the case that adding intelligence to a brainless process should make it worse.

If it is wrong, then the setup itself is wrong.

Where I went wrong is thinking I had to figure out intelligence.

Rather, back in high school I should have designated nature as an enemy and seriously fought it. And the best way to fight it is to immitate it.

The self improvement game has to be an evolution game.

Since I am getting into game dev, that is the kind of game I should be fundamentally making. Take poker, give it an evolutionary manifold, and see what algorithms end up being dominant. Study those. That is how you get true insight.

Instead I am just bashing my head against the wall. I've been trying to reach a height that is unatainable to me. You can't get insight purely from imagination.

I do not care if people are having a wild party and making money with deep learning. This is not what I signed up for. To nurture my interest, I want a steady stream of good algorithms.

4:20pm. Maybe it is finally time to take a trek back to 2015. Back then I was looking up genetic programming, but did not go far with it because I got interested in deep learning. John Koza wrote books on that, and I should be able to find them on Libgen.

Though I do not have the hardware for it. And I do not want to endure the loneliness of yet more failed ventures. I just can't afford to keep doing upaid work forever. If I could get 1k per month to work on my own stuff things would be completely different.

https://www.reddit.com/r/GroqInc/

It could be worth a try to make a post here, but I doubt it would work. This yearning is just so painful. Having a product not in demand is the worst thing ever.

It is all the ML community's fault. If they gave me algorithms that can beat poker cleanly I would not be in this mess.

4:30pm. Well, let me try it.

https://www.anandtech.com/tag/tenstorrent

Oh lol, I almost posted it on the wrong Reddit. I was wondering why I could not find the AnandTech interview link.

Though I should post it on the Groq one as well if this fails.

https://www.reddit.com/r/Tenstorrent/

///

As the 20s proceed, novel AI hardware to replace GPUs will arrive at the scene, but by the looks of things Python + C++ seems like it will be a dominant combination for programming them. This is a huge pity as we could do better than languages created in the 80s and 70s for programming hardware created in the 2020s. I am trying to change this destiny with [Spiral](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language).

Apart from some special features to control inlining and specialization which make it suitable for hardware with no dynamic memory allocation capability like the GPUs, Spiral is quite similar to languages like F# and OCaml. It has static typing, global type inference, first class functions, records, tuples, unions and more as any competent functional language would. Unlike toy languages, it has a well done language server - if you want to try out the language, it is as simple as installing its plugin in the VS Code marketplace. About 3 years of full time work went into it.

I read the [Anandtech interview](https://www.anandtech.com/show/16709/an-interview-with-tenstorrent-ceo-ljubisa-bajic-and-cto-jim-keller) by the CEO and CTO of TensTorrent who expressed their desire to support general purpose programming on their chips. I'd like to support that. If you are sincere in that desire you should consider giving me a [grant](https://opencollective.com/spiral-collective) and access to your hardware so I can create a ref counted C backend for Spiral.

This should make them a lot easier to program in than raw C, I can promise you that.

I myself am personally interested in using the hardware and would do some evolutionary RL stuff and game dev which would serve as a demo.

Background: See my [resume](https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSe88lhaoSZaF-YHKeiA_RlpkPwzLetrIAoY2v6ckbaLn59QQ95nvMC-Cc13hxDsLzVJ-KGE824S1bF/pub).

Would you be interested in supporting language development for your hardware?

///

Let me go with this. Probably some members of the company should see it and think about it. I tried emailing the CEO directly months ago, but that did not work. And I am certainly not going to go through HR. For such an offer, doing it on their social media page would at least get them to think about it."

---
## [Anmia/AdventOfCode2021](https://github.com/Anmia/AdventOfCode2021)@[cd24834cea...](https://github.com/Anmia/AdventOfCode2021/commit/cd24834cea943ae489584c735337ff222a0b7ada)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 17:50:10 by scheimag

you know what, no bloody funny stuff today! Spent 8 hours on this and even looking at others code didn't bloody help. Kinda want to cry, but mostly crush my work pc...

---
## [ramuuns/aoc](https://github.com/ramuuns/aoc)@[4c2a9c68a7...](https://github.com/ramuuns/aoc/commit/4c2a9c68a70eab55faaaa0d71d451290e8e283d0)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 18:57:18 by RamÅ«ns Usovs

Elixir is insane!!!

I mean:
```
def prepare_data([input]) do
  len = byte_size(input)
  num = input |> String.to_integer(16)
  <<num::integer-size(len)-unit(4)>>
end
```

I just turned a long-ass-string into a number that I can treat like a
regular-old int IN ONE GO, like it was "FF" or something. And then, we
just IN ONE GO convert that shit to bitstream, which we then
pattern-match on.

MADNESS!!

YOU CAN'T DO THAT SHIT

I mean I _know_ where this comes from, but like once you actually try
this, it's ... fucking awesome is what it is.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[438c1028e9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/438c1028e90381da1608a73c5ec208b15279ecd9)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 19:13:35 by Marko GrdiniÄ‡

"https://www.reddit.com/r/Tenstorrent/comments/rhtuxn/seeking_a_sponsor_for_a_functional_programming/

Here it is. Now instead of dwelling in my own mind let me finally watch some videos. I am going to try TensTorrent and Groq, and maybe Graphcore, but if that fails, there really is no point in putting any more investment into Spiral. It will have to stay dead for a few years while I do other things. I should have done this a few months ago, as it would be the ideal way of getting feedback. Instead I wasted my time trying to go through regular channels.

Let me watch a video by Grant.

I need to lift my spirit.

https://www.blenderkit.com/articles/introducing-texture-resolutions-for-models-materials-and-hdrs/

Where do I find the textures for BlenderKit?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ax_x_L5AmI
How to use Blender Kit Online Asset Library Addon in Blender 2.8 Series - Addon Tutorial Series

Let me just watch this again.

https://youtu.be/7ax_x_L5AmI?t=94

Ah, right. I need to select the material. But that just gives me the wood node instead of a texture. I am not sure how to deal with that.

5:30pm. Ok, nevermind. I get it. While the materials are good, they aren't what I need here. I need actual textures.

https://ambientcg.com/view?id=Bricks075A

Let me go for bricks. Oh wow, the 16k version is 1.7Gb. I'll go for the smallest one.

5:45pm. I do not know why, but seams from islands refuses to work for me.

Ah, I get it. I need to select it all on the UV side as well. Right.

6:10pm. I have no idea. The normal map simply refuses to work. I'll have to figure that out later.

6:15pm. Focus me, what is next?

https://youtu.be/OFxeVQOZ8nY
Nodes 4 Noobs | Lvl 5 | PBR MATERIALS | Beginners Guide to Nodes

How about this?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4H5W6C_Mbck
How to make Photorealistic Materials in Blender, using the Principled Shader

He recommends that I watch a video on PBRs first. So let me do it. It is 38m long.

https://youtu.be/4H5W6C_Mbck?t=388

Ah, wait. If the principled shader replaces the other ones, what about the transparent shader? Should it not replace it as well? It should be possible, but I haven't managed to get the alpha settings to do anything. It might be worth asking on SO later.

https://youtu.be/4H5W6C_Mbck?t=972

This is interesting. I suppose it would be good for skin.

7:05pm. Done with lunch. Let me watch the video to completion.

https://youtu.be/4H5W6C_Mbck?t=1219

This is a very informative video on the principal shader. It really was the right choice to watch it.

7:30pm. https://youtu.be/4H5W6C_Mbck?t=2151

Ahh, so this is how normal maps should be used.

7:30pm. It works, it works. It looks quite nice when seen from a distance. Though now I am quite interested in how displacement maps work.

7:40pm. Ok, I think I get what clearcoat is. It does not seem like it has a color related to it. Some of these effects are really subtle. Let me go back to the video by Grant.

7:45pm. The idea of using Reddit to seek sponsors like this is a really good one, though my emotional reaction to it is numbed. I should have done this as my very first move. Lack of experience leads to bad decisions. But I would not have thought of it to begin with had I not stepped away from the screen to just think.

https://youtu.be/OFxeVQOZ8nY?t=147

Ah, so this is how you plug in a HDRI. I'll remember it this time.

https://youtu.be/OFxeVQOZ8nY?t=222

I had no idea you could just drag the files like this directly. This is quite nice.

7:55pm. https://youtu.be/OFxeVQOZ8nY?t=407

Why doesn't he just use a sphere projection? Also why does the UV map do that by default?

8pm. https://youtu.be/al3vR6ySXfo
Nodes 4 Noobs | Lvl 6 | Displacement | Beginners Guide to Nodes

I'll leave this for tomorrow. Right now, I am in a slump, but I will work through it. I can only blame my own lack of skill for having to rely on the whims of fate to give me my opportunity.

Life is long, and even if I spend a couple of things doing creative work, it is not like programming skills will disappear. I haven't riden a bike in two decades, but I have confidence that I'd be able to do it regardless.

It is not like I do not want to work, but I definitely do not want to work on things outside my interest zone. Long projects like a PL require transparency around one's intentions. If AI chips go the C route despite my wishes, the benefits of Spiral will remain just for myself, but that is a benefit on its own.

Getting good at art will be difficult, but what are few years here and there? Compared to the last 7, I'll master this in a flash.

Right, before I close...

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/90392/how-do-i-get-transparency-to-work-with-the-principled-bsdf-shader

Exactly what I wanted to ask.

...This is an interesting way of doing it, but just what is the principled alpha doing then?

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/46424/add-a-transparent-image-on-top-of-a-material/

I do not have the mental energy to parse all this right now. I'll do more research into the question tomorrow. I feel like transparency should be achievable in just the principled shader, but I do not know how.

Assuming I can focus, tomorrow I should be able to the rest of the series and get back to the piece I am working on. That should be more fun than just watching tuts for hours on end."

---
## [ZoopFromTheDungeons/ZoopFromTheDungeons.github.io](https://github.com/ZoopFromTheDungeons/ZoopFromTheDungeons.github.io)@[359b981907...](https://github.com/ZoopFromTheDungeons/ZoopFromTheDungeons.github.io/commit/359b981907e2b3e16c46305d988d4e3c43f91898)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 19:31:00 by Julian

fuck you knights lance right with stupid bf cannon who invented you guys anyway it works now

---
## [AptudeSiGRHA/waifus](https://github.com/AptudeSiGRHA/waifus)@[5123307404...](https://github.com/AptudeSiGRHA/waifus/commit/5123307404c25bf8cf6296b6f859bbc6c04fdc46)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 20:47:50 by dem4ply

	Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great
crystal river.  Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs
and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and
resisting the current what each had learned from birth.  But one creature
said at last, "I trust that the current knows where it is going.  I shall
let go, and let it take me where it will.  Clinging, I shall die of boredom."
	The other creatures laughed and said, "Fool!  Let go, and that current
you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will
die quicker than boredom!"
	But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at
once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.  Yet, in time,
as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the
bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
	And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, "See
a miracle!  A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!  See the Messiah, come
to save us all!"  And the one carried in the current said, "I am no more
Messiah than you.  The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
	But they cried the more, "Saviour!" all the while clinging to the
rocks, making legends of a Saviour.
		-- Richard Bach

---
## [chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile](https://github.com/chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile)@[2e2629fd24...](https://github.com/chrisbobbe/zulip-mobile/commit/2e2629fd24fc82863081dd40f58313e9cd7d3095)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 21:02:18 by Chris Bobbe

keyboard-avoiding ios: Begin forking RN's KeyboardAvoidingView

From
  node_modules/react-native/Libraries/Components/Keyboard/KeyboardAvoidingView.js
with v0.64.2 of `react-native`.

We'll make the fork usable soon, not in this pure copy-paste commit.

We don't like this implementation (see, e.g., 70eca0716, which took
a lot of painstaking investigation), but we want to fix #5162 as
soon as we can.

For a not-quite-perfect attempt at reimplementing it from scratch in
our style (and with #5162 fixed), see my branch
`reimplement-keyboard-avoiding-view` on GitHub.

We can't easily make a jank-free solution in a normal React Native
way because we can't have perfect information about the layout on
every frame. React Native exposes it to us by consuming event
listeners and providing asynchronous query functions, and we end up
having to learn about different aspects of the layout at different
times.

The best hope for a jank-free solution is to use native iOS APIs. If
we're feeling adventurous and we find the time, we should really try
hard to make React Native play along with iOS's
`keyboardLayoutGuide` API (iOS 15+).

The first four minutes of this video should be really useful
background on the `keyboardLayoutGuide` feature:
  https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2021/10259/

It works within iOS's "Auto Layout" system:
  https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/UserExperience/Conceptual/AutolayoutPG/index.html

But then we'd have to go and

(a) Make a native component:
      https://reactnative.dev/docs/native-components-ios

(b) Figure out how to make React Native's propagate-from-JavaScript
    layout system (Yoga) not fight with the native iOS layout
    system, including "Auto Layout" and `keyboardLayoutGuide`.
    Possibly we can pick up some clues from
    `react-native-safe-area-context` for this?

From another angle, since the jank is regularly seen on screen
orientation changes between portrait and landscape, we could
consider just unsupporting the landscape orientation. On very common
device types, like phones, it's just not as easy to use the app in,
especially for composing messages.

---
## [Nom771/citizenbot](https://github.com/Nom771/citizenbot)@[f9a734b5a5...](https://github.com/Nom771/citizenbot/commit/f9a734b5a5e2224f7b3858daabd5369e9bdb0cc4)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 23:32:19 by DESKTOP-6KFATCQ\miked

removed "fuck you" in infohandler, did a little trolling

---
## [duarte-sardao/aoc2021](https://github.com/duarte-sardao/aoc2021)@[502c54150b...](https://github.com/duarte-sardao/aoc2021/commit/502c54150b76becc3080761620ee80b1539dacbe)
#### Thursday 2021-12-16 23:50:19 by Duarte

todays one seemed like a pain in the arse so i went back and holy shit its so easy what was i thinking

---

# [<](2021-12-15.md) 2021-12-16 [>](2021-12-17.md)

