# [<](2021-02-13.md) 2021-02-14 [>](2021-02-15.md)

1,865,463 events, 1,058,399 push events, 1,518,850 commit messages, 85,628,258 characters


## [P-404/android_packages_apps_404Launcher](https://github.com/P-404/android_packages_apps_404Launcher)@[8e1aa1b81a...](https://github.com/P-404/android_packages_apps_404Launcher/commit/8e1aa1b81abb1075817694624bc4ce8302416747)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 00:27:50 by Alex Cruz

404Launcher: Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[8e0e56b799...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/8e0e56b7992ef0d91c0d191f4789eca9a5528821)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 01:22:14 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-02-13: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (MB, NB, NL, SK).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “The data also report 33 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 10,201 due to the withdrawal of 5 deaths that the investigation has shown not to be attributable to COVID-19. Among these 33 deaths, 5 have occurred in the last 24 hours, 21 have occurred between February 6 and February 11 and 7 have occurred before February 6.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [Idain/pokecrystal](https://github.com/Idain/pokecrystal)@[24b35b6c16...](https://github.com/Idain/pokecrystal/commit/24b35b6c166f798d8f96b3b8e2dc392afa1e6707)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 01:24:34 by Idain

AI changes to Red, Blue and Twins + Red's team has been revamped

The Twin's AI was stupidly basic (which is understandable, because they're kids, but still), so I added at least the AI_BASIC constant.

Red and Blue are a little more annoying thanks to AI_OPPORTUNIST. If you're low in HP, heal yourself because God won't give you a second chance.

Finally, Red's team items and moveset have been slightly changed to be more challenging; after all, he's the final boss of the game.

---
## [Shamazo/configure_me](https://github.com/Shamazo/configure_me)@[8775752a09...](https://github.com/Shamazo/configure_me/commit/8775752a0922ec174872fe645ae5b8fc6abec41f)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 03:39:22 by hamish

add readme changes generated with # configure_me

This crate aims to help with reading configuration of application from files,
environment variables and command line arguments, merging it together and
validating. It auto-generates most of the code for you based on configuration (heh)
file. It creates a struct for you, which contains all the parsed and validated
fields, so you can access the information quickly easily and idiomatically.

This is currently only a facade for the dependencies, the core of the crate is in
`configure_me_codegen` crate.

**Important:** In order to use this crate, you need to create a build script using
`configure_me_codegen` to generate the code that will use this crate! See the example.

Wait a second, why this crate doesn't use derive?
-------------------------------------------------

I'd love to use derive. Unfortunately it doesn't compose well with man page generation and other tooling.

For a longer version, see [docs/why\_not\_derive.md](docs/why_not_derive.md)

Example
-------

Let's say, your application needs these parametrs to run:

* Port - this is mandatory
* IP address to bind to - defaults to 0.0.0.0
* Path to TLS certificate - optional, the server will be unsecure if not given
* RunFast - switch, if present the server will run in fast mode

First create `config_spec.toml` configuration file specifying all the parameters:

```toml
[[param]]
# short param, e.g -p
abbr = "p"
# long arg, e.g --port
name = "port"
type = "u16"
optional = false

# This text will be used in the documentation (help etc)
# It's not mandatory, but your progam will be ugly without it.
doc = "Port to listen on."

[[param]]
name = "bind_addr"
# merge from env var. e.g BIND_ADDR
env_var = true
# Yes, this works and  you can use your own T: Deserialize + ParseArg as well!
type = "::std::net::Ipv4Addr"
default = "::std::net::Ipv4Addr::new(0, 0, 0, 0)" # Rust expression that creates the value
doc = "IP address to bind to."

[[param]]
name = "tls_cert"
type = "::std::path::PathBuf"
doc = "Path to the TLS certificate. The connections will be unsecure if it isn't provided."
# optional = true is the default, no need to add it here
# If the type is optional, it will be represented as Option<T>
# e.g. Option<::std::path::PathBuf> in this case.

[[switch]]
# switches are parsed as bools, true if present false otherwise
name = "run_fast"
doc = "Will make the server run in fast mode"
```

Then, create a simple build script:

```rust
extern crate configure_me;

fn main() {
    configure_me::build_script_auto().unwrap_or_exit();
}
```

Add dependencies to `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[package]
# ...
build = "build.rs"

# This tells auto build script and other tools where to look for your specificcation
[package.metadata.configure_me]
spec = "config_spec.toml"

[dependencies]
configure_me = "0.3.3"

[build-dependencies]
configure_me_codegen = "0.3.3"
```

And finally add appropriate incantations into `src/main.rs`:

```rust
#[macro_use]
extern crate configure_me;

include_config!();

fn main() {
    // This will read configuration from "/etc/my_awesome_server/server.conf" file, environment variables and
    // the command-line arguments.
    let (server_config, _remaining_args) = Config::including_optional_config_files(&["/etc/my_awesome_server/server.conf]").unwrap_or_exit();

    // Your code here
    // E.g.:
    let listener = std::net::TcpListener::bind((server_config.bind_addr, server_config.port)).expect("Failed to bind socket");
}
```
Configuration
-------------
Configuration of the code generation is set in the same toml file as the specification
```toml
[general]
# Prefix for all env vars - enables all env vars by default if present
build = "build.rs"

# The name of the parameter which, if specified causes parameter parsing to
# immediately load a config file, parse it, and override all configuration
# provided so far with that file.
conf_file_param = "/path/to/conf/file.toml"
```
If you need to generate different files for multiple binaries, create a separate file for each binary and then define them separately in `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[package.metadata.configure_me.bin]
# config for binary foo
foo = "foo_config_spec.toml"
# config for binary bar
bar = "bar_config_spec.toml"
```

And include the file in `foo` like this:

```rust
include_config!("foo");
```

This needs to be specific because there's no way to detect binary name.

License: MITNFA

---
## [alexhb1/mapUON](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON)@[90534079fe...](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON/commit/90534079fe4db44ebb15cf9437283a6c0df8ec87)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 04:42:20 by PennSylvannia

patches

a lot of minor shit, there could be more but i don't know for certain. let's hope their aint or im going to be drinking a lot
also fuck the new map, all my homies hate new maps

---
## [Charliekenney23/vscode-go](https://github.com/Charliekenney23/vscode-go)@[23004676f8...](https://github.com/Charliekenney23/vscode-go/commit/23004676f84d804bbb5fe0b57827d938dc278013)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 07:23:15 by Rebecca Stambler

[release] docs: update troubleshooting documentation

Update a few broken links and create a comprehensive troubleshooting
guide. Still needs more detail, particularly since the gopls, modules,
and GOPATH documentation is still missing.

I'd love to delete the FAQ entirely -- anything worth saying
should already be in the documentation, so the information should just
be made more accessible. I tried to delete as much as possible, but some
leftovers will still have to be cleaned up in follow-up CLs. I'll
convert that section to "Known issues" which is more helpful.

Change-Id: Ie7073f9548cdbfe34af42f04d9ce5136eb1070b7
Reviewed-on: https://go-review.googlesource.com/c/vscode-go/+/236757
Reviewed-by: Hyang-Ah Hana Kim <hyangah@gmail.com>
(cherry picked from commit cf9d16beba4a503d24e7b1fe2ffab45085b87208)
Reviewed-on: https://go-review.googlesource.com/c/vscode-go/+/236959

---
## [BurgerLUA/burgerstation](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation)@[3262520ee9...](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation/commit/3262520ee92b9103dd8d4290861d31318452b6af)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 09:47:05 by Autisem

Add the body bag (#125)

* code done

* port item sprite and use coffin placeholder

* fucky wucky

* jannie now too

* ok PENNATH

* need retry map dif

* $$$

* untested shoe horned add size

* fuck you bike horn

---
## [petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts)@[abcb678b0d...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony-and-vue-part-2-symfonycasts/commit/abcb678b0debee09c260cf41f8b80bd1ddf46898)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 10:43:50 by petrero

44.4. Losing Reactivity

To do this without repeating ourselves, let's add a new method called getEmptyValidationErrors() that will return an object. Go up to our initial data, steal those fields, head down and paste. Perfect.
We can use this up inside data(): validationErrors set to this.getEmptyValidationErrors(). Do the same thing down here in onSubmit(): this.getEmptyValidationErrors().
Let's check it! Go back to the checkout form, submit it... see the errors, type a name, hit tab and... it's gone! Reactivity is back!
Let's celebrate by removing the console.log().
Woh team, we're done! You did it! You are now massively dangerous in Vue. So go build something really cool and tell us about it. I would love to know.
In a future tutorial, we'll cover the Vue 3 composition API: that's the really big new, optional feature in Vue 3 that has the potential to make sharing code and data a lot nicer.
If there's something else that you want to know about, let us know down in the comments.
Alright friends, see you next time!

---
## [canghaiyishengxiao2021/dadonggua](https://github.com/canghaiyishengxiao2021/dadonggua)@[cab43b07e7...](https://github.com/canghaiyishengxiao2021/dadonggua/commit/cab43b07e758be32f634d168b3406fd311fb5908)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 12:00:57 by canghaiyishengxiao2021

Update Ponysitters_Club_Season.js

　The tempo of modern civilization has been much quickened in the last twenty years。 While witnessing the dramatic changes in the better-off society， people begin to reconsider the question of "survival"。 "Survival" in the old sense does not bother us anymore。 Instead， we are more concerned about how to "survive" in the human world full of petition。

　　Competition always carries abreast challenges and opportunities to everyone involved。 It might appear in an entrance exam， in a regular class， or in a small public speech。 Those who fail to detect its real nature-whether an opportunity or a challenge a petition really is- will lose something more or less conducive to our growth。 Of course， if we take the petition as an opportunity， we will favor it intentionally because they can help us outstand from the average; they will make us bee the focus of public attention; they will grant us more chances and rights to succeed。 As a matter of fact， opportunities are supposed to be more perceptible and weling than challenges。 The truth is， however， we will lose more opportunities when we choose to take the "opportunity" fork at the crossroads。 The other fork， ignored by us and defined as "fearful challenges"， offers much more chances for the walker in petition。

　　We have such an inclination in life to overestimate ourselves and hold a thoughtless attitude towards the negative outlook of things。

　　We believe in the old saying， "Opportunity knocks but just once，" so we always wele it and devote all our spirit and efforts to it。 The most devout believer of this saying are the graduates。 Why? There are quite a number of them who pay full attention to positions in big cities and are willing to flood into developed areas under any circumstances， even though there will be too much uncertainty for their choices。 Innumerable cases go straight to the same miserable end: God seems to refuse to help too many of His worshipers。

　　In conclusion， to define the quuality of petition seems to be far from valuable sense， for no matter what a petition is， an opportunity or a challenge， it will create nutritious elements for our growth。

　　So take a positive look at everything around。 Keep our face to the sunshine， and we will not see the shadows。

---
## [Akuli/porcupine](https://github.com/Akuli/porcupine)@[148a116682...](https://github.com/Akuli/porcupine/commit/148a116682992af84e0c91b3cee748e3de2b3d21)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 15:50:33 by Akuli

add debug print for our dear fucking friend windows piece of shit

---
## [DABRiXPERT/APKOFIWIT](https://github.com/DABRiXPERT/APKOFIWIT)@[ad5856ad64...](https://github.com/DABRiXPERT/APKOFIWIT/commit/ad5856ad6448d31cdaa9519f69bb445fe336e3c6)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 17:09:44 by DABRiXPERT

SETTING PAGE COMPLETE.
FUCK YEAH
VIEW AND CONTEXT SUCKS.

[2021.02.15_0109_+0800]

---
## [gdnsd/gdnsd](https://github.com/gdnsd/gdnsd)@[d24791dcfa...](https://github.com/gdnsd/gdnsd/commit/d24791dcfab3cf4b8b8e3f56e0b2b3850ea859bc)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 18:30:18 by Brandon L Black

TCP: stricter registry management

ThreadSanitizer pointed at a potential data race between
dnsio_tcp_request_threads_stop()'s access to thr->stop_watcher and
the free(thr) that happens just before a tcp thread actually
exits, and this commit "fixes" it by adding an unregister function
and putting explicit locks around all related operations.

Technically, I don't think there was a real bug here that anyone
could hit at runtime.  There are logical constraints the sanitizer
can't see: that the free() can only be reached during clean
termination, which is triggered by request_threads_stop anyways,
thus ensuring that the stop function's access to thr happens
before (causes) the eventual free(), combined with the fact that
the stop function is only called once from main().

But still: it's a bad smell and I'd rather just be over-cautious
and future-proof, since adding these locks and calls doesn't
harm anything in the perf-critical fast paths.

We already fixed the other side of this once (the sequencing at
startup) in f5ea429ca a couple years ago, so it's not like there
isn't potential for further bugs, especially if we make more TCP
changes down the line and get confused.

[Side note - in general the current code isn't amenable to
analysis with ThreadSanitizer, because TSan doesn't grok what
we're doing with various lock-free mechanisms like our
stats-gathering hacks and our liburcu data swaps + reclaims.
However, I do have some prototype code which uses C11 atomics for
the stats and swaps out userspace-rcu with a C11 atomics variant
that's just for this kind of testing as well, which cleans things
up well enough that TSan is no longer confused, so that I can use
it to look for issues like this one.  I think those bits will make
it into 4.x, so that we can easily build a development copy of the
code that's TSan friendly, but for now it's not easy to try TSan
on the master branch for yourself because of all the RCU/stats
false-positives]

---
## [rorydale/pointbreakradio](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio)@[91aace7231...](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio/commit/91aace723109b6ff82d2edd5753f89414697ff38)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 20:22:04 by Rory Dale

2021-02-14

Sunday, February 14th, 2021 - the (musical) Feast of Saint Valentine show! With love from around the world, Dave Tongue and I have curated something special for you on this 14th day of February. Whether you’re flying solo, or neck deep in affection, there’s sure to be something to tickle your fancy! Warning: This show contains the words "Wet Ass Pussy!" 😉

---
## [Maldaris/WaspStation-1.0](https://github.com/Maldaris/WaspStation-1.0)@[568910b4a6...](https://github.com/Maldaris/WaspStation-1.0/commit/568910b4a6685e2a4fcd1660861157b703127187)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 20:42:11 by Shayne Fitzgerald

every fucking language has their snowflake else if implementation and I'll be damned if I remember them all

---
## [geraseva/cyclegan_maps](https://github.com/geraseva/cyclegan_maps)@[f8841a0af4...](https://github.com/geraseva/cyclegan_maps/commit/f8841a0af45b04485aa41302d4b25cc678a87137)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 22:21:42 by geraseva

{"nbformat":4,"nbformat_minor":0,"metadata":{"colab":{"name":"gan.ipynb","provenance":[],"collapsed_sections":[]},"kernelspec":{"name":"python3","display_name":"Python 3"},"accelerator":"GPU"},"cells":[{"cell_type":"markdown","metadata":{"id":"7rtq7HaEf-hn"},"source":["# Image generation\r\n","\r\n","С помошью CycleGAN я пыталась превратить спутниковые снимки в карты для DnD. Ссылка на проект на github: https://github.com/geraseva/cyclegan_maps/. \r\n","\r\n","В папке scripts лежат коды для обучения сети (cyclegan.py), для трансформации одной картинки (apply.py), загрузчики датасетов с картинками (data_loader.py) и архитектуры сетей (networks.py). \r\n","#  \r\n","В папке datasets лежат датасеты для обучения. В папке google_maps лежат спутниковые снимки, этот датасет я брала отсюда: https://people.eecs.berkeley.edu/~taesung_park/CycleGAN/datasets/maps.zip.\r\n","В папке city_maps лежат карты городов для DnD. Их я скачивала отсюда https://www.reddit.com/r/dndmaps/ с помошью этой программы https://github.com/sammax/reddit-image-downloader. В папке city_maps_new лежат карты городов, порезанные до нужного масштаба (вручную) и приведенные к размеру 600 на 600. \r\n","#  \r\n","В папке weights лежат веса для модели. \r\n","#  \r\n","Далее идет код для обучения модели. Я сделала репозиторий на своем гугл диске и подключалась к нему из колаба"]},{"cell_type":"code","metadata":{"id":"0KORtBXqtpIe","colab":{"base_uri":"https://localhost:8080/"},"executionInfo":{"status":"ok","timestamp":1613325641979,"user_tz":-180,"elapsed":31216,"user":{"displayName":"Герасева Елизавета","photoUrl":"","userId":"17999036634191993805"}},"outputId":"d4151cdf-e7e2-4d8b-fff9-aa67b49f3597"},"source":["from google.colab import drive\n","drive.mount('/content/drive')"],"execution_count":1,"outputs":[{"output_type":"stream","text":["Mounted at /content/drive\n"],"name":"stdout"}]},{"cell_type":"code","metadata":{"colab":{"base_uri":"https://localhost:8080/"},"id":"gBvq7QH7xtw4","executionInfo":{"status":"ok","timestamp":1613312864190,"user_tz":-180,"elapsed":804,"user":{"displayName":"Павел Гер","photoUrl":"","userId":"12887675639928969316"}},"outputId":"5ebea739-bf50-46de-a6ca-2df49ecc4f18"},"source":["%cd drive/MyDrive/\r\n","! git clone https://github.com/geraseva/cyclegan_maps.git "],"execution_count":null,"outputs":[{"output_type":"stream","text":["datasets  scripts  weights\n"],"name":"stdout"}]},{"cell_type":"code","metadata":{"colab":{"base_uri":"https://localhost:8080/"},"id":"8KJUM6WIZ8_8","executionInfo":{"status":"ok","timestamp":1613325650054,"user_tz":-180,"elapsed":1811,"user":{"displayName":"Герасева Елизавета","photoUrl":"","userId":"17999036634191993805"}},"outputId":"6e7b6129-cf44-4644-c74b-a740a15ef5ad"},"source":["%cd drive/MyDrive/cyclegan_maps\r\n","!ls"],"execution_count":2,"outputs":[{"output_type":"stream","text":["/content/drive/MyDrive/cyclegan_maps\n","datasets  gan.ipynb  scripts  weights\n"],"name":"stdout"}]},{"cell_type":"code","metadata":{"id":"q7xRIDgylPST","executionInfo":{"status":"ok","timestamp":1613325651752,"user_tz":-180,"elapsed":1860,"user":{"displayName":"Герасева Елизавета","photoUrl":"","userId":"17999036634191993805"}}},"source":["!git config --global user.name 'geraseva'\r\n","!git config --global user.email 'geraseva@fbb.msu.ru'"],"execution_count":3,"outputs":[]},{"cell_type":"code","metadata":{"colab":{"base_uri":"https://localhost:8080/"},"id":"ZZBGme--aGo8","executionInfo":{"status":"ok","timestamp":1613326945574,"user_tz":-180,"elapsed":32089,"user":{"displayName":"Герасева Елизавета","photoUrl":"","userId":"17999036634191993805"}},"outputId":"3aa15546-40a0-4ec8-f4f0-1f4ba6f57d62"},"source":["# Это код для сохранения прогресса на github\r\n","#!git add scripts/cyclegan.py \r\n","#!git add weights/\r\n","!git add datasets/\r\n","#!git add gan.ipynb\r\n","#! git commit -F scripts/cyclegan.py\r\n","#! git commit -F weights/ -m \"better than nothing\"\r\n","! git commit datasets/\r\n","! git commit -F gan.ipynb\r\n","\r\n","!git push -u origin main"],"execution_count":6,"outputs":[{"output_type":"stream","text":["hint: Waiting for your editor to close the file... error: unable to start editor 'editor'\n","Please supply the message using either -m or -F option.\n","On branch main\n","Your branch is ahead of 'origin/main' by 1 commit.\n","  (use \"git push\" to publish your local commits)\n","\n","Changes not staged for commit:\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-04-17-23-10-23-becfdi-hanruhm-town-map-oc.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-04-19-00-43-09-ber57d-map-of-a-city-i-made-for-a-friends-session.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-05-05-06-35-23-bktdo3-first-map-i-have-built.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-05-06-19-35-32-bledtz-my-first-town-map-any-feedback-criticism-would-be-greatly-appreciated.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-06-03-00-50-28-bw2rkg-dnd-pen-and-paper-map-drawn-and-digitised-today-quite-new-to-digital-painting-all-feedback-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-06-04-20-48-26-bwro1u-colour-version-of-my-village-map-from-the-other-day-still-trying-to-perfect-digital-painting-technique-so-all-feedback-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-06-09-14-15-44-byj7qs-another-hand-drawn-map-from-me-still-trying-to-get-digital-colouring-right-so-please-let-me-know-where-i-can-improve-cheers.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-06-18-19-47-26-c24leb-oc-homebrew-city-map-of-levermore.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-06-23-15-05-07-c43k0a-updated-dnd-map-for-my-homebrew-city-of-verante-hand-drawn-and-coloured-in-ps-all-feedback-welcome-atthe_reclusive_cartographer.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-06-26-10-33-38-c5mvon-map-of-crossing-sotdl.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-07-01-04-38-45-c7mgde-this-is-illuskan-a-city-in-the-north-of-the-trilys-empire-homebrew-made-with-inkarnate-its-the-first-city-map-ive-ever-made-so-i-would-really-appreciate-any-tips.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-07-03-20-28-33-c8qx6e-loiss-denvo-a-forest-city-map-video-in-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-08-01-03-51-26-ckh62p-the-town-of-ironway-made-for-my-homebrew-terrain-inspired-by-the-map-sandpoint.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-08-06-19-58-46-cmt6mh-oc-art-my-first-big-city-map-took-3-years-on-and-off-for-me-to-finish-drawing-it-i-hope-my-party-members-will-like-it.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-08-07-02-02-45-cmxm7j-the-port-city-of-marsier-map-made-for-a-campaign-im-running-in-september.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-08-16-01-48-40-cqxdyu-just-finished-this-city-map-for-a-homebrew-campaign-i-am-running-with-a-few-friends-hope-you-guys-enjoy.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-08-17-23-55-41-crrtiu-oc-city-map-falkerstone-city.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-09-03-11-24-31-cz20ia-trying-to-source-this-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-09-16-01-14-34-d4ri8e-oc-greywall-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-10-02-16-17-12-dca2pu-tiny-village-map-for-our-homebrew-5e-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-10-08-02-41-18-deru4c-inkarnate-im-really-excited-for-my-urban-campaign-because-this-map-came-out-so-well.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-10-08-16-16-29-dezt6o-hey-been-suggested-to-me-by-the-inkarnate-team-to-post-one-of-my-maps-here-so-yeah-here-you-go-enjoy-i-removed-all-signs-posts-so-feel-free-to-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-10-16-23-38-01-divdys-heres-a-version-of-my-forestcreek-map-without-the-signs-and-place-names-my-first-map-made-with-inkarnate-3.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-10-19-22-27-24-dk8fat-since-you-all-enjoyed-my-first-map-heres-another-one-the-city-of-novigrad-removed-all-signs-posts-so-feel-free-to-use.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-10-20-17-06-47-dkk1ow-city-of-aynlun-inkarnate-and-photoshop-map-with-no-signs-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-11-05-01-03-39-drp166-new-town-map-for-new-campaign-made-with-inkarnate-early-access.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-11-07-15-35-16-dsx46x-recently-discovered-inkarnate-and-this-is-my-first-map-a-generic-small-town.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-11-09-17-11-20-dtwdri-startington-my-first-map-using-gimp-and-watabou.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-11-14-18-47-24-dwba4y-city-of-inigmia-first-city-map-made.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-11-18-21-17-20-dy6zhj-elven-exotic-merchant-city-map-made-with-inkarnate-1-0-early-access-unannotated-for-your-using-pleasure.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-11-25-00-09-29-e14qia-top-half-of-capital-city-3-maps-stitched-together.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-11-25-23-09-49-e1lu2e-town-map-inkarnate.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-12-05-14-46-41-e6g3k7-my-regional-inn-map-for-a-homebrew-made-with-inkarnate-pro.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-12-11-16-43-09-e979fr-follow-up-on-my-last-remix-map-now-with-explorable-rooms-79x99-urza_is_mine-gogots-daxcrls-others.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-12-23-22-42-45-eepfmt-the-village-of-helmfirth-a-map-i-drew-for-a-bit-of-practice-cc-or-world-building-suggestions-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-12-26-13-04-57-eftr34-17th-century-map-of-antwerp-belgium-from-r-papertowns.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2019-12-31-18-40-53-ei4eee-pirate-island-partner-to-the-pirate-port-map-i-made.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-04-09-42-47-ejt4pn-a-lot-of-people-really-liked-the-map-i-made-of-talsta-for-my-homebrew-world-of-tesoro-so-heres-the-completed-map-of-the-city-hotol-feedback-is-of-course-welcome.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-12-18-00-31-enoequ-wip-screen-print-of-a-very-smal-part-of-a-city-map-i-am-wokring-on-atm.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-14-04-33-49-eoe1uc-high-res-city-map-playing-with-perspective-so-a-bit-unconventional.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-18-07-39-44-eqbxou-town-of-belnue-a-little-simple-but-the-first-city-map-ive-made-would-love-some-criticism.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-20-21-54-05-erhnw5-accompanying-the-oc-phandalin-marketplace-map-i-posted-earlier-here-is-the-full-version-of-the-expanded-town-in-my-current-game.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-24-03-49-03-et2kv8-pinewood-the-newest-map-creation-for-my-homebrew-still-not-as-amazing-as-most-of-the-work-youll-see-here-but-a-much-better-attempt-at-map-creation-than-my-initial-outing.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-01-25-00-10-08-etgo5z-my-take-on-a-map-of-secomber-from-the-forgotten-realms.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-08-07-08-49-f0mcmb-a-map-of-a-major-city-from-my-homebrew-campaign-stormhold.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-09-13-02-12-f16qj7-high-resolution-capital-map-french-edition-from-1615.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-10-03-01-13-f1hmwv-map-of-the-town-of-herzog-for-my-homebrew-dnd-campaign-i-dm-the-original-sketch-was-by-me-but-my-friend-u-saxophonistspace-made-this-awesome-color-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-14-08-13-57-f3ne1v-my-first-completed-map-can-share-progress.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-16-02-03-31-f4hdqv-my-longest-9h-and-most-ambitious-map-old-valencia.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-20-06-02-21-f6mgm0-map-of-the-port-of-aegis-i-made-it-via-inkarnate-for-a-dnd-campaign-that-ended-because-of-drama-i-think-that-yall-would-appreciate-it-though.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-23-22-21-51-f8ea5v-a-map-of-a-mining-village-i-put-together-for-my-next-session.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-02-28-12-16-37-fas3os-oc-my-second-map-and-drawn-for-my-campaign-using-photoshop-meet-yortriv-info-in-comments.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-03-01-06-02-31-fbnvkb-tried-colourizing-an-old-map-of-mine-welcome-to-jacobs-spur.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-03-16-18-21-09-fjmm4v-mont-saint-michel-the-great-french-fortress-abbey-drawn-directly-from-floor-plans-where-possible-one-of-the-biggest-maps-ive-ever-made-there-are-useful-things-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-03-29-14-29-36-fr4icg-i-was-encouraged-to-post-my-map-here-the-city-of-vejstrup.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-03-31-19-27-22-fsg01u-port-hope-unlabeled-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-04-03-14-25-25-fu6plk-fantasy-map-version-of-my-home-village-in-france.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-04-07-11-28-51-fwgv2d-my-first-incarnate-map-welcome-to-santavinca.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-04-12-15-45-36-fzw42k-map-of-gundbarg-port-city-in-gunderland-in-the-forgotten-realms-made-in-inkarnate.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-04-15-21-52-32-g1y64f-my-first-town-map-thats-not-terrible-and-hand-drawn-any-advice-either-general-or-inkarnate-specific-is-greatly-appreciated.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-05-11-18-09-55-ghpbzt-my-most-complicated-map-so-far-one-commission-slot-open-pm-me.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-05-11-20-03-00-ghrjyf-a-map-loosely-based-off-of-falkreath-of-skyrim.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-06-01-21-36-20-guq4ft-help-finding-a-map-of-the-castle-from-daggerford.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-06-03-01-30-49-gvhgo7-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-06-15-20-50-07-h9l5bd-oc-unkeyed-city-map-in-case-anyone-needs.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-06-16-20-24-24-ha8egh-a-map-i-put-together-of-my-homebrew-village-mireside-made-with-2minutetabletop-assets.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-07-09-17-57-23-ho4iwf-city-map-town-of-adraedan.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-07-15-16-01-45-hrn4m2-my-longest-map-project-ever-the-town-of-lifferburgh.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-07-23-14-23-09-hwdxp5-my-attempt-at-an-isometric-city-map-somewhat-based-on-my-hometown.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-08-20-21-41-18-idg413-small-town-map-i-made-for-a-one-shot-its-called-middlebridge-and-something-dark-lurks-in-its-woods.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-08-22-21-00-21-ien5nb-forest-town-settlement-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-09-06-00-31-32-in9fz7-thebes-the-city-of-seven-gates-historical-map-for-use-in-a-greek-themed-setting.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-09-13-20-33-22-is2kgt-map-of-the-city-where-my-very-first-campaign-wil-begin-arthhaven-the-center-of-trade-on-the-border-of-the-lands-of-viridian-and-solean-first-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-09-20-07-23-03-iw792z-large-city-map-with-palace-oc.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-09-25-07-19-16-izcva6-ravenburgh-my-first-town-map-for-an-upcoming-homebrew-campaign-in-3-days.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-10-21-05-37-32-jf4j6y-i-remade-the-old-city-map-of-velen-of-the-forgotten-realms.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-11-23-23-31-41-jzptdm-town-map-by-rustymaps.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-12-01-13-13-12-k4i98a-first-map-i-am-truly-happy-with-the-small-village-of-endorus-named-after-a-new-pc-stated-he-wished-to-be-from-endor.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-12-04-16-56-05-k6lbhh-i-posted-the-day-time-version-of-this-map-a-while-ago-but-i-just-finished-the-nighttime-version-normally-this-is-reserved-for-a-tier-on-my-patreon-but-tis-the-season.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-12-07-15-46-38-k8g0ct-commission-town-in-forest-map-that-i-recently-coloured-using-copics.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2020-12-17-01-53-32-kek506-oc-first-city-wide-map-made-with-wonderdraft.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2021-01-06-17-57-26-krpf2n-cursed-village-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2021-01-08-00-43-12-ksnkcz-tmores-the-traveling-city-commission-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2021-01-10-22-53-31-kulhmf-new-city-map-by-rustymaps.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2021-01-17-19-04-27-kz90k9-first-inkarnate-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2021-01-21-00-01-52-l1igi0-village-of-basiliara-updated-map-layout.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2021-01-30-04-44-02-l8anmn-first-map-ever-made-in-inkarnate.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   \"datasets/city_maps_new/0_0_\\320\\232\\320\\276\\320\\277\\320\\270\\321\\217 2020-11-23-23-31-41-jzptdm-town-map-by-rustymaps.jpg\"\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-06-23-15-05-07-c43k0a-updated-dnd-map-for-my-homebrew-city-of-verante-hand-drawn-and-coloured-in-ps-all-feedback-welcome-atthe_reclusive_cartographer.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-08-06-19-58-46-cmt6mh-oc-art-my-first-big-city-map-took-3-years-on-and-off-for-me-to-finish-drawing-it-i-hope-my-party-members-will-like-it.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-08-16-01-48-40-cqxdyu-just-finished-this-city-map-for-a-homebrew-campaign-i-am-running-with-a-few-friends-hope-you-guys-enjoy.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-08-17-23-55-41-crrtiu-oc-city-map-falkerstone-city.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-10-08-02-41-18-deru4c-inkarnate-im-really-excited-for-my-urban-campaign-because-this-map-came-out-so-well.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-11-25-00-09-29-e14qia-top-half-of-capital-city-3-maps-stitched-together.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2019-12-26-13-04-57-eftr34-17th-century-map-of-antwerp-belgium-from-r-papertowns.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-01-04-09-42-47-ejt4pn-a-lot-of-people-really-liked-the-map-i-made-of-talsta-for-my-homebrew-world-of-tesoro-so-heres-the-completed-map-of-the-city-hotol-feedback-is-of-course-welcome.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-01-25-00-10-08-etgo5z-my-take-on-a-map-of-secomber-from-the-forgotten-realms.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-02-08-07-08-49-f0mcmb-a-map-of-a-major-city-from-my-homebrew-campaign-stormhold.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-02-09-13-02-12-f16qj7-high-resolution-capital-map-french-edition-from-1615.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-02-14-08-13-57-f3ne1v-my-first-completed-map-can-share-progress.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-02-28-12-16-37-fas3os-oc-my-second-map-and-drawn-for-my-campaign-using-photoshop-meet-yortriv-info-in-comments.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-03-16-18-21-09-fjmm4v-mont-saint-michel-the-great-french-fortress-abbey-drawn-directly-from-floor-plans-where-possible-one-of-the-biggest-maps-ive-ever-made-there-are-useful-things-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-03-31-19-27-22-fsg01u-port-hope-unlabeled-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-06-03-01-30-49-gvhgo7-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-06-15-20-50-07-h9l5bd-oc-unkeyed-city-map-in-case-anyone-needs.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-09-13-20-33-22-is2kgt-map-of-the-city-where-my-very-first-campaign-wil-begin-arthhaven-the-center-of-trade-on-the-border-of-the-lands-of-viridian-and-solean-first-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-09-20-07-23-03-iw792z-large-city-map-with-palace-oc.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2020-12-17-01-53-32-kek506-oc-first-city-wide-map-made-with-wonderdraft.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2021-01-08-00-43-12-ksnkcz-tmores-the-traveling-city-commission-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_1_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2019-11-25-00-09-29-e14qia-top-half-of-capital-city-3-maps-stitched-together.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2019-12-26-13-04-57-eftr34-17th-century-map-of-antwerp-belgium-from-r-papertowns.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2020-06-15-20-50-07-h9l5bd-oc-unkeyed-city-map-in-case-anyone-needs.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2020-09-20-07-23-03-iw792z-large-city-map-with-palace-oc.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_2_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_3_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_3_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/0_4_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/0_4_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2019-06-23-15-05-07-c43k0a-updated-dnd-map-for-my-homebrew-city-of-verante-hand-drawn-and-coloured-in-ps-all-feedback-welcome-atthe_reclusive_cartographer.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2019-08-06-19-58-46-cmt6mh-oc-art-my-first-big-city-map-took-3-years-on-and-off-for-me-to-finish-drawing-it-i-hope-my-party-members-will-like-it.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2019-08-16-01-48-40-cqxdyu-just-finished-this-city-map-for-a-homebrew-campaign-i-am-running-with-a-few-friends-hope-you-guys-enjoy.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2019-08-17-23-55-41-crrtiu-oc-city-map-falkerstone-city.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2019-10-08-02-41-18-deru4c-inkarnate-im-really-excited-for-my-urban-campaign-because-this-map-came-out-so-well.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2019-12-26-13-04-57-eftr34-17th-century-map-of-antwerp-belgium-from-r-papertowns.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-01-25-00-10-08-etgo5z-my-take-on-a-map-of-secomber-from-the-forgotten-realms.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-02-08-07-08-49-f0mcmb-a-map-of-a-major-city-from-my-homebrew-campaign-stormhold.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-02-09-13-02-12-f16qj7-high-resolution-capital-map-french-edition-from-1615.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-02-14-08-13-57-f3ne1v-my-first-completed-map-can-share-progress.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-02-28-12-16-37-fas3os-oc-my-second-map-and-drawn-for-my-campaign-using-photoshop-meet-yortriv-info-in-comments.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-03-16-18-21-09-fjmm4v-mont-saint-michel-the-great-french-fortress-abbey-drawn-directly-from-floor-plans-where-possible-one-of-the-biggest-maps-ive-ever-made-there-are-useful-things-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-03-31-19-27-22-fsg01u-port-hope-unlabeled-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-06-03-01-30-49-gvhgo7-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-06-15-20-50-07-h9l5bd-oc-unkeyed-city-map-in-case-anyone-needs.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-09-13-20-33-22-is2kgt-map-of-the-city-where-my-very-first-campaign-wil-begin-arthhaven-the-center-of-trade-on-the-border-of-the-lands-of-viridian-and-solean-first-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-09-20-07-23-03-iw792z-large-city-map-with-palace-oc.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2020-12-17-01-53-32-kek506-oc-first-city-wide-map-made-with-wonderdraft.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2021-01-08-00-43-12-ksnkcz-tmores-the-traveling-city-commission-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_0_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2019-06-23-15-05-07-c43k0a-updated-dnd-map-for-my-homebrew-city-of-verante-hand-drawn-and-coloured-in-ps-all-feedback-welcome-atthe_reclusive_cartographer.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2019-08-06-19-58-46-cmt6mh-oc-art-my-first-big-city-map-took-3-years-on-and-off-for-me-to-finish-drawing-it-i-hope-my-party-members-will-like-it.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2019-08-16-01-48-40-cqxdyu-just-finished-this-city-map-for-a-homebrew-campaign-i-am-running-with-a-few-friends-hope-you-guys-enjoy.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2019-08-17-23-55-41-crrtiu-oc-city-map-falkerstone-city.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2019-10-08-02-41-18-deru4c-inkarnate-im-really-excited-for-my-urban-campaign-because-this-map-came-out-so-well.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2019-12-26-13-04-57-eftr34-17th-century-map-of-antwerp-belgium-from-r-papertowns.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-01-25-00-10-08-etgo5z-my-take-on-a-map-of-secomber-from-the-forgotten-realms.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-02-08-07-08-49-f0mcmb-a-map-of-a-major-city-from-my-homebrew-campaign-stormhold.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-02-09-13-02-12-f16qj7-high-resolution-capital-map-french-edition-from-1615.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-02-14-08-13-57-f3ne1v-my-first-completed-map-can-share-progress.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-02-28-12-16-37-fas3os-oc-my-second-map-and-drawn-for-my-campaign-using-photoshop-meet-yortriv-info-in-comments.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-03-16-18-21-09-fjmm4v-mont-saint-michel-the-great-french-fortress-abbey-drawn-directly-from-floor-plans-where-possible-one-of-the-biggest-maps-ive-ever-made-there-are-useful-things-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-03-31-19-27-22-fsg01u-port-hope-unlabeled-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-06-03-01-30-49-gvhgo7-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-06-15-20-50-07-h9l5bd-oc-unkeyed-city-map-in-case-anyone-needs.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-09-13-20-33-22-is2kgt-map-of-the-city-where-my-very-first-campaign-wil-begin-arthhaven-the-center-of-trade-on-the-border-of-the-lands-of-viridian-and-solean-first-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-09-20-07-23-03-iw792z-large-city-map-with-palace-oc.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2020-12-17-01-53-32-kek506-oc-first-city-wide-map-made-with-wonderdraft.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2021-01-08-00-43-12-ksnkcz-tmores-the-traveling-city-commission-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_1_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_2_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_2_2019-12-26-13-04-57-eftr34-17th-century-map-of-antwerp-belgium-from-r-papertowns.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_2_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_2_2020-06-15-20-50-07-h9l5bd-oc-unkeyed-city-map-in-case-anyone-needs.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_2_2020-09-20-07-23-03-iw792z-large-city-map-with-palace-oc.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_2_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_2_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_3_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_3_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/1_4_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/1_4_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/2_0_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/2_0_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/2_1_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/2_1_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/2_2_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/2_2_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/2_3_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/2_3_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/2_4_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/2_4_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/3_0_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/3_0_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/3_1_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/3_1_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/3_2_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/3_2_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/3_3_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/3_3_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/3_4_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/city_maps_new/3_4_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/4_1_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/4_3_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mmodified:   datasets/city_maps_new/4_4_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-04-15-15-52-38-bdfm85-custom-waterdeep-dragon-heist-map-troll-skull-alley-roll20-swap-ready-oc-map-redo.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-04-17-23-10-23-becfdi-hanruhm-town-map-oc.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-04-19-00-43-09-ber57d-map-of-a-city-i-made-for-a-friends-session.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-04-26-21-26-39-bhpoou-map-took-me-15-hours-to-make-everything-has-a-name-and-first-town-map-on-wonderdraft.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-05-05-06-35-23-bktdo3-first-map-i-have-built.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-05-06-19-35-32-bledtz-my-first-town-map-any-feedback-criticism-would-be-greatly-appreciated.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-05-16-01-39-35-bp4pcn-fantasy-port-city-map.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-03-00-50-28-bw2rkg-dnd-pen-and-paper-map-drawn-and-digitised-today-quite-new-to-digital-painting-all-feedback-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-04-20-48-26-bwro1u-colour-version-of-my-village-map-from-the-other-day-still-trying-to-perfect-digital-painting-technique-so-all-feedback-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-05-18-00-33-bx3jgg-unlabeled-equatorial-port-town-dock-map-for-your-own-naming-revelry.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-06-06-51-40-bxc416-city-map-of-my-town-bastow-in-the-world-of-lyria.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-09-14-15-44-byj7qs-another-hand-drawn-map-from-me-still-trying-to-get-digital-colouring-right-so-please-let-me-know-where-i-can-improve-cheers.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-12-16-15-54-bzr3l1-todays-hand-drawn-dnd-map-coloured-in-ps.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-14-08-36-55-c0getd-town-map-in-the-style-of-a-board-game-thoughts.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-18-19-47-26-c24leb-oc-homebrew-city-map-of-levermore.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-22-23-03-12-c3u3wv-first-attempt-at-making-a-map-any-suggestions-on-how-i-could-improve.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-23-15-05-07-c43k0a-updated-dnd-map-for-my-homebrew-city-of-verante-hand-drawn-and-coloured-in-ps-all-feedback-welcome-atthe_reclusive_cartographer.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-06-26-10-33-38-c5mvon-map-of-crossing-sotdl.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-07-01-04-38-45-c7mgde-this-is-illuskan-a-city-in-the-north-of-the-trilys-empire-homebrew-made-with-inkarnate-its-the-first-city-map-ive-ever-made-so-i-would-really-appreciate-any-tips.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-07-03-20-28-33-c8qx6e-loiss-denvo-a-forest-city-map-video-in-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-08-01-03-51-26-ckh62p-the-town-of-ironway-made-for-my-homebrew-terrain-inspired-by-the-map-sandpoint.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-08-06-19-58-46-cmt6mh-oc-art-my-first-big-city-map-took-3-years-on-and-off-for-me-to-finish-drawing-it-i-hope-my-party-members-will-like-it.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-08-07-02-02-45-cmxm7j-the-port-city-of-marsier-map-made-for-a-campaign-im-running-in-september.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-08-12-06-36-32-cp6wd2-map-for-the-first-town-my-players-will-go-to-its-surrounded-by-perpetual-mists-and-home-to-fishy-old-god-cultists.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-08-16-01-48-40-cqxdyu-just-finished-this-city-map-for-a-homebrew-campaign-i-am-running-with-a-few-friends-hope-you-guys-enjoy.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-08-17-23-55-41-crrtiu-oc-city-map-falkerstone-city.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-09-03-11-24-31-cz20ia-trying-to-source-this-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-09-08-21-16-26-d1elhr-breaking-my-5-years-of-reddit-silence-to-share-this-dwarven-city-map-i-made-for-our-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-09-16-01-14-34-d4ri8e-oc-greywall-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-02-16-17-12-dca2pu-tiny-village-map-for-our-homebrew-5e-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-04-16-14-13-dd77bv-town-street-still-version-of-an-animated-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-08-02-41-18-deru4c-inkarnate-im-really-excited-for-my-urban-campaign-because-this-map-came-out-so-well.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-08-16-16-29-dezt6o-hey-been-suggested-to-me-by-the-inkarnate-team-to-post-one-of-my-maps-here-so-yeah-here-you-go-enjoy-i-removed-all-signs-posts-so-feel-free-to-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-10-16-04-45-dfxq31-made-some-improvements-to-this-older-city-map-of-mine-i-created-this-with-inkarnate.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-16-23-38-01-divdys-heres-a-version-of-my-forestcreek-map-without-the-signs-and-place-names-my-first-map-made-with-inkarnate-3.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-19-22-27-24-dk8fat-since-you-all-enjoyed-my-first-map-heres-another-one-the-city-of-novigrad-removed-all-signs-posts-so-feel-free-to-use.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-10-20-17-06-47-dkk1ow-city-of-aynlun-inkarnate-and-photoshop-map-with-no-signs-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-11-05-01-03-39-drp166-new-town-map-for-new-campaign-made-with-inkarnate-early-access.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-11-07-15-35-16-dsx46x-recently-discovered-inkarnate-and-this-is-my-first-map-a-generic-small-town.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-11-09-17-11-20-dtwdri-startington-my-first-map-using-gimp-and-watabou.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-11-14-18-47-24-dwba4y-city-of-inigmia-first-city-map-made.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-11-18-21-17-20-dy6zhj-elven-exotic-merchant-city-map-made-with-inkarnate-1-0-early-access-unannotated-for-your-using-pleasure.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-11-25-00-09-29-e14qia-top-half-of-capital-city-3-maps-stitched-together.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-11-25-23-09-49-e1lu2e-town-map-inkarnate.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-12-05-14-46-41-e6g3k7-my-regional-inn-map-for-a-homebrew-made-with-inkarnate-pro.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-12-11-16-43-09-e979fr-follow-up-on-my-last-remix-map-now-with-explorable-rooms-79x99-urza_is_mine-gogots-daxcrls-others.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-12-20-03-10-29-ed1y9e-saltport-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-12-23-22-42-45-eepfmt-the-village-of-helmfirth-a-map-i-drew-for-a-bit-of-practice-cc-or-world-building-suggestions-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-12-26-13-04-57-eftr34-17th-century-map-of-antwerp-belgium-from-r-papertowns.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2019-12-31-18-40-53-ei4eee-pirate-island-partner-to-the-pirate-port-map-i-made.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-04-09-42-47-ejt4pn-a-lot-of-people-really-liked-the-map-i-made-of-talsta-for-my-homebrew-world-of-tesoro-so-heres-the-completed-map-of-the-city-hotol-feedback-is-of-course-welcome.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-11-17-26-58-en80kn-hi-everybody-rustymaps-here-take-a-look-on-my-map-what-do-you-think-you-can-meet-me-in-facebook-inn-or-instagram-bay-there-are-more-battle-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-12-18-00-31-enoequ-wip-screen-print-of-a-very-smal-part-of-a-city-map-i-am-wokring-on-atm.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-14-04-33-49-eoe1uc-high-res-city-map-playing-with-perspective-so-a-bit-unconventional.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-18-07-39-44-eqbxou-town-of-belnue-a-little-simple-but-the-first-city-map-ive-made-would-love-some-criticism.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-20-21-54-05-erhnw5-accompanying-the-oc-phandalin-marketplace-map-i-posted-earlier-here-is-the-full-version-of-the-expanded-town-in-my-current-game.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-23-21-25-10-esx478-oc-straight-arrow-camp-a-fort-built-into-the-side-of-a-mountain-one-of-my-most-recent-maps.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-24-03-49-03-et2kv8-pinewood-the-newest-map-creation-for-my-homebrew-still-not-as-amazing-as-most-of-the-work-youll-see-here-but-a-much-better-attempt-at-map-creation-than-my-initial-outing.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-25-00-10-08-etgo5z-my-take-on-a-map-of-secomber-from-the-forgotten-realms.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-01-27-01-33-38-eue856-city-map-built-with-tabletop-rpg-map-editor-ii-in-a-few-hours.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-08-07-08-49-f0mcmb-a-map-of-a-major-city-from-my-homebrew-campaign-stormhold.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-08-13-29-35-f0px9v-battlemap-30x30-3500x3500px-city-gates-map-oc-art.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-09-13-02-12-f16qj7-high-resolution-capital-map-french-edition-from-1615.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-10-03-01-13-f1hmwv-map-of-the-town-of-herzog-for-my-homebrew-dnd-campaign-i-dm-the-original-sketch-was-by-me-but-my-friend-u-saxophonistspace-made-this-awesome-color-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-14-08-13-57-f3ne1v-my-first-completed-map-can-share-progress.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-16-02-03-31-f4hdqv-my-longest-9h-and-most-ambitious-map-old-valencia.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-18-09-52-17-f5npsj-town-center-map-for-my-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-20-02-17-02-f6jd3c-the-outpost-dm-me-if-you-want-me-to-a-draw-a-map-for-your-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-20-06-02-21-f6mgm0-map-of-the-port-of-aegis-i-made-it-via-inkarnate-for-a-dnd-campaign-that-ended-because-of-drama-i-think-that-yall-would-appreciate-it-though.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-21-23-55-53-f7hj12-battlemap-30x60-3500x7000px-castle-city-gates-maps-oc-art.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-23-22-21-51-f8ea5v-a-map-of-a-mining-village-i-put-together-for-my-next-session.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-02-28-12-16-37-fas3os-oc-my-second-map-and-drawn-for-my-campaign-using-photoshop-meet-yortriv-info-in-comments.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-03-01-06-02-31-fbnvkb-tried-colourizing-an-old-map-of-mine-welcome-to-jacobs-spur.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-03-16-08-06-19-fjfj8w-my-first-attempt-at-drawing-a-map-this-is-blasingdell-the-town-used-in-the-forge-of-fury-campaign-from-the-yawning-portal.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-03-16-18-21-09-fjmm4v-mont-saint-michel-the-great-french-fortress-abbey-drawn-directly-from-floor-plans-where-possible-one-of-the-biggest-maps-ive-ever-made-there-are-useful-things-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-03-23-15-13-41-fniy7y-la-balise-emeraude-my-first-town-map-for-the-dandd-campaign-im-curretly-running.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-03-29-14-29-36-fr4icg-i-was-encouraged-to-post-my-map-here-the-city-of-vejstrup.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-03-31-19-27-22-fsg01u-port-hope-unlabeled-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-04-03-14-25-25-fu6plk-fantasy-map-version-of-my-home-village-in-france.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-04-05-20-41-11-fvhrbj-wip-the-city-of-blackwood-dandd-city-map.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-04-07-11-28-51-fwgv2d-my-first-incarnate-map-welcome-to-santavinca.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-04-12-15-45-36-fzw42k-map-of-gundbarg-port-city-in-gunderland-in-the-forgotten-realms-made-in-inkarnate.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-04-15-21-52-32-g1y64f-my-first-town-map-thats-not-terrible-and-hand-drawn-any-advice-either-general-or-inkarnate-specific-is-greatly-appreciated.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-04-21-04-52-39-g5687q-town-map-i-made-for-a-homebrew-campaign-my-first-time-map-making-what-do-you-lot-think.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-05-05-14-07-17-gdvs8r-my-latest-city-map-what-do-you-want-most-battlemaps-dungeon-maps-city-maps-region-maps-or-world-maps.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-05-07-17-40-30-gf7rik-farm-village-does-the-bridge-look-okay-in-this-map-its-not-straight-down-like-everything-else.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-05-11-18-09-55-ghpbzt-my-most-complicated-map-so-far-one-commission-slot-open-pm-me.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-05-11-20-03-00-ghrjyf-a-map-loosely-based-off-of-falkreath-of-skyrim.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-06-03-01-30-49-gvhgo7-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-06-13-18-01-15-h8945m-i-have-used-some-of-the-wonderful-maps-posted-here-and-i-am-so-appreciative-of-the-community-so-i-wanted-to-give-back-one-of-my-first-maps-the-monk-monastery-up-on-some-mountains.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-06-13-22-37-31-h8e57u-oc-city-one-of-those-forced-perspective-maps.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-06-15-20-50-07-h9l5bd-oc-unkeyed-city-map-in-case-anyone-needs.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-06-16-20-24-24-ha8egh-a-map-i-put-together-of-my-homebrew-village-mireside-made-with-2minutetabletop-assets.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-06-22-15-24-05-hdre9h-the-very-first-map-i-made-for-my-players-a-village-in-a-dwarven-country-critiques-are-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-06-24-21-51-12-hf6vtq-oc-art-26x30-drawbridge-gatehouse-battle-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-07-09-17-57-23-ho4iwf-city-map-town-of-adraedan.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-07-13-15-00-36-hqdzt0-temperate-port-town-my-first-city-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-07-15-16-01-45-hrn4m2-my-longest-map-project-ever-the-town-of-lifferburgh.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-07-23-14-23-09-hwdxp5-my-attempt-at-an-isometric-city-map-somewhat-based-on-my-hometown.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-07-29-12-41-39-hzxtq1-first-town-map-of-mine-spittleport.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-08-08-16-43-01-i5zc2b-settlement-map-hillfort-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-08-14-00-29-20-i98qd8-town-map-in-the-style-of-a-board-game-thoughts-c-post.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-08-15-20-08-47-iab4ki-village-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-08-18-16-47-28-ic1auk-oc-city-map-novo-medium-the-comercial-and-industrial-powerhouse-of-the-empire-3000x3000.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-08-19-03-45-44-icdkxf-motte-castle-and-village-battle-map-3-floors-basement-first-floor-rooftops.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-08-20-21-41-18-idg413-small-town-map-i-made-for-a-one-shot-its-called-middlebridge-and-something-dark-lurks-in-its-woods.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-08-22-21-00-21-ien5nb-forest-town-settlement-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-06-00-31-32-in9fz7-thebes-the-city-of-seven-gates-historical-map-for-use-in-a-greek-themed-setting.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-13-20-33-22-is2kgt-map-of-the-city-where-my-very-first-campaign-wil-begin-arthhaven-the-center-of-trade-on-the-border-of-the-lands-of-viridian-and-solean-first-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-19-12-56-19-ivpr5x-first-map-ever-done-made-with-gimp-here-i-present-the-city-of-hawkheaven-for-my-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-20-07-23-03-iw792z-large-city-map-with-palace-oc.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-24-22-41-44-iz47xj-here-is-one-of-50-free-topdown-town-maps-night-and-day-i-created.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-25-07-19-16-izcva6-ravenburgh-my-first-town-map-for-an-upcoming-homebrew-campaign-in-3-days.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-25-18-58-07-izm30n-fishing-village-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-09-29-21-03-04-j24mnq-updated-phlan-map.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-10-03-08-25-58-j4acku-greater-allram-my-first-map-that-im-actually-proud-of-cant-thank-wonderdraft-and-asset-creators-enough-for-their-incredible-work-candc-please.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-10-21-05-37-32-jf4j6y-i-remade-the-old-city-map-of-velen-of-the-forgotten-realms.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-10-21-07-27-10-jf64ym-my-first-map-small-walled-city-of-freya.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-10-22-04-38-35-jfqd5x-i-remade-the-old-city-map-of-velen-of-the-forgotten-realms-unlabeled-version.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-11-19-19-19-28-jx5nmn-rough-city-map-of-yartar-jewel-of-the-dessarin-valley.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-11-23-23-31-41-jzptdm-town-map-by-rustymaps.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-12-01-13-13-12-k4i98a-first-map-i-am-truly-happy-with-the-small-village-of-endorus-named-after-a-new-pc-stated-he-wished-to-be-from-endor.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-12-04-16-56-05-k6lbhh-i-posted-the-day-time-version-of-this-map-a-while-ago-but-i-just-finished-the-nighttime-version-normally-this-is-reserved-for-a-tier-on-my-patreon-but-tis-the-season.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-12-07-15-46-38-k8g0ct-commission-town-in-forest-map-that-i-recently-coloured-using-copics.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-12-17-01-53-32-kek506-oc-first-city-wide-map-made-with-wonderdraft.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2020-12-30-01-17-45-kmocs9-my-first-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-01-06-17-57-26-krpf2n-cursed-village-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-01-08-00-43-12-ksnkcz-tmores-the-traveling-city-commission-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-01-10-22-53-31-kulhmf-new-city-map-by-rustymaps.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-01-17-19-04-27-kz90k9-first-inkarnate-map.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-01-21-00-01-52-l1igi0-village-of-basiliara-updated-map-layout.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-01-30-04-44-02-l8anmn-first-map-ever-made-in-inkarnate.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-01-31-19-51-17-l9g7wz-town-map-i-made-for-a-more-1800-campaign.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_0_2021-02-03-20-05-27-lbsb9v-snowy-village-62x48-settlement-map-oc.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_10_2019-12-11-16-43-09-e979fr-follow-up-on-my-last-remix-map-now-with-explorable-rooms-79x99-urza_is_mine-gogots-daxcrls-others.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_10_2020-01-11-23-24-59-encpeg-historical-city-map-series-number-2-utrecht-in-1582-the-netherlands.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_10_2020-03-16-18-21-09-fjmm4v-mont-saint-michel-the-great-french-fortress-abbey-drawn-directly-from-floor-plans-where-possible-one-of-the-biggest-maps-ive-ever-made-there-are-useful-things-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_10_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_10_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_11_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_11_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_12_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_12_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_13_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_13_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_14_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_14_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_15_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_15_2020-11-08-21-59-26-jqh8ye-i-made-a-city-map-you-should-use-it.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_16_2020-03-31-05-06-08-fs4b1m-oc-restored-a-map-of-polanthas-from-dragonlance-its-pretty-much-a-waterdeep-neverwinter-equivalent-for-those-unfamiliar.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-04-15-15-52-38-bdfm85-custom-waterdeep-dragon-heist-map-troll-skull-alley-roll20-swap-ready-oc-map-redo.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-04-17-23-10-23-becfdi-hanruhm-town-map-oc.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-04-19-00-43-09-ber57d-map-of-a-city-i-made-for-a-friends-session.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-04-26-21-26-39-bhpoou-map-took-me-15-hours-to-make-everything-has-a-name-and-first-town-map-on-wonderdraft.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-05-05-06-35-23-bktdo3-first-map-i-have-built.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-05-06-19-35-32-bledtz-my-first-town-map-any-feedback-criticism-would-be-greatly-appreciated.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-05-16-01-39-35-bp4pcn-fantasy-port-city-map.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-05-22-19-46-24-brr328-oakthorn-a-quaint-elven-village-by-the-riverside-link-to-the-interactive-map-in-the-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-03-00-50-28-bw2rkg-dnd-pen-and-paper-map-drawn-and-digitised-today-quite-new-to-digital-painting-all-feedback-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-04-20-48-26-bwro1u-colour-version-of-my-village-map-from-the-other-day-still-trying-to-perfect-digital-painting-technique-so-all-feedback-welcome.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-05-18-00-33-bx3jgg-unlabeled-equatorial-port-town-dock-map-for-your-own-naming-revelry.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-09-14-15-44-byj7qs-another-hand-drawn-map-from-me-still-trying-to-get-digital-colouring-right-so-please-let-me-know-where-i-can-improve-cheers.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-12-16-15-54-bzr3l1-todays-hand-drawn-dnd-map-coloured-in-ps.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-14-08-36-55-c0getd-town-map-in-the-style-of-a-board-game-thoughts.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-18-19-47-26-c24leb-oc-homebrew-city-map-of-levermore.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-22-23-03-12-c3u3wv-first-attempt-at-making-a-map-any-suggestions-on-how-i-could-improve.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-23-15-05-07-c43k0a-updated-dnd-map-for-my-homebrew-city-of-verante-hand-drawn-and-coloured-in-ps-all-feedback-welcome-atthe_reclusive_cartographer.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-06-26-10-33-38-c5mvon-map-of-crossing-sotdl.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-07-01-04-38-45-c7mgde-this-is-illuskan-a-city-in-the-north-of-the-trilys-empire-homebrew-made-with-inkarnate-its-the-first-city-map-ive-ever-made-so-i-would-really-appreciate-any-tips.png\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-07-03-20-28-33-c8qx6e-loiss-denvo-a-forest-city-map-video-in-comments.jpg\u001b[m\n","\t\u001b[31mdeleted:    datasets/dnd_maps/0_1_2019-08-01-03-51-26-ckh62p-the-town-o…

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[6652efe350...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/6652efe350bf8fc1e0ab6028c095ccd1bf7f4c74)
#### Sunday 2021-02-14 23:07:38 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 2/14/2021 11:00:00 PM

 1. Added: A Billion Mockingbirds: The Role of Journalists in Destroyed Civilization
    (https://macrobullshit.com/archive/billion-mockingbirds/)
 2. Added: For the Love of Macros
    (https://matklad.github.io/2021/02/14/for-the-love-of-macros.html)
 3. Added: Don't Mess with Backprop: Doubts about Biologically Plausible Deep Learning
    (https://blog.evjang.com/2021/02/backprop.html)
 4. Added: What I'm Building in 2021
    (https://blog.kowsheek.com/what-im-building-in-2021/)
 5. Added: Why do we write design documents?
    (https://blog.royalsloth.eu/posts/why-do-we-write-design-documents/)
 6. Added: On Witchcraft
    (http://acko.net/blog/on-witchcraft/)
 7. Added: Multi-asset shielded pool project (MASP)
    (https://research.metastate.dev/multi-asset_shielded_pool/)
 8. Added: Karan Sharma | Running Nomad for home server
    (https://mrkaran.dev/posts/home-server-nomad/)

Generation took: 00:07:26.0770740
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---

# [<](2021-02-13.md) 2021-02-14 [>](2021-02-15.md)

