# [<](2021-10-10.md) 2021-10-11 [>](2021-10-12.md)

1,085,079 events, 587,737 push events, 899,658 commit messages, 68,931,334 characters


## [synthizer/synthizer](https://github.com/synthizer/synthizer)@[e57a33ef60...](https://github.com/synthizer/synthizer/commit/e57a33ef606d23dee1c51733778be01d67f7b1f7)
#### Monday 2021-10-11 00:22:43 by Austin Hicks

Add an example to play notes using automation.

This is about as stupid as this gets, but it's C in which writing parsers
sucks, and also in which bringing in a dep for a window is a pain.  Since this
is illustrative, just keep it boring for now.

We'll probably do something more involved in Rust.

Refs #73

---
## [malwrar/maintree](https://github.com/malwrar/maintree)@[08995e176d...](https://github.com/malwrar/maintree/commit/08995e176d19cff1efab8053eda59a68446e5c0a)
#### Monday 2021-10-11 01:32:32 by malwrar

Big cleanup commit.

Realization: working with vulkan by itself is soooooo old fashioned!

I've been strugging with life and whatever while trying to learn vulkan,
and as cool as vulkan is, learning it has SUCKED!! I think I understand
roughly how the various vulkan api components relate to each other and
more or less their lifecycles, I just can't get over the tedium of
working their management into a larger codebase. Ability to work move
code complexity out of drivers and into usermode code is cool and all,
but I think the vulkan api screams to be managed in more opinionated ways.

I've found myself trying to do just that (in easy_vk.rs), but after some
research I realized that others seem to be significantly further down
that path than I am. Here are some of the ones I've checked out and my
thoughts on them:

 * [amethyst](https://amethyst.rs/)
   Rust's cargo ecosystem seems to orient towards solving problems once.
   Accordingly there are a lot of very-specific crates presently available,
   including some that are pretty useful towards game development.
   Amethyst appears to be an attempt by developers to build a standard
   way to work with these crates to build graphics applications (but
   mostly games). They have a [book](https://specs.amethyst.rs/docs/tutorials/),
   which I tried to read awhile back when I was working on a 3d
   X compositor and last encountered this
   how-do-I-draw-3d-objects-without-using-raw opengl-or-a-whole-fking-engine
   problem, but my ambitious attempts to follow the book turned into
   attempts to read through the book, which in turn became hopeful
   attempts to find compelling examples of the framework (some of the
   component crates have books by themselves!!), which ultimately
   resulted in me losing interest considering I mostly just want to
   pursue an idea that'll probably fail more than I want to invest in a
   rickety set of evolving tools.

 * [vulkano](https://docs.rs/vulkano/0.22.0/vulkano/)
   [This vulkan tutorial](https://vulkan-tutorial.com/) links to a
   vulkano-version of its c++ contents, which I attempted to follow
   alongside the tutorial. I went through a similar cycle of getting
   bored with learning as I did Amethyst, only instead of getting bored
   at the tooling I got bored at the tedium that goes into all of the
   babysitting that vulkan requires to manage its fairly
   well-thought-out interface.

 * [rendy](https://github.com/amethyst/rendy)
   Rendy is a lower-level rendering engine built on a hardware
   abstraction layer similar to vulkan's API, so this was the first
   candidate I figured would be a good middleground between some engine
   and raw vulkan. The project's README is hard to read but seems to
   mostly address painpoints I've already experienced with vulkan as
   well as a bunch of other neat things like modular graphics pipelines,
   so I started trying to learn it...

   ...only to discover that there's not a lot. Rendy strangely hard to find
   when you look it up in search engines, and not too many people seem
   to be talking about it on forums. I did find [an incomplete book
   book](https://github.com/rust-tutorials/learn-rendy/blob/788f216061c468ea91eda9ddd7caf987a5e2fd28/book/src/02_triangle.md),
   whose author appears to be the [second biggest contributor to
   rendy](https://github.com/amethyst/rendy/graphs/contributors?from=2018-09-30&to=2021-10-10&type=c)
   and who even wrote [a cool physically-based renderer](https://github.com/termhn/rendy-pbr), but aside from that and rendy's examples and documentation, I didn't have much to go off of.
   There hasn't been much recent activity if my reading of the project's
   insight graphs is correct, and the README still lists many features as being
   incomplete. When, after encountering similar management struggles, I
   considered the age of the project with respect to its seeming negative
   growth, I decided to keep looking.

 * [bevy](https://bevyengine.org/)
   Looks similar to Amethyst, only is more honest with itself that it
   wants to be a game engine. This would likely be a good fit for my
   project, but after learning how hard it was to adapt my project to
   Amethyst's way of thinking I fear I'll encounter similar problems
   with Bevy. Maybe it'll be good though if I ever do want to make a
   normal video game though. It has a
   [book](https://bevyengine.org/learn/book/introduction/)!

 * [wgpu](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu)
   I decided to look at this because the [rendy page listed an older
   version of wgpu as a user](https://github.com/amethyst/rendy/tree/8e3054a075b545bc1b030fa0d81c62a0b33d3740#who-is-using-it),
   which suggested that other people probably also thinking that rendy
   needed another layer on top of it. I quickly discovered that a bunch
   of other huge projects use wgpu (servo, even bevy!), which is
   immediately assuring. wgpu seems to be a graphics API abstraction that works
   with pretty much every possible platform in a vulkan-looking way without a
   vulkan-level quantity of babysitting. It's perfect, and reading through
   the book it looks like it'll be a good fit for the sort of problems I
   actually want to solve. I mean, just look at the [big
   picture](https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu/blob/master/etc/big-picture.png)
   graphic, it's absolute quality Mozilla code!

So, I decided on wgpu. It feels like the right balance of lightweight
and low-touch, and as learning any of these APIs feels like a gamble
of my free time, I think it's the best horse in the race. I like the
that it makes constructing graphics pipelines a relatively fluid
experience, and the fact that Mozilla is dumping resources into it is
always a good sign. Bevy seems to use it for its renderer too, which is
both validating and also a sign that I should keep putting time into it
so I can at least determine when it makes sense to use.

Learning all of this was cool, but as you can imagine by flow has more
or less been on pause for the last few months now. I figure I just need
to commit to something so I can get things back on track, so I think
I'll stop my search at wgpu and keep bevy in mind for later. Instead of
working through everything I've left pending, I'm instead saving it all
now in a master commit so I don't lose it.

---
## [aforren1/Psychtoolbox-3](https://github.com/aforren1/Psychtoolbox-3)@[4b90b29dda...](https://github.com/aforren1/Psychtoolbox-3/commit/4b90b29dda9d30aa9b89b2cb1077e85dddd61ecc)
#### Monday 2021-10-11 19:20:46 by Mario Kleiner

Screen/Linux: Support Wayland compositors without wl_shell, but xdg_shell.

libWaffle as of its latest release now also supports the basic stable
xdg shell protocol for window creation and management:

In the past, only wl_shell was supported. Now it will try to use
xdg_shell and fall back to wl_shell if xdg_shell is not supported.
As most production compositors do support xdg_shell in at least a
basic variant by now, this means most of the time xdg_shell will
be used.

Adapt our window setup code to make use of this new Waffle feature.
Also some cosmetic changes to status messages etc.

This now allows testing on wlroots-based compositors like Sway WM,
which do not support old wl_shell, but only xdg_shell. Also a bit
more robust on KDE's kwin wayland and GNOME's Mutter wayland.

Restrictions:

- We do not use xdg_shell calls ourselves yet, but rely on Waffle,
  so we are restricted: Can't select which output to display a
  fullscreen window on. That's supported on wl_shell only so far.

- Also no assignment of window titles in windowed mode.

- Oh and we need a bug-fixed libWaffle, as upstream release has a
  bug in its fullscreen xdg support! I'll need to upstream my fix.

- Sway does support the presentation timing feedback protocol, so
  now we have n=2 compositors with not totally broken timing, yay!
  However: Scheduling on Sway is as much of a s***-show as expected,
  as each Wayland compositor seems to reinvent the wheel in terms
  of composition scheduling. This will stay awful until a proper
  presentation timing extension is released and supported by most
  compositors. On Sway one needs these tweaks to get not totally
  awful timing and performance on a 144 Hz display:

  In Octave: setenv('PSYCH_WAYLAND_SWAPDELAY', '-0.002')
  In Sway's config file (see man sway-output):

  output DP-3 max_render_time 2

  Why these magic numbers? I wouldn't know, but endless tinkering
  made it work best for these settings. Any other refresh rate
  would probably need different numbers.

-> So this is an improvement, but far from anything one would want
   to expose ones's users to. X-Server still rules...

---

# [<](2021-10-10.md) 2021-10-11 [>](2021-10-12.md)

