# [<](2021-05-08.md) 2021-05-09 [>](2021-05-10.md)

4,725,362 events, 1,116,774 push events, 1,604,889 commit messages, 102,597,139 characters


## [palazzol/mame@621c3415ae...](https://github.com/palazzol/mame/commit/621c3415ae5694cf974ed4935d0632d79dbd7238)
##### 2021-05-09 01:56:32 by r09

fmtowns_cd.xml: 11 new dumps, 19 replacements, 3 missing floppies added (#7764)

fmtowns_cd.xml - Removed the floppy disks for 38-man Kilo no Kokuu and Powermonger, since they are user-created disks and the games only need blank disks to save
fmtowns_cd.xml - Replaced Lunatic Dawn II floppy with a cleaner unmodified copy [akira_2020]
fmtowns_cd.xml - Replaced Nobunaga no Yabou - Bushou Fuuunroku floppy with a cleaner unmodified copy [wiggy2k]
fmtowns_cd.xml - Replaced the "fake" Lipstick Adventure 3 floppy with an image dumped from the original disk [r09]
fmtowns_cd.xml - Added a missing floppy image to Nobunaga no Yabou - Tenshouki (it wasn't marked as unsupported but it didn't actually work correctly before) [wiggy2k]

New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

Ehon Writer School v1.1 L21 [redump.org]
Gakuen Bakuretsu Tenkousei! [redump.org]
Hana no Kioku - Dainishou [redump.org]
if 1-2-3 CD Collection [redump.org]
Ikazuchi no Senshi Raidy 2 (1996-08-01) [redump.org]
Kousoku Choujin [redump.org]
Misato-chan no Yume Nikki [redump.org]
The Silent Service - Chinmoku no Kantai [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Sotsugyou '93 - Graduation (older floppy disk) [redump.org, wiggy2k]
Time Stripper Mako-chan [redump.org]
Tougenkyou [redump.org]

Replaced software list items
----------------------------

Aeternam [redump.org]
Angel [redump.org]
Dungeon Master (1989-11-14) [redump.org]
Gendai Daisenryaku EX Special [redump.org]
Giga Mortion [redump.org]
Hana no Kioku [redump.org]
Kikou Shidan - Panzer Division [redump.org]
Kiwame II [redump.org]
Koko wa Rakuensou [redump.org]
Koko wa Rakuensou 2 [redump.org]
Okumanchouja II [redump.org]
Ring Out!! [redump.org]
Stronghold - Koutei no Yousai [redump.org]
Tom Snyder's Puppy Love 2 [redump.org]
Toushin Toshi II - Soshite, Sorekara... [redump.org]
Ultima Underworld - The Stygian Abyss [redump.org]
Veil of Darkness - Norowareta Yogen [redump.org]
Virtuacall [redump.org]
Xak III - The Eternal Recurrence [redump.org]

Software list items promoted to working
---------------------------------------

Record of Lodoss War II - Goshiki no Maryuu [wiggy2k]
Sangokushi III [wiggy2k]

---
## [kyleraykbs/Portal2-32PlayerMod-Lite@b66ed63a52...](https://github.com/kyleraykbs/Portal2-32PlayerMod-Lite/commit/b66ed63a52d05b6f224f8d1c154658b15b121e1e)
##### 2021-05-09 03:02:37 by kyleraykbs

fixed a fgucking stupid ass bug that was cause by one stupid ass fucking line of shitty vscript /sqrl so yeah also fuck sv_cheats for some reason it broke everything anyway you want to hear my life story?

---
## [Koi-3088/ForkBot.NET@b92658f1aa...](https://github.com/Koi-3088/ForkBot.NET/commit/b92658f1aaa2ef58f34c352678ea1031f60e8229)
##### 2021-05-09 04:58:30 by Koi-3088

Minor clean.
Revise TradeCord "traded" check, remove potential user path straggler entries because paranoia, some minor fixes.
TradeCord fixes (shocker, I know).
Extract Json serializer.
Minor clean and fixes.
Minor fixes.
Fix Milcery when an Alcremie variant is a parent.
Update to latest Core and ALM dependencies.
Handle non-shiny events in a better way.
Work around a race condition?
Simplify and de-bugify trade completion check.
Fix indexing, improve chance for Melmetal-Gmax because it's nigh impossible to get.
Rework TradeCord internals, add new functionality:
-Migrate user data from ".txt" files to a serialized Json (migration for a large amount of users will take a few minutes, be patient).
-Make TradeCord configurable, add its own settings category.
-Add some template events with an optional end timer (YYYY/MM/DD 8PM as an example, though any local time format should work).
-Add barebones Pokedex (counter, flavor text).
-Can check dex completion by typing `$dex`, check missing entries by typing `$dex missing`.
-Completing the Pokedex will slightly improve shiny rate.
-Can now mass release cherish event Pokemon and shinies ($massrelease shiny/cherish).
-Various tweaks, improvements, and bugfixes.

Slightly change FixOT's behavior:
-If a shown Pokemon is illegal and an event, attempt to find a match within the MGDB first.
-Try to force users to trade away the shown Pokemon, log attempt to change shown Pokemon.
Add consideration for easter eggs being enabled in settings, fix Suicune
Change species rng for TradeCord, some bugfixes (I really need to rewrite this mess)
Add check if we're using ListUtil for Giveaway instead of TradeCord.
Amend commit since I'm squashing and force-pushing while bringing the fork in line with the main branch
Add Giveaway module to Discord bot (#22)

Thanks, rigrassm.
Co-authored-by: Koi-3088 <61223145+Koi-3088@users.noreply.github.com>
Specify USB port instead of adding the first result (can be found via Device Manager).
Re-add boolean check because we don't want to fix everything
FixOT will attempt to regenerate illegal Pokémon.
Apply trash bytes for reasons.
Minor TradeCord fixes and adjustments.
Minor clean for C#9
Use "GetValidPreEvolutions()" instead of "GetPreEvolutions()".
Index forms correctly.
Fix the fixed and re-introduced empty daycare index error.
*an* Ultra Ball.
Add EvoTree breeding for TradeCord.
Remove unnecessary value declarations for pinging on encounter match.
Mildly beautify EncounterBot mark output.
Integrate Anubis' system update prevention into Soft Reset and Regigigas Encounter Modes.
Rename "Regi" Encounter Mode to "Soft Reset".
Speed up "A" clicks for Regigigas and Soft Reset modes.
Add Mark logging output for EncounterBot.
Fix oops (re-order logic, remove unnecessary lines).
Add optional species and form specification for $massrelease
Use an obscure string splitter because people like symbols in their names.
Fix things that broke after rebasing to the latest main repo commit.
Use a less unfortunate field name and value splitter...again.
Fix Marowak-Alola always generating as an NPC trade.
Add filters for "$list <species>" to narrow down results.
Fix Cherish Pichu and Octillery
Stop making dumb mistakes, me (implying the rest of it isn't a dumb mistake).
Can't breed antiques.
Use a less unfortunate embed name and value splitter
Add Melmetal-Gmax to TradeCord.
Add ability to search by caught ball.
Have MassRelease ignore events.
Add specific regional form breeding.
Revise egg rate and egg shiny chance.
Have trade evolutions hold an Everstone.
Add an extra right click when navigating to settings for AutoRoll.
Add reworked encounter/egg/fossil logs.
Minor clean.
Minor clean.
Get rid of EncounterBot, FossilBot, EggFetch text logs until I properly rework them.
Break on an empty page due to aggressive rounding
Add multi-page lists for Tradecord.
More random bugfixes.
Fix some bugs before major clean
Add Language parameter for TradeCord.
Change trainer info input format for TradeCord.
Move focus on Showdown set instead of randomizing a pkm file.
Allow user to enter whatever they want for $list, handle edge cases like Kommo-o
Add "$list all" to show non-duplicate caught species.
Automatically remove from favorites if trading or gifting (small QOL thing).
Change how favorites are removed from user file.
Revert base egg shiny chance nerf.
Fix daycare
Add favorites command to TradeCord.
Slightly nerf eggs.
Fix TradeCord list for shinies
Add TradeCord (my dumbest and messiest project so far, Archit pls don't hate the mess).
Add Showdown output for Star/Square shinies and OTGender.
Add optional link code input for FixOT.
Change how OTName, TID, SID is displayed.
Add Regigigas SR bot.
Add SoJ Camp SR bot.
Ribbons now work with EggTrade (remove ribbons if egg).
Remove EggRoll.
Add another filter for FixOT
Fix.. FixOT
Update offsets for EncounterBot catching.
Slightly change StrongSpawn to work with Regi SR and make it its own mode.
Make SpinTrade only available for USB-Botbase
Update valid eggs for CT
winforms: resize icon.ico to fix crash at startup on unix using mono
Rework Spin, read initial in-game coordinates in order to correct drift
Add TID, SID, Language output for Showdown
Remove obsolete OT and Language parsing
Very minor clean until I have time for a proper one.
Detach controller when stopping USB bot.
Actually set LastUsedBall for EncounterBot (missed when bringing in line with main repo)
Move extra RaidBot timings following the official commit
Remove PKHeX Discord invite from Readme.md

Maybe fewer people will pester devs now about my unofficial fork?
Update for latest main repo EncounterBot commits.
Update README.md
Add back best commit: Red's SpinTrade.
Add egg trades, foreign Dittos and OT for Twitch.
If ItemMule is enabled, also display the item a user is receiving.
Add periodic time sync toggle for all methods of hosting (except for non-soft locked AutoRoll) to (hopefully) prevent den rollover during extended hosts.

Add routine to exit a lobby for SoftLock if no players are ready in time (to preserve soft lock).

Add a routine to recover from disbanded lobbies (when someone disconnects unexpectedly) for SoftLock.

Add a routine to restart game if all else fails and we're stuck in a raid.

Add a routine for adding and deleting friends if we're soft locked and raids go empty.

Slightly reorganize settings, extract methods, minor clean.
Don't use such a generic file name for stream assets.
Check USB port index for running bots. Should fix adding additional USB bots when no config is saved.
Add fixed met date for FixOT.
How do I boolean
Change airplane mode logic, tweak timings and routine for soft lock lobby exit
Rework EggRoll cooldown (static list in favor of a txt file).
Start clean up and refactor
Add setting to increase delay after pressing "Home" after a date skip.
Use USB port index for blocking and sprite pngs if connection type is USB
Add option for airplane host (usb-botbase required)
Add option to softlock on selected species for AutoRoll
Add automatic compatibility for all console languages when date skipping (have to set ConsoleLanguage under ScreenDetection)
Attempt to fix multiple USB device add and connect...again
Minor clean
Fix oops?
Handle add/remove of bots
Distinguish between multiple USB devices, tweak BotRemoteControl for USB, other various fixes
Add SpA modifier for foreign Dittos
Add alpha USB-Botbase support
Fix DateTime parsing for European format for EggRoll
Set fixed EggMetDate and MetDate for EggRoll
More FixOT filters
Remove Beheeyem. Oops.
Split EggRoll into its own routine and trade type, only output "Receiving: Mysterious Egg" if routine is EggRoll, other minor tweaks and fixes
Make FixOT its own queue with roles and counts
Add a couple more OTs to $fix
Parsing for EggRaffle auto-clear and $clearcooldown
Adjust timings and split Watt collecting clicks for AutoRoll
Fix oops with file attachments for Ditto
Further improvements for OT, memes for invalid pokemon (disable EasterEggs)
Add spaces, digits for OT
Randomize memes, cut down bloat
Fix miscellaneous bots after Anubis' recent QOL additions
-Ignore events for OT because headache.
-Add overlooked "$convert <generation>" input for OT.
-Move $clearcooldown to SudoModule
-Clear timer automatically if NoTrainerFound
-More reliable Dittos
-Foreign Dittos for $convert
-Command to clear cooldown for EggRaffle in case trade gets disconnected
-Fix "Trade finished" line to keep result secret
-EggRaffle as a toggle, option to specify channels
-Seed Check output to both DMs and Channel (apparently some want it)
-Randomly generated egg raffle via a "$roll" command with a configurable cooldown
-FixAdOT reworked, has its own command "$fix" and no longer overrides $clone
-Ball: <value> output for Showdown sets
-Fix oversight
-Option to output Seed Check results to Discord channel with a User mention
-Showdown set output for OT name and eggs
-Basic "OT: <name>" option without Showdown set output
-Initial $convert support for EggTrade
-Egg moves for EggTrade test attempt
-Minor update
-EggTrade (by nicknaming a Pokémon "Egg" using $trade)
-Failsafe for memes if enabled but field left blank or incomplete
-Niche breedable Ditto trade mode.
Add minimize button
EggFetch text logs
StrongSpawn mode for EncounterBot
Re-add EncounterBot Master Ball catching
More parsing for FixAdOTs
Park Ball as held item instead of string
Actually remove the offset instead of saying I did
Initial DLC commit
Faster code entry
Removed catching for EncounterBot (need a new offset)
CloneBot mode to fix Nickname and OT if adverts detected

---
## [diffalot/dotfiles-nvim@3af146e6e3...](https://github.com/diffalot/dotfiles-nvim/commit/3af146e6e31bacc7cf96408afc36755874074e8d)
##### 2021-05-09 13:35:33 by Alice Davis

happy with all the functionality and the speed

* Several different ways to view all the git commits and of course
  fugitive to run all git commands in the browser
* a nice selection of themes, and they're that I can cycle through when
  I get bored of the same old (but where to keep the fonts???
* my first vim scripts, and the lightswitch for daytime to nighttime
  coding is quite useful for me.  (I love that I don't get blasted by a
  white LCD in the middle of the night by opening a terminal
* I'm onto my second round of plugin selections for tag analysis, and I think
  Vista.vim will be fun to use because it supplements the tags with
  function listings from the langage servers. So that will make learning
  about tags a little easier.
* LSP server and client, I was running CoC, but found my understanding
  of how to manage its keybindings, operations, and use to be a bit
  limited.  Now I've switched over to the internal neovim LS client, and
  I think I'm probably goig to enjoy working on complex configs in lua
  to vim script.  And, that the neovim LS client is a little behind in
  features will help me really learn what the language server is doing
  rather than what the ui is doing
* syntax highlighting for days, and most of it's turned off.  Polyglot
  has handled everything I've thrown at it (and I'm not fery far out
  there... so of course it would.  I'll turn on more stuff when I need
  it.
* another first for me is undo tree.  It looks like it's gonna save my
  ass a few times.  And I like how detailed teh configuration is, I need
  to read through how those feature flags are managed
* a whole lot of text editing tools, spelling, style linting, quick
  persistent scratchpad.....  And I feel way more organized and in
  control of what my text editor is doing thatn I have in a long time.

There are a few things I haven't tested yet ;{

* vim-thematic - I think it will come in handy as my theme collediton
  grows and I become more picky
* Ctags - I think I have a faint understanding of what they are and
  how they are useful.  But I didn't know nearly enough to properly
  operate the code scanners, and, I unininstalled that stuff.

---
## [lexmag/otp@092584bb2e...](https://github.com/lexmag/otp/commit/092584bb2e0635bfbf73931c61c95d0b178caeb4)
##### 2021-05-09 15:03:03 by John Högberg

re: Document [:ascii:] character class deficiency

The regex library we use can work either in locale-specific mode,
or unicode mode. The locale-specific mode uses a pregenerated
table to tell which characters are printable, numeric, and so on.

For historical reasons, OTP has always used Latin-1 for this table,
so characters like `ö` are considered to be letters. This is fine,
but the library has two quirks that don't play well with each
other:

* The locale-specific table is always consulted for code points
  below 256 regardless of whether we're in unicode mode or not,
  and the `ucp` option only affects code points that aren't
  defined in this table (zeroed).
* The character class `[:ascii:]` matches characters that are
  defined in the above table.

This is fine when the regex library is built with its default ASCII
table: `[:ascii:]` only matches ASCII characters (by definition)
and the library documentation states that `ucp` is required to
match characters beyond that with `\w` and friends.

Unfortunately, we build the library with the Latin-1 table so
`[:ascii:]` matches Latin-1 characters instead, and we can't change
the table since we've documented that `\w` etc work fine with
Latin-1 characters, only requiring `ucp` for characters beyond
that.

At this point you might be thinking that this is a bug in how the
regex library handles `[:ascii:]`. Well, yes, POSIX says it should
match all code points between 0-127, but that's misleading since
it's only true for strict supersets of ASCII: should `[:ascii:]`
match 0x5C if the table is Shift-JIS? It would be just as wrong as
matching `ö`. :-(

Why not try to do the right thing and mark ASCII-compatibility for
each code point, since (for instance) 0x41 is `A` both in ASCII and
Shift-JIS? There's no way to ask a locale whether a code point
refers to the same character in ASCII, so the users would need to
manually go through the tables after generating them. Happy fun
times.

I've settled for documenting this mess since we can't fix this
on our end without breaking people's code, and there's not much
point in reporting this upstream since it'll either be misleading
or far too much work for the user, and PCRE-8.x is nearing the
very end of its life.

---
## [TheMadman/ceasoning@1d380e23bf...](https://github.com/TheMadman/ceasoning/commit/1d380e23bf1b10a5796306e2d8687eaccdbd1288)
##### 2021-05-09 15:45:13 by Marcus Harrison

The Great Refactoring

Original design was to have a single resource type,
use a vtable variable with mostly noops except for
initializer, and the initializer would replace the
vtable with implementations on success.

Lots of downsides:
- Lots of boilerplate code for the same thing, over and over
- Changing values around for the vtables in three places -
  initial constructor, initializer and deinitializer
- a validity function that is mostly unused, since we know
  uninitialized values are invalid and initialized values are
  valid

Basically no upsides I can think of.

New design, csalt_resources have on function - csalt_resource_init -
and it returns a new type, csalt_resource_initialized*. Returns a
valid pointer on success, or NULL on failure. Initialized types are
csalt_stores with one more function - deinitialize.

- Much less boilerplate and much simpler code
- Since we know we can't read/write/etc. an uninitialized
  resource, we just remove the possibility
- Since we can't initialize an initialized resource, we
  just remove the possibility
- I seriously can't emphasise enough how much simpler the code
  is and I was getting sick of repeating the same code over and
  over and

Listen, you can whine about technical debt or you can grow
a spine and fucking fix it because YOU'RE THE ONE IN CHARGE HERE

YOU'RE THE MASTER NOW

Sorry, taking out my frustration about previous employers.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@0b37526d83...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0b37526d8339c504fb0b240d415b00dc944ba7e2)
##### 2021-05-09 17:39:01 by Marko Grdinić

"2pm. Let me do the chores here.

2:10pm. I did not have to do much today. Okay, let me stop RI for the time being.

I've come to a decision, I am going to give up on input filtering. It seems like a nice optimization at first glance, but it has too many disadvantages when considered across various different contexts. For the GPU, rather than lowering its consumption when there is nothing to do, I really should be focusing on giving it more work instead.

The issues with contracting the input space as the processing goes along is not something I want to deal with.

2:30pm. Ok, enough. Stop taking breaks. Focus me. I can put a few hours into this.

2:50pm. My focus is high, but let me step away from the screen for a bit. I am converging to some conclussions, but need some time to elaborate them.

3:10pm. I took a short nap to think about it.

I've come to a decision - RNNs are out. There is no way to implement RNN agents efficiently on the GPU. It would be different if I had a specialized chip with its own dedicates threads for every outer dimension, but with the GPU, even for 2p games I'd have to waste 50% of the computation on every calculation.

This is because while p1 is acting, p2 will have to wait. With a feedforward net this would not be a problem since it has no state that needs to be carried over, but recurrent nets do. With 6p games I'd need to waste 5/6ths of the computational capacity!

The solution to make this efficient would be to use a data structure to store intermediate states for each player. But a regular matrix cannot be used for this, the data structure would have to be immutable. Or something like an array of arrays...

But either way, fetching these states from such a data structure in order to assemble them into a matrix would be expensive and complicated. And RNNs in particular are harder to train than feedforward nets.

Since transformers are feedforward nets, I should use them instead.

Also, when trained using backprop, RNNs are effectively feedforward anyway.

3:20pm. Forget it, I can safely leave RNNs out of consideration. Who knows if they will become dominant even on future hardware.

It is feedforward nets all the way for me from here. I should consider transformers for full NL holdem.

Hmmm, let me read that MLPmixer paper.

...Agh, let me reset the router.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.01601
MLP-Mixer - An all-MLP Architecture for Vision

I want to see what conclusions I can draw from this.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.07368
Explicit Regularisation in Gaussian Noise Injections

I might as well read this. I had the idea of injecting noise, and this should improve my understanding of what I was suggesting.

3:50pm. Ok, I think I get what MLP mixer is doing. It is interesting that it works so well.

Let me read the noise paper.

3:55pm. Ok, done. Some math stuff, not a big deal. Let me take a look at the MLP mixer again. What regularization is it using? It was not in the pseudocode.

> In particular, we use RandAugment [12], mixup [56], dropout [42], and stochastic depth [19].

Hadn't heard about the first two.

4:15pm. Done with lunch. It was a lot earlier today than I expected.

Mixup trains a net on convex combination of pairs of examples and their labels. Interesting.

4:20pm. Let me still my thoughts, they are too scattered around.

RNNs are out. Transformers, that is feedforward nets that can take in arbitrary length sequences will require some extra consideration for efficiency, but it is not a big deal.

4:30pm. The tabular methods, I'd also put into the feedforward category.

...Input filtering is out, just as I'd said earlier. Let me think through that again.

It is just so hard to start for me. Overcoming my internal inertia is a huge hurdle.

4:35pm. Let me step away from the screen.

6:50pm. Oh, it seems I stepped away for a while.

I was thinking about long term credit assignment and long term memory. Value functions and TD learning are a clue.

Now that I have my new training method, I can see gradient coming into the inputs as viable targets.

When composing networks which have different timescales, backprop would not work as by the time the slow net gets the targets, the fast net's trace would have already decayed.

The answer is to do what TD does - predict the targets. If it were before, that would have been absurd since the gradients could be badly unhinged, but once I rescale them, I'd get what I need.

Once the issue of passing rewards at different timescales becomes an issue, the only choice is to start predicting them. This is the answer, it cannot be anything else.

7pm. There was a period (probably in 2019) where I looked around for ways of making recurrence propagate info beyond the backprop horizon. There were some papers on that, but they were just hacks in the end. Fancy math, some benchmarks, but nothing that clicked.

I think this situation here is the same as with unsupervised learning. First there were autoencoders and they worked on just toys. Then there were GANs which worked on bigger toys, but couldn't possibly be the answer due to instability. Then there was the training scheme in the GMN paper that could make the stable.

Forget about unrolling RNNs for arbitrary number of steps. The only consideration RNNs should have is whether I want weight sharing across timesteps. I already know that LSTMs and regular RNNs cannot propagate info for very long distances regardless.

What can do it even with backprop are tree-like architectures in which the higher levels take info at increasingly longer timescales. Even if some trick exists that could make info propagate for a lot longer in RNNs are now, do I really think it will ever be the case that it will optimize for something like 2 ** 32 timesteps?

A tree NN could do that with 32 layers without trouble.

But even if the training could work in theory, the computer cannot possibly hold that many inputs in memory.

So the answer is the same as in TD learning - predict. When the memory is not big enough, use your own internal state as reference.

7:15pm. I do not know what the right scheme for doing that is, but it does not matter.

What matters is that I believe in it.

I've been agonizing about RNNs and architectures in the past, but that MLP Mixer paper proves that architectures are ultimately a technicality.

7:20pm. I should believe that everything I need is here. It will take a few more innovations to get where I want, but those will just be new spins on an old thing.

When truly long-term memory become necessary, the method to make synthetic gradients work will appear. For all I know maybe what exists today works well, though I doubt it.

7:30pm. Let me close here. My progress is snail-like, but tomorrow I will try to get the training procedure and the uniform agent to work as a sketch.

I am going to get through my inhibitions even if it kills me. Today I might not have done much programming, but I did not spent this time playing games or reading novels. I spent it trying to iron out my beliefs. Eventually the effort today will turn into motivation to do programming tomorrow. I will build the strength to travel the path.

I just had to think about the issue of the sequence length. It is inevitable that trying to decide between feedforward nets and recurrent ones would trigger this debate in me.

Not having a good reply for long term credit assignment is one of my weaknesses, but it is not that there aren't any hints in the present on what will the truth of tomorrow."

---
## [cdce8p/setuptools@34aee2c10a...](https://github.com/cdce8p/setuptools/commit/34aee2c10a908b2add13a3f41d897008a1d69bb0)
##### 2021-05-09 17:53:24 by Georg Brandl

#1370: Finish the merge r58749, log below, by resolving all conflicts in Doc/.

Merged revisions 58221-58741 via svnmerge from
svn+ssh://pythondev@svn.python.org/python/trunk

........
  r58221 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-20 10:57:59 -0700 (Thu, 20 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  Patch #1181: add os.environ.clear() method.
........
  r58225 | sean.reifschneider | 2007-09-20 23:33:28 -0700 (Thu, 20 Sep 2007) | 3 lines

  Issue1704287: "make install" fails unless you do "make" first.  Make
     oldsharedmods and sharedmods in "libinstall".
........
  r58232 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-09-22 13:18:03 -0700 (Sat, 22 Sep 2007) | 4 lines

  Patch # 188 by Philip Jenvey.
  Make tell() mark CRLF as a newline.
  With unit test.
........
  r58242 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 10:55:47 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix typo and double word.
........
  r58245 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 10:59:28 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1196: document default radix for int().
........
  r58247 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 11:08:24 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1177: accept 2xx responses for https too, not only http.
........
  r58249 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 16:45:51 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Remove stray odd character; grammar fix
........
  r58250 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 16:46:28 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Typo fix
........
  r58251 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 17:09:42 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Add various items
........
  r58268 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 22:34:45 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to flush and close logic to fix #1760556.
........
  r58269 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 22:38:51 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to basicConfig() to fix #1021.
........
  r58270 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-26 23:26:58 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1208: document match object's boolean value.
........
  r58271 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 23:56:13 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Minor date change.
........
  r58272 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-27 00:35:10 -0700 (Thu, 27 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to LogRecord.__init__() to fix #1206. Note that archaic use of type(x) == types.DictType is because of keeping 1.5.2 compatibility. While this is much less relevant these days, there probably needs to be a separate commit for removing all archaic constructs at the same time.
........
  r58288 | brett.cannon | 2007-09-30 12:45:10 -0700 (Sun, 30 Sep 2007) | 9 lines

  tuple.__repr__ did not consider a reference loop as it is not possible from
  Python code; but it is possible from C.  object.__str__ had the issue of not
  expecting a type to doing something within it's tp_str implementation that
  could trigger an infinite recursion, but it could in C code..  Both found
  thanks to BaseException and how it handles its repr.

  Closes issue #1686386.  Thanks to Thomas Herve for taking an initial stab at
  coming up with a solution.
........
  r58289 | brett.cannon | 2007-09-30 13:37:19 -0700 (Sun, 30 Sep 2007) | 3 lines

  Fix error introduced by r58288; if a tuple is length 0 return its repr and
  don't worry about any self-referring tuples.
........
  r58294 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-02 10:01:24 -0700 (Tue, 02 Oct 2007) | 11 lines


  Made the various is_* operations return booleans.  This was discussed
  with Cawlishaw by mail, and he basically confirmed that to these is_*
  operations, there's no need to return Decimal(0) and Decimal(1) if
  the language supports the False and True booleans.

  Also added a few tests for the these functions in extra.decTest, since
  they are mostly untested (apart from the doctests).

  Thanks Mark Dickinson
........
  r58295 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-02 11:21:18 -0700 (Tue, 02 Oct 2007) | 4 lines


  Added a class to store the digits of log(10), so that they can be made
  available when necessary without recomputing.  Thanks Mark Dickinson
........
  r58299 | mark.summerfield | 2007-10-03 01:53:21 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Added note in footnote about string comparisons about
  unicodedata.normalize().
........
  r58304 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-03 14:18:11 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  enumerate() is no longer bounded to using sequences shorter than LONG_MAX.  The possibility of overflow was sending some newsgroup posters into a tizzy.
........
  r58305 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-03 17:20:27 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  itertools.count() no longer limited to sys.maxint.
........
  r58306 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 18:49:54 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Assume that the user knows when he wants to end the line; don't insert
  something he didn't select or complete.
........
  r58307 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:07:50 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Remove unused theme that was causing a fault in p3k.
........
  r58308 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:09:17 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clean up EditorWindow close.
........
  r58309 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:53:07 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  textView cleanup. Patch 1718043 Tal Einat.

  M    idlelib/EditorWindow.py
  M    idlelib/aboutDialog.py
  M    idlelib/textView.py
  M    idlelib/NEWS.txt
........
  r58310 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 20:11:12 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  configDialog cleanup. Patch 1730217 Tal Einat.
........
  r58311 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-03 23:00:48 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Coverity #151: Remove deadcode.

  All this code already exists above starting at line 653.
........
  r58325 | fred.drake | 2007-10-04 19:46:12 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  wrap lines to <80 characters before fixing errors
........
  r58326 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-04 19:47:07 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  Add __asdict__() to NamedTuple and refine the docs.
  Add maxlen support to deque() and fixup docs.
  Partially fix __reduce__().  The None as a third arg was no longer supported.
  Still needs work on __reduce__() to handle recursive inputs.
........
  r58327 | fred.drake | 2007-10-04 19:48:32 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  move descriptions of ac_(in|out)_buffer_size to the right place
  http://bugs.python.org/issue1053
........
  r58329 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 20:39:17 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  dict could be NULL, so we need to XDECREF.
  Fix a compiler warning about passing a PyTypeObject* instead of PyObject*.
........
  r58330 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 20:41:19 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix Coverity #158: Check the correct variable.
........
  r58332 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 22:01:38 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  Fix Coverity #159.

  This code was broken if save() returned a negative number since i contained
  a boolean value and then we compared i < 0 which should never be true.

  Will backport (assuming it's necessary)
........
  r58334 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 22:29:17 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add a note about fixing some more warnings found by Coverity.
........
  r58338 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-05 12:07:31 -0700 (Fri, 05 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Restore BEGIN/END THREADS macros which were squashed in the previous checkin
........
  r58343 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 00:48:10 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Stab in the dark attempt to fix the test_bsddb3 failure on sparc and S-390
  ubuntu buildbots.
........
  r58344 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 00:51:59 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Allows BerkeleyDB 4.6.x >= 4.6.21 for the bsddb module.
........
  r58348 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 08:47:37 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Use the host the author likely meant in the first place.  pop.gmail.com is
  reliable.  gmail.org is someones personal domain.
........
  r58351 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-06 12:16:28 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Ensure that this test will pass even if another test left an unwritable TESTFN.
  Also use the safe unlink in test_support instead of rolling our own here.
........
  r58368 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 00:50:24 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  #1123: fix the docs for the str.split(None, sep) case.
  Also expand a few other methods' docs, which had more info in the deprecated string module docs.
........
  r58369 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 01:06:05 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Update docstring of sched, also remove an unused assignment.
........
  r58370 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 02:14:28 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Add comments to NamedTuple code.
  Let the field spec be either a string or a non-string sequence (suggested by Martin Blais with use cases).
  Improve the error message in the case of a SyntaxError (caused by a duplicate field name).
........
  r58371 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 02:56:29 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Missed a line in the docs
........
  r58372 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 03:11:51 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Better variable names
........
  r58376 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 07:12:47 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  #1199: docs for tp_as_{number,sequence,mapping}, by Amaury Forgeot d'Arc.
  No need to merge this to py3k!
........
  r58380 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 14:26:58 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Eliminate camelcase function name
........
  r58381 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-08 16:23:03 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Eliminate camelcase function name
........
  r58382 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 18:36:23 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Make the error messages more specific
........
  r58384 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-08 23:02:21 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 10 lines

  Splits Modules/_bsddb.c up into bsddb.h and _bsddb.c and adds a C API
  object available as bsddb.db.api.  This is based on the patch submitted
  by Duncan Grisby here:
    http://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=1551895&group_id=13900&atid=313900
  See this thread for additional info:
    http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=E1GAVDK-0002rk-Iw%40apasphere.com&forum_name=pybsddb-users

  It also cleans up the code a little by removing some ifdef/endifs for
  python prior to 2.1 and for unsupported Berkeley DB <= 3.2.
........
  r58385 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-08 23:50:43 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix a double free when positioning a database cursor to a non-existant
  string key (and probably a few other situations with string keys).
  This was reported with a patch as pybsddb sourceforge bug 1708868 by
  jjjhhhlll at gmail.
........
  r58386 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-09 00:19:11 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Use the highest cPickle protocol in bsddb.dbshelve.  This comes from
  sourceforge pybsddb patch 1551443 by w_barnes.
........
  r58394 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-09 11:26:02 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  remove another sleepycat reference
........
  r58396 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 12:31:30 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Allow interrupt only when executing user code in subprocess
  Patch 1225 Tal Einat modified from IDLE-Spoon.
........
  r58399 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-09 17:07:50 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Remove file-level typedefs that were inconsistently used throughout the file.
  Just move over to the public API names.

  Closes issue1238.
........
  r58401 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-09 17:26:46 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Accept Jim Jewett's api suggestion to use None instead of -1 to indicate unbounded deques.
........
  r58403 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 17:55:40 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Allow cursor color change w/o restart. Patch 1725576 Tal Einat.
........
  r58404 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 18:06:47 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  show paste if > 80 columns.  Patch 1659326 Tal Einat.
........
  r58415 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-11 12:51:32 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  On OS X, use os.uname() instead of gestalt.sysv(...) to get the
  operating system version.  This allows to use ctypes when Python
  was configured with --disable-toolbox-glue.
........
  r58419 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:01 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get rid of warning about not being able to create an existing directory.
........
  r58420 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:30 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get rid of warnings on a bunch of platforms by using a proper prototype.
........
  r58421 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:54 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Get rid of compiler warning about retval being used (returned) without
  being initialized.  (gcc warning and Coverity 202)
........
  r58422 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:03:23 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix Coverity 168:  Close the file before returning (exiting).
........
  r58423 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:04:18 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix Coverity 180:  Don't overallocate.  We don't need structs, but pointers.
  Also fix a memory leak.
........
  r58424 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:05:19 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix Coverity 185-186:  If the passed in FILE is NULL, uninitialized memory
  would be accessed.

  Will backport.
........
  r58425 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:52:34 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get this module to compile with bsddb versions prior to 4.3
........
  r58430 | martin.v.loewis | 2007-10-12 01:56:52 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Bug #1216: Restore support for Visual Studio 2002.
  Will backport to 2.5.
........
  r58433 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-12 10:53:11 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix test of count.__repr__() to ignore the 'L' if the count is a long
........
  r58434 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-12 11:44:06 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fixes http://bugs.python.org/issue1233 - bsddb.dbshelve.DBShelf.append
  was useless due to inverted logic.  Also adds a test case for RECNO dbs
  to test_dbshelve.
........
  r58445 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-13 06:20:03 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix email example.
........
  r58450 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-13 16:02:05 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix an uncollectable reference leak in bsddb.db.DBShelf.append
........
  r58453 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-13 17:18:40 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 8 lines

  Let the O/S supply a port if none of the default ports can be used.
  This should make the tests more robust at the expense of allowing
  tests to be sloppier by not requiring them to cleanup after themselves.
  (It will legitamitely help when running two test suites simultaneously
  or if another process is already using one of the predefined ports.)

  Also simplifies (slightLy) the exception handling elsewhere.
........
  r58459 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-14 11:30:21 -0700 (Sun, 14 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Don't raise a string exception, they don't work anymore.
........
  r58460 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-14 11:40:37 -0700 (Sun, 14 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Use unittest for assertions
........
  r58468 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-15 00:48:35 -0700 (Mon, 15 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  test_bigbits was not testing what it seemed to.
........
  r58471 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-15 08:54:11 -0700 (Mon, 15 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Change a PyErr_Print() into a PyErr_Clear(),
  per discussion in issue 1031213.
........
  r58500 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-16 12:18:30 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Improve error messages
........
  r58506 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-16 14:28:32 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  More docs, error messages, and tests
........
  r58507 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-16 15:58:03 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add items
........
  r58508 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-16 16:24:06 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Remove ``:const:`` notation on None in parameter list.  Since the markup is not
  rendered for parameters it just showed up as ``:const:`None` `` in the output.
........
  r58509 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-16 16:26:45 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Re-order some functions whose parameters differ between PyObject and const char
  * so that they are next to each other.
........
  r58522 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-17 11:46:37 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix the overflow checking of list_repeat.
  Introduce overflow checking into list_inplace_repeat.

  Backport candidate, possibly.
........
  r58530 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-17 20:16:03 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 7 lines


  Issue #1580738.  When HTTPConnection reads the whole stream with read(),
  it closes itself.  When the stream is read in several calls to read(n),
  it should behave in the same way if HTTPConnection knows where the end
  of the stream is (through self.length).  Added a test case for this
  behaviour.
........
  r58531 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-17 20:44:48 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 3 lines


  Issue 1289, just a typo.
........
  r58532 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 00:56:54 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  cleanup test_dbtables to use mkdtemp.  cleanup dbtables to pass txn as a
  keyword argument whenever possible to avoid bugs and confusion.  (dbtables.py
  line 447 self.db.get using txn as a non-keyword was an actual bug due to this)
........
  r58533 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 01:34:20 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix a weird bug in dbtables: if it chose a random rowid string that contained
  NULL bytes it would cause the database all sorts of problems in the future
  leading to very strange random failures and corrupt dbtables.bsdTableDb dbs.
........
  r58534 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 09:32:02 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  A cleaner fix than the one committed last night.  Generate random rowids that
  do not contain null bytes.
........
  r58537 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 10:17:57 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  mention bsddb fixes.
........
  r58538 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-18 14:13:06 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Remove useless warning
........
  r58539 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-19 00:31:20 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  squelch the warning that this test is supposed to trigger.
........
  r58542 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-19 05:32:39 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clarify wording for apply().
........
  r58544 | mark.summerfield | 2007-10-19 05:48:17 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Added a cross-ref to each other.
........
  r58545 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-19 10:38:49 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  #1284: "S" means "seen", not unread.
........
  r58548 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-19 11:11:41 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix ctypes on 32-bit systems when Python is configured --with-system-ffi.
  See also https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/72505.

  Ported from release25-maint branch.
........
  r58550 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-19 12:25:57 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 8 lines


  The constructor from tuple was way too permissive: it allowed bad
  coefficient numbers, floats in the sign, and other details that
  generated directly the wrong number in the best case, or triggered
  misfunctionality in the alorithms.

  Test cases added for these issues. Thanks Mark Dickinson.
........
  r58559 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 06:22:53 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix code being interpreted as a target.
........
  r58561 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 06:36:24 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Document new "cmdoption" directive.
........
  r58562 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 08:21:22 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Make a path more Unix-standardy.
........
  r58564 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 10:51:39 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Document new directive "envvar".
........
  r58567 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:08:14 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  * Add new toplevel chapter, "Using Python." (how to install,
    configure and setup python on different platforms -- at least
    in theory.)
  * Move the Python on Mac docs in that chapter.
  * Add a new chapter about the command line invocation, by stargaming.
........
  r58568 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:33:20 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Change title, for now.
........
  r58569 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:39:25 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add entry to ACKS.
........
  r58570 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 12:05:45 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clarify -E docs.
........
  r58571 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 12:08:36 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Even more clarification.
........
  r58572 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:25:37 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix protocol name
........
  r58573 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:35:18 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Various items
........
  r58574 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:39:35 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Use correct header line
........
  r58576 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-21 02:14:15 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Add a crasher for the long-standing issue with closing a file
  while another thread uses it.
........
  r58577 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:01:56 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Remove duplicate crasher.
........
  r58578 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:24:20 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Unify "byte code" to "bytecode". Also sprinkle :term: markup for it.
........
  r58579 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:32:54 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add markup to new function descriptions.
........
  r58580 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:45:46 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for descriptors.
........
  r58581 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:46:24 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Unify "file-descriptor" to "file descriptor".
........
  r58582 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:52:38 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term: for generators.
........
  r58583 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 05:10:28 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for iterator.
........
  r58584 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 05:15:05 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for "new-style class".
........
  r58588 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-21 21:47:54 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add Chris Monson so he can edit PEPs.
........
  r58594 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-22 09:27:19 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Issue #1307, patch by Derek Shockey.
  When "MAIL" is received without args, an exception happens instead of
  sending a 501 syntax error response.
........
  r58598 | travis.oliphant | 2007-10-22 19:40:56 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add phuang patch from Issue 708374 which adds offset parameter to mmap module.
........
  r58601 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-22 22:44:27 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Bug #1313, fix typo (wrong variable name) in example.
........
  r58609 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-23 11:21:35 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Update Pygments version from externals.
........
  r58618 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-23 12:25:41 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Issue 1307 by Derek Shockey, fox the same bug for RCPT.
  Neal: please backport!
........
  r58620 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 13:37:41 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Shorter name for namedtuple()
........
  r58621 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-23 13:55:47 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Update name
........
  r58622 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 14:23:07 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fixup news entry
........
  r58623 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 18:28:33 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Optimize sum() for integer and float inputs.
........
  r58624 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 19:05:51 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fixup error return and add support for intermixed ints and floats/
........
  r58628 | vinay.sajip | 2007-10-24 03:47:06 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Bug #1321: Fixed logic error in TimedRotatingFileHandler.__init__()
........
  r58641 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-24 12:11:08 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 4 lines


  Issue 1290.  CharacterData.__repr__ was constructing a string
  in response that keeped having a non-ascii character.
........
  r58643 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-24 12:50:45 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Added unittest for calling a function with paramflags (backport from py3k branch).
........
  r58645 | matthias.klose | 2007-10-24 13:00:44 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  - Build using system ffi library on arm*-linux*.
........
  r58651 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-24 14:40:38 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Bug #1287: make os.environ.pop() work as expected.
........
  r58652 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-24 19:26:58 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Missing DECREFs
........
  r58653 | matthias.klose | 2007-10-24 23:37:24 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  - Build using system ffi library on arm*-linux*, pass --with-system-ffi to CONFIG_ARGS
........
  r58655 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-25 12:47:32 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  ffi_type_longdouble may be already #defined.
  See issue 1324.
........
  r58656 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-25 15:43:45 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Correct an ancient bug in an unused path by removing that path: register() is
  now idempotent.
........
  r58660 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-25 17:10:09 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  1. Add comments to provide top-level documentation.
  2. Refactor to use more descriptive names.
  3. Enhance tests in main().
........
  r58675 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-26 11:30:41 -0700 (Fri, 26 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix new pop() method on os.environ on ignorecase-platforms.
........
  r58696 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-27 15:32:21 -0700 (Sat, 27 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Update URL for Pygments.  0.8.1 is no longer available
........
  r58697 | hyeshik.chang | 2007-10-28 04:19:02 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  - Add support for FreeBSD 8 which is recently forked from FreeBSD 7.
  - Regenerate IN module for most recent maintenance tree of FreeBSD 6 and 7.
........
  r58698 | hyeshik.chang | 2007-10-28 05:38:09 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Enable platform-specific tweaks for FreeBSD 8 (exactly same to FreeBSD 7's yet)
........
  r58700 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-28 12:03:59 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add confirmation dialog before printing.  Patch 1717170 Tal Einat.
........
  r58706 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-29 13:52:45 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Patch 1353 by Jacob Winther.
  Add mp4 mapping to mimetypes.py.
........
  r58709 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-29 15:15:05 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  Backport fixes for the code that decodes octal escapes (and for PyString
  also hex escapes) -- this was reaching beyond the end of the input string
  buffer, even though it is not supposed to be \0-terminated.
  This has no visible effect but is clearly the correct thing to do.
  (In 3.0 it had a visible effect after removing ob_sstate from PyString.)
........
  r58710 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-29 19:38:54 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  check in Tal Einat's update to tabpage.py
  Patch 1612746

  M    configDialog.py
  M    NEWS.txt
  AM   tabbedpages.py
........
  r58715 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-30 10:51:18 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Use correct markup.
........
  r58716 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-30 10:57:12 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Make example about hiding None return values at the prompt clearer.
........
  r58728 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-30 23:33:20 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix some compiler warnings for signed comparisons on Unix and Windows.
........
  r58731 | martin.v.loewis | 2007-10-31 10:19:33 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Adding Christian Heimes.
........
  r58737 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-31 14:57:58 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Clarify the reasons why pickle is almost always better than marshal
........
  r58739 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-31 15:15:49 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Sets are marshalable.
........

---
## [0x450x6c/nix-doom-emacs@d6d7b90e90...](https://github.com/0x450x6c/nix-doom-emacs/commit/d6d7b90e90afa8e51f4433f81a8d8b6f88a774e8)
##### 2021-05-09 22:54:31 by github-actions[bot]

test/doom.d/init.el: Updating from hlissner/doom-emacs - 193382e2

### Changes for test/doom.d/init.el

```diff
--- 
+++ 
@@ -111,7 +111,8 @@
 
        :lang
        ;;agda              ; types of types of types of types...
-       ;;cc                ; C/C++/Obj-C madness
+       ;;beancount         ; mind the GAAP
+       ;;cc                ; C > C++ == 1
        ;;clojure           ; java with a lisp
        ;;common-lisp       ; if you've seen one lisp, you've seen them all
        ;;coq               ; proofs-as-programs
@@ -124,6 +125,7 @@
        emacs-lisp        ; drown in parentheses
        ;;erlang            ; an elegant language for a more civilized age
        ;;ess               ; emacs speaks statistics
+       ;;factor
        ;;faust             ; dsp, but you get to keep your soul
        ;;fsharp            ; ML stands for Microsoft's Language
        ;;fstar             ; (dependent) types and (monadic) effects and Z3
@@ -138,9 +140,8 @@
        ;;julia             ; a better, faster MATLAB
        ;;kotlin            ; a better, slicker Java(Script)
        ;;latex             ; writing papers in Emacs has never been so fun
-       ;;lean
-       ;;factor
-       ;;ledger            ; an accounting system in Emacs
+       ;;lean              ; for folks with too much to prove
+       ;;ledger            ; be audit you can be
        ;;lua               ; one-based indices? one-based indices
        markdown          ; writing docs for people to ignore
        ;;nim               ; python + lisp at the speed of c
@@ -159,7 +160,7 @@
        ;;(ruby +rails)     ; 1.step {|i| p "Ruby is #{i.even? ? 'love' : 'life'}"}
        ;;rust              ; Fe2O3.unwrap().unwrap().unwrap().unwrap()
        ;;scala             ; java, but good
-       ;;scheme            ; a fully conniving family of lisps
+       ;;(scheme +guile)   ; a fully conniving family of lisps
        sh                ; she sells {ba,z,fi}sh shells on the C xor
        ;;sml
        ;;solidity          ; do you need a blockchain? No.
@@ -167,6 +168,7 @@
        ;;terra             ; Earth and Moon in alignment for performance.
        ;;web               ; the tubes
        ;;yaml              ; JSON, but readable
+       ;;zig               ; C, but simpler
 
        :email
        ;;(mu4e +gmail)

```

---
## [ninjanomnom/tgstation@c906c44393...](https://github.com/ninjanomnom/tgstation/commit/c906c443931f07931f3a086d479dce1f55795f91)
##### 2021-05-09 23:41:37 by LemonInTheDark

Fixes a fuck ton more harddels (#58779)

Redoes how geese handle eating shit, it was fucking stupid and caused harddels, and while this method is technically slower in the best case, it's a fucking goose
Fixes action related harddels, I hate how they work but at least this way they won't hold refs.
Fixes the hierophont causing its beacon to harddel
Removes the M variable from megafauna actions, it was used like a typed owner and caused harddels, so I burned it
Fixes target and targets_from harddels, replaces all setters of target with LoseTarget and GiveTarget, which should help maintain behavior. I'm not sure if this breaks anything, but if it does we should fix the assumptions that code makes instead of reverting this change
Fixes more area_senstive_contents related harddels, we need to allow the mob to move before clearing out its list.
Fixes marked object harddels (I'm coming for you admin team)
Fixes a language based human harddel
Fixes managed overlay related harddels (This was just emissive blockers, but I think this is a good safety net to have. If we clear the overlay list we should clear this one as well)
Fixes bot core harddels, I hate the fact that this exists but it has no reason to know who its owner is
Adds a walk(src, 0) to simple_animal destroy, it's the best bang for the buck in terms of stopping spurious harddels. Walk related harddels aren't that expensive in the first place, since byond does the same thing I'm doing here, but this makes finding mob harddels easier, so let's go with it
I fixed another source of part harddels, I hate fullupgrade so much
Fixes all the sound loop harddels

---
## [LeifMessinger/LScript@fb7f91340e...](https://github.com/LeifMessinger/LScript/commit/fb7f91340e4b5fd500ff86c33aa097d242f4ff8f)
##### 2021-05-09 23:58:17 by Leif Messinger

C (#1)

* Started fresh

Basically gonna do all of this with c

That reminds me I should change those names from cpp to cpp

* Renamed files

* Wrote my thoughts out before I blackout

TODO: Everything

And edit the makefile so it can compile both c and cpp, and without me
thinking about it

Also research if c object files (Why would they call them that if there
is no objects) can be compiled with c files. That way I might just be
able to have a main.cpp or something. Damn I'm tired

* Did a cat program in c.

Not the most impressive thing, but it's still ok.

I like not using objects, but not using namespaces is where I draw the
line. I kinda make my own namespaces with the underscore.

Also can't overload functions which sucks

* Just testing out my buffer. It works, kinda

It only works if you pipe in the file, because it needs that EOF to get
out of the first character loop.

In cpp this wouldn't be a problem because they got things like getline.

I could still try that character by character stack thing, which is
really why I'm pushing this commit.

* Update Language goal.md

Thinking about writing notations in relation to what I'm doing. Probably gonna put this on hold for a week while I hack something up in js to do this.

Co-authored-by: Leif Messinger <leif@leiftop.leifbron.com>

---

# [<](2021-05-08.md) 2021-05-09 [>](2021-05-10.md)

