# [<](2021-02-25.md) 2021-02-26 [>](2021-02-27.md)

2,824,737 events, 1,446,569 push events, 2,252,638 commit messages, 172,708,178 characters


## [serverless-stack/sst-cdk@bfa1f18c32...](https://github.com/serverless-stack/sst-cdk/commit/bfa1f18c32051cd0e90a003bbbe3e806063c2b8c)
##### 2021-02-26 00:56:46 by Robert Djurasaj

chore(rds): add PG12.5 and deprecate PG9.5 and PG9.6 (#12998)

Added PostgreSQL 12.5 version.

Also, I got a friendly email from AWS that some versions of PG will be forcefully updated, and I've decided to mark PG9.5 and 9.6 as deprecated. (Feb 2021 and Nov 2021 EOLs respectfully).

> Amazon RDS is starting the end of life process for PostgreSQL major version 9.5. We are doing this because the PostgreSQL community is planning to discontinue support for PostgreSQL 9.5 on February 11, 2021 [1].
> 
> Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.5 will reach end of life on February 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC. Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.6 will reach end of life in late 2021. Hence, we strongly encourage you to upgrade your databases running PostgreSQL major version 9.5 to 12 or greater at your convenience before February 16, 2021. PostgreSQL 12 contains major innovations including JSON path queries per SQL/JSON specifications and pluggable table storage interface [2]. PostgreSQL 13 introduced parallel processing of indexes with the VACUUM command and improved duplicate data handling by B-tree indexes [3]. Both versions contain numerous fixes to various software defects in earlier versions of the database.
> 
> If you do not upgrade your databases before February 16, 2021, RDS will upgrade your PostgreSQL 9.5 databases to PostgreSQL 12 during a scheduled maintenance window between Feb 16, 2021 00:00:01 UTC and March 16, 2021 00:00:01 UTC. On March 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC, any PostgreSQL 9.5 databases that remain will be upgraded to version 12 regardless of whether the instances are in a maintenance window or not.
> 
> You can initiate an upgrade of your database instance — either immediately or during your next maintenance window — to a newer major version of PostgreSQL using the AWS Management Console or the AWS Command Line Interface. The upgrade process will shut down the database instance, perform the upgrade, and restart the database instance. The database instance may be restarted multiple times during the upgrade process. While major version upgrades typically complete within the standard maintenance window, the duration of the upgrade depends on the number of objects within the database. To avoid any unplanned unavailability outside your maintenance window, we recommend that you first take a snapshot of your database and test the upgrade to get an estimate of the duration. To learn more about upgrading PostgreSQL major versions in RDS, review the Upgrading Database Versions page [4].
> 
> We want to make you aware of the following additional milestones associated with upgrading these databases that are reaching end of life.
> 
> Now through March 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC - You can initiate upgrades of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.5 instances to PostgreSQL 12 or higher at any time.
> February 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC - After this date and time, you cannot create new RDS instances with PostgreSQL major version 9.5 from either the AWS Console or the CLI. RDS will also automatically upgrade PostgreSQL 9.5 instances to version 12 within the earliest scheduled maintenance window that follows. Restoration of Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL 9.5 database snapshots will result in an automatic upgrade of the restored database to a still supported version at the time.
> March 16, 2021 00:00:01 AM UTC - RDS will automatically upgrade any remaining PostgreSQL 9.5 instances to version 12 whether or not they are in a maintenance window.
> Should you have any questions or concerns, the AWS Support Team is available on the community forums and via Premium Support [5].

----

*By submitting this pull request, I confirm that my contribution is made under the terms of the Apache-2.0 license*

---
## [jhogberg/otp@092584bb2e...](https://github.com/jhogberg/otp/commit/092584bb2e0635bfbf73931c61c95d0b178caeb4)
##### 2021-02-26 07:56:29 by John Högberg

re: Document [:ascii:] character class deficiency

The regex library we use can work either in locale-specific mode,
or unicode mode. The locale-specific mode uses a pregenerated
table to tell which characters are printable, numeric, and so on.

For historical reasons, OTP has always used Latin-1 for this table,
so characters like `ö` are considered to be letters. This is fine,
but the library has two quirks that don't play well with each
other:

* The locale-specific table is always consulted for code points
  below 256 regardless of whether we're in unicode mode or not,
  and the `ucp` option only affects code points that aren't
  defined in this table (zeroed).
* The character class `[:ascii:]` matches characters that are
  defined in the above table.

This is fine when the regex library is built with its default ASCII
table: `[:ascii:]` only matches ASCII characters (by definition)
and the library documentation states that `ucp` is required to
match characters beyond that with `\w` and friends.

Unfortunately, we build the library with the Latin-1 table so
`[:ascii:]` matches Latin-1 characters instead, and we can't change
the table since we've documented that `\w` etc work fine with
Latin-1 characters, only requiring `ucp` for characters beyond
that.

At this point you might be thinking that this is a bug in how the
regex library handles `[:ascii:]`. Well, yes, POSIX says it should
match all code points between 0-127, but that's misleading since
it's only true for strict supersets of ASCII: should `[:ascii:]`
match 0x5C if the table is Shift-JIS? It would be just as wrong as
matching `ö`. :-(

Why not try to do the right thing and mark ASCII-compatibility for
each code point, since (for instance) 0x41 is `A` both in ASCII and
Shift-JIS? There's no way to ask a locale whether a code point
refers to the same character in ASCII, so the users would need to
manually go through the tables after generating them. Happy fun
times.

I've settled for documenting this mess since we can't fix this
on our end without breaking people's code, and there's not much
point in reporting this upstream since it'll either be misleading
or far too much work for the user, and PCRE-8.x is nearing the
very end of its life.

---
## [dkb208/dkb208.github.io@3818f5f550...](https://github.com/dkb208/dkb208.github.io/commit/3818f5f55084695fe307b618ac7b01fcf5d20943)
##### 2021-02-26 18:30:50 by dkb208

Create index.html

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Hank Quinlan, Horrible Cop</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
    		<ul>
        		<li><a href="/">Home</a></li>
	        	<li><a href="/about">About</a></li>
        		<li><a href="/cv">CV</a></li>
        		<li><a href="/blog">Blog</a></li>
    		</ul>
		</nav>
		<div class="container">
    		<div class="blurb">
        		<h1>Hi there, I'm Hank Quinlan!</h1>
				<p>I'm best known as the horrible cop from <em>A Touch of Evil</em> Don't trust me. <a href="/about">Read more about my life...</a></p>
    		</div><!-- /.blurb -->
		</div><!-- /.container -->
		<footer>
    		<ul>
        		<li><a href="mailto:hankquinlanhub@gmail.com">email</a></li>
        		<li><a href="https://github.com/hankquinlan">github.com/hankquinlan</a></li>
			</ul>
		</footer>
	</body>
</html>

---
## [pavanala13433/hackerrank-solved-problems@9130bc53ff...](https://github.com/pavanala13433/hackerrank-solved-problems/commit/9130bc53fff0d7a085c61ffffeb6509150b791c5)
##### 2021-02-26 20:22:53 by PavanAla

Update daily problems

PROBLEM STATEMENTPoints: 30
There is a magical shop owned by The Monk, which consists of magical potions. On the first day there are A number of potions. Let, potions[I] denote the number of potions present in the shop on the Ith day.

potions[I] = potions[I-1] * potions[I-1]
You, Monk's favorite student love to play around with various types of potions. So, you visit the shop regularly and buy all the potions and just keep them with yourself. However, the Monk allows you to go to the shop only on specific days.

You have to find the number of potions that you will have at the very end. Since, the answer can be very large, output it modulo B.

Input Format:
The first line will contain A and B, the number of potions on the first day and the value with which modulo is to be taken. The second line consists of a string consisting of "0" and "1". If the Ith character from left is 1 then you can go to shop on Ith day to buy potions.

Output Format:
Output on a single line, the number of potions that you will have at the end. Since, the answer can be very large, output it modulo B.

Constraints:
1 <= A, B <= 109
1 <= |Length of the string| <= 105
The string will only consist of 1 and 0.

SAMPLE INPUT 
5 100
101
SAMPLE OUTPUT 
30
Explanation
On the first day, the number of potions are 5. Since The Monk allowed you to go to the magical shop to buy the potions. He buy all the potions, you have 5 potions now.
On the second day, the number of potions are 5*5 = 25. Since, the number of potions in the shop on the first day restores to 5 after you leave the shop. However, you cannot go to the shop on the second day, since The Monk doesn't allow you.
On the third day, the number of potions are 25*25 = 625. Since The Monk allowed him to go to the magical shop to buy the potions. He buys all the potions, he has 5+625 = 630 potions.
The answer must be given modulo B, 630 mod 100 = 30

---
## [nextgenthemes/open-webfonts@a92ef77ab7...](https://github.com/nextgenthemes/open-webfonts/commit/a92ef77ab76f6b6cf6020333e17ea7d17e117d7b)
##### 2021-02-26 21:33:59 by Nicolas Jonas

Oh FUCK your ridiculous SJW bullshit. Holy fuck what kind of pussies you pander to? Offended by the master branch. How pathetic can people be?

---
## [hipe/downtownfun@eeff6f67c3...](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun/commit/eeff6f67c3c9165093abbcf2184fa369fffc3305)
##### 2021-02-26 21:39:21 by Mark Meves

feat(kiss-db:pho): introduce “audit trail” ((1604))

Blood was boiling while on this tangent stack:

  ➡ We want to get to publishing (don’t we?)
  ⮑ …so we need “document history”
  ⮑ …so we have to integrate a whole lot of things like:
  ⮑ generate generic audit trail for a kiss-rdb eno entity
  ⮑ combine several of above to create compound audit trail for docu.
  ⮑ generate an audit trail for an as-is document
  ⮑ figure out what data model is for gathering statistics
  ⮑ write just-enough kiss-rdb adapter for sqlite3 for above
  ⮑ oh yeah this wild-ass “schema from GraphViz” craziness
  ⮑ gotta cover the kiss-rdb entity audit trial that works
  ⮑ …so we to write yet another “record system responses” thing

But the real clincher was that once we spent 4 hours writing the
feature and 2 days writing the craziness to cover it after-the-fact,
we hit an all-day bug involving finding the “stop” line of an entity
that we broke during refactoring.

Random notes:
- We sanitized out our own name from the git log fixture data
  “by hand” because dealing with pipes to pipes etc of `sed`
  is too much, and writing a custom sanitization script feels
  like overkill too

(times)
  02-21 23:13  begin feature addd to old diff parser
        17:38  finished writing white paper for kiss-rdb eno
               per-entity audit trail
        22:53  finished hacking together "retrieval"
  02-23 00:52  finally begin building audit trail
  02-23 10:18  we see the path. getting edit diffs (raw)
        15:20  got patching manually by hand and it's good
               but we need to run and dance
        19:36  resume. review how file readers work
        02:10  milestone: first rough visual of audit trail
               going all the way back (on PBR)
  02-24 12:21  lol we were hoping to find some bugs in 'audit trail' so
               we could enjoy covering it but turns out it's way more
               stable than we expected. So now we have the mundane task
               of covering it without the coverage really test-driving
               it. But es muss sein, this is what happens whey you do
               'prototype-driven development'
        16:29  we are on a huge tangent stack (just added to the stack).
               progress is good but we gotta go run
        22:01  begin moving system call fixtures to [ma]
  02-25 09:07  ok really really. parse the recfile for the installation
               of the performer to make the fixture to cover the audit
               trail to make the document history
        15:08  ready to pop out of making this fixture and
               into retrieving this fixture
        15:18  holy smokes we are writing a test for audit trail now
        15:25  battery about to die
        01:25  augh tests are going well but zz
  02-26 09:30  (review of today: giant bug)
  02-26 16:04  All green, begin writing commit comment
.

---

# [<](2021-02-25.md) 2021-02-26 [>](2021-02-27.md)

