# [<](2021-08-11.md) 2021-08-12 [>](2021-08-13.md)

4,672,658 events, 1,370,824 push events, 2,224,755 commit messages, 173,675,568 characters


## [pjebear/MAGE](https://github.com/pjebear/MAGE)@[100a09dd53...](https://github.com/pjebear/MAGE/commit/100a09dd53802c282f4e3020b70f3bc456bb4518)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 00:51:19 by Peter Ebear

FEMALES HAVE BEEN ADDED!!!!
Holy shit boss this is lit

---
## [KadeDev/Kade-Engine](https://github.com/KadeDev/Kade-Engine)@[cde9e30dfc...](https://github.com/KadeDev/Kade-Engine/commit/cde9e30dfc0c5c458dfbde184e82013965aa89d3)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 01:58:34 by KadeDeveloper

make botplay based on time instead of fuckin stupid ass posistionsstgast

---
## [mamedev/mame](https://github.com/mamedev/mame)@[171b01ca07...](https://github.com/mamedev/mame/commit/171b01ca0732f8bc414e5a6fcb46f7a8b374a96b)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 02:22:35 by r09

fmtowns_cd.xml: 30 new dumps, 17 replacements, add missing floppies (#8424)

- Redumped the vircall2 floppy disk [wiggy2k]
- Added the missing floppy disk to cm1denwa and nhkzkei2 [wiggy2k]

New working software list additions
-----------------------------------
Anne no Yume no Kuni - Anne's Country of Dreams [redump.org]
ARS Art RentaLease - Kaiga Fukugou Kensaku System [redump.org]
C-Trace [redump.org]
Cover Girls Vol. 1 [redump.org]
Ed Bogas' Music Machine (HME-144A) [redump.org]
Enkaiou Ver. 3 - Chikyuu Saidai no Kessen [redump.org]
Exciting CD (Car Marty) [redump.org]
Fouge Vol. 2 - Masuo per Masuo - Ikeda Masuo Hanga-shuu (1994-07-08) [redump.org]
Hyper Eigo Gakushuu System - New Crown Series 2 [redump.org]
Hyper Eigo Gakushuu System - New Total English 2 [redump.org]
Image Power [redump.org]
Kanji no Ehon 2 [redump.org]
Kanji Land 3-nen (OSL-010) [redump.org]
Mayumi Yoshioka for Janis - Last Nude [redump.org]
Mirumiru Sagasu Konchuu Series Vol. 4 - Noyama no Kensakuka [redump.org]
Mr. Ed Bogas' Music Machine Lite (HMD-914) [redump.org]
My Fair Lady CAN IV. Advanced [redump.org]
NHK Hitori de Dekiru Mon! [redump.org]
NHK Zoku Kiso Eigo - Dai-2-kan [redump.org]
Pyoko-tan no Chie Asobi Ehon - Nazo Nazo Meiro Daibouken [redump.org]
SSL Gallery Ver. 1 [redump.org]
To Your Health! Vol. 1 - Tsubo Relaxation [redump.org]
To Your Health! Vol. 2 - Wellness Yoga [redump.org]
Towns Hyper Chiiku Ehon - Nihon Mukashibanashi Vol. 3 - Issunboushi / Kobutori Jiisan [redump.org]
Towns Hyper Ehon VII - Sekai no Ohanashi - Alice in Wonderland / Ali Baba and Forty Thieves [redump.org]

New not working software list additions
---------------------------------------
Akiko Gold [redump.org]
Game Nihonshi - Kakumeiji Oda Nobunaga [redump.org]
Game Nihonshi - Tenkabito Hideyoshi to Ieyasu [redump.org]
Kid Pix Companion [redump.org]
Speech Trainer V1.0 L10 [redump.org, cyo.the.vile]

Replaced software list items
----------------------------
Amaranth III [redump.org]
Bacta 1 & 2 + Voice [redump.org]
Blue - Will to Power [redump.org]
Exciting CD [redump.org]
F-BASIC386 Compiler V1.1 L21 [redump.org]
Hyper Oku no Hosomichi [redump.org]
Injuu Gakuen - La Blue Girl [redump.org]
Ishidou - The Way of Stones [redump.org]
Kid Pix [redump.org]
Nihon no Rekishi - Kizoku-hen - Ouchou Bungaku [redump.org]
Nihon no Yachou [redump.org]
Ravenloft - Aku no Keshin [redump.org]
Ryuutouden [redump.org]
SimFarm [redump.org]
Towns Hyper Chiiku Ehon - Nihon Mukashibanashi Vol. 1 - Momotarou / Saru toka ni [redump.org]
Trigger [redump.org]
Yuuwaku [redump.org]

Software list items promoted to working
---------------------------------------
Custom Mate + Denwa no Bell ga... [wiggy2k]
NHK Zoku Kiso Eigo - Dai-3-kan [wiggy2k]

---
## [SaturnSH2x2/Sonic-CD-11-3DS](https://github.com/SaturnSH2x2/Sonic-CD-11-3DS)@[d444e7fa85...](https://github.com/SaturnSH2x2/Sonic-CD-11-3DS/commit/d444e7fa857d7842aa6639f73812ef9f7f3fe0e8)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 03:46:33 by Rubberduckycooly

oh boy fixing merge conflicts in Userdata.cpp i love doing that

---
## [folcraed/dotfiles](https://github.com/folcraed/dotfiles)@[c42c7056c9...](https://github.com/folcraed/dotfiles/commit/c42c7056c9f6e069e252b79bf59034a7af0b13c9)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 04:17:27 by folcred

made some changes, trying again

Hate feeling like I give up too easily on something, so I'm giving
Emacs another try. Made a few changes, and doing some more reading
on options like occur that I probably should learn how to use to
make my life and experience easier. Will probably at some point try
LSP again, but without the UI, see how that works.

---
## [Athons/wiki](https://github.com/Athons/wiki)@[5dba952354...](https://github.com/Athons/wiki/commit/5dba95235421a7a76034d3606500896095e9b2d9)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 05:15:21 by Siddharth Joshi

Updated events.yaml to add Birmingham open hack (#243)

Hi there! 
We're back again with Birmingham Open Hack this year. Much more clarity on who's running it. It's basically run by BCU Tech Guild aka the new computer science community for BCU. Same goal as before, get as many students, professionals, and enthusiasts who love tech under one roof to solve a few challenges and win some prizes.

---
## [mkerrisk/man-pages](https://github.com/mkerrisk/man-pages)@[20e6e6ed79...](https://github.com/mkerrisk/man-pages/commit/20e6e6ed79b28ecdcbbf1681a1de5d9029eb93ac)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 05:38:08 by Michael Kerrisk

mount_setattr.2: Clarify the description of "detached" mounts

From email:

>> Thanks. I made it "detached". Elsewhere, the page already explains
>> that a detached mount is one that:
>>
>>           must have been created by calling open_tree(2) with the
>>           OPEN_TREE_CLONE flag and it must not already have been
>>           visible in the filesystem.
>>
>> Which seems a fine explanation.
>>
>> ????
>> But, just a thought... "visible in the filesystem" seems not quite accurate.
>> What you really mean I guess is that it must not already have been
>> /visible in the filesystem hierarchy/previously mounted/something else/,
>> right?
I suppose that I should have clarified that my main problem was
that you were using the word "filesystem" in a way that I find
unconventional/ambiguous. I mean, I normally take the term
"filesystem" to be "a storage system for folding files".
Here, you are using "filesystem" to mean something else, what
I might call like "the single directory hierarchy" or "the
filesystem hierarchy" or "the list of mount points".

> A detached mount is created via the OPEN_TREE_CLONE flag. It is a
> separate new mount so "previously mounted" is not applicable.
> A detached mount is _related_ to what the MS_BIND flag gives you with
> mount(2). However, they differ conceptually and technically. A MS_BIND
> mount(2) is always visible in the fileystem when mount(2) returns, i.e.
> it is discoverable by regular path-lookup starting within the
> filesystem.
>
> However, a detached mount can be seen as a split of MS_BIND into two
> distinct steps:
> 1. fd_tree = open_tree(OPEN_TREE_CLONE): create a new mount
> 2. move_mount(fd_tree, <somewhere>):     attach the mount to the filesystem
>
> 1. and 2. together give you the equivalent of MS_BIND.
> In between 1. and 2. however the mount is detached. For the kernel
> "detached" means that an anonymous mount namespace is attached to it
> which doen't appear in proc and has a 0 sequence number (Technically,
> there's a bit of semantical argument to be made that "attached" and
> "detached" are ambiguous as they could also be taken to mean "does or
> does not have a parent mount". This ambiguity e.g. appears in
> do_move_mount(). That's why the kernel itself calls it an "anonymous
> mount". However, an OPEN_TREE_CLONE-detached mount of course doesn't
> have a parent mount so it works.).
>
> For userspace it's better to think of detached and attached in terms of
> visibility in the filesystem or in a mount namespace. That's more
> straightfoward, more relevant, and hits the target in 90% of the cases.
>
> However, the better and clearer picture is to say that a
> OPEN_TREE_CLONE-detached mount is a mount that has never been
> move_mount()ed. Which in turn can be defined as the detached mount has
> never been made visible in a mount namespace. Once that has happened the
> mount is irreversibly an attached mount.
>
> I keep thinking that maybe we should just say "anonymous mount"
> everywhere. So changing the wording to:
I'm not against the word "detached". To user space, I think it is a
little more meaningful than "anonymous". For the moment, I'll stay with
"detached", but if you insist on "anonymous", I'll probably change it.

> [...]
> EINVAL The mount that is to be ID mapped is not an anonymous mount;
> that is, the mount has already been visible in a mount namespace.
I like that text *a lot* better! Thanks very much for suggesting
wordings. It makes my life much easier.

I've made the text:

       EINVAL The mount that is to be ID mapped is not a detached
              mount; that is, the mount has not previously been
              visible in a mount namespace.

> [...]
> The mount must be an anonymous mount; that is, it must have been
> created by calling open_tree(2) with the OPEN_TREE_CLONE flag and it
> must not already have been visible in a mount namespace, i.e. it must
> not have been attached to the filesystem hierarchy with syscalls such
> as move_mount() syscall.
And that too! I've made the text:

       •  The mount must be a detached mount; that is, it must have
          been created by calling open_tree(2) with the
          OPEN_TREE_CLONE flag and it must not already have been
          visible in a mount namespace.  (To put things another way:
          the mount must not have been attached to the filesystem
          hierarchy with a system call such as move_mount(2).)

Reported-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>
Signed-off-by: Michael Kerrisk <mtk.manpages@gmail.com>

---
## [nikp123/xava](https://github.com/nikp123/xava)@[943d99ae64...](https://github.com/nikp123/xava/commit/943d99ae6436ac6cf48e491f145039734024a29a)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 10:13:34 by Nikola Pavlica

[fix] those motherfuckers at CERT

Please do NOT touch any programming language in the future, your shitty
ass standards costed everyone so much fucking hassle, I hope you die.

Link to bullshit: https://stackoverflow.com/a/5957925

---
## [roxell/linux](https://github.com/roxell/linux)@[a04ea6ae7c...](https://github.com/roxell/linux/commit/a04ea6ae7c6728cd834709f3477e75d4f74583da)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 10:39:53 by Jason Ekstrand

drm/i915: Use a table for i915_init/exit (v2)

If the driver was not fully loaded, we may still have globals lying
around.  If we don't tear those down in i915_exit(), we'll leak a bunch
of memory slabs.  This can happen two ways: use_kms = false and if we've
run mock selftests.  In either case, we have an early exit from
i915_init which happens after i915_globals_init() and we need to clean
up those globals.

The mock selftests case is especially sticky.  The load isn't entirely
a no-op.  We actually do quite a bit inside those selftests including
allocating a bunch of mock objects and running tests on them.  Once all
those tests are complete, we exit early from i915_init().  Perviously,
i915_init() would return a non-zero error code on failure and a zero
error code on success.  In the success case, we would get to i915_exit()
and check i915_pci_driver.driver.owner to detect if i915_init exited early
and do nothing.  In the failure case, we would fail i915_init() but
there would be no opportunity to clean up globals.

The most annoying part is that you don't actually notice the failure as
part of the self-tests since leaking a bit of memory, while bad, doesn't
result in anything observable from userspace.  Instead, the next time we
load the driver (usually for next IGT test), i915_globals_init() gets
invoked again, we go to allocate a bunch of new memory slabs, those
implicitly create debugfs entries, and debugfs warns that we're trying
to create directories and files that already exist.  Since this all
happens as part of the next driver load, it shows up in the dmesg-warn
of whatever IGT test ran after the mock selftests.

While the obvious thing to do here might be to call i915_globals_exit()
after selftests, that's not actually safe.  The dma-buf selftests call
i915_gem_prime_export which creates a file.  We call dma_buf_put() on
the resulting dmabuf which calls fput() on the file.  However, fput()
isn't immediate and gets flushed right before syscall returns.  This
means that all the fput()s from the selftests don't happen until right
before the module load syscall used to fire off the selftests returns
which is after i915_init().  If we call i915_globals_exit() in
i915_init() after selftests, we end up freeing slabs out from under
objects which won't get released until fput() is flushed at the end of
the module load syscall.

The solution here is to let i915_init() return success early and detect
the early success in i915_exit() and only tear down globals and nothing
else.  This way the module loads successfully, regardless of the success
or failure of the tests.  Because we've not enumerated any PCI devices,
no device nodes are created and it's entirely useless from userspace.
The only thing the module does at that point is hold on to a bit of
memory until we unload it and i915_exit() is called.  Importantly, this
means that everything from our selftests has the ability to properly
flush out between i915_init() and i915_exit() because there is at least
one syscall boundary in between.

In order to handle all the delicate init/exit cases, we convert the
whole thing to a table of init/exit pairs and track the init status in
the new init_progress global.  This allows us to ensure that i915_exit()
always tears down exactly the things that i915_init() successfully
initialized.  We also allow early-exit of i915_init() without failure by
an init function returning > 0.  This is useful for nomodeset, and
selftests.  For the mock selftests, we convert them to always return 1
so we get the desired behavior of the driver always succeeding to load
the driver and then properly tearing down the partially loaded driver.

v2 (Tvrtko Ursulin):
 - Guard init_funcs[i].exit with GEM_BUG_ON(i >= ARRAY_SIZE(init_funcs))
v2 (Daniel Vetter):
 - Update the docstring for i915.mock_selftests

Signed-off-by: Jason Ekstrand <jason@jlekstrand.net>
Reviewed-by: Daniel Vetter <daniel.vetter@ffwll.ch>
Cc: Tvrtko Ursulin <tvrtko.ursulin@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Daniel Vetter <daniel.vetter@ffwll.ch>
Link: https://patchwork.freedesktop.org/patch/msgid/20210721152358.2893314-4-jason@jlekstrand.net

---
## [genny-project/qwanda-services](https://github.com/genny-project/qwanda-services)@[109193163a...](https://github.com/genny-project/qwanda-services/commit/109193163afafa06cc46479169a0fe8de7228939)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 11:38:36 by Jasper Robison

remove the damned coalesce shit because it doesn't fucking work

---
## [renatocaliari/contornos](https://github.com/renatocaliari/contornos)@[da6d75b26b...](https://github.com/renatocaliari/contornos/commit/da6d75b26b63f23e4a9a514a683365e38d8e70ea)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 12:15:37 by Cali (Renato Caliari)

Create start.md

# Start

[Outlines] is a system containing basic rules that takes care of organizational aspects to give more agility to the organization, distribution of decisions giving more autonomy with responsibility and continuous organizational adaptation that encourage more experimentation inside and outside.

It makes it unnecessary:
- hierarchical and rigid organizational charts where people have **power over** others
- positions that become heavy and difficult to maintain and adapt

In this system, there is a hierarchy of scopes through outlines, where people have **power with** others in a distributed management.

Think of it as a lean 'open-source' operating system, which allows you to import [apps](apps) (extra pre-defined agreements) into your context, as well as adapt the system itself if necessary.

[Outlines] was inspired by [validated social technologies](technologies), other existing concepts and practical experience.

?> It is worth remembering that this social technology, or any other, does not work like magic, that when you use, everything is solved. No, far from it. It is just a tool and a means, like so many others, that makes sense when used in conjunction with other tools and practices, supported by many interpersonal discussions and ongoing experiments.

---
### Know more
- [Outlines](Outlines) - All Outlines system rules.
- [Apps](apps) - library of pre-defined extra agreements to implement in the [Outlines] system.
- [Curiosities](curiosities)
- [Questions & Answers](Questions)
  - How to get started with the Outlines system?
  - How to map and divide the outlines?
  - How to measure the impact of changes in organizational design?
  - and much more.
- [References](references)
- [Comparison between social technologies](technologies): Organic Organizations (O2), Sociocracy For All, Sociocracy 3.0 and Holacracy.
- [Digital tools] (tools) to support the use of the Outlines system.
  - You can try a basic model for applying [Outlines] configured in the Fibery.io tool.

---

### Contact
Until then, this system is developed and maintained by [Cali (Renato Caliari)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/renatocaliari/). You can contact me through the website: [renatocaliari.com](https://renatocaliari.com/).

---
## [nitreojs/puregram](https://github.com/nitreojs/puregram)@[5092bb88f8...](https://github.com/nitreojs/puregram/commit/5092bb88f8d69aa5e4358dc45b3711544f7cd820)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 12:55:12 by starkow

damn vscode web is kinda stupid when we're talking about replacing text in files

---
## [rpgoldman/container-ontology](https://github.com/rpgoldman/container-ontology)@[db3687fc37...](https://github.com/rpgoldman/container-ontology/commit/db3687fc37b63d1c8860460d7454b8121ebd9ed1)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 15:52:36 by Robert P. Goldman

Change IRI and add fixes.

For now I gave the ontology a routable name -- even if a stupid one -- because I have been having trouble with loading from the catalog.
Also split the `hasVendor` property into `hasVendor` (for catalog entry) and `equipmentVendor` (for `LabEquipment`).  That seems to sit better with the OWL DL syntax restrictions.  I should confess that those are a little mysterious to me, so this may not have been required.

---
## [insanewriter365/MyPortfolio](https://github.com/insanewriter365/MyPortfolio)@[11fdd4178e...](https://github.com/insanewriter365/MyPortfolio/commit/11fdd4178e288e5b351985a37f44936dbd46a1ab)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 16:20:19 by insanewriter365

.html

Sorry yarr ab
Nhi rha jata ese Bina tumare I love you 
Rakesh whtsap nhi krna rakesh call nhi krna haa bhai nhi krega pr yadd aati h ab 5 6 din thik meri billi pr ab nhi hota tadap gya hu me bhi mene bhi socha 5 6 din gussa thik h pr ab nhi rha jayega I love you

---
## [The-Spanish-Inquisition/Baystation12](https://github.com/The-Spanish-Inquisition/Baystation12)@[553b4a55c5...](https://github.com/The-Spanish-Inquisition/Baystation12/commit/553b4a55c58ea4713f2faebaa94a7f16c15a8dd5)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 16:38:12 by The-Spanish-Inquisition

Brand new Handgun for Antags

As the title says, all this adds is a brand new handgun for our lovely antag friends with access to the uplink. Be able to scream 'It belongs in a museum!' at them as they're emptying the internal box mag towards you, because it's from a Museum. It was stolen.

---
## [su-stefan/dotfiles](https://github.com/su-stefan/dotfiles)@[72a851bc55...](https://github.com/su-stefan/dotfiles/commit/72a851bc55a81f5cd3749003b5bc7178870858eb)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 17:59:33 by Stefan Subich

Add .zshrc for my oh-my-zsh configuration

# Path to your oh-my-zsh installation.
export ZSH="/Users/stefansubich/.oh-my-zsh"

ZSH_DISABLE_COMPFIX=true

# Set name of the theme to load --- if set to "random", it will
# load a random theme each time oh-my-zsh is loaded, in which case,
# to know which specific one was loaded, run: echo $RANDOM_THEME
# See https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/Themes
ZSH_THEME="robbyrussell"

# Uncomment the following line to use case-sensitive completion.
# CASE_SENSITIVE="true"

# Uncomment the following line to use hyphen-insensitive completion.
# Case-sensitive completion must be off. _ and - will be interchangeable.
HYPHEN_INSENSITIVE="true"

# Uncomment the following line if pasting URLs and other text is messed up.
# DISABLE_MAGIC_FUNCTIONS="true"

# Uncomment the following line to enable command auto-correction.
ENABLE_CORRECTION="true"

# Uncomment the following line to display red dots whilst waiting for completion.
# Caution: this setting can cause issues with multiline prompts (zsh 5.7.1 and newer seem to work)
# See https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/issues/5765
COMPLETION_WAITING_DOTS="true"

# Uncomment the following line if you want to disable marking untracked files
# under VCS as dirty. This makes repository status check for large repositories
# much, much faster.
DISABLE_UNTRACKED_FILES_DIRTY="true"

# Uncomment the following line if you want to change the command execution time
# stamp shown in the history command output.
# You can set one of the optional three formats:
# "mm/dd/yyyy"|"dd.mm.yyyy"|"yyyy-mm-dd"
# or set a custom format using the strftime function format specifications,
# see 'man strftime' for details.
HIST_STAMPS="yyyy-mm-dd"

# Which plugins would you like to load?
# Standard plugins can be found in $ZSH/plugins/
# Custom plugins may be added to $ZSH_CUSTOM/plugins/
# Add wisely, as too many plugins slow down shell startup.
plugins=(
    command-not-found
    zsh-syntax-highlighting
    extract
    fzf
    git
    thefuck
    timer
    vi-mode
    web-search
)

source $ZSH/oh-my-zsh.sh

# User configuration
# vi-like keybinds
bindkey -v

# Preferred editor for local and remote sessions
if [[ -n $SSH_CONNECTION ]]; then
  export EDITOR='vim'
else
  export EDITOR='vim'
fi

TIMER_THRESHOLD=15

VI_MODE_RESET_PROMPT_ON_MODE_CHANGE=true
VI_MODE_SET_CURSOR=true

# aliases for better versions of some common programs
alias cat='bat'
alias ping='prettyping --nolegend'
alias du="ncdu -rr -x"

# Slightly hacky fix for awslocal
export USE_LEGACY_PORTS=1

# enable mastermind alias
alias mm="python3 $HOME/aver/devproxy/mastermind.py"

# global bbm tool alias
export MM="$HOME/aver/devproxy/mastermind.py"
alias bbm="$HOME/aver/bbm/bbmdev-tools/bin/bbm"
alias check_arns="$HOME/aver/bbm/bbmdev-tools/bin/check_arns"

# set NPM token
export NPM_TOKEN=9156cd80-2f49-4e9e-8662-e2d2984f4529

# initialize `fuck`
#eval $(thefuck --alias)
# init pyenv
eval "$(pyenv init -)"

test -e "${HOME}/.iterm2_shell_integration.zsh" && source "${HOME}/.iterm2_shell_integration.zsh"

---
## [fgsfdsfgs/doukutsupsx](https://github.com/fgsfdsfgs/doukutsupsx)@[c937f3ae6b...](https://github.com/fgsfdsfgs/doukutsupsx/commit/c937f3ae6b9d877420c0255aab666eb5bd50dfab)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 18:30:45 by fgsfds

make experience bouncing noises less fucking annoying

---
## [Cinnaban/CodeCademy_Projects-PythonStatisticsandPlots](https://github.com/Cinnaban/CodeCademy_Projects-PythonStatisticsandPlots)@[c715744151...](https://github.com/Cinnaban/CodeCademy_Projects-PythonStatisticsandPlots/commit/c715744151e3811e23250500f53c3605b3077536)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 19:09:13 by Charles

Familiar - A Study in Data Science

Welcome to Familiar, a startup in the new market of blood transfusion! You’ve joined the team because you appreciate the flexible hours and extremely intelligent team, but the overeager doorman welcoming you into the office is a nice way to start your workday (well, work-evening).

Familiar has fallen into some tough times lately, so you’re hoping to help them make some insights about their product and help move the needle (so to speak).

Note that a solution.py file is also loaded for you in the workspace, which contains solution code for this project. We highly recommend that you complete the project on your own without checking the solution, but feel free to take a look if you get stuck or want to check your answers!

---
## [mattparksjr/stunning-memory](https://github.com/mattparksjr/stunning-memory)@[f760105a5b...](https://github.com/mattparksjr/stunning-memory/commit/f760105a5b24865a86c1438530bf606ab88662ee)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 19:57:47 by Matthew Parks

Multiplayer ,movement(sorta)

This shit needs some GOD DAMN INTERPOLATION HOLY SHIT ITS LAGGY

---
## [rust-lang/rust-clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy)@[b4d76b42fd...](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy/commit/b4d76b42fd12d963eddafb7e1d9b8559951f73be)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 20:21:01 by bors

Auto merge of #7560 - xFrednet:7289-configuration-for-every-type-lint, r=camsteffen

Use `avoid-breaking-exported-api` configuration in types module

This PR empowers our lovely `avoid-breaking-exported-api` configuration value to also influence the emission of lints inside the `types` module.

(That's pretty much it, not really a change worthy of writing a fairy tale about. Don't get me wrong, I would love to write a short one, but I sadly need to study now).

---

Closes: rust-lang/rust-clippy#7489

changelog: The `avoid-breaking-exported-api` configuration now also works for [`box_vec`], [`redundant_allocation`], [`rc_buffer`], [`vec_box`], [`option_option`], [`linkedlist`], [`rc_mutex`]

changelog: [`rc_mutex`]: update the lint message to comply with the normal format

---

r? `@camsteffen,` as you implemented the configuration value

cc: `@flip1995,` as we've discussed this change in rust-lang/rust-clippy#7308

---
## [Fartlicker777/UNO-](https://github.com/Fartlicker777/UNO-)@[b2707ee109...](https://github.com/Fartlicker777/UNO-/commit/b2707ee109c3b970fd5a151087d1507a3ebee612)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 20:33:28 by Fartlicker777

Hey Danny fuck you make the animation go brrrrrrrrrr

---
## [msyuksel/VR-Presence-Test-Chamber](https://github.com/msyuksel/VR-Presence-Test-Chamber)@[146245a87a...](https://github.com/msyuksel/VR-Presence-Test-Chamber/commit/146245a87ae2ded2a9594e294a677548ca887a9b)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 20:38:35 by msyuksel

Added teleportation to my project, switched the render pipeline to URP, fucked up every god damn fucking material, couldn't find a good solution to the problem that doesn't require me to fix every single thing by hand, so made a new project started in URP. Yaaaaaay......

---
## [JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx](https://github.com/JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx)@[e5aa4a8d63...](https://github.com/JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx/commit/e5aa4a8d633178a85ae962cc8ff4e14d87ce4fe3)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 21:13:10 by Jacob

pain, suffering even

i hope i didnt just fuck everything up

---
## [Sukeeto/MinecraftCoolRailroad](https://github.com/Sukeeto/MinecraftCoolRailroad)@[70ebe0dd1b...](https://github.com/Sukeeto/MinecraftCoolRailroad/commit/70ebe0dd1b35a257ea4431e7cdbc5f976c13fd18)
#### Thursday 2021-08-12 23:49:30 by Sukeeto

See this

# MinecraftCoolRailroad
Mods and Expansions for a Full Rail Minecraft Experience.

Ook, Below I will put the download links for each ResourcePack & Mod I use on my railroad. (Maybe I forget to update the list, but overall that's it).

# Mods

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-railroading

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-engineering/files

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/track-api

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/universal-mod-core

! Remembering that all mods MUST be used at the same time, otherwise the experience will be broken and a lot of essentials will be missing.

# ResourcePacks

ResourcePacks are preferred, if you don't want to use it, you will still be able to use the mod without any problems, the mod already comes with some trains, ResourcePack's just add more trains made by the community. You can choose to have one or the other, it's not mandatory to use them all at the same time, and as I said above, if you want, you don't even need to. There are several other ResourcePacks that add more trains, so feel free if you want to use more, usually creators post their creations on the official Mod Server, I'll leave the link at the end.

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/matoi-vanilla-pack-ir - Russian Trains

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/ir-american-diesel-loco-addon-pack/- American Diesel Trains

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/ir-british-freight-addon-pack - British Trains

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/amtrak-plus - Amtrak Trains

Remembering that these ResourcePack's not only include trains, some come with freight cars and passenger cars. (All are interactive)

# Want More?

You can find more ResourcePack's to add to the Mod at these links:

https://www.curseforge.com/members/trainman264/projects - Mod Co-Creator Projects (There are some Resource Packs that add content to the Mod there)

https://discord.gg/KBb7vaBmc4 - Mod server in Discord. (There are people there to help you with questions, give you tips, share projects, interact, and also several additional content packs to the Mod!)

---

# [<](2021-08-11.md) 2021-08-12 [>](2021-08-13.md)

