# [<](2021-07-16.md) 2021-07-17 [>](2021-07-18.md)

1,873,404 events, 1,049,791 push events, 1,623,690 commit messages, 101,683,660 characters


## [07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs](https://github.com/07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs)@[e7d0d74ae8...](https://github.com/07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs/commit/e7d0d74ae8943e425d0bf0b14ff3677d9defd0fb)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 00:41:57 by Tymaeus

Translation (#555)

This concludes the Kotohogushi translation, as well as my part in it. I will leave the editing and everything else up to you.

Translation notes:
I chose to refer to Hanyuu when she's being described as a "demon" as an "it" instead of a "her" to both emphasize that this isn't the Hanyuu we know, and to help differentiate her from Ouka in the narration.

Lines 3279-3609 contain lines both verbatim and paraphrased from lines 1467-1592 of Matsuribayashi 11 (matsu_011). The verbatim lines had their TLs copied from the official TL of Matsuribayashi, while the paraphrased lines are modified versions of the same lines.

There are voice-only lines from Hanyuu and Ouka from lines 3784-3802 not featured in the scripting. Since these lines are in Ryuunish to begin with, I do not believe it is necessary to "translate" them.


Kotohogushi ED ending scroll TL:
...After this tragedy,
Ouka Furude was revered in Onigafuchi Village
as the savior who slayed the rampaging demon that attacked the village and killed many.

It is said that the feudal lord, fearing the fury of the demon's wrath would fall upon him,
made no further excess demands of the village.
Furthermore, he entrusted the right to rule the village to the Sonozaki and Kimiyoshi families,
and took up a nonintervention stance as the village functioned as an autonomous settlement.

As a result, the Three Families gained even more influence in the village,
and due to the divine wrath they'd experienced firsthand,
the villagers were all firmly bonded by their belief in Oyashiro-sama.

...And, to ensure demons would never rise again,
Ouka Furude offered up the precious sword that had felled the demon to Onigafuchi Swamp.
The branching blade, bared and hardened with demon blood,
came to later be known as the "Onigari-no-ryuuou".

Every year afterwards, a festival was started under the initiative of the Three Families,
named "Watanagashi", where offerings were drifted down the river to purify the slain demon's grudge.
Later, these offerings would be changed into something harmless and amicable in the form of futon cotton.
(However, no documents remain regarding who proposed this change)

...However, these are all merely conjectures that have been formulated based on a series of ancient documents.
Furthermore, the most prominent documents were lost to fire, 
and is debated amongst experts due to its heavy reliance on heresay.

Therefore, the true history remains unsolved to this day,
and rides on the results of future archaeological research...

---
## [hardyp/ABAPToTheFuture04](https://github.com/hardyp/ABAPToTheFuture04)@[97f07427ed...](https://github.com/hardyp/ABAPToTheFuture04/commit/97f07427eddda7f5172822f6b4e3cd0b2c790363)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 01:47:12 by HARDYP

Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus 

Mary Shelley travelled through Europe in 1815 along the river Rhine in Germany, stopping in Gernsheim, 17 kilometres away from Frankenstein Castle, where two centuries before, an alchemist engaged in experiments.She then journeyed to the region of Geneva, Switzerland, where much of the story takes place. Galvanism and occult ideas were topics of conversation among her companions, particularly her future husband Percy Shelley. In 1816, Mary, Percy and Lord Byron had a competition to see who could write the best horror story After thinking for days, Shelley was inspired to write Frankenstein after imagining a scientist who created life and was horrified by what he had made.

---
## [atreish/AIM_5005_Machine_Learning](https://github.com/atreish/AIM_5005_Machine_Learning)@[61528062c2...](https://github.com/atreish/AIM_5005_Machine_Learning/commit/61528062c2c61880b3a5c8ae89f2133715d407df)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 01:52:00 by Atreish Ramlakhan

Add files via upload

This is life expectancy data from OECD. This provides the male, female and total projected life expectancy from 1960 to 2020 (60 years) for 44 unique countries.

---
## [kixcons/WHATHTEFUCK](https://github.com/kixcons/WHATHTEFUCK)@[275451c6db...](https://github.com/kixcons/WHATHTEFUCK/commit/275451c6db5057b99e1e798485ed6b9659b8e727)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 02:58:00 by kixcons

Add files via upload

literally fuck you too :HAHAHA:

---
## [Yoshubs/FunkinForever](https://github.com/Yoshubs/FunkinForever)@[046e6deefd...](https://github.com/Yoshubs/FunkinForever/commit/046e6deefd9e73f97a112e733cb5798b6c8f291c)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 07:25:51 by Yoshubs

Merge note Offsets branch

FUCK YOU CODIST YOURE FUCKING STINKY YOU FUCK FUCKING FUCK epic guy

---
## [ljvmiranda921/ljvmiranda921.github.io](https://github.com/ljvmiranda921/ljvmiranda921.github.io)@[67cce89997...](https://github.com/ljvmiranda921/ljvmiranda921.github.io/commit/67cce8999751d2f951c10252d17ee3fb26051e45)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 07:48:33 by Lj V. Miranda

Add conclusion to data-centric ML post

Wow, I realized that I got tired writing this, and my interest waxed and
waned throughout the writing process. I guess I won't do something like
this again, it's too long and sometimes I've been writing on something
that I'm not fully-interested in (I mean, I'm interested in active
learning, SSL, and MTL, but not that much)

Moving forward, I should probably focus on blogposts that only take 1-2
weeks to write, not a month! You're not writing a thesis, man. I'll
probably do some editing in the near future, but for now, I'll just
merge this to master.

Lastly, if you're going to write about this again, I think it's just
better to:
- Keep it to one topic. Data-centric ML is very broad, it's almost like
you're writing about ML as a whole.
- Focus on one paper if possible? Do something like the Illustrated
Transformer. Go deep. I mean, what you did now is OK because you get to
see everything, but next time, go deep.

Yeah don't do something like this again, it took you almost a month! It
became tiring at the very end.

---
## [ArcPh1r3/PaladinMod](https://github.com/ArcPh1r3/PaladinMod)@[25eedac580...](https://github.com/ArcPh1r3/PaladinMod/commit/25eedac580efa7a5469064c4049e6b859327390f)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 09:56:08 by TheTimeSweeper

item displays n stuff

fuck you komrade fix your followers

---
## [Hexenstag-Team/WH-Hexenstag-Dev](https://github.com/Hexenstag-Team/WH-Hexenstag-Dev)@[8213ee532a...](https://github.com/Hexenstag-Team/WH-Hexenstag-Dev/commit/8213ee532aa51b77a7aca26ca163dd198470b681)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 11:43:18 by HobbitDerrick

Fixes, Bull Centaurs

* Add multiple safety features to handle rare (?) bug where ambition 'migrates' from heir to ruler, causing issues with urging son to become daemonsmith, sorcerer
* Add specific death_reason for the Sorcerer's Curse as previous method sometimes attributed deaths to some other disease
* Increased hashut_favor gain for young (observed Ghorth getting cursed too quickly) and baron-tier (incapable of any sacrifice gains) Sorcerers
* Adjusted warrior cult upgrade to give levy reinforce rate increase instead of HI defence to increase variety of modifiers available in dwarf hold wonder
* Added bloodline for sorcerers who die from the sorcerer's curse (instead of just getting shanked or whatever)
* Added bull centaur trait, birth events, and events to assign bull centaur guardians to those with the sorcerer bloodline under special conditions

---
## [newstools/2021-the-nation-ng](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-nation-ng)@[3e819a5508...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-nation-ng/commit/3e819a55084f2943ac583f8f8237af86c010a9a9)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 12:09:28 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [thenationonlineng.net/femi-adesinas-love-hate-with-the-church/]

---
## [Hizuvi/hizuvi.github.io](https://github.com/Hizuvi/hizuvi.github.io)@[d24f7f7207...](https://github.com/Hizuvi/hizuvi.github.io/commit/d24f7f7207a0d02a9f601912f4d19caef67f1451)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 19:24:48 by VilmerBeep

Added start level button

To make sure audio can be played

I'm beginning to hate all the special cases that you need to take in mind to run the bloody thing ON A DAMN IPHONE. thank you plz make your stuff less secure apple.

---
## [Ultima1990/pokeclicker](https://github.com/Ultima1990/pokeclicker)@[631fe657c9...](https://github.com/Ultima1990/pokeclicker/commit/631fe657c9652aaebdcd86a34a01e1f59393b089)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 19:31:16 by Ultima

April Fools Event

Here we go. The start of a thing. It's idiotic and maybe funny and it's happening.

---
## [ImRedTV/Countries](https://github.com/ImRedTV/Countries)@[6bfcb199ec...](https://github.com/ImRedTV/Countries/commit/6bfcb199ec2751b3e84c53dd0122a4322e325a71)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 20:15:06 by Free-IPTV

ALL STREAMS ARE BACK

Important for all, you should read the readme through carefully!

In the free scene (open source), it is a point of honour to state the source of anything you have not found yourself. We will ALWAYS do that from now on!

We got some streams from Matt Huisman, thanks for that. His IPTV-Merge addon is simply brilliant!

Some streams (few) we have from Apsattv. well... his m3u's are unsorted.... sparse but it's about the addresses of the streams. Thanks, despite his stupid smear campaign!

Some streams (few) of the new m3u of webcams we got from Helmert Luzu, great, thanks!

From that agitator Geonsey.... haha... nothing at all, some dead streams there, he should update again, his unkempt repo!!!!

Have fun, with FREE-IPTV! WE ARE BACK 4 ALL! HAHA... Too bad for two very specific idiots!

---
## [Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3)@[2c41083ab6...](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3/commit/2c41083ab6657ca82c52931d5dc4d65943b4ca9b)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 20:24:11 by harmonixer123

Ammunition and some other changes/fixes

Updated the names/layout of Yapped related to guard correction.

Increased the Primordial Fragment drop rate of Champion Gundyr to be the same as Oceiros.

Spider Shield now negates poison and toxic build-up from blocked attacks.

Removed the shield penetration from Sniper Bolts/Onislayer Greatarrows, and added new effects to some of the ammunition (others remain the same). They all are as follow:
- Wood Arrow, Wood Bolt, Wood Greatarrow -> No effect.
- Standard Arrow, Standard Bolt, Dragonslayer Greatarrow -> Boosted Counter Damage by 10%.
- Large Arrow, Heavy Bolt, Millwood Greatarrow -> Shield penetration.
- Feather Arrow, Sniper Bolt, Onislayer Greatarrow -> Damage is increased the further away the character is from the target.
- Draconic Arrow, Draconic Bolt, Draconic Greatarrow -> Enemy penetration.
- Moonlight Arrow, Magic Bolt, Moonlight Greatarrow -> Spell Deflection.
- Fire Arrow, Fire Bolt, Demonic Greatarrow, -> Boosts Stamina Recovery for 5 seconds, stacks. The amount increased depends on the type of ammunition and the attack used.
- Lightning Arrow, Lightning Bolt, Dragonslayer Lightning Arrow -> Reduces enemy Poise by 50% for 5 seconds. Does not stack.
- Dark Arrow, Dark Bolt, Corrupted Greatarrow -> Curse build-up. Homes in to the target.
- Poison Arrow, Poison Bolt -> Poison build-up.
- Lacerating Arrow, Splintering Bolt -> Bleed build-up.
- Frost Arrow, Frost Bolt -> Frost build-up.
- Exploding Bolt -> Explode.

Blessed Weapon and Supreme Blessed weapon now mention their damage boost against undead enemies in their description.

Fixed the damage of Lightning Surge.

Fixed the Titanite Chunk drop rate of Spirit of the Pontiff.

---
## [Joeri-Abbo/marvel-quotes](https://github.com/Joeri-Abbo/marvel-quotes)@[9fac875812...](https://github.com/Joeri-Abbo/marvel-quotes/commit/9fac875812b624e0820c6103bb299dea20696613)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 21:21:48 by Joeri

Gamora I Have Lived Most Of My Life Surrounded By Enemies. I Will Be Grateful To Die Among My Friends.

---
## [m-hops/summer-2021-research-project](https://github.com/m-hops/summer-2021-research-project)@[3bd06a4227...](https://github.com/m-hops/summer-2021-research-project/commit/3bd06a4227590b9165ecb6ebe48031d79f9cd43d)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 22:21:00 by rabbit-isdead

2021-07-17

BEGAN PORTING OVER THE RAINEBOW ENGINE.

EVERYTHING LOOKS OK FOR NOW, BUT I'LL HAVE A BETTER IDEA ONCE I START TOSSING NEW CODE INTO IT AND SEE HOW IT RUNS. I REALIZE I'M TAKING AWHILE TO START CODING EVERYTHING, BUT I WANTED TO TRY THE APPROACH OF GETTING ALL THE PREP WORK AND PLANNING DONE AHEAD OF TIME RATHER THAN RUSHING IN. HOWEVER THE BENEFIT IN THIS METHOD HAS ALREADY STARTED TO SHOW ITSELF AS I'VE BEEN ABLE TO PLAN MORE COMPLICATED DESIGNS AND FOCUS ON MAKING AN ENGAGING PROCESS.

SOME DESIGN NOTES I'VE WRITTEN OVER THE PAST TWO DAYS:

- IMAGES FOR PATIENTS WILL BE RUN THROUGH FILTERS TO MAKE THEM SIMILAR IN QUALITY TO A GAMEBOY CAMERA
- AUDIO FILES WILL BE HEAVILY DEGRADED DOWN TO 8 KBPS
- NO ONE WILL BE ABLE TO SAVE EVERY PATIENT
- NEW APP: INSPECTOR - PLAYER CAN USE THIS TO INPUT KEYWORDS TO GAIN THE BENEFIT OF DISCOVERED INFORMATION (EXAMPLE: A PLAYER FINDS A NOTE IN REFERENCES SAYING THAT A PATIENT WILL PAY OUT OF POCKET INSTEAD OF USING INSURANCE. IF THE PLAYER DOES NOT FIND THIS INFO, THEY WILL NOT GET THE BENEFIT)

THE FRAMEWORK OF THE GAME PLAY ITSELF IS STARTING TO SOLIDIFY AS FOR THE FIRST ITERATION OF THE GAME, THE PLAYER WILL NEED TO SETTLE THE MATTER OF 6 PATIENT CASES A DAY OVER 5 DAYS (A TOTAL OF 30 CHARACTERS). I'M RELUCTANT TO COMMIT TO A BALANCE OF HOW SCARCE RESOURCES WILL BE (I'LL SAVE THIS ONCE I CAN BEGIN PLAY TESTING), BUT AS I MENTIONED BEFORE THE PLAYER DEFINITELY WILL NOT BE ABLE TO SAVE EVERYONE.

FINALLY I WANTED TO START ENDING THESE ENTRIES WITH A SHORT PITCH ABOUT THE GAME SO THAT WAY I CAN SEE IF IT STILL RELATES TO THE CURRENT BUILD. AS TIME GOES ON I MAY CHANGE THE PITCH TO BETTER ENCAPSULATE MY PROJECT THUS ALLOWING ME TO UNDERSTAND IT'S POTENTIAL BETTER.

WORKING TITLE: CharOS
PITCH: "A SMALL, MORALITY RPG WHERE YOU CONSIDER THE VALUE OF HUMAN LIFE"

---
## [uservipin/github_code_push_cheat_sheet](https://github.com/uservipin/github_code_push_cheat_sheet)@[39e6042176...](https://github.com/uservipin/github_code_push_cheat_sheet/commit/39e6042176f9e760dfcde836f49b4855bfc52953)
#### Saturday 2021-07-17 23:48:57 by vipin kumar

command to upload on github

# Terminal Cheat Sheet

pwd         # print working directory
ls          # list files in directory
cd          # change directory
~           # home directory
..          # up one directory
-           # previous working directory
help        # get help
-h          # get help
--help      # get help
man         # manual
cat         # output the contents of a file
mkdir       # create new directory
open        # open a file with the associated program, a directory with Finder, or a URL with the default web browser
ps          # list all running processes
kill        # terminate existing process
rmd         # permanently delete file
rmdir       # remove directory



## Working with Git


### Quick Start

git clone <url> 					                # Clone directory
git checkout -b <new-branch> 		                # Create new local branch
git push -u origin <new-branch> 	                # Sync local branch with remote
git checkout <branch> 				                # Checkout branch
git push origin <branch> 			                # Push branch to remote
git branch -d <branchname>   	                    # deletes local branch
git push origin :<branchname>	                    # deletes remote branch
git subtree push --prefix docs origin gh-pages      # push docs as subtree to gh-pages



### Clone Directory

git clone <url>


### Create Project 

cd project/
git init                       # initializes the repository
git add .                      # add all files and folder from selected folder
git add file_1 file_2          # add specific files and folder
git status                     # check status of files and folder 
git commit -m "first commit"   # commit all changes, edit changelog entry
git remote add origin <url>    # paste url of repository

git push -u origin master/main 
                               # push from local machine to github ,Here <master> branch name where we wnat to push # # code #user credentials required to proceed further.  # username and password or use token to varify account. 


…or push an existing repository from the command line.

git remote add origin https://github.com/uservipin/github_code_push_cheat_sheet.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main 
git rm --cached <file>...      # ridiculously complicated command to undo, in case you forgot .gitignore



### Branching and Merging

git branch                          # show list of all branches (* is active)
git checkout -b linux-work          # create a new branch named "linux-work"
<make changes>
git commit -a
git checkout master                 # go back to master branch
git merge linux-work                # merge changesets from linux-work (Git >= 1.5)
git pull . linux-work               # merge changesets from linux-work (all Git versions)
git branch -m <oldname> <newname>   # rename branch
git branch -m <newname>             # rename current branch



### Delete Project 

git branch -d <branchname>   	# deletes local branch
git push origin :<branchname>	# deletes remote branch
git remote prune <branchname>	# update local/remote sync



### Merging Upstream

git remote -v 									# Get list of remote branches
git remote add upstream <upstream github url>	# Add original as upstream
git remote -v 									# Check upstream

git fetch upstream 								# Get original repo
git checkout development						# Switch to main branch in local fork
git merge upstream/development					# Merge original with fork
git diff --name-only | uniq | xargs subl		# Fix conflicts in Sublime Text



### Importing Patches

git apply < ../p/foo.patch
git commit -a



### Exporting Patches

<make changes>
git commit -a -m "commit message"
git format-patch HEAD^  # creates 0001-commit-message.txt
                        # (HEAD^ means every patch since one revision before the
                        # tip of the branch, also known as HEAD)




### Inspecting Revisions

# inspect history visually
gitk    # this opens a Tk window, and shows you how the revisions are connected

# inspect history
git log     # this pipes a log of the current branch into your PAGER
git log -p  # ditto, but append a patch after each commit message

# inspect a specific commit
git show HEAD   # show commit info, diffstat and patch
                # of the tip of the current branch



### Referring to Revisions

# by name
git log v1.0.0  # show history leading up to tag "v1.0.0"
git log master  # show history of branch "master"

# relative to a name
git show master^    # show parent to last revision of master
git show master~2   # show grand parent to tip of master
git show master~3   # show great grand parent to tip of master (you get the idea)

# by output of "git describe"
git show v1.4.4-g730996f    # you get this string by calling "git describe"

# by hash (internally, all objects are identified by a hash)
git show f665776185ad074b236c00751d666da7d1977dbe
git show f665776    # a unique prefix is sufficient

# tag a revision
git tag v1.0.0                      # make current HEAD known as "v1.0.0"
git tag interesting v1.4.4-g730996f # tag a specific revision (not HEAD)



### Comparing Revisions
# diff between two branches
git diff origin..master             # pipes a diff into PAGER
git diff origin..master > my.patch  # pipes a diff into my.patch

# get diffstat of uncommitted work
git diff --stat HEAD




## Sublime as default text editor
cd ~
mkdir bin
ln -s "/Applications/Sublime Text 2.app/Contents/SharedSupport/bin/subl" ~/bin/subl
git config --global core.editor "subl -n -w"

### If that's not working
sudo rm -rf /usr/local/bin/subl
sudo ln -s /Applications/Sublime\ Text\ 2.app/Contents/SharedSupport/bin/subl /usr/local/bin

---

# [<](2021-07-16.md) 2021-07-17 [>](2021-07-18.md)

