# [<](2021-03-17.md) 2021-03-18 [>](2021-03-19.md)

3,403,701 events, 1,662,875 push events, 2,545,707 commit messages, 189,062,949 characters


## [GlennCottam/MarkNote](https://github.com/GlennCottam/MarkNote)@[89404f6fb4...](https://github.com/GlennCottam/MarkNote/commit/89404f6fb4e717a14c99a9ce1adf470daeecdc9e)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 00:32:08 by Glenn Cottam

Added SimpleMDE

Yeah I took the lazy way out.
Added SimpleMDE to make my life easier.

Its a markdown file editor incase your where wondering. Pretty slick too.

Anyway it works, going to do some cleanup, merge to dev, then maybe... just maybe... merge to master.

---
## [shrukam04/shrukam04](https://github.com/shrukam04/shrukam04)@[6d0e8aca13...](https://github.com/shrukam04/shrukam04/commit/6d0e8aca130d385719c92840be544698c9695444)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 01:15:22 by shrukam04

Add files via upload

The dataset is a set of surveys intended to collect information at multiple points in time on the labor market activities and other meaningful life actions of numerous groups of men and women. 

The dataset explains the individuals born between 1957 and 1964. At the time of 1st interview, individuals ages ranged from 14 to 22. The individuals were 53 to 62 at the time of their 2018 interviews.

Number of respondents in survey: 10, 402 individuals initially interviewed in 1990.
Gender: 5095 males and 5307 females in initial survey
Race/ Ethnicity (in initial survey):

•	Non-black/non-Hispanic: 5978
•	Black: 2713
•	Hispanic or Latino: 1711

The purpose of the dataset is to get the clear picture on individuals market behavior, Educational experiences (high school, college, training), Family background, Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery, High school information received from respondents' schools and from respondents' school transcripts, Government program participation, Family life (marital status, children’s), Health issues and Assets and income.

In the initial analysis, this dataset has numerical  value, categorical values etc. also we found the data has many missing records, null values. 

The dataset has many columns shown as below the dataset has country of birth of each individual, sample race includes Hispanic, Black, Non-hispanic, Non-Black, Education loan status, employment status, number of jobs every individual has, divorced status, gender, maximum income of individual, amount of education loan, family size, net worth of every individual.

---
## [jws85/Dotfiles](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles)@[24fa1e871b...](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles/commit/24fa1e871b54d46427fb46ddfe7c35130b93a897)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 01:35:18 by J. W. Smith

Defenestrate treemacs

    defenestrate (n.):  To yeet (esp. out of a window).

Y'know, I'm really not getting *that* much out of treemacs that I
should force myself to play along with their workspace concept.  It's
not that it's bad --- if I'd started emacs with spacemacs/doom, I
probably would be used to it --- but more that it just doesn't work
with how I access projects, and so it all came into a high-speed
collision where I found myself feeling 300-400ms latency on keystrokes
inside PHP projects due to lsp-treemacs pulling in every darn project
on my filesystem because every time I projectile-switch-project I
added that project into a workspace even though I was curating those
workspaces.

And I'd really rather just not use it rather than have to curate my
workspace config like it was a bonsai tree, or build whatever elisp is
necessary to keep different workspaces from colliding.  Just not
enough time.

Argh!  I'm sorry to the treemacs people, it's a good project with a
lot of work put into it, but... it just wasn't meant to be.

dired is built in, and works fine.  It isn't a sidebar, but that's ok.

---
## [Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13)@[6b72e1a748...](https://github.com/Mojave-Sun/mojave-sun-13/commit/6b72e1a748461d92b269dba03bc58eaad74df00b)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 02:05:44 by ms-mirror-bot

[MIRROR] Removes the foam finger rocket launcher (#72)

* Remove the foam finger rocket launcher (#57763)

It's baaaaad. Very bad. There are way better ways to do this but I
don't honestly have the capacity to do them. The sprite states are all
fucked up, it's an odd case of something not being snowflake enough in
the right places, the goddamn thing breaks if you drop it... For fuck's
sake, Ryll tried to fix it and even they couldn't. No, fuck it, get rid
of it, we'll rewrite it later.

* Removes the foam finger rocket launcher

Co-authored-by: TheVekter <TheVekter@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [CDB-Stellar/Cybormen-v-Dino](https://github.com/CDB-Stellar/Cybormen-v-Dino)@[ddfa8eab7c...](https://github.com/CDB-Stellar/Cybormen-v-Dino/commit/ddfa8eab7ca2902937cdd0c66ad5c1049fe04dca)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 02:13:32 by Liam Nelski

Hell Yeah, just Gave myself a shit ton more work to do

Started adding the stuff needed for procedural Generation

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[ec0903a253...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/ec0903a2536a11d5e21f8b6a48eebf1ffb846e8f)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 02:28:49 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-03-17: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, MB, ON); mortality (ON); recovered (PE); testing (PE).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “13 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 10,570, due to the withdrawal of 1 death not attributable to COVID-19: 0 deaths in the last 24 hours, 9 deaths between March 10 and March 15, 4 deaths before March 10.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [7g3p/team-10-maptube](https://github.com/7g3p/team-10-maptube)@[05fda8298f...](https://github.com/7g3p/team-10-maptube/commit/05fda8298f84ae1c8dc54cc4dd774bd86b1af842)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 02:33:12 by 7g3p

HOLY FUCKING SHIT I THIN IT WORKED!!!!!!! Routed the app var through onStartup.py and set gunicorn to onStartup:onStartApp then I added CORS(app) to __init__.py in api to enable cors (Or at least that's the idea)

---
## [hilld13/COMP2160Project](https://github.com/hilld13/COMP2160Project)@[cea85b82c5...](https://github.com/hilld13/COMP2160Project/commit/cea85b82c55a46b2f7cdc5152dbacb341e8a4bd3)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 08:08:03 by SpartanI117

Removing the title bar caused the app to crash so I just put it back. Fucking annoying piece of shit.

---
## [BlobEmoji/blobs.gg](https://github.com/BlobEmoji/blobs.gg)@[5d02983108...](https://github.com/BlobEmoji/blobs.gg/commit/5d0298310885cd1db6bd829b55a534ae4bae07e2)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 11:52:12 by boredomh1

Replace the settings' toggles with toggle buttons (#52)

* WIP buttons, tweak further Parcel
This work is powered by hours of pain and suffering caused by Parcel

* Draw the rest of the owl

* Tweak the dialog

* Prettified Code!

* Good morning, ESLint

* Update package-lock.json
Looks like the problem has magically disappeared? I hope that I won't have to deal with anything worse

* Prettified Code!

* Set the default options to automatic mode

* Follow Luma's suggestion
also, what the heck is that svgr package doing? i think i forgot to remove it

Co-authored-by: joaoh1 <joaoh1@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [ThunderStorms21th/Galaxy-S10](https://github.com/ThunderStorms21th/Galaxy-S10)@[5132cce003...](https://github.com/ThunderStorms21th/Galaxy-S10/commit/5132cce003b5a0f5e040540d68725e2a1337050d)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 11:54:47 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, tbsvc, and typec as they do not exist here]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>

---
## [KadeDev/FNFBot](https://github.com/KadeDev/FNFBot)@[524b0208df...](https://github.com/KadeDev/FNFBot/commit/524b0208dfd8ce9852d941a6ac2584cf3f12dd01)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 12:31:56 by Kade M

Merge pull request #54 from Kiffolisk/patch-5

to people who make useless issues: fuck you all

---
## [IDontEatMeat/StikrFinal](https://github.com/IDontEatMeat/StikrFinal)@[b20d968cad...](https://github.com/IDontEatMeat/StikrFinal/commit/b20d968cadadffdcb0996d74960bd9ecfb1a6811)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 13:13:24 by Mihai Pop

fuck your crusty shitey animation i've removed it now

---
## [ahjragaas/binutils-gdb](https://github.com/ahjragaas/binutils-gdb)@[08c428aff4...](https://github.com/ahjragaas/binutils-gdb/commit/08c428aff4a793b63c7dd2229ae172879623e3a2)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 13:50:16 by Nick Alcock

libctf: eliminate dtd_u, part 5: structs / unions

Eliminate the dynamic member storage for structs and unions as we have
for other dynamic types.  This is much like the previous enum
elimination, except that structs and unions are the only types for which
a full-sized ctf_type_t might be needed.  Up to now, this decision has
been made in the individual ctf_add_{struct,union}_sized functions and
duplicated in ctf_add_member_offset.  The vlen machinery lets us
simplify this, always allocating a ctf_lmember_t and setting the
dtd_data's ctt_size to CTF_LSIZE_SENT: we figure out whether this is
really justified and (almost always) repack things down into a
ctf_stype_t at ctf_serialize time.

This allows us to eliminate the dynamic member paths from the iterators and
query functions in ctf-types.c in favour of always using the large-structure
vlen stuff for dynamic types (the diff is ugly but that's just because of the
volume of reindentation this calls for).  This also means the large-structure
vlen stuff gets more heavily tested, which is nice because it was an almost
totally unused code path before now (it only kicked in for structures of size
>4GiB, and how often do you see those?)

The only extra complexity here is ctf_add_type.  Back in the days of the
nondeduplicating linker this was called a ridiculous number of times for
countless identical copies of structures: eschewing the repeated lookups of the
dtd in ctf_add_member_offset and adding the members directly saved an amazing
amount of time.  Now the nondeduplicating linker is gone, this is extreme
overoptimization: we can rip out the direct addition and use ctf_member_next and
ctf_add_member_offset, just like ctf_dedup_emit does.

We augment a ctf_add_type test to try adding a self-referential struct, the only
thing the ctf_add_type part of this change really perturbs.

This completes the elimination of dtd_u.

libctf/ChangeLog
2021-03-18  Nick Alcock  <nick.alcock@oracle.com>

	* ctf-impl.h (ctf_dtdef_t) <dtu_members>: Remove.
	<dtd_u>: Likewise.
	(ctf_dmdef_t): Remove.
	(struct ctf_next) <u.ctn_dmd>: Remove.
	* ctf-create.c (INITIAL_VLEN): New, more-or-less arbitrary initial
	vlen size.
	(ctf_add_enum): Use it.
	(ctf_dtd_delete): Do not free the (removed) dmd; remove string
	refs from the vlen on struct deletion.
	(ctf_add_struct_sized): Populate the vlen: do it by hand if
	promoting forwards.  Always populate the full-size
	lsizehi/lsizelo members.
	(ctf_add_union_sized): Likewise.
	(ctf_add_member_offset): Set up the vlen rather than the dmd.
	Expand it as needed, repointing string refs via
	ctf_str_move_pending. Add the member names as pending strings.
	Always populate the full-size lsizehi/lsizelo members.
	(membadd): Remove, folding back into...
	(ctf_add_type_internal): ... here, adding via an ordinary
	ctf_add_struct_sized and _next iteration rather than doing
	everything by hand.
	* ctf-serialize.c (ctf_copy_smembers): Remove this...
	(ctf_copy_lmembers): ... and this...
	(ctf_emit_type_sect): ... folding into here. Figure out if a
	ctf_stype_t is needed here, not in ctf_add_*_sized.
	(ctf_type_sect_size): Figure out the ctf_stype_t stuff the same
	way here.
	* ctf-types.c (ctf_member_next): Remove the dmd path and always
	use the vlen.  Force large-structure usage for dynamic types.
	(ctf_type_align): Likewise.
	(ctf_member_info): Likewise.
	(ctf_type_rvisit): Likewise.
	* testsuite/libctf-regression/type-add-unnamed-struct-ctf.c: Add a
	self-referential type to this test.
	* testsuite/libctf-regression/type-add-unnamed-struct.c: Adjusted
	accordingly.
	* testsuite/libctf-regression/type-add-unnamed-struct.lk: Likewise.

---
## [soIu/rpython](https://github.com/soIu/rpython)@[5ac1672600...](https://github.com/soIu/rpython/commit/5ac1672600ac6dda644266d916411ca4715e3016)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 14:26:41 by Farrell Rafi

Check if prototype have another property other than constructor, then it is a class. For constructor property only class out there, fuck you

---
## [gMellog/battleCity](https://github.com/gMellog/battleCity)@[b5ded3d717...](https://github.com/gMellog/battleCity/commit/b5ded3d7179a21f1e8dd09cb95702fe9d0905ffb)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 16:19:39 by Sviatoslav

Release 0:
1. Player can make animated move but there's some bug that i should handle.
Bug that when you push your W A S D keys so fast your next movement could be so strange.
2. Added invisible walls that holds player inside of map, we should make them based on screen because if we decrease or scale it we fucked
3. We need exact plan what we will add inside, i hope that i'll push it soon as possible
4. There's some thinks about bosses in the game, i know that there aren't them in original game but who actually cares, that's my game i do whatever i want
5. We need tests for future. Find reason for what, rly.

---
## [mqudsi/fish-shell](https://github.com/mqudsi/fish-shell)@[cdbf60548a...](https://github.com/mqudsi/fish-shell/commit/cdbf60548a9078e4682d2ab3aeea759dc2ae2cb3)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 19:08:26 by Mahmoud Al-Qudsi

Make `test` target a custom target again and add top-level test targets

Even though we are using CMake's ctest for testing, we still define our
own `make test` target rather than use its default for many reasons:

 * CMake doesn't run tests in-proc or even add each tests as an
   individual node in the ninja dependency tree, instead it just bundles
   all tests into a target called `test` that always just shells out to
   `ctest`, so there are no build-related benefits to not doing that
   ourselves.
 * CMake devs insist that it is appropriate for `make test` to never
   depend on `make all`, i.e. running `make test` does not require any
   of the binaries to be built before testing.
 * The only way to have a test depend on a binary is to add a fake test
   with a name like "build_fish" that executes CMake recursively to
   build the `fish` target.
 * It is not possible to set top-level CTest options/settings such as
   CTEST_PARALLEL_LEVEL from within the CMake configuration file.
 * Circling back to the point about individual tests not being actual
   Makefile targets, CMake does not offer any way to execute a named
   test via the `make`/`ninja`/whatever interface; the only way to
   manually invoke test `foo` is to to manually run `ctest` and specify
   a regex matching `foo` as an argument, e.g. `ctest -R ^foo$`... which
   is really crazy.

With this patch, it is now possible to execute any single test by name,
by invoking the build directly, e.g. to run the `universal.fish` check:
`cmake --build build --target universal.fish` or
`ninja -C build universal.fish`. Unfortunately, this is not integrated
into the Makefile wrapper, so `make universal.fish` won't work (although
this can potentially be hacked around).

This patch also makes the generation of `low_level_tests.txt` (used to
populate the list of low-level tests passed to CMake's `add_test()`
function) contingent on `fish_tests.cpp` having been modified. This is
ugly, but that file takes a hell of a long time to compile, even without
any linking step (thanks to weak references and dynamic symbol loading).
An option to improve this is to use a separate top-level CMake script
that builds only this one test and without any dependencies, and invoke
CMake recursively to build the one file.

---
## [calebschmurr/CAES_Controls](https://github.com/calebschmurr/CAES_Controls)@[a32ceed033...](https://github.com/calebschmurr/CAES_Controls/commit/a32ceed03332e3ed1d301dd913261c1bfd5b8c93)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 20:14:33 by samuelkcrow

Create CAESObject class and methods it calls in other classes

I am not in love with the name. I want something of the flavor CAESSystem or something like that but better and more obvious. Maybe that's it, I don't know. Anyways, I made the whole class for the actions you can do like charge, discharge, and turn the system off. I didn't implement any modes yet... I think those should probably go in this class too maybe? Not sure. Also I made the methods in valve and ssrelay that are called by my new class. Thank you for coming to my TED talk.

---
## [112233kk/KoikatsuStoryTranslation](https://github.com/112233kk/KoikatsuStoryTranslation)@[234e5c3355...](https://github.com/112233kk/KoikatsuStoryTranslation/commit/234e5c33556fab0aa6bba7c59bc39eedaaf851ae)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 20:53:59 by 112233kk

Contribution to some H-lines of personality c00

Contribution to lines: 320, 332, 316, 336, 388, 392, 479, 476, 496, 500, 620, 616, 775, 778, 823, 826, 838, 835, 877, 880, 947, 950, 965, 968, 1055 and 1058.
This is the first translation I do, sorry if it's too bad, please tell me what could be improved and what sounds weird.

I have some general questions regarding most lines:
-I don't know if I should delete the // at the beginning before sending the contribution.
-イケ and イキ both refer to "cum"?
-Should we take the liberty to add ~/!/... to add more emotion and expressiveness to the lines? I refer to those cases where it's not in the original written line

And I also made some notes about specific lines:
-316: I put slowly for だんだん, I also considered step by step or little by little but it sounds too long for me, what do you think?
-388: Do you keep the "(初絶頂)" too in the translation or is it unnecessary?
-620: I'm not sure about 想い, I used "love" for the context, tell me if there is a better word
-823: Is ジンジン a subject (throbbing) who する (rubs) inside? I interpreted it as two sensations that are happening at the same time, but the literal translation refers to the former.
-838: 私が君を= the literal translation of this is very confusing, is it "I am with You" or is it something like "Are we together"?
-835: I had a hard time phrasing this sentence because of the "?" connotation, not sure if it's grammatically correct, please check this one
-880: I wrote "ah" to keep the っ, tell me if there is a more accurate expression
-965: I'm not sure if "intimately" keeps the meaning of the original, what would you write instead?
-968: Here I was not sure if 敏感 was a feeling as in "it's sensitive" or if it was a subject "sensitive place", I went with the latter.

---
## [purescript/purescript](https://github.com/purescript/purescript)@[f36ff2a984...](https://github.com/purescript/purescript/commit/f36ff2a984e7743b8a0967becb9dee5d684fc30a)
#### Thursday 2021-03-18 21:06:59 by Harry Garrood

Drop hpack, make it easier to use cabal-install (#3933)

Stack offers a relatively poor developer experience on this repository
right now. The main issue is that build products are invalidated far
more often than they should be. cabal-install is better at this, but
using cabal-install together with hpack is a bit awkward.

Additionally, hpack isn't really pulling its weight these days. Current
versions of stack recommend that you check your generated cabal file in,
which is a huge pain as you have to explain to contributors to please
leave the cabal file alone and edit package.yaml instead (the comment
saying the file is auto-generated is quite easy to miss).

Current versions of Cabal also solve the issues which made hpack
appealing in the first place, namely:

- common stanzas mean you don't have to repeat yourself for things like
  -Wall or dependencies
- tests are run from inside a source distribution by default, which
  means that if you forget to include something in extra-source-files
  you find out when you run the tests locally, rather than having to
  wait for CI to fail
- the globbing syntax is slightly more powerful (admittedly not quite as
  powerful as hpack's, but you can use globs like tests/**/*.purs now,
  which gets us close enough to hpack that the difference is basically
  negligible).

We do still need to manually maintain exposed-modules lists, but I am
happy to take that in exchange for the build tool not invalidating our
build products all the time.

This PR drops hpack in favour of manually-maintained Cabal files,
so that it's easier to use cabal-install when working on the compiler.
Stack is still the only officially supported build tool though - the
CI, contributing, and installation docs all still use Stack.

Stack also works a little better now than it used to, because I think one of
the causes of unnecessary rebuilds was us specifying optimization flags
in the Cabal file. (Newer versions of Cabal warn you not to do this, so
I think this might be a known issue). To ensure that release builds are
built with -O2, I've updated the stack.yaml file to specify that -O2
should be used.

---

# [<](2021-03-17.md) 2021-03-18 [>](2021-03-19.md)

