# [<](2021-07-22.md) 2021-07-23 [>](2021-07-24.md)

2,819,576 events, 1,449,733 push events, 2,260,989 commit messages, 164,801,426 characters


## [bananadroid/android_vendor_extras](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_vendor_extras)@[64702994c9...](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_vendor_extras/commit/64702994c9f5eaafb51c06092e32e5bc0fb86b91)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 00:21:45 by Kshitij Gupta

themes: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Arghya Chanda <arghyac35@gmail.com>

notch-city: Refactor package name

Signed-off-by: ShubhamB <shubhamprince111@gmail.com>
Change-Id: Ieb8b35a3062c9334e82153a1dd26df3853db4f1f

---
## [ichard26/blackbench](https://github.com/ichard26/blackbench)@[2dcd3e02fe...](https://github.com/ichard26/blackbench/commit/2dcd3e02fe775f249b0a5a64cc0b1eea74cc2d74)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 03:53:20 by Richard Si

Add target-id support to --targets & clean up test suite

Implementing the target id support ctually wasn't that painful
surprisingly enough.

Basically I'm trying to avoid the checking against known good JSON files
because 1) it's painful to update the files, 2) it requires quite a bit
of hacking with `run_suite` and `subprocess.run`.

Other cleanups were done in the test suite (like removing the
@needs_black decorator which in hidesight is IMHO not necessary)

Oh yeah there's also documentation fixes cause I can't stop making
mistakes.

P.S. I still very much hate the test suite, but hopefully trying TDD
helps me write better tests :p

---
## [kiara101/kiara-](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-)@[c52fcf62bf...](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-/commit/c52fcf62bf72405c2d44c61405598de73f26e750)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 11:07:54 by kiara101

Do's and Don'ts of wearing a polo t-shirt

Polo t-shirts are considered to be the most exclusive casual wear. Fashion comes and goes, but polo t-shirts have remained versatile all over the years. The main advantage of wearing a polo t-shirt is, it looks classy and goes well with everything. We all love polo t-shirts because of their comfort and stylish appearance. it is a perfect blend of casual and business style, which allows for a variety of uses. Whether it's a Friday at the office or a casual meet-up with friends, it fits all our needs and looks. Most of us wear this incredible t-shirt, without giving a thought, due to which we make a lot of fashion blunders while trying this out.

https://classicpolos.com/

---
## [nikp123/xava](https://github.com/nikp123/xava)@[b2d2add192...](https://github.com/nikp123/xava/commit/b2d2add19296476734481385d766dbbeb6e6a4db)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 11:44:18 by Nikola Pavlica

[bugfix] iniparser sucks

Fukcing hell i should get rid of this cursed library.

---
## [jessicastrawford/sei-project-one](https://github.com/jessicastrawford/sei-project-one)@[6b424c15a2...](https://github.com/jessicastrawford/sei-project-one/commit/6b424c15a2e69cd1ba4fd6c78a3a42e7f5e20442)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 12:13:13 by Jessica Strawford

I think I am finishedgit add .  Since my last commit I have added sound effects and added  customised alert button for when you loose. I did have some issues this morning when creating this new alert button and changing all my alert() functions as this then affected a few of my collions. I managed to fix a bug this morning where when I am at the edge of the board it doesn't pick me up as a collion- I minused one from the position of the paintbrush- because it is set one cell behind to work visually. However I managed to undo this work by adding the new alert button for lose(). If I had more time I would go back and try and see how I can fix this again. I also wanted to make the entire webpage have a dark black gradient (like the default setting of alert()) and also pause the game but I struggled with this so I decided to stop the movement of the artist and then get rid of everything on the grid.. I have also created a similiar visual appearance to having whats behind the alert darker by adding a box shadow to make it stand out from the page. I am really happy with my progress over the last couple of days and I am really excited to see everyone else's games! I think a visual thing that perhaps I would go back on is to make my game board and the canvas slighly smaller so that they do not take up the full screen. But apart from that I am happy with the appearance of my game. If I had more time I think I would also add different levels- hard being that the moving paintbrushes move faster etc.. I would also like to play aorund with the paint splats and perhaps play around with a random arrangement so that the blue for e example can splash anywhere on the page in a different position each time... I would like to play around with the artwork/ splashes more. Another idea I had was that the player could choose a colour palette- either bold primary colours, or pastel colours, or more neutral colours.. and this then would change all the colour blobs and therefore the splashes on the page. I will definietly revist this game to add a few of these extra ideaa. I have really enjoyed this week and it has been a good test of everything we have learnt. I'm looking forward to next week and learning more

---
## [ShaileshLokhande/HackerRankRepository](https://github.com/ShaileshLokhande/HackerRankRepository)@[22e04eeca8...](https://github.com/ShaileshLokhande/HackerRankRepository/commit/22e04eeca8f9dd307b76ead9498e7f48ecc07b70)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 12:16:52 by Shailesh Lokhande

AddedCodeForStrongPassword

Louise joined a social networking site to stay in touch with her friends. The signup page required her to input a name and a password. However, the password must be strong. The website considers a password to be strong if it satisfies the following criteria:

Its length is at least .
It contains at least one digit.
It contains at least one lowercase English character.
It contains at least one uppercase English character.
It contains at least one special character. The special characters are: !@#$%^&*()-+
She typed a random string of length  in the password field but wasn't sure if it was strong. Given the string she typed, can you find the minimum number of characters she must add to make her password strong?

Note: Here's the set of types of characters in a form you can paste in your solution:

numbers = "0123456789"
lower_case = "abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"
upper_case = "ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ"
special_characters = "!@#$%^&*()-+"
Example


This password is 5 characters long and is missing an uppercase and a special character. The minimum number of characters to add is .


This password is 5 characters long and has at least one of each character type. The minimum number of characters to add is .

Function Description

Complete the minimumNumber function in the editor below.

minimumNumber has the following parameters:

int n: the length of the password
string password: the password to test
Returns

int: the minimum number of characters to add
Input Format

The first line contains an integer , the length of the password.

The second line contains the password string. Each character is either a lowercase/uppercase English alphabet, a digit, or a special character.

Constraints

All characters in  are in [a-z], [A-Z], [0-9], or [!@#$%^&*()-+ ].
Sample Input 0

3
Ab1
Sample Output 0

3
Explanation 0

She can make the password strong by adding  characters, for example, $hk, turning the password into Ab1$hk which is strong.

 characters aren't enough since the length must be at least .

Sample Input 1

11
#HackerRank
Sample Output 1

1
Explanation 1

The password isn't strong, but she can make it strong by adding a single digit.

---
## [BurgerLUA/burgerstation](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation)@[7e8f6d2a20...](https://github.com/BurgerLUA/burgerstation/commit/7e8f6d2a20f4770f0652def346695a2cf698f529)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 12:43:19 by NzzyFk

HOLY M1911. GOD HELP ME IN CODING THIS.  (#327)

* FREEDOM. LIBERATION. INDEPENDENCE.

FUCKING YEEEEAH BAAABY.

Co-authored-by: Stalkeros2 <42087567+Stalkeros2@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [jschref/drupal_edu_playground](https://github.com/jschref/drupal_edu_playground)@[a29e0893d5...](https://github.com/jschref/drupal_edu_playground/commit/a29e0893d5e24e72307d72cda5f8f908f3bae10d)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 13:34:34 by JSchref

Additional updates to Star Wars module

SWapi.dev is still running slowly today, but at least it is functioning.
(I cross checked with other people's use of the API, and they too are
running poorly. Generally I assume if something isn't working well it is
my fault, but in this case it at least appears it might not be.) This
does however make my choice of calling the API more times than
absolutely necessary look like a bad decision. With the benefit of
hindsight, I should have loaded everything into state up front, so the
user experience could be crisper. It was so little data. At this point
though, I'd have to significantly rework the design to do so. If this were
for a client I would insist on doing so, but as this was just a learning
experience for playing with APIs, I think the requirement has been met.

---
## [kiedtl/roguelike](https://github.com/kiedtl/roguelike)@[d8c504c822...](https://github.com/kiedtl/roguelike/commit/d8c504c822a1e6d8838b74ada4657131581797cd)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 18:24:08 by Kiëd Llaentenn

Fix idiotic mistakes with combat algorithms

Beyond stupid, methinks.

1. The roll to decide if an attack landed would never hit 100, so a
100% chance of hit would never land.
2. The arguments to chanceOfAttackDodged() was reversed, so the function
was calculating the chance of the attacker dodging a nonexistant attack
by the defender.
3. The ranges were 0..100 instead of 1..100, so a 0% chance for dodge
would be a 1% chance.
4. And worst of all, the chances were reversed so that hits were always
misses and misses were always hits.

---
## [MetalfOxXer/NarutoNinpou](https://github.com/MetalfOxXer/NarutoNinpou)@[6c317658ee...](https://github.com/MetalfOxXer/NarutoNinpou/commit/6c317658ee2c31c5e7404f69cd196a4e9d615204)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 18:35:34 by MetalfOxXer

changes

Karin's E should be dodgeable by using wood
Kidomaru E should be dodgeable by using wood
 #861262175439290409: make Temari's E actually start where you click and not a little bit to the side of where you click, it fucks with the hitbox.
tonton-bot
BOT
 — Today at 17:26
The following :exclamation: balance issue was :white_check_mark: approved to be released on version 7.6 with 11:thumbsup: / 5:thumbsdown::

 #864490087148683274: Hanzo E should only stun if the target is poisoned
tonton-bot
BOT
 — Today at 18:20
The following :bug: bug was :white_check_mark: approved to be released on version 7.6 with 3:thumbsup: / 0:thumbsdown::

 #811761330876842045: if neji r puts him outside arena he will and the target will be perma stunned and he keeps sliding outside arena and to the middle.
The following :bug: bug was :white_check_mark: approved to be released on version 7.6 with 1:thumbsup: / 0:thumbsdown::

 #777098885955846144: Sasuke D (Genjutsu: Sharingan) goes through mirror and still holds
The following :exclamation: balance issue was :white_check_mark: approved to be released on version 7.6 with 5:thumbsup: / 1:thumbsdown::

 #861310079822987305: make Chiyo’s W 2nd activation connect the stun and vanish as soon as the kunai knives have hit the selected hero. This should only apply to heroes and if it’s on creeps it works as it does now, also if do not decrease the duration the kunais are out which is rn 5 seconds, as that is useful to for farming, if you can’t do all of these steps, then don’t do some half assed version of this, it’s either all of this or nothing.
tonton-bot
BOT
 — Today at 19:12
The following :bug: bug was :white_check_mark: approved to be released on version 7.6 with 2:thumbsup: / 0:thumbsdown::

 #862446988531859476: Jiraiya still commits suicide when things like scythe pull him during his W

---
## [nikp123/xava](https://github.com/nikp123/xava)@[4ee2aa6e4d...](https://github.com/nikp123/xava/commit/4ee2aa6e4d13e60f760922d2d4ba4996b6a65099)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 19:17:16 by Nikola Pavlica

[bugfix] get rid of FreeConsole() please for the love of fuck

FreeConsole is cancer

---
## [koussay183/bw](https://github.com/koussay183/bw)@[de438cbdb9...](https://github.com/koussay183/bw/commit/de438cbdb91b5287cd37502b0982c434fb95760e)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 20:07:58 by koussay183

i just finished the project i changed the main color to black and white i rlly love that color and i added some pics to website you can make onother page for rest of the team i already maked a button that takes you to that page and no need for new style for team member card you can use mine and don't forget to put your social media links in the footer

---
## [bramhaag/OwOUploader](https://github.com/bramhaag/OwOUploader)@[7f59d1fede...](https://github.com/bramhaag/OwOUploader/commit/7f59d1fedea2e1e6a4732651031c0d68c1abb34e)
#### Friday 2021-07-23 22:07:18 by Nahuel Dolores

Implement API key management (#40)

* Add cipher helper and began shared preference storage

* Add history database using Room

* Implement history and add Hilt/Dagger

* Add singleton for CryptographyHelper and more

* Fix errors with CryptographyHelper implementation

* Fix things after merge, and apply the key loading

* Fix issues with checkstyle (fuck you)

* Implement requested changes before merge

* Implement key validation

* Add toast and remove OwOAPI getter

Co-authored-by: Bram Hagens <bramhagens@hotmail.nl>

---

# [<](2021-07-22.md) 2021-07-23 [>](2021-07-24.md)

