# [<](2021-08-08.md) 2021-08-09 [>](2021-08-10.md)

3,090,746 events, 1,464,559 push events, 2,350,817 commit messages, 180,886,189 characters


## [Festusnkrumah/the-supreme](https://github.com/Festusnkrumah/the-supreme)@[530f0804ce...](https://github.com/Festusnkrumah/the-supreme/commit/530f0804ceb6d8fc123ca888106b398700c1e8d6)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 03:38:34 by Festus Nkrumah

Create blank.yml.festusnkrumah

Hello friends!

My name is Leah. I'm a long-time open source enthusiast, who believes strongly that everyone can be involved in OSS—not just engineers! My personal path was focused on logistics, events, project governance, and all other sorts of operational things, and yours could really be anything at all. The world of OSS is big, and there's SO much to do.

Aside from what I can fit into my day job (which is thankfully privileged enough provide me lots of time to work on Open Source ecosystems), I'm specifically passionate about helping more women in open source take leadership positions. I do this largely via mentorship, evangelism, and creating and running programs at events and in online communities that further such goals. On all fronts I believe that representation matters, and that most environments can absolutely be tailored to make that happen—just takes a small bit of effort and accomodation.

I spend lots of my free time on projects like Ember Women Helping Women, the Ember Mentorship Program, promoting Babies at work programs, and bouncing around the internet reminding people about all the amazing women and other underrepresented folks who could make wonderful differences in their communities and projects.

I welcome this as yet another opportunity to do the work I love doing, and spread the word about all the improvements folks could be making to their environments, programs and communities. How can I help?

---
## [Solstron/Second-West-Russian-War---Mod-Files](https://github.com/Solstron/Second-West-Russian-War---Mod-Files)@[d1077e6885...](https://github.com/Solstron/Second-West-Russian-War---Mod-Files/commit/d1077e6885de47f77456f725a46ad8fa8e6bffdd)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 07:38:06 by Pineapple

pushing all my shit from austria so I can use my PC again

I have been working on this laptop and the screen is too damn small

CHANGES:
- like tolstoy I have updated war and peace mechanics (more to follow)
-werbell war tree skeleton partially built, post war tree election skeleton partially built (for teaser purposes the latter)

---
## [GitJournal/GitJournal](https://github.com/GitJournal/GitJournal)@[f24740ea3a...](https://github.com/GitJournal/GitJournal/commit/f24740ea3a5a0095703ba6c6e7c4274492f964f3)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 08:44:42 by Vishesh Handa

SortedNotesFolder: Fix binary search

I can't remember why I implemented this myself instead of using a
standard implementation and avoiding idiotic bugs like this.

Fixes #172

---
## [Gilgahex/fynx-fire-data](https://github.com/Gilgahex/fynx-fire-data)@[46cd75baf6...](https://github.com/Gilgahex/fynx-fire-data/commit/46cd75baf60bb0e6dcf22b3ba7c2c80e48c01db1)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 08:45:00 by gilgahex

fucking hell, cloudflare is cockblocking me, let's just use selenium

---
## [Lukasa/swift-nio](https://github.com/Lukasa/swift-nio)@[f3c7713ce9...](https://github.com/Lukasa/swift-nio/commit/f3c7713ce9f7c4cade88694ccfa0c71d0f6700ef)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 09:01:32 by Cory Benfield

Extract PriorityQueue to its own module.

Motivation:

I'd like to move EmbeddedChannel and friends out of the main NIO
repository and into their own module. Unfortunately, EmbeddedChannel
shares the PriorityQueue implementation we wrote with the various POSIX
channels. To avoid duplicating the code, we should pull it out to its
own module.

However, we've never wanted to commit to the API of this data structure,
and the same is true now. To that end, I'm pulling it into an
underscored module that is not a product of the package.

We could have used the `@_spi` annotation here but honestly I'm a bit
nervous about doing that at the low-level of NIO itself, as if the Swift
team does change the spelling of it at any point in the future we'll be
in real trouble. This way works almost as well, and makes our intent a
lot clearer.

Modifications:

- Extracted Heap and PriorityQueue to a new module.
- Made everything @inlinable to do our best to make performance
  acceptable.

Result:

We can re-use PriorityQueue.

---
## [apple/swift-nio](https://github.com/apple/swift-nio)@[d62c733653...](https://github.com/apple/swift-nio/commit/d62c733653ae5388a0f9d47025c983a0c3165682)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 10:00:06 by Cory Benfield

Extract PriorityQueue to its own module. (#1932)

Motivation:

I'd like to move EmbeddedChannel and friends out of the main NIO
repository and into their own module. Unfortunately, EmbeddedChannel
shares the PriorityQueue implementation we wrote with the various POSIX
channels. To avoid duplicating the code, we should pull it out to its
own module.

However, we've never wanted to commit to the API of this data structure,
and the same is true now. To that end, I'm pulling it into an
underscored module that is not a product of the package.

We could have used the `@_spi` annotation here but honestly I'm a bit
nervous about doing that at the low-level of NIO itself, as if the Swift
team does change the spelling of it at any point in the future we'll be
in real trouble. This way works almost as well, and makes our intent a
lot clearer.

Modifications:

- Extracted Heap and PriorityQueue to a new module.
- Made everything @inlinable to do our best to make performance
  acceptable.

Result:

We can re-use PriorityQueue.

---
## [kiara101/kiara-](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-)@[beda07b436...](https://github.com/kiara101/kiara-/commit/beda07b4369fc89c4a00904250717f726666489c)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 11:08:47 by kiara101

Guidelines for wearing a half-sleeve shirt

A Half-sleeve shirt seems to be a perfect offer for warm and hot days. It can be a casual shirt or can also be worn to the office. This shirt looks good on guys who have well-defined muscles and chests. It flatters the body shape and makes all your hard work in the gym worthy. When you are wearing it for work always make sure to tuck your shirts. You can tuck your shirts out while pairing them with casual trousers or shorts. It used to be the domain of IT workers. Time has changed though and it’s no longer mandatory to just rock long-sleeved button shirts with rolled-up sleeves- as much as we do love them.

So, get amazing outfit ideas at https://classicpolos.com/

---
## [BRUH69042/kaori-bot](https://github.com/BRUH69042/kaori-bot)@[3964ef400f...](https://github.com/BRUH69042/kaori-bot/commit/3964ef400f59b051f5f384dad93787581db25ae8)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 13:53:38 by BRUH69042

Fuck you i forgot to add "fun" in exts list fucufu

---
## [jackalot/INVENTORY-APPLICATION](https://github.com/jackalot/INVENTORY-APPLICATION)@[8814aa97a1...](https://github.com/jackalot/INVENTORY-APPLICATION/commit/8814aa97a1d90b6d080bbf3423bccabd192d2347)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 14:24:14 by Jackal

sorry for the language but IT FINALLY FUCKING SHOWS THIS GOD DAM CATEGORIES LIST

---
## [bluehomewu/android_kernel_fih-nokia_sdm710](https://github.com/bluehomewu/android_kernel_fih-nokia_sdm710)@[ee9838c4b8...](https://github.com/bluehomewu/android_kernel_fih-nokia_sdm710/commit/ee9838c4b878c6e9ce6c6de50e17ac74fbde29c8)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 15:03:36 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>

---
## [NovaWostra/Pixel-Perfection-Skybox-Addon](https://github.com/NovaWostra/Pixel-Perfection-Skybox-Addon)@[3806466ca9...](https://github.com/NovaWostra/Pixel-Perfection-Skybox-Addon/commit/3806466ca9e4e1ab56b67c0f0e6b35f41971987c)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 16:37:58 by NovaWostra

End Skybox update! PRITTYYYYY

Optifine's latest preview added an skybox for the end so I added one for the end. it has a "day and night" thing going on but is just a edited version of the usual skybox. sorry I suck but hey, you maybe like it

---
## [LumberKing/Tianxia](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia)@[b0528b2991...](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia/commit/b0528b299196793ff6faa136e0c7c4ba1556d77a)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 17:44:58 by Silversweeper

Balance/optimization/polishing (part 3 of ???)

Council:
- Chinese Imperial, Confucian Bureaucracy, Eastern Imperial, Japanese Imperial, Japanese Bureaucracy, and Divine Imperial rulers can no longer fire their councillors if has_actual_regency_trigger is true.
- If Conclave is active, Chinese Imperial, Confucian Bureaucracy, Eastern Imperial, Japanese Imperial, Japanese Bureaucracy, and Divine Imperial rulers need 25 prestige times tier (rel heads counting as emperors) per law in the council's favour to fire a councillor. Having a Permanent Regent counts as having seven laws in the council's favour.

Governments:
- Removed inherent monthly piety from Chinese Imperial, Japanese Imperial, and Japanese Monastic Feudal.
- Lowered the amount of concubines for Chinese Imperial and Japanese Imperial to 100.
- Lowered the extra court size for Chinese Imperial and Japanese Imperial to 500.
- Dynasty members of Chinese Imperial emperors no longer get Chinese Imperial (unless they happen to control another Chinese Imperial empire).
- Overhauled Chinese Imperial eligibility.
- Japanese Imperial no longer accepts any liege governments, which should make the Tenno a bit less likely to decide that this Shogunate thing isn't so bad...
- The Tenno can no longer freely revoke duchies, making it harder to deal with duke vassals that swap to Japanese Feudal or Japanese Monastic Feudal.
- Added Eastern Imperial government.
- Overhauled Confucian Bureaucracy (chinese_vassal_government) eligibility.
- Added Japanese Bureaucracy government.
- Overhauled Japanese Feudal eligibility.
- Overhauled Japanese Monastic Feudal eligibility.
- Added Divine Imperial government.
- Changed government colours for Chinese Imperial and Nomadic.

Game rules:
- Deleted the culture game rule for Chinese Imperial, seeing as it was causing way too many problems.

Laws:
- Chinese, Japonic, Koreanic, Viet, and Jurchen rulers should now default to Agnatic if not scripted as something else, unless feminist = yes or the like.
- Chinese Imperial, Confucian Bureaucracy, Eastern Imperial, Japanese Imperial, Japanese Bureaucracy, Japanese Feudal, Japanese Monastic Feudal, and Divine Imperial rulers can no longer get assorted elective laws (discounting the special elective laws for Japanese/Divine Imperial).
- Chinese Imperial, Confucian Bureaucracy, Eastern Imperial, Japanese Imperial, Japanese Bureaucracy, Japanese Feudal, Japanese Monastic Feudal, and Divine Imperial rulers can no longer get Full Council Authority, seeing as that forces elective.

Religion features:
- Added Tolerant Nature.
- Added Spiritual Leadership.
- Added Divine Ancestry Leadership.
- Changed Muist unique Doctrine to Self-Improvement + Animistic (was Meritocracy + Animistic). Can of course be combined with Meritocracy.
- Changed Ryukyuan (non-The Three Mountains) unique Doctrine to Self-Improvement + Equality (was (most of) Sea-Bound + Equality). Can of course be combined with Sea-Bound.

scripted_triggers:
- Deleted duplicate has_chinese_chancellor_requirement_trigger triggers.
- Grand Chancellors can now create kingdoms and duchies even if their liege is Chinese Imperial, regardless of the game rule and their liege's MoH status. I'm sure this won't ever be a problem, seeing as they obviously are the most loyal of vassals.
- Overhauled triggers related to various governments.

Wonder upgrades:
- Greater Shrines and Shrines to Amaterasu-Omikami and Ninigi-no-Mikoto no longer grant Amaterasu Descendant opinion, bringing them more in line with other upgrades.

Decisions:
- The AI will no longer bother with changing religion to/from Japanese Feudal from/to Japanese Monastic Feudal.
- The decision to convert culture from Emishi to Ainu no longer requires you to have Yamato culture.
- The AI no longer sees a reason to look for a Mass Conversion if they've got Chinese Imperial/etc.
- You no longer lose prestige when changing to Japanese Feudal using the decision (the WotRS decision still costs society currecy, since that's easier), but there's still a prestige requirement to take the decision.
- You no longer lose piety when changing to Japanese Monastic Feudal using the decision (the FotK decision still costs society currecy, since that's easier), but there's still a piety requirement to take the decision.
- You can now convert to Japanese Feudal or Japanese Monastic Feudal without amassing prestige or piety if your top liege has the desired government and shares your dynasty (and you are eligible for the government).

History:
- Fixed several gender issues related to the Imperial Family.
- Emperor Suinin is now referred to as such, rather than using his birth name.
- k_japan doesn't get renamed to a charid any longer, resulting in much less confusion.
- Minor fixes.

Localization:
- Ninigi-no-Mikoto is no longer spelled Ningi-no-Mikoto, fixing an instance of the mod being "literally unplayable".

Misc:
- Fixed a number of vanilla and Tianxia errors where "combo" Doctrines weren't counted properly for some things.
- Removed the ability for Japanese Monastic Feudal to sponsor Mass Conversions and to send missionaries to foreign lands. The Shinto religion doesn't do that, and nor would a Ryukyuan imitation.
- Commented out a number of references to offmap_china.

Graphics:
- Added new government icons.
- Added new character frames.
- Removed some irrelevant decision icons.

---
## [DarkoniusXNG/oaa](https://github.com/DarkoniusXNG/oaa)@[fd1090013a...](https://github.com/DarkoniusXNG/oaa/commit/fd1090013a3e1078540879109fe4dbbc0dcdcac4)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 19:33:48 by Darko V

Wanderer tweaks (#3016)

* Wanderer tweaks

* Point Aversion bonus damage per point difference increased from 25 to 75.
* Increased boss tier (for boss regen and degen) from 1 to 3/4/5. This means all Wanderers will be harder to kill with Bleeding.
* Each Wanderer kill increases its regen tier. This means Wanderers that spawn after Wanderer 3 (wanderers that give only points) will be way harder to kill with Bleeding.
* Spawning Wanderer with a cheat will set the regen tier to 3.
* Added more comments to ai_wanderer.lua and did some cleanup.
* Wanderers 3 and those that spawn after now have Siltbreaker protection (immunity to most stuns and silences).
I am still thinking about if Wanderer 2 should have this as well because normal tier 3 bosses and some tier 4 bosses have this Siltbreaker protection and they are not that hard to kill.
* Disable Sticky Blood proccing if Wanderer is not aggroed.

* Travis

---
## [zenglenn42/CityMatch](https://github.com/zenglenn42/CityMatch)@[73b6341fad...](https://github.com/zenglenn42/CityMatch/commit/73b6341fad20b551f331a2abffa7bd65b81d51ca)
#### Monday 2021-08-09 19:55:24 by Glenn Streiff

fix annoying priority-page repaint/flash behavior with bloody chicken

You know how you let a leaky faucet continue to drip for several
weeks because you just haven't had a chance to call the plumber or
do the deep dive yourself and come back from Home Depot with $117 worth
of unnecessary washers, exotic plumbing tools, and freshly cached
knowledge from the plumbing dept dude who /seems/ to be a badass but maybe
that's pyschological projection on your part?

Well, in that spirit, I've noticed a super odd and ego-challenging
nuisance repaint behavior with my share-your-priorities page over
the past few months.  It seems to happen mainly on desktop.  I'll resize
the window and then vertically scroll the page or just mouse-around and the
politics card will just /flicker/, sometimes disappearing
entirely from the screen, forcing me to reload the page.
Also, selecting the menu and clicking on 'View' or any of the other
expanding submenus seems to trigger this super annoying flicker with
bothersome consistency.

I seek the advice of Lord Google.  Nuisance repaints may be
caused by many things, especially computed CSS values (like em's
and %'s) or possibly changes in classes that drive presentation.

I let my subconcious chew on all the shizzle I read and awake with
the idea of focussing on 'mdl-layout'-related classes on the
priorities page.

Afterall, I had already dropped a fix some time back for unresponsive
menu-drawers in Material Design Lite that involved programmatically
downgrading and then upgrading elements of this class.  Perhaps that
work-around is causing a secondary side-effect?

My priorities page /is/ setting the 'mdl-layout__content' class.
What would happen if i just commented that out?

The flicker seems to go away!

Normally I would dig-in and understand /why/, but the MDL framework
is not well-supported, sadly.  And I'm okay with an expedient win
in this scenario.

I'd be ready to checkin but I notice my sticky footer for the priorities
page has now gone away too. :-(

Presumably the mdl-layout__content class is horse-whispering
sweet nothings to flexbox to achieve the desired footer at the bottom
of the viewport.

So I reach for Lea Verou's book on CSS Secrets which talks
about adding your /own/ sticky footer with fu from Philip Walton.
It mainly says to create a flex body/container with 100vh and header / main / footer
elements and with the main div having 'flex: 1' to create
the sticky footer.  This seems to give me what I want, sans flicker.

See, webdev is easy. ;-)

---

# [<](2021-08-08.md) 2021-08-09 [>](2021-08-10.md)

