# [<](2021-02-23.md) 2021-02-24 [>](2021-02-25.md)

3,141,330 events, 1,569,463 push events, 2,482,427 commit messages, 200,028,347 characters


## [armbian/build](https://github.com/armbian/build)@[871bdd15ae...](https://github.com/armbian/build/commit/871bdd15aebe40707f78ad179d51cab8bdc2a579)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 00:52:30 by Miouyouyou (Myy)

Switching to configuration files...

I still wonder if we should either :
* keep one folder per distribution name, with all the package lists as files.
  That way, if any modification needs to be done on a specific file, we just
  have to modify THAT file, and don't worry about it.
  However, if a modification needs to be applied to every package list, well
  you'll have to edit EVERY package file from EVERY folder...
  Yeah...
* get the package list, and debian rules, configurations from an "all" folder,
  if a specific folder for the chosen distribution doesn't exist. That way,
  folders will only exist if a distribution needs specific rules...
  That might happen very quickly, though, since all these Debian distributions
  are really scattered, in term of release dates. Especially for debian package
  rules
* create symlinks. This one is easy, but Windows users will have to enable
  "Developer" mode in order to get access to "mklink". I'm not sure that Armbian
  is mainly built by Linux users. There might be a bigger number of Windows users
  building Armbian distributions...
  Still, symlinks solve every problem in terms of duplication. Thought, this
  might generate a few surprises if you confuse symlinks with simple files.

For the moment, I'll just keep simple files, since I'm debugging the whole thing.
But that question will arise shortly given the mess this generates.

Signed-off-by: Miouyouyou (Myy) <myy@miouyouyou.fr>

---
## [Rashmika998/BLOOM](https://github.com/Rashmika998/BLOOM)@[5be6a4ab14...](https://github.com/Rashmika998/BLOOM/commit/5be6a4ab143018984330ba8f9b4a0461eab5b4da)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 02:31:03 by Rashmika Silva

Update README.md

“BLOOM” is to help people to relieve their mental stress in a much congenial manner by making them engaged in several mind relaxing activities. Mental stress is a social phenomenon which all social groups and all age categories may experience. Hence the beneficiaries and the intended audience of this system will be people of any age category.
BLOOM is developed as a web application and it is supported in mobile platforms as well. This is for the use of the general public and 100% free for anyone to use. Also the users are privileged with sharing their own intentions about the application as feedbacks. All these information is maintained in a database which is located on a web server. Administration is granted permission to access this information for further analysis purposes.
The process is based upon the techniques of machine learning, deep learning and CNN. Initially the user’s emotions will be detected and the system offers the three main features listed below for the user to engage with.
 A virtual text based chat-bot to communicate with
 An emotion based music player which consists of calming music tracks
 Mind relaxing games
System initially recommends a feature for the user depending on the mood and user is free either to continue on the path initiated by the system or choose any feature of preference.

Virtual Chatbot
The chatbot will guide the user suggesting methods to relieve his/her stress by making them engage in several leisure activities. So, the user won’t have to spend time deciding what activity he/she should do.
The friendly text-based conversations with the chatbot can also help to relieve the stress of the user to a great extent.
This can be also seen as a virtual therapy session which will help the user to improve his/her interpersonal skills and eventually learn to open up more about the struggles he/she facing to his/her family members or to closest friends.

Emotion-Based Music Player
The music player will mainly contain of soothing music and ASMR tracks. Following benefits can be gained from listening to relaxing music:
 Stress and Anxiety Relief
 Reduces a person’s perception of pain
 Improves brain functioning
 Helps to sleep better at night
 Lower blood pressure
 Replenish body muscles and limbs
 
System will also assist the user to select a suitable game according to the preference.
The following benefits can be gained from playing anti-stress games:
 Reduce cognitive fatigue
 Reduce stress and anxiety
 Reduce frustration
 Release dopamine, the “happiness hormone”

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[fd8d3c94cb...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/fd8d3c94cb6f55d5d535773e78cbbf385615f71c)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 02:47:56 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-02-23: See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, MB, NB, NS, ON, SK).

- The number fully vaccinated (cvaccine) in NS has apparently declined by 1.
- Case ID 815878, a M 50-59 in Zone 3 (NB), was removed yesterday; case ID has been reallocated to Ontario case from today
- NS case info was populated with data from link from the previous date; corrected accordingly

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “13 new deaths, but the total of deaths amounts to 10,330 due to the withdrawal of 1 death not attributable to COVID-19: 1 death in the last 24 hours, 9 deaths between February 16 and February 21, 3 deaths before February 16.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [nicowilliams/heimdal](https://github.com/nicowilliams/heimdal)@[8d39061b32...](https://github.com/nicowilliams/heimdal/commit/8d39061b32356ba4a64866c6b0cbf0747df0fb62)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 03:52:48 by Nicolas Williams

asn1: X.681/682/683 magic handling of open types

Status:

 - And it works!

 - We have an extensive test based on decoding a rich EK certficate.

   This test exercises all of:

    - decoding
    - encoding with and without decoded open types
    - copying of decoded values with decoded open types
    - freeing of decoded values with decoded open types

   Valgrind finds no memory errors.

 - Added a manual page for the compiler.

 - rfc2459.asn1 now has all three primary PKIX types that we care about
   defined as in RFC5912, with IOS constraints and parameterization:

    - `Extension`       (embeds open type in an `OCTET STRING`)
    - `OtherName`       (embeds open type in an        `ANY`-like type)
    - `SingleAttribute` (embeds open type in an        `ANY`-like type)
    - `AttributeSet`    (embeds open type in a  `SET OF ANY`-like type)

   All of these use OIDs as the open type type ID field, but integer
   open type type ID fields are also supported (and needed, for
   Kerberos).

   That will cover every typed hole pattern in all our ASN.1 modules.

   With this we'll be able to automatically and recursively decode
   through all subject DN attributes even when the subject DN is a
   directoryName SAN, and subjectDirectoryAttributes, and all
   extensions, and all SANs, and all authorization-data elements, and
   PA-data, and...

   We're not really using `SingleAttribute` and `AttributeSet` yet
   because various changes are needed in `lib/hx509` for that.

 - `asn1_compile` builds and recognizes the subset of X.681/682/683 that
   we need for, and now use in, rfc2459.asn1.  It builds the necessary
   AST, generates the correct C types, and generates templating for
   object sets and open types!

 - See READMEs for details.

 - Codegen backend not tested; I won't make it implement automatic open
   type handling, but it should at least not crash by substituting
   `heim_any` for open types not embedded in `OCTET STRING`.

 - We're _really_ starting to have problems with the ITU-T ASN.1
   grammar and our version of it...

   Type names have to start with upper-case, value names with
   lower-case, but it's not enough to disambiguate.

   The fact the we've allowed value and type names to violate their
   respective start-with case rules is causing us trouble now that we're
   adding grammar from X.681/682/683, and we're going to have to undo
   that.

   In preparation for that I'm capitalizing the `heim_any` and
   `heim_any_set` types, and doing some additional cleanup, which
   requires changes to other parts of Heimdal (all in this same commit
   for now).

   Problems we have because of this:

    - We cannot IMPORT values into modules because we have no idea if a
      symbol being imported refers to a value or a type because the only
      clue we would have is the symbol's name, so we assume IMPORTed
      symbols are for types.

      This means we can't import OIDs, for example, which is super
      annoying.

      One thing we might be able to do here is mark imported symbols as
      being of an undetermined-but-not-undefined type, then coerce the
      symbol's type the first time it's used in a context where its type
      is inferred as type, value, object, object set, or class.  (Though
      since we don't generate C symbols for objects or classes, we won't
      be able to import them, especially since we need to know them at
      compile time and cannot defer their handling to link- or
      run-time.)

    - The `NULL` type name, and the `NULL` value name now cause two
      reduce/reduce conflicts via the `FieldSetting` production.

    - Various shift/reduce conflicts involving `NULL` values in
      non-top-level contexts (in constraints, for example).

 - Currently I have a bug where to disambiguate the grammar I have a
   CLASS_IDENTIFIER token that is all caps, while TYPE_IDENTIFIER must
   start with a capital but not be all caps, but this breaks Kerberos
   since all its types are all capitalized -- oof!

   To fix this I made it so class names have to be all caps and
   start with an underscore (ick).

TBD:

 - Check all the XXX comments and address them
 - Apply this treatment to Kerberos!  Automatic handling of authz-data
   sounds useful :)
 - Apply this treatment to PKCS#10 (CSRs) and other ASN.1 modules too.
 - Replace various bits of code in `lib/hx509/` with uses of this
   feature.
 - Add JER.
 - Enhance `hxtool` and `asn1_print`.

Getting there!

---
## [Zeronis/Deep-Space-Exploration-Initiative](https://github.com/Zeronis/Deep-Space-Exploration-Initiative)@[0b5d46bcae...](https://github.com/Zeronis/Deep-Space-Exploration-Initiative/commit/0b5d46bcaeb8dedc4773b36ce3dbb1bd9da9c380)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 07:33:32 by Jon

Continued Bay Ports

Continued to port in the different Baystation walls and windows. This commit log might be worth the read.
Ended up moving the material variable some objects had to the parent, structure. As a result all structures can now be made to be made of any material.
Ported in the Window, Grille and Low Wall (also known as wall frames) sprites, and got them working similarly to walls. There appears a tiny bit of jank when you go around constructing things, as I believe they originally designed the code to be respected on a HRP server, meaning that if you go around making a giant block of solid windows or low walls, the rendering kinda breaks. There's also a peculiar issue where placing a wall (in my build mode testing) did not force an update with Structures it connects to, leading to them looking unchanged despite they should connect. I believe this never came up in Bay probably because they rarely had massive ship destruction and people were much more toned down, and not really building a lot on a ship on the move. Its strange, but I'm going to look at it more after getting doors added, firelocks might also see a change with this. Right now my current fix just caused troubles, so I reverted it.
Added grayscale wood flooring to color it similarly to walls/windows/grilles and how those get their colors, enabling various wood colors for flooring as well! This also updated flooring to have a color variable and to utilize it, so we can add similar variable colored floors very easily in the future. Wood types also got a variant wood tile to go with it, but no way to craft them yet. Wood.dmi contains Bay's sprites fully, while Wood_vr contains my versions of the Virgo wood texture that I made grayscale and a bit brighter using GIMP, we are currently using wood_vr in the code right now. I'm no spriter so if anyone cares to provide a better version, hell yeah.
Cleaned up some commented out code that wasn't needed anymore.

---
## [BeLikeLeBron/bhconfig](https://github.com/BeLikeLeBron/bhconfig)@[d25b1a4eca...](https://github.com/BeLikeLeBron/bhconfig/commit/d25b1a4eca74a6bc2a31de297e7d0dba11ba2700)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 11:13:33 by BeLikeLeBron

LeBrons QoL changes(requires beta for Bh_settings)

LeBrons BH.cfg Compared to m81's latest config v2.5.9

-differentiated a bit more between filter level 1 and 2 on some items, mostly to add a gap for the first week or two after a ladder reset until endgame filter levels 2 and aggressive.
-added classic shopping section that's commented out (uncomment if playing classic)
-added classic stuff section that's commented out (uncomment if playing classic)

Gems:

-Flawless topaz and rubys notify if filtlvl 0
-Flawless topaz and rubys notify if filtlvl 1 with tier 6 only
-Flawless diamonds notify if filvlvl is 0 or 1 and char level is under 40 and tier=6
-chipped, flawed, and regular topaz's, rubys, saphires notify if filtlvl 0 and char lvl under 20
-flawed+ diamonds notify if filtlvl 0 and char lvl under 26
-chipped gems for repairing show up as a small gray dot on map if filtlvl is 0 or 1 and tier =4

Runes:

-rals and hels lines are tier 5
-spirit rune sets get small green dots with filtlvl 0 and 1 and tier 5
-insight runes get small pink dots with filtlvl 0 and 1 and tier 5
-orts for reparing get small gray dot if filtlvl 0 or 1 and tier 4
-Ko and fal get pinged if filtlvl 0 or 1 and tier 5
-Ko and fal get dots if filtlvl over 2 and tier 5
-Tir to fal get pinged if fitlvl 0 and tier 5
-tir to fal get pinged if filtlvl 1 and tier 6
-el and eld runes for upping/botd get pinged if filtlvl 0 or 1 and tier 6

Tier 6 (ladder reset stuff)
-demonhide and sharkskin belts ping on early levels

Shoppables colored (and get pinged if dropped early in leveling process with tier 6) all these are shoppable from acts 1 and 2 normal:
-+2-3 charged bolt staff
-fcr wands, staves, and scepters
-3os large and kite shields
-frw boots
-FHR belts, armors, and shields get orange names
-2 socket helms for lore/runes
-2 socket armors for stealth
-2 socket small shields
-3 socket armors 
-3 socket spetum 
-3 socket flails 
-2 socket staves with 3 warmth
-2 socket staves with + to enchant
-0 or 4 socket staff with enchant (memory)
-3 prayer white or 3 socket grand scepter (plague) -slash specific

Uniques:
Tier 5
-Hellmouth (war Gauntlets)
-Spellsteel (Bearded Axe)
-M'avina's Tenet (Belt)
-Natalya's Soul (Boots)
-Medusa's Gaze (Shield)
-Cleglaw's Pincers (Chain Gloves / Bracers)
-Maelstrom (Yew Wand) only if filter = 0
-made herb t3
-made token tier 3

Socketables:
Tier 3
-3 chant, 1+ FM orb capable of 3os (plague) -Slash Specific
-3 Energy shield ES orb capable of 3os (plague) -Slash Specific
- 0os ETH monarch ebuggable (spirit)
Tier 4
-changed map dots from gold to white dot with gold border for all Tier 4 socketables
Tier 5
-4os ETH monarch (spirit)
-3os dusk shrouds
-ping only top 10% 3os dusk shroud, wyrmhide, scarab husk, wire fleece, great hauberk. Previously it would ping all 0/3/4os
-ping only top 20% 3os Archon Plates. Previously it would ping all 0/3/4os
-6os phase blade (Gold find / Last wish / 6 ist)
-2 chant orb capable of 3os (plague) -Slash Specific
-1 chant 1 ES orb capable of 3os (plague) -Slash Specific
-1 energy shield ES orb capable of 3os (plague)
-3os Archon Plate any defense eth/non eth
-0os or 3os Archon Plate (top 20%)
-3os Archon Plate superior any ED
-inferior archon plates able to get 3os with cube recipe
Tier 6
-added cap of char level 60 to pings for 0os polearms that get 4 sockets from Larzuk and removed CV's (too high str req)
-3os masks (mask only helms for low str req) 
-3os helms (others for merc/ higher str req excluding spired helms and coronas)
-3os eth, reasonable req 1h sword/axe (cmoon) (Changed from tier 4 to tier 6)
-0/3os/4os Dusk shroud, wyrmhide, scarab husk, wire fleece, great hauberk (top 10%) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-0/3os/4os archon plates (top 20%) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-3os gothic and ancient armor with ED (enigma) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-0/6os eth archon staff (wolf botd) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-0/6os eth glorious axe (wolf botd) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-0/6os eth thunder maul (wolf botd) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-Eth Ettin Axe 0/5os with ED (death) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-4os phase blade (Passion) moved to tier 6 (previously tier 4)
-imbuable diadems moved to tier 6 (previously tier 5)

Magic items:
Tier 4
-Grand charms show blue border with gray dot
-Made jewels a seperate lines
-small charms show blue border with green dot and orange pixel
Tier 6
-eth magic circlets added
-Sharkskin and vampirefang belts for crafting added 
-large charms added ping only if filtlvl 0 or 1 with tier 6
-magic amulets show green dot if craft level = 90 or more
-magic amulets Ping if filter level 0, just map box if filter level 0 and 1 and tier 5
-magic amulets orange dot and ping for magic amulets ilvl 88+ for filter levels 0 and 1 and Tier 5
-magic amulets orange dot and map box but no ping magic amulets ilvl 88+ for filterl level 2 and tier 5

Rare items:
Tier 4
-rare amulets ping only if filter level 0 or 1. yellow border with black dot on map
-rare amulets filter level 2+ show map box but no ping tier 5. yellow border with black dot on map
Tier 5
-rare jewels ping only if filter level 0 or 1. yellow border with black dot on map
-rare jewels filter level 2+ show map box but no ping tier 5. yellow border with black dot on map
-rare boots ping only if filter level 0 or 1. yellow border with black dot on map
-rare boots filter level 2+ show map box but no ping tier 5. yellow border with black dot on map
-rare gloves ping only if filter level 0 or 1. yellow border with black dot on map
-rare gloves filter level 2+ show map box but no ping tier 5. yellow border with black dot on map
Tier 6
-added rare belts under 60str ping only if filter level 0 or 1. yellow border with black dot on map
-added rare belts under 60str filter level 2+ show map box but no ping tier 6. yellow border with black dot on map

Other:
-Show price of items if clvl is under 35 and filter level is 0
-Items worth good gold will have $ and prices in front
-Progressive potions display based on clvl to show low HP, Mana, stamina, antidote, thawing, and strangle potions on all filtlvls
-Progressive trailing gold prices when filtlvl under 2 for items. (e.g. 25k in norm, 35k in hell) Might be slightly off in normal as it's clvl based instead.
-added display weapon range and seep line (uncommented to use)
-added display ilvl line (uncomment to use)
-Rejuv and full rejuves changed to R1 and R2 respectively
-Hide gold piles under 100 if char level is over level 2.
-Hide gold piles under 1000 if char level is over 19.
-Default hide piles over 3000 if filter level is over 0.
-unhide greater mana and health potions if filter level over 0 (M4 and HP4)
-fixed description for greater and super mana and health potions
-added item description for  2os exceptional Spears or Polearms - Strength runeword

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[64479c8b2c...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/64479c8b2c749b03551d8e62ab028f2d31096b11)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 13:00:18 by Wilmer Adalid (Alienware)

Updates for: Your love life will be... interesting.

---
## [ammarhakim/gkyl](https://github.com/ammarhakim/gkyl)@[857b67974e...](https://github.com/ammarhakim/gkyl/commit/857b67974e0be08af97f6adb409c4588e296f7ad)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 13:29:12 by manauref

Last night's changes to the use of ProjectOnBasis had broken the discontGenPoisson-2d test. It's because, and I don't understand why, you can't use the ProjectOnBasis' :setFunc with function(t,xn) self.func(t,xn) end. One must simply pass :setFunc(self.func). A frustrating mystery.

---
## [WesleyAC/zulip](https://github.com/WesleyAC/zulip)@[e8c2b512f0...](https://github.com/WesleyAC/zulip/commit/e8c2b512f0275e33777f6c3b9c209e4953d790cc)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 13:35:03 by Wesley Aptekar-Cassels

composebox_typeahed: Increase max typeahead box size

On realms with large numbers of custom emoji, the typeahead emoji picker
often isn't useful. This is exacerbated by the fact the picker prefers
longer matches, so if there are five emoji that share a prefix, and an
emoji that is just the prefix, the only-prefix emoji will never show in
the typeahead emoji picker. This means that if someone thinks that there
is an emoji that shares a prefix with many other emoji, but they don't
remember for sure, they cannot use the typeahead emoji picker to check
that the emoji that they are entering exists.

There are two "real" fixes to this, neither of which this commit
addresses:

First, we should adjust the emoji ranking code such that exact string
matches for existing emojis are always shown in the picker. This would
be an improvement overall (the current behaviour is surprising and
frustrating), but it doesn't fundamentally solve the problem - if there
are many matching emoji, some of them will be pushed off the list.

Second, we should allow scrolling through the entire list of matching
entries in a typeahead, instead of only looping through the top N
matches. This will completely fix the problem (although there is some
UI/UX consideration in how to make it clear that the box is scrollable),
but seems like significantly more work to implement.

However, increasing the typeahead box size should improve the user
experience here independently of either of those changes.

I've chosen 8 as the max size for no particularly principled reason -
the fact that it's larger than 5 makes it more useful, but it's not so
large that it covers an obnoxious amount of the screen. Possibly it
would make sense to make it a bit bigger, but 8 seems like a good place
to start.

I've tested this on my laptop, which has a Intel i5-7200U CPU (~4.5 years
old, middle of the line when it was released) on a test instance with
5000 users, as well as on chat.zulip.org, and didn't see any noticeable
performance regression in completing @-mentions or emoji on either.

---
## [ForBlad/StarshipPFE](https://github.com/ForBlad/StarshipPFE)@[fda58b7b78...](https://github.com/ForBlad/StarshipPFE/commit/fda58b7b78f052a6195d055ff18d083814bb88bc)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 13:51:03 by Jules

Ze door model hazbin (hotel) reworked

I am very sorry. 
nah jk fuck you

---
## [WraithCruiser/Machine-Learning](https://github.com/WraithCruiser/Machine-Learning)@[eefd935262...](https://github.com/WraithCruiser/Machine-Learning/commit/eefd9352623e1cc4cdb6043884ea25a78f0642c2)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 14:23:53 by Wraith Cruiser

Create Enemy-stats

Enemy: Zombie
hp: 100
damage: 25
fuck you boy next door

---
## [beForged/smallScheme](https://github.com/beForged/smallScheme)@[99979879fc...](https://github.com/beForged/smallScheme/commit/99979879fc5b868a0193210029d3da33bfcd0fdf)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 14:28:35 by Richard Yu

compiles, but <<loop>>, need to reinstall non dynamic ghc i hate my life

---
## [zulip/zulip](https://github.com/zulip/zulip)@[d644562b40...](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/commit/d644562b409f7ef3a1b10668138a67370988883b)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 16:29:58 by Wesley Aptekar-Cassels

composebox_typeahead: Increase max typeahead box size.

On realms with large numbers of custom emoji, the typeahead emoji picker
often isn't useful. This is exacerbated by the fact the picker prefers
longer matches, so if there are five emoji that share a prefix, and an
emoji that is just the prefix, the only-prefix emoji will never show in
the typeahead emoji picker. This means that if someone thinks that there
is an emoji that shares a prefix with many other emoji, but they don't
remember for sure, they cannot use the typeahead emoji picker to check
that the emoji that they are entering exists.

There are two "real" fixes to this, neither of which this commit
addresses:

First, we should adjust the emoji ranking code such that exact string
matches for existing emojis are always shown in the picker. This would
be an improvement overall (the current behaviour is surprising and
frustrating), but it doesn't fundamentally solve the problem - if there
are many matching emoji, some of them will be pushed off the list.

Second, we should allow scrolling through the entire list of matching
entries in a typeahead, instead of only looping through the top N
matches. This will completely fix the problem (although there is some
UI/UX consideration in how to make it clear that the box is scrollable),
but seems like significantly more work to implement.

However, increasing the typeahead box size should improve the user
experience here independently of either of those changes.

I've chosen 8 as the max size for no particularly principled reason -
the fact that it's larger than 5 makes it more useful, but it's not so
large that it covers an obnoxious amount of the screen. Possibly it
would make sense to make it a bit bigger, but 8 seems like a good place
to start.

I've tested this on my laptop, which has a Intel i5-7200U CPU (~4.5 years
old, middle of the line when it was released) on a test instance with
5000 users, as well as on chat.zulip.org, and didn't see any noticeable
performance regression in completing @-mentions or emoji on either.

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[7e4b405693...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/7e4b405693c11b98e36158433b057b552370b72f)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 16:39:38 by wiz

mame: update to 0.229.

It’s been an eventful month, culminating in the release of MAME
0.229 today. One change that you’ll notice straight away is that
the “64” suffix is no longer added to the file name for 64-bit
versions of MAME. If you’re unsure, you can see the data model at
the end of the window title.

One very elusive Argentinian title has finally made it into MAME
this month. We’re very proud to present Ms PacMan Twin, an extensive
hack of Ms. Pac-Man with simultaneous two-player cooperative
gameplay. Another rarity you can now experience is Midway’s unreleased
Power Up Baseball – the NBA Jam of baseball. On the topic of
prototypes, Wayne Gretzky’s 3D Hockey Fatality Edition is now
supported.

Several TV games for preschool age children from JAKKS Pacific’s
Sharp Cookie line have been dumped and emulated, featuring popular
characters like Dora the Explorer, Scooby-Doo, Spider-Man and Thomas
the Tank Engine. Travelling back a little, Mattel’s representations
of Basketball, Hockey, Soccer, and Tag as electronic toys are now
supported. Elektronika Autoslalom has arrived from Russia (with
love). Another batch of JPM IMPACT fruit machines have been promoted
to working this month, making use of new artwork engine features
for their internal layouts.

Updates to the Win32 and Qt debuggers add a context menu to debugger
views with an option to copy visible text to the clipboard, improve
behaviour when views are scrolled to the bottom, and fix a crash
when right-clicking some memory views. We’re lucky enough to have
received another shader update from cgwg, improving the appearance
of the popular crt-geom and crt-geom-deluxe effects. We’ve added
support for the NEC/Renesas V850 family to unidasm.

That’s all we’ve got time for here, but there are lots of software
list updates, newly dumped bootlegs, bug fixes, and other enhancements.

---
## [Z4ph0d42/420-Station](https://github.com/Z4ph0d42/420-Station)@[c6cd28503e...](https://github.com/Z4ph0d42/420-Station/commit/c6cd28503efc66a7b38d77f31744a5ae154b452b)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 16:46:01 by James

Merge pull request #4 from StormAGeddonz/Pouches

FUCK GIT I HATE IT FUCK THIS PIECE OF SHIT

---
## [thejcannon/black](https://github.com/thejcannon/black)@[7403d95862...](https://github.com/thejcannon/black/commit/7403d95862ae54c3504a8003666e1a0739067894)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 19:22:03 by Richard Si

Refactor docs / Maintenance of docs (#1456)

* Split code style and components documentation

Splits 'the_black_code_style', 'pragmatism', 'blackd',and 'black_primer'
into their own files. The exception being 'the_black_code_style' and
'pragmatism'. They have been merged into one 'the_black_code_style_and_pragmatism'
file.

These changes are being made because the README is becoming very long. And
a README isn't great if it dissuades its reader because of its length.

* Update the doc generation logic and configuration

With the moving of several sections in the README and the renaming of a
few files, 'conf.py' needs to be able to support custom sections.

This commit introduces DocSection which can be used to specify custom
sections of documentation. The information stored in DocSection will be
used by the process_sections function to read, process, and write the section
to CURRENT_DIR.

A large change has been made to the how the docs are prepared to be built.
Instead of just generating the files needed by reading the README, this
has a full chain of operations so custom sections are supported. First,
it reads the README and spits out a list of DocSection objects representing
the sections to be generated by process_sections. This is done since most
of the docs still live in README. Then along with the defined custom_sections
, the process_sections will be begin to process the DocSection objects.
It reads the information it needs to generate the section. Then fetches
the section's contents, calls processors required by the section to process
the section's contents, and finally writes the section to CURRENT_DIR.

This large change is so processing of the documentation can be done just
for the versions hosted on ReadTheDocs.org. An example processor using this
feature is a 'replace_links' processor. It will replace documentation
links that point to the docs hosted on GitHub with links that point to the
version hosted on ReadTheDocs.org. (I won't be coding that ATM)

This also means that files will be overwritten or created once the docs
have been built. It is annoying, since you have to 'git reset --hard'
and 'git clean -f -d' after each build, but there's nothing better. The old
system had the same side effects, so yeah :(

* Update filenames and delete unnecessary files

Update the filenames since 'the_black_code_style' and 'pragmatism' were
merged and 'contributing' was deleted in favor of 'contributing_to_black'.

All symlinks were deleted since their home (_build/generated) is no longer
used.

* Fix broken links and a few redirections

* Merge master into refactor_docs (manually done)

* Add my and most of @hugovk suggestions

Co-Authored-By: Hugo van Kemenade <hugovk@users.noreply.github.com>

* Add logging and improve configurability

Just some cleaning up up of the DocSection dataclass and added logging
support so you know what's going on.

* Rename a section and please the grammar gods of Black

Thanks @hugovk for the suggestion!

* Fix Markdown comments

* Add myself as an author :P

Seems like the right time.

Co-authored-by: Hugo van Kemenade <hugovk@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [michaeljones/erm](https://github.com/michaeljones/erm)@[97b0dd4df1...](https://github.com/michaeljones/erm/commit/97b0dd4df1737e482bf47f34e4a9a5c09711a235)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 21:42:57 by Michael Jones

Add first attempt at a type checker

I'm quite confused by how I'm meant to go about this. My current
assumption is that we must decide on an expected type for the main
function and then try to 'unify' the terms for that expected type with
the terms for the body of the main function.

This is based partly on poking at the Elm compiler and seeing it
complain about needing Main to be of a particular type. I guess it can
be of anything really but it feels like we need to have something for it
in order to do the unification process. Or perhaps we could unify it
with a generic type and then see what the generic type ends up being.

We're not handling the case where the main function takes arguments. And
most of the tests currently fail.

In order to get some of the basic tests to pass we have to introduce a
'stringFromInt' function which we treat as a built in for the moment. As
it is dealing with primitive types it is always going to have to be in
the run time but we don't have a solid built-in function concept yet so
we've cobbled together something which seems adequate for the moment but
not that grand.

It also introduces an import cycle between env & evaluater that I don't
love but at least it compiles for the moment.

---
## [RacerTD/Wolke](https://github.com/RacerTD/Wolke)@[cbb958e361...](https://github.com/RacerTD/Wolke/commit/cbb958e361b1a51b3f7df81a17e7e4c6aa9aefb0)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 21:50:16 by Niiiiiiiiiiii

Is this a curse? Or some kind of punishment? I often think about the god who blessed us with this cryptic puzzle, and wonder if we'll ever get the chance to kill him.

---
## [johanot/vector](https://github.com/johanot/vector)@[b04f431011...](https://github.com/johanot/vector/commit/b04f4310116615dee6df12b7a42fdf626b2cec2f)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 21:59:22 by Jesse Szwedko

enhancement(aws_ec2_metadata transform): Add internal events (#4480)

* enhancement(aws_ec2_metadata transform): Add internal events

This adds a few internal events to the aws_ec2_metadata transform:

* AwsEc2MetadataEventProcessed: fired any time an event flows through
  the transform. Note that the event might not be annotated with any
  fields if the EC2 metadata refresh was never successful.
* AwsEc2MetadataRefreshComplete: fired whenever the EC2 metadata refresh
  executes. Note that this just means the refresh ran, but not that it
  was able to refresh any fields. More on this below.
* AwsEc2MetadataRequestFailed: Fired any time a EC2 metadata field fails
  to be fetched.

This also makes a couple of changes to the way errors are handled and
propagated within the metadata refresh. Previously it would swallow
requests that returned with a non-200 status code, but propagate any
other errors up (like network connection errors). It felt odd to me to
treat the HTTP status code errors differently, so I modified the
functions fetching the metadata to simply propagate up errors. I then
added wrapper functions that simply emit any errors and return an
Option<Bytes> containing the value that was requested. This feels more
consistant to me.

The refresh task part of this transform is a bit different in that it
can experience partial failures that we don't want to halt the fetching
and refresh of additional fields. For this reason, I added the
AwsEc2MetadataRequestFailed event that can be used to track individual
request failures, but there is no general refresh task failure. Instead,
I just have an AwsEc2MetadataRefreshComplete event that demarks that the
refresh task ran at all.

Signed-off-by: Jesse Szwedko <jesse@szwedko.me>

* Switch from individual request errors to refresh errors

This changes the `aws_ec2_metadata` metadata transform to be all or
nothing as opposed to allowing partial refreshes. This results in easier
to reason about metrics and errors (in my opinion) as it is a simple
pass / fail and we avoid ending up in possibly partially updated
information.

Refresh failures are still non-fatal; simply logging rather than failing
events flowing through the transform.

Signed-off-by: Jesse Szwedko <jesse@szwedko.me>

---
## [long-war-2/lwotc](https://github.com/long-war-2/lwotc)@[9dc02001c4...](https://github.com/long-war-2/lwotc/commit/9dc02001c4e54f2c8bbd748a7b4b97b755efc315)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 22:01:00 by GafrieGithub

Adding WOTC enemies to couple of lists they were missing from (#1249)

Added WOTC enemies to the list, which make them not drop corpses when killed by explosions. It is rather pointless for the Lost currently, but better to ass it just in case of future changes.

Added Purifiers and Priests to be eligible for Mutons' Warcry ability. Spectres are left out, because they are robotic (ability itself excludes robotic targets anyway). Credit to Anthogator for pointing out missing entries in Muton Warcry list a while back.

As a sidenote, I think doing both of these lists the way they are done is probably not particularly friendly to other enemy mods. Especially first one, since it is done in script. I wonder if it would be better to move to default behaviour with configurable exclusion lists, but I don't care much about other mods, so I will leave it as is.

---
## [CarloLj/software-product-sprint](https://github.com/CarloLj/software-product-sprint)@[3142bdec27...](https://github.com/CarloLj/software-product-sprint/commit/3142bdec2750b1d4536511e76d52bc2e6439f343)
#### Wednesday 2021-02-24 23:25:13 by Carlo Lujan

Finished Home and About Me. next step: change the lorem ipsum of about me and put on each of the images, add "photos of what I love" page, "contact page" and
links to my social media

---

# [<](2021-02-23.md) 2021-02-24 [>](2021-02-25.md)

