# [<](2021-11-04.md) 2021-11-05 [>](2021-11-06.md)

3,089,433 events, 1,693,414 push events, 2,533,527 commit messages, 197,062,580 characters


## [HanshenWang/project-isidore](https://github.com/HanshenWang/project-isidore)@[1d181e4ce4...](https://github.com/HanshenWang/project-isidore/commit/1d181e4ce4076ae57ef7df0845de860f97f99466)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 04:01:16 by Hanshen Wang

CI: Replace Roswell, fix the broken MacOS build.

Error message:

ProjectIsidore.ros is not acceptable for build. Traced the error to
https://github.com/roswell/roswell/blob/0107dfb54393aff1a776deb79d58f67f642135cb/lisp/build.ros
and tried troubleshooting by replacing ProjectIsidore.ros with the exemplar
program

 #!/bin/sh
 #|-*- mode:lisp -*-|#
 #|
 exec ros -Q -- $0 "$@"
 |#

 (defun fact (n)
   (if (zerop n)
       1
       (* n (fact (1- n)))))

 (defun main (n &rest argv)
   (declare (ignore argv))
   (format t "~&Factorial ~D = ~D~%" n (fact (parse-integer n))))

Linux and Windows built fine. No luck for MacOS. Also tried specifying SBCL
version 2.1.8 instead of latest SBCL binary. Nope. CI tests using Roswell work
fine so it's not a library issue.

No changes in my codebase (CD failed on doc change push) so I have to pin this
one on Roswell most likely. Getting real tired of its shit. Good choice to axe
it from my heroku buildpack. Replaced it with good ol' sbcl --load.

One ugly bit of the new build-macos.lisp is the hardcoded filenames. I do not
believe (uiop:getenv) works with Github Action Environment variables. It does
require a non standard way to access them, see https://github.blog/changelog/2020-10-01-github-actions-deprecating-set-env-and-add-path-commands/

Either way, real happy I don't have to deal with Roswell anymore. Still grateful
it exists for CI purposes, but I am getting annoyed at debugging it.

---
## [ACKREIK/tstands](https://github.com/ACKREIK/tstands)@[7e918c15f9...](https://github.com/ACKREIK/tstands/commit/7e918c15f9d794080de33f2d4bdf738d0cafd602)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 06:19:46 by Aries Sky

fixaa fuck i need to remake al this shit kill me fuck god damn it

---
## [xeuorux/Project-Chasm](https://github.com/xeuorux/Project-Chasm)@[2c41c66804...](https://github.com/xeuorux/Project-Chasm/commit/2c41c668047b0e58e07e2d68a3fa996f94d42e54)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 09:24:46 by 3rickbat

eevee reward for catdog fights

I used to rule the world
Chunks would load when I gave the word
Now every night I go stow away
Hide from the mobs I used to slay
They once were terrified
Every time I looked into their eyes
Villagers would cheer my way
For a hero I was, that's what they'd say
One minute we had it all
Next our world began to fall
Away from all that it had once become
They all cried for my help, but I stood there numb
I gaze off into the boundless skyline
Noteblock choirs playing in the sunshine
Turn 'round pick up my sword and wield
The blade that once forced evil mobs to yield
And hope one day that this chaos and
Destruction turns for the better
Never a bow in hand
That was when I ruled the land
It was the creepers and Skeletons
Blew down the doors and boxed us in
Arrows whizzing by like streaks of light
I tried all that I could to stay and fight
As the undead roamed the street
Families broken at my feet
Life itself suspended by a thread
Oh, why is it that I wasn't dead
I gaze off into the boundless skyline
Noteblock choirs playing in the sunshine
Turn 'round pick up my sword and wield
The blade that once forced evil mobs to yield
If this battle should leave me slain
I know Herobrine will call my name
Better to take a stand
That was when I ruled the land
I gaze off into the boundless skyline
Noteblock choirs playing in the sunshine
Turn 'round pick up my sword and wield
The blade that once forced evil mobs to yield
If this battle should leave me slain
I know Herobrine will call my name
Better to take a stand
That was when I ruled the land

---
## [Minititan3011/The-Game](https://github.com/Minititan3011/The-Game)@[4faad6cd60...](https://github.com/Minititan3011/The-Game/commit/4faad6cd605105f2ef69185ed6dd759469f7db08)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 10:14:20 by Joel Bourke

Calden is a cunt.

Calden is such a fucking cunt so I wanted to say fuck you to him.

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[9e3a541495...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/9e3a541495cdd8b7258dc700d03e6ed540eb9f87)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 11:48:07 by Wilmer Adalid

Updates for: Remember:  Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
		-- Dave Butler

---
## [infriend/MGTrain](https://github.com/infriend/MGTrain)@[d3a93128e8...](https://github.com/infriend/MGTrain/commit/d3a93128e86486ab0202c3eb75c850ccc4733d4e)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 12:20:17 by infriend

delete shiro, use session and interceptor instead, fuck you shiro. add auctioneer and login, common parts front-ends

---
## [Tiktodz/android_kernel_asus_sdm636](https://github.com/Tiktodz/android_kernel_asus_sdm636)@[e75ef38db4...](https://github.com/Tiktodz/android_kernel_asus_sdm636/commit/e75ef38db46ff1490421dfbb9109d0ab5948a0c9)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 13:43:57 by Petr Mladek

kthread: add kthread_create_worker*()

Kthread workers are currently created using the classic kthread API,
namely kthread_run().  kthread_worker_fn() is passed as the @threadfn
parameter.

This patch defines kthread_create_worker() and
kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() functions that hide implementation details.

They enforce using kthread_worker_fn() for the main thread.  But I doubt
that there are any plans to create any alternative.  In fact, I think that
we do not want any alternative main thread because it would be hard to
support consistency with the rest of the kthread worker API.

The naming and function of kthread_create_worker() is inspired by the
workqueues API like the rest of the kthread worker API.

The kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() variant is motivated by the original
kthread_create_on_cpu().  Note that we need to bind per-CPU kthread
workers already when they are created.  It makes the life easier.
kthread_bind() could not be used later for an already running worker.

This patch does _not_ convert existing kthread workers.  The kthread
worker API need more improvements first, e.g.  a function to destroy the
worker.

IMPORTANT:

kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() allows to use any format of the worker
name, in compare with kthread_create_on_cpu().  The good thing is that it
is more generic.  The bad thing is that most users will need to pass the
cpu number in two parameters, e.g.  kthread_create_worker_on_cpu(cpu,
"helper/%d", cpu).

To be honest, the main motivation was to avoid the need for an empty
va_list.  The only legal way was to create a helper function that would be
called with an empty list.  Other attempts caused compilation warnings or
even errors on different architectures.

There were also other alternatives, for example, using #define or
splitting __kthread_create_worker().  The used solution looked like the
least ugly.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/1470754545-17632-6-git-send-email-pmladek@suse.com
Signed-off-by: Petr Mladek <pmladek@suse.com>
Acked-by: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Ingo Molnar <mingo@redhat.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Steven Rostedt <rostedt@goodmis.org>
Cc: "Paul E. McKenney" <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Josh Triplett <josh@joshtriplett.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Jiri Kosina <jkosina@suse.cz>
Cc: Borislav Petkov <bp@suse.de>
Cc: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.cz>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: celtare21 <celtare21@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: YousefAlgadri <yusufgadrie@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Tiktodz <kuplemarkeple@gmail.com>

---
## [Metaloziz/Codewars](https://github.com/Metaloziz/Codewars)@[a379de478a...](https://github.com/Metaloziz/Codewars/commit/a379de478a47bbadbd1492c2e21f0cc34b575b37)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 14:17:55 by Andrew Gaityukevich

Create  Did_she_say_hallo?.js

You received a whatsup message from an unknown number. Could it be from that girl/boy with a foreign accent you met yesterday evening?

Write a simple function to check if the string contains the word hallo in different languages.

These are the languages of the possible people you met the night before:

hello - english
ciao - italian
salut - french
hallo - german
hola - spanish
ahoj - czech republic
czesc - polish
Notes

you can assume the input is a string.
to keep this a beginner exercise you don't need to check if the greeting is a subset of word (Hallowen can pass the test)
function should be case insensitive to pass the tests

---
## [vladimiroltean/tsn-scripts](https://github.com/vladimiroltean/tsn-scripts)@[bccad2d20e...](https://github.com/vladimiroltean/tsn-scripts/commit/bccad2d20ee473e0b82faf726bf6e278d821fbd5)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 14:36:39 by Vladimir Oltean

isochron: send: fix subtly invalid software TX timestamps

We calculate the time it takes to send a packet based on the delta
between the application wakeup time and the software TX timestamp, but
even with perfect sync and a ridiculously large cycle time, one can see
that isochron apparently thinks we've exceeded the alloted time,
although we didn't.

Sending one packet takes on average 90.229% of the cycle time (min 0.873% max 100.200%)
Waking up takes on average 0.152% of the cycle time (min 0.144% max 0.182%)

The Linux TX timestamping UAPI is garbage and my understanding of it
was even worse.

Documentation/networking/timestamping.rst says:

| Note that if the SO_TIMESTAMP or SO_TIMESTAMPNS option is enabled
| together with SO_TIMESTAMPING using SOF_TIMESTAMPING_SOFTWARE, a false
| software timestamp will be generated in the recvmsg() call and passed
| in ts[0] when a real software timestamp is missing. This happens also
| on hardware transmit timestamps.

which is basically what is happening here. We aren't seeing a software
timestamp filled in by the driver, but instead a fake one created by the
kernel to make us happy and shut up. Even though one can see that the
software TX timestamp is larger than the hardware TX timestamp, which is
absurd.

So if we want reliable SOF_TIMESTAMPING_OPT_TX_SWHW behavior (both
software and hardware timestamps for the same skb), we should drop
support for retrieving software timestamps through SO_TIMESTAMPNS and go
all the way with SO_TIMESTAMPING.

Except that SO_TIMESTAMPING has other crap of its own:

| SOF_TIMESTAMPING_OPT_TX_SWHW:
|   Request both hardware and software timestamps for outgoing packets
|   when SOF_TIMESTAMPING_TX_HARDWARE and SOF_TIMESTAMPING_TX_SOFTWARE
|   are enabled at the same time. If both timestamps are generated,
|   two separate messages will be looped to the socket's error queue,
|   each containing just one timestamp.

And we aren't yet prepared to deal with multiple sk_receive() calls for
the same packet, to retrieve multiple TX timestamps of it. Although this
is what this patch does.

Because the TX timestamps can arrive in any order (the TX timestamps of
the same packet, and also TX timestamps of different packets, because we
don't block during the hot path waiting for a TX timestamp), we also
employ this other feature:

| SOF_TIMESTAMPING_OPT_ID:
|   Generate a unique identifier along with each packet. A process can
|   have multiple concurrent timestamping requests outstanding. Packets
|   can be reordered in the transmit path, for instance in the packet
|   scheduler. In that case timestamps will be queued onto the error
|   queue out of order from the original send() calls. It is not always
|   possible to uniquely match timestamps to the original send() calls
|   based on timestamp order or payload inspection alone, then.
|
|   This option associates each packet at send() with a unique
|   identifier and returns that along with the timestamp. The identifier
|   is derived from a per-socket u32 counter (that wraps). For datagram
|   sockets, the counter increments with each sent packet. For stream
|   sockets, it increments with every byte.

So we need to change the way in which we log data in the sender.
Because the kernel will deliver us control messages containing only one
timestamp at a time (either software or hardware), we need to live-patch
log buffer entries instead of logging a packet once and being done with it.
We then count packets as fully timestamped when both the software and
the hardware TX timestamp has been provided, and stop waiting when all
packets have been fully timestamped.

Signed-off-by: Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[db657411b4...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/db657411b45fcf5ee318490bc031d01cef82756e)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 16:35:36 by Marko Grdinić

"10:05am. I went to bed at 3am! I did not mean to play Library of Ruina for that long. For a card collecting game, I can't believe how good it is. Its writing, art, world building and music are top notch. It is amazing. Surprsingly, it has strong horror elements too.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-b6Nq3Ku2Yg&list=PLIwcscxZIOxQbYGKFyZ166yobDECNA2nT&index=52
Abnormality Second Warning (LOR ver.)

Just check out the OST. You can often tell how good the game will be by its soundtrack.

At any rate, while I was in bed the pen tablet arrived. I have the package right here and just need to unwrap it. Let me get the scissors.

10:10am. I'll give Blender a break from here on out so I can learn how to 2d draw. With the tablet I'll be able to start by learning how to sketch. I'll sketch my 3d models, sketch the things in the wild and that will lead to my skills developing.

10:30am. I unboxed it, but it does not seem like Windows found the specific drivers on its own.

Let me restart.

10:40am. Set up the pressure in the drivers. Got the glove. Now I can finally start drawing. I need some time to get used to it. I keep thinking it is a mouse. Let me try signing my own name in Clip Studio Paint.

11am. Trying out my handwriting for the first time in a while is making me realize that I probably botched learning how to write properly. My cursive is way too inefficient. And it feels my letter are all over the place.

But I do have a sense for it. It is definitely easier to use than a mouse.

What do I do now?

I guess I can go through drawing tutorials. Let me check out Mikey.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCOvvFK_EhrX9exQ-jkLPg8w
mikeymegamega

I am not really confident to try sketch out things in the wild yet, so let me find something light so I can start practicing.

11:05am. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gl_OIhX78QA&list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ
HOW TO DRAW - The Very First Thing.

I guess I'll start here.

11:15am. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBVyYeuT_pyqBK1EmbnmRh4HXDuvtWBu4
Drawing Tutorials for Anime Manga ►►►

These are on specific subjects. I'll leave it for later.

11:25am. https://youtu.be/gMjpAYASbC8?list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ&t=132

Ah, so this is how he does the horizontal stroke. I was having trouble with it. It seems I have a lot to learn about write positioning.

11:30am. https://youtu.be/gMjpAYASbC8?list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ&t=162

Though it is easier than with a mouse, I admit I have trouble getting the strokes to be straight.

https://youtu.be/gMjpAYASbC8?list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ&t=408

His shapes are very neat, unlike my own. I guess I know what I need to work on now if I want to get good at drawing.

11:50am. Ok, I've figured out the trick to drawing straight lines. The reason why my own were imprecise is because I kept trying to adjust them mid flight. Instead to get them straight, I need to either rotate the elbow or the shoulder while keeping the rest of the joints fixed. You'd think that rotating the shoulder or the elbow would result in a curve, but the overall angle is so small that it ends up being straight.

I guess the reason why I put so much motion into my wrist is because hat is how the mouse is used. But the pen is different. I need to train myself for certain kinds of things.

What about the circle?

Let me put one down using the tool and then I'll try to immitate it.

12pm. Nevermind the curves. I am not actually sure how to put down a circle in CSP. I do not see a tool for it anywhere.

12:10pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5_WogFt14Q&list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ&index=3
HOW TO DRAW - Shading Light & Shadow

Let me leave this for later. Let me take a break here.

12:55pm. Let me do the chores and then it is back to drawing.

1:35pm. Done with the first round of chores. Let me resume. I am going to get good at drawing even if it kills me. Actually, before I resume drawing, let me watch a bit on lenses.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AXwPrkWuMo
Lenses. How to use them properly in Blender EP34

I meant to study this in like forever. Actually, I should try out the pen in Blender.

1:45pm. Wow, this is amazing. The pen feels really nice in sculpt mode. Right now I am unsure of how pressure works exactly.

Ah, it says right there in the pen settings. I can measure it without much trouble.

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/186980/how-do-you-pan-zoom-rotate-the-viewport-while-drawing-with-the-grease-pencil-too

1:55pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L2Jgyek33rQ
How to Set Up a Graphics Tablet | Blender 2.8 & 2.79

Let me watch this instead. I am having some trouble navigating with the pen. I keep having urges that I am moving too far. Sometimes I would move the mouse to the side, lift my hand to pull the hand back and then retrace. This makes sense with the mouse, but not with the pen.

I need some time to get used to it.

https://youtu.be/L2Jgyek33rQ?t=107

Oh this is a good idea.

2:15pm. Getting used to signing my name on a ball of clay. Hmmm...how did I activate the rotate switch? It seems I did something last time to toggle rotating instead of moving with the middle button.

Ah, wait I get it. The way it moves around looks like rotation from the top. Nevermind.

2:25pm. Wonderful. I understand how pen pressure relates to strength. It is not a pure thing - the brush setting is considered in addition to the pen pressure.

Let me finally watch the lens vid.

https://youtu.be/_AXwPrkWuMo?t=224

This is pretty interesting. I am going to use this for certain scenes to exagerate pushing of chips in the pot.

3:10pm. That was boring, and his crappy jokes do not make it better.

Let me watch the drawing tutorials. Right now I am on the verge of falling asleep.

https://youtu.be/r5_WogFt14Q?list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ&t=172

I can't help but admire how precise his strokes are. This is what I am missing amongst others.

3:25pm. https://youtu.be/r5_WogFt14Q?list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ&t=524

Watching this guy draw is making me understand that I really need to get the basic shapes down. Right now my lines are too imprecise, so it is no wonder it just leads to an accumulation of errors everwhere. I need to learn basic drawing technique before I can sketch models.

Drawing a circle like he does is way beyond my current ability.

3:40pm. https://youtu.be/MNhYFoLD8xk?list=PLBVyYeuT_pyrRCFvpJja0y5g3yv8xFdrJ&t=402

Nevermind this thing.

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S

Here are The Drawing Database basics.

https://youtu.be/CqeuQF1qpvQ
How to Draw Anything! The Basics Part 1 Shapes: Narrated Step by Step

I do need some advice for how to get started with basic shapes. Forget something like drawing a hand. Trying the intermediate steps of imagining it in terms of cylinders and cubes would bring me a long way. I should train myself to think in such a manner first. Then after I've finished robotifying everything, then I can focus on more natural curves.

https://youtu.be/CqeuQF1qpvQ?t=156

This guy is damn good.

3:50pm. https://youtu.be/CqeuQF1qpvQ?t=538

This should be interesting.

Yeah, I should start off with boxes. Curves are actually hard to do, and it is easy to lose sight of things.

https://youtu.be/CqeuQF1qpvQ?t=869

He says to use the flex of the wrist and the arm to get more fluid lines.

4:10pm. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDcVY7tIUDzsNR5AjIzqyiN2P85TKAWvb
How to Draw: basic techniques

Here is a playlist by Paul Priestley. It has a bunch on drawing basic things.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LIWfsEnP5h0
Why you're Sketching WRONG and how to FIX IT!

So far, I've run into a few vids stressing basic shapes. So I guess that is what I am missing. I'll make drawing my hand my goal again. This time I'll get rid of my ego and start with boxes. For circles and cylinders, those are just subdivided basic shapes. I won't stress too much about curves.

Let me watch the above video.

4:30pm. Hmmm, adding some 3d data via boxes really make a huge difference in my comprehension. What I have no is a very badly proportioned hand, but it actually leans in that direction for my brain. Whereas when I was trying to trace out the outline in my mind I had nothing. This could be viable.

4:35pm. Yeah, I can get better like this, the videos were right.

4:40pm. Let me try out the Illustrator.

5:10pm. It works nicely.

5:15pm. Mhhh, damn it.

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLMXbAPr21di-Ox-dmDwL2riWedei1dn9S
The Basics

Let me leave the drawing database playlist for tomorrow. Right now I am too tired to do anything more.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OezMavBqWXc&list=PLDcVY7tIUDzsNR5AjIzqyiN2P85TKAWvb
How to Draw

The same goes for this.

...I am starting to forget how to sign my own name. For a while there I was in the zone, but now that I am focusing on the motion I am actually losing track of them.

5:20pm. Tomorrow, I will start going through these videos and familiarize myself with Clip Studio. After that I will start mixing up drawing and sculpting. I'll sculpt a little and the draw my own sculpts.

Little by little, I will converge to my ideals of beauty.

5:20pm. Now usually, I'd go on for longer, but I messed up yesterday and went to bed way too late. Today I will definitely go earlier simply because I won't have the energy to do anything more. It is a miracle I hadn't woken up at 12pm today.

5:30pm. If I can get good enough to deal with the human body and sketch out arbitrary things I will be ready to move on to musical composition. After that some actual work on Heaven's Key itself.

In 2022 while I won't quite enter the self improvement loop, I will make sure that I have all the skills to attain financial independence without having to resort to working for others. If I can make my work both fun and beautiful I will have the winning combination. As I am now, I can only follow other people's orders in order to make money. I am going to break this state of affairs, AI or no AI."

---
## [ThPacifist/Embodiment](https://github.com/ThPacifist/Embodiment)@[aa5600a7c2...](https://github.com/ThPacifist/Embodiment/commit/aa5600a7c28e3b44e44f3ebebdb3cb8d643b8cd6)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 22:10:29 by TheRedSpy43

God hates me

When we sincerely repent, the Lord promises that He will forgive us and remember our sins no more (D&C 58:42). Though repentance can be difficult and painful, the rewards of a clear conscience and spiritual healing are more than worth it. As we frequently repent, the Lord will help us become the men and women that He knows we can be.

---
## [Bestar7/GameJamPokemon](https://github.com/Bestar7/GameJamPokemon)@[86b0dc707d...](https://github.com/Bestar7/GameJamPokemon/commit/86b0dc707d8baab1571b6092f37fbe5874be51ce)
#### Friday 2021-11-05 22:37:26 by Bestar7

Merge pull request #32 from Bestar7/JoFix

fix z is for zJUMP, but up arrow is fuck you :(

---

# [<](2021-11-04.md) 2021-11-05 [>](2021-11-06.md)

