# [<](2021-05-22.md) 2021-05-23 [>](2021-05-24.md)

2,077,151 events, 1,183,491 push events, 1,720,290 commit messages, 93,493,597 characters


## [karmakut-lab/liberation](https://github.com/karmakut-lab/liberation)@[1fabdf2082...](https://github.com/karmakut-lab/liberation/commit/1fabdf20825489bfb800c45a8ba3451cd70e2944)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 00:03:38 by lima12

update Zeus permission!

according to IDS channel! if you dont see your name here then fuck you!

---
## [hexops/devlog](https://github.com/hexops/devlog)@[871148e707...](https://github.com/hexops/devlog/commit/871148e707e215247c213940b26bda6000f25db4)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 04:38:34 by Stephen Gutekanst

remove some paragraphs that I think may contribute to PL tribalism

Over the past several months, I've felt like PL tribalism has in some instances
gotten worse. I've felt like writing about this and the ongoing "language wars" (not
just between Rust and Zig, but also Go, C/C++, Java, Dart, and more.) but I think that
may well just stoke the fire.

I'm afraid I've already in some instances contributed to this between the Zig
and Rust communities:

* Through some statements in my articles, which I've removed here, often meant as more
  poking-fun-at type statements based on ways I've seen myself and close friends struggle
  with using Rust.
* By using titles that focus on Zig as a language, instead of the actual content I am
  writing about:
  * "Zig, parser combinators, and why they're awesome"
  * "Increasing my contribution to Zig to $200 a month" (which I later renamed to "My game development journey & why I'm increasing my contribution to Zig to $200/mo")

I've thought a lot about this and I'd rather have people find my work interesting and
find Zig as a footnote, than find my work interesting on grounds of contributing to the
ever-going "Rust vs. [Go,Zig,etc]" debate that pervades /r/programming and Hacker News.

It's cool software and users that matter, choice of technology is just an implementation
detail and always has been.

I will also be adjusting my personal verbage used elsewhere (on Twitter, in comments, etc.)
to be less anti-Rust: I don't think that helps any developers in the real world make actual
decisions about which languages to use, and just contributes to more flameware-esque
threads.

On multiple occassions in the past, I have withheld more ranting thoughts about my experience
using Rust which I believe highlight real issues in the community (namely around package
management and ecosystem development), for exactly the same reason: even if the article is
reasonably constructive and conveyed as a personal experience, the situation as a whole is not
and it only feeds tribalism. This commitment is me trying to double down on this, push myself
further away from PL tribalism, and hopefully further myself as a technical writer.

Signed-off-by: Stephen Gutekanst <stephen@hexops.com>

---
## [amanrajOO7/packages_overlays_Shishufied](https://github.com/amanrajOO7/packages_overlays_Shishufied)@[d3d9315ca1...](https://github.com/amanrajOO7/packages_overlays_Shishufied/commit/d3d9315ca1ddfab765ede65728f3a65c8bc00ad7)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 06:07:03 by Kshitij Gupta

shishu: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Arghya Chanda <arghyac35@gmail.com>

notch-city: Refactor package name

Signed-off-by: ShubhamB <shubhamprince111@gmail.com>
Change-Id: Ieb8b35a3062c9334e82153a1dd26df3853db4f1f

---
## [sabarop/android_kernel_sony_msm8994](https://github.com/sabarop/android_kernel_sony_msm8994)@[7b01131758...](https://github.com/sabarop/android_kernel_sony_msm8994/commit/7b01131758ea91b10a5fd49942ed3a15f0647382)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 06:16:43 by Signed-off-by: zachariasmaladroit

swap: add a simple detector for inappropriate swapin readahead

+ fix for 'mm: swap: don't delay swap free for fast swap devices' that
it actually works.

The placement of is_swap_fast in swap_state was incorrect and would lead
to the feature NOT working at all.

/porting notes

This is a patch to improve swap readahead algorithm.  It's from Hugh and
I slightly changed it.

Hugh's original changelog:

swapin readahead does a blind readahead, whether or not the swapin is
sequential.  This may be ok on harddisk, because large reads have
relatively small costs, and if the readahead pages are unneeded they can
be reclaimed easily - though, what if their allocation forced reclaim of
useful pages? But on SSD devices large reads are more expensive than
small ones: if the readahead pages are unneeded, reading them in caused
significant overhead.

This patch adds very simplistic random read detection.  Stealing the
PageReadahead technique from Konstantin Khlebnikov's patch, avoiding the
vma/anon_vma sophistications of Shaohua Li's patch, swapin_nr_pages()
simply looks at readahead's current success rate, and narrows or widens
its readahead window accordingly.  There is little science to its
heuristic: it's about as stupid as can be whilst remaining effective.

The table below shows elapsed times (in centiseconds) when running a
single repetitive swapping load across a 1000MB mapping in 900MB ram
with 1GB swap (the harddisk tests had taken painfully too long when I
used mem=500M, but SSD shows similar results for that).

Vanilla is the 3.6-rc7 kernel on which I started; Shaohua denotes his
Sep 3 patch in mmotm and linux-next; HughOld denotes my Oct 1 patch
which Shaohua showed to be defective; HughNew this Nov 14 patch, with
page_cluster as usual at default of 3 (8-page reads); HughPC4 this same
patch with page_cluster 4 (16-page reads); HughPC0 with page_cluster 0
(1-page reads: no readahead).

HDD for swapping to harddisk, SSD for swapping to VertexII SSD.  Seq for
sequential access to the mapping, cycling five times around; Rand for
the same number of random touches.  Anon for a MAP_PRIVATE anon mapping;
Shmem for a MAP_SHARED anon mapping, equivalent to tmpfs.

One weakness of Shaohua's vma/anon_vma approach was that it did not
optimize Shmem: seen below.  Konstantin's approach was perhaps mistuned,
50% slower on Seq: did not compete and is not shown below.

HDD        Vanilla Shaohua HughOld HughNew HughPC4 HughPC0
Seq Anon     73921   76210   75611   76904   78191  121542
Seq Shmem    73601   73176   73855   72947   74543  118322
Rand Anon   895392  831243  871569  845197  846496  841680
Rand Shmem 1058375 1053486  827935  764955  764376  756489

SSD        Vanilla Shaohua HughOld HughNew HughPC4 HughPC0
Seq Anon     24634   24198   24673   25107   21614   70018
Seq Shmem    24959   24932   25052   25703   22030   69678
Rand Anon    43014   26146   28075   25989   26935   25901
Rand Shmem   45349   45215   28249   24268   24138   24332

These tests are, of course, two extremes of a very simple case: under
heavier mixed loads I've not yet observed any consistent improvement or
degradation, and wider testing would be welcome.

Shaohua Li:

Test shows Vanilla is slightly better in sequential workload than Hugh's
patch.  I observed with Hugh's patch sometimes the readahead size is
shrinked too fast (from 8 to 1 immediately) in sequential workload if
there is no hit.  And in such case, continuing doing readahead is good
actually.

I don't prepare a sophisticated algorithm for the sequential workload
because so far we can't guarantee sequential accessed pages are swap out
sequentially.  So I slightly change Hugh's heuristic - don't shrink
readahead size too fast.

Here is my test result (unit second, 3 runs average):
	Vanilla		Hugh		New
Seq	356		370		360
Random	4525		2447		2444

Attached graph is the swapin/swapout throughput I collected with 'vmstat
2'.  The first part is running a random workload (till around 1200 of
the x-axis) and the second part is running a sequential workload.
swapin and swapout throughput are almost identical in steady state in
both workloads.  These are expected behavior.  while in Vanilla, swapin
is much bigger than swapout especially in random workload (because wrong
readahead).

Original patches by: Shaohua Li and Konstantin Khlebnikov.

[fengguang.wu@intel.com: swapin_nr_pages() can be static]
Signed-off-by: Hugh Dickins <hughd@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Shaohua Li <shli@fusionio.com>
Signed-off-by: Fengguang Wu <fengguang.wu@intel.com>
Cc: Rik van Riel <riel@redhat.com>
Cc: Wu Fengguang <fengguang.wu@intel.com>
Cc: Minchan Kim <minchan@kernel.org>
Cc: Konstantin Khlebnikov <khlebnikov@openvz.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

Conflicts:
	mm/swap_state.c

mm: swap: fix swapcache usage for fast swap devices

1) The swap readahead algorithm need not be applied for fast swap
devices like zram.
2) Code to set SWP_FAST is placed incorrectly, resulting in the flag
not being set.
Fix these to reduce the swapcache usage.

Change-Id: I23d9af5819f4b25f90f14a12657fa19ed401fb2a
Signed-off-by: Vinayak Menon <vinmenon@codeaurora.org>

Signed-off-by: zachariasmaladroit <zacharias.maladroit@gmail.com>

---
## [rwxrob/log](https://github.com/rwxrob/log)@[d41b58c1a0...](https://github.com/rwxrob/log/commit/d41b58c1a002e28bcdc89048507436fd710753b6)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 08:46:40 by rwxrob

I really fucking hate Cobra completion. One of the fucking STUPIDEST

---
## [Klozz/android_kernel_xiaomi_vayu](https://github.com/Klozz/android_kernel_xiaomi_vayu)@[7a3b6d17d3...](https://github.com/Klozz/android_kernel_xiaomi_vayu/commit/7a3b6d17d369fd32bd8dab49ffe5ec13fd19e9a7)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 09:43:49 by klozz (TeamMEX)

Readme: add some features and credits

Don't be an annoying person, enjoy everyone's work and stop sucking

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[b4af28cc87...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/b4af28cc875db6f0b4044739f1ad7ef354f02c5e)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 10:39:47 by Marko Grdinić

"10:10am. I finished Doom Eternal again, but it was not satisfying even if it was fun. Compared to the way the DraQu and Zero Master play my own is just so clumsy. I can't immitate them. Their accuracy and awareness is on a higher level than mine, and their control is better. I think the later is because they are not using the two button mouse with a wheel like I am, but have something better. If I had something that allow me to use my right hand better, I could increase my efficiency. For example, being able to use the right thumb to change weapons would mean I do not have to take my left hand off the movement keys to do so. They way they swap between sniper and the balista indicates that they are doing something different from me.

10:15am. At any rate I am done with Doom again. Let me chill a bit and then I will start.

10:55am. Done with the break. Let me do some programming.

```
a = torch.rand(4,5)
ix = torch.tensor([0]).unsqueeze(-1)
print(a,torch.gather(a,1,ix))
print(ix.squeeze(-1).shape)
```

The way I was using squeeze without the dimension being given is wrong. 0 dimensional tensors are a thing and I do not want to get them by accident.

```
inl policy : a u64 f32 = $"torch.gather(!policy_probs_detached,1,!sample_indices.unsqueeze(-1)).squeeze(-1).numpy()"
```

This should do it.

```
    inl policy_raw_values' : obj = $"!policy.forward(!data_value[:,!policy_size])"
    inl policy_raw_values : obj = $"torch.full_like(!policy_raw_values',float('-inf'))"
    $"!policy_raw_values.flatten()[!action_indices] = !policy_raw_values'.flatten()[!action_indices]"
```

Oh, this is not good. Usually flatten will return a view, but since I am flattening a view, there is a high chance this will result in a copy.

Instead of setting it like this, I need to use a scatter.

https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/tensors.html#torch.Tensor.scatter_

```py
a = torch.zeros(4,5)
b = torch.ones(4,5)
ix = torch.tensor([[1,2],[2,3]])
a.scatter_(1,ix,b)
print(a)
```

This works great. This will make things a lot more efficient.

```
rm.add action_indices (am.map schema.actions.pickle actions)
```

Why is there a type error here?

```
    inl action_indices : ra u64 (a _ _) = am.empty
    l |> am.iteri fun b (player_state, (leduc_state (p1,p2,community_card)), pid, actions) =>
        inl seq = pl2_observations player_state pid |> obs_to_array
        inl pot = if pid = p1.id then p1.pot else p2.pot
        schema.value.pickle (leduc_policy_input {pid= $"!pid"; pot= $"!pot"; seq},if pid = p1.id then p2.card else p1.card) (0, $"!data_value[!b,:]")
        rm.add action_indices (am.map schema.actions.pickle actions)
```

Because of that type annotation. This passes, but it is not right. In order to convert these lists into a tensor the dimensions have to be matching.

What a bother. If I wanted to fix this, I would not even need the scatter I could just do a mask.

11:20am. I am going to need to do the same thing for the reward on the backward pass. Then it is settled, let me do a mask.

```
    inl data_value : obj = $"torch.zeros(!len,!value_size)"
    l |> am.iteri fun b (player_state, (leduc_state (p1,p2,community_card)), pid, actions) =>
        inl seq = pl2_observations player_state pid |> obs_to_array
        inl pot = if pid = p1.id then p1.pot else p2.pot
        schema.value.pickle (leduc_policy_input {pid= $"!pid"; pot= $"!pot"; seq},if pid = p1.id then p2.card else p1.card) (0, $"!data_value[!b,:]")
    inl action_indices : a u64 (a u64 _) = l |> am.generic.map fun (_,_,_,actions) => am.map schema.actions.pickle actions
    inl policy_mask : obj = $"torch.full((!len,!actions_size),float('-inf'))"
    am.iteri (fun b => am.iter (fun a => $"!policy_mask[!b,!a] = 0")) action_indices
    inl policy_raw_values : obj = $"!policy_mask + !policy.forward(!data_value[:,!policy_size])"
    inl policy_probs : obj = $"torch.softmax(!policy_raw_values,dim=-1)"
```

Yeah, this is good.

https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/tensors.html#torch.Tensor.cpu

It does not do a copy if the tensor is already on the cpu. Ok.

12:30pm. Let me stop here since I've already started lurking the isekai thread on the side.

```
    inl sample_indices : a u64 _ = $"torch.distributions.Categorical(!e + (1.0 - !epsilon) * !policy_probs_detached).sample().numpy()"
    inl policy : a u64 f32 = $"torch.gather(!policy_probs_detached,1,!sample_indices.unsqueeze(-1)).squeeze(-1).numpy()"
    inl l : a _ _ =
        am.map2 (fun policy a =>
            inl policy = f64 policy
            inl sample : f64 = e + (1.0 - epsilon) * policy
            log_prob_from {policy sample}, schema.actions.unpickle a
            ) policy sample_indices
    l, fun (r : a u64 r2) =>
        inl value_raw : obj = $"!value.forward(!data_value)"
        // inl value : a u64 f32 =
        r
```

It is a huge pain in the ass for me to decide how I want to do the CFR update here.

Gather and scatter have reduce operations. But to make use of that, can I do something like zipping a tensor to be operated upon first?

I need to combine those `r`s with the policy probability.

How annoying. Let me stop here. I'll figure this out eventually."

---
## [MrIndeciso/tcas](https://github.com/MrIndeciso/tcas)@[c730e115d4...](https://github.com/MrIndeciso/tcas/commit/c730e115d40a3c0890a9635497a824d2b3746ac9)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 10:55:22 by Roberto Bertolini

It now can evaluate sin(x)/x at x=0

Yeah apparently if you code it all the results it will magically work

---
## [30005209/SummerProject](https://github.com/30005209/SummerProject)@[143d1e944a...](https://github.com/30005209/SummerProject/commit/143d1e944a402788110513d09475f27050d3d32f)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 13:22:29 by scrab333

added a first sound track

Unity is being an ass again with the version and i don't want fuck up anything in the code so i started doing the music/sounds. I've added the first track that i did on 1BIT DRAGON software, let me know what do you guys think and if it's any good. i wouldn't use it in like a dungeon, but i think it would feel well when in town with 0 insanity or in like a main menu screen

---
## [dcunited001/dotfiles_notes](https://github.com/dcunited001/dotfiles_notes)@[3910cf6e12...](https://github.com/dcunited001/dotfiles_notes/commit/3910cf6e12cd8a017787e7f6107aa36ef819f3c5)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 13:32:40 by David Conner

ok wow this is quite frustrating

* alsa/pipewire break again (...why? i donno)

* i just miraculously remembered that one is not forced to use pamac

* other arch package manager GUI's exist

* i've used them before but holy shit "one does not simply peel the
labels off of soda bottles" if that makes sense

* "one does not simply shave a yak with no name"

* pipewire still doesn't give me audio

* OH_AND_I_DOWNGRADED_TO_ORGMODE_IN_VIM_BECAUSE ... does it even matter lol...

---
## [dcunited001/dotfiles_notes](https://github.com/dcunited001/dotfiles_notes)@[5ff35dd1c1...](https://github.com/dcunited001/dotfiles_notes/commit/5ff35dd1c16abce44adda8eba896f8aa73d6d17e)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 13:43:33 by David Conner

yeh... hopefully less emo rants in future commits

* about "social isolation" and "unknown unkonwns" and other shit no one
  cares about.

* if a tree falls on an island in the middle of the pacific doldrums ...
  how long does it take for anyone to notice

* https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/07/fisherman-lost-at-sea-436-days-book-extract

* oh hey, look ^^^ it's a long read about my 11 year drift in the pacific
  doldrums where i drank my own urine and typed commands one by one to
  list service dependencies and alsa/pipewire dep. conflicts one by one
  because i talk to no one about technology... ever......

* only to realize i'm living a really fucked up M. Night Shyamalan
  recurring nightmare where none of my problems needed to exist at all

---
## [fulpstation/fulpstation](https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation)@[4c789b99a1...](https://github.com/fulpstation/fulpstation/commit/4c789b99a11342f66291c3f222eea50c731ab6a6)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 15:59:35 by John Willard

deletes cryopods (#164)

* fuck you >deletes your cryopod

* Automatic changelog compile [ci skip]

* Update cryopod.dm

Co-authored-by: Changelogs <action@github.com>

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[c68217d56d...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/c68217d56da3537851a3e6fffc8e76857fa932d1)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 20:45:13 by Joel Robert Justiawan

Another GF Home theater progress

alright, I think we almost done it. right? idk. but we've went on!

also we have reserved the GF home theater in the coding yay!. we've tested the dance left right, thunder fear, trains, and uh... what else I forgot, basically it. also we've added the GF home theater ready for tutorial stage. that xml is not complete yet though.

fixed trains not coming at all in philly. hmmm, looks like the coding mistakenly thought that the train passes sound is also on week 3 special folder, nope! it's on the default folder. yeah, there should've been a fallback. since the sound fail to load, the train pass function hangs and softlocks, but not the entire game. just switch state to terminate train pass. but okay! I copied those sounds to the week3/sounds folder so now you have that too.

installed GF-ht on Week strong songs (Windfall, Rule the worls, We'll meet again) yay! now we're getting close. left the masker for boyfriend!

now the numbers of miss note can be set in assets/data/numbersOfMissSfx.txt . just add missNoteNUM.ogg into it, rename according to number like missNote4, 5 6, etc. to assets/sounds then simply edit that text file, change number to how many you have now. for source code version it's assets/shared/sounds.

proposed sTILE json file. the Music Cardtridge metadata for Hexagon Engine. now we have added special dictionary called "funkin" for all information for FNF in one go. still in development along with original sTILE json file specification in Hexagon Engine.

whoops forgot gfVersion in empty template chart! there you go.

made clarification that gameBanana is vague regarding of some common withhold reason. likely some more feature would be exclusive to Odysee permanently for safety reason. that's all your fault game managers there! no no! jk! I mean, we gotta discuss about this. I think you should expand your thinking to cover more use case scenarios like I have here.

add full screen toggle on the option menu too as well! also on the press F on TItle screen to toggle full screen will change save data variable fullscreen mode too! and not to forget the initialization when the game start which is change full screen mode wow!

sleep now we must sleep pls dont overnight idk man

---
## [ryukaizen/ryukaizen](https://github.com/ryukaizen/ryukaizen)@[7e8ba7f331...](https://github.com/ryukaizen/ryukaizen/commit/7e8ba7f331264b1b02829ba97d425164b51eeb3e)
#### Sunday 2021-05-23 21:50:45 by リュウカイゼン

Damn almost took me 3 hours 

I'm not that kind of person who stars their own repo so, yeah... give a fucking star.

---

# [<](2021-05-22.md) 2021-05-23 [>](2021-05-24.md)

