# [<](2021-07-25.md) 2021-07-26 [>](2021-07-27.md)

3,007,591 events, 1,451,646 push events, 2,331,272 commit messages, 176,844,129 characters


## [Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3)@[5b78b67484...](https://github.com/Lost-Kitty/Cinders-DS3/commit/5b78b67484218e0d613241a22086cba3d0a29c75)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 00:45:17 by harmonixer123

Fixes

Increased the inflict from the aux infusions of the Witchtree Limb to be on par with great hammers.

Fixed the base damage/scaling being wrong for these weapons:
- STR scaling of the Holy Morning Star.
- FTH scaling of the Lightning Sage's Stiletto.
- Sharp and Blunt Thorned Greatsword losing their innate FTH scaling.
- Physical base damage of the Lucky, Sharp and Blunt Ringed Knight Spear.
- FTH scaling of the Lightning Istarelle.
- Lucky Silver Knight Straight Sword losing its innate FTH scaling.

Fixed the duration of Blessed Weapon and Supreme Blessed Weapon.

Fixed Great Lifehunt Scythe not restoring HP on hit.

Other stuff.

---
## [Animalpetsstore/-animalpetsstore](https://github.com/Animalpetsstore/-animalpetsstore)@[2ddb38f324...](https://github.com/Animalpetsstore/-animalpetsstore/commit/2ddb38f324b60b6b70ad6bd88436b299eb27b794)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 02:07:11 by Animal pet's store

Add files via upload

Popularity	
2020: #7

2019: #7

2018: #6

2017: #6

Name	Beagle
Other names	English Beagle
Origin	 United States
Breed Group	
Hound (AKC:1885)

Scenthound (UKC)

Size	Small to Medium
Type	Purebred
Life span	12-15 years
Temperament	
Friendly

Gentle

Independent

Intelligent

Lively

Loving

Sweet

Height	
Male: 14-16 inches (36-41 cm)

Female: 13-15 inches (33-38 cm)

Weight	
Male: 22-25 pounds (10-11 kg)

Female: 20-23 pounds (9-10 kg)

Colors	
Black and Tan

Tricolor

Red

White

Litter Size	2-14 puppies, average 7
Puppy Prices	
Average $800 - $1500 USD

Usually, the average price of a Beagle puppy from a reputable breeder is between $800 and $1,500, while a top-quality Beagle puppy can cost as high as $2,500 and upward. The price depends on the dog's lineage, conformation to breed standards, age, and training

---
## [shiptest-ss13/Shiptest](https://github.com/shiptest-ss13/Shiptest)@[d04b06c458...](https://github.com/shiptest-ss13/Shiptest/commit/d04b06c458a4afc8282b25e2a5382381d24e6445)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 03:54:39 by QAI-07

Lava Comm Outpost ruin (#78)

* The Lava Planet Comm outpost.

A forgotten base with the tale of two star-crossed operatives.

* Adds the Comm Outpost to the blacklist.

I don't even know why this is needed, but it is?

* Updates Lavaland.dm with the comm outpost

why am i doing this anyway?

* Adds an Area for the Comm Outpost

Idfk how to fix the problem originally so this'll have to do.

* B E G O N E

Replacing this with the updated version.

* Updates the Areas on the original map.

* I've gotta be doing something wrong at this point.

How the fuck

* LET THIS NIGHTMARE END

Adds the lavaland comm outpost with updated areas pleasefuqw9iahwhg

* quotation marks the hasty note

Let this be the end of this extended trilogy of nightmares.

* Removes that damn semicolon

-witty nightmare joke here-

Co-authored-by: Mark Suckerberg <29362068+MarkSuckerberg@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[797327a34c...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/797327a34cf32122c7ab8d57539dab9b29946e33)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 06:29:46 by mrg

update to blender 2.93.

thanks to nia and joerg for help with updating.


see https://www.blender.org/download/releases/ for a full list
of changes.  vague summary includes:

2.91:

The fourth major release in 2020 is here to further improve the
user experience, adding powerful new booleans, better cloth
sculpting with support for collisions, volume objects modifiers,
improved animation tools and so much more.

Introducing collision support for the sculpt cloth brush and
filter.

The new Sculpt Trim tool lets you cut and even add geometry using
box or lasso gestures.

This brush includes a set of deformation modes designed to control
the shape of the mesh boundaries.

The new Simulation Target property allows the Pose and Boundary
brushes to simulate cloth effects as you use them.

Introducing the Exact solver to take care of complex geometry.

Curve and text objects now have support for custom bevel profiles,
just like the bevel modifier.

All bevel types now support flat curve caps too!

A new modifier for volume objects allows you to dynamically
convert them into a mesh, ideal for stylized fluids.

Convert any mesh into a volume and combine it with the new Volume
Displace modifier.

Convert images into Grease Pencil objects with just one click!

The new Holdout option in materials allows you to paint holes in
strokes and filled areas.

Can't remember where that setting is? Search for it!

Sloppy typing? Don't worry! Fuzzy search makes it so you can be
less precise and still find what you look for.

The new support for Compound Shape collisions allow for complex
simulations not possible before.

You now can combine multiple primitive shapes into a concave
shape, resulting in blazing fast simulations.

Everywhere! Tag your collections with colors.

Drag & drop now works for modifiers, constraints and Grease Pencil
effects.

Animation curves can now become much snappier, allowing for more
sudden changes with fewer keyframes required.

2.92:

A completely new workflow for editing meshes, new physics
simulation methods, faster Cycles rendering, better compositing
with Eevee, and so much more. Blender 2.92 marks the beginning of
something incredible.

The new Geometry Nodes editor opens the door for creating and
manipulating meshes using a node-based system.

Create your own custom modifier! Expose properties from the nodes
in the modifier stack for an easy-to-use interface.

This first iteration focuses on object scattering and instancing,
laying the groundwork for more advanced workflows in the upcoming
releases.

Smear multires displacement over the limit surface similar to how
smearing for colors and topology slide works.

Shape silhouettes as you please with this new option in the Grab
tool.

Mesh Fairing allows you to visually remove parts of your mesh by
completely smoothing the area inside a Face Set.

Grease Pencil strokes can now be edited as curves!

The Trace Image feature now supports image sequences!

Grease Pencil interpolation has been improved to better deal with
different sized strokes.

Volume rendering is significantly more memory efficient, by using
a sparse NanoVDB grid.

OptiX now supports hybrid rendering to combine the power of your
CPU and GPU devices.

See everything with the new Exposure node in the Compositor.

2.93:

A total of 22 new nodes were added to the Geometry Nodes editor
expanding the attribute system, sampling textures, support for
volume data, improved usablity, mesh primitives, Cycles support
for attributes, and much more.

It is now possible to create mesh circles, cones, cubes,
cylinders, grids, ico-spheres, uv-spheres, and lines without ever
leaving the Geometry Nodes editor.

Geometry Nodes allows you to create the most flexible modifiers.

For this releases' splash, the author Erindale went all-in and
made the entire thing pretty much using only Geometry Nodes.

It has never been easier to create, tweak, and expand Masks or
Face sets as you sculpt.

Splitting complex figures into multiple objects is a quick way to
significantly improve performance. In order to ease this workflow,
there is a new way to quickly jump between objects while in Sculpt
mode.

The Line Art modifier generates stylized lines on your scene,
collections, or individual objects.

The Interpolate operator is now a full-fledged tool!

The new Eevee looks so good you may want to re-render all your
projects.

The new Depth of Field handles close-ups and outlines much better.

Volume shaders in Eevee now support Area Lights and Soft Shadows.

---
## [rakeshsantwani123/Calculator-in-C-](https://github.com/rakeshsantwani123/Calculator-in-C-)@[a2b8bbe051...](https://github.com/rakeshsantwani123/Calculator-in-C-/commit/a2b8bbe0517918b1d6dd06ac35d352783077f429)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 07:29:16 by rakeshsantwani123

.cpp

Mt krna baat abse.. 
pr nafrat bhi nhi krna
Me last msg kr rha me apni sari galtiya maan rha hu haa bhut jada gussa h hurt bhi aur mt krna baat abse qki hadd ki bhi hadd kr di mene
mene bs sorry bolne ko msg kiya hai kyoki meri hi mistakes h aur mene agress kr liya ki mene tujhe kafi hurt kiya, mere se handle nhi ho pa rha pr yr dhukh mujhe milna chiye aur tu ek loyal friend h
mene koi aim se defame krne ka try nhi kiya h kabhi bhi gussa tha bs me hamesha kisi se teri burai kruga na sunuga qki tune mere liye itna sb kiya h jb me bimar tha h utna pyar mummy ke bad tu hi kr sakti h mujhese tune jo kuch bhi kiya mere liye me us baat ko yad rakh kr tujhe hamesha protect kruga abhi se hi
aur mujhe yad h tu sil ki saaf h qki gussa whi krta h jo dil ka saaf hota h jutha pyar ya mzak nhi kiya tune mere se hamesha mujhe family jesa pyar diya is baat ko me kabhi nhi bhuluga is baat ko yad krke hi tujhe protect kruga 
tujhe jo krna ho kr ab me khi bhi msg nhi kruga free mind set se rehna ab se acha kiya tune spam msg mail se block kra diye 
dimag me hate a jaye ek dusre ke liye pr dil me nhi a sakti kabhi qki mene bhi pda h phela pyar bhulne se bhi nhi bhulaya ja sakta...
realtion me reh kr tune ek bf se bhi jada pyar diya h mujhe har ek baat yad h to ab dur ho kr bhi me tujhe protect kruga na shak kruga na kuch bhi msgs, na defame etc...
jo bhi hua sorry maybe family issues h dono ke isliye hum proper time nhi de paye ek dusre ko aur fir mene bhi bemani ki tere sath bhut jada tu mujhe kabhi maaf nhi krna 
future me blog etc likhte rehna.. mera dimag hate kr le tujhse pr dil nhi kr sakta tu mera first and last love h to ab mujhe value h teri
tujhe jo krna ho kr enjoy kr song sun aur padai kr bate kr dosto se
i love you forever me hamesha tera wait krugaa bcoz ur my firstnd last love 
nd dont worry ab by miskate bhi msg krke problmes jo h aur nhi bdauga me bhut jada yad krta hu 
i love you forever dhyan rakhna apna meri aloo sad, dipress hu pr khush bhi hu ki tu khush rhaegi abse
coco aur me tujhese bhut pyar krte h dhyan rakhan apna
abse khi koi preshani nhi hogi tujhe
i miss u and love u forever
itna beautiful face h tera
like kr dena msg pad le to taki dil ko shanti mil jaye bs like kr de 
bs like kr de me samjh jau bs

---
## [newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria)@[c31de12d62...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-post-nigeria/commit/c31de12d62811b180e296f2ca6be552efcc894fd)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 08:31:22 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [dailypost.ng/2021/07/26/bbnaija-i-want-all-the-boys-to-fall-in-love-with-me-maria/]

---
## [Anaximandro-Robrodri/Push_swap](https://github.com/Anaximandro-Robrodri/Push_swap)@[8983c17100...](https://github.com/Anaximandro-Robrodri/Push_swap/commit/8983c1710027fc4c6b553b1e213f030bcc3a0dd9)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 09:34:58 by Roberto Rodriguez garcia

fuck that sorting and fuck you, Adrihamel, joking thx for the help

---
## [LuckyFortuneDog/What-is-LuckyFortuneDog-LFD-](https://github.com/LuckyFortuneDog/What-is-LuckyFortuneDog-LFD-)@[8bf789384b...](https://github.com/LuckyFortuneDog/What-is-LuckyFortuneDog-LFD-/commit/8bf789384b0c3a040acc571e1c3c3fa5bc49b8f1)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 10:32:53 by LFD

Create README.md

INTRODUCTION.

LFD is a decentralized and fair donation token issued by charitable organizations. Two simple public welfare 
mechanisms occur in every transaction: Passive income distribution, LP liquidity fund pool.
LuckyFortuneDog (LFD) is a unique charity community project at present. It combines the charity spirit of the East 
and the West. It will be officially launched in 2021 under the leadership of Gianni Liu. The LFD pass is a fully 
functional and decentralized digital asset built on the Binance Smart Chain (BscScan), with a total issuance of only 
one trillion. LFD has a reward mechanism for each transaction, and it can no longer be changed. Every community 
participant can query the transaction record of LFD on the Blockchain Browser.

TOKENOMICS
Name token: LuckyFortuneDog
Symbol: LFD
Decimals: 18
Maximum total supply: 1,000,000,000,000 LFD
BEP20 contract address：0xdeb1EAF085979A73aB0E85901D786cBa991c2617
Passive income distribution
4% of each transaction is given to all holders as a static reward.
LP liquidity pool
1% of each transaction is automatically locked to increase liquidity of funds.

Where does LFD come from? 
The idea of LFD originated from the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused uncountable families to lose their loved 
ones and many lovely dogs to lose their owners. Amid the catastrophe, a Chinese teenage boy born in Italy 
constructed a shelter and adopted two stray dogs, naming them Lucky and Fortune. The little boy, Gianni Liu, was 
born in December 2006, in the Chinese Year of the Dog. Gianni Liu’s father is a public welfare worker at a local 
charity organization. Affected by his father’s job, Gianni Liu has always been a very optimistic, cheerful kid, keen 
on helping homeless people and stray animals. He has participated in various charitable activities, including charity 
sales and volunteering at hospitals. After hearing about his father’s concern for the risks and challenges faced by 
today’s philanthropy industry, particularly the distrust issue between donors and organisations, Gianni hopes to 
form a concept model that will make charitable foundations more transparent, faster and more efficient. Gianni 
told his father: ‘Those who urgently need help are struggling to reach those who are willing to help, especially 
during the pandemic, where in-person charity events are not possible.’ Therefore, he  launched  the 
‘LuckyFortuneDog’ project, named after the two stray dogs that he adopted last year, developing a platform that 
facilitates the connection between prospective donors and people in need. Gianni condensates the project into his 
motto: ‘ Wherever love is, there is fortune and prosperity.’ 

Why 1 trillion of total supply? 
Inspired by the business magnate, Mr Musk ‘s statement in April, 2021, Gianni asked his father if there was a 
chance to send his stray dogs or their offspring to Mars in Mr Musk’s spaceship. He knew that there was very little 
hope for this dream to come true, like one in a trillion. His father told him to hold on with this faith and to keep 
working on it, despite the one in a trillion chance.  Thus, he decided to create 1 trillion LFD tokens, representing one 
in a trillion chance. The boy believes that with a collective effort from all caring people, the world will become a 
place where everyone can share borderless and endless love.

How does LFD achieve consensus?
LFD uses a unique and efficient consensus burning mechanism Proof-of-Stake (Proof of Stake), called public charity 
voting.  It is designed to allow people with LFD balances to choose any representatives they want to vote on behalf 
of the community without having to control their funds. The decentralized holders of LFD can decide who will 
generate social consensus instead of mining companies, which makes it easy to redistribute voting weight on a 
global scale. The voting process is very effective and is an important part of the free use of LFD and the destruction 
of tokens.

LFD PARTNERSHIP WITH BINANCE
LFD is actively working on Binance Smart Chain. Down below we will answer the question: Why does the LFD use the Binance Smart Chain contract?
BSC is a better solution than Binance Chain in terms of function, speed, and versatility. It has interoperability features with new generation solutions such as passive income in the Defi world, it also stands out with the high transaction fees, intensive use of Ethereum, and the slow operation of the ETH 2.0 process.
BSC offers high-speed transactions and lower fees with a 5 second block generation time. This means your FAR transfers are being confirmed rapidly.
Here are the advantages which FAR gets from being on Binance Smart Chain :
• EVM compatibility (supporting software, applications, and software tools in Ethereum). 
• A high-performance function that can generate one block every 3 seconds 
• Supports Cross-chain Defi transfers 
• The advantage of being supported by the Binance ecosystem • Advanced security and safety

How will LFD promote the token economy?
The total issuance of LFD is 1 trillion. LFD is a simple transaction token. Two simple public welfare mechanisms will occur in each transaction: Passive income distribution: 4% of each transaction is provided as a static reward to all holders By. LP liquidity fund pool: 1% of each transaction is automatically locked to increase liquidity of funds.
The user can also deposit the purchased LFD tokens into the wallet. Get more LFD when other users are trading, so that the tokens in circulation will be rewarded regularly.

LFD Roadmap
Q3 2021
Protocol Initialized
Complete the construction of media and major marketing channels、establish relationships with non-profit organizations、 expand the team size under the leadership of Gianni Liu, join PancakeSwap for transactions、and build a large-scale charity ecological community
Q4 2021
High-Growth
Incorporate Italy/Milan office、Attend global conferences and become an industry leader in Italy、Initiate LFD exchange、New project designed on blockchain – LFD educational platform for charity purpose
Q1 2022
Expansion
Educational platform commercialised、LFD joins top crypto exchanges、Hold on-site charitable events、Business development with international charitable organisations
Q2 2022
Globalization
LFD exchange officially launched、Expand charity projects to a larger scale、Corporate footprint across the world

LuckyFortuneDog-LFD-Binance Smart Chain
https://bscscan.com/token/0xdeb1EAF085979A73aB0E85901D786cBa991c2617

LFD TOKEN DISTRIBUTION
Charity Foundation 20%
Airdrop 80%

Benefits of LFD to users
• Users can earn tokens by depositing tokens purchased on the exchange platform into their wallets. 
• There will never be additional issuance of LFD tokens. There are different reward rates for the number of token holdings. 
• Users can buy lottery tickets and earn money from lottery tickets as the lucky ones. • Users can create, buy and sell NFTs on the LFDSwap platform. 
• Users can invest in other projects in advance and gain more profit by obtaining priority in IFO sales.

---
## [Catrobat/Paintroid](https://github.com/Catrobat/Paintroid)@[820b5e05e1...](https://github.com/Catrobat/Paintroid/commit/820b5e05e17199b8f9cedd9282e778f158ed92b2)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 11:16:12 by Lorenz Dirry

PAINTROID-161 added catrobat-image and refactored commands (#894)

So I decided to go with the Kryo (https://github.com/EsotericSoftware/kryo) Library for Serialization since it was the library that according to different benchmarks and articles performed the best in terms of output size (e.g. https://github.com/eishay/jvm-serializers/wiki).  Also it was recommended on multiple stackoverflow posts.

I also wrote custom Serializers for every object that gets serialized, mainly to ensure backwards compatibility and minimum file size. The idea is that a Serializer specifies how an object should be written and read from a file.
Without custom Serializers you would usually experience some limitations like for instance not being able to change the type of a member variable, if you wanted to keep backwards compatibility.
All these custom Serializers inherit from the class `VersionSerializer`. With this class we can specify how we want to read an object from different Catrobat image file versions.

For example:
If we wanted to introduce a new feature with 3D Coordinates, then our `PointCommand` would not be able to take the `PointF` parameter anymore and would instead need a class that can store 3 coordinates, lets call it `Point3F`. All we know have to do is, increment the field `CommandSerializationUtilities.CURRENT_IMAGE_VERSION` and in the class `PointCommandSerializer`, we override the function `readV1(..)` and specify in this function how we convert the read `PointF` object from the old image version to the new `Point3F`. After that we just return a new `PointCommand` with the new `Point3F` as parameter.
Also in the `write(..)` function we specify that we want to write a `Point3F` instead and in the `readCurrentVersion(..)` we read the `Point3F`. 

If we want to introduce a new Command then we don't even have to increment the `CURRENT_IMAGE_VERSION`. Just create a new Serializer similar to the other ones and register it in the function `CommandSerializationUtilities.setRegisterMapVersion()`.
IMPORTANT: (I also added a comment in code),
Never change the order of these and only add/register new Serializers at the end of this function. Basically kryo assigns an ID to each class, this way it doesn't have to write/store the full package+name of each class.

Forwards compatibility is not supported (and would result in an image couldn't be loaded dialog), else we would also need to specify what happens when writing an object for every version. (which in my opinion is not worth the effort since users should just update to the newest version on the play store)

I also had to exchange the `android.graphics.Path` with a new class `SerializablePath` (inherits from Path). This class basically records/remembers all important function calls to this object. Else there was no option to get this information for serialization because `android.graphics.Path` seems to use some sort of registry system to maybe store some data more efficently for reuse.

Added following tests:
- CatrobatImageIOIntegrationTest.kt (to test the process of writing/reading a catrobat-image)
- CommandSerializationTest.kt (to test that every command is serialized and read as intended)

Also refactored all the Commands to Kotlin and added testcases for the commands which didn't have any before.
Just some thoughts on what I changed when refactoring the Commands to Kotlin.
- when calling `run(canvas: Canvas, layerModel: LayerContracts.Model)`, the canvas and layermodel should and are currently never null (because I had to remove a test that checked for null)
- completly refactored the StampCommand and removed BaseCommand, since the StampCommand was the only class extending it, and the BaseCommand had only functions that were useful for the StampCommand (like storing bitmap)
(all commands inherit from the `Command` Interface still)

### Your checklist for this pull request
Please review the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/Catrobat/Paintroid/blob/develop/README.md) and [wiki pages](https://github.com/Catrobat/Catroid/wiki/) of this repository.

- [x] Include the name of the Jira ticket in the PR’s title
- [x] Include a summary of the changes plus the relevant context
- [x] Choose the proper base branch (*develop*)
- [x] Confirm that the changes follow the project’s coding guidelines
- [x] Verify that the changes generate no compiler or linter warnings
- [x] Perform a self-review of the changes
- [x] Verify to commit no other files than the intentionally changed ones
- [x] Include reasonable and readable tests verifying the added or changed behavior
- [x] Confirm that new and existing unit tests pass locally
- [x] Check that the commits’ message style matches the [project’s guideline](https://github.com/Catrobat/Catroid/wiki/Commit-Message-Guidelines)
- [x] Stick to the project’s gitflow workflow
- [x] Verify that your changes do not have any conflicts with the base branch
- [x] After the PR, verify that all CI checks have passed
- [x] Post a message in the *#paintroid* [Slack channel](https://catrobat.slack.com) and ask for a code reviewer

---
## [drbaggy/perlweeklychallenge-club](https://github.com/drbaggy/perlweeklychallenge-club)@[3ebea6660b...](https://github.com/drbaggy/perlweeklychallenge-club/commit/3ebea6660bb9e212bb39008590758a023f7a71de)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 11:50:11 by drbaggy

I think there is a bit of nasty code to add to "nth-ugly" to speed this up - which remembers where to start the inner for loops - but need to get my brain around it - at least this works - and is better than a full scan of 1..N as n gets larger

---
## [Boomy639/BekaHot-bot](https://github.com/Boomy639/BekaHot-bot)@[af90b5a9fb...](https://github.com/Boomy639/BekaHot-bot/commit/af90b5a9fb18268a986138cba3de8094b3da4534)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 12:52:06 by Em1tt

omg conflict :frowning:

I swear to god Boomy I told you not to fucking update the code

---
## [bright/new-www](https://github.com/bright/new-www)@[5a7ce36760...](https://github.com/bright/new-www/commit/5a7ce36760d6bdf43bdb09ee88171c6c2aeb862d)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 13:16:33 by Izabela

Update Blog “2019-03-18-flutter-why-you-may-love-it-or-hate-it”

---
## [tdxf/mekRAM](https://github.com/tdxf/mekRAM)@[96d3abd0a2...](https://github.com/tdxf/mekRAM/commit/96d3abd0a22c7205c257b7b7daae0709762f99ff)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 13:30:56 by aky

HOLY FUCKING SHIT IT'S HERE

how did I even manage to stay determined?
Reorganized folders/files
Completely rewrote the code to use static typing
Added a lot of documentation
Added !read
and a lot more I can't remember

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[96286ba73a...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/96286ba73a315ee662cab0fd6c0bfd533d164385)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 15:03:18 by Dragonfruits

GUBMAN 3.2: "Man, this fucking sucks!" (#7076)

* Automatic changelog compile [ci skip]

* Automatic changelog compile [ci skip]

* rifles play like rifles and shit

* Update akm.dm

* Fires faster than the AK

Co-authored-by: Dragonfruits <51841793+Investigator77@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Changelogs <action@github.com>

---
## [RAttab/legion](https://github.com/RAttab/legion)@[d2e4d66a67...](https://github.com/RAttab/legion/commit/d2e4d66a674cccce9be7d490a338402ca04d34c3)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 16:34:48 by Rémi Attab

Replace tabs by spaces when loading lisp modules

Fuck mixed tab and space indent... so god damn stupid... worst of both
world with no possible winner...

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[c47279f724...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/c47279f7246487041b1819238fba6859fd79794d)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 17:00:11 by Wilmer Adalid

Updates for: Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be
tolerated until they acquire some sense.
		-- William Phelps

---
## [kimeufelix/hello-worldh](https://github.com/kimeufelix/hello-worldh)@[6c33e3e2e4...](https://github.com/kimeufelix/hello-worldh/commit/6c33e3e2e4f7e71d67c38780efa64eecf323e533)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 17:52:39 by kimeufelix

Update README.md

Lucy I truly love you , I care about you girl. Love you 😘♥️❤️😘.

---
## [kimeufelix/hello-world](https://github.com/kimeufelix/hello-world)@[9e98b1d2dc...](https://github.com/kimeufelix/hello-world/commit/9e98b1d2dc73ef8d6a0a05207f26efa3a7dabf0f)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 18:16:25 by kimeufelix

Create README.md

Me boy 
I love a girl
She loves me .
I enjoy with her

---
## [JojoMee/algorithm-analyzer](https://github.com/JojoMee/algorithm-analyzer)@[63fd8064a7...](https://github.com/JojoMee/algorithm-analyzer/commit/63fd8064a7578af223c2602415db686e0882113b)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 18:17:45 by jojomee

converted file from CRLF to LF (fuck you windows -.-)

---
## [o3de/o3de](https://github.com/o3de/o3de)@[90e45a5bbd...](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/commit/90e45a5bbdf65e3311833d9fc0470dabaf395ea9)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 18:19:03 by bosnichd

Barrier (formerly Synergy) Input Gem (#2336)

Synergy (now Barrier) input was lost when we removed the CryLegacy Gem. This resurrects the code, updates it to work with Barrier (which is the open source project based on the original Synergy core), and updates it to be more conformant with the AzFramework Input framework.

Notes:

- The majority of code in BarrierInputClient.cpp is still largely unmodified from the original Cry drop and could use some love to make it more robust, but it works so at least gives us somewhere to start.
- The current iteration replaces the host platform's default mouse/keyboard implementation upon creation of the BarrierInputClient, and if the connection fails or is later lost we don't restore the default implementations which we should for a better use experience. On a related note, for some use cases it would be better to create additional mouse/keyboard input devices (that use the Barrier implementations) in addition to the existing devices (that use the host platform's default implementation), however this would mean that any system assuming only one mouse/keyboard device exists would not work with the additional Barrier input devices. We can iterate on both of the above issues in the future as needed, perhaps providing configurable options to control the behaviour.

Signed-off-by: bosnichd <bosnichd@amazon.com>

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[e2c24adebe...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/e2c24adebede2d269b0fa2df3f1a05a44343e8c0)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 20:11:15 by Dudemanguy

wayland: unset hidden state in frame callback

More wayland weirdness. So previously, flipping a hidden state from true
to false was done in vo_wayland_wait_frame. In theory, this would be
after you get the frame callback and all those events so there's no
problem. However since the function also does a bunch of
flushing/dispatching/etc. to the default display queue so a lot of
unknown things can happen before we actually set the hidden variable
back to false. For example if a single image was paused and left on
another virtual desktop long enough (~5 minutes) while also not having
focus, switching back to that desktop could render it a black frame.

This edge case was supposed to be handled by the surface being activated
again in the toplevel event but apparently that doesn't always work. The
fix is to just delete all of that junk and set wl->hidden = false in the
frame callback. What's actually happening is kind of a mystery honestly.
Probably the compositor drops the buffers after a while as an
optimization (sensible) and forces a repaint if you switch back to the
virtual desktop. Somehow wl->hidden not being set to false would not
properly trigger a repaint (likely because it also sends a toplevel
event which does stuff) thus you just get a black window. If you just
make sure to set hidden in the frame callback, it appears like all of
these problems and edge cases are solved. Since this event must happen
first, that makes sense. That simplifies a lot of stuff and fixes some
subtle bugs at the same time so just go with this approach.

---
## [wp-graphql/wp-graphql](https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql)@[5784a63f2c...](https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql/commit/5784a63f2ca426781b191b59e0ccd0885f5241ab)
#### Monday 2021-07-26 20:40:15 by chriszarate

Resolve user visibility in UserLoader

There has been a long-standing performance issue with the is_private
method of the User model, because it attempts to count the number of
published posts for each user, a potentially very expensive operation.
And since the operation is uncached, this can very quickly overwhelm the
database.

More discussion of the issue:
https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql/issues/961

At Quartz, this has prevented us from upgrading WPGraphQL, and it
appears to have affected other users as well. A few different PRs exist
to address this issue:

https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql/pull/962
https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql/pull/972
https://github.com/wp-graphql/wp-graphql/pull/1677

This PR is my attempt to fix this issue the way that Jason and others
have described as ideal: using DataLoader.

Instead of creating a new loader (e.g., "UserVisibilityLoader"), I am
including this in UserLoader. The reason is that they seem tightly
coupled and making them separate would just introduce unnecessary
complexity. You'd need to remember to use UserVisibilityLoader
everywhere you used UserLoader or risk losing the performance benefit
it provides.

My fix simply plugs into the existing "loadKeys" implementation and
produces a single query that determines visibility for each user. I'd
love feedback on the efficiency of this query; I hope that this is
good enough to sidestep the need for caching. If its not possible to
generate a single efficient query, generating an extra query for each
user along the lines of `SELECT id FROM wp_posts WHERE post_author = X
LIMIT 1` seems like the next best approach.

Finally, we need a way to provide the visibility to the User model.
Luckily, WP_User is not a final class and provides a setter:

https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/wp_user/__set/

This allows us to set an "is_private" property on the WP_User instance,
which is then available to the model via "$this->data". This seems to
be done widely, but we could implement a wrapper around WP_User if we
wanted to avoid mutating WP_User instances.

From there, it's a very simple matter of having the User model check
this property.

---

# [<](2021-07-25.md) 2021-07-26 [>](2021-07-27.md)

