# [<](2021-11-10.md) 2021-11-11 [>](2021-11-12.md)

3,258,980 events, 1,805,542 push events, 2,773,417 commit messages, 199,262,647 characters


## [arosboro/rotki](https://github.com/arosboro/rotki)@[dbdc235981...](https://github.com/arosboro/rotki/commit/dbdc235981e9816088cfe71b7dac70b9b51082a3)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 00:43:34 by Lefteris Karapetsas

Binance should die in righteous holy fire

Their API is the shittiest shit out there. Time and time again it has
proven to be the most incompetent, least technical and worst
maintained API of all centralized exchanges.

In the latest installment of their continuous incompetence the fiat
payments endpoint (https://binance-docs.github.io/apidocs/spot/en/#get-fiat-payments-history-user_data)
seems to be a special case in the way it returns data with an empty list.
It may omit the data key completely and return something like this:
{'code': '000000', 'message': 'success', 'success': True, 'total': 0}
which breaks the expectations of our binance api parser and goes
against their own docs.

BURN THAT SHIT WITH FIRE

---
## [maborak/iemaddon-installer](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer)@[53ffe80fad...](https://github.com/maborak/iemaddon-installer/commit/53ffe80fad19c87eb2f25104269241b28ff204fe)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 01:12:08 by Wilmer Adalid

Updates for: If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks
he's God.

---
## [Puchis/Gregorio-Gragas-Computer-Repair](https://github.com/Puchis/Gregorio-Gragas-Computer-Repair)@[ad176d1de6...](https://github.com/Puchis/Gregorio-Gragas-Computer-Repair/commit/ad176d1de678d388b41692effe6734056f8beda1)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 02:31:53 by NatsukiAza

JAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJA :tf:

Yeah (Internet Money, bitch)
I got black, I got white, what you want?
Hop outside a Ghost and hop up in a Phantom
I know I'm 'bout to blow, I ain't dumb
They try to take my flow, I take they ass for ransom
I know that I'm gone
They see me blowin' up, now they say they want some
I got two twin Glocks, turn you to a dancer
I see two twin opps, leave 'em on a banner
And I got two thick thots, wanna link the gang
I got red, I got blue, what you want?
The Chanel or Balenciaga, Louis and Vuitton
She know I got the Fendi, Prada when I hit Milan
I needed me a die or rider, I need me the one
I started from the bottom, you could see the way I stunt
I want all the diamonds, I want that shit to weigh a ton
The opps, they tryna line me 'cause they hate the place I'm from
But them niggas don't know me, they just know the place I'm from
I got lots of shawties tryna pull up to my place
But you ain't want me last year so just get up out my face
They all up in my inbox, so I know they want a taste
I know they want my downfall, lil' nigga are you laced?
I got black, I got white, what you want?
Hop outside a Ghost and hop up in a Phantom
I know I'm 'bout to blow, I ain't dumb
They try to take my flow, I take they ass for ransom
I know that I'm gone
They see me blowin' up, now they say they want some
I got two twin Glocks, turn you to a dancer
I see two twin opps, leave 'em on a banner
And I got two thick thots, wanna link the gang
I got black, I got white, what you want?
Hop outside a Ghost and hop up in a Phantom
I know I'm 'bout to blow, I ain't dumb
They try to take my flow, I take they ass for ransom
I know that I'm gone
They see me blowin' up, now they say they want some
I got two twin Glocks, turn you to a dancer
I see two twin opps, leave 'em on a banner
And I got two thick thots, wanna link the gang, yeah

---
## [mirabilos/mksh](https://github.com/mirabilos/mksh)@[860e6cc964...](https://github.com/mirabilos/mksh/commit/860e6cc964faae6cff90ad1a35b38c6c8006cd3c)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 03:15:33 by tg

more _POSIX_VDISABLE fuckery (fuck GNU glibc, a̲g̲a̲i̲n̲!):

Act 1:	glibc on GNU/kFreeBSD, in contrast to proper MidnightBSD (for
	example), defines _POSIX_VDISABLE to something not a valid C
	præprocessor token:

	../../sh.h:399:7: error: missing binary operator before token "char"
	  399 | #elif _POSIX_VDISABLE == -1
	      |       ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	Verified on lemon.debian.net (kfreebsd-amd64 porter box).
	This actively breaks the *intended* way of using this macro
	but (I suppose…) that’s GNU for you…

Act 2:	A gem shared by https://stackoverflow.com/a/50186064/2171120

	“I looked at some old systems in the Unix tree. All of
	 Minix 1.5 (1989), Linux 0.96c (1992), and 4.4BSD (1993)
	 have _POSIX_VDISABLE defined and not -1.”

	So rip out the ifdef and assume it’s defined-and-not-disabled
	until someone porting encounters an OS which doesn’t?

Act 3:	Of course, Linux klibc (nor the Linux uapi headers) define
	_POSIX_VDISABLE at all. I mean it’s not like this is part
	of the kernel tty API or something (ha ha only serious)…

Therefore we’re currently ending up with:
• if _POSIX_VDISABLE is defined assume it’s not -1
• if _POSIX_VDISABLE is not defined use “the old BSD value” (0377,
  but as unsigned int because cc_t is unsigned, and as hex number
  because the days octal (outside of chmod/umask…) made sense have
  died with PDP endianness), which also fits with EO not being in
  use in UTF-8 o̲r̲ EBCDIC…

If this ever reaches an operating environment where these don’t hold
true and where the fallback to 0xFFU (which -1 would map to as well)
causes trouble, we’ll need to do as pdksh did and store _POSIX_VDISABLE
in a variable (though, of what type…) possibly using fpathconf(2) also.
Intermediate chance may be a mirtoconf test for whether _POSIX_VDISABLE
is defined and not -1 and restoring the pre-1.954 macros except checking
the mirtoconf output first… (still no fpathconf(2) but meh)

tl;dr: portability was fucking hard before the modern fuckers who are
probably younger than many systems mksh runs on invented sarding more
catdamned breakage…

---
## [smokingpacman/UGV_Project](https://github.com/smokingpacman/UGV_Project)@[e27f319ff3...](https://github.com/smokingpacman/UGV_Project/commit/e27f319ff346a1d2ac91505142a7df7e683e5e04)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 03:37:32 by smokingpacman

Create RPI_Code.py

Fuck you for making me have to log in on pi to upload this.

---
## [Crypto-Army/policyIDs](https://github.com/Crypto-Army/policyIDs)@[df9a8aaa17...](https://github.com/Crypto-Army/policyIDs/commit/df9a8aaa178c2872c08ba7dd2eb54b6410ef0a53)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 07:01:18 by Crypto-Army

Create Crypto-Army

Sorry,  I have added lots of files for you to look at.  Honestly Im not this stupid, Im an artist not a Coder.

www.cryptoarmynft.com
https://twitter.com/RGBColorblind

---
## [OrionCraftMC/meditate-layout](https://github.com/OrionCraftMC/meditate-layout)@[4ea7583460...](https://github.com/OrionCraftMC/meditate-layout/commit/4ea75834601a5c7d81bcc8d2b3f6d924696a9719)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 10:58:29 by NickAcPT

Do not store data in bits... It's annoying and always causes pain since Java is a fucking bruh moment.

---
## [aau-giraf/web-api](https://github.com/aau-giraf/web-api)@[72729a7428...](https://github.com/aau-giraf/web-api/commit/72729a742881417458003e7ea7dc37101c67235e)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 11:12:31 by HowToYEET

added some changes to make it work.... hate my life....

---
## [Puchis/Gregorio-Gragas-Computer-Repair](https://github.com/Puchis/Gregorio-Gragas-Computer-Repair)@[7bf9324904...](https://github.com/Puchis/Gregorio-Gragas-Computer-Repair/commit/7bf9324904089079640876b0f41bf6b5bb489722)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 12:17:29 by NatsukiAza

TriKool WE OFF THE GRID TriKool

Yeah
Boy
What?
We off the grid, grid, grid
This for my kid, kid, kid
For when my kid, kid, kids have kids
Everything we did for the crib
Everything we did, how we live
All this smoke got a scent
All that smoke kept a scent
Everything I spoke, what I meant
Never disguise my intent
Lines outside the event
Brought my life out the trench
God, thank God
Look what He did, did, did, did, did, did
We off the grid, grid, grid, grid, grid
What?
We off the grid, grid, grid, grid
I'm off the grid (homicide, homicide, what?)
Got tats on my ribs (ah), tattoos on my ribs (what?)
I just tatted my kid, Onyx (slatt)
I just threw twenty, count it, we was at Onyx (ah, what?)
I just bought me some brand new clothes, Dover Street Market (Givenchy)
Ayy, we just took the route to Charlotte (ayy, ah)
I'm in the Rolls-Royce f- on what you call it? (Yeah, yeah)
I light a opp blunt and let your b- try it (ah)
Uh, I'm off the grid and wanna f- die (what?)
We off the grid, grid, grid
This for my kid, kid, kid, kid
Everything we did for the crib did here
Flexin' with the business trip
Going cray, take some G6
Lit lit, '76
He split this
We off the grid, grid, grid
Yeah, look, when I was in jail, I was lowkey (uh)
Shoutout the supporters that wrote me
Eat food, work out and then go sleep
You know I'm prayin', he carryin' both feet (yeah)
Know we got God with us (got God with us)
You look at me and see a God figure (uh)
And when I start vibin', I know that He with me
And I'ma always catch a hard shiver (uh)
I know it's demons in that dark liquor (uh)
We buy a bottle and squash with ya (uh)
Everybody turn into a harsh n-
But my pockets bigger and my heart richer (uh)
My mind smarter, my grind harder (skrr)
And my car quicker (skrrt)
I met her in church, she pray for me
She my God-sister (God-sister), yeah
I'm only trustin' the people I keep close
N- sellin' they soul for a repost
Remember when I was broke, wearin' cheap coats
Now it's diamonds and houses and C notes (uh)
I'm feelin' marvelous (I'm feelin' marvelous)
Who let the monster loose? (Who let the monster loose?)
They call me a product of my environment (uh)
I tell them "Nah, I'm what God-produced" (baow)
Defense good, and them guards can shoot (baow)
I put 'em on you, it get hard to move
Tattoo in my face is the mark of truth
Gotta watch what you say when they market you (huh)
I already predicted this (I already predicted this)
Y'all only witnessed it (y'all only witnessed it)
Look, got a couple old friends that I'm not really clickin' with
I know they pray that we settle our differences
I pray that they lower all my n- sentences
I got some demons I'm not even dealin' with
They in they feelings, I'm not really feelin' it
And I know some members that gave back they membership
You switched up, huh, like how you not feelin' me?
Look, I act like I care, but I don't really care
Now I live in a new buildin' with amenities
I got a new ceilin' with a chimney
I got a few n- wanna finish me
I don't get too friendly with the enemy
You gotta move different, when you in the industry, woo, yeah
You gotta move different, when you in the industry, ha
You gotta move different, when you in the, look
God blessed me with amazing grace (uh)
She fell in love with my day-to-day (uh)
I just want my problems to fade away (uh)
Man, I'm tired of n-, I need Gatorade
Boy, I got on my feet and I made a name
And I made it a necklace, huh
When you from the bottom and you work your hardest
To get the top, then they gotta respect it
If you got a voice, then you gotta project it
If you got a wrong, then you gotta correct it
If you got a name, you gotta protect it
If you give me shock, then you gotta electric
Tryna live a new life, so I got a new plan
That I gotta finesse with (look, yeah)
'Cause they want me to lose, that ain't part of the rules
I be tryin' so hard not to move reckless
We off the grid, grid, grid
This for my kid, kid, kid, kid
Everything we did for the crib did here
Flexin' with the business trip
Going cray, take some G6
Lit lit, '76
He split lids, then ask for shade, tsk-tsk-tsk
Take this trip, trip, trip, this, this
This, this, this, this
You all still lit, lit, lit
I'm off the grid, grid, grid, grid
Off the grid, grid, grid, grid
First it go viral, then they get digital
Then they get critical, no, I'm not doin' no interview
Mask on my face, you can't see what I'm finna do
Had to move away from people that's miserable
Don't wanna link you, I ain't finna sit with you
Ain't finna talk to you, ain't finna get with you
Don't get me mad just 'cause I don't wanna injure you
She put my paintings inside of her living room
Look at the problems and issues I'm livin' through
They tryna drown me, I rise to my pinnacle
Walked through the block like the neighborhood general
Drop me the low and then that's where I'll send it to
I was forgettin' you, now I remember, now I remember
Did what I want, and I say what I want
And I thought you was with me, like how you get sensitive?
I got this God power, that's my leverages
I got this Holy Water, that's my beverages
I gotta help myself out of selfishness
I just bought a floor out of Selfridges
I gotta make sure they know who they messin' with
I gotta tell 'em sorry, they too delicate
I gotta stay with God where the blessings is
I ain't deliverin' Heavenly messages just for the hell of it
Don't try to test me
I keep it clean, but it could get messy
I talk to God everyday, that's my bestie
They playin' soccer in my backyard, I think I see Messi
And this money could never neglect me
I pray that my family, they never resent me
And she fell in love with me as soon she met me
We both got a bag but my bag is more heavy
We have to start countin', it's gettin' too petty
You not a real stepper, you can't overstep me
Just sit back and listen and watch how He bless me
He wait 'til I fall and then pull up and catch me
Your check is too small, you can't run up and check me
Nah, nah, I get 'em fast, see
You feel a way, then go pull up and get me
Might do somethin' wild if I feel like you press me
Nah, I get 'em fast, see
You feel a way, then go pull up and get me
Might do somethin' wild if I feel like you press me
We off the grid, grid, grid
This for my kid, kid, kid
For when my kid, kid, kids have kids
Everything we did for the crib
Pray for what folks and them did
Only thing we pray God forgive-give-give
May God forbid-bid-bid
They hit one of the kid, kid, kids
Took off His list, list, list
Look what they did, did, did
Pray for the crib, crib, crib
Some say A-A-Adam could never be bla-a-ack
'Cause a black man'll never share his rib, rib, rib, rib, rib, rib

---
## [Ismael-KG/A-History-of-Research-Ethics](https://github.com/Ismael-KG/A-History-of-Research-Ethics)@[dedf8c6a22...](https://github.com/Ismael-KG/A-History-of-Research-Ethics/commit/dedf8c6a229d8cd9164ba14253809c6217db5c79)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 14:03:44 by Ismael-KG

Create CE 1782 Princess Dashkova.md

As per #19 :

### Elevator Pitch
Might she be the first woman to found a modern science academy? In 1782, she was appointed to direct the Petersburg Academy of Arts and Sciences, and then became the first president of the Russian Academy (The Editors of the Encyclopaedia Britannica, [n.d.](https://www.britannica.com/biography/Yekaterina-Romanovna-Vorontsova-Knyaginya-Dashkova)). Later, in 1789, she became the first female member of both the German Leopoldina (Leopoldina.org, [n.d.](https://www.leopoldina.org/en/about-us/about-the-leopoldina/history/the-history-of-the-leopoldina/the-academys-nomadic-years/)) and the American Philosophical Society (Woronzoff-Dashkoff, [1996](https://www.jstor.org/stable/987316)).
### Justification
I am not seeing references to her being a scientist, so her joining science academies might be a sign of increased interest on the part of these academies to engage with "policy makers" and/or non-scientists ("lay persons," if you will).
### Unformed Thoughts
Still a stab in the dark, I only found her name from writing on the Leopoldina. I might need to go through the other three scientific institutes to see when they first had women join.

---
## [Fiskum/NikkoChap2](https://github.com/Fiskum/NikkoChap2)@[a24c813e23...](https://github.com/Fiskum/NikkoChap2/commit/a24c813e231c4973533a9e744d041f8d3367e2f2)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 14:25:51 by Daniel Wood

Like a best friend you'd have for life. It is girlfriend material, yes.

---
## [udf/dotfiles-stow](https://github.com/udf/dotfiles-stow)@[bedc949f64...](https://github.com/udf/dotfiles-stow/commit/bedc949f64e702e01ba89b30e785d6c47fe20e02)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 15:23:07 by udf

Fuck you, you fucking retards

https://gitlab.freedesktop.org/xorg/xserver/-/commit/05b3c681ea2f478c0cb941c2f8279919cf78de6d

---
## [Lagi7/war1gus](https://github.com/Lagi7/war1gus)@[0135ee2c63...](https://github.com/Lagi7/war1gus/commit/0135ee2c63bf8be39a2480de559e98fec9d9e619)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 15:28:27 by Lagi7

fix speed upgrade knights, fix wizards CTD summon

add knight and rider stats  after speed upgrade

with disabled
SetUnitVariable(caster, "Mana", 0)

warclock and conjurer are working properly and are not CTD when the Elemental or Deamon are killed (when they are wizard stay in meditation state, and when you click cancel game CTD).


P.S.
your balancing changes are brilliant, and make Warcraft1 a much better game. im not sure why bother keeping the vanilla values? so player can experience how awfully OP were catapults or demons spam?

---
## [drewpendergrass/CHEEREIO](https://github.com/drewpendergrass/CHEEREIO)@[3688a2b698...](https://github.com/drewpendergrass/CHEEREIO/commit/3688a2b69882d6dc2d078ce9a7fe4c0fe8a18175)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 15:48:06 by drewpendergrass

well ill switch to TWO FUCKN DAYS then stupid ass cannon

---
## [drewpendergrass/CHEEREIO](https://github.com/drewpendergrass/CHEEREIO)@[526296bfb0...](https://github.com/drewpendergrass/CHEEREIO/commit/526296bfb0b071af3c3913df2b782e9773ede0f4)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 16:21:21 by drewpendergrass

well ill switch to ONE FUCKN DAY then stupid ass cannon

---
## [petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo)@[c9f1ecec3b...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo/commit/c9f1ecec3bcd6c80b59f411d2dc5c963778d016d)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 16:27:23 by petrero

42.1. Automatically Redirect Ajax Calls to /login

  All sites that loads things via Ajax have one annoying problem: what happens if the user gets logged out due to inactivity? Obviously if the user gets logged out and clicks a link to navigate the whole page, that's no problem. They'll get redirected to the login page.

  But go to a product page and scroll down to the review section. Pretend that I stop right here, go home for the day, eat a delicious dinner, watch Mystery Science Theater 3000 and come back to my computer tomorrow. During that time, my session has timed out. What would happen if I tried to submit this form - which submits into a turbo-frame - without refreshing first?

  Well... let's try it! I'm going to imitate this situation by opening the site in a new tab... and logging out. Back over in the first tab, clear the network requests and submit. Uh, that was weird.

  In the network tools, you can see that it did submit to the reviews page. But then, because I'm not logged in, it redirected to the login page. In the console, we see our favorite error:

    response has no matching <turbo-frame id="product-review"> element.

  That makes sense! The Ajax request redirected to the login page. And so, the frame system followed that redirect and then looked for a product-review <turbo-frame> on that page... which it obviously doesn't have.

  So the user experience here is... not so great. But for any frames that have our data-turbo-form-redirect attribute, this problem is already fixed thanks to the system we just built!

  Check it out. Refresh... log back in and head to the admin section. Remember: this modal does have that attribute on it. So I'm going to repeat our experiment. In the other tab, refresh, then log out. Back on the first tab, when we open the modal, the <turbo-frame> will try to make a request to a page that requires authentication. When we try it... awesome! It redirected the entire page to /login! That's perfect!

  Wrapping the Redirect Response to /login
  - So this problem is fixed in some places... but not everywhere. But we can make this work everywhere.

  In TurboFrameRedirectSubscriber, look at shouldWrapRedirect(). Let's think: if this response is a redirect to the login page and if the request is happening inside a <turbo-frame>, then we definitely know that we want to wrap the redirect so that our JavaScript redirects the whole page.

  Start by checking to see if not $request->headers->get('Turbo-Frame'). In this case, return false. Adding this check was redundant before... because if you have the Turbo-Frame-Redirect header then you definitely have this one. But now it's going to help us detect if we're in a frame and if the response is redirecting to the login page.

  Grab the redirect location by saying $location = $response->headers->get('Location'). Instead of checking to see if this equals /login, let's be fancier and use the URL generator.

  At the top of the class, add a __construct() function with a UrlGeneratorInterface argument... which is just a more hipster way to get the router service. I'll hit Alt + Enter and go to "Initialize properties" to create that property and set it.

  Back down in the method, if  is equal to $this->urlGenerator->generate(), passing this the name of our login route - app_login - then return true.

  That's it! If the response is a redirect... and the request is happening inside of a frame... and we're redirecting to the login page... then that's a problem. That's going to break the frame. And so, we'll wrap the redirect with our fake redirect so that our JavaScript can navigate things.

  Testing time! Log back in... go back to a product page, scroll down to the reviews, and then, in the other tab, refresh and log out.

  Back in tab number 1, try to submit the review form. Beautiful! We are smoothly redirected to the login page! This problem just got solved for any <turbo-frame> on our site.

  Okay team! Enough with turbo frames! It's time to dive into part 3 of Turbo: Turbo Streams. This feature is probably the smallest of the three, but also the most fun to work with.

---
## [petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo)@[85a937aea5...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfonycasts-symfony-turbo/commit/85a937aea5c4fbacb11adb4ef5447ef6fe247edf)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 16:27:23 by petrero

50.1. Mercure Hub's JWT Authorization

  Can anyone publish a message to any topic on a Mercure hub? Definitely not. So how does the Mercure Hub know that we are allowed to publish this message? It's entirely thanks to this long string that we're passing to the Authorization header.

  Where does this come from? It turns out, it's a JSON web token. Copy that huge string... then head over to jwt.io: a lovely site for working with JSON web tokens - or JWT's. If you're familiar with how JWT's work, awesome. If not, here's a little primer.

  A JWT + Mercure Primer
  - Scroll down a bit to find a JWT editor. Paste in the encoded token. So this weird string here can actually be decoded to this JSON. And... you don't need a secret key to do it: the long string is basically just a base64 encoded version of this JSON. Anyone can turn this string into this JSON.

  So when we send this long string to the server, what we're really sending is this JSON data. For us, the subscribe part isn't important... and neither is the payload. But the publish part is important. This basically says:

  Hi Mercure Hub! Guess what! I have permission to publish to any topic. Cool, huh?

  Ok... but why does the Mercure server trust this? Can't anyone create a JSON web token that claims that they can publish to all topics? Yea! But those wouldn't be signed correctly unless they have the "secret".

  When you run a Mercure Hub, you give it a "secret" value... which, by default - and for our Mercure Hub - is ! ChangeMe ./bin/console make:migration This is the value that you see in our .env file.

  Back over on jwt.io, look at the bottom. It says "invalid signature". When a JWT is created, it's signed by a secret key. When someone uses a JWT, after decoding it - which anyone can do - they are then supposed to verify the signature of the token. Right now, it's trying to verify the signature of our JWT... but using the wrong secret. If we paste in our real secret instead... it's verified!

  This can... be a bit technical. The point is this: in order to generate a JWT that will have a valid signature, you need the secret. And while anyone can read a JWT, if you mess around with its contents, the signature will fail. That's why the Mercure Hub trusts us when we send a JWT that says we can publish to any topic: the signature of our message is valid. That means it was generated by someone who has the secret key.

  Check this out: let's regenerate this JWT using the same "payload" but signed using the wrong secret... something a bad user might try to do. Copy the new JWT... update the curl command in our scratchpad... copy the whole command... and paste it into the terminal. Hit enter. Unauthorized! The Mercure Hub can totally read the JSON in this message, but it sees that the signature failed and does not publish the message.

  Change back to our old key in the scratch pad. And at the browser, use the correct secret: ! ChangeMe ./bin/console make:migration

  Simplifying the Payload
  - To simplify things, change the payload to just the part we need. So remove the subscribe part - we're not trying to get access to subscribe to anything - and also remove payload. This is all we really need: some JSON that claims that we can publish to any topic signed with the correct secret. If you ever need to create a JWT by hand, this is how you do it: create the JSON you want and have something - like this site - sign it with your secret.

  Copy the new, shorter JWT... and paste it in our scratchpad. Copy the entire command, paste it at your terminal and... yes! It works! In our browser, the listening tab shows a second message.

  Publishing a Turbo Stream
  - Enough about authorization & JWT. In the real world, as long as we have the correct MERCURE_SECRET configured in our app, all of this will be handled automatically thanks to the Mercure PHP library. Internally, it will use the secret to generate the signed JWT for us.

  But before we start publishing messages from our code, let's look closer at the data POST parameter. So far, we've been sending JSON. And, in theory, we could write some JavaScript that listens to this topic and does something with that JSON. But remember: the turbo_stream_listen() function activates a Stimulus controller that is already listening to this topic. It's listening and waiting for a message whose data isn't JSON, but <turbo-stream> HTML.

  Check it out: over in our scratch pad, instead of setting the data to JSON, I'll paste in a turbo stream. It's a little ugly because it's all on one line, but it's valid: action="update" target="product-quick-stats" with some dummy content inside.

  Let's first see if this message shows up inside our browser tab. Oh! It actually stopped listening. It probably hit a listening timeout - that's something you can configure or disable in Mercure. I'll refresh.

  Now, go copy the command... find your terminal, paste, hit enter... and head back to the browser. No surprise: here's our message with the Turbo Stream HTML. But the really cool thing is back on our site. Scroll up. Yes! It updated the quick stats area! As soon as we published the message, the JavaScript from the Stimulus controller saw the message and passed the turbo-stream HTML to the stream-processing system. That's so cool.

  Of course, we aren't normally going to publish via the command line & curl: we're going to publish messages via PHP... which is way easier. Let's do that next.

---
## [wight554/android_device_xiaomi_surya](https://github.com/wight554/android_device_xiaomi_surya)@[fee745362e...](https://github.com/wight554/android_device_xiaomi_surya/commit/fee745362e9ee8dc12d90f20ae0058ba0c9fa61a)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 16:31:26 by Volodymyr Zhdanov

surya: reserve less system/product space for gapps builds

* we just want to have a bit to flash some basic stuffs and do some replacements
* also fuck you @Demon000

---
## [luca-borletti/tiempo](https://github.com/luca-borletti/tiempo)@[f5f5272176...](https://github.com/luca-borletti/tiempo/commit/f5f5272176d6a2567e2fb5c78deef19416dd2e8b)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 18:41:29 by Luca Borletti

holy shit just changed mouseMovedDelay in cmu_112_graphics and it is fucking beautiful; also added extensive testing of mouseMoved/mouseDragged capabilities that led to that discovery

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[67d1f57917...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/67d1f57917c10df3e0ad7b43b547fa94a736f35d)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 20:04:19 by Marko Grdinić

"12:10pm. Shit. Not only did I go to bed at 2am, but I also started thinking intensely at that time instead of falling asleep as I should. This is why I slept in so late.

12:45pm. Done with chores. Let me eat and I'll start right away.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msWv0Tp9L1E
Gradients and Shading Tutorial - Erik Fox-Jackson

Let me watch this while I eat.

1:55pm. Let me finally start. Let me focus on the task at hand. Time to finish that course.

2:05pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/qre2vo/r_gradients_are_not_all_you_need/

I'll leave this for later. Focus me.

https://youtu.be/C8s0-K8JH14?list=PLL7eX0No1f9nxLq_YIRD7QgugK95fn_wl&t=336

Sigh, this course would be a lot easier to follow if he showed the damn cursor.

https://youtu.be/ABBbcT1ai50?list=PLL7eX0No1f9nxLq_YIRD7QgugK95fn_wl
92 Break the Rules

Almost done with the course.

2:45pm. Done watching the lectures.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oQrXNS92EM
★ The Scholar - full sketching, Inking and painting process // mixed media illustration

Before I try this, let me check out some Adobe Illustrator painting tutorials.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IdkU8v53FYE
Time Lapse Adobe Illustrator : cat watercolor painting

https://youtu.be/IdkU8v53FYE?t=308

You could never tell this was made in Illustrator. Quite impressive.

https://youtu.be/x62G0twm2Mg
Painting Bewitching Syndra - League of Legends Splash Art Halloween

I'll leave this for later.

Let me check out more painting in Illustrator.

Let me play around a bit in Illustrator. Can I get pressure sensitive line width in it?

3:05pm. Nope. Then I should just leave Illustrator aside. It is not like my art has to be vector art. Forget it. I thought I could evolve the style in this direction, but I'll pursue a more traditional approach. Maybe vectors will get their time to shine in the era of direct mind-machine interfaces. Right now I should pick whatever get the job done the fastest. It would be different if I could see somebody whose style I really wanted to immitate, but I do not want to spend time trying to break new ground in this direction only to fail.

Now what is the next step?

Let me check out some more vids and then I will try something myself. Let me skim that last vid.

https://youtu.be/x62G0twm2Mg?t=214

Oh what is this. There is some 3d stuff here. Ah, it is in Maya.

3:25pm. https://youtu.be/x62G0twm2Mg?t=909

Honestly, at this point I'd say it is already good enough. To think this is just the first quarter.

3:30pm. Pretty interesting, but let me not spend my whole time watching it. Let me check out that other vid.

https://youtu.be/8oQrXNS92EM
★ The Scholar - full sketching, Inking and painting process // mixed media illustration

This one I mean. Let me check it out.

https://youtu.be/8oQrXNS92EM?t=248

Being able to erase things easily is a huge advantage of digital.

Yesterday I said I might not be able to correct thing while painting, but this not true. I can just use the underlying color to carve things out. It won't be a problem.

https://youtu.be/8oQrXNS92EM?t=484
> This is why digital art can be quite a bit faster.

She says as much herself.

https://youtu.be/8oQrXNS92EM?t=1169

So this is how the shading for this is done. Interesting. It looks quite good.

Good thing I am doing digital because I'd make a mess personally.

4:10pm. Ok, enough tutorials. It is time to do some drawing. I'll experiment with paint brushes. Let me start by drawing some shaperes and boxes and shading them.

4:10pm. Painting a circle and then accurately filling it in using circular strokes is honestly beyond my ability.

https://youtu.be/u1yy6_lIJf4
A Beginner’s Guide to Gouache Painting: Tools, Blending Techniques, and More

I picked this brush for no real reason, but maybe I should get something else.

4:30pm. With water colors it is possible to blend. Not so with gouache. There are all these brushes, I have no idea which one I should use.

https://youtu.be/bzqbLyhIO48
FIRST TIME Trying GOUACHE!... What's Gouache?!

4:35pm. Meh, it does not tell me much.

https://youtu.be/mi62WC9LqZA
Painting Skin Tones

5:10pm. Let me take a break and I will watch the above. I am just experimenting with shades and different brushes right now. But I haven't really settled on how I should paint.

https://youtu.be/mi62WC9LqZA?t=365

Sigh, I wish I knew which brush to pick. Why is that giving me trouble of all the things?

https://youtu.be/lrkemVZwuz0

Sigh, can't I just use the default brushes?

https://youtu.be/lrkemVZwuz0?t=528

Ah, I had no idea that the regular tool would just blur from its place of origin.

https://youtu.be/lrkemVZwuz0?t=549

I was wondering about the brush blending. Sinix talked about that, and I am wondering where that is. The watercolor brush has some blending, but most of them don't.

6pm. https://youtu.be/lrkemVZwuz0?t=720

I really would like to do coloring in illustrator, but I do not know how to do hard edges with freeform gradients. It has the smooth edges down. Let me experiment with it a little.

https://www.deke.com/content/freeform-gradients-in-illustrator-cc-2019

Oh, it is possible to get hard edges with it. How could that be done.

Oh, is it the same like in Blender with the roll cuts? It seems so.

7:20pm. Done with lunch. I am playing with freeform gradients, and they are great. You could definitely do all your shading in them and the results would be good. Though I am not sure if they would be better than regular color blending. I need to think about this more.

Why did CSP have to do this so complicated.

https://youtu.be/lrkemVZwuz0
[TUTORIAL] What BRUSHES Do I Use for Clip Studio Paint? - Brush Tutorial

Let me finish this totorial that I am 2/3rds in. I had some time to think about what I would want in brushes and I am going to eliminate various brushes which give a stilized look. What is the most generic brush I can find? That is what I should be using. I should do some research in finding a brush of the kind Sinix recommended in CSP.

Then I should figure out how he configured the blend tool to get the directionality.

At that point I'll have everything I need to do my coloring and painting.

8:30pm. I am practicing blending and it harder than it seems.

8:45pm. https://youtu.be/ocKanI79-sU?t=134
Easy Lighting/Shading Tutorial for Beginners [ On Clip Studio Paint]

I'll leave this for tomorrow. I've really expected a tutotiral that sort of walks me through how to use the Blender tool, but what I am getting are custom brushes everywhere. Messing with the gradient points in the illustrator was a pain in the ass at first glance, but I got that done right away whereas here I seem to be running into trouble. It seems everybody has his own way of doing it.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=clip+studio+paint+blending

Well, there a bunch I haven't checked out. Right now I am just too tired to continue.

With the gradient tool in the Illustrator it a piece of cake to get smooth and hard edges. On the other hand, I am missing line width.

https://youtu.be/yA9j0F4Z8bg?t=98

Oh, it is possible to create a pressure sensitive brush.

9pm. I need to keep in mind that I am here to muck about with paint, but to develop a method that gives the best possible results in the shortest amount of time possible. There are plenty of artists out there better than me, but their skill does nothing for me. Who knows what their actual efficiency is. They can't all have the optimal method."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[fa3dd5c621...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/fa3dd5c62136a16b35b934bfd255c6873ec58bcf)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 20:38:12 by Marko Grdinić

"9:15pm. https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.05803
Gradients are Not All You Need

> The resulting loss surface of such stochastic systems are thus “smoothed” by this stochasticity and, depending on the type of randomness, this could result in better behaved loss functions (e.g. smoother, meaning the true gradient has a smaller norm), but due to the nature of how the reparameterized gradients are estimated – taking products of sequences of state Jacobian matrices – this can result in extremely high gradient norms. In some cases, throwing out the fact that the underlying system is differentiable and using black box methods to estimate the same gradient can result in a better estimate of the exact same gradient [Parmas et al., 2018, Metz et al., 2019]!

Maybe I should have gone with genetic algos for my RL agent.

> When averaging over gradient samples we can reduce variance as 1/√N where N is the number of samples, but this quickly computationally infeasible as gradients norm can grow exponentially!

> Another common technique to train in the precesses of exploding gradients is gradient clipping Pascanu et al. [2013]. Instead of taking the true gradients, one can train using gradients clipped in some way. This has proven to be of use in a variety of domains[Kaiser and Sutskever, 2015, Merity et al., 2017, Gehring et al., 2017] but will not fix all problems. As before, this calculation of the gradient is biased. To demonstrate this, we took the same Ant policy and sweep learning rate and gradient clipping strength. We found no setting which results in positive performance and thus omitted the plot.

Grad clipping is not that different from signSGD.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/qre2vo/r_gradients_are_not_all_you_need/

///

My opinion had always been that if you have gradients, you should obviously use them, and that black box methods and evolutionary algorithms are really for situations where you don't have a readily available gradient. But the authors make a convincing argument that it's not so simple. The intuition behind Figure 1 makes the point really clear.

I really like this sort of paper that gives you a new fundamental insight!

///

Maybe I made a mistake not tossing them out outright. I admit, just doing that never occured to me. But ultimately no, that would have been a too desperate of a move for me to stomach. I can find ways of spending my time.

It should be possible to go beyond backprop rather than backwards into evolutionary algorithms.

Maybe we have it wrong. Maybe we have to come up with the right model, and then specify an optimization procedure specifically for that model. If you have a matrix multiply composed with some nonlinearity, of course then backprop is the only tool for the job. But there should be something more principled rather than random math ops.

If I only had some hint as to what that could be."

---
## [ErKashish09/DAA-Lab](https://github.com/ErKashish09/DAA-Lab)@[f31f2f573a...](https://github.com/ErKashish09/DAA-Lab/commit/f31f2f573ac670b2bd84608f2386b569579fb5f3)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 21:28:24 by ErKashish09

Create WEEK 7 (Question 1)

After end term examination, Akshay wants to party with his friends. All his friends are living as paying guest and it has been decided to first gather at Akshay’s house and then move towards party location. The problem is that no one knows the exact address of his house in the city. Akshay as a computer science wizard knows how to apply his theory subjects in his real life and came up with an amazing idea to help his friends. He draws a graph by looking in to location of his house and his friends’ location (as a node in the graph) on a map. He wishes to find out shortest distance and path covering that distance from each of his friend’s location to his house and then whatsapp them this path so that they can reach his house in minimum time. Akshay has developed the program that implements Dijkstra’s algorithm but not sure about correctness of results. Can you also implement the same algorithm and verify the correctness of Akshay’s results? (Hint: Print shortest path and distance from friends’ location to Akshay’s house)

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[bfa1542009...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/bfa1542009aa7fecbe0e50aef9561b49a4874448)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 22:04:05 by Cimika/Lessie/KathyRyals

Felinids don't like getting sprayed with water. (#59506)

This PR is an ode to @Ryll-Ryll, who inspired me to try and find fun, silly things to PR to try and make people smile.
About The Pull Request

Felinids now get a SMALL and SHORT mood debuff when getting sprayed with water. The intent of this PR is not to provide content to grief felinid (flashback to the "Felinids hate water" pr), but rather to provide a funny interaction.

Bonus point (Suggested by Ninja) : Getting sprayed with water interrupts do_after. Felinid climbing on your table ? Pssshttt. Straight in the face.

PR with permission from @ninjanomnom
Why It's Good For The Game

Light-hearted fun and a bit of flavour to felinids.
Changelog

cl
add: Felinids don't like getting sprayed with water.
code: Adds a new status effect, incapacitated, which causes your do_afters to stop.
/cl

---
## [space-wizards/space-station-14](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14)@[457e8c64ee...](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/commit/457e8c64eea58b444296637531bab0acffc21e01)
#### Thursday 2021-11-11 23:10:59 by mirrorcult

Convert StomachBehavior to a component/system + rejig body namespaces (#5249)

* Convert StomachBehavior to a component/system + rejig body namespaces

* test

* slightly more namespace changes

* remove

* Hello?????

* fuck you github test runner

* reviews

* oobsy!

---

# [<](2021-11-10.md) 2021-11-11 [>](2021-11-12.md)

