# [<](2021-11-02.md) 2021-11-03 [>](2021-11-04.md)

3,321,732 events, 1,679,266 push events, 2,601,300 commit messages, 203,801,083 characters


## [swordcube/sword-engine](https://github.com/swordcube/sword-engine)@[3965408d57...](https://github.com/swordcube/sword-engine/commit/3965408d5731fc65ecc84aa1109c88be81b44869)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 00:47:34 by swordcube

try to revert bob and bosip note skin shit

why does this shit hate windows so god damn much

---
## [BlockstringTheory/API-FETCH](https://github.com/BlockstringTheory/API-FETCH)@[df5b8c268c...](https://github.com/BlockstringTheory/API-FETCH/commit/df5b8c268c7cd8fe6c2720637fb947089f8d21ff)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 02:15:10 by Yall know me

Add files via upload

These are the files. Fuck you want me to say lmao

---
## [emclinks/Emily_Clinkscales_JohnLemonTutorial](https://github.com/emclinks/Emily_Clinkscales_JohnLemonTutorial)@[e2560d4de6...](https://github.com/emclinks/Emily_Clinkscales_JohnLemonTutorial/commit/e2560d4de6a70e8b00bf59a24f71af4641c0ffc8)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 06:06:29 by Emily Clinkscales

Pain

Bro we crying and struggling through rigging the damn Johnny character. I understand why animators in panels say "you have to hate yourself to be an animator".

---
## [denzkie18/FLightNovel](https://github.com/denzkie18/FLightNovel)@[a97d6e5ef9...](https://github.com/denzkie18/FLightNovel/commit/a97d6e5ef9aa47ea0705c6fba8cffd2d62b25174)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 07:38:29 by denzkie18

FNovels - Free Light Novels

Hello everyone. I just wanted to share my work to you.
I did make a website that can take your interest specially if you love reading Light Novels because this page stored a lot of Light Novels that you can download for free.

New Light Novels and popular one's are here. This page does not contain advertisements so that anyone can explore and use this site more easy. Find your favorite or suggest it to us direct message or in our discord server if you can't seem to find it .

If you facing any problems, just message us here or in discord server.

Official Sites:
FNovels: https://flnovels.ml
Discord Server: https://discord.gg/9BzwCcMx

🔰Added Light Novel Series
  
✔ Solo Leveling
✔The Beginning After The End - Volume 01
✔My Next Life As A Villainess: All Routes Lead To Dom! - Volume 10
✔A Late-Start Tamer’s Laid-Back Life
✔Anohana
✔I Met You After The End Of The World
✔In Another World With My Smartphone
✔Konosuba: God's Blessing On This Wonderful World - Volume 15
✔Reincarnated As The Last Of My Kind - Volume 03
✔Return From Death
✔The Rising Of The Shield Hero - Volume 21
✔The Detective Is Already Dead - Volume 02

*All have PDF and EPUB file

⚛ I will keep uploading more as soon as I can. Please stay tune.
♻Thank you for using my website.

---
## [ericjuni/Junioreric.github](https://github.com/ericjuni/Junioreric.github)@[b0e56d438e...](https://github.com/ericjuni/Junioreric.github/commit/b0e56d438e4a3eb046c2110f7700ab48a6570efc)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 08:41:21 by ericjuni

Create Domestic violence

Menu
Domestic violence
Domestic violence (also named domestic abuse or family violence) is violence or other abuse in a domestic setting, such as in marriage or cohabitation. Domestic violence is often used as a synonym for intimate partner violence, which is committed by one of the people in an intimate relationship against the other person, and can take place in heterosexual or same-sex relationships or between former spouses or partners. In its broadest sense, domestic violence also involves violence against children, parents, or the elderly. It takes multiple forms, including physical, verbal, emotional, economic, religious, reproductive, and sexual abuse, which can range from subtle, coercive forms to marital rape and to violent physical abuse such as choking, beating, female genital mutilation, and acid throwing that results in disfigurement or death. Domestic murders include stoning, bride burning, honor killing, and dowry death (which sometimes involve non-cohabitating family members).
Domestic violence
Other names	Domestic abuse, family violence

A purple ribbon is used to promote awareness of domestic violence
Globally, the victims of domestic violence are overwhelmingly women, and women tend to experience more severe forms of violence.[1][2] They are also likelier than men to use intimate partner violence in self-defense.[3] In some countries, domestic violence may be seen as justified or legally permitted, particularly in cases of actual or suspected infidelity on the part of the woman. Research has established that there exists a direct and significant correlation between a country's level of gender equality and rates of domestic violence, where countries with less gender equality experience higher rates of domestic violence.[4] Domestic violence is among the most underreported crimes worldwide for both men and women.[5][6] Due to social stigmas regarding male victimization, men who are victims of domestic violence face an increased likelihood of being overlooked by healthcare providers.[7][8][9][10]
Domestic violence often occurs when the abuser believes that abuse is an entitlement, acceptable, justified, or unlikely to be reported. It may produce an intergenerational cycle of violence in children and other family members, who may feel that such violence is acceptable or condoned. Many people do not recognize themselves as abusers or victims because they may consider their experiences as family conflicts that got out of control.[11] Awareness, perception, definition and documentation of domestic violence differs widely from country to country. Domestic violence often happens in the context of forced or child marriage.[12]
In abusive relationships, there may be a cycle of abuse during which tensions rise and an act of violence is committed, followed by a period of reconciliation and calm. The victims may be trapped in domestically violent situations through isolation, power and control, traumatic bonding to the abuser,[13] cultural acceptance, lack of financial resources, fear, shame, or to protect children. As a result of abuse, victims may experience physical disabilities, dysregulated aggression, chronic health problems, mental illness, limited finances, and a poor ability to create healthy relationships. Victims may experience severe psychological disorders, such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Children who live in a household with violence often show psychological problems from an early age, such as avoidance, hypervigilance to threats, and dysregulated aggression which may contribute to vicarious traumatization.[14]
Etymology and definitions
The first known use of the term domestic violence in a modern context, meaning violence in the home, was in an address to the Parliament of the United Kingdom by Jack Ashley in 1973.[15][16] The term previously referred primarily to civil unrest, violence from within a country as opposed to violence perpetrated by a foreign power.[17][18][nb 1]
Traditionally, domestic violence (DV) was mostly associated with physical violence. Terms such as wife abuse,

---
## [putzfrau/putzfrau](https://github.com/putzfrau/putzfrau)@[3dcb83fb0c...](https://github.com/putzfrau/putzfrau/commit/3dcb83fb0ca144128ede61a61980e9acc15ad5a5)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 10:36:33 by putzfrau

I listen to music and ... I write! I'm not interesting, I'm looking for interesting people!

I don't even really know if I fit into your forum, because I'm a loner, my conversation partners are almost exclusively the books. I would have liked to have heard a Tolstoy or Laxness at a reading, unfortunately for me, if it still exists, I cannot be reached. I don't know much about computers, they are only devices that I can use for writing, listening to music or reading reports, they are useful and necessary to me. I often read 6-10 books at once, I work at night, I hardly have any contact with other people, I didn't even have a cell phone until recently ... I tell you all this about the image of an absolutely uninteresting person to make clear. I often don't talk to anyone for weeks, even if only to have fun. My friends are either insane or very old. From some I learn what is still going on in reality, from others what diseases they are currently causing. Unfortunately, I am hypersensitive. Sometimes when I go into business I follow the poor, the faces of which are marked by hard work and I speak to you in silence, I share your loneliness with you ... I never get close to them ... out of fear or shame, me Do not know. Last winter, at the entrance to an abandoned shop, I saw a man who had set up a place to sleep there. It was cold outside, it was snowing and he stood there alone, wrapped in several rags, while people walked past him, deep in their own worry. When it got dark, I went back with a blanket and something to eat. I was afraid to bring him into my house because I'm afraid of everyone. I'm sure he was also afraid of people just like me, I saw this fear in his eyes and I recognized myself. My soul cried for him, my mind was ashamed of people, I was clumsy just like him, that's why I left quickly. At home I cried, not to be for him, but for someone. As a child, when I was allowed to accompany my father around town, he always prepared a Monede for me. It was for a beggar who stood in a corner of our street every day to earn some money. He only had one foot, but he supported it on the bridle where he had some protection from wind and rain. Shortly afterwards I learned myself how to live a person without protection. But I also knew that people shouldn't complain about suffering. It is part of being human. Sooner or later everyone learns this suffering. Today I am not worried about my own suffering, but the suffering of people who are looking for a refuge for the cold winter night ... I do not know whether they will still accept me in their forum after this confessional abuse, but I will certainly not suffer for that as because of the suffering of the street betller or the suffering of the lonely homeless man. MfG Putzfrau

---
## [hbenl/webreplay-devtools](https://github.com/hbenl/webreplay-devtools)@[0665dca68f...](https://github.com/hbenl/webreplay-devtools/commit/0665dca68f37452193cba97dde9fc5d1c5a0dd96)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 10:42:33 by Josh Morrow

Stop comments from flashing upon creation

Here's the shape of the problem this is solving:

- A user clicks a button to add a comment:
  - We create a `pendingComment` which has a constant, known ID of
    `PENDING`. It's okay that this is constant, because we only allow
    one pending reply per comment, and one pending comment overall (This
    might change in the near future, but we wouldn't need to change this
    too much, just use the generated ID like we do for the others).
  - That comment gets submitted, and we optimistically update the apollo
    cache with that comment, but we don't know any permanent attributes
    about it other than its content, which is not guaranteed to be
    unique. That means that anything we use as a key will get changed
    slightly between our optimistic version and the server-supplied
    version. For example, we might have `Jan 1, 01:01:01` as the
    timestamp on the client, but the server changes that to `Jan 1,
    01:01:05` because of a few seconds lost to round-tripping to the
    server, writing to the DB, etc. In order for the optimistic
    rendering not to flash, we need the key to remain stable across
    optimistic and confirmed updates.

This took a bit of creative thinking. I tried:

- Using `userId:createdAt` - this does not work, because we initially
  populate `createdAt` on the client, but the server overwrites that
  with its own `createdAt`, causing a flash.
- Using `index` - this *almost* works, except that we allow multiplayer
  comments, so that technically I could be working on reply 4, while
  some other user submits a new reply to that same comment, and now my
  client think I'm actually trying to compose reply 5 and all my work is
  smashed.
- Using `user:index` *mostly* gets around this, but there are still
  weird corner cases if the same user has multiple pending
  comments/replies in one or several clients.

What I realized is this: we don't have perfectly stable values, but we
have *almost* stable values, so as long as we worry about the order, and
not the exact time, it's all good. So now we `key` things by their
`userId:createdAt`, but we turn that into an index first. This works
because arrays of millisecond timestamps always produce the same order,
even if one changes a little during the optimistic update confirmation.
And if you're asking "yes, but why do you need userId"? The answer is
`because theoretically two users could create comments at the same time
and we would get indeterminate ordering`. And yes, that is unlikely, and
I'm a little paranoid, but it was barely any additional complexity. And,
sure, it's still *technically* possible to have a collision, but the
same user would have to get exactly the same timestamp, which seems so
unlikely as to be not worth considering.

Other things this fixes:
- Remove `PendingComment` and `PendingReply` types - the only thing
  these types omitted were `recordingId` and `user`, but those are
  actually two things that we *definitely* know when the comment is
  created, so there is no reason to omit them.
- Try to standardize how we create comments and replies, so that all
  fields are present at all times, from all creation paths. This is
  important because tiny differences in fields (like `null` vs.
  `undefined`) can cause the Apollo cache to hiccup silently and cause
  ugly flashes of the entire comment section.
- Comment out the `console.log` for `loadedRegions`. I assume this was
  left in because it was useful to somebody. It's really noisy sometimes
  in my console so I've commented it. If we want to put it behind a flag
  or something that's fine too.
- Move `githubLink` tests. I put these in the wrong spot, oops!

Closes https://github.com/RecordReplay/devtools/issues/4133

---
## [hbenl/webreplay-devtools](https://github.com/hbenl/webreplay-devtools)@[ab7c832cb2...](https://github.com/hbenl/webreplay-devtools/commit/ab7c832cb2e78c1f72cf4c13d9ca58dac487c860)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 10:42:33 by Josh Morrow

Simplify editor open and close states #4166

There are two primary changes in this PR, with more changes coming up,
which will be detailed at the end.

- There's a pretty long thread on discord about this, but basically the
  "always-open-when-paused", "auto-closing-on-blur" comment editors are
  _a lot_. They make the UI jumpy, and they make it _very_ easy to
  accidentally wipe out your comment by clicking on another comment
  either accidentally or on purpose (for example, to copy some text from
  it). The new strategy is:

- start with _all_ comment editors hidden
- When you click on a comment, open its corresponding reply box
- If you blur that comment box, and you haven't typed anything in it,
  allow it to close (this situation often occurs because someone is
  jumping around in the timeline by clicking on comments)
- If you blur that comment box, but you have written something in the
  reply box, then leave it open. This way, it's much harder to erase
  user input without warning.
- It's still possible to lose user input, by doing things like
  refreshing the page (I often accidentally close the tab when I
  actually mean to close a CodeMirror tab, for example), or even by
  switching from DevTools to Viewer mode or vice versa. It would be
  better to write partially composed comments to local storage, much how
  the GitHub editor does it (I think, idk, maybe they are posting drafts
  to the backend, but either way, they do a great job of never losing my
  long commit messages even if I accidentally navigate away from the tab
  where I am composing them).
- We also still smash pending new comments upon reply submission, but
  that's a bigger scope than this change, so it will be a follow-on
  task.

  - In the Replay browser, when you edit a comment, and your cursor is
    at the end of the line, typing a space and then any letter will
    result in the space you just typed getting deleted. I've spent a
    _long_ time tracking this bug down. I haven't _exactly_ found it,
    but I'm pretty sure that I have fixed it. A replay, with my
    commentary, is
    [here](https://app.replay.io/recording/cb56f8c8-6202-41d6-b537-3551abff45e1).
    I'm fairly certain that the interaction has to do with setting
    `focus` to the end of the line upon making an editor newly editable.
    This sets the selection manually from inside of TipTap, and it
    causes ProseMirror to think that we are adding a mark instead of
    typing text, which results in spaces getting replaced. This is not a
    perfect explanation, but there is a lot of code to sift through, and
    reproducing took a long time. Ironically, I took a break to fix some
    other UX things, and then realized that in the process I had fixed
    the bug. If, by some chance, I have lost my marbles and in fact this
    fix _does not_ fix the bug, we should just remove the `focus("end")`
    code, because slightly annoying UX is way better than this horrible
    typing bug that won't allow you to type spaces (it is _really_
    annoying).

- Stop comments from ever "flashing" upon submission! This is a much
  bigger task because it involves all of the various pathways that we
  use to add comments. I think I'm close to fixing all of them, but it's
  turned out to be large enough that we're going to get this in first
  separately (thanks @jasonLaster for keeping my eye on the ball on this
  one!)
- Store comment drafts in local storage (see above)
- Don't close pending new comments when replies are submitted

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5903784/138923908-af04b48a-8410-4c3e-94db-6998ec384870.mp4

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5903784/138923943-ffffcffa-c36a-415c-b3e8-031609522b10.mp4

---
## [weaveworks/flintlock](https://github.com/weaveworks/flintlock)@[7f6db2181c...](https://github.com/weaveworks/flintlock/commit/7f6db2181cba09225e26886d1ddc3e509957e86b)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 11:18:10 by Balazs Nadasdi

Ability to query older versions of a vmspec (#184)

I tried to come up with a proper solution to this, but all of them had
flaws.

== Options I found and explored their possibilities

1. Add a new version argument to the Get function.

That's just ugly as hell. I like the Options pattern. Much easier to
update without breaking 300 calls in the codebase.

2. Add a new function on the Repo.

It seems odd and I think it's unnecessary because Get can handle it.

3. Create a function only on the Containerd repo implementation.

That would require checks and casting everywhere we want to use it.

== Conclusion

I picked options 1, because it causes less pain not and long term.
It does not matter what content store we are using, it HAS to be able
to manage versions somehow, even if it's an external service, the
Repository implementation has to handle versions, without versions
we are are playing with a bag of venomous snakes without any kind of
antidote, maybe fun, but not safe.

Related to #66

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[a225544c46...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/a225544c467221915264ea58f3818a221d8b5eb5)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 11:46:12 by Marko Grdinić

"9:50am. I am up, let me chill a bit. Lately, I've been going to bed at 1am. It close at 6, play till fatigue gets too much and then go to bed. This is the life. Let me check out the link, how long till the tablet gets here?

10:25am. Let finally start.

10:30am. Focus me, stop looking at the Dohna Dohna section on Danbooru. Let me watch the first 10m of the Flycat body mesh video on slowmo. I feel like I got a grasp on sculpting somewhat, but his poly modeling work is simply enchanting. I cannot fault myself for wanting to get good at it.

10:40am. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=50

I need to keep in mind that I can drop down into sculpt mode just fine if it suits me.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=57

Why is he deleting the faces here? Ah, maybe they are just the inner ones?

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=100

I thought he would be poly modeling all the way through, but he is not moving much in edit mode. Instead he just puts a few loop cuts here and there and then moves them around in sculpt mode, mostly using the grab tool.

Was it like that for the elf loli character as well?

10:55am. I'll check it out later.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=150

His skill with the move tool is a sight to behold. If I could grasp this, I could attain something important.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=233

Let me pause here.

https://youtu.be/30JwZscxP5E
Sculpting A Character Using Grab Brush Only (Not Recommended ⚠)

Let me watch this just for a bit. I want to see if it has any tip for using the grab brush more effectively. After that I'll check out the elf again. I want to see if he does it mostly sculpting, because I seem to remember him doing a lot in edit mode.

Actually, doesn't he do Neeko without ever entering sculpt mode?

No, it is just a stupid timelapse. Nevermind.

https://youtu.be/LFW6iq74WpA?t=160

Let me start from here. Was my previous impression that he is just using proportional editing with move wrong?

https://youtu.be/LFW6iq74WpA?t=191

This seems to be his usual technique. Let me watch a few minutes of the video. Then I'll look at Neeko.

https://youtu.be/LFW6iq74WpA?t=208

I've seen enough. My brain really must not have been working right while I watched this previously. He is spending most of his time in sculpt mode. In edit mode he mostly lays down loop cuts and insets when he needs more edges.

Let me just take a look at the Neeko vid.

https://youtu.be/28AlRLMlqW8
Blender - Neeko 3D modeling without sculpting - Timelapse

https://youtu.be/28AlRLMlqW8?t=713

I am not interested in the head so let me start watching from here.

https://youtu.be/28AlRLMlqW8?t=721

Ah, this is different. Here he is selecting the vertices and moving them using prop editing.

https://youtu.be/28AlRLMlqW8?t=793

Here his technique is clearly different. He is doing it all in edit mode rather than a mix of sculpt and edit.

https://youtu.be/28AlRLMlqW8?t=794

Is he using the knife tool to make these extra edges? I saw him doing something like that earlier, but it is too fast for me to make out.

https://youtu.be/28AlRLMlqW8?t=798

Ah, I had not noticed, but he is working with the subdivision surface on.

11:35am. https://youtu.be/28AlRLMlqW8?t=856

Let me stop here. As usual I am full of admiration for his technique.

Let me do a little exercise. Let me take a jagged plane, and I will try to smooth it out using only the move tool. I'll use the inverse smoothing to make it rough and then try moving the points in place piece by piece. I want to arrive at a completely regular plane.

Right now my skill using the move tool is just too low. I want to see if I can learn something from this.

Let me take a short break first.

11:50am. Let me resume.

11:55am. I do not get it. Wasn't randomize the inverse of smooth? Was it some other brush. I know pinkbeard showed me this, but I forgot what it was.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfKe3z53Cgw&list=PLdFBjtsWmM96jvwSbyMT5vBFmbgt59Ftk

It was in this playlist.

12:05pm. No I was wrong. There isn't such brush. Rather the subdivision has the fractal option. I went with that.

Now for the grab brush, it does have the option to chose the plan. Right now I've selected the Z axis and it is only moving point in such a direction.

By default it is area plane. What is the difference between it and the view plane?

12:35pm. Forget the hard surface sculpting brush settings video.

Enough of this for the morning.

I am going to try immitating Flycat's technique of adding edges gradually and putting them in place. I'll want to try sculpting the legs again. If I could get a handle on this, it would be quite good. I had some ideas while trying to straighten out that hagged surface.

12:45pm. Basically it is very hard to do anything using the grab tool, but getting the points to align in the viewport. I have to keep this in mind. I can't use the grab tool for anything particularly complex.

I can't use it to draw and shape things deeply. All I can do is get the topology to align. I need to grasp this feeling. I've been abusing the grab tool too much."

---
## [Jaxilian/NetworkTest](https://github.com/Jaxilian/NetworkTest)@[96823f8777...](https://github.com/Jaxilian/NetworkTest/commit/96823f8777feb16c524e8065a2e602f0d2d38a68)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 14:16:11 by Jax Carls

omg stupid shit error

It was that I had a virtual machine active....

---
## [T-J-Teru/binutils-gdb](https://github.com/T-J-Teru/binutils-gdb)@[358a594588...](https://github.com/T-J-Teru/binutils-gdb/commit/358a59458886d76a0ff68f314d9ccb636866c911)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 15:24:37 by Andrew Burgess

gdb: add an address attribute to gdb.MemoryError

In the future I want to add a Python API to wrap around the
disassembler.  One aspect of the disassembler is its reporting of
memory errors, these work like this:

  - GDB calls into the disassembler,
  - The disassembler tries to read memory, this fails,
  - The disassembler calls the memory error callback, passing the
    address that it was trying to access,
  - In GDB, the failing address is recorded somewhere, and control
    passes back to the disassembler
  - The disassembler returns -1 to GDB,
  - GDB sees the -1 and looks for the failing address it recorded
    earlier, this is then reported to the user.

In my upcoming Python API I'd like to represent this as much as
possible using exceptions, rather than using C like function calls to
record that we hit a memory error.

The obvious exception to use would be gdb.MemoryError.

The problem is that none of our exceptions carry around any additional
data in any kind of structured way.  Sure, all arguments passed to an
exception are stored into its 'args' attribute, but it would be nice
if we could find, for example, the failing address in the 'address'
attribute of a MemoryError exception.

Now, in general, given current GDB, this just isn't possible.  GDB's
C++ exceptions don't carry around this sort of information.  So, if,
for example, the DWARF expression evaluator throws a MEMORY_ERROR
exception, then the failing address is not recorded in the exception.
If that C++ exception is then converted to a Python exception object
we will get a gdb.MemoryError, but there's no way we can figure out
the failing address.

However, for my Python disassembler API, I will know the failing
address.

One possibility would be to sub-class gdb.MemoryError, possibly with
something like gdb.DisassemblerMemoryError, this sub-class would
always have the address attribute.

There's a couple of reasons I don't like this solution, first, there
are cases where the disassembler returns an error state without first
setting the failing address.  This was discussed in commit:

  commit 76b43c9b5c2b275cbf4f927bfc25984410cb5dd5
  Date:   Tue Oct 5 15:10:12 2021 +0100

      gdb: improve error reporting from the disassembler

in these situations the Python API would either need to create a
gdb.MemoryError anyway (i.e. an exception without an address
attribute), or we'd have the gdb.DisassemblerMemoryError's address
attribute be optional (or sometimes set to None).

Second, if in the future we ever improved the C++ exception situation,
and started passing around the failing addresses, then we end up with
gdb.MemoryError and gdb.DisassemblerMemoryError being identical, which
would be confusing.

And third, I think that having these two very similar exceptions makes
writing user code harder; should they be handling both types?  Just
one?  Can we guarantee if a particular call will only raise one type
or the other?  Or do we say that any call might raise either?

So, my preferred solution, which I present here, is to have
gdb.MemoryError always have an address attribute.  This attribute will
be None is most cases, and in fact, at the time this patch goes in,
the attribute will be None is all cases.  However, when I add the
Python disassembler API there will be cases when the address is filled
in.

I've updated the documentation as if there were some cases when the
address might not be None, like I say, this isn't currently true, but
will be soon.

In order to add this functionality, I have overridden the __init__
method of gdb.MemoryError.  In the case where the exception is
initialized with a single argument that can be interpreted as an
integer, then this argument is converted to an integer and placed in
the address attribute and, the args attribute is set to a string
'memory error at 0x....' (with the address filled in).  In all other
cases the __init__ method behaves just as it did before.

Importantly, this is a slight breaking change in the Python API.  If
the user wrote something like:

  try:
      raise gdb.MemoryError(1234)
  except gdb.MemoryError as e:
      print("Got: %d" % e.args[0])

Previously, this would print 'Got: 1234', now it will complain that
'e.args[0]' is not a number.  This seems like an unlikely use case, so
I'm not hugely worried.  We could avoid this be not adjusting what is
stored into 'args' at all though, I'd be interested to hear peoples
thoughts.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[cff1889053...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/cff1889053d922a49e2eb60d9cb133050c176bfe)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 16:55:06 by Marko Grdinić

"1:35pm. Let me resume. I had some time to think. Let me work on smoothing out the uneven plane using the move tool more.

...No forget this.

I had a certain bit of insight.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzMAh66ofq0
Create a Perfect Body Base Mesh with Blender 2.92

Let me watch this from the beginning once more.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=56

I am watching this at 1/4 speed and it still feels too fast. Just how is get deepening the chest?

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=56

Just what are these gaps in inside the torso?

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=57

Ah, he really did forgot to delete the inside face.

https://docs.blender.org/manual/en/latest/sculpt_paint/sculpting/tools/grab.html

///

Brush Settings
Grab Active Vertex
Snaps the maximum strength of the brush to the highlighted active vertex, making it easier to manipulate low-poly models or meshes with subdivision surfaces.

Enabling this option also enables a dynamic mesh preview which generates a preview of vertices connected to the active vertex. This helps to visualize the real geometry that is being manipulating while sculpting with Modifiers.

Grab Silhouette
Attempts to preserves the object’s silhouette shape. The shape of the silhouette is determined by the orientation of the 3D Viewport.

///

I should try the first setting at least.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=96

Just how is he straightening out the hand like this? It seems he is dragging across the middle rathen than up down.

///

Normal Weight Ctrl
Constrains brush movement along the surface normal. Especially useful with the Grab brush, can be temporarily enabled by holding Ctrl. E.g. Grab brush can be used to push a depression (hole) into the mesh when Normal Weight is set.

Applies to Grab and Snake Hook brushes.

///

2:05pm. The active vertex option is really nice. It make it easier to use Ctrl + grab.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=354

Watching him work on these fingers is exhausting. He is making such a large number of small movements.

2:30pm. Why did I start reading the ML sub. Let me get back into the video. I was quite into it too.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=419

Actually I never stopped to wonder, but how is he displaying the wireframe ontop of the solids?

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/100365/how-to-show-wireframe-on-shaded-object-in-3d-view

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=487

I am wondering, is there a way in sculpt mode to focus the viewport on a particular vertex.

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/152966/how-to-focus-the-camera-to-rotate-around-spots-in-sculpt-mode

> The same key (numpad ./del) will focus on the last part your cursor touched. This does mean you need to click somewhere for it to work, but the only other way I know of is to lock your view to the cursor (in the view>view lock tab of the sidebar) which is a bit more finicky.

Ohhhhh!

3pm. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=574

Instead of ripping the face, it might have been just to do an inset. But this would save a few faces.

3:05pm. https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=605

I feel that this style of using the grab brush to move things around only works because the number of vertices is limited. If I tried it with a large number like I usually do, there would be all sorts of deformations that I'd need to smooth over. That is why when sculpting that leg, I ended up converging on using inflate, crease, smooth, flatten, scrape and elastic deform brushes. The smooth being especially important. But Flycat does not need that because of the low poly count. I should look at his video where he doing full sculpt style.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FkWvgT75SbA&t=603s
Blender 2.91 - Character Sculpting & Retopology Part 1

It was this. Here he is not cutting the vertices. I want to see how he deals with having arbitrary number of verts.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NYT1QG4GF5s
Blender tutorial, how to sculpt torso !

I'll also watch this in full once I am done with Flycat's video.

https://youtu.be/VzMAh66ofq0?t=620

Now he is starting on the head. I am done with this one. Let me watch the bunny one now.

https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=91

He he start working on the body.

https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=111

Yeah, this is a more regular sculpting style.

https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=135

Actually this is still relatively low poly even though is is higher than his other model.

https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=179

He actually remeshes it here.

https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=192

I was wrong, he is just as good as with high poly counts as with anything else.

https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=332

Oh, there is the trim tool. I could have used that to fix the remesher errors.

3:45pm. https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=394

What he is doing now is a high poly style. He is really good at adding select volume with the clay strip brush.

https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=427

The way he is adding and then smooth really makes it feel like he is adding muscle underneath.

At this stage he is not realying on the grab brush anymore.

4:15pm. https://youtu.be/FkWvgT75SbA?t=640

Just now he changed files.

Ah, he is moving to retopologizing.

Ok, I'll stop here. I feel like I am starting to internalize some of his technique.

4:25pm. Come to think of it, what about the toes?

No he skipped them on this model.

4:30pm. Let me do the last thing for the day. I've been trying to really internalize what he is doing and categorize it in my head. I am going to have to try it out. Tomorrow, I'll start practicing the low poly style of sculpting. I had an urge to do this a few days ago, then went into it and got completely lost and reasoned that not having to deal with topology is easier than dealing with it, but that is not necessarily true.

I mean, consider blocky artificial shapes. Those would be earier to deal with. When you have low detail, the low poly style should be easier. Though he is good at high poly, the low poly is what I am really interested in. It is like a sketch. If I could master it, I could easily move into 2d drawings.

4:35pm. https://youtu.be/NYT1QG4GF5s
Blender tutorial, how to sculpt torso !

Let me finally watch this.

5pm. At this point I am getting a bit bored, and the droning pace is not helping, but I will persevere. I feel like I am on the verge of really breaking into 2/5. I just need some more practice and I will do it. By the time the tablet arrives I will be ready.

https://blender.stackexchange.com/questions/49306/how-to-get-rid-of-geometry-protruding-inside-while-sculpting?rq=1

Oh, I had this problem before.

5:40pm. Done with the Devilpeace video.

I'll stop here for the day. Tomorrow I am going to try the low poly style again. This time I'll get it right."

---
## [i3roly/glibc_ddwrt](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt)@[0c501bf83c...](https://github.com/i3roly/glibc_ddwrt/commit/0c501bf83cce0ef0596c0dc41109b76ad68dec01)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 17:49:37 by gagan sidhu

4.14.251/47618, randy marsh says autotune is the new magic.

- update to a recnet build if you haven't already, since the httpd bug
has been fixed as of 47525

- add the lootbag files (just the binaries/programs in the bigger
builds) for people who want native compiled stuff as opposed to the
entware. there may be a performance boost.

tested and working

* Shelly's room, evening. Randy knocks on her door *

Randy
        Shelly, that's enough time on your phone.

Shelly
        Leave me alone, Dad! Stop nagging me all the time!

Randy
        You know we're all cutting down on phone time.

Shelly
        [sits up]

        Don't limit me! You don't even understand me!

Randy
        [sees a poster of himself as <'famous' "musician">,
        his secret identity]

        Yeah. I don't understand you at all. A lot you know.

        [walks away saddened]

        *   The Marsh garage    *

*  Randy is adding more stacks of cash to those already  *
*    hidden behind the poster. A door opens and Randy    *
*            quickly seals it up.                        *

* He gets to his workbench just as Stan closes the door. *

Stan
        Uh hey Dad. I need to talk to you.

Randy
        Oh really? A-About... about what?

Stan
        Dad, is it possible for someone to be one way on
        the outside but totally different on the inside?

        [Randy sighs deeply and stands up to walk]

        I mean, can someone identify as one sex but be
        something else but still have it be nothing about sex?

Randy
        Yes. Yes, Stan. I am <'famous' "musician">.

Stan
        ...What?

Randy
        It started off so simple. There's a guy at work. Hanson.
        He would use the bathroom and just blow the thing up, you know?
        Not only that, but he was in there all the time! I finally got
        fed up and pretended to be a woman.
        I called myself <'famous' "musician">. Have you ever been in a
        woman's bathroom, Stan? It's all clean and there's enough stalls
        for everyone. It was so freeing. I started singing while I was
        in there, and then I- started writing things down.

Stan
        Well you said you knew a guy at work who was
        <'famous' "musician">'s uncle.

Randy
        Yah, that's my cover.

Stan
        The chick that wrote the theme song to the new
        <shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>, is you?

Randy
        Yeah.

        [turns around and faces Stan]

        The record company messed it all up. It was supposed to go:

            "<shitty recession stimulus-funded book and movie series>,
            yah yah yah, yah yah yah! <shitty recession stimulus-funded
            book and movie series>."

        But they just- do what they want with my songs.

Stan
        Wha-wait, <'famous' "musician"> sounds like a girl.

Randy
        Autotune. Wanna see how I do it?

        [moments later, a music program pops up.
        Twelve tracks are shown at lower left]

        I come up with all my best stuff in the bathroom at work.

        I use this program to import the recordings I make on my phone.

        [plays the highlighted track]

            "Yeah yeah, feeling good on a Wednesday. Sparklinnnnn'
            thoughts. Givin' me the hope to go ohhhn"

            [farts and poop noises]

            "Oh! Whoa. What I need now is a little bit of shelter."

Stan
        Dad, <'famous' "musician">'s music is actually really good.

Randy
        Thanks.

        But it gets even better when I add the drum loops.

        [replays the same track with drum loops added]

        Then with the computer I can actually quantize everything.

        [brings up the quantizer and chooses his settings]

        Backup instruments.

        [scale, beats, bass, tambourine, guitars, strings]

        And then finally I use the Autotune.

        ["Auto-Tuner v10." He chooses his settings there, and
        the song is transformed. The same track is now enhanced
        with <no name shitty "musician">'s voice and no trace of Randy]

            "Sparklin' thoughts, feelin' good on a Wednesday.
            Givine me the hope, givin' givin' me the hope to go ohhhn.
            What I need is a little bit of shelter."

        [this is all too much for Stan to take in, and he passes out.]

        [Randy notices]

        Stan?

---
## [odoo-dev/odoo](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo)@[22364abbef...](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo/commit/22364abbef1f314f44dc506f636d3a5553b21837)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 18:02:04 by Julien Castiaux

http.py json_dispatch and a bit of RPC

The implementation of `@route(type='json')`. If you were expecting a
simple implementation such as

    self.params = json.loads(self.httprequest.get_data())
    result = endpoint(**self.params)
    return Response(json.dumps(result), 200, [
        ('Content-Type', 'application/json),
    ]

you might be surprise to read about JSON-RPC2. Yup some guy decided it
would be cute to add a bunch of useless things (all three jsonrpc,
method and id are basically ignored). Also that context stuff? Just
throw it in the params, nobody will notice (I did :eyes:). The error
handling has some gotchas too (but it is coming in another commit).

The best is that most endpoints type='json' are... implementing another
RPC layer on top of JSON-RPC2. Typical request:

    POST /web/dataset/call_kw HTTP/1.1
    Content-Type: application/json

    {
        jsonrpc: "2.0",
        id: null,
        method: 'call',
        params: {
            'model': 'res.partner',
            'method': 'create',
            'args': [...],
            'kwargs': {},
            'context': {},
        }
    }

Honorable mentions: /jsonrpc, /web/dataset/*

Why am I so salty? It is because there is nothing I can do to change the
current implementation. Changing the implementation would break the
current API which is working fine. It would be a cross-team effort as
both the JS Framework and the SaaS would be impacted. By the way, there
was an effort to reduce the cumbersome of the XML-RPC layer, they are
odoo/odoo#3989 and odoo/odoo#67388, #3989 is 7 years old... yeah... not
doing it again for jsonrpc. I blame nobody, JSON-RPC is cute indeed,
just... not very useful here :( (same goes for XML-RPC without #3989)

The `dispatch_rpc` fonction have been moved to the `service` module
where it really belongs. The two options --log-request and
--log-response were pouring the logs with useless informations,
sometimes twice (i.e. /jsonrpc). The logging level was debug because it
annoys people to have the whole `params` logged. It would be better to
introduce a bit of logging (level info) in every "rpc over rpc"-like
controller methods. Duty for another PR? I myself use mitmproxy whenever
I want the complete logs (request+response) of the web server.

By the way, the logs in `service/server.py` were not using the "correct"
logger name, it seemed dead code to me so I removed it too, heh.

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[cadaf64f4a...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/cadaf64f4a7bf3869d07bb8ed8de8257c93a4b0e)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 19:31:57 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] whoah 4 days I think

it's been that one out there. entire week irl consumed to get these all done!!!

reflect restructurisation of Kade Engine 1.8

fix another degradation

Blender new Open Movie woohoo horror with real death on auxilary character here YouTube https://youtu.be/_cMxraX_5RE CC4.0-BY . Note, despite these all Open Source, but the Source codes are not $0. Yep, sell your soul to Blender Foundation through Blender Cloud to access all Assets in the realm of Blender. Some assets are $0 which marked with 🔓

omg, alot of stuff needs to follow new restructurisations!!! aaaaaaaa

build settler for FlxState & FlxSubState because some class doesn't want to inherit signatural FNF MusicBeatState & MusicBeatSubstate. wtf guys?!?!?! that's Giant L. Lose!!!

ok I think that's all. there's still more whew man! bare with us pls. whoah this is Thursday.

btw Yes YUT Yesember. tbh, I don't like No 🥜 November. So don't be sad if you don't participate. Infact, some scientist says that a week 2x 🥜 is benefitful. And of course, don't abuse that. I have no idea why God had us this feature when no situation is good at the moment? idk. I've been asking God and got the answer but still unable to figure out what did He say. Peck this, I can't link any fact to here. search one yourself. hear from TVs and doctors about it from hospital if you're lucky.

Peck it. Perpendicular commit

Hey, since Kade's 1.8 now put all song data in 1 dedicated folder, we should just query all things in the songs directory from now on. This will make Freeplay scan more friendly to learn and operate. bye bye FreeplaySongList.txt, YEET!!!

Intel about Protoglin Amexamlef, specifically Saubo:
- https://twitter.com/rebecca_doodles/status/1455431309447376898?s=20
- ah peck! https://instagram.com broke!!! I don't have Instagram app on this PC. only on my phone.
- https://twitter.com/RetroDubsVA/status/1455455942989000706?s=20
- https://twitter.com/Jadenlo92726186/status/1455509567295590400?s=20
- https://www.instagram.com/p/COe_ylEpIru/?utm_medium=share_sheet
- right, the instagram mobile app still work somehow.
- nurt
- There is sus about Saubo today, that infact according to the original owner via the new owner, the fishiest thing that gonna do is that to exterminate as a form of revenge & change of the identity statusoid. Perhaps we need to reevaluate our ingredients of prebsiqiout again.

whoah. there's still of stuff again!

sleep man!. we still have to reflext the CI too as well

---
## [gusreiber-nsd/A-5-Guessing-Game](https://github.com/gusreiber-nsd/A-5-Guessing-Game)@[3c14e13ea0...](https://github.com/gusreiber-nsd/A-5-Guessing-Game/commit/3c14e13ea02a9210cee7a360694d8eb03b316920)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 20:01:58 by Kevin-Canzler

Made it even shorter somehow

I was going to make a repo for the YAZ assignment and noticed you forked my assignment so I went to check for comments and remembered that I thought of a few ways I could make it shorter and then I spent my lunch break working on it. In the spec it says it took them 88 lines of code to write the full game so I decided to challenge myself to do less but I realized that wouldn't be that hard so I decided to make it as short as possible without doing something dumb like putting all the code in main. Just so we're clear this code was not meant to be readable and it was not meant to be good (maybe clever) just as short as possible without using a dumb trick.

---
## [feelpp/benchmark](https://github.com/feelpp/benchmark)@[f92903cc53...](https://github.com/feelpp/benchmark/commit/f92903cc5338daed898242f22015d8426c065770)
#### Wednesday 2021-11-03 21:23:51 by Roman Lebedev

Iteration counts should be `uint64_t` globally. (#817)

This is a shameless rip-off of https://github.com/google/benchmark/pull/646
I did promise to look into why that proposed PR was producing
so much worse assembly, and so i finally did.

The reason is - that diff changes `size_t` (unsigned) to `int64_t` (signed).

There is this nice little `assert`:
https://github.com/google/benchmark/blob/7a1c37028359ca9d386d719a6ad527743cf1b753/include/benchmark/benchmark.h#L744
It ensures that we didn't magically decide to advance our iterator
when we should have finished benchmarking.

When `cached_` was unsigned, the `assert` was `cached_ UGT 0`.
But we only ever get to that `assert` if `cached_ NE 0`,
and naturally if `cached_` is not `0`, then it is bigger than `0`,
so the `assert` is tautological, and gets folded away.

But now that `cached_` became signed, the assert became `cached_ SGT 0`.
And we still only know that `cached_ NE 0`, so the assert can't be
optimized out, or at least it doesn't currently.

Regardless of whether or not that is a bug in itself,
that particular diff would have regressed the normal 64-bit systems,
by halving the maximal iteration space (since we go from unsigned counter
to signed one, of the same bit-width), which seems like a bug.
And just so it happens, fixing *this* bug, fixes the other bug.

This produces fully (bit-by-bit) identical state_assembly_test.s
The filecheck change is actually needed regardless of this patch,
else this test does not pass for me even without this diff.

---

# [<](2021-11-02.md) 2021-11-03 [>](2021-11-04.md)

