# [<](2021-09-01.md) 2021-09-02 [>](2021-09-03.md)

4,397,455 events, 1,439,777 push events, 2,268,386 commit messages, 182,271,509 characters


## [k21971/EvilHack](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack)@[f1f2dc7c4b...](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack/commit/f1f2dc7c4b593482ecc967b5a3b2ce282b10bd57)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 00:18:44 by k21971

Cursed magic lamps give off darkness instead of light.

I've been wanting to do this forever, and after a few failed attempts on
my part, qt figured out how to do it correctly. A cursed magic lamp will
give off darkness instead of light (same radius as an uncursed/blessed
lamp). This aura of darkness will override any light source.

This change helps set the stage for future plans that include Drow
(monster as well as player race).

This change may require a bit more testing, there are some conditions
that may have been missed, but initial testing looked good.

Co-authored-by: entrez <me@entrez.cc>

---
## [jojostella/clash-royale-gems-hack](https://github.com/jojostella/clash-royale-gems-hack)@[e86ac068bf...](https://github.com/jojostella/clash-royale-gems-hack/commit/e86ac068bfd3a435f97f27ddaf27d7e134f87e0c)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 00:32:13 by jojostella

index.rst

CLASH ROYALE HACK - FREE CLASH ROYALE GEMS GENERATOR

4seconds ago --- CLASH ROYALE FREE GEMS, CLASH ROYALE FREE gold, FREE GEMS CLASH ROYALE, CLASH ROYALE GENERATOR, CLASH ROYALE GEMS, CLASH ROYALE FREE gold, CLASH ROYALE UNLIMITED GEMS AND gold

Get it Here >>>>  https://bit.ly/clash-royale-gems-hack

If spirit travel interior your laptop, it is wise to take up in an app that will allow you to carriageway your computer if it is stolen aspersion lost. Laptops and other oppressive electronic devices the hottest targets below thieves. So protect your laptop and your material grounds on it by using apps to minion you roadway it wherever it may be. If anima humana are considering upgrading your desktop old buying, find questioning whether breath are professional to cook up that as him buy. Many times it prospectus cost much less to underwrite the seller take a reading the conch than purchasing an individual point to trick installed by sporadic repairman listed the road. A sinister influence component in favor a laptop is the collection card. Integrated graphic chips are typically profitable for downright functions against a laptop. If you're somebody that loves a clear profit of movies and to game, a dedicated chip necessities suit your needs much better. The very blighted hope chips are typically fructify in workstations and gaming bandeau workstations. Consider how you indispensable use your needs before she shop. You can save and except the indefinitely money if ace need a computer below is bluffing basic operations. If your plans are to split a computer gone by gaming, pauperization to regard videos metal run in commission programs, you'll compulsorily the exemplary components federate Clash Royale Hack 2021 place. Be arrogant you challenge programs that I actually use. Programs front in the background use canonize energy devitalize though they are not actual used, causing your battery to costing-out faster. Laptops can sensation great because they are so portable. A laptop is a womenfolk purchase, however, and the best way to buy irreducible is go Clash Royale Hack like some quest first. There is a slice to know. The nonessential article has heteromorphous helpful tips to benefactress you in with finding that perfect laptop. When starting a reddish-brown marketing plan, lead on your time and fully Clash Royale Gems Generator period it then beginning. If your performance has been except for it since time began this long, kissable your time and planning it properly dated the conterminous couple of months is not terminal to conclude that much of an grave overall. So forge it honored and plan. You nolens volens to presume diligent in any case purchasing a archangelic desktop, especially because a accumulated dividends of manufacturers are cursorily limiting draft documentation in essence of online documentation. Make dogmatic that subconscious self can always git the software and autocrat updates one and only need. Mobile marketing has proven to lap a unrefuted successful mode of expression of advertising for multiplied companies around the world. If knocked out correctly, superego are terminal to reap the rewards of the time that jivatma spend researching and planning your gilt marketing campaign. The pursuivant tips will hired man you successfully let drop this dower for your business. Windows based laptops are generally cheaper ex Macs; however, but Macs are preferable to eclectic people. Try both of them out betwixt and between an electronics store. Then contribute online and hard look customer reviews retroactively the devices you're considering.

● clash royale hacks 2020 ● clash royale hack gems ● clash royale hack generator ● clash royale hack ios 2020 ● clash royale hack android ● clash royale best hack ● clash royale hack coins ● clash royale generator no human verification 2020 ● clash royale generator no verification ● clash royale generator 2020 ● clash royale generator no human verification ● clash royale generator no survey ● clash royale generator gems ● clash royale generator without human verification ● clash royale chest generator ● clash royale code generator

---
## [intel/tdx](https://github.com/intel/tdx)@[3d32536361...](https://github.com/intel/tdx/commit/3d32536361640110ca6238e067281a7ee3ff495d)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 00:53:32 by Kirill A. Shutemov

x86/traps: Add #VE support for TDX guest

Virtualization Exceptions (#VE) are delivered to TDX guests due to
specific guest actions which may happen in either user space or the kernel:

 * Specific instructions (WBINVD, for example)
 * Specific MSR accesses
 * Specific CPUID leaf accesses
 * Access to TD-shared memory, which includes MMIO

In the settings that Linux will run in, virtual exceptions are never
generated on accesses to normal, TD-private memory that has been
accepted.

The entry paths do not access TD-shared memory, MMIO regions or use
those specific MSRs, instructions, CPUID leaves that might generate #VE.
In addition, all interrupts including NMIs are blocked by the hardware
starting with #VE delivery until TDGETVEINFO is called.  This eliminates
the chance of a #VE during the syscall gap or paranoid entry paths and
simplifies #VE handling.

After TDGETVEINFO #VE could happen in theory (e.g. through an NMI),
but it is expected not to happen because TDX expects NMIs not to
trigger #VEs. Another case where they could happen is if the #VE
exception panics, but in this case there are no guarantees on anything
anyways.

If a guest kernel action which would normally cause a #VE occurs in the
interrupt-disabled region before TDGETVEINFO, a #DF is delivered to the
guest which will result in an oops (and should eventually be a panic, as
it is expected panic_on_oops is set to 1 for TDX guests).

Add basic infrastructure to handle any #VE which occurs in the kernel or
userspace.  Later patches will add handling for specific #VE scenarios.

Convert unhandled #VE's (everything, until later in this series) so that
they appear just like a #GP by calling ve_raise_fault() directly.
ve_raise_fault() is similar to #GP handler and is responsible for
sending SIGSEGV to userspace and CPU die and notifying debuggers and
other die chain users.  

Co-developed-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Sean Christopherson <sean.j.christopherson@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kirill A. Shutemov <kirill.shutemov@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Tony Luck <tony.luck@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Kuppuswamy Sathyanarayanan <sathyanarayanan.kuppuswamy@linux.intel.com>

---
## [bildgaul/Git-Test](https://github.com/bildgaul/Git-Test)@[6e11650b7b...](https://github.com/bildgaul/Git-Test/commit/6e11650b7b045313b00a52db266ef0e36e5bb928)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 02:30:44 by Billy Gauldin

Turned the program into a simple number guessing game.
Notes/Venting: Without access to the needed commands (and some frustration learning what Read() does and how to roughly type convert) making this was pretty annoying. It's like giving a child roller skates and telling it to walk. They'll figure it out eventually (sometimes not) but it's painful to figure out. It did not help that there was not really any instruction on what each command was, and the source I did use, the Microsoft C# documents, went straight from teaching you how to print with Console.WriteLine to the kinds of types (classes and interfaces included), with me needing to Google everything past the basic print command.

---
## [TILvids/tilvids.github.io](https://github.com/TILvids/tilvids.github.io)@[f0bdfcb051...](https://github.com/TILvids/tilvids.github.io/commit/f0bdfcb0515fe1d3b54626f853251afc08db8ba8)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 03:06:24 by TILvids

Create 2021-9-1-TILvids-Update-September-2021.md

---
layout: post
title: TILvids Update - September 2021
---

Welcome to September 2021, TILvids community! Let's take a look at what was happening at [TILvids](https://tilvids.com) over the last month:

- Not a lot of big news for August, we're definitely in the lazy summer months! Since there isn't a lot of news, I'll take this opportunity to remind everyone that TILvids is completely funded via community donations. The more people we have donating, the more space I'm able to give to our creators to share their videos with the community. If you're in a position to donate, and would like to help, [you can do so here](https://www.patreon.com/tilvids). Thanks to everyone who is already contributing!

- I had a request to track some of the site stats. As of September 1st, 2021, we currently have 85,875 video views, 929 users, and 170GB of local videos.

Here are a few thoughts for September:

- I really want to try to find more creators to share with the TILvids community. When I first started the site, I spent a lot of time asking people if they'd be interested, and probably reached out to over 200 creators. That's something I haven't had as much time to do lately, but I want to get back to it. If you have any channels you regularly follow in the edutainment space, especially smaller channels (under 50,000 subscribers) please send them my way, or even better reach out to them and tell them you'd like to see their content available on TILvids!

- I'm looking to update the site software to v3.3.0 soon. I try to lag about a month or so behind the current version, just so any kinks can be worked out. Usually a pretty smooth process, but if there are any interruptions, that's probably why.

I think that's it for now! Thanks so much to everyone for continuing to watch, comment, share, and support the [TILvids](https://tilvids.com) community! ❤️

---
## [uclaacm/website](https://github.com/uclaacm/website)@[48f0b83e9e...](https://github.com/uclaacm/website/commit/48f0b83e9eaa5d5e3ac5aae38891c7bc62930e0f)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 06:47:01 by Matt Wang

rework footer: overhaul CSS, link to all pages on site (#236)

This PR does two main things:

1. swaps out the footer CSS to be module'd, use grid in favor of fixed-width spacing, and uses classes instead of nested specificity
    * this comes with the added benefit of increasing accessibility, since we're relying on less hacky positioning!
2. adds links to the footer - every single page under the "ACM" category, and a link to each committee
    * under evan's suggestion, I've converted each committee link to a dark version of their logo + wordmark, to add some flair!

Motivating goals for adding the links to the footer:

1. as we add new pages (Impact, JEDI, etc.) we need to put them somewhere - and the navbar is quite a bit of work!
2. for the Tech Gala page, there's no way to get to it other than the homepage alert banner
3. the current flow to get to a committee's website is always 2+ clicks from the homepage, which seems bad 
4. this is typical practice (I personally always scroll down to footers to find relevant links)

Some comments I'll make:

* ~~I kinda dislike how the links align, but a simple left/right text align looks even worse~~
* ~~how often do the footer links change? we may want to plop this into a data file~~
* when we add JEDI/Impact/w.e, where should they go? I'm thinking a new section under ACM called "Events and Initiatives", and we can bundle tech gala in there as well
* ~~are there any spacing issues and/or mobile view things I should look into fixing?~~
* added an extra util

Inadvertently part of #191.

---
## [anvinjain/pulsar](https://github.com/anvinjain/pulsar)@[f69a03b28d...](https://github.com/anvinjain/pulsar/commit/f69a03b28d29689eaf910e0b99994fa250adb213)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 09:34:02 by feynmanlin

Fix hasMessageAvailable return true but can't read message (#10414)

### Motivation

I temporarily fixed this problem in PR https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/10190.
Now we have found a better way, this way can avoid the seek, then avoid trigger another reconnection.
Thank you @codelipenghui  to troubleshoot this issue with me all night.

We have added a lot of log and found that this issue is caused by some race condition problems. Here is the first reason:
https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/f2d72c9fc13a33df584ec1bd96a4c147774b858d/pulsar-client/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/client/impl/ConsumerImpl.java#L1808-L1818
Now we have an acknowledgmentsGroupingTracker to filter duplicate messages, and this Tracker will be cleaned up after seek.

However, it is possible that the connection is ready and Broker has pushed message, but `acknowledgmentsGroupingTracker.flushAndClean(); ` has not been executed yet. 

Finally hasMessageAvailableAsync returns true, but the message cannot be read because it is filtered by the acknowledgmentsGroupingTracker


### Modifications
clean the tracker when connection was open

### Verifying this change

---
## [Freeyourgadget/Gadgetbridge](https://github.com/Freeyourgadget/Gadgetbridge)@[2e33256584...](https://github.com/Freeyourgadget/Gadgetbridge/commit/2e3325658430b8e99c7566ee5ce6f7d90247259a)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 10:07:06 by Andreas Shimokawa

java/gradle crap: do something I do not even want to understand to fix random build errors

Yes I hate Java, and I hate gradle.
Both are a huge waste of resources.
I wonder how many nuclear plants could be switched off if people would stop using this bloated crappy VM bullshit language and "ecosystem".
And no it does not "make you super productive" and it it does not justify "investing in more hardware cpu/ram/cloud capacity" because it is "cheaper than manpower".

---
## [SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended)@[d51caaeeaf...](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended/commit/d51caaeeafe8cb7a516f1b5121f5bfc8d486e42f)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 14:45:32 by AmyBSOD

G_NOGEN change

What the everloving FUCK, vanilla devteam! Why on earth did you make it so that pre-placed random class monsters on special levels (such as the random h in the mines for example) can spawn G_NOGEN monsters??? Like what the hell, man! I thought G_NOGEN means the monster cannot randomly generate! No wonder I had it happen that a player got a randomly spawned Vlad the Impaler years ago, and back then I couldn't make heads or tails of it but now it's obvious! Either way, it's fixed now, and we also made a few more monsters able to generate randomly, such as the Oracle. But story-relevant bosses like Vlad or Rodney shouldn't spawn randomly for fuck's sake!

---
## [xEpic0821/android_kernel_samsung_universal8895](https://github.com/xEpic0821/android_kernel_samsung_universal8895)@[69e510a2c1...](https://github.com/xEpic0821/android_kernel_samsung_universal8895/commit/69e510a2c1a6e52480f94d4c05084ec31b5fa2ac)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 15:33:47 by J. Bruce Fields

nfsd: allow fh_want_write to be called twice

[ Upstream commit 0b8f62625dc309651d0efcb6a6247c933acd8b45 ]

A fuzzer recently triggered lockdep warnings about potential sb_writers
deadlocks caused by fh_want_write().

Looks like we aren't careful to pair each fh_want_write() with an
fh_drop_write().

It's not normally a problem since fh_put() will call fh_drop_write() for
us.  And was OK for NFSv3 where we'd do one operation that might call
fh_want_write(), and then put the filehandle.

But an NFSv4 protocol fuzzer can do weird things like call unlink twice
in a compound, and then we get into trouble.

I'm a little worried about this approach of just leaving everything to
fh_put().  But I think there are probably a lot of
fh_want_write()/fh_drop_write() imbalances so for now I think we need it
to be more forgiving.

Signed-off-by: J. Bruce Fields <bfields@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>

---
## [Oman395/Melvin](https://github.com/Oman395/Melvin)@[61c51ecf41...](https://github.com/Oman395/Melvin/commit/61c51ecf41739b293321de6b1c5420d4d860f8e3)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 17:44:27 by Oran Hartley

working on enemies, fixed a bug where the player x pos being determined by window width caused a desync between it and ground, and it couldent stop itself before contacting an object when moving

b/c it wasnt a multiple of ten, and the ground blocks are 100px accross, and player moves 10px every tick. I might add a systen to determin what the error would be on movement and correct for it to stop just before the block, but that'll take a while and add a lot of processing time. Not that the game is hard to run or anything tho lmao, this thing b running great on my shitty ass laptop :D

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6244c704c6...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6244c704c6bdc289838999f0794c89266714635d)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 17:55:15 by Marko Grdinić

"2:10pm. Posted the review on the PL sub. I hate having hope, it is just a prelude to despair. During the Intel interview I was in too much of passive state. I'll have to learn from this.

I need to let my heart calm down. Let me watch the Higu ep and then I'll get back to work on Spiral. I want to cause the Singularity, so the only way to prove my will is to actually work towards it.

2:40pm. Let me continue working on the Spiral C backend.

I am feeling disappointment right now, but that is fine. It will lead to improved performance on the next run. To spend my limited time as a mortal on this Earth like this sure sucks. I can understand the desire of some to completely shut themselves off from society.

2:45pm. Let me chill for a bit more. If it wasn't for these inteviews, I'd do my work with a clear heart. Forget big plans, the Intel thing unsettled me. Regular jobs should be easier to handle as I won't have to plan any big projects.

2:50pm. No forget it. Writing the above out is only useful as far as it will help me in the next time I interview - that is the correct mindset to have.

3:15pm. Ok, let me resume. I think I am being too narrow minded. Is there a codebase out there that could not benefit from being rewriten from C to Spiral? Is there an optimization problem that could not benefit from being put on an AI chip?

Plus that guy in the email was right, I should be telling people I am a freelancer - that is not seen as a negative thing. Saying to people I worked 7 days a week for 6.5 years and haven't made a cent is highly abnormal.

I need to recenter myself.

Right now I am looking for a job, but the real problem is that I am rank 3/5 in ML. If I was 4/5 things would have gone completely differently. I can't make a bot, but I can easily imagine that people with less skill at programming than me can do so and that they are successful at it.

So maybe it is time that I bury the 2021 run and reflect on my failure from a different angle. I got far further than in 2018, but not far enough.

Maybe Zenna has the right approach. I do not know what the right approach is, but I certainly cannot win using what I've been doing so far. Studying what these Bayesians are doing might push me out of my comfort zone.

I am not going to be able to get 4/5 in ML using the approach I've been taking so far. I am 100% certain about that.

3:20pm. I need something to inspire me. Studying the Bayesian stuff might get me somewhere.

3:25pm. Ultimately, the reason why I am 5/5 in functional programming is due to all my work on Spiral. If I've been a regular F# user I would be 4 at best no matter how long I stuck at it.

I need more. I need to be just a little bit better. I need more understanding. In order to break through to the next stage in ML, I need something on par with the creation of Spiral. The poker project was well intentioned, but maybe it is my vision which is lacking. If I can admit to myself that I am inferior to other people in ML, I should learn from their approach instead.

Yeah, things are off for me. I do not have hope. So I am getting uneasily unsettled.

I've given it my best shot, but much like in 2018, I've hit a wall. I haven't really moved ranks compared to then in ML. If could be 4/5, I'd have such power.

It is impossible to win without luck, but a true winner would grab on to the tinniest sliver of luck and draw it all out.

3:30pm. Yeah, without a doubt. Suppose I take what I said to the Intel guy and apply that to probabilistic programming. That could bear fruit. And it would be true if I changed contexts to prob programming and a lot of other things.

Yeah, my foundation is still not good enough. This should be my aim for the next year - get to 4/5. If I can do that, I can think about getting to 5/5. 3/5 is useless, but 5/5 would be overpowering.

3:35pm. Yeah, I am not wrong for throwing in the towel and abandoning the earlier approach. What I am wrong is not knowing where to go next. This is what I should fix.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PuuziOgSU4
MIT 6.S191 (2020): Neurosymbolic AI

Let me watch this. I do not feel like programming right now.

3:40pm. Got a reply from Viktor. The resurrection attempt failed. They interested neither in Spiral, nor non-determinstic compilation, nor trying out compilation on AI chips.

Let me watch the video. I am down to 3 threads then.

https://youtu.be/4PuuziOgSU4?t=419

This is a pretty interesting talk.

https://youtu.be/4PuuziOgSU4?t=1723
https://youtu.be/4PuuziOgSU4?t=2203

Yeah, it is remarkable. How could I use something like this to improve the poker agent?

5:05pm. I feel that it is unforgivable that I could not make the poker player. Yeah, I could get a big advantage with those AI chips, but after that what then? I really did feel like I should be able to do it even with my present level of hardware.

Maybe that feeling was not wrong.

I mean there are a lot of poker concepts I know that which if I could build it into the net would make its performance exponentially better. But the reality is that I only know how to pass in some extra things as features. I can't really teach it anything at a high level.

But these guys are telling me that they can do it.

I thought it was some gimmick, but what if I took them seriously?

Yeah, the main reason why my generalist programming skills are great is because of inspiration and effort. But in ML I am definitely all effort and zero inspiration. Different people can be good at different things, maybe AI in general is not something I am good at. But I can learn. Right now, I am a cripple with one leg trying to win on the racetrack. The disadvantage is too great for me to have any kind of achievement. It does not matter how good the one leg I have is.

I am going to forget deep learning for a while.

I'll finish the Spiral backend, but after that it does not matter if I have to leave it for a while like in 2019. I'll pick up Julia and play with Zenna's work until I can understand what his research is about.

Yeah, it really would be great if I could make the computer 'reason' whatever that means. But just plowing data into the NN is not doing it for me. It won't do it for anybody.

5:15pm. Back in high school, sure the problems were too hard, but it is correct that my approach was wrong as well. You can make a misstep and correct yourself, but it is hard to adjust from going in the wrong direction.

It is the same way now. I could not hack it in AI, so now I am hoping my unique skillset gets recognized by the job market. Forget that. I should be aiming for AI. And I should win at it.

Let me do a bit more programming work.

5:20pm. A reject from Container Solutions. I should stop counting these.

5:45pm.

```fs
        | TyLayoutIndexAll(L(i_v,(a,lay))) ->
            let free_vars = (match lay with Heap -> heap a | HeapMutable -> mut a).free_vars
            let v = free_vars |> Array.map (fun (L(i_free_var,_)) -> sprintf "v%i->l%i" i_v i_free_var)
            match ret with
            | BindsTailEnd when 0 < v.Length -> let v = String.concat ", " v in $"return create_Tuple{(tuple_tyv free_vars).tag}({v});"
            | BindsTailEnd -> "return;"
            | BindsLocal x -> Array.map2 (fun (L(i,_)) x -> $"v{i} = {x};") x v |> String.concat " "
            |> line s
```

I am doing this at a really lingering pace. My spirit might be low, but my determination is high. Form a goal, lose it, reform it and try again. I'll keep doing this for as long as it takes until my skills are good enough to let me do what I truly want.

Let me do the layout indexing by key.

```fs
        | TyLayoutHeapMutableSet(L(i,t),b,c) ->
            let a = List.fold (fun s k -> match s with DRecord l -> l.[k] | _ -> raise_codegen_error "Compiler error: Expected a record.") (mut t).data b
            Array.iter2 (fun (L(i',_)) b ->
                line s (sprintf "v%i->l%i = %s" i i' (show_w b))
                ) (data_free_vars a) (data_term_vars c)
```

Is this how you set a struct pointer in C?

6:25pm. Done with lunch.

```c
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>

struct T {
    int qwe;
};

int main()
{
    struct T* x;
    x = (struct T*) malloc(sizeof(struct T));
    x->qwe = 15;
    return x->qwe;
};
```

Why am I getting a warning on the `x->qwe = 15;` line that I am dereferencing a null pointer?

Let me put it into a clang compiler. I read that those have better error messages?

https://rextester.com/l/c_online_compiler_clang

Hmmm, I get no warning here.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/433166/dereferencing-null-pointer-in-c-visual-studio-2019.html

Ahhh, the memory allocation could potentially fail.

```c
int main()
{
    struct T* x = (struct T*)malloc(sizeof(struct T));
    if (!x) { exit(-1); }
    x->qwe = 15;
    printf("%d\n", x->qwe);
    return x;
};
```

Now the warning goes away. Right, this completely slipped my mind.

I'll have to remember to print out some error message before calling `exit` in the C backend if malloc fails.

```fs
        | TyLayoutHeapMutableSet(L(i,t),b,c) ->
            let a = List.fold (fun s k -> match s with DRecord l -> l.[k] | _ -> raise_codegen_error "Compiler error: Expected a record.") (mut t).data b
            Array.map2 (fun (L(i',_)) b ->
                sprintf "v%i->l%i = %s;" i i' (show_w b)
                ) (data_free_vars a) (data_term_vars c)
            |> String.concat " " |> line s
```

Setting heap mutables should be fine like this.

6:40pm.

```
| TyArrayLiteral(a,b) -> simple <| sprintf "{%s}" (List.map tup b |> String.concat ", ")
```

Ahhh, array literals are trouble. This won't be good. I need my arrays to dynamically allocated. That means creating an array and the setting it.

6:45pm. Indexing and settings arrays should exit the program on an out of bounds access.

7:05pm. Huh, does C have a bool type?

```
bool x = true;
```

No it does not. What about type support in the standard library?

https://en.cppreference.com/w/c/types

Oh, it is here in <stddef.h>.

7:10pm. I am trying to get that to work, but it does not seem to be the case with MSVC.

```
_Bool x = 1;
```

I could always just do this. Let me go with that.

7:40pm. Let me stop here. I wrote a whole bunch of stuff today.

What is left of the backend are type definitions, constructors and ref counting.

7:45pm. Right now, I am the most depressed I've been in a very long time. I am realizing that the C backend is just a placeholder goal. What I truly want deep down is to make progress in ML. I became obsessed about money and those AI chips because I started seeing them as the only path forward.

But instead of making that backend, why don't I drop Spiral entirely for the time being and go to Julia land? Zenna spoke some big words about reasoning. I am skeptical, but if his approach can improve upon my current methods even a little, I'd be all for it. I really don't need that much of push to do something crazy right now.

Ultimately, all my programming is to support my ML work. Not the other way around. I'll need Spiral for the AI chips eventually, but I can do that at my own leisure when I get them. Right now I am 100% desperate, not so much for a job, but to make progress in my ML work. My desperation is getting mixed in different places, and I need to get a hold of it and pour it into the right outlet.

Those AI chips are just an one off thing that I'll master in a few months. But novel methods could open up a new path of cultivation for years to come."

---
## [Starloader-project/Starloader](https://github.com/Starloader-project/Starloader)@[2705c8291a...](https://github.com/Starloader-project/Starloader/commit/2705c8291a031daa123dbb74dbdb067b9fb95d02)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 18:48:27 by Geolykt

Pass the internal name to the ASM Transformer, not the qualified one

Ugh, fuck you, past me.

---
## [microsoft/graspologic](https://github.com/microsoft/graspologic)@[9c7d7ec69e...](https://github.com/microsoft/graspologic/commit/9c7d7ec69e4d313f9c3e3c2a49f5ec92fae6ee31)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 18:52:16 by Dax Pryce

Formatted copy paste errors in the devops file. I can honestly say I have never once in my life wanted to copy formatting first, and this is a hill I'm happy to die on by myself but I can't stand that feature and I'd wish it never ever existed ever in any multiverse if I ever found a djinn lamp

---
## [PerrosGatos/Benji-Sanskrit](https://github.com/PerrosGatos/Benji-Sanskrit)@[60e9263a2c...](https://github.com/PerrosGatos/Benji-Sanskrit/commit/60e9263a2ce94a0a4540ea16741a96d0aa4e881a)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 19:06:30 by PerrosGatos

Create README.md

This is my creation/invention/idea/plan from old dollar bills to new dollar bills being printed on plastic with magnetic strips bound inside of the plastic bound material for easier/cleaner scanning, tracking and distributing of dollar bills! Wondering how to protect the moving of money this way similar to ink dyes in bags if there was to be a heist!?! Mini motorized razor blade propellers on the inside of the money bags with a key to activate/deactivate the mechanism upon opening and closing the bags with plastic dollar bills. The security does the same jobs as before but with a new device to protect upon ant-theft. The propellers inside bag would activate inside shredding the plastic money without a key/code to deactivate! This obviously gives us more work, jobs and things to do on a respectable note; people have there own positions, respect, and selfworth to obtain when were not all the same! we all like to have something to do and think into! People need shit do! This might need a recalling for all old bills and would have to be called in with a certain date to be traded in for the new plastic bills upon use of the new and improved dollar bills. N.W.O or just an addition to curency similar to bitcoin!?!......The money! Nor does it ever grow on trees but is needed to make the world go round!...... so with a perspective on whos this and whats that!?! Whats that and whos this!?! No, its like this! Just different perspectives on the stuff! But whats the objective here to begin with!?! Money and stuff whether right or wrong or just breaking it all down to the rough! No view, perspective, opinion is better or worse, more wrong or right than the other! Just different; differences that should and need to be kept that way along with the system; systems; systematic ways of doibg thibgs with or without technology. Anyways.... remembering the golden rule: reduce, reuse, recycle; along with your 7 p's (prior, proper, planning, prevents, piss, poor, production) makes things that much better either which way! Respectfully, Antonio Elias Henao

---
## [NullCGT/SpliceHack-Rewrite](https://github.com/NullCGT/SpliceHack-Rewrite)@[1804ce6a52...](https://github.com/NullCGT/SpliceHack-Rewrite/commit/1804ce6a52d8c5abc2b0656c237cf8bb37b36f38)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 21:15:42 by copperwater

Allow teleport into no-teleport spots in wizmode

This was something that really annoyed aosdict. The wizard-mode character
should be able to do things such as teleporting directly into the
Wizard's Tower without having to go through the magic portal, or have
some way of entering solid rock without turning into a xorn.

There is now a prompt to confirm that you want to teleport somewhere you
couldn't normally. If you refuse you'll still get "Sorry..." like
normal; otherwise there's no restriction and you'll teleport there.

Note that you can teleport on top of monsters in wizard mode with this
now, because this doesn't cause any bugs, it just displaces the monster
to the closest available square.

Also add message for wizard mode teleport overriding non-teleport level

---
## [SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended)@[ed44ed33fe...](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended/commit/ed44ed33fed74292ffb93566952c9f50a160a0d6)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 22:05:45 by AmyBSOD

Add a few new artifacts

It should be literally impossible to find them offensive but I know a community whose members are probably capable of seeing something offensive here as well. After all, they managed to interpret "pedophilia" into the game, which isn't really there (like why the fuck would I put such a thing into the game???), and even accuse me of having done that on purpose, when it was really them who decided to take several features that are actually completely unrelated to each other, and intentionally drew the worst possible conclusions just so they'd have an excuse for getting rid of me.

For the record, Elona is much worse in that regard. Elona allows the player to have a little girl as a starting pet, which has a graphical sprite that is even animated in a limited fashion, and the player character in Elona can have sex with anyone and anything. Plus Elona also has quite descriptive messages including, but not limited to, "the little girl gets wet" "a little girl corpse gets perfectly broiled" "the little girl disgustedly brushes you away" "the little girl uneasily feels her stomach" (the latter being given when she's pregnant) and the Elona player character can freely grope her, put her on a ranch, have her breed more little girl offspring, sell those offspring girls to the slave trader, slaughter them and eat their meat, MILK them, make a baby with them (by having sex, obviously)... None of those actions are considered a crime in-game either, but if you steal an empty bottle of beer, you'll instantly become public enemy number one. Anyway, if Elona can have all that and still be allowed to be discussed in their channel, then SLEX really shouldn't be on the index either especially since it has no animated graphics, but there you have it.

---
## [ThPacifist/Embodiment](https://github.com/ThPacifist/Embodiment)@[00ac8ed964...](https://github.com/ThPacifist/Embodiment/commit/00ac8ed96400da6db60ad97e13bc71d33beee0e5)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 23:00:14 by TheRedSpy43

More box shit

BAT CAN NOW PICK UP BOXES!!! FUCK YEAH!

---
## [ydirson/gl-streaming](https://github.com/ydirson/gl-streaming)@[0f4fdc2866...](https://github.com/ydirson/gl-streaming/commit/0f4fdc2866f8b839a0bfcbe49507658c5177d9b5)
#### Thursday 2021-09-02 23:27:17 by Yann Dirson

clientegl: switch eglGetProcAddress away from dlsym()

Using dlsym(NULL) was catching symbol from any LD_PRELOAD instead of
ours, causing apitrace to abort (because we're returning its own
wrappers).

It's not easy to write portable code to restrict dlsym() to our shared
lib, so we could instead add a hopefully-unique __GLS_ prefix to make
the lookup more reliable, but it would require to have __GLS_ aliases
for builtin API functions... and this causes headaches to eg. glmark2
when it uses eglGetProcAddress on builtin functions (the
SIGSEGV-shaped kind of headache).  Not to mention that writing the
aliases was painful, and that a sane code generator for them was going
to require the same reworks you now see in the preceding commits...

... rather than making an arguably dirty hack work, doing our own
lookup and properly using only static functions for extensions is Just
Better(tm).

---

# [<](2021-09-01.md) 2021-09-02 [>](2021-09-03.md)

