# [<](2021-04-05.md) 2021-04-06 [>](2021-04-07.md)

3,295,273 events, 1,712,399 push events, 2,708,816 commit messages, 196,685,538 characters


## [newstools/2021-daily-dispatch](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-dispatch)@[e6e96bb476...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-daily-dispatch/commit/e6e96bb4762e1a535ca202d27050e2d812d8f4b8)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 00:30:05 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.dispatchlive.co.za/news/2021-04-05-dying-boyfriend-confesses-to-dumping-body-of-girlfriends-daughter-in-river/]

---
## [LastTuna/Tunaris-Game](https://github.com/LastTuna/Tunaris-Game)@[644c2db72a...](https://github.com/LastTuna/Tunaris-Game/commit/644c2db72a3394ff26b7b5cfe61cdd1d9b6ec4e2)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 01:07:10 by Danny Walovsch

i break shit and you fix it bitch

thats how life be holmes

---
## [jnguyen1098/TISC](https://github.com/jnguyen1098/TISC)@[e3b174c709...](https://github.com/jnguyen1098/TISC/commit/e3b174c70933d95c373f11f01de249900091a9c5)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 01:31:23 by jnguyen1098

add unit testing framework and add to project

Additions
- Added `unit_tests` module. It is very hacky at the moment. It is
  currently just a module in the `src/` folder. In my opinion, had
  I structured my `makefile` correctly, the file would likely be
  within the `tests/` folder, but it's in `src/` despite not being
  an actual source file. I may fix this someday, but at thei point
  I just want unit tests.

- Added to the `test` recipe in the `makefile`. Rather than go and
  delegate to a `run_tests.sh` script, I chose to do it directly
  in the `makefile`. Kind of weird, but seeing how I specified the
  `makefile` `SHELL` as `bash`, the `&&` and `||` operators should
  work perfectly fine. It will rely on the return code of the unit
  test functions.

- Added testing option to the mainline where if you run the binary
  as ./TISC test, it will override the usual file reading process
  and instead run the unit tests. Following that, it will exit. I
  think this is pretty hacky (and will probably bug the users who
  decide to name an input file `test'. Shame on them for now.

Changes
- Renamed the original tests to `E2E tests'. In my opinion, these
  tests test the entire TISC program flow, though calling them
  `integration tests' wouldn't be a bad idea.

Removals
- Removed some newlines from the test flows.

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[78f3078395...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/78f307839550f01e99134ff9f2816e2be70868ce)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 02:42:57 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-04-05. See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (AB, BC, MB, ON); testing (AB, ON).

Today’s case numbers for AB will include cases all for the past 4 days since we only got health region-level information today. Thus, the time series will be adjusted such that the health region-level totals match up today.

Today’s case numbers for BC will total 104,920 whereas the province is reporting a total of 104,061. This is based on adding up the daily numbers from the press releases given in the past 3 days. Since they are not updating their CSV or dashboard until tomorrow, these case numbers may change in the future.

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “4 new deaths, for a total of 10,697 deaths: 1 death in the last 24 hours, 1 death between March 29 and April 3, 1 death before March 29, 1 death at an unknown date.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [Sahil0706/HackerEarth_Solutions](https://github.com/Sahil0706/HackerEarth_Solutions)@[f3d04bc926...](https://github.com/Sahil0706/HackerEarth_Solutions/commit/f3d04bc92655cf5f36bcac08b490c4fcd42a5067)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 04:20:18 by Sahil0706

Level : Easy

Problem
Rash is known about his love for racing sports. He is an avid Formula 1 fan. He went to watch this year's Indian Grand Prix at New Delhi. He noticed that one segment of the circuit was a long straight road. It was impossible for a car to overtake other cars on this segment. Therefore, a car had to lower down its speed if there was a slower car in front of it. While watching the race, Rash started to wonder how many cars were moving at their maximum speed. Formally, you're given the maximum speed of N cars in the order they entered the long straight segment of the circuit. Each car will prefers to move at its maximum speed. If that's not possible because of the front car being slow, it might have to lower its speed. It still moves at the fastest possible speed while avoiding any collisions. For the purpose of this problem, you can assume that the straight segment is infinitely long. Count the number of cars which were moving at their maximum speed on the straight segment.

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases to follow. Description of each test case contains 2 lines. The first of these lines contain a single integer N, the number of cars. The second line contains N space separated integers, denoting the maximum speed of the cars in the order they entered the long straight segment.

Output

For each test case, output a single line containing the number of cars which were moving at their maximum speed on the segment.

---
## [jckdm/tiled](https://github.com/jckdm/tiled)@[686811fbd1...](https://github.com/jckdm/tiled/commit/686811fbd1329fce8a153d2965c57e7b9d6d6b59)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 04:27:05 by jckdm

25 days later, i realize my javascript SUCKED. took some time to give it love.

---
## [joshkim23/sorting-algo-visualization-app](https://github.com/joshkim23/sorting-algo-visualization-app)@[5d45e2c217...](https://github.com/joshkim23/sorting-algo-visualization-app/commit/5d45e2c217f8a102fed9b1db88195f3d5fab0aad)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 11:08:42 by Joshua Kim

quick sort is working now, holy crap that was so hard and ridiculous. Must be bc it's 4am and brain isn't at 100% but damn all online explanations were trash they missed a super key piece of this entire thing smh figured it out on my own

---
## [LINBIT/drbdd](https://github.com/LINBIT/drbdd)@[6956737cc0...](https://github.com/LINBIT/drbdd/commit/6956737cc00a700a02a8cbf958295d96582f38a4)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 14:39:19 by Roland Kammerer

events2: add "path" information

This is mainly a preparation step for the prometheus plugin, which will
benefit from the IP information we then can expose.

While it looks weird that the get_path_updated() always returns None,
this is fine. We will internally split plugins into "change_plugins"
(current ones) and "events_plugins" (prometheus) soon. For now we only
have change_plugins and there we don't want to trigger updates for path
changes.

While at it refactor the Resource methods. This is new cleaner/easier
reusable by not handing in a type for some getters, but the actual
information (like a volume ID, or a peer ID). This still still is ugly
and will need some more love (e.g., replacing lists with maps,...).

---
## [mjsir911/php-git](https://github.com/mjsir911/php-git)@[816f0dd063...](https://github.com/mjsir911/php-git/commit/816f0dd063d619fcee0b113cc12a44558a0e9dcf)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 15:02:12 by Marco Sirabella

Add ReferenceIterator & repository->references()

Fuckin iterators man, giving me loads of trouble.

Also it sucks alternative constructors aren't a proper thing

---
## [UtsavBalar1231/android_device_xiaomi_raphael-sepolicy](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/android_device_xiaomi_raphael-sepolicy)@[2eee6311f5...](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/android_device_xiaomi_raphael-sepolicy/commit/2eee6311f55cf00a1324e601d582c66ec640041c)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 15:33:28 by Rohan Hasabe

Revert "raphael-sepolicy: Label audio_hal.in_period_size"

* fuck you xiaomi

This reverts commit 3d9d7a43425c0bc5562bd29328659907a60d77f1.

---
## [Wawamama/codewars-kata](https://github.com/Wawamama/codewars-kata)@[e60b239e8d...](https://github.com/Wawamama/codewars-kata/commit/e60b239e8d5845a3f8a011383f1c532bd52f84ea)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 15:44:05 by Marion Saul

Create kyu7-paulsmisery.js

Paul is an excellent coder and sits high on the CW leaderboard. He solves kata like a banshee but would also like to lead a normal life, with other activities. But he just can't stop solving all the kata!!

Given an array (x) you need to calculate the Paul Misery Score. The values are worth the following points:

kata = 5
Petes kata = 10
life = 0
eating = 1
The Misery Score is the total points gained from the array. Once you have the total, return as follows:

<40 = 'Super happy!'
<70 >=40 = 'Happy!'
<100 >=70 = 'Sad!'
=100 = 'Miserable!'

---
## [liferay/liferay-frontend-projects](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-frontend-projects)@[77db6f875c...](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-frontend-projects/commit/77db6f875cdbb05b05ff5bd5a7d456a04d19b707)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 16:51:06 by Greg Hurrell

feat(npm-scripts): allow format/lint to run without package.json

As noted in the doc comment, `yarn run liferay-npm-scripts` will `cd` to
the closest project root (ie. directory that has a `package.json` file)
before invoking our tool. By that time, it is "too late", to know where
we were invoked from. Fortunately, it sets an `INIT_CWD` environment
variable with this information.

Whenever we run the `lint()` or `format()` functions (whether in `check`
or `fix` modes), we check to see if `INIT_CWD` is defined and different
from our apparent "current" working directory. If there is a
discrepancy, that means that the user is probably working down inside a
`src/` directory (or similar), or they are running in a project that
doesn't have a `package.json` (eg. `click-to-chat-web`). Nevertheless,
projects like `click-to-chat-web` do have JSP in them even though they
don't have a `package.json`, so it is reasonable to want to format them
with our frontend formatting tools.

Now, prior to this change, running `yarn run format` in a place like
`click-to-chat-web` would result in `yarn` starting from the "top" level
(`modules/`) directory and running formatting for the entire repo, which
would work but is slow. Running from a subdirectory inside a project
with a `package.json` (like `frontend-js-react-web`) wasn't quite as
bad, because `yarn` would `cd` up to the project root where the
`package.json` lives and run from there; our default globs would take
effect (which have the form "/src/**/*.jsp" etc).

After this change, if we detect that `INIT_CWD` is set and different,
that means we are "down" somewhere where there is no `package.json`. We
walk up the filesystem looking for a `build.gradle` or a `package.json`,
whichever we see first, and we run from there. This means that one of
three scenarios may apply:

- Inside `click-to-chat-web` you get exactly what you would want and the
  JSP files get checked/formatted.
- Inside a subdirectory of `frontend-js-react-web` we behave as though
  we'd run from the project root.
- In a place like `modules/apps/frontend-js`, which does have a
  `build.gradle`, we stop there and run with the default globs (eg.
  "/src/**" etc) which effectively means we format nothing (previously
  we would format _everything_, which is slow).

So what we have is strictly an improvement over what we had, but we
should note these "gotchas":

- `gradlew formatSource` will not invoke `liferay-npm-scripts` in
  modules without `package.json` files. This is something that we could
  ask Hugo to change if we cared. I suspect we don't want to do that
  though because it could have unpleasant side-effects (eg. on an older
  branch not using this version of `@liferay/npm-scripts`, it would
  fall back to the old behavior of running frontend formatting across
  the entire repo just because somebody ran `gradlew formatSource`; not
  good because it is too slow).
- I guess you could run this from "crazy" places which have
  `build.gradle` files but aren't really what we'd consider to be
  "projects" (I'm thinking of places under "third-party/" or "util/" or
  "sdk/" for example). But if you do that with an explicit `yarn run
  format` you probably are asking for it, and unintended formatting
  won't happen anyway unless your directory has "src/**" stuff in it. On
  the off chance that you do mess something up, our Java Source
  Formatter has a reasonable chance of catching anything egregious
  during `ci:test:sf`, and our formatting changes are supposed to be
  relatively benign in any case. Overall, I think it's worth it.

Test plan:

1. Copy over these changes to a liferay-portal checkout and add
   some `console.log()` to see the current working directory, globs, and
   paths after glob expansion. Run under all the scenarios listed above,
   plus from the `modules/` root and see that it continues working as
   before.
2. Run unit tests to make sure we didn't break anything. Note the hacky
   setting of `INIT_CWD` necessary to stop our `format()` tests from
   `cd`-ing out of where we want them to actually run.

Closes: https://github.com/liferay/liferay-frontend-projects/issues/483

---
## [bananadroid/android_frameworks_base](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_frameworks_base)@[d6fabb43ba...](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_frameworks_base/commit/d6fabb43ba87aebadff2265db1505e160eed340b)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 16:54:36 by ezio84

Fix 2tap2wake after Ambient Pulsing on some devices

like taimen and walleye, instead sunfish (and probably newer pixels)
doesn't need this

To apply, override the config_has_weird_dt_sensor bool in the device tree

Change-Id: I03bc7fc52874252fc897413d44b27ebf06ee148a

----
TL;DR
for some reason, on taimen and walleye, after ambient pulsing
gets triggered by adb with the official "com.android.systemui.doze.pulse"
intent or by our custom "wake to ambient" features, the double tap
sensor dies if you follow this steps:
- screen is OFF
- trigger ambient pulsing with a double tap to wake (if custom wake to
  ambient feature is enabled), or the official intent by adb, or with
  music ticker or any other event
- after ambient display shows up, don't touch anything and wait till the
  screen goes OFF again
- double tap to wake, again
- the double tap sensor doesn't work at all and device doesn't wake up

Now, funny thing, after the steps above, if you cover then uncover the
proximity/brightness sensor with the hand, then double tap to wake
again, the wake gesture works as expected.

When covering/uncovering the proximity/brightness sensor, this happens:
11-10 22:02:00.916   967   998 I ASH     : @ 1993.460: ftm4_disable_sensor: disabling sensor [double-tap]
11-10 22:02:02.013   967   998 I ASH     : @ 1994.556: ftm4_enable_sensor: enabling sensor [double-tap]

When you switch screen ON with power button, the doze screen states do
the same: the sensor gets disabled then enabled again if device goes
to DOZE idle state.

Instead, after Ambient pulsing, when the pulsing finishes, the sensor
is still enabled, so the disable/enable event doesn't happen this
time. And that's why, for some reason, it doesn't respond anymore.
----

So, in a nutshell: i've no idea why this sh#t happens lol,
but with a super lazy hacky tricky dirty bloody nooby line change,
we can force the sensor disable/enable event when the device goes
to DOZE state.

Change-Id: I8ce463a6e435e540e3ca93336c5dba7a95771b56

---
## [makingglitches/CensusScripts](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts)@[250421cd94...](https://github.com/makingglitches/CensusScripts/commit/250421cd94a5260adfc0c2de7be930082a957ba4)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 17:06:20 by Magical Marvelous MADMADMAD Mister Mim !

By my count this makes at least twice now.
While these idiots drive by doing the same things.
God life didnt used to suck this bad, why are these people so fucking boring ?

This code would have been done a long time ago when I offered to let it be pointed to by government sites once in its FINISHED, not its present VERY raw form !

---
## [ghc/ghc](https://github.com/ghc/ghc)@[21fbb05084...](https://github.com/ghc/ghc/commit/21fbb050846573162580b1291112262e512882f8)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 17:24:41 by Simon Peyton Jones

Make specialisation a bit more aggressive

The patch

    commit c43c981705ec33da92a9ce91eb90f2ecf00be9fe
    Author: Simon Peyton Jones <simonpj@microsoft.com>
    Date:   Fri Oct 23 16:15:51 2009 +0000
    Fix Trac #3591: very tricky specialiser bug

fixed a nasty specialisation bug /for DFuns/.  Eight years
later, this patch

    commit 2b74bd9d8b4c6b20f3e8d9ada12e7db645cc3c19
    Author: Simon Peyton Jones <simonpj@microsoft.com>
    Date:   Wed Jun 7 12:03:51 2017 +0100
    Stop the specialiser generating loopy code

extended it to work for /imported/ DFuns.  But in the process
we lost the fact that it was needed only for DFuns! As a result
we started silently losing useful specialisation for non-DFuns.
But there was no regression test to spot the lossage.

Then, nearly four years later, Andreas filed #19599, which showed
the lossage in high relief.  This patch restores the DFun test,
and adds Note [Avoiding loops (non-DFuns)] to explain why.

This is undoubtedly a very tricky corner of the specialiser,
and one where I would love to have a more solid argument, even a
paper!  But meanwhile I think this fixes the lost specialisations
without introducing any new loops.

I have two regression tests, T19599 and T19599a, so I hope we'll
know if we lose them again in the future.

Vanishingly small effect on nofib.

A couple of compile-time benchmarks improve
  T9872a(normal) ghc/alloc  1660559328.0  1643827784.0  -1.0% GOOD
  T9872c(normal) ghc/alloc  1691359152.0  1672879384.0  -1.1% GOOD
Many others wiggled around a bit.

Metric Decrease:
    T9872a
    T9872c

---
## [venturahimself/venturahimself](https://github.com/venturahimself/venturahimself)@[511fd0d080...](https://github.com/venturahimself/venturahimself/commit/511fd0d08083f90d8f3ed9b36617d736aad1619b)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 20:30:00 by Lasse Kjølstad

Added: "Chatbubble" 

Fuck you and have a nice day! :)

---
## [winsasha/React_Learning](https://github.com/winsasha/React_Learning)@[2a67ba6aa4...](https://github.com/winsasha/React_Learning/commit/2a67ba6aa4b0d6230666905391735a1232f4ef4c)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 21:03:47 by winsasha

Added RegForm. Four days of paperwork, internet poking around, educational video recapitulation ... and my brain is like a fucking ass. But I did not write a single line of code myself, all these are quotes ... Apparently my business is bad.

---
## [swordcom367/Kindrid-Game-Jam](https://github.com/swordcom367/Kindrid-Game-Jam)@[e6c47d3ec1...](https://github.com/swordcom367/Kindrid-Game-Jam/commit/e6c47d3ec19289fefcf0902d663e483cbf6ed568)
#### Tuesday 2021-04-06 23:57:16 by swordcom367

UTTER RAT SHIT GUN WITH LEGS

LIKE HOLY FUCK WHY DID THIS TAKE SO LONG

---

# [<](2021-04-05.md) 2021-04-06 [>](2021-04-07.md)

