# [<](2021-04-04.md) 2021-04-05 [>](2021-04-06.md)

2,936,675 events, 1,556,857 push events, 2,301,167 commit messages, 159,669,794 characters


## [saamerm/IslandLanding](https://github.com/saamerm/IslandLanding)@[82bce9862e...](https://github.com/saamerm/IslandLanding/commit/82bce9862eaae6e79e171266dbefab8494514dca)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 00:44:51 by amira

Fixes

Fixes in PR
Dark mode force
Android : Hide the toolbar, you can keep the 3 buttons at the bottom, just make it have a background color of 36,36,36(part of change background color not done yet)
Force portrait mode

Dashboard Page
Change “LeaderBoard” to “Leaderboard”
Gamer tag page:
Center horizontally
Reword it to “Enter a gamer tag below:”
Add a placeholder “LeeroyJenkins”
Error message text should be “Gamer tag cannot be empty”
Switch gamer tag page
Center horizontally
Add a placeholder “LeeroyJenkins”
Error message text should be “Gamer tag cannot be empty”
Tutorial 1 :
“Hi ____, You are…” should be reworded to “…, you’re a passenger in a flight that is going to crash. As you are ready to jump from the plane, the pilot will provide with a time indicating when to launch your parachute.”
Tutorial 2:
Gets skipped
Tutorial 3
“Listen to the….” Should be reworded to “The time will disappear after you jump. You must launch your parachute within 1 second of the indicated time, so that you will land on the island and not get eaten up by the sharks”
Change “Next” to “Let’s Play” on the button
Game rules page
Rename “Game rules” to “Instructions”
Reword “click” to “tap” in all instances (x2)
“has elapsed.If” to “has elapsed. If”
“to next level” to “to the next level”
“Pass 10 levels” to “Pass 5 levels”
“..development.Background..” to “..development. Background..”
Change “.We help mers love, and we specialize” to “. We specialize in UI design and Mobile App Development, and we love collaborating with others. Background vectors created by pikisuperstar and music by Jorge Hernandez”
Game Page Popups:
Popup for Restart, Quit, or Win is too small on iPhone 8
Reword: After winning the popup shows “Next”, change it to “Next Level”
Message in win popup
Change the time “0.95 seconds” to total time like this “5.95 seconds”
If time difference >0.5/<-0.5, then say “5.95 seconds, you barely missed the sharks!”
If time difference <0.1/>-0.1, then say “5.05 seconds, your accuracy is amazing, you must be a skydiver!”
If time difference >0.1/<-0.1, then say “5.45 seconds, you made it on the island!”
Popups do not cover the entire screen on iPhone 8
There’s a bug where the app freezes if you don’t tap “Next Level” immediately(fixed by use parachute instead)
Feedback page:
Change “Please Enter all the field” to “Please fill out all the fields”
Win Page
If there’s a failure in the API call or if the API returns that the score was not enough, don’t show “You are now ranked NO.0”, show “Play again to sharpen your brain”
Rename “Main” to “Main Menu”
Change the Feedback popup to say “You’ve won the game. Did you enjoy playing it?” Instead of what it says right now
Lose page:
“Saamer You have landed” to “Saamer you have landed”
“..seconds,which..” to “..seconds, which..”
Update the logic:
“which is -1.30 seconds” should only show the time difference (5-1.30) “3.70 seconds”
And if time difference>0, then say “seconds too early”
And if time difference<0, then say “seconds too late”
Change “Main” button to “Dashboard”
Pasted Graphic 2.png

Leaderboard page:
If there’s no best time, the line should be hidden “Your best time is s”
If there’s an error in API, change the “Your best time..” text to say “Error connecting to global leaderboard”
“Your best time is 0.0700000001s” to “You best time is 0.07s”

---
## [TJSteed/MMM-Bible](https://github.com/TJSteed/MMM-Bible)@[fcab840694...](https://github.com/TJSteed/MMM-Bible/commit/fcab84069424566626a9af6a459f52a275f7999f)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 01:50:42 by TJSteed

Create README.md

this is a repository for adding bible verses to a magic mirror module. you can paste these lines including the quotation marks and coma into the compliments module on the default "compliments.js" found in the /modules/compliments/compliments folder in your magic mirror folder. just past the verses you like or all of them into the sections labeled "anytime" "morning" "afternoon" or "evening"... bible verses at certain points throughout the day on your mirror are a sure way to bring inspiration while you check your hair, or even the weather.. all thanks to your magic mirror!
here is the source of the books i am putting into the module: http://www.catholic-bible.org/ feel free to do any book of the bible you like but personally will be completing the wisdom books specifically except the book of job. 
to add to the project copy each chapter of bible to a text file from http://www.catholic-bible.org/ . then my preferred method of adding quotations is by using notepad++ found here for windows> Notepad++ v7.9.5 bug-fixes:
 make sure you go through and delete any empty lines (every other line). you can add quotations to each line by opening the file in notepad++ and click "search>replace" once the replace window comes up to add a quotation mark to the begining of each line do the following: in the find what bar type ^ then in the replace with bar type " make sure "regular expression" is selected in the bottom left of the box and then hit enter.
next to add ", to the end of each line- find what type $ replace with type ", make sure regular expression in the bottom corner is selected you may have to delete the last comma on the final line of the chapter or book you are contributing for the module to work correctly.
feel free to add an entire book. please only use the bible given in the read me for this project so that everything canonically accurate. 

56 readme readme tjsteed13

---
## [ccodwg/Covid19Canada](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada)@[363345528e...](https://github.com/ccodwg/Covid19Canada/commit/363345528e70df5907fd0bd7d2200d647b63d5b1)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 02:05:54 by Jean-Paul R. Soucy

New data: 2021-04-04. See data notes.

Revise historical data: cases (NS, SK).

Note: Some provinces are not reporting today due to Easter Sunday. This was also the case on 2021-04-02 (Good Friday).

Note regarding deaths added in QC today: “9 new deaths, for a total of 10,693 deaths: 1 death in the last 24 hours, 7 deaths between March 28 and April 2.” We report deaths such that our cumulative regional totals match today’s values. This sometimes results in extra deaths with today’s date when older deaths are removed.

Recent changes:

2021-01-27: Due to the limit on file sizes in GitHub, we implemented some changes to the datasets today, mostly impacting individual-level data (cases and mortality). Changes below:

1) Individual-level data (cases.csv and mortality.csv) have been moved to a new directory in the root directory entitled “individual_level”. These files have been split by calendar year and named as follows: cases_2020.csv, cases_2021.csv, mortality_2020.csv, mortality_2021.csv. The directories “other/cases_extra” and “other/mortality_extra” have been moved into the “individual_level” directory.
2) Redundant datasets have been removed from the root directory. These files include: recovered_cumulative.csv, testing_cumulative.csv, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv, vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv, vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv. All of these datasets are currently available as time series in the directory “timeseries_prov”.
3) The file codebook.csv has been moved to the directory “other”.

We appreciate your patience and hope these changes cause minimal disruption. We do not anticipate making any other breaking changes to the datasets in the near future. If you have any further questions, please open an issue on GitHub or reach out to us by email at ccodwg [at] gmail [dot] com. Thank you for using the COVID-19 Canada Open Data Working Group datasets.

- 2021-01-24: The columns "additional_info" and "additional_source" in cases.csv and mortality.csv have been abbreviated similar to "case_source" and "death_source". See note in README.md from 2021-11-27 and 2021-01-08.

Vaccine datasets:

- 2021-01-19: Fully vaccinated data have been added (vaccine_completion_cumulative.csv, timeseries_prov/vaccine_completion_timeseries_prov.csv, timeseries_canada/vaccine_completion_timeseries_canada.csv). Note that this value is not currently reported by all provinces (some provinces have all 0s).
- 2021-01-11: Our Ontario vaccine dataset has changed. Previously, we used two datasets: the MoH Daily Situation Report (https://www.oha.com/news/updates-on-the-novel-coronavirus), which is released weekdays in the evenings, and the “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset (https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-data-in-ontario), which is released every day in the mornings. Because the Daily Situation Report is released later in the day, it has more up-to-date numbers. However, since it is not available on weekends, this leads to an artificial “dip” in numbers on Saturday and “jump” on Monday due to the transition between data sources. We will now exclusively use the daily “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” dataset. Although our numbers will be slightly less timely, the daily values will be consistent. We have replaced our historical dataset with “COVID-19 Vaccine Data in Ontario” as far back as they are available.
- 2020-12-17: Vaccination data have been added as time series in timeseries_prov and timeseries_hr.
- 2020-12-15: We have added two vaccine datasets to the repository, vaccine_administration_cumulative.csv and vaccine_distribution_cumulative.csv. These data should be considered preliminary and are subject to change and revision. The format of these new datasets may also change at any time as the data situation evolves.

https://www.quebec.ca/en/health/health-issues/a-z/2019-coronavirus/situation-coronavirus-in-quebec/#c47900

Note about SK data: As of 2020-12-14, we are providing a daily version of the official SK dataset that is compatible with the rest of our dataset in the folder official_datasets/sk. See below for information about our regular updates.

SK transitioned to reporting according to a new, expanded set of health regions on 2020-09-14. Unfortunately, the new health regions do not correspond exactly to the old health regions. Additionally, the provided case time series using the new boundaries do not exist for dates earlier than August 4, making providing a time series using the new boundaries impossible.

For now, we are adding new cases according to the list of new cases given in the “highlights” section of the SK government website (https://dashboard.saskatchewan.ca/health-wellness/covid-19/cases). These new cases are roughly grouped according to the old boundaries. However, health region totals were redistributed when the new boundaries were instituted on 2020-09-14, so while our daily case numbers match the numbers given in this section, our cumulative totals do not. We have reached out to the SK government to determine how this issue can be resolved. We will rectify our SK health region time series as soon it becomes possible to do so.

---
## [kairikeymaster/LifeUp-Translation](https://github.com/kairikeymaster/LifeUp-Translation)@[812cb6620d...](https://github.com/kairikeymaster/LifeUp-Translation/commit/812cb6620d640c2eb458776743673bc358f36991)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 03:33:47 by kairikeymaster

Update strings.xml

line 1716: I still wasn't sure what you meant, so I want to make sure my new translation is accurate. I replaced the dialog with "Don't show again," which means "Do NOT show this message again the next time this error occurs." If that is what you meant by "Don't show this dialog before next crash" or "Don't prompt temporarily," then you can accept the change; otherwise we can either leave it alone or you can try to explain it in other words and I'll try a different translation.

line 286: I changed "days later" to "days from now" since that's how the English phrasing works. (We say "this task is due 3 days from now," not "this task is due 3 days later"; I can't explain why, but if there is not a specified time to which "later" can be compared, we don't just assume it's right now. It's stupid; I don't know why it's like that, it just is.)

Otherwise, I made changes according to your responses to my previous pull request! :) If you'd ever like to include a brief explanation of the Ebbinghaus repeat frequency somewhere, I would recommend: "Task repeats with decreasing frequency."

Let me know if you ever want something specific translated! I enjoy doing this kind of editing.

---
## [IntroToCode/Spring21_Recipes_Codemates10](https://github.com/IntroToCode/Spring21_Recipes_Codemates10)@[badacecc5a...](https://github.com/IntroToCode/Spring21_Recipes_Codemates10/commit/badacecc5aa58951f63c15739bbea147277d6013)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 03:58:50 by CorrineMarquardt

Update readme.md

Thanks @dpanic286 for catching the vegetable oil! I also added two tomatoes to the recipe since my friend is serious about getting vitamin C and I'm not sure if avocado will count for him. 

@Amayesing @mrayxu @dpanic286  - let me know if you have any objections before I merge into the main. Plan to do the merge tomorrow (Monday) morning unless there are any objections. Thanks!

---
## [Anikavuk/Python](https://github.com/Anikavuk/Python)@[b9af5e0088...](https://github.com/Anikavuk/Python/commit/b9af5e0088f4a3bd66f37e30464884428898b881)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 08:59:05 by Anikavuk

Create 4. Получение данных - 2

ser_id  total play        Artist   genre          track
67953  A06381D8    2.502000   Flip Grater    folk   My Old Shoes
67954  6E8E430E  139.627717       Alt & J  trance        Emotion
67955  D83CBA77  185.000000           TKN    rock    Не отступай
67956  816FBC10    2.000000         89ers   dance       Go Go Go
67957  18510741  109.000000   Steel Pulse  reggae  Chant A Psalm
67958  2E27DF51  220.551837  Nadine Coyle     pop  Girls On Fire
67959  4F29D4D5   26.127000  Digital Hero   dance      The Model
67960  26B7058C  292.455000       Red God   metal      Действуй!
67961  DB0038A8   11.529112  Less Chapell     pop           Home
67962  FE8684F6    0.100000           NaN     NaN            NaN

---
## [Shota5749/Palace-of-Pooches-Series](https://github.com/Shota5749/Palace-of-Pooches-Series)@[3c57042ecb...](https://github.com/Shota5749/Palace-of-Pooches-Series/commit/3c57042ecb9606c784ef8decf8a0bad15a937055)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 09:04:20 by Shota5749

Rename Basess to Girlfriend Who Absolutely Doesn't Want to Take a Bath vs Boyfriend Who Absolutely Wants Her to Take a Bath

---
## [gotenksIN/android_device_oneplus_sm8150-common](https://github.com/gotenksIN/android_device_oneplus_sm8150-common)@[ce936f782a...](https://github.com/gotenksIN/android_device_oneplus_sm8150-common/commit/ce936f782ada857c504354200476d17f9ccd7e60)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 10:27:12 by Omkar Chandorkar

fuck you

Signed-off-by: Omkar Chandorkar <gotenksIN@aosip.dev>

---
## [newstools/2021-herald-live](https://github.com/newstools/2021-herald-live)@[8cc44e40fb...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-herald-live/commit/8cc44e40fb59ad80101fc02062b443c69f41f43c)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 12:17:25 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.heraldlive.co.za/news/2021-04-05-dying-boyfriend-confesses-to-dumping-body-of-girlfriends-daughter-in-river/]

---
## [richasers/okio](https://github.com/richasers/okio)@[5098b013d6...](https://github.com/richasers/okio/commit/5098b013d6179a1e73b371d3223bf1d9e901fbd8)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 12:37:16 by richasers

Create Hi so coming to it u am the owner off cash app u been stressing for years about how my identity was being stolen and now I have found it since 2013 I been trying to get my things back and tonight was my night if any one can help me finish off were I need help you will be a rich man are lady god bless you all god is good and I promise to keep everyone blessed

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[3216f2bea6...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/3216f2bea6638146c0753962d4474cfea7151cf5)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 13:53:57 by FlamingLily

[READY] You know what? Fuck you. *restricts your primaries* (#4632)

* literally WHO uses rubbers in a primary

* lethal force needs lethal threats

---
## [LumberKing/Tianxia](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia)@[0c6a2f5ae2...](https://github.com/LumberKing/Tianxia/commit/0c6a2f5ae2629a48a31368860ed9653827a41d12)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 14:40:48 by Silversweeper

Iyomante, minor additions, bugfixes [IFOU]

- Added a new reformation Doctrine, giving access to the Buddhist ambitions ("Reject [negative trait]"). The AI will only consider picking this if Bön, Shenist, Muist, Ryukyuan, Thanist, or Sanamahist.
- Hanpu now gets k_jin in 941.
- Added a society power for the Ainu WL.
- Added Iyomante decision and events for the Ainu pagans.
- Further simplified the MoH calculation.
- The Chrysanthemum Throne is no longer claimable or usurpable (and thus also not revokable). The Imperial Family's possession of it is sacrosanct!
- Actually fixed Shinto characters usurping the Chrysanthemum Throne.
- Grace gain for artefacts should now be visible in the relevant tooltips.
- Grace gain for artefacts should no longer become negative when you are sending a T4 created artefact or a Magnum Opus (though both still give a slight penalty).
- Fixed the Treasure Fleet never leaving the first port it arrived in.
- Losing a Shogunate War as the Tenno now forces you to abdicate to a dynasty member liked by the new Shogun. Accepting the initial ultimatum does not force abdication.
- Added targeted decisions for a would-be player Shogun currently fighting a Shogunate War to choose an Imperial Candidate to back and to revoke their backing. If none is picked (or they die or convert), the Tenno will instead abdicate to a dynastic relative you like (based on character opinion).
- Titles that become Chinese Imperial should now have "short_name = no" set, which should fix e.g. "Emperor of the Chu" instead of "Emperor of Chu".
- Relevant titles (e.g. the ERE) that stop being Chinese Imperial should have "short_name = yes" set once more.
- Added a disclaimer message to let people know when they start after the last fully supported start date and what that means as far as bugfixing goes.
- The Tenno can no longer grant kingdoms (or empires, but that's never relevant) to other governments, which ensures he cannot give the Chrysanthemum Throne away.
- Added missing Japanese Feudal trait (and thus government) for the Kujo Shoguns.
- Updated the CoAs of k_annam and e_vietnam.
- Dogmatic reformations no longer let you keep intermarriage with the Shinto religion if you had it prior to reforming.
- Creating e_korea now requires one of k_silla, k_baekje, and k_goryeo, in addition to at least one other kingdom. Shouldn't really cause any difficulty for anyone in a position to create the empire.
- Cleaned up some old (unused) Korean events and decisions that were sensible to cut.
- Minor history fixes/adjustments.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[a54b528dfa...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/a54b528dfaef82f79121d7e1ce16b2407d0dc3b6)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 16:50:17 by Ryll Ryll

Refactors shielded hardsuits into a component, fixes kisses consuming shield charges (#57797)

Shielded hardsuits (like the syndie ones) and shielded cult robes, despite functioning very similarly, were actually implemented twice in their own pockets of clothing code. This merges them into one component that lets you block a certain number of attacks while your suit has charges, and have the suit recharge itself after going so long without being hit (optional, cult robes still don't regain lost charges).

This PR also fixes harmless kiss projectiles consuming charges on shielded suits, I'm sure to much disappointment. They'll now pass directly through though, so you can still try your luck to see if love truly conquers all (it probably won't).

One casualty of this is that you can no longer toggle the shield color of syndie hardsuits with a multitool since that it was annoying to componentize, not something that affected gameplay, and probably something noone knew you could do anyway.

Fixes: #57723

---
## [newstools/2021-sowetan-live](https://github.com/newstools/2021-sowetan-live)@[532aa25660...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-sowetan-live/commit/532aa2566038f32e54eec3f053ef922bcb9d3d31)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 19:18:54 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.sowetanlive.co.za/news/south-africa/2021-04-05-dying-boyfriend-confesses-to-dumping-body-of-girlfriends-daughter-in-river/]

---
## [InfoTeddy/VVVVVV](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV)@[c03f3aed49...](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV/commit/c03f3aed49bec06cb132240b8644ef9de005da1e)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 20:11:42 by Misa

Switch assets mounting to dedicated directory

This fixes an issue where you would be able to mount things other than
custom assets in per-level custom asset directories and zips.

To be fair, the effects of this issue were fairly limited - about the
only thing I could do with it was to override a user-made quicksave of a
custom level with one of my own. However, since the quicksave check
happens before assets are mounted, if the user didn't have an existing
quicksave then they wouldn't be able load my quicksave. Furthermore,
mounting things like settings.vvv simply doesn't work because assets
only get mounted when the level gets loaded, but the game only reads
from settings.vvv on startup.

Still, this is an issue, and just because it only has one effect doesn't
mean we should single-case patch that one effect only. So what can we
do?

I was thinking that we should (1) mount custom assets in a dedicated
directory, and then from there (2) mount each specific asset directly -
namely, mount the graphics/ and sounds/ folders, and mount the
vvvvvvmusic.vvv and mmmmmm.vvv files. For (1), assets are now mounted at
a (non-existent) location named .vvv-mnt/assets/. However, (2) doesn't
fully work due to how PhysFS works.

What DOES work is being able to mount the graphics/ and sounds/ folders,
but only if the custom assets directory is a directory. And, you
actually have to use the real directory where those graphics/ and
sounds/ folders are located, and not the mounted directory, because
PHYSFS_mount() only accepts real directories. (In which case why bother
mounting the directory in the first place if we have to use real
directories anyway?) So already this seems like having different
directory and zip mounting paths, which I don't want...

I tried to unify the directory and zip paths and get around the real
directory limitation. So for mounting each individual asset (i.e.
graphics/, sounds/, but especially vvvvvvmusic.vvv and mmmmmm.vvv), I
tried doing PHYSFS_openRead() followed by PHYSFS_mountHandle() with that
PHYSFS_File, but this simply doesn't work, because PHYSFS_mountHandle()
will always create a PHYSFS_Io object, and pass it to a PhysFS internal
helper function named openDirectory() which will only attempt to treat
it as a directory if the PHYSFS_Io* passed is NULL. Since
PHYSFS_mountHandle() always passes a non-NULL PHYSFS_Io*,
openDirectory() will always treat it like a zip file and never as a
directory - in contrast, PHYSFS_mount() will always pass a NULL
PHYSFS_Io* to openDirectory(), so PHYSFS_mount() is the only function
that works for mounting directories.

(And even if this did work, having to keep the file open (because of the
PHYSFS_openRead()) results in the user being unable to touch the file on
Windows until it gets closed, which I also don't want.)

As for zip files, PHYSFS_mount() works just fine on them, but then we
run into the issue of accessing the individual assets inside it. As
covered above, PHYSFS_mount() only accepts real directories, so we can't
use it to access the assets inside, but then if we do the
PHYSFS_openRead() and PHYSFS_mountHandle() approach,
PHYSFS_mountHandle() will treat the assets inside as zip files instead
of just mounting them normally!

So in short, PhysFS only seems to be able to mount directories and zip
files, and not any loose individual files (like vvvvvvmusic.vvv and
mmmmmm.vvv). Furthermore, directories inside directories works, but
directories inside zip files doesn't (only zip files inside zip files
work).

It seems like our asset paths don't really work well with PhysFS's
design. Currently, graphics/, sounds/, vvvvvvmusic.vvv, and mmmmmm.vvv
all live at the root directory of the VVVVVV folder. But what would work
better is if all of those items were organized into a subfolder, for
example, a folder named assets/. So the previous assets mounting system
before this patch would just have mounted assets/ and be done with it,
and there would be no risk of mounting extraneous files that could do
bad things. However, due to our unorganized asset paths, the previous
system has to mount assets at the root of the VVVVVV folder, which
invites the possibility of those extraneous bad files being mounted.

Well, we can't change the asset paths now, that would be a pretty big
API break (maybe it should be a 2.4 thing). So what can we do?

What I've done is, after mounting the assets at .vvv-mnt/assets/, when
the game loads an asset, it checks if there's an override available
inside .vvv-mnt/assets/, and if so, the game will load that asset
instead of the regular one. This is basically reimplementing what PhysFS
SHOULD be able to do for us, but can't. This fixes the issue of being
able to mount a quicksave for a custom level inside its asset directory.

I should also note, the unorganized asset paths issue also means that
for .zip files (which contain the level file), the level file itself is
also technically mounted at .vvv-mnt/assets/. This is harmless (because
when we load a level file, we never load it as an asset) but it's still
a bit ugly. Changing the asset paths now seems more and more like a good
thing to do...

---
## [Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp)@[c5ddbbc430...](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/commit/c5ddbbc430790fb8718dab7df792633c63f33d19)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 21:24:43 by Anton Kolesnyk

Changes around context expiration naming and types (#2033)

This would unblock #2010.

Closes #2032.
Closes #1880.

I know this comes out of the blue, but it seems to me the right change to do. This is a proposal, let me know what you think.

First, I started with the fact that we need to make `CancelWhen()` public.
Then, I realized that I don't like the `CancelWhen()` naming. `CancelAt()` is better?
But `CancelAt()` sounds like an order to do something, not as getter.
So, it should be named `Get...`. `GetCancelWhen()`? `GetCancelAt()`? Sounds strage.

`GetDeadline()` - not bad, bit it is not that clear, what the deadline is.
And I looked at the `WithDeadline()` method. And in comment, the first line is `@brief Create a context with expiration.`.
"Expiration" sounds better explanation for the essense of the "deadline".

So, I went with `GetExpiration()`. I think "Expiration" is also a better name, because should we want to add the method called "bool IsExpired()", it comes naturally using the existing terminology, sounds better than "`IsPastDeadline()`".

Next thing - if we have "`GetExpiration()`", it is strange to have a method called `Get()`. So, we have `WithExpiration()` and `WithValue()`. So, it sounds like the getter should be called `GetValue()`. I did that rename as well.

Then, I looked at "`With...`" method naming. It is a factory method. If for getters we have `Get`, then for factory methods we should have `Create`. So, I renamed `WithExpiration()` and `WithValue()` to `CreateWithExpiration()` and `CreateWithValue()`.

Then I looked at `Context::time_point` typedef. First, in general, if we can avoid public typedefs, it is better, because we don't need to document them and worry if we broke client code when we change them.
Second, it is strange that we use `Azure::DateTime` everywhere, but not in context.

So, I replaced it with `Azure::DateTime`. It is good because it allows us to drop to/from epoch conversions (#1880), and really all that extra dance we do to cast to representation and back to datetime is the ways to stay within legal type casting limits of compiler type declaration, while in reality there isn't much that is happening in the code: `DateTime` is essentially an `int64`, and with all these conversions to epoch time, then to representation and back, compiler does not generate real code, it still operates with that only `int64`.

Why we cast to `DateTime::rep` and back at all? Context stores it as `atomic`, and I am not questioning that. You can't get `std::atomic<DateTime>` today explicitly, so we "extract" representation (`int64`) and store it as `std::atomic<DateTime::rep>`, which is the same thing as `std::atomic_int64`.

-- Update: --
1. "Expiration" => "Deadline" (Jeffrey's request)
2. Added `Context::HasExpiration()` (response to Jinming) // plus, we do have `HasValue()` so why not have `HasDeadline()`.
3. `WithDeadline()`, `WithValue` => Two overloads of `CreateChildContext()` (my own initiative).

-- Update 2: --
`CreateChildContext()` => `WithDeadline()`, `WithValue`

-- Update 3: --
Removed `HasDeadline()`

---
## [nattthebear/ff12characterplanner](https://github.com/nattthebear/ff12characterplanner)@[3246e6ff3f...](https://github.com/nattthebear/ff12characterplanner/commit/3246e6ff3f69c9ea200c51f14734266d98b81c8b)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 22:05:38 by nattthebear

Add weather, evasion, oil to DPS planner (#16)

* Speed up the optimizer:  Our optimizer was too slow, so had some speedup hacks in it, and those speedup hacks interacted poorly with weather.  The optimizer is now much faster, primarily because it can look at items and eliminate possibilities that are entirely subsumed by other possibilities.  For instance, if Dragon Helm (9str) and Genji Helm (9str, 4mag) are both available, the Dragon Helm will never be checked and the Genji Helm always will.

* Slow down the optimizer:  With the newfound speed, we can now properly implement more things so that gear selection should be correct when weather is involved.  There are also some slight improvements in non-weather gear selection, especially with respect to the speed stat when strength or magic is maxed out.

* Add support for weather/terrain, block, parry, and the oiled debuff.  The system understands and will sometimes recommend the Cameo Belt or the Agate Ring to get around these.

* (Minor Bugfix): Wyrmhero Blade is now understood to give bravery.

---
## [newstools/2021-the-chronicle](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-chronicle)@[0d3d2d89b0...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-chronicle/commit/0d3d2d89b03a4c9c0e8c17899a063b15c6331402)
#### Monday 2021-04-05 22:59:01 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.chronicle.co.zw/the-pain-when-a-girl-ghosts-you-siza-mdlongwa-sings-about-friends-experience/]

---

# [<](2021-04-04.md) 2021-04-05 [>](2021-04-06.md)

