# [<](2021-06-09.md) 2021-06-10 [>](2021-06-11.md)

3,687,229 events, 1,494,143 push events, 2,453,707 commit messages, 194,896,567 characters


## [Ti6/linkcount](https://github.com/Ti6/linkcount)@[90c878a740...](https://github.com/Ti6/linkcount/commit/90c878a7404eb15ca453d5a0d87a0888820d5a73)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 01:28:17 by Ti6

Create Hola world wide time to work on a good deal to do so that I would be willing not a bad thing you would be happy if I didn't get a new creator and a way for you and your wife and global partners and global partners and partners in my name in my career to do it in your life to get a better life in this country that I can do that you have the opportunity of the year of my family for you to do that to my family for a while but if they do it again and the same thing is true the most money you are in the end I don't have any other choice but you can be the president in my name and I will have a great day of this year's first and last night in a state

---
## [CryptoChat-dev/cli](https://github.com/CryptoChat-dev/cli)@[92749304a6...](https://github.com/CryptoChat-dev/cli/commit/92749304a6ba74ac08a161471eaa362758ef1651)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 03:20:28 by httpjamesm

Merge pull request #10 from ioensis/patch-1

FUCK YOU BOT

---
## [CryptoChat-dev/cli](https://github.com/CryptoChat-dev/cli)@[985cff7374...](https://github.com/CryptoChat-dev/cli/commit/985cff7374a2479b30bdfb02ddb86439dffbafe1)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 03:22:48 by httpjamesm

Merge pull request #11 from ioensis/master

fuck you bot

---
## [species-nova/PD2HEAT](https://github.com/species-nova/PD2HEAT)@[7a6b84d9d4...](https://github.com/species-nova/PD2HEAT/commit/7a6b84d9d46ddb2067d549d441b12b08d896dd28)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 03:36:16 by Ravicale

The big commit.

PlayerDamage partial rewrite.
	All damage_x functions route through a new _apply_damage function for things that were common between them.
	Friendly fire can no longer be *easily* used to proc many perk deck effects (IE: Kingpin, Stoic, Ex-Pres, SB ace, Rogue).
		Required changes to how a bunch of explosion damage is propogated to the player. I think I have *most* edge cases covered, but I'm not 100% certain.
	Grace piercing should not work properly and only apply the difference in damage you would have taken.
	Armor breaking now properly gives you an unpiercable grace period.
	Removed some unused code call things (IE: old code still called stuff for bag die packs).
	Stoic flask now calculates delayed damage *after* all other modifiers.
		This is a massive stealth nerf that fixes a lot of (as of yet unexploited) potential exploits and inconsistency.
		Assuming, a 55 damage rifle shot + 50% DR using ICTV (from the DR interact skill or FAKs):
			Old: 16.5 delayed damage, 19.25 damage taken. Flask use == 22 net health restored. Autoclear == 1.375 net health restored.
			New (+ buffs): 7.0125 delayed damage, 16.3625 damage taken. Flask use == 4.675 net health restored. Autoclear == 5.84375 net health lost.
			This is an extreme case, mind you. The difference is far smaller in standard play.
	Probs a bunch of other shit I can't remember. Read comments in code I guess.

Stoic adjustments (to compensate for stoic bug fix):
	Heal increased to 300% of DOT, from 250%.
	Deflection is no longer disabled.

Fixed sniper focus sound being inverted.

Updated OVERHEAT localization.

Imported resmod's ExplosionManager refactor.

Added functionality: Ding!

---
## [gnoem/garden](https://github.com/gnoem/garden)@[367c31030f...](https://github.com/gnoem/garden/commit/367c31030f4872af1993330753955eda5cb94f26)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 06:06:51 by Gnome

absolutely ridiculous workaround for safari ignoring bottom padding for some reason

i wasted 2 hours of my life on this shit

---
## [gitster/git](https://github.com/gitster/git)@[afffc20b47...](https://github.com/gitster/git/commit/afffc20b4780ac1404c01e9fc642668c8e3929ef)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 06:18:56 by Derrick Stolee

CodingGuidelines: recommend singular they

Technical writing seeks to convey information with minimal friction. One
way that a reader can experience friction is if they encounter a
description of "a user" that is later simplified using a gendered
pronoun. If the reader does not consider that pronoun to apply to them,
then they can experience cognitive dissonance that removes focus from
the information.

If we use singular "they/them" pronouns instead of "he/him" or "she/her"
pronouns, then we can avoid this congitive load on the reader.

Using singular "they" is also incredibly efficient. Choosing a gendered
pronoun is usually arbitrary between "he" or "she". Using constructs
such as "he or she", "s/he", or "(s)he" are more complicated than
singular "they".

When choosing a gendered pronoun, that pronoun no longer applies to
nearly half of possible readers. Even if we alternated between "he/him"
and "she/her" perfectly evenly, we would still expect male and female
readers to experience an incorrect pronoun half the time. However, some
readers will not prescribe to either of these binary genders. Those
readers hence suffer an incorrect pronoun the entire time. Singular
"they" applies to every reader.

Perhaps due to similar reasons, official style guides have changed their
stance on singuler "they" in recent years. For example, the APA style
guide changed their official recommendation in 2019 [1]. The MLA
handbook also references helpful ways to use singular "they" [2]. While
not fully endorsing it, the Chicago Manual of Style has removed its
blanket ban on singular "they" [3] (the previous recommendation was to
only use "it" as a singular non-gendered pronoun).

[1] https://apastyle.apa.org/blog/singular-they
[2] https://style.mla.org/using-singular-they/
[3] https://libraries.indiana.edu/chicago-manual-style-singular-pronoun-they

While not all styleguides are updating their recommendations, we can
make a choice as a project to adopt the concept because of the
efficiencies above, as well as the benefits of increased inclusion.

To futher justify singular "they" as an acceptable grammatical concept,
I include the careful research of brian m. carlson who collected their
thoughts on this matter [4] (lightly edited):

  Singular "they" has been used by native English speakers as part of
  the language for over half a millennium and is widely used and
  understood. This usage is specified in Merriam Webster[5]:

    The use of they, their, them, and themselves as pronouns of
    indefinite gender and indefinite number is well established in
    speech and writing, even in literary and formal contexts.

  Wiktionary notes[6] (references omitted):

    Usage of they as a singular pronoun began in the 1300s and has been
    common ever since, despite attempts by some grammarians, beginning
    in 1795, to condemn it as a violation of traditional (Latinate)
    agreement rules. Some other grammarians have countered that criticism
    since at least 1896. Fowler's Modern English Usage (third edition)
    notes that it "is being left unaltered by copy editors" and is "not
    widely felt to lie in a prohibited zone." Some authors compare use of
    singular they to widespread use of singular you instead of thou.

  Linguists fit roughly into two camps: prescriptive and descriptive.
  The former specify rules for people to use, and the latter document
  language as it is actually used without forming a judgment.

  Some prescriptivists think it is acceptable, and some do not. But
  descriptivists will rightly note that it is and has been commonly
  used in English across countries, cultures, and contexts for an
  extended period of time and is therefore generally accepted by most
  English speakers as a normal part of the language.  Since we are
  writing text for an English language audience who are mostly not
  linguists, we should probably consider using the language that most
  people will use in this context.

[4] https://lore.kernel.org/git/YKrk4dEjEm6+48ji@camp.crustytoothpaste.net/
[5] https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/they
[6] https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/they

Since singular "they" might be unfamiliar to some, we also list an
option to rephrase writing to use singular "you" or plural "they". We
can use singular "you" to refer to the reader instead of an abstract
user. Plural "they" works if we refer to multiple abstract users instead
of one. The English language does not have gendered versions of these
terms.

If we refer to a specific person, then using a gendered pronoun is
appropriate. There can also be other cases where it is inappropriate for
us to update the existing examples within the Git codebase, such as:

* References to real people (e.g. Linus Torvalds, "the Git maintainer").
  Do not misgender real people. If there is any doubt to the gender of a
  person, then use singular "they".

* References to fictional people with clear genders (e.g. Alice and
  Bob).

* Sample text used in test cases (e.g t3702, t6432).

* The official text of the GPL license contains uses of "he or she", but
  modifying the license this way is not within the scope of the Git
  project.

* Literal email messages in Documentation/howto/ should not be edited
  for grammatical concerns such as this, unless we update the entire
  document to fit the standard documentation format. If such an effort is
  taken on, then the authorship would change and no longer refer to the
  exact mail message.

* External projects consumed in contrib/ should not deviate solely for
  style reasons. Recommended edits should be contributed to those
  projects directly.

Other cases within the Git project were cleaned up by the previous
changes.

Helped-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>
Signed-off-by: Derrick Stolee <dstolee@microsoft.com>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [ropenscilabs/gendercoder](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/gendercoder)@[2d10761fff...](https://github.com/ropenscilabs/gendercoder/commit/2d10761fffe705941ff9fcb990ada40c09fc357a)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 07:02:00 by Lingtax

converts outputs from male and female to man or boy and woman or girl

---
## [eatmyvenom/hyarcade](https://github.com/eatmyvenom/hyarcade)@[b01a4523cb...](https://github.com/eatmyvenom/hyarcade/commit/b01a4523cb43be78b813c2562e03fca57275b4a5)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 08:18:20 by eatmyvenom

force mw bot mode

diverge mw mode

logs

bruh

Auhdashdidhusdisuhadafshuhfudis

ae

why did it have to break

dgfafdafddasfdas

aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

hhhh

eawaeeaeaaeeaseaeaeaaeeaeaeaeaaeeaeaeaaeaeaeeaeaaeeaeaaeaeaeeaeaaeaeaeeaeaaeeaeeaeeaeaeaea

WHAT THE FUCK

gggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg

im going to hurl my pc into a fucking dump

i wish the void of emotion i feel could be replaced with void of life

fix logs

---
## [allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit)@[e1b3dd8fc0...](https://github.com/allisonkarlitskaya/cockpit/commit/e1b3dd8fc030f95c7f73989254cbbeb06c5f855f)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 09:52:24 by Allison Karlitskaya

cockpit-po-plugin: stop using po2json, rework

Stop using po2json, in favour of using gettext-parser diretly.  po2json
is basically just an output transformation on gettext-parser anyway,
which is a little bit silly for us, since we then apply yet more output
transformations.

Importantly, using gettext-parser directly allows us to access the
references on the translation object returned by gettext-parser (which
will be useful in a following commit).

Also stop pretending that our output is JSON: we were using some ugly
hacks to get our plural forms function declaration into the output
"document".  Move instead to a chunk-based approach.

This refactor makes some additional reasonable assumptions about the .po
files that we will be processing, for example, that they will always
have a header, and will always declare a plurals form.  It also makes
assumptions that the consumer of the output is cockpit.js.

For our current set of .po files, this commit preserves the output
exactly as it was.

---
## [bananadroid/android_frameworks_base](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_frameworks_base)@[08af7b520d...](https://github.com/bananadroid/android_frameworks_base/commit/08af7b520d5618ca2458801df6b890af81a9ddcc)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 11:07:34 by ezio84

Fix 2tap2wake after Ambient Pulsing on some devices

like taimen and walleye, instead sunfish (and probably newer pixels)
doesn't need this

To apply, override the config_has_weird_dt_sensor bool in the device tree

Change-Id: I3aa5fb5c8eb2dacc087688c55224390dd3b0d1e9

----
TL;DR
for some reason, on taimen and walleye, after ambient pulsing
gets triggered by adb with the official "com.android.systemui.doze.pulse"
intent or by our custom "wake to ambient" features, the double tap
sensor dies if you follow this steps:
- screen is OFF
- trigger ambient pulsing with a double tap to wake (if custom wake to
  ambient feature is enabled), or the official intent by adb, or with
  music ticker or any other event
- after ambient display shows up, don't touch anything and wait till the
  screen goes OFF again
- double tap to wake, again
- the double tap sensor doesn't work at all and device doesn't wake up

Now, funny thing, after the steps above, if you cover then uncover the
proximity/brightness sensor with the hand, then double tap to wake
again, the wake gesture works as expected.

When covering/uncovering the proximity/brightness sensor, this happens:
11-10 22:02:00.916   967   998 I ASH     : @ 1993.460: ftm4_disable_sensor: disabling sensor [double-tap]
11-10 22:02:02.013   967   998 I ASH     : @ 1994.556: ftm4_enable_sensor: enabling sensor [double-tap]

When you switch screen ON with power button, the doze screen states do
the same: the sensor gets disabled then enabled again if device goes
to DOZE idle state.

Instead, after Ambient pulsing, when the pulsing finishes, the sensor
is still enabled, so the disable/enable event doesn't happen this
time. And that's why, for some reason, it doesn't respond anymore.
----

So, in a nutshell: i've no idea why this sh#t happens lol,
but with a super lazy hacky tricky dirty bloody nooby line change,
we can force the sensor disable/enable event when the device goes
to DOZE state.

Change-Id: I8ce463a6e435e540e3ca93336c5dba7a95771b56

---
## [ImNotJahan/mod](https://github.com/ImNotJahan/mod)@[50346a7ebf...](https://github.com/ImNotJahan/mod/commit/50346a7ebf9e658f05bd1f6cb3bda41ffa798433)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 12:01:47 by ImNotJahan

Bug fixes

Removed that annoying debug println's that would spam whenever you used the smithing anvil, changed up some more things so they use registry names, and made it so when you attack a god you get weakness. It's also supposed to create a beacon beam in the air when they die, but that doesn't work yet so I'll fix that in the future.

---
## [HuyRand/LibraryManagmentSystem](https://github.com/HuyRand/LibraryManagmentSystem)@[6870feb3d8...](https://github.com/HuyRand/LibraryManagmentSystem/commit/6870feb3d857b636d7ed220d29f9d8b6751cedb5)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 13:24:57 by asdqwe02

Merge branch 'main' of https://github.com/HuyRand/LibraryManagmentSystem

fuck you i want to merge this shit shut the fuck up man

---
## [b-crawl/bcrawl](https://github.com/b-crawl/bcrawl)@[7bb4f51986...](https://github.com/b-crawl/bcrawl/commit/7bb4f51986527058093ddc7845b21d286a6c0ff8)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 15:52:54 by bhauth

modified merge [Update the history section of the manual]

I've rewritten the history section to hopefully better capture the
origins of Linley's Dungeon Crawl and its progression to DCSS. Mention
Moria instead of Angband, as the former is what Linley actually gave as
his inspiration:

"Crawl started out in about 1995 when, having played PCHack and Moria, I
managed to get hold of NetHack 3.1.3. Although I liked the randomness
and the humour of it, there were some things I really wanted to fix -
the targetting system, for example - and I thought parts of it, like
spellcasting, could be made much more interesting (NetHack still has
very few spells which weren't wand/potion/scroll effects in Rogue). So I
dusted off my old Turbo C++ box and set about teaching myself C, with
only a rudimentary knowledge of Commodore 64 BASIC to get me started (I
wasn't connected to the internet in those days)."

(From https://web.archive.org/web/20060424060820/http://tvilsom.org/roguelike/50.html)

Mention Hack instead of PCHack as the latter is a direct port of Hack,
and curious readers will have an easier time finding info on the
original game; I certainly did!

The mention of traditional RPGs, specifically Ultima IV, is hopefully
interesting to people who didn't realize that PC RPGs were also an
direct inspiration, particularly the limited LOS/play area of a large
map seen in games like Ultima IV. Moria does already have a similar
play area compared to Crawl, but Linley highlighted the influence of PC
RPGs aesthetics like of Ultima in a couple of interviews. Sadly I'm only
able to find one online reference where he directly mentions them:

httpe://quote-un-quote.tumblr.com/post/2178789666/interview-with-shmup-legend-linley-henzell

Hopefully this addition to the narrative won't be seen as unreliable
original research! Internet archaeologists reading this who find
additional sources, please send them my way. I've also moved the bit
about Wizard's Castle and the Orb of Zot into this first paragraph.

For describing the transition from Linley as lead developer to Brent
Ross, to the founding of DCSS, I've cleaned up the timeline and
mentioned the two project founders, Darshan Shaligram (aka greensnark)
and Erik Piper, by name. I feel it's important to highlight their very
important efforts in getting DCSS started and include some basic details
about that from greensnark's excellent writeup, which I've also linked.

Hopefully this new history section gives a clearer picture of how the
project progressed. It's possible that we could describe the subsequent
"eras" of DCSS development in this section, but that's arguably even
more difficult to sort out. We could highlight the addition of major
features like Tiles and WebTiles, perhaps some content milestones and
notable fundamental changes. I'll leave that for a future writer, after
further discussion.

# Conflicts:
#	crawl-ref/docs/crawl_manual.rst

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7b4c5a80c1...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7b4c5a80c1d7ae4dfe2ab123aff7b37e46c114a0)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 16:21:47 by Marko Grdinić

"2:40pm. https://github.com/dhruvramani/Transformers-RL/blob/master/layers.py

This is a different library than the one I am looking at. It is ridiculously complex.

https://github.com/lucidrains/x-transformers
> pip install x-transformers

Let me get an example to run.

```py
import torch
from x_transformers import XTransformer

model = XTransformer(
    dim = 512,
    enc_num_tokens = 256,
    enc_depth = 6,
    enc_heads = 8,
    enc_max_seq_len = 1024,
    dec_num_tokens = 256,
    dec_depth = 6,
    dec_heads = 8,
    dec_max_seq_len = 1024,
    tie_token_emb = True      # tie embeddings of encoder and decoder
)

src = torch.randint(0, 256, (1, 1024))
src_mask = torch.ones_like(src).bool()
tgt = torch.randint(0, 256, (1, 1024))
tgt_mask = torch.ones_like(tgt).bool()

loss = model(src, tgt, src_mask = src_mask, tgt_mask = tgt_mask) # (1, 1024, 512)
loss.backward()
```

This runs.

Let me take a look at the source for a bit.

2:50pm. Hmmm, I thought the library would be huge, but it is only 900 LOC. This is not too much given that it has a couple of papers implemented as a part of it.

```py
new_mems = list(map(lambda t: t[..., -self.max_mem_len:, :].detach(), new_mems))
```

Huh, what are these 3 dots here?

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/772124/what-does-the-ellipsis-object-do

Ah, I see. Moving on.

3:05pm. https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.04451
Reformer: The Efficient Transformer

Let me read this. I am starting to come to a decision. The transformers are too complex for me to reimplement them on my own while using the library as a reference.

If I had a couple of weeks or a full month, that might be a decent intermediate learning project, but right now I want to keep pushing forward. For once, I am just going to take a black boy component and just plug it in, and hope the library does not have bugs in it. I'll just go with what works best in the end. If the transformers are too slow or start giving me trouble then I'll either go back to MLPs or roll my own.

It is not just that they would be hard to implement. But all the testing that would need to be done in order to have an assurance of their performance would be quite hard.

Do I feel like working on an equivalent of a char RNN all over again? Hell no.

```
src = torch.randint(0, 256, (1, 1024))
src_mask = torch.ones_like(src).bool()
tgt = torch.randint(0, 256, (1, 1024))
tgt_mask = torch.ones_like(tgt).bool()

loss = model(src,mask=src_mask)
print(loss.shape)
```

Hmmm, it actually takes it a second to run this.

Let me set the depth to 1.

3:35pm. https://github.com/jerrodparker20/adaptive-transformers-in-rl

Let me check this out.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.03761
Adaptive Transformers in RL

https://github.com/lucidrains/compressive-transformer-pytorch

Lucidrains is a beast. But I myself am thinking that transformers might be too much and that I'd be better off changing the serializer so it does ints in binary.

4:05pm. I am seeing some how-to implement transformer tutorials on the net. If I am really serious I should go for them.

But no. I can't just pick one from the library. Transformers are too complex, and for such an integral piece, I'd want to implement them myself so I can understand them.

It is out of the question to take something I do not need, just because I am attracted by its fanciness.

4:10pm. I'll definitely be using transformers for something in the future - just not poker.

Instead of transformers I'd be better off doing a new serializer that can serialize int in binary format.

Even if I used MLPs, it is not like inputs of 1-2k elements which I would need to get max sequence length in HU NL would be that large.

Forget it.

If I was forced to say clearly what I want here, that would be neurochips. I'd implement RNNs on them and add transformer like memory mechanisms on the side.

I would have used transformers if all of the library examples that I could find weren't so ridiculously complex. The complexity expense of transformers is something I do not need right now.

4:15pm. I know that in ML, nothing ever comes for free. I could take out the transformers and run them, and they would fail to work. Then what?

With those libraries, I'd have to look under the hood. But by the time I am doing that, I might as well be implementing my own thing. Is there a single thing in ML that you can just take, and have it work right off the bat?

And this RL we are talking about, transformers did not work on it originally.

4:25pm. That is just an excuse. It is an excuse for me to not do unnecessary work.

4:35pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/reinforcementlearning/comments/ns7xmj/r_reinforcement_learning_as_one_big_sequence/

https://arxiv.org/abs/2102.11972
Do Transformer Modifications Transfer Across Implementations and Applications?

Let me check this out. I am still trying to make a decision.

4:50pm. Let me just ask on the RL sub.

5:15pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/reinforcementlearning/comments/nwq2uo/d_would_transformers_be_expected_to_work_better/

Maybe I'll get some interesting replies from this.

5:40pm. I am thinking. My mood is so low right now.

The thought of wasting 2 week trying out transformers on some toy game is throwing my motivation into the trash.

But now that I think about it, there is no way transformers will beat MLPs on a game with short sequences like Leduc. To get a significant benefit, it would have to be on a game with longer sequences like Holdem.

So I am thinking about compromising. I am done with Leduc. I want to put it behind me.

Instead why don't I train an MLP player with short fixed windows, and then pit a transformer against it?

Why am I obsessed about trying it out on Leduc anyway? I can train a transformer on NL Holdem. Against something like a random player, it should see improvement pretty quickly.

I can benchmark MLPs and transformers that way.

And if deep stack Holdem is too big, I can get the essence of the game by making the flop the final round and shrinking the stack sizes. Hell, I can shrink the deck as well. It would be bigger than Leduc, but it might still be a tangible toy task for tabular agents.

6:05pm. Done with lunch.

Yes, I should do transformers, but it should be a gradual process. Since there is no point in pitting them on Leduc, I have no need to fall into my old habit of doing side quests. Instead their evaluation should be done as part of the main one. I'll reimplement them from scratch and try them out piece by piece. There is no need to make a fuss over this.

6:10pm. It is going to happen - my next step is NL Hodem. I am going to start work on it tomorrow and nothing will stop me from finishing it this time.

I'll do Holdem, the UI for it, and the uniform player. Once that is done I will get serious about training agents to master it. At the end of this road I will have my first real world power. The foundation I've attained is solid, now it is time for the first seeds to sprout.

6:15pm. Today was lackluster. I'll finish reading the paper and then close. Though I've looked at many things today, I haven't been focusing on my studies at all. I was mired in indecision the whole time. My thoughts were wandering.

I just had to consider where the transformers fit into my plans. My fault was trying to push them into the Leduc-shaped hole and getting depressed when the peg did not fit.

I am tired and fatigued from this long journey. NL Holdem, just this one thing I want to do in life, and then lightning can strike me for all I care. I will do it even if I die and become a ghost.

I do not know what lies beyond it, but I hope that the power I will attain will be enough to tackle the challenge."

---
## [matjsilva/jarparur](https://github.com/matjsilva/jarparur)@[65ab7d592b...](https://github.com/matjsilva/jarparur/commit/65ab7d592b51dba2a96e429728a3f672e6d30c93)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 17:20:55 by matjs

Final Build (Build 4-Alpha 1.0.0)

This Build is the most important because it's gonna be the last one. Yes, finally i will launch it.

This final version of the first big update of Jarparur had some changes too:

[+] Levelling System (gameHandler.py) => This one right here can make you go from a completely novice to a freaking awesome master (yeah, titles!) and also, you have upgrade points which you can spend in attributes.

[+] Full organized workspace => I finally organized the mess that i've made in the last 4 days of development, is was pretty ugly and i'm sorry for that... BUT NOW IT'S BEAUTIFUL!

[*] Did some fixes to make the game look beautiful for its first real huge release :)

That's it. Gonna release now. GONNA RELEASE NOW! FINALLY!

---
## [mawrick26/SM8250](https://github.com/mawrick26/SM8250)@[eb3f1f02c9...](https://github.com/mawrick26/SM8250/commit/eb3f1f02c9eab45179053895fb954b955e60e76b)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 19:42:40 by Peter Zijlstra

locking/percpu-rwsem: Remove the embedded rwsem

The filesystem freezer uses percpu-rwsem in a way that is effectively
write_non_owner() and achieves this with a few horrible hacks that
rely on the rwsem (!percpu) implementation.

When PREEMPT_RT replaces the rwsem implementation with a PI aware
variant this comes apart.

Remove the embedded rwsem and implement it using a waitqueue and an
atomic_t.

 - make readers_block an atomic, and use it, with the waitqueue
   for a blocking test-and-set write-side.

 - have the read-side wait for the 'lock' state to clear.

Have the waiters use FIFO queueing and mark them (reader/writer) with
a new WQ_FLAG. Use a custom wake_function to wake either a single
writer or all readers until a writer.

Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Reviewed-by: Davidlohr Bueso <dbueso@suse.de>
Acked-by: Will Deacon <will@kernel.org>
Acked-by: Waiman Long <longman@redhat.com>
Tested-by: Juri Lelli <juri.lelli@redhat.com>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200204092403.GB14879@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: DennySPb <dennyspb@gmail.com>

---
## [burgmaister-game/chatty](https://github.com/burgmaister-game/chatty)@[2a031424ab...](https://github.com/burgmaister-game/chatty/commit/2a031424ab0549b3c669760d5a98f35b276e6d54)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 21:11:54 by Pawel Kuznik

Credited my wonderful and supportive girlfriend forgiving my valuable feedback.

---
## [adilr4/ProjekatPMPS](https://github.com/adilr4/ProjekatPMPS)@[7988ac101b...](https://github.com/adilr4/ProjekatPMPS/commit/7988ac101b39d4cee180e7d04bc860044d83f155)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 21:24:56 by Zlatan Radovanovic

Fucking DC engine shit stupid fucking fuck

Signed-off-by: Zlatan Radovanovic <zlatan.radovanovic@fet.ba>

---
## [newwby/1gamJam_june21_projectptp](https://github.com/newwby/1gamJam_june21_projectptp)@[f4ba08fd3c...](https://github.com/newwby/1gamJam_june21_projectptp/commit/f4ba08fd3c472c3f3b9dc6da0c910836c73a4555)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 22:52:15 by Dan

Day 3 Database Work

Went through old abaddon’s pit code to pull out implementation of spread fire and projectile classes
Worked on weapon styles implementing old abaddon’s pits code into parameters for the faux json and TODO code segments for the actual projectile
Been up since before 7 but puppy watching has been very distracting today - luckily it is only 2pm and I have potentially the rest of the day to work now
Ideally my goals for the day are to finish weapon implements, add weapon collectibles, implement shot spread and randomisation, and go through the task checklist to see where I’m at. As it stands I’ve been hitting implementations scheduled for late week 1 and week 2 all over the place instead of focusing down early week 1 tasks. Tomorrow I’ve got dentist so may be out of action a lot of then.

TODO - idea, not only should health and time be linked, but special abilities should consume time and difficulty levels should just affect how much time you have

Corrected velocity inheritance - it was as simple as actually recording the player’s movement and applying that, an obvious overlook (previously was discarding velocity per tick and calculating a facsimile of velocity between ticks for some reason); now need to implement held facing and some kind of visual facing indicator on the player to make things a little simpler (maybe a subtle arrow underlay?)

Added so many stats for projectile behaviours, got lots to implement (at least half are already implemented but maybe need tweaking)
Planning to start with six weapon types
Split shot - fire 3 projectiles in a split pattern
Burst shot - fire 3 in sequence/series
Sniper shot - heavy damaging much faster projectile longer range
Rapid shot - fire as fast as possible single shots
Heavy shot - high damaging low speed shot that travels slowly
Vortex shot - orbits you instead of firing out

Writing this database has been a huge amount of work and I worry that I’m sacrificing agility and my ability to produce something of note for the game jam by emphasising modularity and scalability. It’s ‘good’ code (in my opinion) but it is taking a lot of my probably limited time

Got working projectiles again after database implementation, accounting for the new styles
Yet to implement multiple projectile firing but have got the bare bones of a spawn pattern function and caller
Having trouble with viewport and mouse position again
Fixed viewport/mouse position issues, was forgetting to account for actor position relevant to mouse position (need a vector from/to not just a position)
Approx 1200 lines of code s’far, though nearly half of that is the database (which one day will be migrated to actual json instead of just a bunch of nested dictionaries in a separate script)
All the weapon types seem to be working, though without sizing and sprite differences you can only tell by ability cooldown and shot speed
TODO implement the shot variance to spread,
TODO finish spread spawn pattern
TODO add alternate weapon sprites
TODO add projectile sizing
TODO implement collectibles for demonstrating weapons

Apparently I forgot to commit the update earlier so it is just the one big update today

---
## [Chibi-Usa/NS-RPC](https://github.com/Chibi-Usa/NS-RPC)@[6ceb795535...](https://github.com/Chibi-Usa/NS-RPC/commit/6ceb795535b9f17feba2f2eea799d29d5bc65598)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 23:05:32 by Aris A

Updated My Name

Ugh this is gonna be a pain in the ass, but more people found this and they appear to want more games added so imma add them


but dont blame me for shit, i have no idea what the fuck i am doing and i pray to (insert religious figure here) that this shit works

---
## [willior/Action_RPG_1](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1)@[003680b46e...](https://github.com/willior/Action_RPG_1/commit/003680b46eb138f20c97bcb3271c7e76881a979d)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 23:47:26 by willior

removed continue function

pressing start now goes back to the main menu instead of reviving on the spot. the dying sequence and its functionality was not designed for multiplayer so it was becoming a pain to constantly patch it. a better way would be to redesign the death mechanic from the ground up.
we have to figure out what constitutes death and game over. right now, the game is considered Over if a Player's final_health = 0. this is fine for single player, but doesn't make much sense for multiplayer, as the still-alive player should be able to continue, or even perhaps revive the dead player. thus a new system will have to be designed and implemented. there will also be balance considerations between playing solo & multi. if in multiplayer players are able to revive one another, than playing multiplayer has a clear and obvious advantage over playing solo.
i was toying with the idea in my idea of having multiple characters from whom we can choose to play as. if you die in single player, to retrieve the dead character, you must play as a different character up to the point of retrieving your corpse. this allows for a kind of "continue" system where death does not instantly mean game over, and also facilitates experimenting with different builds/stats/formulas on different characters. if all characters die, however, then the game is over and a save will need to be loaded. this gives the player up to 4 chances/deaths in a row, without any corpse retrieval, before hitting the game over screen. even if the player focuses on leveling up only 1 character, this system still seems fairly lenient and not overly punishing.
for multiplayer, it might look completely different. brainstorming, there is the "arcade" beat'em up way with shared continues. if a player dies, a continue must be used to revive. if both players use up all their continues, combined, the game is over. eg. one player has to die 4 times or both player 2 times each.
i like that idea, but the problem is that it doesn't lend well to drop-in/drop-out multiplayer. perhaps the final game will have several modes available, including an "arcade"-style mode that allows for drop-in/out multiplayer - but the story campaign must either be played fully solo or fully co-op. this would also make designing the story potentially simpler. there could be a series of narrative overlaps depending on characters chosen, but the game's overall narrative won't need to take into account at any point whether more than one player is active or not.
there can be a "solo campaign", which follows how a group of tenuously connected characters might traverse the story. how each character reacts to events will change depending on the character(s) present, but the overall flow from start to finish will be the same each playthrough. characters can be switched at "save points" or "hubs", the nature of which has not yet been decided.
then, there can be a "co-op campaign", which must be played by 2 players minimum. it could potentially work in a similar manner, with each player choosing a character, allowing for swaps at save points or hubs. or, specifically for co-op, player character choices are locked-in and cannot be changed for the duration of the playthrough. these are things to consider.
then, there could also be an "arcade" mode. arcade mode will have less emphasis on story cutscenes and narrative structure and more emphasis on getting through the game, and it is in THIS mode where we allow drop-in and out multiplayer. to emphasize gameplay, perhaps instead of character switching/corpse retrieval on death it works like an arcade beat'em up with limited continues for a single playthrough. i like the idea of having multiple modes to play through the game. just need to think about how to design the systems that surround those modes, and to make sure those systems are complimentary.

---
## [newstools/2021-the-times](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-times)@[9f40e5a12b...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-times/commit/9f40e5a12b16ef189eced31c9813ede70b19c056)
#### Thursday 2021-06-10 23:49:39 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.timeslive.co.za/tshisa-live/tshisa-live/2021-06-10-moja-love-launches-sister-channel-moja-99-targeted-at-a-female-audience/]

---

# [<](2021-06-09.md) 2021-06-10 [>](2021-06-11.md)

