# [<](2021-06-26.md) 2021-06-27 [>](2021-06-28.md)

1,962,892 events, 1,154,716 push events, 1,693,502 commit messages, 87,442,355 characters


## [Craig7757/CS-370-T5466-Current-Emerging-Trends-in-CS-21EW5](https://github.com/Craig7757/CS-370-T5466-Current-Emerging-Trends-in-CS-21EW5)@[8b710e1b77...](https://github.com/Craig7757/CS-370-T5466-Current-Emerging-Trends-in-CS-21EW5/commit/8b710e1b774d713d87bf5c1b2e867d6b74015c41)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 01:55:59 by Craig7757

Add files via upload

This file contains the environment and actor we worked with throughout the latter half of course. We had to learn about training the actor which was done using reward methods. Through Q-Learning we were able to further refine the actor's choices until not only was it able to complete the maze, but it was able to find more efficient ways of clearing the maze. 

Computer scientists are constantly developing solutions to the various problems they are presented with, through finding solutions to these problems the CS field has been able to enrich the quality of life humanity has to experience. It is important to remember that, as with any tool, technology can help or harm humanity; it is up to those who wield it to decide how technology developed in the CS field is going to affect humanity.

---
## [bps-github7/IVDB](https://github.com/bps-github7/IVDB)@[dbc2f6c8a8...](https://github.com/bps-github7/IVDB/commit/dbc2f6c8a8b6ab3564ab9e178b4b7ca66311bc1e)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 03:21:22 by Ben Sehnert

It seems we have finally conquered the ngrx crud
firestore beast. only took a week. Id like to remain
here to debug, optimize and test before we move
on to copy and pasting this implementation
across the app. It was a pain figuring this stuff out
and it would be a shame to spread it around and
then realize there is a better way of doing things.

in paticular, a lot of trouble was scurted by wrapping
variables in curly braces. it was the solution in the case
of both create and delete, update was a little more
complicated, but involved adhering to the interface
that entityAdapter was excecting for updateOne
method- an object with {id , changes}

---
## [Samrath-demo/demo](https://github.com/Samrath-demo/demo)@[7e9cb47a03...](https://github.com/Samrath-demo/demo/commit/7e9cb47a03e1692c46f2aa4712419e77fbc0a359)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 05:38:02 by Samrath-demo

Made some corrections

I changed most of it fuck you

---
## [lovelymum08/Unseal-Password](https://github.com/lovelymum08/Unseal-Password)@[01fe9ee665...](https://github.com/lovelymum08/Unseal-Password/commit/01fe9ee6653939e47a13bdaa231004cff194c5e6)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 06:44:52 by Akshita Dey

Add files via upload

The name of the game is “Unseal Password”. In this game you will be having a virtual experience of the present situation which the world is facing. Yeah, you have guessed it right, it’s COVID-19. In this game you have to save the girl from the viruses and there are several boosters like masks and sanitizers. 
It is a single level game but there is game adaptation so, it’s quite challenging for the players to score high. As the score increases the path will move faster and all the object’s speed will also increase.
RULES
1. Mask=10points
2. 1 Sanitizer=50points
3. If the girl touches the virus, then it’s game over.

---
## [elboulangero/goodvibes](https://github.com/elboulangero/goodvibes)@[4bb54f285d...](https://github.com/elboulangero/goodvibes/commit/4bb54f285dee4b06a3baf0cad69f853f62e78406)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 08:11:15 by Arnaud Rebillout

-------- Re-format the codebase with clang-format --------

Only code files (ie `.c` files) are formatted. The headers (`.h` files)
are left untouched, they are manually indented for better readability.

Most of the changes in this commit are due to either:

1) The tabs & spaces mix: initially it was "tabs to indent, spaces to
   align", then it became much less consistent, and more of "I'm doing
   tabs and spaces manually, mostly I do tabs, but that depends on the
   mood of the day". Then I lost track.
   With this commit, it's now consistently "use tabs as much as possible,
   and spaces for anything shorter than 8 columns".

2) Alignment in function args and struct declarations: before it was
   aligned, not anymore, because it's not well-supported by
   clang-format, so let's just let it go.

3) Order for includes: before it was not really sorted, now it's sorted
   alphabetically.

So that's a lot of "noise", and apart from that, the coding style
doesn't change that much. See below for an overview of the changes.

    ~~ overview of the changes ~~

No more alignments of function args, eg:

    before:
    gv_feature_set_property(GObject      *object,
                            guint         property_id,
                            const GValue *value,
                            GParamSpec   *pspec)

    after:
    gv_feature_set_property(GObject *object,
                            guint property_id,
                            const GValue *value,
                            GParamSpec *pspec)

No more alignments in struct declarations, eg:

    before:
    struct _GvFeaturePrivate {
            /* Properties */
            gchar          *name;
            GvFeatureFlags  flags;
            GSettings      *settings;
            gboolean        enabled;
    };

    after:
    struct _GvFeaturePrivate {
            /* Properties */
            gchar *name;
            GvFeatureFlags flags;
            GSettings *settings;
            gboolean enabled;
    };

No more aligned assignments where it made sense, eg:

    before:
    /* Override GApplication methods */
    application_class->startup  = gv_console_application_startup;
    application_class->shutdown = gv_console_application_shutdown;
    application_class->activate = gv_console_application_activate;

    after:
    /* Override GApplication methods */
    application_class->startup = gv_console_application_startup;
    application_class->shutdown = gv_console_application_shutdown;
    application_class->activate = gv_console_application_activate;

No more space between parenthesis when declaring function pointers:

    before:
    typedef GSList *(*PlaylistParser) (const gchar *, gsize);

    after:
    typedef GSList *(*PlaylistParser)(const gchar *, gsize);

No more line breaks with ternary operators:

    before:
    year = g_date_valid(date) ?
            g_strdup_printf("%d", g_date_get_year(date)) :
            NULL;

    after:
    year = g_date_valid(date) ? g_strdup_printf("%d", g_date_get_year(date)) : NULL;

(this one is due to the fact that I had operators at the end, rather
than the beginning of the line, so clang reformatted it. If operators
are at the beginning, clang-format keeps it as multiline)

Note also that, in order to keep "table-like" alignment here and there,
we need to use `// clang-format off` and `// clang-format on`, eg:

    static GvDbusProperty player_properties[] = {
        // clang-format off
        { "Current", prop_get_current, NULL             },
        { "Playing", prop_get_playing, NULL             },
        { "Repeat",  prop_get_repeat,  prop_set_repeat  },
        { "Shuffle", prop_get_shuffle, prop_set_shuffle },
        { "Volume",  prop_get_volume,  prop_set_volume  },
        { "Mute",    prop_get_mute,    prop_set_mute    },
        { NULL,      NULL,                        NULL  }
        // clang-format on
    };

That's about it.

    ~~ me rambling around ~~

The tabs & spaces mix story

Initially I used tab for indentation, and spaces for alignment. Not sure
how I came up with that, but it was a nice idea on the paper. It was the
promise that people could decide if their tab was 8 or 4 columns wide,
and that would not break the code formatting, thanks to the fact that
tabs were used *only* for indent, and then alignment was done *only*
with spaces.

Note that I never could check if it really worked, my tabs are 8 columns
wide, I never thought about reconfiguring it to 4 and then checking how
the codebase looked like this way.

Anyway, so in practice, this particular mix of tabs and spaces was
achieved easily enough with Emacs for everyday work, although I don't
remember how exactly. I also *think* that it was supported by the code
formatter 'astyle', and maybe that's even the reason why I used astyle
rather than GNU indent initially.  Or maybe not, can't remember for
sure.

With time though, astyle went abandonned. Also I found out that it was
not easy to reproduce this particular formatting with other editors. So
I found myself starting to use another tabs+spaces convention, using
editorconfig to say "use 8-columns wide tabs", but not saying much more,
because editorconfig is well-supported, but can't do much more than
that.

Plus I tried to switch to GNU indent, but I hit some long-standing bugs
that made it seems like a no-go, don't remember why exactly. But in the
end I gave up on the idea of runnning a code formatter on the code...

Now I give it another try!

Experience seems to tell me that "tabs for indent, spaces for align" was
too complex, not well supported across editors and code formatters. So
let's just use something simpler. I still like to know that the indent
can be done manually (in case of no support from the code editor), and
that's why I prefer a mix of tabs + spaces, rather than spaces only,
like it's done in eg. systemd. With space only, if your editor doesn't
do the job for you, you spend ages hitting space, not nice.

So, using tabs is already what's configured in .editorconfig. This is a
scenario well supported by clang-format. This is probably well supported
litterally everywhere. Let's do that.

---
## [Xuxunguinho/lizzie](https://github.com/Xuxunguinho/lizzie)@[47f55c5105...](https://github.com/Xuxunguinho/lizzie/commit/47f55c510539175fec5480f09861381ba62077b9)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 10:02:33 by xuxunguinho

small contribution (Count, Eq , &  add -> Write, Portuguese language(bind))

First of all, I'd like to bow down before you and praise you for this wonderful project. I am a self-taught code student and on this path I learn a lot from guys like you.. and I'm making great use of this concept of Symbolic delegates and enjoying the wonderful Lizzie (not his girlfriend but the project!)  and while I was studying and using I thought it was good to contribute some things that I know you know and very well (but better 2 than 1)...

* Functions { Improvements in -> Count, Eq , &  add -> Write}

* LambdaCompiler {
I added links(bind) to Portuguese language.
Purpose: I'm using the wonderful Lizzie in a project I'm working on (School Process Automation System) and I need scripts to boost some tasks like Student Assessment (Approval, Disapproval, and Grade Recovery). and give a little more elegance }

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[ed5c16e32d...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/ed5c16e32db3c930755d6103968fa89ff423cfb1)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 17:55:08 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] start the chartening

getting freaky on the friday night yeah

somebody had the test json file yoinked, perhaps we can take that.

oh, did we said start from scratch for the Test.ogg? um change of plan. I think. I'm already tired that I've been going to build 3 UI musics (getting freaky, Game Over, Breakfast). now the last one, Test, I think that should be safe. idk.

---
## [Keoiki/VS-Violastro-FNF](https://github.com/Keoiki/VS-Violastro-FNF)@[569cdf6f1d...](https://github.com/Keoiki/VS-Violastro-FNF/commit/569cdf6f1d0b8fe017182b8dcbe2df5af212e7b2)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 18:43:35 by Keoiki

Fuck your gamepad support KadeDev cant do shit now

---
## [rcr-software/VDS_3.0](https://github.com/rcr-software/VDS_3.0)@[fa2096c3d5...](https://github.com/rcr-software/VDS_3.0/commit/fa2096c3d568f5d1f042ebe57bdddde4a9039de2)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 19:32:25 by Upion0101

kalman filter and some other headache

I remember when rock was young
Me and Susie had so much fun
Holding hands and skimming stones
Had an old gold Chevy, and a place of my own
But the biggest kick I ever got
Was doing a thing called the Crocodile Rock
While the other kids were rocking 'round the clock
We were hopping and bopping to the Crocodile Rock, well
Crocodile rocking is something shocking
When your feet just can't keep still
I never knew me a better time and I guess I never will
Oh, lawdy mama those Friday nights
When Suzie wore her dresses tight
And the Crocodile rocking was out of sight
Laa, la-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
But the years went by and the rock just died
Suzie went and left me for some foreign guy
Long nights crying by the record machine
Dreaming of my Chevy and old blue jeans
But they'll never kill the thrills we've got
Burning up to the Crocodile Rock
Learning fast as the weeks went past
We really thought the Crocodile Rock would last, well
Crocodile rocking is something shocking
When your feet just can't keep still
I never knew me a better time and I guess, I never will
Oh, lawdy mama those Friday nights
When Suzie wore her dresses tight
Crocodile rocking was out of sight
Laa, la-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
I remember when rock was young
Me and Suzie had so much fun
Holding hands and skimming stones
Had an old gold Chevy, and place of my own
But the biggest kick I ever got
Was doing a thing called the Crocodile Rock
While the other kids were rocking 'round the clock
We were hopping and bopping to the Crocodile Rock, well
Crocodile rocking is something shocking
When your feet just can't keep still
I never knew me a better time and I guess, I never will
Oh, lawdy mama those Friday nights
When Suzie wore her dresses tight
Crocodile rocking was out of sight
Laa, la-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
Laa, la-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
Laa, la-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa
La-la-la-la-laa

---
## [Pewtro/simc](https://github.com/Pewtro/simc)@[cd7ad97f97...](https://github.com/Pewtro/simc/commit/cd7ad97f97dba807a69735d0f37fc7fa20a7c579)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 19:35:00 by Putro

[Hunter] Significantly update Marksmanship APL to 9.1.

Add Fleshcraft if the actor is using Pustule Eruption soulbind
Add Newfound Resolve to the APL
Add Wailing Arrow to the APL
Update Blood Fury, Ancestral Call and Fireblood Racials
Clean up the potion usage line for Marksmanship
Update Double Tap logic for Marksmanship to account for Wild Spirits cooldown instead of Trueshot cooldown
Adjust Resonating Arrow usage for Marksmanship hunter
Remove Lethal Shots checks from Volley and make Double Tap check Wild Spirits cooldown instead of Trueshot on AoE
Adjust Steady Shot and Rapid Fire usage for Marksmanship hunters to better utilise Resonating Arrow
Adjust Trueshot usage on AoE
Format the Hunter APL a bit better

Thanks to Tarlo from Trueshot Lodge for the assistance on all of these changes!

---
## [JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse)@[53dd77f089...](https://github.com/JudeForNothing/RebekahCurse/commit/53dd77f089ea9db48dc75513651c28f9c5f57de4)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 19:38:28 by JudeForNothing

Rebekah Beta 4

additions
red heart fetus synergy
if you have 11 broken hearts and you try to refill heart reseve, you die
soul heart ludo synergies
evil heart dr. fetus, mom's knife synergies
improved heart reserve bar
new poof effect to make personality shifting, soul heart teleporting, turning into a bone heart corpse and the like smoother

balances
made that filing up heart reserve just takes red hearts. no more red hearts generate broken hearts no matter who much non red hearts you have now
mirror item transition is much slower
reworked synergies for soul hearts??
removed rebekah items from itempools so they wont appear

fixed bugs
startup crashing again
pocket item now properly takes the charge out of pocket
reserve bar no longer blinks when Rebekah is hurt
reserve bar can be rendered over the curse of darkness effect

---
## [Periapsises/StarfallEx](https://github.com/Periapsises/StarfallEx)@[d72b57dac5...](https://github.com/Periapsises/StarfallEx/commit/d72b57dac50498488eb5ffbbbc047cfa1070e9ef)
#### Sunday 2021-06-27 20:02:51 by no-boot-device

Update whitelist (#639)

* Update whitelist

* Remove defunct pomf clones (aka all of them, god rest their souls): This is important for safety, as if someone were to buy up their domain they could use it for EEEVIL
* Add IPFS, a distributed file/website/etc host
* Add neocities, a geocities replacement and therefore a filehost (if I fucked up the regex pls lemme know and/or fix it for my lazy ass)

* Fix pattern

* wtf

---

# [<](2021-06-26.md) 2021-06-27 [>](2021-06-28.md)

