# [<](2021-07-06.md) 2021-07-07 [>](2021-07-08.md)

2,971,755 events, 1,445,679 push events, 2,422,493 commit messages, 185,397,140 characters


## [cmss13-devs/cmss13](https://github.com/cmss13-devs/cmss13)@[57f1060416...](https://github.com/cmss13-devs/cmss13/commit/57f10604160089e305d326015192597012fbcec5)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 01:08:49 by Vanagandr

big game hunter working state


New gun and bandolier sprite

Gun sprite courtesy of Sionnach68
Tidied action, added icon, tweaked recoil code slightly.


removes WIP files


removing another test icon


adds 15 AP, switches voiceline.


renames to twobore.

also adds move slowdown; high, but VB doesn't feel pain and has light armour.
pressing brace button while braced no longer unbraces


final tweaks

tweaked gun sprite to use double barrel palette, darkened lower part of stock to bring it in line

tweaked uniform and jacket obj sprite locations to bring them in line with other suits and uniforms.
rebase sprites, tweaked belt code


xtra ammo


Apply 7 suggestion(s) to 3 file(s)
box slots


as suggested


redoes gun launch calcs

this is way easier I should have just robbed prae code to start with

this also fixes suicide/same turf PB always trying to launch the gun either east or west because of my broken shitcode.
switches name check to a trait.


adds everything skill, tweaks flags, reenables universal translator

switches the stun etc. flags to a package.
having surv-level endurance does seem to make him almost immune to fracs aside from his own gun's recoil, but that was the main one anyway.
Apply 7 suggestion(s) to 5 file(s)
Apply 1 suggestion(s) to 1 file(s)
as requested, adds casing sfx


rebase, gun offset set

shell rotation thing wasn't meant to be merged
rebase to post-ammo

had wrong number for webley damage, mateba is 60.
rebase


rebase


rebase


rebase

---
## [TravelMapping/HighwayData](https://github.com/TravelMapping/HighwayData)@[7551df9d81...](https://github.com/TravelMapping/HighwayData/commit/7551df9d81eb363122a5db55bf9fa24ee0abe744)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 01:40:40 by the-spui-ninja

Merge pull request #96 from TravelMapping/master

They say the road to hell is paved with good intentions Why did they never mention, what's real and in between? It seems the path we're on was paved with blood and sorrow No thought about tomorrow Just part of the machine, or so it seems Yeah, so it seems We're all living the dream

---
## [rsol1225/PythonBasics](https://github.com/rsol1225/PythonBasics)@[0878ac9856...](https://github.com/rsol1225/PythonBasics/commit/0878ac98569db97ff7da21f68e429e48a768e9ce)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 02:33:45 by rsol1225

Receipts for  Lovely Loveseats

This is my answer to the prompt below
Prompt: " We’ve decided to pursue the dream of small-business ownership and open up a furniture store called Lovely Loveseats for Neat Suites on Fleet Street. With our newfound knowledge of Python programming, we’re going to build a system to help speed up the process of creating receipts for your customers.

In this project, we will be storing the names and prices of a furniture store’s catalog in variables. You will then process the total price and item list of customers, printing them to the output terminal."

---
## [hadad/android_kernel_xiaomi_onc](https://github.com/hadad/android_kernel_xiaomi_onc)@[59475d0cdf...](https://github.com/hadad/android_kernel_xiaomi_onc/commit/59475d0cdf5e2118fb550b4097c7b058f6e22160)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 03:54:51 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Hadad <repo-sync@outlook.com>

---
## [hadad/android_kernel_xiaomi_onc](https://github.com/hadad/android_kernel_xiaomi_onc)@[4e28fb85a7...](https://github.com/hadad/android_kernel_xiaomi_onc/commit/4e28fb85a7bac25ab4fb7fb45aba55e351d7015b)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 03:54:51 by George Spelvin

lib/list_sort: optimize number of calls to comparison function

CONFIG_RETPOLINE has severely degraded indirect function call
performance, so it's worth putting some effort into reducing the number
of times cmp() is called.

This patch avoids badly unbalanced merges on unlucky input sizes.  It
slightly increases the code size, but saves an average of 0.2*n calls to
cmp().

x86-64 code size 739 -> 803 bytes (+64)

Unfortunately, there's not a lot of low-hanging fruit in a merge sort;
it already performs only n*log2(n) - K*n + O(1) compares.  The leading
coefficient is already at the theoretical limit (log2(n!) corresponds to
K=1.4427), so we're fighting over the linear term, and the best
mergesort can do is K=1.2645, achieved when n is a power of 2.

The differences between mergesort variants appear when n is *not* a
power of 2; K is a function of the fractional part of log2(n).  Top-down
mergesort does best of all, achieving a minimum K=1.2408, and an average
(over all sizes) K=1.248.  However, that requires knowing the number of
entries to be sorted ahead of time, and making a full pass over the
input to count it conflicts with a second performance goal, which is
cache blocking.

Obviously, we have to read the entire list into L1 cache at some point,
and performance is best if it fits.  But if it doesn't fit, each full
pass over the input causes a cache miss per element, which is
undesirable.

While textbooks explain bottom-up mergesort as a succession of merging
passes, practical implementations do merging in depth-first order: as
soon as two lists of the same size are available, they are merged.  This
allows as many merge passes as possible to fit into L1; only the final
few merges force cache misses.

This cache-friendly depth-first merge order depends on us merging the
beginning of the input as much as possible before we've even seen the
end of the input (and thus know its size).

The simple eager merge pattern causes bad performance when n is just
over a power of 2.  If n=1028, the final merge is between 1024- and
4-element lists, which is wasteful of comparisons.  (This is actually
worse on average than n=1025, because a 1204:1 merge will, on average,
end after 512 compares, while 1024:4 will walk 4/5 of the list.)

Because of this, bottom-up mergesort achieves K < 0.5 for such sizes,
and has an average (over all sizes) K of around 1.  (My experiments show
K=1.01, while theory predicts K=0.965.)

There are "worst-case optimal" variants of bottom-up mergesort which
avoid this bad performance, but the algorithms given in the literature,
such as queue-mergesort and boustrodephonic mergesort, depend on the
breadth-first multi-pass structure that we are trying to avoid.

This implementation is as eager as possible while ensuring that all
merge passes are at worst 1:2 unbalanced.  This achieves the same
average K=1.207 as queue-mergesort, which is 0.2*n better then
bottom-up, and only 0.04*n behind top-down mergesort.

Specifically, defers merging two lists of size 2^k until it is known
that there are 2^k additional inputs following.  This ensures that the
final uneven merges triggered by reaching the end of the input will be
at worst 2:1.  This will avoid cache misses as long as 3*2^k elements
fit into the cache.

(I confess to being more than a little bit proud of how clean this code
turned out.  It took a lot of thinking, but the resultant inner loop is
very simple and efficient.)

Refs:
  Bottom-up Mergesort: A Detailed Analysis
  Wolfgang Panny, Helmut Prodinger
  Algorithmica 14(4):340--354, October 1995
  https://doi.org/10.1007/BF01294131
  https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.6.5260

  The cost distribution of queue-mergesort, optimal mergesorts, and
  power-of-two rules
  Wei-Mei Chen, Hsien-Kuei Hwang, Gen-Huey Chen
  Journal of Algorithms 30(2); Pages 423--448, February 1999
  https://doi.org/10.1006/jagm.1998.0986
  https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/summary?doi=10.1.1.4.5380

  Queue-Mergesort
  Mordecai J. Golin, Robert Sedgewick
  Information Processing Letters, 48(5):253--259, 10 December 1993
  https://doi.org/10.1016/0020-0190(93)90088-q
  https://sci-hub.tw/10.1016/0020-0190(93)90088-Q

Feedback from Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/fd560853cc4dca0d0f02184ffa888b4c1be89abc.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Hadad <repo-sync@outlook.com>

---
## [LemonInTheDark/tgstation](https://github.com/LemonInTheDark/tgstation)@[ef98ce249f...](https://github.com/LemonInTheDark/tgstation/commit/ef98ce249f3940fcced2e4244ec459fe785f9290)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 03:57:09 by LemonInTheDark

Converts all the different implementations of the alarm listener over to the central datum. I think? I'm
maintaining all behavior here, fuck you.

IT'S ALL BURING DOWN, LOOK WHAT THEY NEED TO MATCH A FRACTION OF MY POWER

---
## [karolhrdina/misc](https://github.com/karolhrdina/misc)@[13840ea57a...](https://github.com/karolhrdina/misc/commit/13840ea57aafdc740ef1d4c7853fc49069fff1fb)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 06:39:19 by Karol Hrdina

Please read below

I re-read the assignment and I have to admit that I missed the very last part
of it when I had first read it (no excuses, just saying).  The very last part
states that you'd like the parser reusable. My bad - fixed.

Few points: I inspired myself with the `database/sql` Row's Next()/Scan()
methods and modeled the parser after it.  Like `database/sql` I don't force new
allocations with Scan onto the user of this API.  Tests are included.

As for the DDD for port-domain I have to admit that it took me a while to
realize:

First I wrote additional interface for the bulk handler and when I had been
looking at it for a while, it hit me like a ton of bricks. It looked exactly
like my previous PortStorer :facepalm: So I deleted both of them and moved my
PortStorer into `ports` package and removed the `Port` part (it's implicit from
the package name) Then I implemented a small wrapper around the
generated grpc client for client-api to be able to send to port-domain.
Furthermore I also isolated code into own packages in both services (handlers,
service, grpc...)

From the ddd/code structure PoV i think this is what you wanted to see...

However, there is one slight small detail why I didn't put the same interface
into client-api on my first try.  When the assignment stated that the
client-api has only 200 MB and the file has to be read item-by-item (otherwise
it wouldn't fit into memory), then listing and encoding should have
been done one-by-one from  grpc stream as well, because it too might not fit
into memory. The cardinality is the same.  But I guess that if the
structure/ddd was the goal of the homework then this doesn't really matter that
much.  In a real world scenario we would either a) have a different interface for
client-api or b) have the same interface, but the listing would be an iterator-like
(like the parser api).

---
## [ninekorn/sccsprojectmeddley-w-sharpdx-ab3d.dxengine](https://github.com/ninekorn/sccsprojectmeddley-w-sharpdx-ab3d.dxengine)@[87284f7b51...](https://github.com/ninekorn/sccsprojectmeddley-w-sharpdx-ab3d.dxengine/commit/87284f7b515278b74adac652c5870b170a309c7b)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 09:57:02 by nine

uploading my very very light spatial awareness bullshit

whatever i release anyway, i know trolls of shit are just waiting for the moment to rot their verbal thrash. So only the left hand controller of the oculus rift cv1 has the visual spatial awareness because there is no physics engine yet in here. laugh all you want you idiots. you have to go to school to learn a version a thousand times more complicated you imbeciles with diplomas.

---
## [silont-project/kernel_xiaomi_santoni](https://github.com/silont-project/kernel_xiaomi_santoni)@[c593682407...](https://github.com/silont-project/kernel_xiaomi_santoni/commit/c593682407e752986051886a69a7f7ffe31f3aa2)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 15:58:48 by Angelo G. Del Regno

Merge: Performance improvements.

This patchset brings some performance improvements and the addition of the LZO-RLE
algorithm to the kernel, also usable in zram (yup, tested, works but LZ4 is still ok for us).

The main performance improvement is for SWAP space: the locking has changed and
the swap cache is now split in 64MB trunks.
This gives us a reduction of the median page fault latency of 375%, from 15uS to 4uS,
and an improvement of 192% on the swap throughput (this includes "virtual" swap
devices, like zRAM!). The real world user experience improvement of this on a mobile
device is seen after a day or two of usage, where it usually starts losing just a little
performance due to the large amount of apps kept open in background: now I cannot
notice any more performance loss and the user experience is now basically the same as
if the phone was in its first 2 hours of boot life.

Other performance improvements include, in short:

    UDP v4/v6: 10% more performance on single RX queue
    Userspace applications will be faster when checking running time of threads
    2-5% improvements on heavy multipliers (yeah, not a lot, but was totally free...)
    Improvements on rare conditions during sparsetruncate of about 0.3% to a
    way more rare around 20% improvement (that's never gonna happen, but there
    is no performance drop anywhere).

Tested on SoMC Tama Akatsuki RoW

This was taken from
Repo:
https://github.com/sonyxperiadev/kernel
PR: 2039 ([2.3.2.r1.4] Performance improvements)

Signed-off-by: sweetyicecare <gabrielseedev@outlook.com>
Signed-off-by: Aoihara <veronicadisa6@gmail.com>

---
## [newstools/2021-the-nation-ng](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-nation-ng)@[b0ed44be87...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-the-nation-ng/commit/b0ed44be879ce12db6010f19d20eeff4f42539f6)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 16:57:04 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [thenationonlineng.net/spare-parts-dealer-confessed-to-beating-his-girlfriend-to-death-witness-alleges/]

---
## [department-of-veterans-affairs/caseflow](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/caseflow)@[2bd6744aa1...](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/caseflow/commit/2bd6744aa1b4268caa00cf8db0f56b77b8da2072)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 17:10:20 by Matt Wagner

Use .pop, not .sample, for populating "random" names (#16458)

### Description
I think this solves a particularly vexing flake, where every once in a blue moon we'd get [this](https://app.circleci.com/pipelines/github/department-of-veterans-affairs/caseflow/44259/workflows/d55beb18-03e6-48aa-b761-312936f14c00/jobs/173431/tests#failed-test-0) headache of a test failure:

```
Failure/Error: expect(subject.map(&:appeal_id)).to eq(expected_order.map(&:appeal_id)), ordered_vets.to_s
  ["BPBDPXAG (YRXPLJRO BPBDPXAG), CTACHKAX", "BPBDPXAG (QMODOFDX BPBDPXAG), CTACHKAX", "CTACHKAX (CTACHKAX CTACHKAX), WPBXAHLJ", "CTACHKAX (LCVCQDUD CTACHKAX), XFIUWQBA", "CXJHREVA (PPEPIOYI CXJHREVA), PQGCPYXU", "FVOVCKPP (LYVTKDWA FVOVCKPP), TXOCOQXR", "KKFACQQD (LHAYGRWX KKFACQQD), VNXGHDPG", "KMYGIMDP (PRRNSXOY KMYGIMDP), QMODOFDX", "LCVCQDUD (FFYOIPIO LCVCQDUD), LHAYGRWX", "PFLBDOEY (IUXJCXCV PFLBDOEY), CTACHKAX", "QLIPHMXG (KKFACQQD QLIPHMXG), RFBOWXOG", "TVTSKJMM (GUSBVOAJ TVTSKJMM), YPHHPRHV", "VNOJIUNT (CUUMWGVW VNOJIUNT), KOONRNOW", "WIIPIHQA (CXJHREVA WIIPIHQA), MJAVKCUU"]
./spec/models/task_sorter_spec.rb:295:in `block (5 levels) in <top (required)>'
```

Trying to reason about it feels like solving a Zodiac cipher, but I realized that names are being repeated. That feels extraordinarily improbable when we're generating 100 8-character strings; 26^8 = 208827064576 so getting multiple repeats in a set of 100 is... odd.

I'm pretty sure I figured out what's going on. `Array#sample` makes this promise:

> The elements are chosen by using random and unique indices into the array in order to ensure that an element doesn't repeat itself unless the array already contained duplicate elements.

But I believe that's true only for _an_ invocation of `sample`; no state is kept on the array for which have already been `sample`d. I was pretty easily able to reproduce this:

```
irb(main):015:0> x = (1...100).to_a
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63, 64, 65, 66, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 73, 74, 75, 76, 77, 78, 79, 80, 81, 82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, 99]
irb(main):016:0> x.sample
=> 9
irb(main):017:0> x.sample
=> 46
irb(main):018:0> x.sample
=> 29
irb(main):019:0> x.sample
=> 48
irb(main):020:0> x.sample
=> 61
irb(main):021:0> x.sample
=> 31
irb(main):022:0> x.sample
=> 61
```

Seven calls on an array of 99 elements (oops) and I drew 61 twice.

So it's not that we're generating the same 8-character string repeatedly by miracle; we're just picking 1 of 100 names out of a hat, _throwing it back in the hat_, and then drawing again&mdash;42 times.

I _think_ the remaining part of the bug is something to do with which names we consider when there are two surnames?

So, use `.pop` so the drawn names aren't put back in the hat.

### Acceptance Criteria
- [ ] This test doesn't flake

### Testing Plan
1. Maybe check this test out and run it a handful of times locally

---
## [Asloric/Strew](https://github.com/Asloric/Strew)@[5fab55eb74...](https://github.com/Asloric/Strew/commit/5fab55eb749d0463c0384888cfa4c57378de4949)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 17:59:21 by Asloric

added fucked up enum menu

go fuck yourself blender devs, and go fix your shit.

---
## [Richardaeld/boutique_ado_v1](https://github.com/Richardaeld/boutique_ado_v1)@[4c5ea6f942...](https://github.com/Richardaeld/boutique_ado_v1/commit/4c5ea6f942c12812d1671cc86ed1327feadff2d8)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 18:48:31 by Richardaeld

Gitpod sucks! Thanks for deleting my SQL DB when I closed my IDE for lunch and fucking up django's migrations you ass hat

---
## [tdauth/wowr](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr)@[0cfc709e28...](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr/commit/0cfc709e281e23c3f62887812c0e3a470b4641f1)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 21:19:47 by barade

Improvements

- Fix Pit Lord Rain of Fire ability code for AI.
- Fix Tauren Chieftain War Stomp ability for AI and change the ability in object data.
- Give Undead and Night Elf AI a gold harvesting bonus of 10.
- Always drop the Mask of Death when Orc quest 3 is enabled and not completed.
- Translate tooltips of Volcano back into English.
- Finger of Death of Eredar Warlock can only target enemy and neutral but no allies anymore.
- Fix the chance in the Bash tooltip of Eredar Warlock.
- Translate tooltip of ability Infernal back into English.
- Fix formula for Evolution level.
- Increase attack dices by 1 per Evolution level.
- Fix skilling of hero ability Shadow Word Death for Death Knight in Undead AI.
- Give all races a lumber harvest bonus of 10 for AI.
- Move Outland creeps away from the Naga base.
- Fix automatic recreation of the town hall of the Burning Legion.
- Move the creeps away from the base of the Burning Legion.
- Translate Chemical Rage back into English.
- Add Summon Wyvern Mount to Alchemist.
- Add Summon Wyvern Mount, Invisibility and Attribute Bonus to Alchemist morph form.
- Give Rexxar Storm Bolt of Mountain King.
- Translate tooltip of Summon Bear back into English.
- Fix the duration for the last 3 levels of Inferno.
- Translate tooltips of Summon Hawk back into English.
- Translate tooltips of Summon Quilbeast back into English.

---
## [Geniye1/Enge](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge)@[d99eb5d72a...](https://github.com/Geniye1/Enge/commit/d99eb5d72a9341992c954a2aa747580d8d045fc1)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 21:25:29 by Jack Strayer

Fixed the dumbass viewport scrolling issue, apparently you aren't supposed to do ImGui::BeginChild if you want to use window flags but who told me that? oh thats right no one because this library has dogshit documentation haha it would be funny if I didnt waste like a week trying to fix this that would be hilarious right fuck you imgui

---
## [newstools/2021-premium-times](https://github.com/newstools/2021-premium-times)@[bc083c048a...](https://github.com/newstools/2021-premium-times/commit/bc083c048aedce53dc2cc57dae4616039d4b9873)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 21:31:22 by Billy Einkamerer

Created Text For URL [www.premiumtimesng.com/regional/north-central/472123-spare-parts-dealer-confessed-to-beating-up-his-girlfriend-to-death-witness-alleges.html]

---
## [cucapra/calyx](https://github.com/cucapra/calyx)@[a164539693...](https://github.com/cucapra/calyx/commit/a16453969332a44df63cf9d23c2a09637ee44392)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 22:06:29 by Alma Thaler

Started StdMultPipe

- Right now not doing bit-wise pipedlined mulltiplication; just the u64
hack

- StdMultPipe is non-combinational, so maybe it's current setup is
wonky. You execute_mut w/ a given left and right, and then the return
contains the TLV of the result. But if you want the StdMultPipe to
remember the result in its Out, you should commit_update (once the TLV
countdown is over -- aka 3 cycles)

	- But there doesn't seem to be a way to read the [out] port

- Also serialize is prob bad/unhelpful

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[06fcd79d7f...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/06fcd79d7f11639d3cdda1bfd0d668d692c9c6c9)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 22:46:12 by terrynmuse

styx armour sprites real
fixed eri moons reattaching to him if you spawned another while moons were still falling
spirit champ grab grants iframes to prevent you from being multihit while in grab
reverted terra champ iframe mechanic, nerfed life
yoyo bag toggle ignores mutant presence and is in minimal effects
blender nerfed more
mutant has a glow telegraph when preparing to dash
tweaked delay again on mutant spears to glaives
fuck it, all tins have 30t cd
tried making skeletron (prime) not change targets after reticle lock-on, TEST IN MP
fiddled with mutant health bar colours
abom has clear telegraph for icicle fall border
abom scythes spin (before mega ray run) buffed, goes both directions now
abom telegraph for third sword adjusted
devi sparkling axe telegraphs where energy heart rays will fire

---
## [PuneetMatharu/oomph-lib](https://github.com/PuneetMatharu/oomph-lib)@[d01db74102...](https://github.com/PuneetMatharu/oomph-lib/commit/d01db741025c368011265e6f4f609349c06eeae8)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 23:13:07 by Puneet Matharu

Merge of (private) CMake repository with original oomph-lib repository.

Main updates:

  - Merged CMake project with Autotools-based project. Had to resolve a huge
    number of merge conflicts in the validate.sh scripts and other changes
    made since commit 91298e7. Added all the CMakeLists.txt files but kept
    most of the Autotools stuff alive so I can slowly transition the files
    out safely.

  - Lost the version information through the merge but also agreed with MH
    (unless he changes his mind) that the CMake version of oomph-lib should
    becomes v2.0.0, so for now, I'll start at v1.5.0.

  - The build and installation is now automatically parallelised with the
    new support for Ninja build system through CMake. I recorded a 10x(!!!)
    speed-up on my MacBook Pro compared to the default build/install time
    (i.e. if I don't supply the --jobs arguments, which I never remembered
    to do before) with the Autotools build system and a 5x speed-up when
    the Autotools build is run with 10 jobs (which is what Ninja used).

  - Added CTest support for running demo_drivers. This will allow us to
    easily parallelise, and control the level of parallelisation, of the
    self-tests. Regular expressions (regex) can also be used to easily
    filter out tests for the user. It also stores the previously failed
    tests so that they can be rerun and their output can be logged to
    directly to the screen. It allows stores the "cost" of each test so
    that (if the build/Testing/ directory isn't deleted between self-tests)
    it can reorder tests so that the quickest or longest tests can be run
    first (I forget which way around it is).

  - Formatted src/ and demo_drivers/ headers and sources using clang-format
    according to the C++11 standard (which the modernised library will ship
    with). The only "breaking" difference should be that double angle-brackets
    no longer require a space between them in C++11. However, this should
    save tonnes of headache with confusing formatting changes in future
    pull requests.

  - Added a .cmake-format.json file to provide a specification to the
    cmake-format pre-commit hook for formatting CMakeLists.txt and *.cmake
    module files.

  - Changed the way that the library is built and consumed; after building,
    the targets are exported within the oomph:: namespace. Demo drivers
    then find the oomph_lib package using find_package(...) then linked
    with executables as, e.g. oomph::poisson. The oomph::generic library
    is forwarded automatically through the transitive (PUBLIC) dependency.

  - Retired the old oomph-lib way of adding template headers (which can't
    be compiled with the library) to the library. The .template.h and
    .template.cc files have become .h and .tpp files, respectively. The
    .tpp file is then included at the bottom of the .h file.

    This creates a particularly big name change for the meshes in
    src/meshes, where the header and templated implementation are given
    in .template.h and .template.cc files, respectively.

  - The src/meshes library is also now a "header-only" library (or INTERFACE
    library, in CMake-speak). As a result, I've merged all of the plain
    .cc files in src/meshes into their .h counterparts (relevant, e.g., for
    cylinder_with_flag_domain.cc and topologically_rectangular_domain.cc).

    NOTE: All domain classes should be defined inside(!) their header,
    and not in a separate source file. This is because no files are
    compiled by this INTERFACE library (in CMake-speak), so they would
    have to be included separately like a header.

    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    **Important:**

    Whenever a member function is defined inside a header and not in a
    source file, it should be prepended with the "inline" keyword otherwise
    this can (but not always) lead to very confusing "duplicate symbol"
    linking errors. To err on the side of caution, make sure you stick to
    this rule! This was especially important for TopologicallyRectangularDomain
    as it was compiled into the biharmonic library; at linktime, an
    executable that used this library found the symbols for this class'
    member functions through both an #include of the mesh/domain file and
    through the linked biharmonic library, leading to duplicate symbols.
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  - Updated README.md to describe how to build/install the library.

  - Renamed oomph_lapack.h to oomph_required_lapack_routines.h so that
    oomph_lapack.h can be used as the combined header.

  - Creating empty replacements for debug.h and stat.h in oomph_arpack/ if
    they can't be found. It seems like this is already done, so should be
    harmless...

  - Replaced
                 #include "src/generic/Qelements.h"
    with
                 #include "../generic/Qelements.h"
    in a few src/ directories to emulate the folder structure after the
    project has been installed.

  - Deleted oomph_metis_from_parmetis_3.1.1.h which was just a copy of
    metis.h. Now oomph_metis_from_parmetis_3.1.1.h is used as a combined
    header that includes metis.h.

  - Changed the location that combined headers are installed to. Instead
    of being placed in the folder of the Makefile.am, it's placed in the
    build/ directory (i.e. binary directory in CMake speak) but up one
    folder, e.g.

  - Renamed the bin/ directory to scripts/ to avoid any possible future
    confusion or conflicts with a bin/ directory in CMake-speak (i.e.
    where user executables are typically installed).

  - Updated matrices.cc to delete a few array variables properly, by using
    "delete[]" instead of just "delete".

  - Added support for SuperLU 5.2.2 (the latest version). I haven't removed
    support for the old version, as this version needs test-driving first,
    despite passing all the same demo_drivers tests as with the old one.

    This did, however, break three of the demo_drivers:
                navier_stokes/unstructured_fluid
                solid/three_d_cantilever
                shell/plate
    The first two were easily addressed by upping the relative error
    tolerance (used by fpdiff.py) marginally to 0.2 and 0.4, respectively.
    The third one produced an absolute error of around 1.0e-09 but a relative
    error of 4%. Need to up the "numerical zero" threshold value to fix this
    issue.

  - Removed dummy malloc.h build in oomph_parmetis...

  - Added a basic (but more helpful) oomph-lib-config.h. Currently it just
    contains some version information and a definition of INT_SIZE; this
    can be used (in the future) to set the size of the integers used to
    store matrix indices. Adding 64-bit integer support would be a very
    helpful addition (particularly for the space-time machinery! *ahem*).

  - Added a bumpversion.cfg to handle version bumping. It updates the
    CMake version and adds a Git commit and tags it with the new version.
    A much more reliable way to make sure version changes are made across
    the board.

  - Added a TODO-LIST.md to store a list of the future tasks for this
    project.

Useful examples:

  - How to precompile a mesh using an object library in
           demo_drivers/solid/simple_shear/CMakeLists.txt

  - How to symlink an executable to the scripts/ directory in
           meshing/mesh_from_xfig_triangle/CMakeLists.txt

Main (i.e. "big") to-dos before possible beta release:

  - Need to integrate any new oomph-lib stuff into the CMake build.

  - Need to sort out external_distributions.

  - Need to update shell/plate validate.sh script to allow the test to
    pass when the up-to-date SuperLU sources are used.

  - Need to fix failing MPI tests on MacOS. Rupinder managed to confirm
    that all self-tests (bar one, which needs to be fixed - the one that's
    in mpi/distribution/two_d_unstructured_adaptive_poisson) pass on Linux.

  - Need to get all demo drivers passing with a "destruct test"; this
    should really be done with a GitHub Action. (Will likely just steal
    and modify one that has already been (beautifully written) by
    Jonathan D.)

  - Fill in additional helpful documentation in README.md.

  - Optional (TBD): Add clang-tidy support to add some modernisation to the
    library, e.g. add "delete", "final", and "override" keywords to replace
    the use of "broken virtual" functions (with "delete"). These additions
    will allow us to detect errors at compile-time instead of run-time.

  - Add CPack support for packaging up the library (e.g. creating a tarball).

  - Tidy up the repository, e.g. consistent formatting and helpful comments
    everywhere.

  - Complete the unit-test support, i.e. for the files in tests/; not to
    be confused with the integration tests in demo_drivers.

Smaller to-dos:

  - Add CDash support to create a dashboard of all of the tests using the
    produced DartConfiguration.tcl file.

  - Need to update fpdiff.py parameters for the clamped_shell demo_driver
    after it has been changed in the original repo.

  - Change PointerAlignment parameter in .clang-format to "left" after
    this commit. Setting the value to "left" just makes template parameters
    look plain bizarre. I'll concede to MH for this (he'll be happy to know).

Possible additions in the far-future:

  - Support for up-to-date external_distributions.

*** Credit to Rupinder for being a soundboard for many CMake-related
    discussions and for testing the installation on Linux. The record
    build and install time on my 5-year quad-core 2.5GHz MacBook Pro is
    ~3.5mins. On Rupinder's computer (running Linux), it took only 53s(!!!).
    That's damn fast if you ask me...

---
## [LunarWatcher/Dragon](https://github.com/LunarWatcher/Dragon)@[79302117f8...](https://github.com/LunarWatcher/Dragon/commit/79302117f806f65950b05ff44128538760c83934)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 23:15:21 by Olivia

Switch to a better regex engine (fuck `re`, the god damn trash engine. Even fucking Java is better than that pile of garbage)

---
## [PuneetMatharu/oomph-lib](https://github.com/PuneetMatharu/oomph-lib)@[5eb2cceb49...](https://github.com/PuneetMatharu/oomph-lib/commit/5eb2cceb491f535736cc4a45215eb1d069baf8c2)
#### Wednesday 2021-07-07 23:28:38 by Puneet Matharu

Merge of (private) CMake repository with original oomph-lib repository.

Main updates:

  - Merged CMake project with Autotools-based project. Had to resolve a huge
    number of merge conflicts in the validate.sh scripts and other changes
    made since commit 91298e7. Added all the CMakeLists.txt files but kept
    most of the Autotools stuff alive so I can slowly transition the files
    out safely.

  - Lost the version information through the merge but also agreed with MH
    (unless he changes his mind) that the CMake version of oomph-lib should
    becomes v2.0.0, so for now, I'll start at v1.5.0.

  - The build and installation is now automatically parallelised with the
    new support for Ninja build system through CMake. I recorded a 10x(!!!)
    speed-up on my MacBook Pro compared to the default build/install time
    (i.e. if I don't supply the --jobs arguments, which I never remembered
    to do before) with the Autotools build system and a 5x speed-up when
    the Autotools build is run with 10 jobs (which is what Ninja used).

  - Added CTest support for running demo_drivers. This will allow us to
    easily parallelise, and control the level of parallelisation, of the
    self-tests. Regular expressions (regex) can also be used to easily
    filter out tests for the user. It also stores the previously failed
    tests so that they can be rerun and their output can be logged to
    directly to the screen. It allows stores the "cost" of each test so
    that (if the build/Testing/ directory isn't deleted between self-tests)
    it can reorder tests so that the quickest or longest tests can be run
    first (I forget which way around it is).

  - Formatted src/ and demo_drivers/ headers and sources using clang-format
    according to the C++11 standard (which the modernised library will ship
    with). The only "breaking" difference should be that double angle-
    brackets no longer require a space between them in C++11. However, this
    should save tonnes of headache with confusing formatting changes in
    future pull requests. Conceded to MH (he'll be happy to know) and set
    PointerAlignment parameter in .clang-format to "left" for this. (Setting
    the value to "right" just makes template parameters look plain bizarre.)

  - Added a .cmake-format.json file to provide a specification to the
    cmake-format pre-commit hook for formatting CMakeLists.txt and *.cmake
    module files.

  - Changed the way that the library is built and consumed; after building,
    the targets are exported within the oomph:: namespace. Demo drivers
    then find the oomph_lib package using find_package(...) then linked
    with executables as, e.g. oomph::poisson. The oomph::generic library
    is forwarded automatically through the transitive (PUBLIC) dependency.

  - Retired the old oomph-lib way of adding template headers (which can't
    be compiled with the library) to the library. The .template.h and
    .template.cc files have become .h and .tpp files, respectively. The
    .tpp file is then included at the bottom of the .h file.

    This creates a particularly big name change for the meshes in
    src/meshes, where the header and templated implementation are given
    in .template.h and .template.cc files, respectively.

  - The src/meshes library is also now a "header-only" library (or INTERFACE
    library, in CMake-speak). As a result, I've merged all of the plain
    .cc files in src/meshes into their .h counterparts (relevant, e.g., for
    cylinder_with_flag_domain.cc and topologically_rectangular_domain.cc).

    NOTE: All domain classes should be defined inside(!) their header,
    and not in a separate source file. This is because no files are
    compiled by this INTERFACE library (in CMake-speak), so they would
    have to be included separately like a header.

    -----------------------------------------------------------------------
    **Important:**

    Whenever a member function is defined inside a header and not in a
    source file, it should be prepended with the "inline" keyword otherwise
    this can (but not always) lead to very confusing "duplicate symbol"
    linking errors. To err on the side of caution, make sure you stick to
    this rule! This was especially important for TopologicallyRectangularDomain
    as it was compiled into the biharmonic library; at linktime, an
    executable that used this library found the symbols for this class'
    member functions through both an #include of the mesh/domain file and
    through the linked biharmonic library, leading to duplicate symbols.
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------

  - Updated README.md to describe how to build/install the library.

  - Renamed oomph_lapack.h to oomph_required_lapack_routines.h so that
    oomph_lapack.h can be used as the combined header.

  - Creating empty replacements for debug.h and stat.h in oomph_arpack/ if
    they can't be found. It seems like this is already done, so should be
    harmless...

  - Replaced
                 #include "src/generic/Qelements.h"
    with
                 #include "../generic/Qelements.h"
    in a few src/ directory files to emulate the folder structure after
    the project has been installed.

  - Deleted oomph_metis_from_parmetis_3.1.1.h which was just a copy of
    metis.h. Now oomph_metis_from_parmetis_3.1.1.h is used as a combined
    header that includes metis.h.

  - Changed the location that combined headers are installed to. Instead
    of being placed in the folder of the Makefile.am, it's placed in the
    build/ directory (i.e. binary directory in CMake speak) but up one
    folder, e.g.

  - Renamed the bin/ directory to scripts/ to avoid any possible future
    confusion or conflicts with a bin/ directory in CMake-speak (i.e.
    where user executables are typically installed).

  - Updated matrices.cc to delete a few array variables properly, by using
    "delete[]" instead of just "delete".

  - Added support for SuperLU 5.2.2 (the latest version). I haven't removed
    support for the old version, as this version needs test-driving first,
    despite passing all the same demo_drivers tests as with the old one.

    This did, however, break three of the demo_drivers:
                navier_stokes/unstructured_fluid
                solid/three_d_cantilever
                shell/plate
    The first two were easily addressed by upping the relative error
    tolerance (used by fpdiff.py) marginally to 0.2 and 0.4, respectively.
    The third one produced an absolute error of around 1.0e-09 but a relative
    error of 4%. Need to up the "numerical zero" threshold value to fix this
    issue.

  - Removed dummy malloc.h build in oomph_parmetis...

  - Added a basic (but more helpful) oomph-lib-config.h. Currently it just
    contains some version information and a definition of INT_SIZE; this
    can be used (in the future) to set the size of the integers used to
    store matrix indices. Adding 64-bit integer support would be a very
    helpful addition (particularly for the space-time machinery! *ahem*).

  - Added a bumpversion.cfg to handle version bumping. It updates the
    CMake version and adds a Git commit and tags it with the new version.
    A much more reliable way to make sure version changes are made across
    the board.

  - Added a TODO-LIST.md to store a list of the future tasks for this
    project.

Useful examples:

  - How to precompile a mesh using an object library in
           demo_drivers/solid/simple_shear/CMakeLists.txt

  - How to symlink an executable to the scripts/ directory in
           meshing/mesh_from_xfig_triangle/CMakeLists.txt

Main (i.e. "big") to-dos before possible beta release:

  - Need to integrate any new oomph-lib stuff into the CMake build.

  - Need to sort out external_distributions.

  - Need to update shell/plate validate.sh script to allow the test to
    pass when the up-to-date SuperLU sources are used.

  - Need to fix failing MPI tests on MacOS. Rupinder managed to confirm
    that all self-tests (bar one, which needs to be fixed - the one that's
    in mpi/distribution/two_d_unstructured_adaptive_poisson) pass on Linux.

  - Need to get all demo drivers passing with a "destruct test"; this
    should really be done with a GitHub Action. (Will likely just steal
    and modify one that has already been (beautifully written) by
    Jonathan D.)

  - Fill in additional helpful documentation in README.md.

  - Optional (TBD): Add clang-tidy support to add some modernisation to the
    library, e.g. add "delete", "final", and "override" keywords to replace
    the use of "broken virtual" functions (with "delete"). These additions
    will allow us to detect errors at compile-time instead of run-time.

  - Add CPack support for packaging up the library (e.g. creating a tarball).

  - Tidy up the repository, e.g. consistent formatting and helpful comments
    everywhere.

  - Complete the unit-test support, i.e. for the files in tests/; not to
    be confused with the integration tests in demo_drivers.

Smaller to-dos:

  - Add CDash support to create a dashboard of all of the tests using the
    produced DartConfiguration.tcl file.

  - Need to update fpdiff.py parameters for the clamped_shell demo_driver
    after it has been changed in the original repo.

Possible additions in the far-future:

  - Support for up-to-date external_distributions.

*** Credit to Rupinder for being a soundboard for many CMake-related
    discussions and for testing the installation on Linux. The record
    build and install time on my 5-year quad-core 2.5GHz MacBook Pro is
    ~3.5mins. On Rupinder's computer (running Linux), it took only 53s(!!!).
    That's damn fast if you ask me...

---

# [<](2021-07-06.md) 2021-07-07 [>](2021-07-08.md)

