# [<](2021-05-24.md) 2021-05-25 [>](2021-05-26.md)

3,738,284 events, 1,494,854 push events, 2,436,861 commit messages, 181,822,057 characters


## [llsif-waifu-sim/llsif-waifu-songs-ogg](https://github.com/llsif-waifu-sim/llsif-waifu-songs-ogg)@[341aa0d3ba...](https://github.com/llsif-waifu-sim/llsif-waifu-songs-ogg/commit/341aa0d3ba76d9cf5a131e3aad15b7e314e18ce8)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 00:19:35 by Vanstorm9

Adding songs 'Aqours Pirates Desire', 'CYaZALEA☆Kiss☆DADANDAAAN', 'Fantastic Departure!', 'Future flight', 'Hop Step Waai!', 'JIMO-AI Dash!', 'Kimochi mo Yume mo Issho da ne!', 'Kodoku Teleport', 'Kokoro no Hane yo Kimi e Tondeke!', 'Misty Frosty Love', 'Namida ga Yuki ni Naru Mae ni', 'Party! Party! PaPaPaParty!', 'Smile smile ship Start!', 'Aion no Uta', 'Analog Heart', 'Awakening Promise', 'Butterfly', 'DIVE!', 'Dream with You', 'Fire Bird', 'Happy Nyan! Days', 'Just Believe!!!', 'Kakushiaji!', 'Ketsui no Hikari', 'La Bella Patria', 'LIKE IT! LOVE IT!', 'Make-up session ABC', 'Margaret', 'Mirai Harmony', 'Muteki-kyuu*Believer', 'Märchen Star', 'NEO SKY, NEO MAP!', 'Nijiiro Passions!', 'Poppin' Up!', 'POWER SPOT!!', 'Saika -saika-', 'Saikou Heart', 'Say Good-Bye Namida', 'Solitude Rain', 'Sweet Eyes', 'Tanoshii no Tensai', 'Tsunagaru Connect', 'VIVID WORLD', 'Yagate Hitotsu no Monogatari', 'Zensoku Dreamer'

---
## [Gnurou/crosvm](https://github.com/Gnurou/crosvm)@[1bbbf1cad3...](https://github.com/Gnurou/crosvm/commit/1bbbf1cad3ced6d1d4500645f905a0728d6e1fdb)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 00:48:29 by Gurchetan Singh

crosvm: bind mount all wayland socket directories (take 3)

In 781d975d0bc6 ("Revert "Revert "rutabaga_gfx: cross-domain: a
new year's miracle in February""), we went back to just bind mount
the wayland socket instead of all the sockets.

The logs indicated a weird interaction between the camera socket
and the Mali driver.

This is incorrect, and I would like to this opportunity to apologize
to the camera team for this outrageous slander.  I'm sorry.  Please
forgive me.  I hope we can put this behind us.

In the end, we were just mounting the wrong directories.

BUG=b:150239451, b:173630595
TEST=arc.Boot.vm

Change-Id: I5e5d5afba074c3aaed79df058558a295d03732f2
Reviewed-on: https://chromium-review.googlesource.com/c/chromiumos/platform/crosvm/+/2906128
Auto-Submit: Gurchetan Singh <gurchetansingh@chromium.org>
Tested-by: kokoro <noreply+kokoro@google.com>
Commit-Queue: Daniel Verkamp <dverkamp@chromium.org>
Reviewed-by: Daniel Verkamp <dverkamp@chromium.org>

---
## [llsif-waifu-sim/llsif-waifu-sim.github.io](https://github.com/llsif-waifu-sim/llsif-waifu-sim.github.io)@[f529b6a3a9...](https://github.com/llsif-waifu-sim/llsif-waifu-sim.github.io/commit/f529b6a3a9f1394f31d193bceb8b4c68fe49ed33)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 02:27:23 by Vanstorm9

Adding songs 'Aqours Pirates Desire', 'CYaZALEA☆Kiss☆DADANDAAAN', 'Fantastic Departure', 'Future flight', 'Hop Step Waa', 'JIMO-AI Dash', 'Kimochi mo Yume mo Issho da ne', 'Kodoku Teleport', 'Kokoro no Hane yo Kimi e Tondeke', 'Misty Frosty Love', 'Namida ga Yuki ni Naru Mae ni', 'Party Party PaPaPaParty', 'Smile smile ship Start', 'Aion no Uta', 'Analog Heart', 'Awakening Promise', 'Butterfly', 'DIVE', 'Dream with You', 'Fire Bird', 'Happy Nyan Days', 'Just Believe', 'Kakushiaji', 'Ketsui no Hikari', 'La Bella Patria', 'LIKE IT LOVE IT', 'Make-up session ABC', 'Margaret', 'Mirai Harmony', 'Muteki-kyuu*Believer', 'Marchen Star', 'NEO SKY, NEO MAP', 'Nijiiro Passions', 'Poppin' Up', 'POWER SPOT', 'Saika -saika-', 'Saikou Heart', 'Say Good-Bye Namida', 'Solitude Rain', 'Sweet Eyes', 'Tanoshii no Tensai', 'Tsunagaru Connect', 'VIVID WORLD', 'Yagate Hitotsu no Monogatari', 'Zensoku Dreamer', 'After The Rain', 'Dazzling White Town', 'Lonely Snow Planet'

---
## [nbr-project/android_kernel_xiaomi_riva](https://github.com/nbr-project/android_kernel_xiaomi_riva)@[2ccaa79e45...](https://github.com/nbr-project/android_kernel_xiaomi_riva/commit/2ccaa79e45089fb0826d62b7bd9aed7c25797671)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 03:04:55 by Jebaitedneko

[HACK]: base: power: wakeup: create a dummy debugfs entry for trace_marker

ah shit you finally disabled debugfs only to see userspace scream at you for not having trace_marker
this is the only driver which creates a debugfs entry which is essential for battery monitoring (see 1bdb13584fb7b5c6b7b741e4436a4dc4397df26e)
adjust it's init function to create said dummy trace file inside tracing dir
this will suppress the silly userspace errors

Signed-off-by: KangMamles <imzea69@gmail.com>

---
## [upal212/ps4trainer-dump](https://github.com/upal212/ps4trainer-dump)@[3d5385bfd4...](https://github.com/upal212/ps4trainer-dump/commit/3d5385bfd48598a34c05f4af96f195a8028c67f8)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 03:34:31 by Upal

MySlippersAreWorthMoreThanNazkysRetardedFace

Piece of shit nazky - try to mind your own god damn business. GO FIX YOUR CACHE YOU SLAVE PIECE OF FUCK.

---
## [abbsimoga/BakedZoo](https://github.com/abbsimoga/BakedZoo)@[af36e008e7...](https://github.com/abbsimoga/BakedZoo/commit/af36e008e7a35fd9e97db667e3f4b9c78724bfb7)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 07:40:28 by abboliwit

Update MainLayout.vue

Baby, I can't wait to know
Believe me, I'll always be there, so
Though I know I love you
I find it hard to see how you feel about me
'Cause I don't understand you
Oh, you are yet to learn how to speak
When we first met
I will never forget
'Cause even though I didn't know you yet
We were bound together, then and forever
And I could never let you go
Baby, I can't wait to know
What do you think about things?
Believe me, I will always be there, so
You can tell me anything and I'll listen
When we are together
There isn't anywhere that I would rather be
Three birds of a feather
I just hope you enjoy our company
It's been some time
And though hard to define
As if the stars have started to align
We are bound together, now and forever
And I will never let you go
Baby, I can't wait to know
What do you think about things?
Believe me, I will always be there, so
You can tell me anything and I'll listen
I might even know what to say
But either way, at least I'll be there
Baby, I can't wait to know
What do you think about things?
Believe me, I will always be there, so
You can tell me anything and I'll listen

---
## [zelhar/mg21](https://github.com/zelhar/mg21)@[4f7ae9abb5...](https://github.com/zelhar/mg21/commit/4f7ae9abb5ee4cdf388fc52fe1c62cb50eb129fa)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 08:04:00 by Yiftach Kolb

Merge branch 'main' of github.com:zelhar/mg21
FUCK YOU GITHUB!

---
## [lukearndt/Endless-Sky-Civil-War](https://github.com/lukearndt/Endless-Sky-Civil-War)@[f01b138828...](https://github.com/lukearndt/Endless-Sky-Civil-War/commit/f01b138828d0874fbc9e92e7300ec6bfe18e3be0)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 11:23:02 by kikotheexile

Fixed Persons for ESS

In ESS Persons should, largely, be capturable, with the exception of MZ's ship which should be considered a boss fight. So balanced them towards being OP, but not game breakingly so. 

1: Changed Pester to using a Human ship, now with even more meme potential
2: Fixed MMK so it no longer uses human technology but is still just about as OP
3: Nerfed Tehh's PotP 'murrica meme ship from its "oh my fucking god" status by ensuring its opener is now *not a nuke,* brought its t3.5 superpower status down so that it poses a respectable challenge rather than a punishment for playing the game, removed the stupid amount of damage its final explode did because *why would you punish players for killing this ship in the first place.* It still fights like a troll ship, but now it at least isn't a developer intended malicious troll ship.

---
## [hypothesis/lms](https://github.com/hypothesis/lms)@[4a88531a3a...](https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/commit/4a88531a3a9d985b6c70033283d638a4b632bfd9)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 11:35:20 by Sean Hammond

Fix some broken CanvasAPIClient tests

Problem
-------

A bunch of tests in `tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/` aren't
actually testing what they think they're testing. If you break the
`tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api_client/conftest.py::http_session()`
fixture:

diff --git a/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py b/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py
index 984f8113..9cf46dc6 100644
--- a/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py
+++ b/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py
@@ -18,9 +18,7 @@ def http_session(patch):
     session = session()

     def set_response(json_data=None, raw=None, status_code=200):
-        session.send.return_value = factories.requests.Response(
-            json_data=json_data, raw=raw, status_code=status_code
-        )
+        session.send.side_effect = RuntimeError()

     session.set_response = set_response

Then these tests still pass even though they use the `http_session`
fixture which we've now hacked to cause all HTTP requests to crash:

    # This still passes.
    $ tox -q tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py::TestMetaBehavior

What's going wrong, in detail
-----------------------------

The Canvas API client tests deviate from our usual test style in ways
that're creating problems:

1. The amount of code being executed under a single unit test is too
   large. Tests for `CanvasAPIClient` use the real `AuthenticatedClient`
   and `BasicClient`. This makes whats-actually-happening when a given
   unit test much more difficult to trace, and much more likely to
   contain subtle problems, because there's just so much more going on.

   Our usual approach is to unit test one module at a time. The unit
   tests for `foo.py` will mock out any other modules from our own code
   that `foo.py` imports. This means that you can open `foo.py` and
   `foo_test.py` side-by-side in an editor and you have all the code
   that those tests are executing in view (more or less: modulo shared
   fixtures and the like).

   The Canvas API client tests execute the entire `canvas_api_client/`
   directory at once.

2. As a sort of side-effect of (1) when they do need to mock something
   the Canvas API client tests take a different-from-usual approach to
   patching.

   Our normal approach is **patch names within the module being
   tested**. So `foo_test.py` will patch names within `foo.py`. For
   example if `foo.py` did `from lms import bar` then `foo_test.py`
   would patch `"lms.foo.bar"`. `foo_test.py` would _not_ patch
   `"lms.bar.gar"`. This is called "patching at source" and there's a
   very good reason why we don't do it. See this old GitHub comment for
   a detailed explanation:
   https://github.com/hypothesis/via/pull/222#discussion_r469865055
   The Canvas API client tests have essentially the same problem.

**We really want to avoid patching at source**. Patching at source very
easily leads to tests that aren't really testing what they think they're
testing. For example the test will try to set up some method to return a
broken response, but fail to actually set this up correctly. The test
will then assert that the method-under-test handles the broken response
without failing. The method-under-test will succeed, because the broken
response was never actually set up. The test will pass. In fact the
method-under-test could be broken and failing under the intended test
conditions, but the test could be passing anyway since the conditions
aren't actually set up. That is what what happening with the Canvas API
client tests (see below for detailed explanation) and with other
instances of source-patching that we've had.

**These issues are hard to detect and fix**. Source-patching makes it
easy for these kinds of test bugs to creep in, and once in they're
difficult to detect and to fix. Get a whole bunch of these in your test
suite and you have an infestation that can only be fixed by a large
investment of time by a developer who really understands pytest and
mock.

Let's look at one particular unit test in detail to explain what's
happening. We'll look at
`tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py::TestMetaBehavior::test_methods_raise_CanvasAPIServerError_if_the_response_json_has_the_wrong_format`.
What happens:

1. The test depends on the `data_method` fixture, so pytest executes
   this fixture first:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L269

   The `data_method` fixture is defined further down in the same test
   class:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L294-L298

2. The `data_method` fixture depends on the `canvas_api_client` fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L295

   The `canvas_api_client` fixture is defined further down in the same
   test class:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L301-L303

3. The `canvas_api_client` fixture depends on the `authenticated_client` fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L302

   **Unlike our usual test style** the Canvas API client tests have
   their own `conftest.py` file containing shared fixtures. The
   `authenticated_client` fixture is defined in
   `tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py`. Also **unlike our
   usual test style** the `authenticated_client` fixture returns a real
   `AuthenticatedClient` object rather than a mock, even though this is
   a unit test for `CanvasAPIClient` not `AuthenticatedClient`:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L30-L38

4. The `authenticated_client` fixture depends on the `basic_client`
   fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L31

   The `basic_client` fixture is also defined in `conftest.py`. Again,
   **unlike our usual test style** the `basic_client` fixture returns a
   real `BasicClient` object rather than a mock, even though this is a
   unit test for `CanvasAPIClient` not `BasicClient`:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L10-L12

5. So at this point, during pytest's execution of the `data_method`
   fixtures (and the other fixtures that `data_method` depends on
   directly or indirectly), **the `BasicClient` instance has been
   constructed**. `BasicClient.__init__()` constructs a
   `requests.Session` object:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/lms/services/canvas_api/_basic.py#L32-L41

   So at this point `lms.services.canvas_api._basic.Session` has already
   been called, and a real `requests.Session` object has already been
   constructed.

6. Going all the way back up to the actual unit test that's being
   executed (`test_methods_raise_CanvasAPIServerError_if_the_response_json_has_the_wrong_format`),
   the test also depends on the `http_session` fixture:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/client_test.py#L269

   `http_session` is defined in `conftest.py`. **Unlike our usual test
   style** the unit tests for `CanvasAPIClient` now patch a name within
   a different module: the `http_session` fixture patches
   `"lms.services.canvas_api._basic.Session"` and sets up a mock HTTP
   response. This is the dreaded patch-at-source:

   https://github.com/hypothesis/lms/blob/c51e43d41f2ac0201ff2515de266f16da8d5d0f7/tests/unit/lms/services/canvas_api/conftest.py#L15-L27

7. And that's the problem: at this point in the execution of fixtures
   patching `"_basic.Session"` has no effect. As we've already seen in
   step 5 above, `BasicClient()` has already been instantiated and it
   has already called `Session()` and created a real `requests.Session`
   object.  Replacing `Session()` with a mock after `Session()` has
   already been called (and is not going to be called again) does
   nothing. The unit test (and several others like it) is effectively
   not using the `http_session` fixture. When these tests call
   `http_session.set_response({})` or
   `http_session.set_response(raw="[broken json")` these calls **have no
   effect**. The tests are not actually setting up the scenarios that
   they think they are setting up.

Solution
--------

Add the requests session as an optional argument to
`BasicClient.__init__()` and have the `basic_client` fixture depend on
the `http_session` fixture and pass the `http_session` fixture in to
`BasicClient`:

```python
class BasicClient:
    def __init__(self, canvas_host, session=None):
        self._session = session or Session()
        ...

    ...

...

@pytest.fixture
def basic_client(http_session):
    return BasicClient(..., session=http_session)
```

The call to `patch()` can now be removed from the `http_session`
fixture: it no longer needs to patch anything.

This means that whenever any test uses `basic_client` pytest will
execute `http_session` _first_ and the requests session that
`http_session` returns will be passed to `BasicClient`.

This has a couple of consequences:

1. It's no longer possible to get a `BasicClient` with a real requests
   session from the `basic_client` fixture. In practice all the tests
   still pass so it doesn't look like any tests need this.

2. The `http_session.set_response()` method is no longer possible.

   The `http_session` fixture used to add a `set_response()` method
   to the mock `requests.Session`:

   ```python
   @pytest.fixture
   def http_session():
       session = patch("lms.services.canvas_api._basic.Session")
       session = session()

       def set_response(json_data=None, raw=None, status_code=200):
           session.send.return_value = factories.requests.Response(
               json_data=json_data, raw=raw, status_code=status_code
           )

       session.set_response = set_response

       return session
    ```

    Using `create_autospec(..., spec_set=True)` means you can't _set_
    any attribute on the mock that doesn't exist on the real
    `requests.Session` class, so `session.set_response()` can no longer
    be added.

    We could just remove the `spec_set=True` but using it is a mock best
    practice for a reason: generally you want tests to fail if code
    either reads or writes an attribute that doesn't exist

    I decided to just get rid of `set_response()` and replace calls like
    `http_session.set_response(...)` with
    `http_session.send.return_value = factories.requests.Response(...)`.
    This is longer but it's also arguably more readable: I can see
    exactly what the test is doing, rather than having to look up a
    shared fixture in a `conftest.py` file to understand it. This is
    similar to other recent decisions we made about fixtures: in some
    cases it can actually be better for test readability to make the
    tests do more work.

    I decided not to but for completeness sake it would actually be
    possible to re-implement `set_response()` as a standalone fixture:

    ```python
    @pytest.fixture
    def set_response(http_session):

        def set_response(json_data=None, raw=None, status_code=200):
            http_session.send.return_value = factories.requests.Response(
               json_data=json_data, raw=raw, status_code=status_code
           )

        return set_response
    ```

Longer-term: if the Canvas API client tests used our usual approach to
unit testing and patching they wouldn't have this problem. The amount of
code-under-test per test method would also be much smaller making the
tests easier to understand, the tests for different modules would be
more decoupled making refactoring easier, and coverage reporting would
be more useful.

---
## [Xtended-Temp/android_vendor_xtras](https://github.com/Xtended-Temp/android_vendor_xtras)@[952f504653...](https://github.com/Xtended-Temp/android_vendor_xtras/commit/952f5046538f2f5a2125b5346efb8552fe7ed235)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 11:43:36 by Kshitij Gupta

xtras: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Arghya Chanda <arghyac35@gmail.com>

notch-city: Refactor package name

Signed-off-by: ShubhamB <shubhamprince111@gmail.com>
Change-Id: Ieb8b35a3062c9334e82153a1dd26df3853db4f1f
Signed-off-by: Sonal Singh <sonal.singh.19993@gmail.com>

---
## [jeevankumarpapagari/Hackerrank-solutions](https://github.com/jeevankumarpapagari/Hackerrank-solutions)@[8dffdc9ace...](https://github.com/jeevankumarpapagari/Hackerrank-solutions/commit/8dffdc9ace658122d5de242af3daccabb6bfe9f8)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 13:22:21 by Jeevan Kumar Papagari

Contest Participation

Our friend vassily participated in a contest on hackerrank last night, or maybe he didnt? He does not remember. He remembered his rating the day before though. And he knows his rating now.
If he did not participate, his rating will be the same.
If he participated and perfomed well, his rating woulve increased and if he did not perform well his rating wouldve decreased. Knowing his previous and current rating can you help him find out what exactly happened?

Input Format

Two numbers, X and Y. X denoting his previous rating and Y denoting is current rating.

Constraints

0 <= X,Y <= 3000

Output Format

Output "Did not participate" if Vassily did not participate. Output "Perfomed well" or "Did not perform well" accordingly if he did participate.

Sample Input 0

2400 2450
Sample Output 0

Performed well
Explanation 0

Since his rating changed from 2400 to 2450, it means he participated in the contest and performed well.

---
## [jeevankumarpapagari/Hackerrank-solutions](https://github.com/jeevankumarpapagari/Hackerrank-solutions)@[fd882bdcfd...](https://github.com/jeevankumarpapagari/Hackerrank-solutions/commit/fd882bdcfd61f9d71ac18ca40fa5da5323b6365c)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 13:22:21 by Jeevan Kumar Papagari

Paneer Love

Chappu is addicted to Paneer! Nikau wants to keep her happy for n days. In order to be happy in i-th day, she needs to eat exactly a[i] kilograms of Paneer.

There is a big shop uptown and Nikau wants to buy Paneer for her from there. In i-th day, they sell Paneer for pi dollars per kilogram.

Nikau knows all numbers a1,...,an and p1,...,pn. In each day, he can buy arbitrary amount of Paneer, also he can keep some Paneer he has for the future.

Nikau is a little tired from cooking Paneer, so he asked for your help. Help him to minimize the total money he spends to keep Chappu happy for n days.

Input Format

The first line of input contains integer n (1<=n<=10^5), the number of days.

In the next n lines, i-th line contains two integers ai and pi (1<=ai, pi<=100), the amount of Paneer Chappu needs and the cost of Paneer in that day.

Constraints

1 <= n <= 10^5

Output Format

Print the minimum money needed to keep Chappu happy for n days, in one line.

Sample Input 0

3
1 3
2 2
3 1
Sample Output 0

10

Code:

---
## [Project-Fluid-Devices/kernel_xiaomi_sm6250](https://github.com/Project-Fluid-Devices/kernel_xiaomi_sm6250)@[14411cd325...](https://github.com/Project-Fluid-Devices/kernel_xiaomi_sm6250/commit/14411cd325f41bf5c085dc67eb3124e495c427d3)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 14:34:20 by Alex Winkowski

Import Positron changes (June snapshot, vanilla branch)

Contributors list:

a7301c <a7301c@motorola.com>
Aaron Lu <aaron.lu@intel.com>
Abel Wu <wuyun.wu@huawei.com>
Ajay Agarwal <ajaya@codeaurora.org>
Akhil P Oommen <akhilpo@codeaurora.org>
Albert I <kras@raphielgang.org>
Alexei Starovoitov <ast@fb.com>
Alex Naidis <alex.naidis@linux.com>
Alex Naidis <alex.naidis@paranoidandroid.co>
Alex Van Brunt <avanbrunt@nvidia.com>
Alex Winkowski <dereference23@outlook.com>
Al Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Amir Vajid <avajid@codeaurora.org>
Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Andrea Parri <andrea.parri@amarulasolutions.com>
Andrejs Hanins <ahanins@gmail.com>
Andrew Chant <achant@google.com>
Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Andrey Ryabinin <aryabinin@virtuozzo.com>
Anil Kumar Kanakanti <akanakan@codeaurora.org>
Anshuman Khandual <anshuman.khandual@arm.com>
Antonio Quartulli <a@unstable.cc>
Ard Biesheuvel <ard.biesheuvel@linaro.org>
Arjan van de Ven <arjan@linux.intel.com>
Arnd Bergmann <arnd@arndb.de>
Artem Labazov <123321artyom@gmail.com>
Arun KS <arunks@codeaurora.org>
atndko <z1281552865@gmail.com>
Borislav Petkov <bp@suse.de>
Brian Geffon <bgeffon@google.com>
Bruno Wolff III <bruno@wolff.to>
Carlos Maiolino <cmaiolino@redhat.com>
Catalin Marinas <catalin.marinas@arm.com>
celtare21 <celtare21@gmail.com>
Chao Yu <yuchao0@huawei.com>
Chengguang Xu <cgxu519@mykernel.net>
Cheng Jian <cj.chengjian@huawei.com>
chenglong1 <chenglong1@lenovo.com>
Chintan Pandya <cpandya@codeaurora.org>
Christian Hesse <mail@eworm.de>
Christian König <christian.koenig@amd.com>
Christophe Leroy <christophe.leroy@csgroup.eu>
Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Chris Ye <lzye@google.com>
Colin Ian King <colin.king@canonical.com>
Connor O'Brien <connoro@google.com>
Cosmin Tanislav <demonsingur@gmail.com>
Daeho Jeong <daehojeong@google.com>
Dan Carpenter <dan.carpenter@oracle.com>
Daniel Borkmann <daniel@iogearbox.net>
Daniel Bristot de Oliveira <bristot@redhat.com>
Daniel Kahn Gillmor <dkg@fifthhorseman.net>
Daniel Micay <danielmicay@gmail.com>
Danny Lin <danny@kdrag0n.dev>
Dan Robertson <dan@dlrobertson.com>
darkhz <kmachanwenw@gmail.com>
Dave Hansen <dave.hansen@linux.intel.com>
David Benjamin <davidben@google.com>
Davide Garberi <dade.garberi@gmail.com>
Dede Dindin Qudsy <xtrymind@gmail.com>
Dehe Gu <gudehe@huawei.com>
Diab Neiroukh <lazerl0rd@thezest.dev>
dianlujitao <dianlujitao@lineageos.org>
Diep Quynh <remilia.1505@gmail.com>
Dmitry Safonov <dima@arista.com>
Dyneteve <dyneteve@pixelexperience.org>
Erfan Abdi <erfangplus@gmail.com>
Eric Biggers <ebiggers@google.com>
Eric Dumazet <edumazet@google.com>
Eric Sandeen <sandeen@sandeen.net>
Ethon Paul <ethp@qq.com>
Fangrui Song <maskray@google.com>
Fieah Lim <kw@fieahl.im>
Frank Werner-Krippendorf <mail@hb9fxq.ch>
Gaowei Pu <pugaowei@gmail.com>
Gao Xiang <gaoxiang25@huawei.com>
Gao Xiang <hsiangkao@redhat.com>
Gaurav Jindal <gjindal@codeaurora.org>
Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Geert Uytterhoeven <geert+renesas@glider.be>
Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Greg Thelen <gthelen@google.com>
guocx4 <guocx4@lenovo.com>
Gustavo A. R. Silva <gustavoars@kernel.org>
Hareesh Gundu <hareeshg@codeaurora.org>
Hong-Mei Li <a21834@motorola.com>
huangjianan@oppo.com <huangjianan@oppo.com>
hyeongseok.kim <hyeongseok@gmail.com>
Hyeongseok Kim <hyeongseok@gmail.com>
Hyeongseok.Kim <Hyeongseok@gmail.com>
Hyunchul Lee <hyc.lee@gmail.com>
Ilie Halip <ilie.halip@gmail.com>
Ilya Ponetayev <i.ponetaev@ndmsystems.com>
imoseyon <imoseyon@gmail.com>
Jackie Liu <liuyun01@kylinos.cn>
Jack Qiu <jack.qiu@huawei.com>
Jaegeuk Kim <jaegeuk@google.com>
Jaegeuk Kim <jaegeuk@kernel.org>
Jaewon Kim <jaewon31.kim@samsung.com>
Jakub Kicinski <jakub.kicinski@netronome.com>
James Tucker <jftucker@gmail.com>
Jan Kara <jack@suse.cz>
Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Jann Horn <jann@thejh.net>
Jan Stancek <jstancek@redhat.com>
Jason A. Donenfeld <Jason@zx2c4.com>
Jason Yan <yanaijie@huawei.com>
J. Avila <elavila@google.com>
Jebaitedneko <16777012+Jebaitedneko@users.noreply.github.com>
Jeff Layton <jlayton@redhat.com>
Jeff Liu <jeff.liu@oracle.com>
Jerin Jacob <jerinj@marvell.com>
Jesse Chan <jc@linux.com>
Jia He <justin.he@arm.com>
Jia-Ju Bai <baijiaju1990@gmail.com>
Jie Song <jies@google.com>
Joe Holden <jwh@zorins.us>
Joel Fernandes (Google) <joel@joelfernandes.org>
Joel Fernandes <joelaf@google.com>
Joe Perches <joe@perches.com>
Johannes Berg <johannes.berg@intel.com>
Johannes Weiner <hannes@cmpxchg.org>
John Dias <joaodias@google.com>
Jonathan Neuschäfer <j.neuschaefer@gmx.net>
Jonathan Senkerik <josenk@jintegrate.co>
Jonathan Senkerik <josenk@users.noreply.github.com>
Jonglin Lee <jonglin@google.com>
Jörg Thalheim <joerg@higgsboson.tk>
Josh Poimboeuf <jpoimboe@redhat.com>
Josh Soref <jsoref@gmail.com>
Julian Liu <wlootlxt123@gmail.com>
Julien Thierry <julien.thierry@arm.com>
Kalesh Singh <kaleshsingh@google.com>
kdrag0n <dragon@khronodragon.com>
Kees Cook <keescook@chromium.org>
Kirill A. Shutemov <kirill.shutemov@linux.intel.com>
Kirill Tkhai <ktkhai@virtuozzo.com>
Kuba Wojciechowski <nullbytepl@gmail.com>
Kuppuswamy Sathyanarayanan <sathyanarayanan.kuppuswamy@linux.intel.com>
Kyle Lin <kylelin@google.com>
Laura Abbott <labbott@redhat.com>
Leo Liou <leoliou@google.com>
Liam R. Howlett <Liam.Howlett@Oracle.com>
Liao Pingfang <liao.pingfang@zte.com.cn>
LibXZR <xzr467706992@163.com>
Lingutla Chandrasekhar <clingutla@codeaurora.org>
Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Liu Song <liu.song11@zte.com.cn>
Liu Zixian <liuzixian4@huawei.com>
Luis Ressel <aranea@aixah.de>
Luis R. Rodriguez <mcgrof@kernel.org>
L.W.Reek <syphyr@gmail.com>
Manaf Meethalavalappu Pallikunhi <manafm@codeaurora.org>
Marco Ballesio <balejs@google.com>
Marco Elver <elver@google.com>
Mark Brown <broonie@kernel.org>
Mark Rutland <mark.rutland@arm.com>
Martijn Coenen <maco@android.com>
Martin Liu <liumartin@google.com>
Martin Schwidefsky <schwidefsky@de.ibm.com>
Masaharu Hayakawa <masaharu.hayakawa.ry@renesas.com>
Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Matthew Wilcox <willy@infradead.org>
Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Miaohe Lin <linmiaohe@huawei.com>
Michel Lespinasse <walken@google.com>
Miguel de Dios <migueldedios@google.com>
Miguel Ojeda <miguel.ojeda.sandonis@gmail.com>
Mike Rapoport <rppt@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Mikk Mar <mikkmar@airmail.cc>
Mimi Wu <mimiwu@google.com>
Minchan Kim <minchan@google.com>
Minchan Kim <minchan@kernel.org>
Namjae Jeon <namjae.jeon@samsung.com>
Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
NeilBrown <neilb@suse.com>
Nicholas Piggin <npiggin@gmail.com>
Nick C <ctwoon@suicide.today>
Nick C <pokemonnekitgod@gmail.com>
Nick Desaulniers <ndesaulniers@google.com>
Nick Terrell <terrelln@fb.com>
Norbert Lange <nolange79@gmail.com>
Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Oscar Salvador <osalvador@suse.de>
Pali Rohár <pali@kernel.org>
Panchajanya1999 <panchajanya@azure-dev.live>
Park Ju Hyung <qkrwngud825@gmail.com>
Patrick Bellasi <patrick.bellasi@arm.com>
Patrick Bellasi <patrick.bellasi@matbug.com>
Paul Kocialkowski <contact@paulk.fr>
Pavankumar Kondeti <pkondeti@codeaurora.org>
Pengfei Li <lpf.vector@gmail.com>
Peter Collingbourne <pcc@google.com>
Peter Georg <peter.georg@physik.uni-regensburg.de>
Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Philip Cuadra <philipcuadra@google.com>
Pranav Patel <pranavp@codeaurora.org>
Prashant Bhole <bhole_prashant_q7@lab.ntt.co.jp>
Qian Cai <cai@lca.pw>
Quentin Perret <qperret@google.com>
Randall Huang <huangrandall@google.com>
Randy Dunlap <rdunlap@infradead.org>
René van Dorst <opensource@vdorst.com>
Ricardo Mendoza <ricmm@pantacor.com>
Rick Yiu <rickyiu@google.com>
Robin Murphy <robin.murphy@arm.com>
Roman Penyaev <rpenyaev@suse.de>
Sahitya Tummala <stummala@codeaurora.org>
Salvatore Mesoraca <s.mesoraca16@gmail.com>
Sami Tolvanen <samitolvanen@google.com>
Samuel Holland <samuel@sholland.org>
Samuel Neves <sneves@dei.uc.pt>
Sergey Ivanov <seriv@cs.umd.edu>
Shaokun Zhang <zhangshaokun@hisilicon.com>
Srividya Desireddy <srividya.dr@samsung.com>
Stefan Agner <stefan@agner.ch>
Steve Capper <steve.capper@arm.com>
Steven Rostedt (VMware) <rostedt@goodmis.org>
Sudarshan Rajagopalan <sudaraja@codeaurora.org>
Sultan Alsawaf <sultan@kerneltoast.com>
Sultan Alsawaf <sultanxda@gmail.com>
Sultanxda <sultanxda@gmail.com>
Sungjong Seo <sj1557.seo@samsung.com>
Swathi Sridhar <swatsrid@codeaurora.org>
Takashi Iwai <tiwai@suse.de>
Tetsuhiro Kohada <kohada.t2@gmail.com>
Tetsuhiro Kohada <kohada.tetsuhiro@dc.mitsubishielectric.co.jp>
Tetsuhiro Kohada <Kohada.Tetsuhiro@dc.MitsubishiElectric.co.jp>
Thadeu Lima de Souza Cascardo <cascardo@canonical.com>
Thierry Strudel <tstrudel@google.com>
Thomas Backlund <tmb@mageia.org>
Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Thomas Gschwantner <tharre3@gmail.com>
Tim Murray <timmurray@google.com>
Todd Kjos <tkjos@google.com>
Toke Høiland-Jørgensen <toke@redhat.com>
Tycho Andersen <tycho@tycho.ws>
Tyler Nijmeh <tylernij@gmail.com>
Uladzislau Rezki (Sony) <urezki@gmail.com>
Uladzislau Rezki <urezki@gmail.com>
UtsavBalar1231 <utsavbalar1231@gmail.com>
Valdis Kletnieks <valdis.kletnieks@vt.edu>
Vincent Palomares <paillon@google.com>
Vincenzo Frascino <vincenzo.frascino@arm.com>
Viresh Kumar <viresh.kumar@linaro.org>
Vitaly Wool <vitalywool@gmail.com>
Vitaly Wool <vitaly.wool@konsulko.com>
Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Waiman Long <longman@redhat.com>
Wang Xiaojun <wangxiaojun11@huawei.com>
Weichao Guo <guoweichao@oppo.com>
Wei Wang <wvw@google.com>
Wei Yang <richard.weiyang@gmail.com>
Wei Yang <richard.weiyang@linux.alibaba.com>
Wei Yang <richardw.yang@linux.intel.com>
Wei Yongjun <weiyongjun1@huawei.com>
Wilco Dijkstra <wdijkstr@arm.com>
Will Deacon <will.deacon@arm.com>
Will Deacon <will@kernel.org>
Wolfram Sang <wsa+renesas@sang-engineering.com>
Woody Lin <woodylin@google.com>
Xianting Tian <tian.xianting@h3c.com>
Xiaojun Wang <wangxiaojun11@huawei.com>
xNombre <kartapolska@gmail.com>
Yang Fan <nullptr.cpp@gmail.com>
Yang Shi <yang.shi@linux.alibaba.com>
Yangtao Li <tiny.windzz@gmail.com>
Yaroslav Furman <yaro330@gmail.com>
Yi Chen <chenyi77@huawei.com>
Yi Zhuang <zhuangyi1@huawei.com>
Yuanyuan Zhong <zyy@motorola.com>
YueHaibing <yuehaibing@huawei.com>
Yu Zhao <yuzhao@google.com>
Zachariah Kennedy <zkennedy87@gmail.com>
Zhang Qilong <zhangqilong3@huawei.com>
Zhen Lei <thunder.leizhen@huawei.com>
Zou Wei <zou_wei@huawei.com>

---
## [Aikoyori/FNF-Aikoyori-Gaming-Mixes](https://github.com/Aikoyori/FNF-Aikoyori-Gaming-Mixes)@[2029dd69e4...](https://github.com/Aikoyori/FNF-Aikoyori-Gaming-Mixes/commit/2029dd69e425b33b328e0f580f2a217118026848)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 16:15:15 by Aikoyori

DO NOT DRINK AMONG US POTION AT 3AM!! *OMG I TURNED INTO AMONG US*

GUYS! If i spin this fidget spinner, on this amangas, for 5 seconds, you guys have to smashdat like butten. Yeah guys, Let's do this. 3 2 1 go. 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10, BOOM now you guys have to smashdat like button! Wanna join my free gift cards giveaway? Subscribe to my channel, Like the video, and turn notifications on. And finally, tell me on the comment section that you subscribed. HEY N AND A SQUAD WELCOME BACK TO ANOTHER BRAND NEW VIDEO ANOTHER DAY ANOTHER BANGER. GUYS, ON TONIGHTS VIDEO WE HAVE THE MOST INSANE VIDEO ARLIGHT GUYS BECAUSE I'M GONNA BE DRINKING, the amangas potion guys look at this, i ordered this potion a few weeks ago and it just arrived to me alright guys. And look at this potion, like the color looks really weird guys. It's not blue, it's like, it's mixed of everything like you can see some shadows in it. Which is the scariest thing ever guys, and there was this sticker on it. That makes even look more scarier, this is the amangas potion. If you drink this, you will turn into the character from amangas, alright guys i have no idea. But we are gonna try it out and see if this potion actually works, and we are gonna be drinking this potion at 3AM in the morning. It's the only time that the potion works, alright guys. FOR THOSE WHO DOESN'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENS AT 3 AM IN THE MORNING. 3 AM IS THE TIME WHERE ALL THE EVIL SPIRITS COME TO EARTH GUYS. AND IT'S THERE TIME TO DO ANYTHING THEY WANT. THAT'S WHY, ONLY AT 3 AM THE POTIONS WORK. So right now, i'm just gonna be drinking this potion, and see what is going to happen. BOOM, i might turn into this. BUT BEFORE THIS VIDEO STARTS YOU GUYS KNOW WHAT TO DO. GO DOWN RIGHT NOW, SMASHDAT LIKE BUTTEN, SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL IF YOU ARE NEW HERE, AND TURN THE POST NOTIFICATIONS ON TO BE A NOTIFICATION SQUAD GUYS! But before this video starts, you know what time it is! *intense dabbing with loud NCS music*. ALRIGHT GUYS LET'S JUST START MESSING AROUND LOOK AT THE TIME! LOOK AT THE TIME GUYS 3:09 AM IN THE MORNING RIGHT NOW. RIGHT OVER HERE let's just open it out right now. oh my god oh my god this is gonna be scary guys. Come on, oh my god it doesn't open okay. OH MY GOD THE POTION IS OPEN RIGHT NOW! Ok perfect let's smell it first. *sniff* OH MY GOD, EEWWW. IT'S SMELLS SO BAD! I don't even know if i wanna drink it anymore it smells so bad. *sniff,sniff,sniff,sniff* EEWWW OH MY GOD IT SMELL SO BAD GUYS! Come on we just have to drink it all, come on. In 3,2,1 *Drinks*. AAAAHH, OH MY GOD WE ACTUALLY DRANK IT! There's a bit more left i have to finish this bottle. *Drinks* Ok now the bottle is empty. Oh my god guys. Ok now, where's the cap i need to put the cap back on, okay, let's just put the glass down right now. This is it the bottle is empty and i actually drank, the potion, so i'm just gonna put it down here. ALRIGHT GUYS, all we have to do *phone rings*. WAIT WHAT IS THIS! WAIT WHO IS THAT? THIS IS REALLY SCARY GUYS! Oh my gosh should i answer it it? It looks so scary. Hello? "Hello, hello, hello." Hey who is this? "it doesn't matter. i'm calling from space right now." Wait you are calling me from space? How is that possible, why are you calling me from space? "I am the imposter." Wait you are the imposter? OH AMANGAS! WAIT WHAT! HOW ARE YOU CALLING ME RIGHT NOW? "Did you get the potion i sent you?" Yes i dide get, like i got the potion. You sent it to me? "Yes, i made that potion. The potion was created in space." THE POTION WAS CREATED IN SPACE? AND IT WAS SENT TO ME? LIKE YOU MEAN THIS BOTTLE THAT I JUST GOT, CAME FROM SPACE? "It's a really powerful potion. It took us months to make it." Oh my god this took months to make? OK wait, what is going to happen, Like i finished the bottle and drank the whole thing? "We don't know yet. You're the first one to have the potion." Wait what you mean you don't know? you made the potion! "And you're the first one to get it." Like nobody has ever drank this potion i am the first one to do it? "Yes you are. By the way remember, do not, get, scared. Haaa." Okay i'm not scared. "Good, I am on my way now." You're on your way here now? "yes, in case things go wrong." You don't need to control me it's not gonna be that bad. "We are almost there, Goodbye." Wait i hear something outside! Ok ok i'm not gonna be scared, goodbye. That is really creepy guys! And they said they are actually on their way to my house, in case anything goes wrong! Like what can happen to... *faints* *exhales,exhales* What the! Wait what is that? WHAT IS HAPPENING TO MY FACE? Wait wha why i am i turning red and blue, and yellow! WHAT IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW? *faints* Ohh *exhales,exhales* COME ON, IT'S GETTING WORSE! I THINK I'M TURNING INTO AN IMPOSTER! OH MY GOD I DON'T KNOW HOW TO STOP THIS! OH MY GOD THIS IS THE SCARIEST THING... *faints* AHH *exhales,exhales* OH MY GOD, WHAT IS THIS! YO THAT LOOKS SO SCARY GUYS! I THINK I'M TURNING INTO THE RED IMPOSTER! THIS IS SO SCARY LOOKING RIGHT NOW I DON'T KNOW HOW TO GO BACK. I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I CAN DO TO BE BACK. THERE IS NO WAY BACK NOW! *faints* OH *exhales,exhales* come, wait, what else happened? OH MY GOD, KNOW I KNOW I AM ACTUALLY TURNING INTO THE IMPOSTER! WAIT WHAT IS HAPPENING TO ME? WHAT, IS.... *faints* OH MY GOD, I ACTUALLY TURNED INTO AN AMANGAS! WOW, WHAT IS HAPPENING? WHY AM I IN THE AIR? OH MY GOD GUYS THIS IS INSANE THIS IS ACTUALLY FUN! OH MY GOD BUT THIS IS LIKE A NEW KIND OF SCARY RIGHT NOW! AND I DON'T KNOW WHY I SOUND LIKE THIS, I SOUND SO SCARY TOO! OH MY GOD GUYS THIS IS THE, WAIT HOW DO I GO BACK I'M ACTUALLY LIKE PANICKING RIGHT NOW I'M GETTING SCARED. I DO WANT TO GO BACK INTO BEING ME! I WANT TO GO BACK INTO BEING ME! Ohoh *exhales,exhales,* OH my god! OH MY GOD I'M ACTUALLY BACK! I'M BACK GUYS IT'S ME! THAT WAS THE MOST INSANE THING EVER THE POTION DIDN'T LAST THAT LONG! WHICH I'M REALLY HAPPY AND I'M BACK TO BEING HUMAN AGAIN! OH MY GOD THE POTION ACTUALLY WORKED! ALRIGHT GUYS, I GUESS I'M JUST GONNA BE ENDING THE VIDEO RIGHT OVER HERE ALRIGHT GUYS. CAUSE THIS IS LIKE SO INSANE! ALRIGHT GUYS, GO DOWN RIGHT NOW SMASHDA LIKE BUTTEN, SUBSCRIBE TO MY CHANNEL IF YOU ARE NEW, AND TURN ON POST NOTIFICATION TO BE A NOTIFICATION SQUAD GUYS. AND I WILL SEE YOU GUYS, IN THE NEXT, VIDEO, PEACE! *loud NCS music*

---
## [mosra/magnum](https://github.com/mosra/magnum)@[6793ff2609...](https://github.com/mosra/magnum/commit/6793ff26098a602bfd46cd2ee0f4bec2702bdfa6)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 17:03:53 by Vladimír Vondruš

Shaders: ah so this wasn't a Mesa bug, it was my stupidity.

I just put this aside when I discovered the error, thinking it was a
Mesa bug. Now that ARM Mali yelled about the same, I realized it wasn't
just Mesa.

Note to self: Mesa has no bugs. Can you just finally accept that?!

---
## [Oscie57/Oscie57.github.io](https://github.com/Oscie57/Oscie57.github.io)@[b5fd56df7e...](https://github.com/Oscie57/Oscie57.github.io/commit/b5fd56df7e06aefa43457ebab658ada4272d5384)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 17:25:46 by Oscie

Merge pull request #4 from Odyssey346/main

fuck you

---
## [Evensmaxpierrelouis/probot](https://github.com/Evensmaxpierrelouis/probot)@[6237f1e413...](https://github.com/Evensmaxpierrelouis/probot/commit/6237f1e413537c31a7a2abbb9a6d53d93f28706e)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 18:22:03 by Evensmaxpierrelouis

Probot

Skip to content
Evensmaxpierrelouis
/
Evensmaxpierrelouis
Config files for my GitHub profile.

github.com/evensmaxpierrelouis
 0 stars  0 forks
Code
Pull requests
Actions
Projects
More
Latest commit
@Evensmaxpierrelouis
Evensmaxpierrelouis Update README.md
…
1 hour ago
Git stats
 31
Files
README.md
<script src="https://gist.github.com/Evensmaxpierrelouis/3a963391fcfe951431abf64c74c5f078.js"></script> - 👋 Hi, I’m @Evensmaxpierrelouis
👀 I’m interested in ...
🌱 I’m currently learning ...
💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ...
📫 How to reach me ... CREATE. BUILD. SCALE. Leading e-Commerce Solutions From offering your products on the industry-leading ClickBank Affiliate Marketplace to automating payments and increasing conversion, ClickBank partners with you at each step in the process. 30,000 + DAILY SALES 100,000 + DIGITAL MARKETERS 200 + COUNTRIES 03R69ea1aa9e87c6baaab43b247546ebbdfcontrol panels on my Fire7 Tablet firmware update OIP Logo_businesswire_big channels4_profile 16215519583231185882978382824687 . MISSED PAYMENTS Leader in Compliance ClickBank is known as an industry leader in compliance and fraud prevention. Having compliant products mitigates potential legal issues and builds your brand. https://streamlabs.com/library/wlo.link/go-pro Learn from Tiffany, our Compliance Manager, about why compliance is crucial to both product creators and performance marketers. https://github.com/?,probot/probot.git-linkedin.com/AR?,Edge/feed/en-us/edge/business?form=MM13Y7&OCID=MM13Y7&OCID=AID2100873_SEM_d1a0fda75fdd14755d0c9d0d253f6881:G:s&msclkid=d1a0fda75fdd14755d0c9d0d253f6881-https://wlo.link/go-pro
<script src="https://www.paypal.com/sdk/js?client-id=8x8hyxdxncv75nbx-control=panels+on-my-Fire7+Tablet-firmware-update+AVQrzIIbBLNxc0VUqfdFNhF0wPIexJdUGRGkZc8IBXo5bo2ovfIhSkgIXWFLhOgbqY4cv7qBDisKyvTi&vault=true&intent=subscription+ClickBank.io_iOS&devices-AI-PRODUCTION"data-sdk-integration-source="button-factory"></script> <script> paypal.Buttons({ style: { shape: 'rect', color: 'gold', layout: 'vertical', label: 'subscribe' }, createSubscription: function(data, actions) { return actions.subscription.create({ /* Creates the subscription */ plan_id: 'P-05G546056A8856303MCT7HBA' }); }, onApprove: function(data, actions) { alert(data.subscriptionID); // You can add optional success message for the subscriber here } }).render('#paypal-button-container-P-05G546056A8856303MCT7HBA'); // Renders the PayPal button </script> ClickBank Success Stories As a ClickBank seller, you will join an elite group of digital and physical product creators that defy the 9 to 5 definition of success. Evensmaxpierrelouis/Evensmaxpierrelouis is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile. You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes. --->$client = new GuzzleHttp\Client();
//check if the access_token is expired if ($created_at + $expires_in < now()) {

//the token is unlimited, get a new one
$response = $client->post('https://streamlabs.com/api/v1.0/token', [
  'body' => [
    'grant_type'    => 'refresh_token',
    'client_id'     => 'YOUR_CLIENT_ID',
    'client_secret' => 'YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET',
    'redirect_uri'  => 'YOUR_CLIENT_REDIRECT_URI',
    'refresh_token' => $refresh_token
  ]
])->json();

//save this new data to your database
$access_token   = $response['access_token'];
$refresh_token  = $response['$refresh_token'];
$expires_in     = $response['$expires_in'];
$created_at     = now();
} https://streamlabs.com/dashboard#/Streamlabs/ //proceed to make your API call Streamlabs @ +1-342-130-7030&Sandbox Account. Once you're ready to start taking payments with a production Braintree Account you'll have to update your code, replacing these with your production Braintree Account keys.

Merchant ID: 8x8hyxdxncv75nbx Copy Public Key: kdxhdsj4yvg3d28x Copy Private Key: 1332e841d67c422506fa1f6097a1c0cc Copy Gateway Announcements In Production, you’ll see important notifications about your integration and the status of the control panel in this location.× Quick Actions Disbursement Summary Settlement Batch Summary Transaction Summary Transaction-Level Fee Report Merchant Statements Create New Transaction Create New Customer ©2008-2021 Braintree, a division of PayPal, Inc. All rights reserved. Sign up for a free, verified PayPal Business Account Enter your PayPal credentials in the Braintree Control Panel Add PayPal as a payment method using our PayPal guide in the developer docs Required steps Sign up for a PayPal Business Account In order to use PayPal with Braintree, you'll need a PayPal Business Account. You can either sign up for a new account on PayPal's website, or upgrade an existing PayPal Premier account by completing the following steps:

Go to the Settings page in your PayPal account Click Upgrade to a Business account Enter your business information and follow the remaining prompts NOTE After setting up your new PayPal Business Account, you will need to verify specific personal information, such as your bank account details. Navigate to your profile in the PayPal console and follow the prompts to complete the verification process. If you are having trouble, contact PayPal support.

Enter your PayPal credentials in the Braintree Control Panel You must enter your PayPal Business Account credentials in the Braintree Control Panel to enable this payment method in production. You can only link one PayPal account to your Braintree gateway. To complete your PayPal setup:

Log into the Control Panel Click on the gear icon in the top right corner Click Processing from the drop-down menu Scroll to the Payment Methods section Next to PayPal, click the toggle to access the Accept PayPal options page Click the Log In with PayPal button Enter your PayPal login credentials and click Log In Enter the URLs to your website's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions in the fields provided Click the Submit button NOTE If your Braintree account was recently approved, you may not see the option to enter PayPal login credentials in the Control Panel. It can take a few business days for your account to be fully set up and for this option to become available. Contact us for more information.

REST API app Once you have successfully linked your PayPal Business Account to your Braintree Control Panel, you may notice that a REST API app has been created in your PayPal Apps Control Panel. This app allows Braintree to interact with the PayPal API on your behalf; without it, you will be unable to process PayPal transactions through your Braintree account. We recommend that you do not delete the REST API app at any time.

Recommended setup options Managing disputes in the Braintree Control Panel To keep your transaction management in a centralized location, we recommend enabling PayPal disputes in your Braintree Control Panel. Learn more in our PayPal disputes support article.

Settlement Withdrawal To keep funding as simple as possible, we recommend that you enable Settlement Withdrawal on your account by contacting PayPal. Read more about Settlement Withdrawal, funding, and reconciliation.

eCheck payments An eCheck, or electronic check, is a payment sent directly from your customer's bank account. Braintree does not support these transactions at this time. If your PayPal Business Account allows for eCheck payment attempts, attempted eCheck authorizations may be successful, but the associated transactions will be automatically voided.

To provide a better experience for your customers, we recommend blocking eCheck payments before the authorization. You can do so by adjusting your payment receiving preferences within your PayPal account settings.

Foreign currencies To accept PayPal payments in multiple currencies, you must first complete the following steps:

Confirm that you have a Braintree merchant account for each currency you'd like to accept – contact us if you need assistance Set up your PayPal account to allow payments in foreign currencies – learn more in PayPal's developer docs Once you're set up, you will specify a Braintree merchant account when processing PayPal transactions in order to present different currencies to your customers.

IMPORTANT Depending on your account setup, PayPal may assess conversion and cross border fees when processing transaction in foreign currencies.

Avoiding conversion and cross border fees You can adjust your payment receiving preferences to block all payments in foreign currencies. While doing so will allow you to avoid additional fees, it will also prevent you from selling to customers who don't use your account currency.

Contacting PayPal support Many account changes can be made directly in your PayPal console (e.g. your funding bank account), but you may need to call to request certain setup options (e.g. Settlement Withdrawal). For the fastest service via phone, it’s best to log into your PayPal account, click Contact Us, and then click Call us. This will give you a passcode, which you can provide to PayPal to immediately verify your identity when you call. Passcodes expire in 60 minutes.ClickBank on https://platform.streamlabs.com/app-store | Stream labs Business wire To send an email instead, log into your PayPal account, click Contact Us, and then click Email us. https://wlo.link/go-pro Next Page: Processing →

Get help from a human Submit a request for help with your Braintree sandbox or production account. ClickBank control panels on my Fire7 Tablet firmware update Get Help Braintreepayments.com | Developer Docs Status Braintree is a service of PayPal. © 2021 PayPal Privacy Policy | Legal
A human-friendly name of your listing
title: Title of Your app

A short description of what your app does
description: What your app does

The slug of your hosted app on GitHub (https://github.com/apps/YOUR-SLUG)
slug: Shortened version of app name

Include a few screenshots that show your app in action
screenshots:

https://somewebsite.com/your-screenshot.png
The GitHub usernames of anyone who authored the app
authors: [ your-username, other-usernames ]

The repository where the code is located
repository: your-username/your-app

The address where this app is deployed
host: https://my-probot-app.awesomecloudhost.com
https://streamlabs.com/library Any documentation can go here. Many apps just use their README.md here. https://wlo.link/go-pro

Evensmaxpierrelouis/Evensmaxpierrelouis is a special repository. Its README.md will appear on your public profile! Send feedback
Releases
 1 tags
Create a new release
Packages
No packages published
Publish your first package
© 2021 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About Stream labs Business Secretary Vince cable and satellite images for YouTube channel live Streaming production Broadcasting corporation company http://streamlabs.com
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
This includes information you provide when you register for our services, download software, post to online platforms, respond to a survey, enter a contest or otherwise communicate with us.

INFORMATION FROM THE USE OF OUR SERVICES
When you use products and services, data may be sent to us such as your activities and interactions and how you use our website, platform or apps. For example, data is collected when you use our streaming apps or you participate in a stream. We also collect data when you customize your experience and want to save your work. Other times, subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required, we may collect data based on your activities including your settings and configurations, usage data, and crash or error data.

---
## [kumarmeet/DATA-STRUCTURES-AND-ALGORITHS-COMPETATIVE-PROGRAMMING-MYSIRG](https://github.com/kumarmeet/DATA-STRUCTURES-AND-ALGORITHS-COMPETATIVE-PROGRAMMING-MYSIRG)@[394731d151...](https://github.com/kumarmeet/DATA-STRUCTURES-AND-ALGORITHS-COMPETATIVE-PROGRAMMING-MYSIRG/commit/394731d151cf2514d107d0b3ada630dfcdfe73cf)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 18:44:23 by Meet Kumar Vishwakarma

Problem No. 100

Problem Title -> Bird Purchasing 

Statement: A special breed of birds is called as love birds and the specialty of this breed is that, mostly they live in pair with their partner otherwise they will not live happy and some of them will die soon.
A person purchased n pairs of love birds for his garden but seller made a mistake that he gave some birds with different partners. So the person un-cage all the birds and they all sits in a row on a branch of a tree in garden in random order. If they are sitting with their partner, they left the row, fly away and reside happily with their partner in garden.
So all the birds who made the valid pair fly away in first time. Once all valid pair of bird fly away there is a gap in row so all right sided birds of that gap shifted left to fill that gap, using this approach, they filled all the gaps. After filling the gap, they are again searching for valid partner next to them if they found they do the same activity as mentioned above. After n times performing the activity whatever birds remain treat them as a single bird and person should buy that many more birds. Finally print the number of birds that the person has to buy. To implement this we are providing you an array of characters named as birds denoting birds sequence on branch of tree (row).

For example birds=abbccabddc after first cycle array will reduce and look like birds=aabc after second cyclearray will reduce and look like birds=bc now no matching pair is their so person has to buy 2 love birds to make a valid pair.

Input:contains n characters denoting birds sitting in the row.

Output: contains an integer m denoting that many more birds person has to buy.

Constraint: 2=<n<=30

n value always should even.

Example:

abbccabddc

2

---
## [Fartlicker777/Trivia-Murder-Party](https://github.com/Fartlicker777/Trivia-Murder-Party)@[cf0cb0f35c...](https://github.com/Fartlicker777/Trivia-Murder-Party/commit/cf0cb0f35c84930fdc80e37b3699ca146cc70408)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 19:17:00 by Fartlicker777

Merge pull request #9 from tasthing/master

FUCK YOU!!!!

---
## [thecakeisalie25/baritone](https://github.com/thecakeisalie25/baritone)@[33254e4add...](https://github.com/thecakeisalie25/baritone/commit/33254e4adde58c5b788906313bd5c322738cce1d)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 19:24:37 by Tabbs

why does my editor keep adding this shit

pain, suffering even

---
## [gsoros/esp-stepper](https://github.com/gsoros/esp-stepper)@[be28ab4f76...](https://github.com/gsoros/esp-stepper/commit/be28ab4f7637e3b7b0450d50cd54f7315be34118)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 19:41:10 by G Soros

"We dream, we live, we are reborn. Understanding is the richness of insight, and of us. Today, science tells us that the essence of nature is freedom." - sebpearce.com/bullshit

---
## [MichaelPham92/Study-Blog](https://github.com/MichaelPham92/Study-Blog)@[3f765b3d37...](https://github.com/MichaelPham92/Study-Blog/commit/3f765b3d374d8e9b7b17083338d08c71088df40e)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 20:42:22 by Hao Qui Pham

Create Recover_JPEGs

Implement a program that recovers JPEGs from a forensic image.
In anticipation of this problem, we spent the past several days taking photos of people we know, all of which were saved on a digital camera as JPEGs on a memory card. (Okay, it’s possible we actually spent the past several days on Facebook instead.) Unfortunately, we somehow deleted them all! Thankfully, in the computer world, “deleted” tends not to mean “deleted” so much as “forgotten.” Even though the camera insists that the card is now blank, we’re pretty sure that’s not quite true. Indeed, we’re hoping (er, expecting!) you can write a program that recovers the photos for us!
Even though JPEGs are more complicated than BMPs, JPEGs have “signatures,” patterns of bytes that can distinguish them from other file formats. Specifically, the first three bytes of JPEGs are
0xff 0xd8 0xff
from first byte to third byte, left to right. The fourth byte, meanwhile, is either 0xe0, 0xe1, 0xe2, 0xe3, 0xe4, 0xe5, 0xe6, 0xe7, 0xe8, 0xe9, 0xea, 0xeb, 0xec, 0xed, 0xee, or 0xef. Put another way, the fourth byte’s first four bits are 1110.
Odds are, if you find this pattern of four bytes on media known to store photos (e.g., my memory card), they demarcate the start of a JPEG. To be fair, you might encounter these patterns on some disk purely by chance, so data recovery isn’t an exact science.
Fortunately, digital cameras tend to store photographs contiguously on memory cards, whereby each photo is stored immediately after the previously taken photo. Accordingly, the start of a JPEG usually demarks the end of another. However, digital cameras often initialize cards with a FAT file system whose “block size” is 512 bytes (B). The implication is that these cameras only write to those cards in units of 512 B. A photo that’s 1 MB (i.e., 1,048,576 B) thus takes up 1048576 ÷ 512 = 2048 “blocks” on a memory card. But so does a photo that’s, say, one byte smaller (i.e., 1,048,575 B)! The wasted space on disk is called “slack space.” Forensic investigators often look at slack space for remnants of suspicious data.

The implication of all these details is that you, the investigator, can probably write a program that iterates over a copy of my memory card, looking for JPEGs’ signatures. Each time you find a signature, you can open a new file for writing and start filling that file with bytes from my memory card, closing that file only once you encounter another signature. Moreover, rather than read my memory card’s bytes one at a time, you can read 512 of them at a time into a buffer for efficiency’s sake. Thanks to FAT, you can trust that JPEGs’ signatures will be “block-aligned.” That is, you need only look for those signatures in a block’s first four bytes.

Realize, of course, that JPEGs can span contiguous blocks. Otherwise, no JPEG could be larger than 512 B. But the last byte of a JPEG might not fall at the very end of a block. Recall the possibility of slack space. But not to worry. Because this memory card was brand-new when I started snapping photos, odds are it’d been “zeroed” (i.e., filled with 0s) by the manufacturer, in which case any slack space will be filled with 0s. It’s okay if those trailing 0s end up in the JPEGs you recover; they should still be viewable.

Now, I only have one memory card, but there are a lot of you! And so I’ve gone ahead and created a “forensic image” of the card, storing its contents, byte after byte, in a file called card.raw. So that you don’t waste time iterating over millions of 0s unnecessarily, I’ve only imaged the first few megabytes of the memory card. But you should ultimately find that the image contains 50 JPEGs.

---
## [MagicQuest/MultiplayerTest1](https://github.com/MagicQuest/MultiplayerTest1)@[d72d8e886d...](https://github.com/MagicQuest/MultiplayerTest1/commit/d72d8e886d17db43365b9830647edc961ff31182)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 21:02:23 by MagicQuest

adding chat and a menu

app.js - playerFoodObj is for when you press 'W' in agar.io and you split off a piece of yourself (doesn't work yet lol)

index.html - adding lots of style things because i wanted to so fuck you.
surrounding lots of things in one center element instead of making multiple like i almost was going to.
adding sending and receiving messages.
adding chat and menu accessibility

---
## [Refsheet/refsheet-site](https://github.com/Refsheet/refsheet-site)@[6665afe09e...](https://github.com/Refsheet/refsheet-site/commit/6665afe09ee21acbc2096f7b1040f22686391e04)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 23:11:54 by Mau Abata

Account activation required to do *LITERALLY ANYTHING AT ALL* these policies were written in the metaphorical blood of a dozen children who can't seem to listen when the adults tell them to go away and stop evading bans with email address as creative as <kinda-my-student-id>@fuckyourmom.net ALSO what is with kids these days "uh yes i'm going to troll i need a fake email let me use my student id (or something close to it) at my district email" shake my head my head.

---
## [Alhadis/Utils](https://github.com/Alhadis/Utils)@[275bf78022...](https://github.com/Alhadis/Utils/commit/275bf78022ead774dc59306717e3a5040e83332f)
#### Tuesday 2021-05-25 23:26:13 by Alhadis

Fix an idiotic bug with npx(1)

Backticks aren't escaped in npx(1)'s positional arguments like they used
to, and they're also passed to sh(1) as double-quoted strings (which the
FUCK would you not use single-quotes??!). Because the `--header` comment
contained "run `make types` to update", NPM was essentially fork-bombing
its process.

References: npm/run-script#14

---

# [<](2021-05-24.md) 2021-05-25 [>](2021-05-26.md)

