# [<](2020-10-02.md) 2020-10-03 [>](2020-10-04.md)

2,101,750 events, 1,195,970 push events, 1,650,289 commit messages, 98,532,273 characters


## [rorydale/pointbreakradio](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio)@[1c37014c9c...](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio/commit/1c37014c9c1fee24d2ad7bf2349640bb0932a007)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 01:25:15 by Rory Dale

2020-10-02

Friday, October 2nd, 2020 - the 80s/90s rock show! I don't imagine that there were many people that had a dream about Enuff Z'Nuff last night, but I did, and I was listening to a tape of their album Strength. That was all the inspiration I needed for today's show when I woke up, but I thought I'd explore some more un-listened (for me) territory within this genre and these years. Nothing too obscure, and it was a great way for me to shake off the work week. Grab your cowboy boots. Let's rock!

---
## [BenEskildsen/SidewalkEmpire](https://github.com/BenEskildsen/SidewalkEmpire)@[72651f85c1...](https://github.com/BenEskildsen/SidewalkEmpire/commit/72651f85c15f191e50f91ffe37071059c525d844)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 01:51:37 by Ben

add experimental token that makes queen follow it
-  - experiment with using examine sprites during MOVE_TURNS and/or during retrieval task
-  - experiment with a token that moves on click and that queen follows its pheromone
-    - add new pheromone type
-    - make a token that is a producer of this type
-    - add click handlers for adding it, removing old one
-    - update queen task around following this pheromone
-    - render this token differently
-  - make 1-2 levels per day
-    - acorn level, start in center surrounded by red ants/beetles, etc.
-      - I wish fighting beetles/spiders was more qualitatively interesting
-    - kitchen level specific notes
-      - tune the foot with proper behavior
-    - huge level (400x400) with very sparse food and big enemy colony
-      - adding dirt is very slow on big level in editor
-        - because it's an unanimated type that is generating a giant png
-      - initial png load can cause black screen
-      - could potentially be the entire game: it's 16 100x100 levels
-  - feeding larva and removing that pheromone is very performance intensive
-    - need to time-box pheromone filling
-  - issues
-    - disable corresponding button when its hotkey is pressed
-    - modals:
-      - use localStorage to remember if tutorial modals have been seen
-        - other than ones that unlock stuff?
-          - should all modals unlock something?
-      - is it possible to make everything self-explanatory enough to not need them at all?
-    - ants not taking larva to larva token in neoFireAntLevel
-    - either bite should do way more damage, or jump + bite should
-    - if you're participating in breaking up a grappling line, that should keep
-      newly-freed-up ants alerted so they help flank
-    - token getting fully surrounded feels inexplicable and bad.
-      - could alert that the pheromone is gone/inaccessible?
-      - if there are ants returning food and not on pheromone, could increase token rad
-      - same issue when there's not enough dirt putdown locations accessible
-    - tune patrol
-      - not all patrollers correctly re-routing towards opponent colony
-      - patrollers tend to clump around a single area, instead of a territory
-   - brainstorm
-    - is it possible to make things self-organized enough that you don't need tokens?
-      - replacement for larva token could be queen herself?
-    - perhaps levels need to be designed around starting in small area that you
-      are constrained to until you can dig or kill many beetles, etc
-      - if you choose to stay at starting location, make interesting ramp up of activities
-      - if you choose to explore make doing that interesting/difficult as well
-      - worm may be too volatile to put near you
-      - give enemy ants a starting reserve of food
-    - need to up juicyness of movement, actions, earn people playing long enough
-      to discover additional mechanics
-      - add an action to wander for looking around
-      - make wander move slower, with explore that moves faster
-      - make movement more aligned with real ants
-    - maybe when enemy queen is killed, turn off grapple for your side?
-    - young queens:
-      - triggered at a certain time or colony size
-      - forced to lay that egg type for certain amount of time
-      - select a young queen to become at end of timer
-      - old queen stays around?
-    - no more producing tokens
-      - instead you select location of colony when new queen is selected
-      - tokens with less range (how to understand when something is out of range?
-      - what of egg/larva/pupa tokens?
-  - "out there" brainstorms
-    - could add water that is literally just a pheromone
-      - slows you down, then does damage?
-    - ants can lose hp over time from age?
-      - dead bodies should decay over time
-      - can compute maximum number of ants in the world w/this
-    - upgrades could somehow be out in the world to encourage exploring?
-    - would be cool if based off colony size or ant age, ants dedicate to brood, etc
-      (at least just based on the existence of egg/larva/pupa, (ie task need))
-    - have game zoom out (noticeably) when your colony grows?
-  - to draw:
-    - egg laying animation
-    - worm, dead worm
-    - centipede, dead centipede
-    - different queen model
-    - pre-rotated pheromones
-    - better spider
-  - larva have a transparent pixel that needs to be filled in white
-  - more animations
-    - grappling can grab a leg
-    - grapple mechanic needs to be visually understandable
-    - make biting food animation
-    - larva could flip sides ocassionally
-    (after a certain amount of time)
-  - sometimes COLONY pheromone doesn't correctly clear (same turn that token shrinks
-    and food is picked up?
-  - add worms, centipedes,
-    - render worms on minimap
-    - make worm more likely to move forward than side-to-side
-    - have rear (and all, if w/sprites) segment interpolate
-  - add doodads, picnic blanket
-    - buried doodads don't play nicely visually with moving dirt around
-      - need to be able to redraw just part of the image when refreshing
-        stale areas due to dirt pickup
-        (or also refresh all other unanimated entity types in collision with it)
-    - bird skeleton
-    - broken pencil
-  - updating pheromones can cause huge slowdowns too
-    - larva, pupa,
-  - wider queen should opt to pickup from center neighbor first
-  - jumping ant notes
-    - camera gets off-centered from queen location (hard to repro...)
-    - the micro can seemingly snag on the target when trying to turn away
-  - media notes
-    - media are bad at bringing back food, get stuck on each other and move slow
-    - can get stuck wanting to go through 1-wide areas
-    - media are difficult to recruit/keep recruited to a fight
-    - media can have trouble putting stuff down (blocked diagonally somehow?)
-    - media should be more expensive, faster, and better fighers (more hp/damage)
-      - shock troops
-      - could get an upgrade to allow them to pick up dirt?
-  - termites:
-    - should be some reward for fighting them
-    - after queen is dead, termites should turn to food, or be easier to beat
-    - termites should turn into food when they die?
-    - termite numbers are out of control
-      - cap termite colony size
-    - termites w/fungus that produces food
-  - ants holding dirt can be tricked into returning (because of alert?)
-    - they seemed to figure it out eventually
-  - lay eggs underneath you again

---
## [symfony/symfony](https://github.com/symfony/symfony)@[534466d1cf...](https://github.com/symfony/symfony/commit/534466d1cfc4f5fb1a83361f45de07fbf1a3edb3)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 06:24:14 by Fabien Potencier

feature #38177 [Security] Magic login link authentication (weaverryan)

This PR was squashed before being merged into the 5.2-dev branch.

Discussion
----------

[Security] Magic login link authentication

| Q             | A
| ------------- | ---
| Branch?       | master
| Bug fix?      | no
| New feature?  | yes
| Deprecations? | no
| Tickets       | none
| License       | MIT
| Doc PR        | TODO

Hi!

This adds a Slack-style "magic link" login authenticator to the new login system: (A) enter your email into a form, (B) receive an email with a link in it (C) click that link and you are authenticated!

For most users, implementing this would require:

A) Create a [controller](https://github.com/weaverryan/symfony-magic-login-link-example/blob/master/src/Controller/MagicLinkLoginController.php) with the "enter your email" form and a route for the "check" functionality (similar to `form_login`)
B) Activate in `security.yaml`:

```yml
security:
    enable_authenticator_manager: true
    # ...
    firewalls:
        # ...
        main:
            # ...
            login_link:
                check_route: 'magic_link_verify'
                # this is an important and powerful option
                # An array of properties on your User that are used to sign the link.
                # If any of these change, all existing links will become invalid
                # tl;dr If you want the modification of ANY field to invalidate ALL existing magic links immediately,
                # then you can add it to this list. You could even add a "lastLoginLinkSentAt" to invalid
                # all existing login links when a new one is sent.
                signature_properties: [id, password, email]

                # optional - by default, links can be reused but have a 10 minute lifetime
                #max_uses: 3
                #used_link_cache: cache.app
```

Done! This will generate a URL that looks something like this:

> https://127.0.0.1:9033/login/verify?user=weaverryan@gmail.com&expires=1601342578&hash=YzE1ZDJlYjM3YTMyMjgwZDdkYzg2ZjFlMjZhN2E5ZWRmMzk3NjAxNjRjYThiMjMzNmIxYzAzYzQ4NmQ2Zjk4NA%3D%3D

We would implement a Maker command this config + login/controller. The implementation is done via a "signed URL" and an optional cache pool to "expire" links. The hash of the signed URL can contain any user fields you want, which give you a powerful mechanism to invalidate magic tokens on user data changes. See `signature_properties` above.

#### Security notes:

There is a LOT of variability about how secure these need to be:

* A) Many/most implementation only allow links to be used ONE time. That is *possible* with this implementation, but is not the *default*. You CAN add a `max_uses` config which stores the expired links in a cache so they cannot be re-used. However, to make this work, you need to do more work by adding some "page" between the link the users clicks and *actually* using the login link. Why? Because unless you do this, email clients may follow the link to "preview" it and will "consume" the link.

* B) Many implementations will invalidate all other login links for a user when a new one is created. We do *not* do that, but that IS possible (and we could even generate the code for it) by adding a `lastLoginLinkSentAt` field to `User` and including this in `signature_properties`.

* C) We *do* invalidate all links if the user's email address is changed (assuming the `email` is included in `signature_properties`, which it should be). You can also invalidate on password change or whatever you want.

* D) Some implementations add a "state" so that you can only use the link on the same device that created it. That is, in many cases, quite annoying. We do not currently support that, but we could in the future (and the user could add it themselves).

Thanks!

#### TODOS:

* [x] A) more tests: functional (?) traits
* [ ] B) documentation
* [ ] C) MakerBundle PR
* [ ] D) Make sure we have what we need to allow that "in between" page
* [ ] E) Create a new cache pool instead of relying on cache.app?

Commits
-------

a8afe109d8 [Security] Magic login link authentication

---
## [queer/singyeong](https://github.com/queer/singyeong)@[f08da681a9...](https://github.com/queer/singyeong/commit/f08da681a92f4d2ca0945d2e7619870fc3b97537)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 07:02:44 by amy null

A lot, it turns out. Oops.

This wasn't meant to become such a large commit, but as I was cleaning
up one thing to make it more usable with queues, I kept finding other
things that needed to be cleaned up / refactored / whatever, so we've
ended up here now. Whoops.

- Rewrote storage engine to be pluggable, with the Mnesia engine as the
  default.
- Deleted `Singyeong.Env` in favour of `Singyeong.Config`.
- Tags are gone. They weren't very useful anyway. :crab:
- Made a lot of structs for stuff that used to be plain map abuse.
- Added a real error message format that's used consistently.
- Added real error messages for metadata validation.
- MASSIVELY simplified the store behaviour to make it more obvious how
  to properly implement a custom store based on the behaviour, instead
  of the ad-hoc Mnesia-centric behaviour that was cobbled together over
  the last few years.
- Clients are now stored internally as a proper struct instead of being
  spread over a tonne of Mnesia tables. Thank fucking god.
- Discovery endpoint is gone. :crab:
- Refactor tests to be a little cleaner.
- Added `QUEUE_RESPOND` to make it more obvious than a `SEND`.
- Added `QUEUE_CONFIRM` to ack queuing.
- Used config.exs properly. FINALLY. :tada:
- Made cluster controller properly reform Raft zones as needed, by
  making sure that a new cluster member actually joins all consensus
  groups properly.
- `Gateway` now uses `with` to reduce insane indentation a little.
- MUCH cleaner internal error handling during payload processing.
- Only attempt to terminate metadata update queue pids if they actually
  exist.
- Client IP is now stored as a part of metadata.
- Internal struct keys are now properly enforced as needed.
- Message dispatcher service simplified due to not needing as much
  information about the target.
- Query engine is now more consistent in its behaviour, and makes
  SIGNIFICANTLY fewer metadata store calls now. The groundwork has been
  laid for returning proper errors, so that'll come soon! ^^
- Metadata type validators are a little easier to write now.
- Metadata update queues will now attempt to process every pending
  update per-cycle. This will help once some more queuing stuff is
  implemented.
- HTTP(S) proxying is now much easier to understand.
- Queues no longer use message-sending to await a functional group
  leader.
- Queues no longer call `await_leader/2` in the hot path.
- Queue consensus groups now function properly with
  `N_members < N_max_members`.
- Queue state machine now uses a struct for state storage.
- Mnesia store now has understandable code.

---
## [payday-restoration/restoration-mod](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod)@[43c14e6fc0...](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod/commit/43c14e6fc0c742abbf779e501c175df3bfe2dce7)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 09:52:12 by EvilBobarino

zombie titan prep

lol these might crash halloween heists rn but like fuck you stop gaming in dev branch

---
## [andsild/qwde](https://github.com/andsild/qwde)@[88bfd4e250...](https://github.com/andsild/qwde/commit/88bfd4e25086279dc773887441608be09240e3c6)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 12:10:07 by Anders Sildnes

Science Fiction, Double Feature. Frank has built and lost his creature. Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet. The servants gone to a distant planet. Wo, oh, oh, oh. At the late night, double feature, Picture show. I want to go, oh, oh, oh. To the late night, double feature, Picture show. 		-- Rocky Horror Picture Show

---
## [coelckers/Raze](https://github.com/coelckers/Raze)@[7661720585...](https://github.com/coelckers/Raze/commit/766172058565345e6c6a77aa648c16def6dcf7bb)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 16:35:57 by Christoph Oelckers

- fixed Blood map loading

Whoever designed that map format with its idiotic encryption should burn in Hell >)
It's a needless complication and open invitation for errors.
To avoid follow up problems it now uses its own local struct for loading in the sprites and the global spritetype no longer depends on any map format and can be changed as the need arises.

Fixes #101

---
## [Volts-of-Doom/voltsofdoom](https://github.com/Volts-of-Doom/voltsofdoom)@[40062fe13a...](https://github.com/Volts-of-Doom/voltsofdoom/commit/40062fe13ab569cec50856c39b868b68dfe61627)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 17:20:16 by GenElectrovise

DIE HA HA HA DIE HA D--.... Uh... I mean... I removed the old Tile.- and Entity.Properties and -Archetype class because they were hateful, and have installed a new system based around IProperties and IPropertyHandlers regulated by generics.

---
## [realspectr3x/enhancedcraft](https://github.com/realspectr3x/enhancedcraft)@[8075d2d0ec...](https://github.com/realspectr3x/enhancedcraft/commit/8075d2d0ec3214bf550929eba819466d9a1f4229)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 17:41:16 by Spectr3x

EnhancedCraft (beta-1.3)

This beta update introduces support for FabricSkyBoxes, as well as some changes and bug fixes.

### Changes
    - OPTIONS_BACKGROUND is now customizable! We have created a mod menu that allows for configuration.
    - Quality-of-Life Changes
        - Changed the crosshair. Some people didn't want to play Minecraft like an FPS lol.
        - Changed the Enchanted Item Glint. Now looks epic as fuq
        - Changed "Tom Yum" to "Tom Yum Kong".
        - Added a custom attack indicator.
        - Added flesh-to-leather capability without additional mods, via smelting only.
        - Added granite-to-cobble capability without additional mods, for those who don't want granite, diorite, or andesite, (aka the ugly & useless blocks).
        - Added cheap-arrow capability for those who hate flint. Now you can craft an arrow with cobblestone, albeit less efficient.
    - Added Block of Etherium and Bronze.
    - Add custom skybox. (For OptiFine users)
    - Adds skybox dependency. (No we're not, we reverted this.)
    - 1.16.3 is supported alongside 1.16.2.

---
## [AwokeinanEnigma/Moonstorm](https://github.com/AwokeinanEnigma/Moonstorm)@[4469d73f07...](https://github.com/AwokeinanEnigma/Moonstorm/commit/4469d73f0773608a875e988509f8a5daf3aed207)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 18:29:10 by AwokeinanEnigma

-fuck bombardier honestly
-i drank myself to death
-anyways added tweaks to war elites

---
## [andsild/blog](https://github.com/andsild/blog)@[facc8067e7...](https://github.com/andsild/blog/commit/facc8067e7f4be0ed7845def3976808ec6c664ca)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 19:09:21 by Anders Sildnes

	In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, "Hi, Junior, what are you up to?" 	"I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes," said the rabbit. 	"Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!  No one will publish such rubbish!" 	"Well, follow me and I'll show you." 	They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.  Comes along a wolf.  "Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?" 	"I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour wolves." 	"Are you crazy?  Where's your academic honesty?" 	"Come with me and I'll show you." 	As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face and a diploma in his paw.  Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody remnants of the wolf and the fox.  	The moral: It's not the contents of your thesis that are important -- it's your PhD advisor that really counts.

---
## [DavidAEriksson/davideriksson](https://github.com/DavidAEriksson/davideriksson)@[93397b5c20...](https://github.com/DavidAEriksson/davideriksson/commit/93397b5c20a71c0f642c9e2b467e6d51bfa2c362)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 19:38:36 by David Eriksson

Added project tool icons to project cards, icons can be dynamically added in projects.json, but the icon needs to be imported from icon library to be rendered. fuck you.

---
## [splushii/dbtest](https://github.com/splushii/dbtest)@[a8fe5a2cfc...](https://github.com/splushii/dbtest/commit/a8fe5a2cfc9b9aee845bdd4cb9b5bd4ed6303aac)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 20:01:36 by dancingBunnies

Multiple changes (10 add)

Add id 6412 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (Ain't Got No - I Got Life) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 14763 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (I Loves You Porgy) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 14784 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (I Put A Spell On You) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 6411 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (I Wish I Knew How It Felt To Be Free) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 6407 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (I Wish I Knew How It Would Feel To Be Free) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 6410 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (My Baby Just Cares for Me) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 6405 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (Rich Girl) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 6409 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (Sinner Man) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 6403 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (Trouble In Mind) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position
Add id 14815 from subsonic@subsonic.splushii.se (Wild Is the Wind) to playlist test from git@github.com/splushii/dbtest.git to the last position

---
## [nlemoing/initial-commit](https://github.com/nlemoing/initial-commit)@[cd6fb3c853...](https://github.com/nlemoing/initial-commit/commit/cd6fb3c8537d5b53be27b8da2b3ad80c71e7ec49)
#### Saturday 2020-10-03 23:49:24 by nlemoing

Reckoning with the Past

There comes a time in every project where you have to take a look at the
direction you set out when starting off and evaluate those initial goals
with wiser, wearier eyes. Reducing the scope is important because it
keeps the goals tangible, within reach. You almost always make some
concessions or changes in direction. Unfortunately for this project, my
initial goals will be the first thing you see. They're the first thing I
see, now that we can fetch the commits from GitHub.

I can't believe I said I was going to support rich text commit messages.

Linux has it right. Everything I see from them, from their mailing lists
to their README, is glorious, unformatted plain text. Focus on the
message, not the presentation.

Unfortunately for me, this is a quasi-creative-project as well as a
project-project, so presentation matters. I'm hoping the fact that these
are commit messages is a surprise when you first load the page. In order
to best deliver that surprise, there should be some element of disguise.
I need to make this look like something it's not, like a blog post. And
it's hard to make this look like a *convincing* blog post without doing
some kind of text formatting, or at the very least, putting paragraphs
in <p> tags. Which is what I'll start with.

I'm going to be loosely following the
[CommonMark](https://commonmark.org/) spec, but won't implement it all.
They do have a reference implementation that I could use, but I think it
might cool for you all to see that even a bad programmer can write a
parser. Also, I made a mistake in my original message when saying what
the rich text should look like, so maybe I'll have to go rogue and
create yet another Markdown flavour.

One of the original thoughts I had for this project was that it could be
used for coding walkthroughs or tutorials. A lot of the time, these are
written as blog posts anyways. With this project, you'll be able to see
the narrative via commit messages alongisde the actual code diffs, and
if all goes well, it'll even be formatted nicely. So this can double as
a trial for that thought and serve as a walkthrough for how to do all
these things from the ground up.

With that in mind, here's what I'm doing to start off. First, I'm going
through the messages line by line and building up an Abstract Syntax
Tree (AST) containing the structure of the document. Blank lines work to
separate the text into paragraphs; the comments have more info about how
these are handled. Later, we'll add in support for handling lists,
emphasis, and links. For now, our AST looks something like this:

- document
  - paragraph
    - line
    - line
  - paragraph
    - line

Once we have the AST, we can convert it to HTML by
going through it recursively and handling each node
type. For lines, we'll create text nodes; for
paragraphs, we'll create paragraph nodes, and for
the document, we'll use a document fragment with
the paragraphs as children. And that's it, for now!
Next up is tackling everything else.

---

# [<](2020-10-02.md) 2020-10-03 [>](2020-10-04.md)

