# [<](2020-05-20.md) 2020-05-21 [>](2020-05-22.md)

2,480,292 events, 1,239,024 push events, 1,988,195 commit messages, 133,323,110 characters


## [brian-comes-digipen/team-quaad-2d-platformer-repository](https://github.com/brian-comes-digipen/team-quaad-2d-platformer-repository)@[e33391937a...](https://github.com/brian-comes-digipen/team-quaad-2d-platformer-repository/commit/e33391937a42144f167d69634a8d245384f57ecb)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 00:58:11 by brian-comes-digipen

GOD DAMMIT I GOT IT NOW WE HAVE META FILES

FUCK YOU GIT

---
## [open-osrs/hosting](https://github.com/open-osrs/hosting)@[053287e532...](https://github.com/open-osrs/hosting/commit/053287e532785bcde6bbef292af730883475e979)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 01:44:49 by ThatGamerBlue

Now this is a story all about how My life got flipped turned upside down And I'd like to take a minute, just sit right there I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel-Air In West Philadelphia born and raised On the playground is where I spent most of my days Chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool And all shooting some b-ball outside of the school When a couple of guys who were up to no good Started making trouble in my neighborhood I got in one little fight and my mom got scared And said "You're moving with your auntie and uncle in Bel-Air" I begged and pleaded with her day after day But she packed my suitcase and sent me on my way She gave me a kiss and then she gave me my ticket I put my Walkman on and said "I might as well kick it" First class, yo, this is bad Drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass Is this what the people of Bel-Air living like? Hmm, this might be all right But wait, I hear they're prissy, bourgeois, and all that Is this the type of place that they should send this cool cat? I don't think so, I'll see when I get there I hope they're prepared for the Prince of Bel-Air Well, uh The plane landed and when I came out There was a dude, looked like a cop, standing there with my name out I ain't trying to get arrested yet, I just got here I sprang with the quickness like lightning, disappeared I whistled for a cab and when it came near The license plate said 'Fresh' and it had dice in the mirror If anything I could say that this cab was rare But I thought "Nah, forget it, yo, Holmes, to Bel-Air!" I pulled Up to a house about seven or eight And I yelled to the cabbie "Yo', Holmes, smell ya later" Looked at my kingdom, I was finally there To sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air

---
## [akhmadreiza/newsfeeder](https://github.com/akhmadreiza/newsfeeder)@[e79a933310...](https://github.com/akhmadreiza/newsfeeder/commit/e79a9333109346a5155ea7261fff53e9f4ee3b02)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 07:48:08 by Akhmad Reiza

change cronjob to just morning only

We realized that it is really annoying to get 4 email a day. it is sucks :')

---
## [KenHV/android_device_xiaomi_msm8953-common](https://github.com/KenHV/android_device_xiaomi_msm8953-common)@[cc163f0625...](https://github.com/KenHV/android_device_xiaomi_msm8953-common/commit/cc163f06253e3ec86ef04e3a7033a8dd9b1e3cd7)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 08:37:46 by KenHV

fuck you sim 2

Signed-off-by: KenHV <kenhv@null.net>

---
## [3xpl0it2c/blog](https://github.com/3xpl0it2c/blog)@[13243baac1...](https://github.com/3xpl0it2c/blog/commit/13243baac11f8545eb9d2b90ebe725f75f2cc6c3)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 09:12:16 by Linux User

Merge branch 'master' of https://github.com/3xpl0it2c/blog
This is my repo and I do what the fuck I want to do with it.
Besides, nobody gives a fuck about me and my shit code.
Fuck this.

---
## [Hold-Krykke/Security_and_FullstackJavascript_Exam](https://github.com/Hold-Krykke/Security_and_FullstackJavascript_Exam)@[5d1eff8196...](https://github.com/Hold-Krykke/Security_and_FullstackJavascript_Exam/commit/5d1eff8196f3b290802dd6533e3fcdf0554a22a4)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 13:41:32 by HrBjarup

Removed stupid piece of shit code, that I wrote while my brain was offline

---
## [ZilChaudhary/TV-HALFTIME-SHOWS-AND-THE-BIG-GAME](https://github.com/ZilChaudhary/TV-HALFTIME-SHOWS-AND-THE-BIG-GAME)@[d59bc7eb97...](https://github.com/ZilChaudhary/TV-HALFTIME-SHOWS-AND-THE-BIG-GAME/commit/d59bc7eb97616d3078ec8570c7bdccfca10b5bcb)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 15:29:51 by ZilChaudhary

Update README.md

Whether or not you like football, the Super Bowl is a spectacle. There's a little something for everyone at your Super Bowl party. Drama in the form of blowouts, comebacks, and controversy for the sports fan. There are the ridiculously expensive ads, some hilarious, others gut-wrenching, thought-provoking, and weird. The half-time shows with the biggest musicians in the world, sometimes riding giant mechanical tigers or leaping from the roof of the stadium. And in this project, we're going to find out how some of the elements of this show interact with each other. After exploring and cleaning our data a little, we're going to answer questions like:

What are the most extreme game outcomes?
How does the game affect television viewership?
How have viewership, TV ratings, and ad cost evolved over time?
Who are the most prolific musicians in terms of halftime show performances?

---
## [hrydgard/ppsspp](https://github.com/hrydgard/ppsspp)@[4effd15fcb...](https://github.com/hrydgard/ppsspp/commit/4effd15fcba76819dd0eff9e0377b756e0b61d4a)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 17:49:50 by Unknown W. Brackets

Support Grand Knight History's line-by-line xfer.

This is a bit hacky, but what it's doing at least makes sense enough to
heuristically detect.  Still trying to avoid misdetecting God of War.

---
## [facebook/facebook-android-sdk](https://github.com/facebook/facebook-android-sdk)@[7326e3d6e1...](https://github.com/facebook/facebook-android-sdk/commit/7326e3d6e1d343e579251594777713450b040232)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 18:43:00 by Andrey Putilin

Create fuzzy test for Android SDK setting fetch

Summary:
As SEV follow up, we want to make sure that wrong server-side data doesn't cause SDK initialization to break.

I'm introducing new test helper class that takes JSON string and tries to replace any key with random type. SDK should never break for all of this inputs.

Due to my lack of knowledge on Android testing or/and old testing frameworks, I had to come up with pretty awful code.
- Robolectric 3 explodes when JSON(or just Object) types are being passed. Migrating to Robolectric 4 is different big thing.
- JSON package is unmocked and not allowed to be called in preparation methods, forcing me to write yet another awful code. I'm truly sorry.

But in the end it works, it generates ~100 tests with different variations of input JSON.

Reviewed By: dreamolight

Differential Revision: D21560174

fbshipit-source-id: 7186047df4379772c6c7f9871310eddec8d738cb

---
## [chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod)@[e5bcbc7f1d...](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod/commit/e5bcbc7f1d23ec949085ba1cf315ec2e55aedc65)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 19:56:25 by Chaosvolt

Assorted fixes

* Added magazine pocket data to all relevant items, allowing them to be
loaded. I'll need to retest after
https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/pull/40399 is merged to
confirm that unloading will work afterward, but now at least it actually
loads and uses charges properly.
* Reworked several transforming items to account for the fact that you
can no longer change an item with ammo into an active item with null
ammotype.
* Hammers of the hunter now call their flashbang via spell, needed at
bare minimum to YASD-proof it slightly via retaining the needs_wielding
boolean. While I had to engage in some dirty hacks to work around the
fact that flashbang spells don't do anything to NPCs, this had the side
benefit of letting me ditch the never-actually-worked on-hit effect for
a more direct subspell, explicitly burning and further debuffing
SUNDEATH monsters.
* Veinreavers now have to use 3 charges of blood essence instead of just
one. The explosion has been buffed slightly and the timer shortened by
two turns, as a direct result of this change.
* Due to technical issues, I had to effectively choose between
ARTC_PORTAL and being able to load it with crystallized essence, because
artifact charging doesn't sanely translate into ammo that actually
exists. I decided, after soliciting feedback from various people, that
retaining ARTC_PORTAL was the more interesting option. As a minor side
effect it no longer has a cutting quality, and can store up to 10
charges.
* However, I added a less direct way to translate crystallized essence
into charges for the restored ritual blade. Slivers of reality, implied
to be relevant for backstory rituals like the Dragonblood Sacrament and
other non-standard summoning, its function is basically a disposable,
single-use portal generator. Since crafting it requires crystallized
essence to provide the raw power-spike needed, this can indirectly be
used to fuel the restored ritual blade that way. Lore-wise however,
doing that is something He From Beyond The Veil would frown upon, and if
ter-transform could cite traps I'd make it a spell item in order to add
some more interesting side effects.

---
## [VitaRox/Android-Dev](https://github.com/VitaRox/Android-Dev)@[d18ce415a4...](https://github.com/VitaRox/Android-Dev/commit/d18ce415a451143b3739d8ef774d4c3aa75e1871)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 20:53:57 by Vita

- Adds changes which get up to speed to about the 34:00 mark on Week 5 video;
- Places components which once lay in activity_main.xml into the Fragment we've created, into fragment_location_entry.xml;
- Remember to be gentle on yourself; this isn't easy stuff to learn and even some of the greats probably struggled from time to time to figure out just WHAT silly little
	thing was making things not work, or not work properly.  Be nice to yourself: speak kindly, be patient, eat regularly, stay hydrated, and take a fucking break if that	      is what you need to make your brain not hurt.

---
## [Tename/BoH-Bay](https://github.com/Tename/BoH-Bay)@[ce8ad5c713...](https://github.com/Tename/BoH-Bay/commit/ce8ad5c713cd4fa35ad5611cae90eb50fa8196db)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 22:45:55 by Tename

dear whoever put icons in the map folder, go fuck yourself

---
## [ekawaler/pyQUILTS](https://github.com/ekawaler/pyQUILTS)@[c10cd57ae5...](https://github.com/ekawaler/pyQUILTS/commit/c10cd57ae5fcc76b9a5fd3a5fc4c979c151bdab9)
#### Thursday 2020-05-21 23:10:59 by ekawaler

Alternate stop codons

Stop codons can sometimes actually translate to one of five amino acids
(EOQUW). To deal with this in SAAVs, we now replace the amino acid
directly in the protein rather than retranslating (or throwing it away
for being a mismatch between genome and proteome).  (This can’t be
avoided in other variant types, unfortunately.) Next step: when we
actually do replace a stop codon, need to add in some extra sequence
after the old stop sign, since we’re just using the old protein and
don’t have that automatic continuance.

Sidenote to self: Screwed up committing this at first and then had to
revert it which caused a whole bunch of uncommitted files I had sitting
around in that file to go missing. I probably don’t need them anyway
but if I’m looking for them check at the previous commit ha ha I love
git

---

# [<](2020-05-20.md) 2020-05-21 [>](2020-05-22.md)

