# [<](2020-07-03.md) 2020-07-04 [>](2020-07-05.md)

1,492,433 events, 823,857 push events, 1,188,162 commit messages, 71,351,632 characters


## [emarcey/pb2020-analysis](https://github.com/emarcey/pb2020-analysis)@[cc7d88d3c9...](https://github.com/emarcey/pb2020-analysis/commit/cc7d88d3c9dd8e49dc51d2c93f25612e9265ca24)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 02:27:22 by Evan Marcey

ad;kfhjads;fkjsdflkajsdfl yeah fuck you I don't feel like writing real commits

---
## [AmiCole/pvea](https://github.com/AmiCole/pvea)@[7f978d667c...](https://github.com/AmiCole/pvea/commit/7f978d667c3ac7bcc1833c008efc9d9b65394626)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 04:21:10 by Ami Cole

I've rewritten this five hundred fucking times why doesn't axios let me set a cookie in the headers fuck you

---
## [PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod)@[4003238454...](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod/commit/4003238454507191acca0bffbff2cee76d2205c2)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 06:46:45 by PhoenixBladez

fixes v6(?)

- Rebalanced Brine Barrage
- Rebalanced R'lyeh Tome
- Rebalanced the Coconut Gun
- Deleted the Baby Clamper, Strange Kelp, Oasis Blade, Tropic and Cnidarian Staff
- Renamed relevant kakamora
- Fixed bloomshroom projectiles being killed by 0 damage projectiles
- Readded Canvases and made the spirit-specific paintings (minus the wheezer one, which is a guaranteed quest reward) involve it in the recipe
- Deleted Sliding Ice (sorry Gray, I felt pretty strongly about this)
- Increased the Mana Regen of the Titanbound bulwark
- Fixed Statue of the Old Gods not having a mapname
- Increased Bubble Blaster mana usage (10 -> 15)
- Fixed noxious targe not giving def
- Deleted Gnarled Key
- Ice berries are now a winterborn quest reward
- Deleted tumblesoul
- Fixed tooltip/effect inconsistencies in medusa line, frigid wraps
- Incorporated most of Santer's evil enemy fixes
- Reduced night blindness in the reach
- Smoothened Glade Wraith entrance a bit
- In response to the bug about quest scroll abuse, the Adventurer now only gives out one quest scroll of a certain kind a time
- Deleted the remaining 5 items related to the Illuminant Master (Vanity set, Mask and Trophy)
- Deleted the Briar Heart
- Gloop and Stardancer drop relevant items
- Fixed Vinewrath Trophy placement

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[085c1723cc...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/085c1723cc1fb91bbc8a8c6ff822452825e9c7db)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 08:49:21 by Marko Grdinić

"9:15am. I am definitely enjoying that Unholy Realms + Pandemonia playthrough quite a lot.

9:45am. Let me finish reading the latest Beware the Villainess chap and then I will start. Even though I am not that groggy this morning and have slept really well, somehow that just leads to more laziness. Usually, when I am stressed I do not feel like wasting so much time.

9:50am. Now it is time to focus and get something done. What is should come first? Let me quote myself.

> It is just too much trouble to deal with testing, optimizing offsets, putting errors into a dictionary.

Right. Let me start with testing.

9:55am. I need to relax my mind and just let it come to me as usual. You can only go into the zone after working on it for a while. At the beginning you usually do not feel like it.

10am. Yeah, I need to test. The F# side seems fine. What about the plugin side?

...I think it should be fine. I forgot what I was doing yesterday by this point. Let me just have courage and I will run this.

```ts
    const errorsSet = (doc: TextDocument) => (x: [string, RangeRec | null][]) => {
        const diag: Diagnostic[] = []
        x.forEach(([error, range]) => {
            if (range) {
                diag.push(new Diagnostic(
                    new Range(range[0].line, range[0].character, range[1].line, range[1].character),
                    error, DiagnosticSeverity.Error))
            } else {
                window.showErrorMessage(error)
            }
        })
        errors.set(doc.uri, diag)
    }
```

It is telling me that there is an undefined error here.

What is going on?

Strange that the very first thing is failing.

10:10am.

```ts
    const onDocChange = (x: TextDocumentChangeEvent) => {
        onDocOpen(x.document)
        // switch (path.extname(x.document.uri.path)) {
        //     case ".spiproj": return spiprojOpen(x.document)
        //     case ".spi": return spiChange(x.document,x.contentChanges)
        //     default: return
        // }
    }
```

The error does not seem to actually be in change. I probably did something to cause a serialization error and JS in its shittiness is swallowing it.

This is what I am always so careful, but right now I forgotten what I've done yesterday. I need to take it from the top.

...Looking at the printouts it does seem like line deltas are broken.

```fs
let tr_vscode_toks line_delta (lines : TokenResult seq) =
    let toks = ResizeArray()
    lines |> Seq.fold (fun line_delta (tok,_) ->
        tok |> Array.fold (fun (line_delta,from_prev) (r,x) ->
            toks.AddRange [|line_delta; r.from-from_prev; r.nearTo-r.from; token_groups x; 0|]
            0, r.from
            ) (line_delta, 0)
        |> fst
        ) line_delta
    |> ignore

    toks.ToArray()
```

Let me go over this again.

Ah, right. I am nowhere incrementing the line_delta.

`|> fst |> ((+) 1)`

Let me change that line into this.

```ts
const x : [number [], [string, RangeRec][]] = await spiChangeReq(doc.uri.fsPath, edits)
```

Ah, right I remember now. I haven't really fully implemented the changes just yet. I need to also take care of the removals.

10:25am. Focus me, focus.

```fs
            changes |> Array.map (fun edit ->
                let offset =
                    let rec loop i = if i < 0 then 0 else (fst lines_token.[i]).Length + loop (i - 1)
                    loop (edit.from - 1)

                let length =
                    let rec loop i = if i < edit.nearTo then (fst lines_token.[i]).Length + loop (i + 1) else 0
                    loop edit.from

                lines_token.RemoveRange(edit.from,edit.nearTo-edit.from)
                let changed_lines = ResizeArray()
                Array.iter (tokenize >> changed_lines.Add) edit.lines
                lines_token.InsertRange(edit.from,changed_lines)

                let line_delta =
                    let rec loop i = if i = 0 || 0 < (fst lines_token.[i]).Length then i else loop (i-1)
                    if edit.from = 0 then 0 else edit.from - loop (edit.from-1)

                let rec add_one i =
                    if i < lines_token.Count then
                        let tok,er = lines_token.[i]
                        if 0 < tok.Length then changed_lines.Add([|tok.[0]|],er); 1 else changed_lines.Add([||],er); add_one (i+1)
                    else 0
                let length = length + add_one (edit.from+edit.lines.Length)

                (offset*5, length*5, tr_vscode_toks line_delta changed_lines), tr_vscode_ers 0 lines_token
```

For a bit I thought I forgot to change the delta for `add_one`. It is fine. I think this should work.

Let me give it a try.

```ts
const x : [number, number, number [], [string, RangeRec][]] = await spiChangeReq(doc.uri.fsPath, edits)
```

Let me change this line. And I will make these the edits.

```fs
            |> Array.unzip
            |> fun (a,b) -> a, Array.concat b
            |> Ch.give change.res
```

I am not even passing it in the correct form.

```ts
const x : [[number, number, number []][], [string, RangeRec][]] = await spiChangeReq(doc.uri.fsPath, edits)
```

This is how it should go. Now...

```ts
tokens.set(doc.uri.fsPath,{edits: new SemanticTokensEdits(x[0].map(x => new SemanticTokensEdit(x[0],x[1],new Uint32Array(x[2]))) ,"")})
```

This should go like this.

Hmmm, now if there are no bugs, this should work. The F# side of this is a huge mess though. I really am going to have to do some big cleaning up.

```ts
    const onDocChange = (x: TextDocumentChangeEvent) => {
        onDocOpen(x.document)
        // switch (path.extname(x.document.uri.path)) {
        //     case ".spiproj": return spiprojOpen(x.document)
        //     case ".spi": return spiChange(x.document,x.contentChanges)
        //     default: return
        // }
    }
```

Almost got happy too soon.

Let me uncomment this stuff.

10:40am. Yeah, it works. Wonderful.

I did not need much debugging for this.

10:50am. Stop reading /g/. What is next?

Let me commit here since it all works at this moment and the redesign will break everything again."

---
## [nblockchain/geewallet](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet)@[49c562061d...](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet/commit/49c562061d656877ba6bac5aac7d1e04ee201ad9)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 09:32:47 by Andres G. Aragoneses

gitLabCI: remove stockoldmono_* lanes

They are failing now with some weird decryption error. Don't ask me
why the fuck this happens, but we have moved on in the master branch
from Ubuntu18.04 so I don't want to look into fixing this now.

This might mean that actually the stable branch cannot be used
anymore with older Mono versions (i.e. 4.x) but I don't fucking care.
Too much time wasted on this shit.

---
## [butmun/IPH-Urban-Warfare](https://github.com/butmun/IPH-Urban-Warfare)@[4bd787c266...](https://github.com/butmun/IPH-Urban-Warfare/commit/4bd787c266e443efdab3af0557953dabcda90045)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 12:48:46 by RomanZC

I seriously debated to write this reply because there is an opinion to instantly deny this that is quite valid. Your note history means that in my opinion you should not get on the team at this time.  I say at this time. And know that my post will upset some people. The reason I say at this time is because I do think people grow up and change. There are people who were at thin ice in cm and that did change.  Post Scriptum: The more I look at staff stuff the less I like. The path you have taken/are taking might have ruled you out from being a cm dev forever.  I also say it because I am trying to do my best to be constructive. And to tell you what it takes for me at least before you app will be considered.  I want to avoid posting in public what action is taken against players. So hypotheticly if you have any bans appeal them. Hypotheticly if you get a lot of notes avoid doing so for a bit. I cannot say how much time is enough time. But hypotheticly posting an app within a week of getting a new note is certainly not a good idea. Keep in mind that trying to game this goes against any good faith your attempt to do this generates.  I also want to state that this is my personal opinion. I have not had administrative dealings with you in the past. And that we do take into account the opinion of the rest of staff and community if needed.  Edit: Since I have seen the chat about this and there is 0 chance of this being accepted at this time I am not going to wait for someone to come in and yell denied. At this time it wont happen. If you improve I hope I might have to debate an app one day where you are a long time without notes and issues. And once that happens I am perfectly willing to take the app seriously. 

I seriously debated to write this reply because there is an opinion to instantly deny this that is quite valid.
Your note history means that in my opinion you should not get on the team at this time.

I say at this time. And know that my post will upset some people.
The reason I say at this time is because I do think people grow up and change.
There are people who were at thin ice in cm and that did change.

Post Scriptum:
The more I look at staff stuff the less I like.
The path you have taken/are taking might have ruled you out from being a cm dev forever.

I also say it because I am trying to do my best to be constructive.
And to tell you what it takes for me at least before you app will be considered.

I want to avoid posting in public what action is taken against players.
So hypotheticly if you have any bans appeal them.
Hypotheticly if you get a lot of notes avoid doing so for a bit.
I cannot say how much time is enough time.
But hypotheticly posting an app within a week of getting a new note is certainly not a good idea.
Keep in mind that trying to game this goes against any good faith your attempt to do this generates.

I also want to state that this is my personal opinion.
I have not had administrative dealings with you in the past.
And that we do take into account the opinion of the rest of staff and community if needed.

Edit: Since I have seen the chat about this and there is 0 chance of this being accepted at this time I am not going to wait for someone to come in and yell denied.
At this time it wont happen. If you improve I hope I might have to debate an app one day where you are a long time without notes and issues. And once that happens I am perfectly willing to take the app seriously.

---
## [jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi)@[01c03794b8...](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi/commit/01c03794b8fa953c74ed6c2bcbe23118609ddfea)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 13:34:27 by Hans de Goede

ACPI / LPSS: Save Cherry Trail PWM ctx registers only once (at activation)

The DSDTs on most Cherry Trail devices have an ugly clutch where the PWM
controller gets turned off from the _PS3 method of the graphics-card dev:

            Method (_PS3, 0, Serialized)  // _PS3: Power State 3
            {
                ...
                            PWMB = PWMC /* \_SB_.PCI0.GFX0.PWMC */
                            PSAT |= 0x03
                            Local0 = PSAT /* \_SB_.PCI0.GFX0.PSAT */
                ...
            }

Where PSAT is the power-status register of the PWM controller.

Since the i915 driver will do a pwm_get on the pwm device as it uses it to
control the LCD panel backlight, there is a device-link marking the i915
device as a consumer of the pwm device. So that the PWM controller will
always be suspended after the i915 driver suspends (which is the right
thing to do). This causes the above GFX0 PS3 AML code to run before
acpi_lpss.c calls acpi_lpss_save_ctx().

So on these devices the PWM controller will already be off when
acpi_lpss_save_ctx() runs. This causes it to read/save all 1-s (0xffffffff)
as ctx register values.

When these bogus values get restored on resume the PWM controller actually
keeps working, since most bits are reserved, but this does set bit 3 of
the LPSS General purpose register, which for the PWM controller has the
following function: "This bit is re-used to support 32kHz slow mode.
Default is 19.2MHz as PWM source clock".

This causes the clock of the PWM controller to switch from 19.2MHz to
32KHz, which is a slow-down of a factor 600. Surprisingly enough so far
there have been few bug reports about this. This is likely because the
i915 driver was hardcoding the PWM frequency to 46 KHz, which divided
by 600 would result in a PWM frequency of approx. 78 Hz, which mostly
still works fine. There are some bug reports about the LCD backlight
flickering after suspend/resume which are likely caused by this issue.

But with the upcoming patch-series to finally switch the i915 drivers
code for external PWM controllers to use the atomic API and to honor
the PWM frequency specified in the video BIOS (VBT), this becomes a much
bigger problem. On most cases the VBT specifies either 200 Hz or 20
KHz as PWM frequency, which with the mentioned issue ends up being either
1/3 Hz, where the backlight actually visible blinks on and off every 3s,
or in 33 Hz and horrible flickering of the backlight.

There are a number of possible solutions to this problem:

1. Make acpi_lpss_save_ctx() run before GFX0._PS3
 Pro: Clean solution from pov of not medling with save/restore ctx code
 Con: As mentioned the current ordering is the right thing to do
 Con: Requires assymmetry in at what suspend/resume phase we do the save vs
      restore, requiring more suspend/resume ordering hacks in already
      convoluted acpi_lpss.c suspend/resume code.
2. Do some sort of save once mode for the LPSS ctx
 Pro: Reasonably clean
 Con: Needs a new LPSS flag + code changes to handle the flag
3. Detect we have failed to save the ctx registers and do not restore them
 Pro: Not PWM specific, might help with issues on other LPSS devices too
 Con: If we can get away with not restoring the ctx why bother with it at
      all?
4. Do not save the ctx for CHT PWM controllers
 Pro: Clean, as simple as dropping a flag?
 Con: Not so simple as dropping a flag, needs a new flag to ensure that
      we still do lpss_deassert_reset() on device activation.
5. Make the pwm-lpss code fixup the LPSS-context registers
 Pro: Keeps acpi_lpss.c code clean
 Con: Moves knowledge of LPSS-context into the pwm-lpss.c code

1 and 5 both do not seem to be a desirable way forward.

3 and 4 seem ok, but they both assume that restoring the LPSS-context
registers is not necessary. I have done a couple of test and those do
show that restoring the LPSS-context indeed does not seem to be necessary
on devices using s2idle suspend (and successfully reaching S0i3). But I
have no hardware to test deep / S3 suspend. So I'm not sure that not
restoring the context is safe.

That leaves solution 2, which is about as simple / clean as 3 and 4,
so this commit fixes the described problem by implementing a new
LPSS_SAVE_CTX_ONCE flag and setting that for the CHT PWM controllers.

Acked-by: Rafael J. Wysocki <rafael.j.wysocki@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Hans de Goede <hdegoede@redhat.com>
---
Changes in v2:
- Move #define LPSS_SAVE_CTX_ONCE define to group it with LPSS_SAVE_CTX

---
## [Lucky4Luuk/xengine_project](https://github.com/Lucky4Luuk/xengine_project)@[d4e103ba5e...](https://github.com/Lucky4Luuk/xengine_project/commit/d4e103ba5e8dbd35fe8a3f1dc3a18f2bae38f2c7)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 15:34:46 by Luuk van Oijen

cleanup because fuck you, also working on exporting editor as dll

---
## [JacynoAdam/JacynoPOS](https://github.com/JacynoAdam/JacynoPOS)@[5f35f53f4f...](https://github.com/JacynoAdam/JacynoPOS/commit/5f35f53f4fa36549a00661d7904ddfa4ff4d19f3)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 21:07:57 by Adam Jacyno

feat: made orders change color depending on their items

I hate my life, this feature took much longer than it should have

---
## [9ary/dotfiles](https://github.com/9ary/dotfiles)@[9f794e65e9...](https://github.com/9ary/dotfiles/commit/9f794e65e967aab2011f872a49f4930f39c2f6f9)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 22:16:52 by Dan Elkouby

I hate telegram and it's midnight so no nice commit message

fuck you durov

---
## [Yintii/job-listings](https://github.com/Yintii/job-listings)@[51b5bc3dc0...](https://github.com/Yintii/job-listings/commit/51b5bc3dc004b798298e9a775fa0e67577bde33c)
#### Saturday 2020-07-04 23:52:35 by yintii

trying to get this piece of shit to work but it's beyond me as to why the fuck the god damn fucking thing doesn't want to do the conditional rendering right but Im going restart later

---

# [<](2020-07-03.md) 2020-07-04 [>](2020-07-05.md)

