# [<](2020-02-17.md) 2020-02-18 [>](2020-02-19.md)

2,251,271 events, 1,148,874 push events, 1,826,126 commit messages, 131,516,635 characters


## [jlfarris91/TheLastStand](https://github.com/jlfarris91/TheLastStand)@[34a200403b...](https://github.com/jlfarris91/TheLastStand/commit/34a200403ba3106676e22b0aa996ab2b2c4295c3)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 01:23:08 by James Farris

Fog of war is disabled during the day and enabled during the night (thanks to Michael for the suggestion)
Added placeholder skills for Medic, Spearman and Militia
Added Militia unit and Rusty Sword job item, but its not working atm
Disabled Portable Gate item
Job items are now in the rare item set
Reduced Camp path size from 8x8 to 6x6 (thanks to Michael and David for the suggestion)
Changed Medic model from old, broken, custom medic model to apprentice wizard model
Changed Survivor Male model from old, custom villager male model to villager male model
Renabled skill board selection mechanic - although I'm not happy with it
Skills board greys-out rows for skills that are disabled

---
## [Wilkstick/Project-Rime](https://github.com/Wilkstick/Project-Rime)@[7ab59e2f03...](https://github.com/Wilkstick/Project-Rime/commit/7ab59e2f031dcd257c604dde13aab2f77aaded34)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 08:05:58 by Wilkstick

Wilk 12/19 (#66)

* lolok

Lot of shit.

* Large Amount of Changes

Rime Core:

Added 'gag' option to custom send function.

Rime Alias:

For the 0495023947124719237th time I have added queueing to the Hammer Throw alias.

Turned Mjoll's unblock alias into just ub/unblock and jacked the directional alias for another work in progress project. Should work the same, mostly.

Added pause/unpause alias.

Rime Attack Library:

Added slightly annoying echo about things not added to the library yet.

Fixed Tarot Moon function. (Was missing check on applying aff.)

Added a lot here. More needs to be done still. Most of the original tracking in Rime has been added. Please report any bugs.

Added even more.

Added a fuckton more.

Rime Curing:

Fixed pipe queueing with Aeon specifics.

Fixed salve queueing with Aeon specifics.

Fixed Sentinel parrying shifting when it should be static head.

Adjusted Ascendril parrying to hard swap to torso when you have Hypothermia.

Added hard switch to Sensitivity when you're impaled.

Fixed focusing vs. Wayfarer when you have the Muddled affliction.

Adjusted Sciomancer curing priorities /a lot/. Should survive a lot longer now.

Swapped static priority of pre-restore and limb curing in general on most classes. No reason to be curing torso damage when both legs are broken. o.O

Removed 'guessing' for hidden afflictions. Fixed tree and renew not being spammed when you have hidden afflictions. Careful, they spam a lot more now.

Started adding support for hidden recklessness detection.

Fixed up howl detection. Let me know if this wigs out when you're fighting shifters.

Rime PvP Core:

Added "locked" special condition to rime.pvp.has_aff() function.

Added a "You" or "you" escape in rime.pvp.add_aff() function. Why didn't I do this to start with??? Removes the need for script escapes in specific triggers/functions.

Rime PvE:

Started work on auto corpse turn in while bashing mobs that have a turn in quest.

Completely most of the above addition. Corpse turn in added for Three Rock, Ayhesa, and Caldera.

If this breaks somewhere let me know. I'm going to throw Maz's map into the discord, too, so hopefully it quits breaking for everyone.

Misc:

There are a bunch of half started/half finished projects going on including some shrinesight stuff and some faux farming triggers. They may or may not become more than what they currently are, they may exist in limbo for forever. If you have any issues involving them then feel free to delete the triggers entirely. There's also a credit buying trigger you need to check and make sure is turned off unless you want to start buying credits every time someone says there are cheaper credits on market channel.

Co-authored-by: Angel <bin.baal@gmail.com>

---
## [MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2)@[69c3148b59...](https://github.com/MagnumMacKivler/RLCPT2/commit/69c3148b59a40735b4425008612a9e1ce6fc24b2)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 09:28:06 by Monkatraz

Updated RATTLECAN 2 to V0.11.0 "War Bonnet"

# Changelog for Beta V0.11.0 "War Bonnet"
# Fixed wiki link because 1. Github auto renamed it and 2. I'm stupid sorry about
# Experimentally added section mirroring (May have introduced a lot of bugs!)
# Added a safety to the task system that may or may not prevent some script errors
# Setting a running number now actually refreshes it
# Probably fixed the last of the clip preview bugs
# Slowed down the editor clock rate because it didn't need to be that fast
# Fixed green editor holo position when you had an offset
# Fixed putting spaces in places where it expected commas causing malformed objects (I think)

---
## [OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2](https://github.com/OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2)@[a8b5304786...](https://github.com/OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2/commit/a8b5304786abb546ddb7a082a3ba27dc4284be70)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 11:35:30 by Ted John

Remove exe / com wrapper around openrct2.dll for Windows (#10727)

We get repeated reports of people saying the game is incorrectly reported as a virus. It is becoming more inconvenient for players and even myself, because when we attempt to download a build, it is immediately deleted by scanners (including the default for Windows: Windows Defender).

One scanner is not too much of an issue, but the game is flagged by almost half of available scanners as reported by VirusTotal.

So why is it being flagged?

Windows has a very annoying concept, the subsystem for a binary. The console subsystem allows stdin / stdout as you would expect, just like posix. Unfortunately if a user runs a console subsystem binary from the desktop or explorer, the game will be opened under conhost and thus you get a console showing alongside the game window. This is not a good user experience for most players. To resolve this, you can use the windows subsystem, but this will detach stdin and stdout immediately on launch. There are hacks that can be done in code to allocate a new console but I found this to not work very well with stdin or other terminal emulators.

My solution to the problem was to have two binaries: openrct2.exe and openrct2.com. Both are executable but openrct2.exe is windows subsystem, openrct2.com is console subsystem. The desktop shortcut opens openrct2.exe with no console window showing. Typing openrct2 on the command line will execute openrct2.com (as .com has higher PATH precedence than .exe by default) with working stdin and stdout. In order to reduce the size, I have the entire game inside openrct2.dll and then supply two tiny wrapper EXEs that simply route main(...) into the DLL.

These wrapper EXEs are the problem, they are very small and do nothing but call into a DLL, this must match virus signatures too closely and their size probably reduces the data available for the scanner to analyse.

So as I can not find any other way of achieving my goal of a cli and gui version of OpenRCT2, this changes the build to publish openrct2 as a single executable (rather than a DLL + wrapper EXE), and then duplicate the entire ~10MB exe again and flip the subsystem flag. The installer and zip size won't be affected as this extra size will be completely compressed out, but when unpacked will lead to an extra ~10MB on disc. But I think it is a fair compromise.

VirusTotal now reports all artefacts as safe, for now anyway.

---
## [ValeroMateo/pokexamen](https://github.com/ValeroMateo/pokexamen)@[8319b2b024...](https://github.com/ValeroMateo/pokexamen/commit/8319b2b02454a0889408ba432750ebedff0bb3f4)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 11:55:01 by ValeroMateo

Catching random wild pokemon FINALLY working. Keeps disappearing, I hate myself

---
## [marblelover003/Visimusic](https://github.com/marblelover003/Visimusic)@[5ca26eb2cb...](https://github.com/marblelover003/Visimusic/commit/5ca26eb2cb71f45f258cb6d9db9ce79ab4f0f5fc)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 13:53:24 by Scott Carroll

We all live in the devil's den...

That's right! "The Devil's Den" by Skrillex & Wolfgang Gartner has been added to the mix! You'll love it for sure!

---
## [digital-asset/daml](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml)@[aec18f888d...](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/commit/aec18f888dbcb5fa5d318d2fbfc2d9e481dec2ed)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 16:58:00 by Gary Verhaegen

introduce new release process

Context
=======

After multiple discussions about our current release schedule and
process, we've come to the conclusion that we need to be able to make a
distinction between technical snapshots and marketing releases. In other
words, we need to be able to create a bundle for early adopters to test
without making it an officially-supported version, and without
necessarily implying everyone should go through the trouble of
upgrading. The underlying goal is to have less frequent but more stable
"official" releases.

This PR is a proposal for a new release process designed under the
following constraints:

- Reuse as much as possible of the existing infrastructure, to minimize
  effort but also chances of disruptions.
- Have the ability to create "snapshot"/"nightly"/... releases that are
  not meant for general public consumption, but can still be used by savvy
  users without jumping through too many extra hoops (ideally just
  swapping in a slightly-weirder version string).
- Have the ability to promote an existing snapshot release to "official"
  release status, with as few changes as possible in-between, so we can be
  confident that the official release is what we tested as a prerelease.
- Have as much of the release pipeline shared between the two types of
  releases, to avoid discovering non-transient problems while trying to
  promote a snapshot to an official release.
- Triggerring a release should still be done through a PR, so we can
  keep the same approval process for SOC2 auditability.

The gist of this proposal is to replace the current `VERSION` file with
a `LATEST` file, which would have the following format:

```
ef5d32b7438e481de0235c5538aedab419682388 0.13.53-alpha.20200214.3025.ef5d32b7
```

This file would be maintained with a script to reduce manual labor in
producing the version string. Other than that, the process will be
largely the same, with releases triggered by changes to this `LATEST`
and the release notes files.

Version numbers
===============

Because one of the goals is to reduce the velocity of our published
version numbers, we need a different version scheme for our snapshot
releases. Fortunately, most version schemes have some support for that;
unfortunately, the SDK sits at the intersection of three different
version schemes that have made incompatible choices. Without going into
too much detail:

- Semantic versioning (which we chose as the version format for the SDK
  version number) allows for "prerelease" version numbers as well as
  "metadata"; an example of a complete version string would be
  `1.2.3-nightly.201+server12.43`. The "main" part of the version string
  always has to have 3 numbers separated by dots; the "prerelease"
  (after the `-` but before the `+`) and the "metadata" (after the `+`)
  parts are optional and, if present, must consist of one or more segments
  separated by dots, where a segment can be either a number or an
  alphanumeric string. In terms of oredering, metadata is irrelevant and
  any version with a prerelease string is before the corresponding "main"
  version string alone. Amongst prereleases, segments are compared in
  order with purely numeric ones compared as numbers and mixed ones
  compared lexicographically. So 1.2.3 is more recent than 1.2.3-1,
  which is itself less recent than 1.2.3-2.
- Maven version strings are any number of segments separated by a `.`, a
  `-`, or a transition between a number and a letter. Version strings
  are compared element-wise, with numeric segments being compared as
  numbers. Alphabetic segments are treated specially if they happen to be
  one of a handful of magic words (such as "alpha", "beta" or "snapshot"
  for example) which count as "qualifiers"; a version string with a
  qualifier is "before" its prefix (`1.2.3` is before `1.2.3-alpha.3`,
  which is the same as `1.2.3-alpha3` or `1.2.3-alpha-3`), and there is a
  special ordering amongst qualifiers. Other alphabetic segments are
  compared alphabetically and count as being "after" their prefix
  (`1.2.3-really-final-this-time` counts as being released after `1.2.3`).
- GHC package numbers are comprised of any number of numeric segments
  separated by `.`, plus an optional (though deprecated) alphanumeric
  "version tag" separated by a `-`. I could not find any official
  documentation on ordering for the version tag; numeric segments are
  compared as numbers.
- npm uses semantic versioning so that is covered already.

After much more investigation than I'd care to admit, I have come up
with the following compromise as the least-bad solution. First,
obviously, the version string for stable/marketing versions is going to
be "standard" semver, i.e. major.minor.patch, all numbers, which works,
and sorts as expected, for all three schemes. For snapshot releases, we
shall use the following (semver) format:

```
0.13.53-alpha.20200214.3025.ef5d32b7
```

where the components are, respectively:

- `0.13.53`: the expected version string of the next "stable" release.
- `alpha`: a marker that hopefully scares people enough.
- `20200214`: the date of the release commit, which _MUST_ be on
  master.
- `3025`: the number of commits in master up to the release commit
  (included). Because we have a linear, append-only master branch, this
  uniquely identifies the commit.
- `ef5d32b7ù : the first 8 characters of the release commit sha. This is
  not strictly speaking necessary, but makes it a lot more convenient to
  identify the commit.

The main downsides of this format are:

1. It is not a valid format for GHC packages. We do not publish GHC
  packages from the SDK (so far we have instead opted to release our
  Haskell code as separate packages entirely), so this should not be an
  issue. However, our SDK version currently leaks to `ghc-pkg` as the
  version string for the stdlib (and prim) packages. This PR addresses
  that by tweaking the compiler to remove the offending bits, so `ghc-pkg`
  would see the above version number as `0.13.53.20200214.3025`, which
  should be enough to uniquely identify it. Note that, as far as I could
  find out, this number would never be exposed to users.
2. It is rather long, which I think is good from a human perspective as
  it makes it more scary. However, I have been told that this may be
  long enough to cause issues on Windows by pushing us past the max path
  size limitation of that "OS". I suggest we try it and see what
  happens.

The upsides are:

- It clearly indicates it is an unstable release (`alpha`).
- It clearly indicates how old it is, by including the date.
- To humans, it is immediately obvious which version is "later" even if
  they have the same date, allowing us to release same-day patches if
  needed. (Note: that is, commits that were made on the same day; the
  release date itself is irrelevant here.)
- It contains the git sha so the commit built for that release is
  immediately obvious.
- It sorts correctly under all schemes (modulo the modification for
  GHC).

Alternatives I considered:

- Pander to GHC: 0.13.53-alpha-20200214-3025-ef5d32b7. This format would
  be accepted by all schemes, but will not sort as expected under semantic
  versioning (though Maven will be fine). I have no idea how it will sort
  under GHC.
- Not having any non-numeric component, e.g. `0.13.53.20200214.3025`.
  This is not valid semantic versioning and is therefore rejected by
  npm.
- Not having detailed info: just go with `0.13.53-snapshot`. This is
  what is generally done in the Java world, but we then lose track of what
  version is actually in use and I'm concerned about bug reports. This
  would also not let us publish to the main Maven repo (at least not more
  than once), as artifacts there are supposed to be immutable.
- No having a qualifier: `0.13.53-3025` would be acceptable to all three
  version formats. However, it would not clearly indicate to humans that
  it is not meant as a stable version, and would sort differently under
  semantic versioning (which counts it as a prerelease, i.e. before
  `0.13.53`) than under maven (which counts it as a patch, so after
  `0.13.53`).
- Just counting releases: `0.13.53-alpha.1`, where we just count the
  number of prereleases in-between `0.13.52` and the next. This is
  currently the fallback plan if Windows path length causes issues. It
  would be less convenient to map releases to commits, but it could still
  be done via querying the history of the `LATEST` file.

Release notes
=============

Release notes are a bit tricky. Because we want the ability to make
snapshot releases, then later on promote them to stable releases, it
follows that we want to build commits from the past. However, if we
decide post-hoc that a commit is actually a good candidate for a
release, there is no way that commit can have the appropriate release
notes: it cannot know what version number it's getting, and, moreover,
we now track changes in commit messages. And I do not think anyone wants
to go back to the release notes file being a merge bottleneck.

But release notes need to be published to the releases blog upon
releasing a stable version, and the docs website needs to be updated and
include them.

The only sensible solution here is to pick up the release notes as of
the commit that triggers the release. As the docs cron runs
asynchronously, this means walking down the git history to find the
relevant commit.

> Note: We could probably do away with the asynchronicity at this point.
> It was originally included to cover for the possibility of a release
> failing. If we are releasing commits from the past after they have been
> tested, this should not be an issue anymore. If the docs generation were
> part of the synchronous release step, it would have direct access to the
> correct release notes without having to walk down the git history.
>
> However, I think it is more prudent to keep this change as a future step,
> after we're confident the new release scheme does indeed produce much more
> reliable "stable" releases.

New release process
===================

Just like releases are currently controlled mostly by detecting
changes to the `VERSION` file, the new process will be controlled by
detecting changes to the `LATEST` file. The format of that file will
include both the version string and the corresponding SHA.

Upon detecting a change to the `LATEST` file, CI will run the entire
release process, just like it does now with the VERSION file. The main
differences are:

1. Before running the release step, CI will checkout the commit
  specified in the LATEST file. This requires separating the release
  step from the build step, which in my opinion is cleaner anyway.
2. The `//:VERSION` Bazel target is replaced by a repository rule
  that gets the version to build from an environment variable, with a
  default of `0.0.0` to remain consistent with the current `daml-head`
  behaviour.

Some of the manual steps will need to be skipped for a snapshot release.
See amended `release/RELEASE.md` in this commit for details.

The main caveat of this approach is that the official release will be a
different binary from the corresponding snapshot. It will have been
built from the same source, but with a different version string. This is
somewhat mitigated by Bazel caching, meaning any build step that does
not depend on the version string should use the cache and produce
identical results. I do not think this can be avoided when our artifact
includes its own version number.

I must note, though, that while going through the changes required after
removing the `VERSION` file, I have been quite surprised at the sheer number of
things that actually depend on the SDK version number. I believe we should
look into reducing that over time.

CHANGELOG_BEGIN
CHANGELOG_END

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[eee0071b30...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/eee0071b30cd0ae3fe2580d98cc7402948c8951d)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 17:31:55 by Marko Grdinić

"1:50pm. Enough chilling. Let me do the chores and then I will resume.

2:10pm. Done with chores. Time to do those other two project folders.

2:15pm. Focus me, focus. It really sucks. This part really sucks. I do not feel like doing this, but at the same time I do not feel like doing the usual leisure activities either.

2:25pm. What the hell, am I doing? Focus.

Go through the damn files.

2:45pm.

```
let private convertNameToCode(n: HtmlNode): HtmlNode =
    let name = n.GetAttributeValue("name", n.InnerText)
    HtmlNode.CreateNode("`" + name + "`")

let private convertInnerTextToCode(n: HtmlNode): HtmlNode =
    let text = n.InnerText
    HtmlNode.CreateNode("`" + text + "`")

let private convertPara(n: HtmlNode): HtmlNode =
    HtmlNode.CreateNode("\n\n")
```

Why is it juggling Html around?

2:50pm.

```
let private ensure(xmlFile: FileInfo) =
    if xmlFile.Exists then
        let needsUpdate =
            match cache.TryGetValue(xmlFile.FullName) with
            | false, _ -> true
            | _, existing -> existing.loadTime < xmlFile.LastWriteTime
        if needsUpdate then
            dprintfn "Reading %s" xmlFile.FullName
            let parsed = Dictionary<string, CachedMember>()
            // The extension of these files is .xml, but they seem to actually be HTML
            // For example, they contain unclosed <p> tags
            let html = new HtmlDocument()
            html.Load(xmlFile.FullName)
            // Find all members
            for m in html.DocumentNode.Descendants("member") do
                convertSpecialTagsToMarkdown(m)
                let name = m.GetAttributeValue("name", "")
                let summary = [for e in m.Descendants("summary") do yield e.InnerHtml]
                let parameters = [for e in m.Descendants("param") do yield e.GetAttributeValue("name", ""), e.InnerHtml]
                let returns = [for e in m.Descendants("returns") do yield e.InnerHtml]
                let exceptions = [for e in m.Descendants("exception") do yield cref(e), e.InnerHtml]
                parsed.TryAdd(name, {
                    summary = List.tryHead(summary)
                    parameters = parameters
                    returns = List.tryHead(returns)
                    exceptions = exceptions
                }) |> ignore
                cache.TryAdd(xmlFile.FullName, {
                    members = parsed
                    loadTime = xmlFile.LastWriteTime
                }) |> ignore
```

I am definitely having more trouble understanding this file than the LSP stuff.

2:55pm. My focus is low, but I need to push through this.

3:05pm. Ok, I do not understand most of the stuff in TipFormatter.

...Ah, wait, now I remember. C# uses XML in comments.

Still why is so much processing needed here?

Well, nevermind that.

Let me move on. I want to get through this today. I want to study all the files and then move on to the tests.

3:15pm.

```
            | SynTypeDefnRepr.Simple(simple, _) ->
                // F# type declaration
                match simple with
                | SynTypeDefnSimpleRepr.Union(_, cases, mb) ->
                    let cases =
                        [ for (UnionCase(_, id, fldspec, _, _, _)) in cases ->
                            createMember(id, OtherDecl, FSharpGlyph.Struct, unionRanges (fldspecRange fldspec) id.idRange, FSharpEnclosingEntityKind.DU, false, access) ]
                    let nested = cases@topMembers
                    [ createDeclLid(baseName, lid, TypeDecl, FSharpGlyph.Union, m, bodyRange mb nested, nested, FSharpEnclosingEntityKind.DU, false, access) ]
                | SynTypeDefnSimpleRepr.Enum(cases, mb) ->
                    let cases =
                        [ for (EnumCase(_, id, _, _, m)) in cases ->
                            createMember(id, FieldDecl, FSharpGlyph.EnumMember, m, FSharpEnclosingEntityKind.Enum, false, access) ]
                    let nested = cases@topMembers
                    [ createDeclLid(baseName, lid, TypeDecl, FSharpGlyph.Enum, m, bodyRange mb nested, nested, FSharpEnclosingEntityKind.Enum, false, access) ]
                | SynTypeDefnSimpleRepr.Record(_, fields, mb) ->
                    let fields =
                        [ for (Field(_, _, id, _, _, _, _, m)) in fields do
                            if (id.IsSome) then
                              yield createMember(id.Value, FieldDecl, FSharpGlyph.Field, m, FSharpEnclosingEntityKind.Record, false, access) ]
                    let nested = fields@topMembers
                    [ createDeclLid(baseName, lid, TypeDecl, FSharpGlyph.Type, m, bodyRange mb nested, nested, FSharpEnclosingEntityKind.Record, false, access) ]
                | SynTypeDefnSimpleRepr.TypeAbbrev(_, _, mb) ->
                    [ createDeclLid(baseName, lid, TypeDecl, FSharpGlyph.Typedef, m, bodyRange mb topMembers, topMembers, FSharpEnclosingEntityKind.Class, false, access) ]
```

This is way beyond the level of what could be understood just by looking at it.

3:25pm. `Navigation.fs` is a beast. Forget it.

Towards the end, there will be something where all this stuff gets turned into JSON and that will be the points that I really need to study.

Actually, one of the things that so turns me off from OO, is just how complex OO languages are internally. The similar case seems to apply to SML modules it seems.

3:45pm. I am really not absorbing much from this. Let me move to the next file.

4:05pm. I've been taking a short breather. Let me resume.

It is tough. There is this huge wall of text. There is an endless pile of code that I need to, yet don't understand. And doing this way is extremely inefficient as a method of learning.

4:15pm. Focus me, focus. To be honest, though I had enough. I am looking at `ProjectManage.fs` and am thinking - fuck this shit.

Let me just put in the rest and I will move to the tests.

4:20pm. The thing builds. Let me try running it.

```
Listening on stdin
Couldn't find FSharp.Core.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\2.1.15
Couldn't find System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\2.1.15
```

What the dick?

I can't believe I am getting this error again.

So that means that some package or the other is looking for a later version of .NET core.

...How about I fire up the debugger and find what it is?

```
    // Process messages on main thread
    let mutable quit = false
    while not quit do
        match processQueue.Take() with
```

It seems that `processQueue.Take` is the culprit.

```
    let processQueue = new System.Collections.Concurrent.BlockingCollection<PendingTask>(10)
    let _ = processQueue.Take()
    let _ = 2
```

Yep. Oh boy.

```
It was not possible to find any compatible framework version
The framework 'Microsoft.NETCore.App', version '2.2.0' was not found.
  - The following frameworks were found:
      2.1.8 at [C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App]
      2.1.9 at [C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App]
      2.1.15 at [C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App]
      3.1.0 at [C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App]
      3.1.1 at [C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App]

You can resolve the problem by installing the specified framework and/or SDK.

The specified framework can be found at:
  - https://aka.ms/dotnet-core-applaunch?framework=Microsoft.NETCore.App&framework_version=2.2.0&arch=x64&rid=win10-x64

C:\Program Files\dotnet\dotnet.exe (process 15700) exited with code -2147450730.
Press any key to close this window . . .
```

I've set the framework to Core 2.2 and this is the error that I get now.

...Let me try 3.1 then.

Indeed the files it is looking for are not in those folders.

```
Listening on stdin
Couldn't find FSharp.Core.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\3.1.1
Couldn't find System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\3.1.1
```

How can this be happening?

4:40pm.

```
let connect(serverFactory: ILanguageClient -> ILanguageServer, receive: BinaryReader, send: BinaryWriter) =
    let processQueue' = new System.Collections.Concurrent.BlockingCollection<PendingTask>(10)
    let _ = processQueue'.Take()
```

This is inexplicable. When I do this it just freezes.

```
let connect(serverFactory: ILanguageClient -> ILanguageServer, receive: BinaryReader, send: BinaryWriter) =
    let server = serverFactory(RealClient(send))
    let processQueue' = new System.Collections.Concurrent.BlockingCollection<PendingTask>(10)
    let _ = processQueue'.Take()
    let _ = 2
```

This triggers the error. For some reason that `server` does the trick.

I don't get it. Maybe I am not supposed to run the main?

4:45pm. Ok, it is clear to me that the only way I am going to be able to do this is to ask the author. But before that let me move on to the tests.

4:55pm.

```
[<Test>]
let ``report a type error when a file is saved``() =
    let client, server = createServerAndReadFile("MainProject", "CreateTypeError.fs")
    client.Diagnostics.Clear()
    server.DidChangeTextDocument(edit("MainProject", "CreateTypeError.fs", 4, 18, "1", "\"1\"")) |> Async.RunSynchronously
    server.DidSaveTextDocument(save("MainProject", "CreateTypeError.fs")) |> Async.RunSynchronously
    let messages = diagnosticMessages(client)
    let isTypeError(m: string) = m.Contains("This expression was expected to have type")
    if not (List.exists isTypeError messages) then Assert.Fail(sprintf "No type error in %A" messages)
```

Some of the tests run, but the others freeze. At any rate, I choose wrong.

This F# project is not a good target for me. It is too complex as a study target. The stuff in LSP is passable, but I have no idea what is going on in the server.

Well, let me ask the author for advice. Hopefully he won't take offense to what I will say.

...Ah, actually, it does seems like I can run the tests that haven't been run manually. Great.

Except for one, they all pass.

5:10pm. Forget this. I am never going to get anywhere studying the wrapper itself. Let me study the typescript side of it.

That should hopefully be more instructive.

5:15pm. Holy shit, the fsharp.json file is literally 1.6k LOC. What the hell?

5:25pm. Well, nevermind that. The client is giving type errors due to some missing modules. I am not sure how to compile it.

Well, let me go with `npm install`.

Oh, great. The type errors went away.

5:30pm.

```
 // The server is packaged as a standalone command
 let serverMain = context.asAbsolutePath(binName());
```

I think I get it. On windows, the server is an executable.

...I am confused. It says it is compiling to a console application. Yet in the folder I only see a .dll. What the hell?

5:40pm. It is compiling it to an exe in the rebuild that I did by hand, but not in the cloned one. What the fuck?

I am furious here. Fuck these shitty builds. Fuck them. Why can't those retards master the fine art of doing compilation properly.

Oahhhhh...

Let me just go through the client file top to bottom and then I will think of what comes next.

5:50pm. Done. I am exhausted. This is yet another day that I make middling progress. I am not sure if I am actually learning something or just spinning my wheels here.

Nevertheless, I must go on. Let me ask the author about the .dll issue.

...There is a similar issue to mine there, though the .dll versions are different.

https://github.com/adamnew123456/fsharp-language-server/tree/dotnet-3

It seems somebody got it running here. Let me try cloning this and building it.

6pm. I am running into the same compilation bullshit as last time. It is having trouble downloading the required packages on its own.

No, it is the same fuckery as last time. I have no idea what the hell is wrong with this project.

I do not want to waste hours figuring out what is eating this thing again.

6:05pm. I am thinking about taking the thing that works and reverting to the earlier commits, but most authors aren't like me that they make novel length commits detailing most of the development steps.

Sure I could ask the author what is wrong, but there is an outstanding issue that has not been answered, so I do not see a point in doing that.

I'll admit it, I am absolutely astonished at what the author has built here. I certainly would not be able to deal with this complexity. So he deserves some respect for being able to do all of this. In 2017 when I tried dealing with .NET stuff, it was so complex that I decided to go with macros instead. The F# guys who are doing the support for VS cannot have it easy either. They've really guaranteed themselves stable employment.

6:10pm. Right now, more than anything I feel like I've made a strategic error in choosing F# as my template. I should have picked something like C instead. I need a relatively simple statically typed language rather than an OO monstrosity that is F#.

6:15pm. C would be close to ideal if not for its macros.

Agh...I have no choice at this point. Tomorrow, I will make post on the PL sub asking suggestions as I am really making grinding progress here. I've been at this for over a week now with little to show for it.

6:20pm. I should have done this ten days ago. Ugh.

I pretty much did everything wrong here. I put in a lot of effort and reality is just spitting in my face here.

But games have taught me that once you make the right moves, you can win.

6:25pm. Right now, it is time I start unwinding. No need to raise my stress beyond its limit. Working past 6pm is really only for times when you are super inspired and right now the situation is the complete opposite of that.

There are just too many things that I lack. Webdev knowledge especially it seems. Someday, somewhere, somebody will laugh at me today.

Tomorrow, I am going to change my policy and hopefully finally find the hook I am looking for. Learning only really starts once you grab that initial foothold and start building. I am yet to do this."

---
## [CrimsonShrike/CEV-Eris](https://github.com/CrimsonShrike/CEV-Eris)@[81b9524ecf...](https://github.com/CrimsonShrike/CEV-Eris/commit/81b9524ecf7ef09495f600c7fd3078f37d34b9a8)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 19:46:14 by fernandos33

Nanopaste Fixes #2892 (#3568)

* Nanopaste fixed

Signed-off-by: fernandos33 <ois333@yahoo.com>

* well this adds 4 cigars as contraband for the cigarette machine (costing 25) , and  more important adjusted the price from 300 to 12 so people are able to fuck their lungs at will (we are in cyberpunk yeah smoking is expensive in real life but... even them not that much)

* small changes as asked (did not messed with relative path, will do tomorrow)

* s

* fixed the paste again cleaned the code a little and now if you try using the trauma kit, it wont start a "loading bar" as if it was going to fix, it now only works on organic, and nanopaste only works on robotic organs)

* NO MORE RELATIVE PATHS IN SURGERY NO ONE BIT

Signed-off-by: fernandos33 <ois333@yahoo.com>

* good indentions heh

* more indent

* thanks for pushing me, i learned a lot in the PR, thanks to everyone involved you guys are the reason i wanted to code (to help such community)

---
## [CrimsonShrike/CEV-Eris](https://github.com/CrimsonShrike/CEV-Eris)@[69552c0234...](https://github.com/CrimsonShrike/CEV-Eris/commit/69552c02346c98ede990938ef6dbd3b2d03965c3)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 19:46:14 by fernandos33

[tweak] Punks Smoke (#3569)

* well this adds 4 cigars as contraband for the cigarette machine (costing 25) , and  more important adjusted the price from 300 to 12 so people are able to fuck their lungs at will (we are in cyberpunk yeah smoking is expensive in real life but... even them not that much)

* changed cigarette prices for 50

* well this adds 4 cigars as contraband for the cigarette machine (costing 25) , and more important adjusted the price from 300 to 12 so people are able to fuck their lungs at will (we are in cyberpunk yeah smoking is expensive in real life but... even them not that much)

* changed the lighter to 50

* and back to 5 again

---
## [yasdwarka/Website--for-a-film-festival](https://github.com/yasdwarka/Website--for-a-film-festival)@[42fa9ce828...](https://github.com/yasdwarka/Website--for-a-film-festival/commit/42fa9ce828f9ad0cf1cf90c5316a2cf2a5636606)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 19:47:11 by YASWINI DWARKA

Add files via upload

The client says:
"My company, "Brooklyn Outdoor Film Festival" just got the approval to show movies at Brooklyn Bridge Park this year from August 5th through 8th, from 6pm to midnight. We can't wait to help the public discover awesome films!

I need to publicize the festival, and to do this, I need a website. On this site, I need to display information about the festival, the films we're showing, and regularly published news or announcements about the festival.

There should also be links to the city of Brooklyn’s news website, the Brooklyn Bridge Park’s website, and our Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook accounts somewhere on the page (navigation bar, footer links, etc). Since I haven't created these accounts yet, you can just have each social media icon as a link to its homepage (ex. https://twitter.com).

Shows will be free and open to everyone, but I want people to be able to pre-register so that I'm able to estimate how many people might come and so that we can close registration if it reaches the venue’s capacity of 5,000 people.

I'd like to have a professional web address, either a .com or .org -- you decide, but just make sure it's relevant to the film festival."

Project to-dos:
Website prototype: A website prototype created in HTML and CSS with Bootstrap.
Project brief: A project brief that covers logistical details about the overall project as well as technical details about the website.
This project includes:
A project brief explaining the client's needs, including an explanation of the technologies chosen.
A prototype folder with the HTML and CSS source code + images.

---
## [CodeIGuess/Robotics](https://github.com/CodeIGuess/Robotics)@[7c550345f5...](https://github.com/CodeIGuess/Robotics/commit/7c550345f5117db7d15828fb50751131c756baa4)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 20:19:19 by CodeIGuess

POOSH

-reformat
-idk
-if i die tell my parents i love them
-better code

---
## [crdroidandroid/android_kernel_huawei_angler](https://github.com/crdroidandroid/android_kernel_huawei_angler)@[946edb8d7c...](https://github.com/crdroidandroid/android_kernel_huawei_angler/commit/946edb8d7c7d85fa702af9de52bc6c0b713979aa)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 22:00:19 by Cruz Julian Bishop

staging/android: Initial partial kernel-doc for ashmem.c

I am beginning to understand the core concepts at play here.

I am nowhere near finished with this class - However, it is better if
I commit what I have documented so far tonight - That way, if I mess
up tomorrow morning, I can just roll back to here.

Sorry if this clutters things up. In the end, once *everything* is
documented, it will make understanding the Android staging driver
easier to understand as a programmer - Hopefully for both new developers
and current ones.

Change-Id: I437844f48069461ab3482e2c33106da99298c55b
Signed-off-by: Cruz Julian Bishop <cruzjbishop@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [mrizyver/Fl_Launcher](https://github.com/mrizyver/Fl_Launcher)@[908bf2d548...](https://github.com/mrizyver/Fl_Launcher/commit/908bf2d548603477830167be7af7c6167f1bb3a6)
#### Tuesday 2020-02-18 22:15:14 by Ruslan

go fuck yourself, fucking test. create test for Badge service

---

# [<](2020-02-17.md) 2020-02-18 [>](2020-02-19.md)

