# [<](2020-11-03.md) 2020-11-04 [>](2020-11-05.md)

2,738,281 events, 1,404,592 push events, 2,192,793 commit messages, 164,195,019 characters


## [jasonivey/settings](https://github.com/jasonivey/settings)@[60aab67bd5...](https://github.com/jasonivey/settings/commit/60aab67bd51ae27386221a7fee3051811c5addd1)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 00:14:54 by Jason Ivey

Add: another quote for the file.  Also had a crazy idea that the install script should be turned into a Makefile.  I hate writing Makefiles!  After struggling with it for a couple hours I just put it away and I should delete it but can't bring myself to it.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[dd053cd369...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/dd053cd3693362669bf68f386229d89266542c6c)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 11:23:06 by Marko Grdinić

"9:15am. I've been chilling for a bit. Let me do it some more and I will start. Today I will start work on the multi-file server. I'll first get that out of the way after that comes the package server. After I have those two, I'll be able to

9:45am. Let me start.

9:50am. I am really shocked just how viable solo mage builds are in Baldur's Gate. My eyes have been opened. This experience has been wonderful. Before starting this I thought that not having numbers would be a significant disadvantage, but there are endless tactical advantages to this. In addition to the increased XP allowing me to cast far higher level spells, I keep getting good equipment like boots of speed that really shine on a solo character.

I am going to continue it later today. But now let me focus on programming.

I have the whole day ahead of me and I can do great things with it.

9:55am. If days like this could continue things would not be so bad, but as a human I know that my lifespan is limited.

So I need to put some effort towards my actual goals.

10am.

```fs
type TypecheckerFiles<'a> =
    | File of name: string * stream: 'a Stream
    | Dir of name: string * 'a TypecheckerFiles
```

Let me start with this. I've been thinking about this yesterday.

```fs
let multi_file_manager (req : ParserRes TypecheckerFiles Stream) =
    ()
```

Yeah, the function needs to take in input like this. But this is too complex.

```fs
let multi_file_manager (req : ParserRes TypecheckerFiles) =
    ()
```

I should start with just the regular inputs. Once I have this I will be able to compose this.

```fs
let typechecker package_id module_id (req : ParserRes Stream) : TypecheckerRes Stream =
```

Let's see, the output for the multi_file_manager should then be...

```fs
let multi_file_manager package_id module_id (req : ParserRes TypecheckerFiles): TypecheckerRes TypecheckerFiles =
```

I of course need the two ids.

Though I've thought about it in depth yesterday, there is a really a lot of stuff that goes into these servers. I'll have to deal with them step by step.

10:25am. Had to take a short break. Let me keep going.

Yeah, in the finished product there are just so many damn things to deal with it.

Right now I have all the pieces in my head, and there aren't anymore unresolved issue that give me anxiety.

10:30am. The amount of useful work I've done so far is quite scary. I've come quite far, both in my understanding of concurrency and language design at large. It is an enormous pile of experience that I've acquired.

I need to go even further.

```fs
let multi_file_manager package_id module_id (req : ParserRes TypecheckerFiles): TypecheckerRes TypecheckerFiles =
    failwith "TODO"
```

Yeah, let me focus on this. One of the things the completed version should have is optional inputs, but for now let me ignore it. I should be able to redesign the completed thing to allow partiality. But now building up the skeleton should take precedence.

The reason why I want optional inputs is so that the later nodes freeze their processing and wait, while the previous nodes do their work. This is a really smart thing to do, and I should do it, but right now having that consideration on my mind is just a burden.

10:35am. The main issue facing me now is taking the big, top-down design that I have in my head and slicing it into actual steps. I must make sure that none of the steps are too large for me to take. Once I do that, then any task becomes possible.

```fs
type TypecheckerFiles<'a> =
    | TCFile of name: string * stream: 'a Stream
    | TCDir of name: string * 'a TypecheckerFiles

let multi_file_pipe package_id module_id (req : ParserRes TypecheckerFiles): TypecheckerRes TypecheckerFiles =
    failwith "TODO"
```

Yeah, things are too hard, so for now let me just focus on making this particular function. I won't even do the diffing here. This will just be a part of the larger server.

```fs
let multi_file_tc _ = failwith "TODO"
let multi_file_pipe package_id module_id (env : Infer.TopEnv) (req : ParserRes TypecheckerFiles): TypecheckerRes TypecheckerFiles = failwith "TODO"
```

Let me just pass in the env as if it were a regular argument.

Servers really are a huge pain in the ass. Rebuilding everything would be easier.

...Hmmmm...

I need to think about switches. During my Rx adventure, I got familiar with the `switch` combinator there. I have a need for the same thing here.

One thing that is particularly hard with the Hopac servers is that it is difficult to shut them down. They are more 'live' than observables, but that has its own disadvantages of forcing me to write extra subscription unsubscription code.

I'll have to do it. There is no choice. Just focus on this.

10:50am.

```fs
type TypecheckerRes = (Bundle * Infer.InferResult * Infer.TopEnv) PersistentVector * bool
```

I am trying to get into it. This thing is such a problematic, troublesome thing. In my mind I only have eyes on the ideal form because there is no room for much else there.

But now what will I do with `Bundle` and `InferResult` here. I don't need that shit.

What I really envisioned and what was the great breathrough is how to compose `TopEnv`.

10:55am. That is what I should focus on.

For this initial run, let me just ignore dealing with hovers and errors much like optional inputs. Right now I should be focusing on stitching everything together. I'll deal with hovers and errors in due time when I make the general framework surrounding them.

11am. It is really more difficult to focus in the concurrent regime isn't it? I never thought that changing the domain would be affecting me mentally to this degree. I think about one problem, and then I start thinking about another one.

I actually have to force myself to be on the ball and think less about some things.

I find this very challenging.

11:05am. Now I am thinking again how to deal with the prepass. There is just so much to keep track of that I keep forgetting key things.

I am thinking about synchronization issues that would come with sampling, and optional inputs really are the solution to this problem. I keep running it in my head without them and it does not work. Optional inputs are vital.

12:05pm. It really was my intention to do some programming in the morning, but in the last hour I've had waves of inspiration come to me.

A large amount of my anxiety over the compilation pipeline is about managing these servers. When the time comes to rebuild them, I'll have to shut them down and start them again, and it is just such a painful thing to deal with.

I keep thinking of this in terms of data flow, but these servers always force me off my game and I have to essentially emulate the higher level model in my head.

12:10pm. A though came to me that what if instead of eager servers and eager streams, I imagined all of this in terms of lazy streams.

I decided to try to elaborate this idea and it all came to me. Everything.

This is not the first time I had this idea, but previously I was too inexperience with Hopac to make anything of it. It is only now that I understand its primitives well enough to make the connections.

As an experiment, I am going to see if `keepPreceding1` is lazy. I had this hypothesis before, and I reasoned out that it must be eager because I could not see how it could be implemented in a lazy manner, but with my newest insights I see that this would very well possible.

12:15pm. Well, it might be eager, in fact it probably is for the sake of space efficiency, but I shuold test this. I might be surprised at the result.

At any rate, I am going to scrap everything and start from scratch once more. Doing a lazy implementation of the compilation pipeline would just be much easier than dealing with eager servers. This insight is on par with how to do the concurrent depth first traversal that I had a while ago.

Communicating servers are just so troublesome to manage. They are so hard to reason about.

All this time I knew that Hopac streams were intended to be lazy, but I did not know what that really meant. I think I do now. I am going to have to play with it.

I see now that there are much better ways of making use of streams than treating them as observables and pumping them with `Src.value`."

---
## [STRIX-Project/STRIX-X00T](https://github.com/STRIX-Project/STRIX-X00T)@[01cc0d2471...](https://github.com/STRIX-Project/STRIX-X00T/commit/01cc0d2471cbff0ff5619205e836e2885d0a7c6b)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 12:18:00 by wimbiyoas

printk: Dont print init related logs

Due to some fuckups from ROM side now the userspace spams my dmesg with following logs so ignore all init messages
once for all This is annoying as hell.

init: Could not find 'vendor.oppo.hardware.cryptown@1.0::ICrypto/default' for ctl.interface_start

Signed-off-by: wimbiyoas <wyoashizkia@gmail.com>

---
## [folio-org/ui-checkout](https://github.com/folio-org/ui-checkout)@[7d1c1e6afc...](https://github.com/folio-org/ui-checkout/commit/7d1c1e6afcaa45cffdc29cf6858b819130350ce8)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 12:18:12 by Zak Burke

UICHKOUT-666 stretch the OverrideModal's height (#551)

How gross is this hack? Let me count the ways.
It's gross by using breaks to set the height
So `<Datepicker>` will render full, in-sight
Instead of clipping first or final days.
`usePortal` pops it out, but sets its place
From _modal_'s `y` position, hardly right,
And so ensues a render offset fight.
It's gross but so so simple, earning praise?
It's gross and leaves a rake to later bruise
Oneself by all who place a month with faith
That it will show, unclipp'd, no edge to lose.
You'll fix the stripes-component? Hold my breath
I'll not. There, CSS collects its dues.
You love my gross fix. It's simple. Like death.

Refs UICHKOUT-666

---
## [tstelfox/ft_services](https://github.com/tstelfox/ft_services)@[2454a9af1d...](https://github.com/tstelfox/ft_services/commit/2454a9af1d3d95a4a4eb7144e51925edeb183904)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 17:16:28 by Turlough Mullan

Stupid 302 return for no real fuckin reason once I added my wp-config file. Deal with this shit tomorrow

---
## [informalsystems/apalache](https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache)@[b72985f6a8...](https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/commit/b72985f6a893e9a0c0106f518d8494ba646c6e01)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 19:44:58 by Igor Konnov

Etc Branch Mono-commit

To eliminate spurious merge commits that keep showing up, this combines
all the commits from the prototyping branch frozen at #244 into a single
changeset.

added sparse tuples in the type grammar

wip: translator from TlaEx to simple typed lambda calculus for type checking

translating recursive functions

translating control operators

translating action operators

translating sequence operators

translating temporal operators

translating LET-IN

type unification for TlaType1

using integers instead of strings in VarT1

using the type parser in TestUnifier, to increase readability

refactoring tests, to make them comprehensible

unification for lists of pairs

refactored the STC language (which will become ETC soon)

the first working type checker for ETC, needs refactoring and more tests

moving the ETC related classes to etc

name change

refactoring: introduced ExactRef and BlameRef

cycle detection in unification

renaming conflicting variables

testing the type checker with the most exciting expressions, bugfix in recursion

refactoring: extracted onTypeError

handling type annotations in Typing

all methods in EtcBuilder are made protected

handling empty sets and sequences

fixed TLA_PATH in apalache-mc

added typecheck command

allowing for polymorphic arguments

better type errors

fixed unification against uninterpreted types

first integration test for the type checker

bugfix for a one-argument function

fixed the off-by-one error in tuples

a sparse tuple unified with a tuple becomes a tuple

fixed unification for sparse tuples and tuples once again

handling the advanced syntax in set comprehensions and function definitions

friendlier error reporting

forcing the type from a nullary type annotation, needed for <<1, 2>>

bugfix: translation for CASE..OTHER

friendlier messages

the typed version of game of life

computing the transitive closure when doing unification (how did I miss that?)

the typed version of Missionaries and Cannibals

a few changes in the output

a quick bugfix in the importer when type-checking Paxos

added unbounded CHOOSE

disabled polymorphism for user-defined operators, as it is delaying errors

generating unique type variables instead of fixed ones

fixed variable unification

renaming variables in annotations

the new constraint-based type checker

refactoring: using var pool instead of integer indices

debugging the new type checker

more debugging

bugfixing the unifier. Needs more eyes.

propagating parameter types for better inference

still debugging

the examples that go through (some are type incorrect)

two more examples

updated the annotation syntax

Drop outdated changes

Remove EtcTypeChecker

Superseded by EtcTypeChecker2, as noted by @konnov at
https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/pull/264#discussion_r503525017

Restore erroneously removed TestEtcTypeChecker

Fix STC -> Etc

Remove duplicate code bits

Remove lingering STC refeferences

Rename map attribute to context

This prevents confusing name clashes like `map.toSeq.map` where the
first `map` refers to an instance of `Map[Int, TlaType1]` and the second
to `Seq`'s' `map` attribute.

Wildcard pattern match in Substitution.md

This ensures that exhaustiveness checking will warn us if we add
some new type in the future but forget to update it here, it also
allows us to promote the documenting comment into code.

Rename another map to context

Fix map -> context in TypeUnifier

Remove depricated method

Simplify TypeUnifier insert logic

I *think* this reads more straightforwardly tho I suspect
this may be subjective. I also *think* that this change eliminates
some redundant logic from the case analysis in the main unification
method, but I could be mistaken. Tho I'm encouraged that the tests are
passing.

@konnov, let me know if you find this harder to follow then the initial
implementation.

Clean up comment indentation

Clean up manual maps

Add missing newline

Update tla-types/src/main/scala/at/forsyte/apalache/tla/typecheck/etc/TypeUnifier.scala

Co-authored-by: Igor Konnov <igor@informal.systems>

Ensure solution is always reset

As per https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/pull/294#discussion_r510325004

Rework computeOptions method into computeFields

This renames the method, so that it has a more specific name reflecting
its use (as per
https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/pull/294#discussion_r508859931)
and, in the process, it refactors out some common logic between the two
sites of use.

Apply scalafmt

Report which type assumption conjuct is invalid

Refactor out literal to type mapping

As per @konnov's TODO

Commit scalafmt config

Document the unary apply method

Use varPool instead of hard-coded types var

Simplify record validation

Use simple structural matching instead of arithmetic. This change
also lets us validate the args in a single pass, rather than two
separate invocations of `zipWithIndex`.

It actually increases the loc, but that's due to more robust error
handling and the addition of unit tests to cover an unhappy path.

Clean up funDef case

Mostly swapping arithmetic check to pattern matching and case analysis.
Improves self-documentation and makes logic more concise (imho).

Suggestions to TlaFunOper.except translation

This change proposes:

1. Structural reasoning over arithmetic
2. Improves self-documentation (e.g., with defining predicates for
accessor tests and using those to self document at the call site)
3. Lazy vals to avoid unnecessary computations of mutually exclusive
values
4. Reuse of the a1 variable for the seqType. Because we are producing a
sum type, the type variable scoping does not require a fresh variable
fore each disjunct. Reusing the a1 variable used in the function type
alternative produces more regular and consistent type variable naming.

Refactor mkApp helper

This renames the helper so that it doesn't shadow the original function
(this shadowing was leading to confusion for this reader :)), and it
makes the helper a closure that includes the exact ref id, so that
needn't be supplied every time.

It also adds a temporary variable so we only need to construct the
ExactRef once.

Remove nextVarNum

Remove outdated TODO

Don't allow for impl or equiv with > 2 args

Make catchall expression raise

To improve safety and ability to identify weird edge cases.

Use TlaOpe.deinterleave

Combine stutter and nostutter cases

---
## [KidCrippler/songs](https://github.com/KidCrippler/songs)@[5998e73cbd...](https://github.com/KidCrippler/songs/commit/5998e73cbd194b0762d8e054851f3237dd006619)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 20:36:06 by ophirs99

Add:
קיץ ערן צור
עד שתעזוב ריטה
ואני שר שלומי שבת
Paul Simon 50 Ways to Leave Your Lover ABXtWqmArUU
Aerosmith Cryin' qfNmyxV2Ncw
The Marmalade Reflections Of My Life zqUDRkO93DA

Convert:
Creep - Radiohead
Can't Help Falling In Love - Elvis Presley
Karma Police - Radiohead
Simon & Garfunkel - Bridge Over Troubled Water
David Bowie – Life On Mars?
שיר תשרי

---
## [AuroraEngine/stduuid](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/stduuid)@[35084a1ca3...](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/stduuid/commit/35084a1ca3c7c481ff13193882665a9990034311)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 21:30:58 by Reece

I take back my take back of my sperging. this retard unironcally pretends his shit is standard by throwing it in std::, uses previous hashes to seed new states of an algorithm that should have predicable results, and doesn't know how to consume bytes given a buffer type, template generic pointer, and a count. i shouldn't have to baby a dipshit who is selling c++ books on how not to be a fucking dipshit.

---
## [AuroraEngine/stduuid](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/stduuid)@[80e9f115f9...](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/stduuid/commit/80e9f115f99db7af343bfc3588cf4b691da8eb6b)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-04 21:34:47 by Reece

I take back my take back of my sperging. this retard unironcally pretends his shit is standard by throwing it in std::, uses previous hashes as salt as a namespacing mechanism, and doesn't know how to consume bytes given a buffer type, template generic pointer, and a count. i shouldn't have to baby a dipshit who is selling c++ books on how not to be a fucking dipshit.

---

# [<](2020-11-03.md) 2020-11-04 [>](2020-11-05.md)

