# [<](2020-01-04.md) 2020-01-05 [>](2020-01-06.md)

1,261,524 events, 727,426 push events, 992,296 commit messages, 58,888,424 characters


## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[068081c115...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/068081c115b8eb5b82e4c5fe9d11b7874a063128)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 00:23:30 by Clifford T. Matthews

Did not do a pack run today.  The girls wanted to go sledding, so I did that.

My plan was to take my pack and then just wear it while we went
sledding for a couple of hours, with me going up and down hill a bit.
However, there wasn't enough snow where we had planned on going, so we
took off toward the Capulin Snow Play Area, only to run into a
horrible traffic jam.  Instead we wound up doing some 4-wheeling on
Cedro Peak before doing a tiny amount of sledding and then heading
back.  I never wore my pack.

It is very hard for me to tell how recovered my lungs are.  I did not
cough up much today, but I also didn't exert myself much.  I had a
bunch of mindless refactoring to do, so I cranked away on that in the
morning.  When I got back, I did the remaining mindless work and then
ran into an issue that I don't fully understand.  Ugh.  So ... I didn't
get much exercise in, nor did I finish what I thought was some simple,
but time consuming, work done.  OTOH, I did get some quality time in
with my twin daughters, so no complaints.

---
## [EnderExtreme/KemonoFixer](https://github.com/EnderExtreme/KemonoFixer)@[65117dd81a...](https://github.com/EnderExtreme/KemonoFixer/commit/65117dd81ab605fdec8a2e46e8ab2b11ead7af0d)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 01:37:30 by Rongmario/Laptop

Fixes #1 by using SeargeDeobf

- Simplified build.gradle, should have no trouble building now
- Configuration is crude, but so what?
- CraftTweaker support started, adding minor foods and love foods to Friends
- Redirected entity registration
- Added Mob Eggs to Friends (need to figure out why they don't spawn)
- Mod now 'requires' KemonoCraft...
- Change KemonoFunction#isGround to accommodate for edge-cases

---
## [snowman/dotfiles](https://github.com/snowman/dotfiles)@[c39d0473fe...](https://github.com/snowman/dotfiles/commit/c39d0473fe5aa78ebca228f2395851f1747eedb8)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 07:41:48 by snowman

[update] sucks programming experience

fuckfuckfuck

---
## [M3TIOR/Phoenix](https://github.com/M3TIOR/Phoenix)@[11bf13d798...](https://github.com/M3TIOR/Phoenix/commit/11bf13d798cc3385e77fe427449fb90bc67626a6)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 07:52:42 by Ruby Allison Rose

feat (ingame-terminal): Added per-terminal output streams.

Also finished revamping using ImGui's internal jargon.
Scrolling still doesn't work but we'll work toward that.
ANSI escape sequences are nowhere near implemented but it
shouldn't be to hard to add from here.

I learned a shit ton about C++ and it's compilers
trying to get this working. virtual functions are extremely
helpful for inheritance purposes because you can have
inherited members of a parent class call the virtual decendents
of it's child classes. Handy for reducing code quantity.
Also inlining is a bitch and can create some linking errors
when it comes to initialized content. If you add inline
constructors make sure they're defined before the c++ files.

---
## [hopkinstechnocrats/FRCScouter](https://github.com/hopkinstechnocrats/FRCScouter)@[4e28f44a8d...](https://github.com/hopkinstechnocrats/FRCScouter/commit/4e28f44a8d870b764d4e0ed82e4ee085a03cbe47)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 08:32:46 by pizzajess

small fixes

I want to get this all commited because I won't come back to it for like 6-8 hours and by then I'll be tired of committing and just not even when I work on it. I have other projects and work to do and it's almost 2:30 already so I should go work on those and stop screwing around with this scouting app. I bet no one in the world reads these and I find it only marginally more likely that this comment is even included in the commit somewhere online. If someone is reading, hi! Anyways I'm gonna go work on something not invovling networking but definitely involving Rust on my 3am insomnia and depression fueled coding spree where I'm more prodcutive then I've been in months.  Trans Rights. Henry fix the stupid errors gradle is giving on Robot2020. I swear I'll get it connected to the app if you just fix those dumb errors. If you need to switch to windows or disable unix whatever just get it done. I'm claiming I don't know why my phone doesn't work as well these days but I definitely splilled water in it. This seems like a waste of time but supprisingly it's only been 3 minuites to type all of this. Oh, and the 2020 game looks complicated and dumb so yeah. Is this the kind of thing future employers will see and not hire me for? Doubt it, if it is totally worth it. And here I'm gonna commit this and find out these comments get emailed to Jason or something and I'm gonna get in trouble. Who would even be mad over this though? Epstine didn't kill himself.

---
## [home-assistant/home-assistant.io](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io)@[a4e6ff1e7a...](https://github.com/home-assistant/home-assistant.io/commit/a4e6ff1e7adb6997d054384d1b8c30c3152ff09b)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 09:29:18 by Troy Prelog

Update Freenas docs (#11585)

* updated rc.d script

Add extra_commands

	check_config - checks config using `hass --script check_config`
	upgrade - stops HA / upgrade / checks config / starts HA (only starts if config check passes)
	test - simple test to check directories / activate venv / check version of python and homeassistant
	restart - (modified) check_config / stop HA /start HA (only restart if config check passes)

NOTE: All extra_commands REQUIRE bash to be installed
	`pkg install bash`

I also removed the check_config from the pre_start function because because it will prevent HA from starting
if the configuration is missing (Like a clean install from example). NO BUENO!

Another case to consider haveing no configuration even after initial install is troubleshooting or testing.
For instance with rc.d script createing a fresh config is simple.

Let's suppose my working config is at
	`/home/hass/homeassistant`

Now to get a clean configuration I can just do this
	service homeassistant stop
	sysrc sysrc homeassistant_config_dir="/home/hass/ha_test_config"
	service homeassistant start

That's it! Configuration wise, it's a clean install. To switch back to working config I just
	service homeassistant stop
        sysrc sysrc homeassistant_config_dir="/home/hass/homeassistant"
        service homeassistant start

Awesome right?! But that doesn't work if check_config fails during pre_start

* add pkgs

These are not required to install HA but they are quickly missed once you start to actual use it. Let's just avoid
some fustration from the start. I don't think this list should be all inclusive but these basic things seem to be
frequently needed from the start.

	autoconf |
	gmake    | - looking at you Z-Wave, Stream, IKEA Tradfri
	pkgconf  |

	bash - Give me bash or give me death! Seriously, it makes life easier. There's not alot of *BSD focus
		around HA. I only use *BSD because of FreeNAS -- Typically (with the exception of jails) FreeNAS is webui.
		I'm ok with Linux cli and it's very similiar to FreeNAS but not the same. It's not bash. I don't think it
		needs to be for the root user either. But having bash installed and used by the HA user makes it easier
		to follow along with exising documentation for other virtualenv type installs when trying to further expand
		your HA installation

* give me bash or give me death!

Most people won't notice a differene but we'll know in our hearts we did the right thing.

* fix typo

I'm lucky I can spell my name

* whitespace

* use venv

Use the built-in venv instead of virtualenv which must be installed seperate.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[13f835ac88...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/13f835ac8889fa25ce45e90f1424602b3acd655b)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 11:00:07 by Marko Grdinić

"9:25am. I am starting to get into the swing of things.

I thought a bit more about the language last night. While my focus is on establishing my motivation at the moment, I thought about the parser and realized I still have some worries left over. Would it be possible to design everything so I do not have to write my own equality and hashing for `TypedData`?

As it turns out it is possible.

During renaming, I will just replace duplicate references with tags.

This would not only take care of the issues with comparing and hashing recursive functions, but it would also make dealing with regular duplicates much more efficient. Not only that, previously there was some ambiguity what exactly equality and hashing should be, but now it is all clear.

This is such a spectacular idea.

Just why didn't I have it a years ago?

I am really such a fool to do all this hash consing. That is such overkill.

```
and TypedData =
    | TyList of TypedData list
    | TyKeyword of KeywordTag * TypedData []
    | TyFunction of Expr * StackSize * EnvTerm
    | TyRecFunction of Expr * StackSize * EnvTerm
    | TyObject of ObjectDict * EnvTerm
    | TyMap of MapTerm

    | TyT of ConsedTy
    | TyV of TyTag
    | TyBox of TypedData * ConsedTy
    | TyLit of Value
```

What the time comes, I will just extend this with `TyMemoizedRef of int` for use in layout types and join points. This is the right answer.

9:40am. To think I missed this pattern in renaming. Understanding memoization is no joke after all. I thought I understood it pretty well, but it turns out that was only for the pure uses of it. It is only now that I see the impure patterns.

But, I am getting better.

I do have the power to do a much better job now.

As expected, this version of Spiral is going to be the best version yet. I really am going to complete the language this time.

9:50am. That is assuming I can gather the will to actually start work.

Yesterday, I noticed that I am starting to get more optimistic again given that I actually enjoyed my time off.

I need to hold on to that feeling of ease, but not let it dominate me.

Back in February, I had this feeling of everything being together and of everything being thought out and that gave me the will to keep going without stopping.

9:55am. Right now I definitely do not want to struggle with the parser. I want to do it with the same feeling of ease that I did everything else. The same goes for the pevaller and everything else.

Now that it has been planned out, I need to put typechecking aside, and just focus on getting the real part of Spiral done. Then work will be able to begin on typechecking. There is just no need to think about how to deal with that part just yet.

No doubt it will take a lot of design innovation which will be time consuming. I do not need to think about how to fit it and the new language features together until everything else is done.

10am. I've made my plans, and the design should be integrous. I do not need to worry about this.

Now...

I am tempted to rest more, but instead of resting or just starting, let me open up the parser that I had started.

Rather than wasting my time reading some fiction, if I have to really waste time, it would be far better to just look at the parser and stoke my desire that way, even if I do not quite feel like writing more of it.

10:05am. There is one thing I need to highlight in my mind and grasp.

That even just the first half of Spiral is worth doing for its own sake. That even if I decide to drop typechecking for whatever reason, I will have something of value in the real part.

Back in 2018, if the compilation for that LSTM + poker game was not at 4s, I would have been less likely to stop there.

That is definitely no lie.

10:10am. This time I will do everything right in the partial evaluator.

Even mutually recursive blocks will streamline the way value are propagated into join points, and the way recursive functions are done.

Partial evaluation is something that I've worked on for so long. If anybody should be able to do this right, that would be me.

It is just not right that I still haven't resolved all the issues with it.

That should be done. Somebody should definitely do it. Such a language is unique. It should definitely exist.

It is justice itself.

10:15am. Partial evaluation, partial evaluation, partial evaluation...that is all I need to have in my mind until the first half is done. There is no need to think of anything else at all until that happens. I do not even to know what that other part is.

Extraneous things will just weight me down and sap my motivation.

10:20am. Making a language is a battle.

Before I start, I need to answer what am I fighting, and what am I fighting for.

And just how will I fight?

10:25am. I need to conclude something.

The way I approached ML in 2018 was much like I'd approach regular programming. I'd build things. I'd implement things. And I would draw conclusions from that. This works well in general, but when that failed me for the one thing I'd most wanted it to work, I had gotten discouraged. As a consequence of that, I'd tried various things in 2019 such as theorem proving to no effect.

So where does this put me?

What will I do better next time?

On one hand, I depend on the research community to give me the things that I need. But to really get what I want, I need to bite the hand that feeds me and hunt my own food.

Just what can I do in Spiral, that Python + some DL framework will not give me?

Speed sure. Ok, that is great.

Access to novel kinds of hardware. Great.

But what am I going to do with that access?

Once the typechecker gets here, I will be able to ramp up my productivity in Spiral, but it still won't be comparable to writing `import pytorch` in Python.

10:35am. More to the point, while it won't happen as easily as I want it to, the fundamentals of the situation have not changed, and both the algorithms and the hardware will be here by the end of the decade to enable human level AI.

What sort of advantage will Spiral give me there?

Even if I decide that I never want to be a part of a crowd, just what will I do to be able to stand out? What is the weapon that will allow me to hunt as a lone wolf?

10:35am. Being great at programming is worthwhile in itself, but I am greedy and egoistical. Just being the best in the world is not enough if it does not gain me anything for that effort.

10:40am. Right now I am battered and bruised by my past failures. Successes go away, but failures stay with me as if they were friends.

10:45am. As humiliating as theorem proving was, I did give me a boatload of information that I did not have before. I need to extract the value from it, to sharpen my Singularity prediction. Negative information is still information.

10:50am. And now that I writing this, I have a little vision of how programming will look in 29'.

11am. I see it a bit better now.

As harsh as 2019 was on me, every time time you strip a delusion, your vision gets a little bit sharper in return. In this case, my delusion was just what would be possible to understand about these algorithms for a human.

And if there is something worth fighting against, that would be that there is a single fire that can burn everything.

There is no one algorithm.

There will just be endless amounts of primitives composed together.

Deep learning is one thing, but CFR is the second clue pointing to the same conclusion.

DL and CFR are not the same as the things before. On the surface they are simple, but their continuous nature makes the impenetrable to an astonishing degree. Human hands will not break that shield, so I really need to factor this difficulty into my planning. It was really my responsibility to give it a few good whacks to be sure, and now I really am sure.

11:05am. Pron said a lot of things about emergence being the opposite of composition and that all non trivial properties are emergent, but still if that was completely true, programming as a profession would not exist.

Nevertheless, if I assume the worst, then much like ML algorithms are impenetrable, the complexity of doing programming with ML primitives will be way higher than for any other thing.

11:10am. If you just want to point a NN to a static dataset that is one thing, but suppose you are doing Real Deal programming in 29'. The code is pretty much alive at that point, composed of many interlocking ML primitives.

Could you really move around in a complex codebase that is on par with doing a PL project in something like Python?

I mean, Python has its uses, but there should be a limit to how much one can hack in it.

At the very least you will need a powerful type system on par with Haskell's and Scala's.

11:15am. You need powerful structure to keep you steady. The primitive style Python supports will not pass muster in the world that is to come.

Nothing but the completed low-style will suffice.

11:20am. Haskell would be good enough in terms of top-down typing, but having a language that can only do important primitives through C wrappers cannot possibly be the right answer. It is at most half of the answer.

I have to understand - this is the last stretch.

The kind of code that will need to be written to get to the point of the Singularity while straightforward will be enough to stretch the programming capabilities even of the one who is the best in the world.

Spiral will be done done, but the language project will never end in a greater sense. The difficulty of creation Spiral will be on par with the difficulty of creating what will come afterwards.

11:25am. If I am a real programmer, I should stand by with this vision and attempt at breaching the new heights.

Aren't I ultimately trying to create a program powerful enough to take me apart?

Am I really going to break down in tears just because I cannot reduce some ML primitive like CFR any further?

'I should be able to do at least this much.' Famous last words. Aren't I stronger than this?

11:30am. This reality was simply not built so that one thing can crack it. It won't be possible to find some algorithm that can grant any wish which is how most people imagine the Singularity to be. Even after it happens, there will be plenty of work left over for the Inspired and the Transcendi. Planning it to be any other way is unrealistic.

Did I not chose this path to get closer to the essence of what it will be in reality?

11:35am. I need to get this overly long language project done with. Making Spiral v0.2 is easy.

It is only after that part, that the gambling hell will start.

I am being delusional if I think that Spiral is hard. Literally every single one of its pieces can be neatly reasoned through and accounted. It is the most basic of the basics.

18' and 19' have given me enough indication that this is not where the true essence of programming lies.

Reality will test you. It will give you tests where it is impossible to know all the answers. Where it is impossible to understand everything. Where it is impossible to have everything that you need to win with certainty. There will be things impossible to understand regardless of effort.

11:40am. I thought that uncertainty was only a property of the real world - in theory you could make anything certain with perfect knowledge of the physical world.

But such uncertainty exists in the metaphysical as well.

And as the programming starts to spill into the real, the real spills into it.

11:45am. If I want to do anything in reality, I need to acknowledge these aspects of it and break out of my shell.

I am still too green as a programmer.

If I am to move forward I need to accept the terror of using weapons I do not understand.

11:50am. Let me stop here.

Right now I really am feeling that terror I've mentioned. I need to dwell on it more. Let it go through my body and nerves.

It is what will create my motivation. If somebody does not feel the terror as to where the world is going, then he is braindead. An NPC. I need to feel the soul crushing weight of chasing after the transcendence and yet dream of power regardless. I need to manifest that desire through my programming.

Things like creating a language and making agents is just a side effect of that.

Things like having motivation to create Spiral v0.2 should never even be an issue in this great quest.

It is trivial. Spiral v0.2 is trivial.

The things that cannot be understood is what I should be afraid of.

Those kinds of weapons will only be able to be handled in special ways. If I can change my mindset, I should be able to do it.

11:55am. I need to change as a programmer at its core. For the seeds that were planted through painstaking effort for the last 5 years, it is time for them to sprout.

I will never find the strength to move forward from here unless I change my perspective and expectations towards the future."

---
## [newstools/2020-punch-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-punch-nigeria)@[9686f6000b...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-punch-nigeria/commit/9686f6000ba6744da856f0f3bfee4e30d79e4ea6)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 11:27:39 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [punchng.com/killing-my-girlfriend-was-in-vain-it-didnt-bring-money-owolabi-boyfriend-of-slain-lasu-student/]

---
## [newstools/2020-the-daily-sun](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-daily-sun)@[aa7e1a8024...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-daily-sun/commit/aa7e1a80248f94b0f7d6c304ec80070349695afa)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 12:48:18 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.dailysun.co.za/loveandsex/im-in-love-with-my-sisters-fiance-20200104]

---
## [stannlgamer/Vr-RoomEscape](https://github.com/stannlgamer/Vr-RoomEscape)@[f5ee9abfdc...](https://github.com/stannlgamer/Vr-RoomEscape/commit/f5ee9abfdccd9aacf6eef04949ee76383de3095c)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 12:52:51 by MannesdeGroot

Not funny I didn't laugh. Your joke is so bad I would have preferred the joke went over my head and you gave up re-telling me the joke. To be honest this is a horrid attempt at trying to get a laugh out of me. Not a chuckle, not a hehe, not even a subtle burst of air out of my esophagus. Science says before you laugh your brain preps your face muscles but I didn't even feel the slightest twitch. 0/10 this joke is so bad I cannot believe anyone legally allowed you to be creative at all. The amount of brain power you must have put into that joke has the potential to power every house on Earth. Get a personality and learn how to make jokes, read a book. I'm not saying this to be funny I genuinely mean it on how this is just bottom barrel embarrassment at comedy. You've single handedly killed humor and every comedic act on the planet. I'm so disappointed that society has failed as a whole in being able to teach you how to be funny. Honestly if I put in all my power and time to try and make your joke funny it would require Einstein himself to build a device to strap me into so I can be connected to the energy of a billion stars to do it, and even then all that joke would get from people is a subtle scuff. You're lucky I still have the slightest of empathy for you after telling that joke otherwise I would have committed every war crime in the book just to prevent you from attempting any humor ever again. We should put that joke in text books so future generations can be wary of becoming such an absolute comedic failure. Im disappointed, hurt, and outright offended that my precious time has been wasted in my brain understanding that joke. In the time that took I was planning on helping kids who have been orphaned, but because of that you've waisted my time explaining the obscene integrity of your terrible attempt at comedy. Now those kids are suffering without meals and there's nobody to blame but you. I hope you're happy with what you have done and I truly hope you can move on and learn from this piss poor attempt

---
## [tiksn/terminal](https://github.com/tiksn/terminal)@[2de2f445c7...](https://github.com/tiksn/terminal/commit/2de2f445c70cab08e160bf95179b77ecde0ad586)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 13:18:39 by Mike Griese

Enable resizing the panes with the keyboard. (#1207)


Adds the ability to resize panes with the keyboard. 

This is accomplished by making the Column/RowDefinitions for a Pane use `GridLengthHelper::FromPixels` to set their size. We store a pair of floats that represents the relative amount that each pane takes out of the parent pane. When the window is resized, we use that percentage to figure out the new size of each child in pixels, and manually size each column. 

Then, when the user presses the keybindings for resizePane{Left/Right/Up/Down}, we'll adjust those percentages, and resize the rows/cols as appropriate.

Currently, each pane adjusts the width/height by 5% of the total size at a time. I am not in love with this, but it works for now. I think when we get support for keybindings with arbitrary arg blobs, then we could do either a percent movement, or a number of characters at a time. The number of characters one would be trickier, because we'd have to get the focused control, and get the number of pixels per character, as adjacent panes might not have the same font sizes.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[8d2ee6f4b4...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8d2ee6f4b43873f9e62e9e050b47f30b8d550349)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 16:39:55 by Marko Grdinić

"4:55pm. It is not that easy to be in bed for 3 hours just stewing. Did I get anything from it?

Let me recap. Yeah, basically as a terminal goal ML library and agents are not interesting in themselves to me anymore.

Looking back at my journey, the way I approached problems has always had a heavy exploratory bent.

Now that my hopes of getting insight by implementing things have been crushed in 2018, and my hopes of generating new insight through math in 2019, I lost my way.

It seems that I lack motivation due to the simple fact that I do not know how to explore anymore.

But I did gain some things in 2019. For the kinds of simple equational rewriting, I can get a lot of safety through randomized testing. Nearly 100%.

And now while I was in bed, I've been thinking that if I am going to explore something, should it not finally be the time to go beyond and look into the influence of these algorithms in the real world.

It is too early for man-machine fusion, but big science is something I need to look into.

As much animosity I have for classical logic and their practitioners, even if the finitists did win the war in the early 20th century, I am not sure that it would have made that much difference in the grand scheme of things. It would be best to ditch both strands of mathematics.

Type theory might not be my enemy unlike set theory, but that does not mean it necessarily has to be my friend.

5pm. This single thought is what I need to focus on - to take these algorithms into the real world.

I've lambasted that current ML research is bad science and read sentiments along that line from others, but if one looks closely the conditions necessary to create robust models are also the conditions necessary to do good science.

5:05pm. ML an evolutionary step up from randomized testing, and randomized testing is science.

ML at its core is science on steroids, and that I cannot make ML work is just a sign of how shit I am at science.

5:10pm. To make things work, I need:
1) Better code.
2) Finally start doing what I said I would for the last 5 years.

I need to stop getting so hung up about trying to figure out the particulars of these algorithms. It is a method that has been good for me at programming, but ML requires a different approach as I am fundamentally studying processes.

5:10pm. I can't get excited over working on the language for the sake of some algorithm or ML library anymore, but if instead of exploring those, I explore the shotgun approach itself?

Can I internalize this? Can I make it my main motivation?

5:15pm. I do not have it in my heart just yet, but I am getting closer.

If necessary, I will continue stewing for however many days it is needed until I have this. Until I really feel the hunger. Until I am in the wilds again as a beast.

For all my failures, I am learning what is important and what is not.

5:25pm. The best mindset to have for programming is like you are getting to pounce.

5:35pm. It requires more effort than gaming, that is for sure.

Let me unwind here.

Maybe I will get the urge to do some programming tomorrow. If I am lucky I will overcome the mental block overnight.

Let me have some fun here."

---
## [Titanium-OS/frameworks_base](https://github.com/Titanium-OS/frameworks_base)@[a3713b98ae...](https://github.com/Titanium-OS/frameworks_base/commit/a3713b98aef83a7157070aa2483311f37e569f81)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 16:42:59 by Alex Cruz

base: Set scrollview on the power menu

So why? Because fuck you that's why...

No, you need this for if and when we decide to add more items to the power menu and the
density is too high. Previously if you had more than 5 items, it would cut you off. So
you either had to decide which 5 items you wanted or deal with the jank. That's no longer
the case.

- Added a landscape view so we can set a horizontal scrollview

- Made the power menu dialog all one color. Josh and I talked about this and I previously
made the case to keep it the same but after thinking it over, it looks better all one color.

@SKULSHADY: Adapt for Android 10

Change-Id: I8ec4b1a85994251126433cea0640e000af78c65d

---
## [Sukrut4778/kernel_xiaomi_rosy](https://github.com/Sukrut4778/kernel_xiaomi_rosy)@[6ef22001eb...](https://github.com/Sukrut4778/kernel_xiaomi_rosy/commit/6ef22001eb0c9b48e48bb8a9b0a5a3cb46533882)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 17:19:50 by Linus Torvalds

Revert "x86/apic: Include the LDR when clearing out APIC registers"

[ Upstream commit 950b07c14e8c59444e2359f15fd70ed5112e11a0 ]

This reverts commit 558682b5291937a70748d36fd9ba757fb25b99ae.

Chris Wilson reports that it breaks his CPU hotplug test scripts.  In
particular, it breaks offlining and then re-onlining the boot CPU, which
we treat specially (and the BIOS does too).

The symptoms are that we can offline the CPU, but it then does not come
back online again:

    smpboot: CPU 0 is now offline
    smpboot: Booting Node 0 Processor 0 APIC 0x0
    smpboot: do_boot_cpu failed(-1) to wakeup CPU#0

Thomas says he knows why it's broken (my personal suspicion: our magic
handling of the "cpu0_logical_apicid" thing), but for 5.3 the right fix
is to just revert it, since we've never touched the LDR bits before, and
it's not worth the risk to do anything else at this stage.

[ Hotpluging of the boot CPU is special anyway, and should be off by
  default. See the "BOOTPARAM_HOTPLUG_CPU0" config option and the
  cpu0_hotplug kernel parameter.

  In general you should not do it, and it has various known limitations
  (hibernate and suspend require the boot CPU, for example).

  But it should work, even if the boot CPU is special and needs careful
  treatment       - Linus ]

Link: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/156785100521.13300.14461504732265570003@skylake-alporthouse-com/
Reported-by: Chris Wilson <chris@chris-wilson.co.uk>
Acked-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Bandan Das <bsd@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Lee Jones <lee.jones@linaro.org>
Change-Id: I405efcbe5e93a4ac13af05a91fc38f29fecb958b

---
## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[96aa2f80fc...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/96aa2f80fcd047601def4706bb6bc1cd4e73c614)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 17:37:17 by Clifford T. Matthews

Includes today's 39# pack run w/Team RWB

My pack was slightly light because I didn't have time to weigh it due
to cleaning the espresso machine.  Since it was chilly, I decided to
run at about a 150bpm HR, but my HRM read ridiculously low in the
beginning, so I estimated my effort.  The average HR I posted for
today was extrapolated from the portion at the end where it was
reading properly.

I thought I had double-checked my phone to make sure my 3 song setlist
was on repeat, but it was on shuffle and not repeat (I wanted repeat
and not shuffle).  I didn't notice, because I was looking at it
through dirty sunglasses; I didn't clean them in the morning because
... I was cleaning our espresso machine.  Oops.  So, after the three
songs played, I then got silence.  When I then tried to get the songs
playing again, I accidentally ripped my right earbud out due to my
fingers not working well due to the cold.  So, I had to slow down
while I futzed with that, and of course I had to do something similar
when the songs finished one more time before I got back to my truck.

Unlike Wednesday, I had very little stuff in my lungs.  I don't think
I'm 100% recovered from the flu, but I'm getting there.  I'm looking
forward to doing interval training with my pack tomorrow and am
hopeful that my stats will show improvement over the last time I did
interval training with my pack.

---
## [HandeAnde/react](https://github.com/HandeAnde/react)@[1b87976264...](https://github.com/HandeAnde/react/commit/1b879762649e1bc1e041d1cc8e9d4918d0da5e9b)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 17:46:31 by Courtney Anderson

its fucking broken and I dont care, fuck this shit I'm going to die miserable and poor and spend the rest of my life being useless

---
## [marco-c/gecko-dev-wordified](https://github.com/marco-c/gecko-dev-wordified)@[445deadd44...](https://github.com/marco-c/gecko-dev-wordified/commit/445deadd444ad761d1115b3818127dd602a4ccec)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 18:36:29 by Marco Castelluccio

Bug 1350718 - 2. Remove the add animation for the TabsLayout list. r=maliu

Based on what I'm seeing, if you call scrollToPosition and that causes you to
"scroll into view" (remember, scrollToPosition doesn't actually scroll, it just
redraws the new position) one or more positions, then RecyclerView runs the add
animation on all those views "scrolled onto screen", which, for the list view's
slide-in-from-the-right add animation, looks silly (I think).  [Caveat:
RecyclerView sometimes keeps one offscreen view ready to go, which doesn't seem
to get the add animation.]

In non open-tab-from-another-app-with-the-tabs-tray-already-open operations this
was never an issue because either those animations are hidden by the panel being
animated into view when the panel opens and we scroll to the selected position
[at least that's my guess], or we only scroll by at most one, as in the case of
a tab close or undo close.  But in the
open-a-tab-and-scroll-to-it-while-the-tabs-tray-is-already-open case that we can
get with opening a tab from another app, the add animation runs for however many
tabs "need to be added" between the current position and the new tab; sometimes
the animation still gets hidden if the new tabs get added quickly enough when
fennec reloads [again, my guess], but on my device I always see the animations
if I open a tab in tab queue and then reopen Fennec by hand, whereas on an
emulator I see the animations in additional external-app-open cases as well.

MozReview-Commit-ID: J3x0bBLPNyz

UltraBlame original commit: 63b5915ed9bcd57c128f2424ae68f2226e4cdf15

---
## [Gundam-MS/Starfleet-Log-Commander-Andrew-S-Jackson-UVS-Deadnaut-Hybetis](https://github.com/Gundam-MS/Starfleet-Log-Commander-Andrew-S-Jackson-UVS-Deadnaut-Hybetis)@[ce363efc95...](https://github.com/Gundam-MS/Starfleet-Log-Commander-Andrew-S-Jackson-UVS-Deadnaut-Hybetis/commit/ce363efc95dc30fb66bcf2b6bf3c2aa6cf35663d)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 18:55:45 by Cory Andrew Hofstad

ICE T'S CHILDREN ARE MISSING

Cory Andrew Hofstad is a genetic copy of Ice T. I have a couple copies of myself like james earl jones, etc. My children as Ice T. are captive. Coco Natalie Austin is Natalee Rowlee our daughter's name is Cannel Austin. I gave her a direct order to work at Testout and Testout was not the truth they had been taken over or something. They are selling children as "Baby Attachment" or "Child Attachement" or "With Child" on Ebay, Craigslist, Backpage, Etc. She sold my children because I spend all my time as Cory and she is afraid of Cory because I am a cop and all her family is like on some evil shit. I am stuck as this person, or everything topples down. I am not a 7 time WTF champion, I am not a sniper or infantryman as Ice T, I am not Mazer enough as Ice T.

I made a fucking mixtape about this shit...

---
## [uli42/nx-libs](https://github.com/uli42/nx-libs)@[b55c66e8ab...](https://github.com/uli42/nx-libs/commit/b55c66e8ab3ed004043c54101aae8935ca7471eb)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 21:31:40 by Ulrich Sibiller

nxagent/Imakefile: remove ../../exports/lib

nxagent links system libraries that link against libX11. Unfortunately,
nxagent (and libXcompshad) require a modified libX11 version,
nicknamed libNX_X11, for proper functioning. Fortunately, this one can
act as a drop-in replacement for the system libX11. So we’ll hack our
way out: add a DT_NEEDED entry for libX11 by linking against the
system library when building nxagent and link the other system
libraries later and set DT_RUNPATH to a special directory containing
symlinks from libNX_X11 to libX11.

This tricks the loader into pulling in the "fake" libX11 version
without checking its SONAME and thus satisfying the DT_NEEDED entry
early on - specifically also for the system libraries.

Ex.:
readelf -a /usr/bin/nxagent | grep NEEDED
 0x0000000000000001 (NEEDED)             Shared library: [libX11.so.6]
...
 0x0000000000000001 (NEEDED)             Shared library: [libNX_X11.so.6]
...

If, however, you run the build a second time, it will find the newly
created libX11 links in ../../exports/lib (used as an additional
library search path) instead of the system libX11. The results in a
binary looking like this:

 0x0000000000000001 (NEEDED)             Shared library: [libNX_X11.so.6]
...

With such a setup, the whole magic falls apart and system libraries
will suddenly pull in the actual system libX11 file.

We initially believed a compiler call such as:

${CC} [--unrelated-options ...] [-Lunrelated_library_path ...] -lX11 [more
       options like -l and -L] -L../../exports/lib -lother_libraries

to do "the right thing" and link against the system libX11 (or, at
worst, a libX11 found in the library directory search list preceding the
link call) and use ../../exports/lib only for later linking operations,
since the order of options matters.

However, this turned out to be blatantly wrong: while the order of -L
arguments does matter for building the search path, the whole search
path including elements from *ALL* -L arguments (and the system paths)
will always be used when linking libraries.

Hence, (counter-intuitively to us) both these calls will be equivalent:

${CC} [--unrelated-options ...] -la -Loverride_liba -lb
      [-Lunrelated_library_path ...] -lc

${CC} [--unrelated-options ...] -Loverride_liba [-Lunrelated_library_path
       ...] -la -lb -lc

By removing LDPRELIBS from NXAGENTSYSLIBS, ../../exports/lib is no
longer used during building/linking and the binaries are built
reproducibly. We never intended to use this directory at link time
anyway.

---
## [ilammy/JustMonika.saver](https://github.com/ilammy/JustMonika.saver)@[bbbaa44760...](https://github.com/ilammy/JustMonika.saver/commit/bbbaa44760d6ceba900f20412c80b7a3298738f9)
#### Sunday 2020-01-05 23:02:59 by ilammy

Translations into "en", "uk", "ru", "jp"

Well, that's all that I know. For English it's straightforward, the only
tweak is to use typographically accurate quotes and apostrophes. Also,
drop the "Copyright" word from Info.plist because no one seems to use
it anymore in the software that I see on my Mac.

I'm a native Ukrainian and I got quite surprised to find out that they
translated "screen saver" as "екранний ефект". Even Russian "заставка"
is better than the usual calque "хранитель экрана". Seriously, it's like
as formal as you can get. I was initially quite pissed at that because
it made translation of the configuration sheet quite hard, if I were to
keep the joke. Well, eventually I thought up something.

As for Japanese... just bear with me and excuse me, okay? I can't do
much as on only second-year vocational student. I hope I did not insult
anyone too much there.

Oh, yeah, the joke. Here's what macOS uses a caption for the button:

  English:   Screen Saver Options...
  Ukrainian: Параметри екранних ефектів...
  Russian:   Настройки заставки...
  Japanese:  スクリーンセーバのオプション...

so I tried playing around that. English and Japanese use a straight take
on "options" which have the same connotations in both languages, while
for Ukrainian and Russian it had to be more creative.

Notifications were also quite hard to get right because of the limited
space. By some sort of miracle I was able to fit everything I wanted to
say in Japanese in two lines, even nicely split at sentence boundary.
(But yeah, I had to insert a space for the text to break before European
quotation mark that's customary for computer stuff.) However, Ukrainian
and Russian were not so lucky (oh, we love long words) so in some forms
they have lost some of the honorifics. Well, they sound weird anyway...

---

# [<](2020-01-04.md) 2020-01-05 [>](2020-01-06.md)

