# [<](2020-01-24.md) 2020-01-25 [>](2020-01-26.md)

1,228,777 events, 692,766 push events, 1,008,279 commit messages, 70,059,246 characters


## [Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure@e390a0417e...](https://github.com/Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure/commit/e390a0417e9fc85ae994bc204823eec2cccaf07d)
##### 2020-01-25 05:05:44 by dorthu

+ Bee Physics

Tonight, in our third Game Jam Friday (Friday Night Jam?  Whatever it
was called) Sara finished the graphics for the kitchen!  Which is really
exicting, and I'll publish the updated game tomorrow!

But that's not all - I spent like four hours working on bee physics.
I've clearly been away from the mathy side of game development for a
while, and after a few rough attempts at getting a bee to fly around
correclty, I figured out an approach that should seem pretty natural:
The bee has a point he wants to go, and an angle he's currently
travelling in.  Each step, he takes figures out the angle he wants to be
travelling, then turns as far as he can in that direction.  His velocity
increases if he's not turning much, but decreases the harder the turn
was.  The point he wants to reach is fixed, but he'll avoid your mouse
if possible unless you're holding the item he wants, in which case he'll
travel toward your mouse instead.

That sounds pretty reasonable, but I think I'm doing something wrong
geting the angle between two points, as it isn't working like I expect.

I also got an issue opened on github earlier this week asking for a
license to be added to the game's repo, which is wild; I didn't realize
anyone would care to look at the source.  So that's coming soon too I
guess.

It's now after midnight, my energy drink (bang! if you were wodnering)
is wearing off, and I'm turning in.  Update should be published
tomorrow.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@dbde2220a9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/dbde2220a9cadcaa319a031c51d428b07ac3dfa7)
##### 2020-01-25 11:41:37 by Marko Grdinić

"10:55am. I only got up 5m ago. Yeah, I'll definitely have that breakfast right away.

Today and tomorrow I won't be focusing too much on getting programming done as I have other things on my plate, but I'll try to get a little done.

https://blog.floydhub.com/gans-story-so-far/
Generative Adversarial Networks - The Story So Far

Yesterday I've been reading about GANs, and have spent a part of the night thinking about it. My usual habit would be to focus on the various issue with backprop and try to figure out how to fix them...but maybe that is the wrong way to go about it here.

For the first time I can feel it - maybe it is okay if the agent just dies during training. Maybe that is an intrinsic property of life.

My job isn't to fiddle with credit assignment. It is to break time and make the networks be capable of save/loading.

Deep down, I really am in awe at backprop. From a certain angle it really does all make sense and I cannot think of a better way to do credit assignment. It is both elegant, flexible and extremely resilient to attempts at displacing it.

11:05am. It absolutely is a brilliant idea to make the models continuous and then to calculate the effect of small changes. I'll give it that.

I am not going to worry or beat myself over not being able to figure out how to improve on that brilliant idea. Nature did it, but evolution's main trait its ability to emulate lateral thinking. Humans are much more focused in comparison, which has its benefits and weaknesses.

In the worst case, if the 20s turn out to be a bust and people can't do it, putting microscopes into the brain will clear things up eventually.

11:10am. I have to accept one thing though, every learning rule will have its weaknesses.

And what I will aim from here on out is to work around them at the meta level. My attempts to fix the bugs directly have all failed, so I will go for more inspired designs and hopefully make gains that way.

12:05pm. Done with breakfast.

Yeah, it is great that I can finally channel this feeling. I'd be really effective as ML user if I could stop myself from going down dead ends. I really needed this bitter medicine - sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is that something is irreducible. And sometimes reducing something even if possible results in a loss of structure, clarity and understanding.

12:25pm. Let me do the chores and then comes bath. After that I'll have the rest of the day to myself.

A bit by bit I am kindling this feeling into a flame. I will complete Spiral v0.2 and then I will be absolutely free to program the way I want.

I am going to ditch my nasty habits from the last two years and aim for my dream with what is my original power.

Without a doubt, all this work on PL has leveled me up in some ways, so even if I try to innovate, I can be sure that the things I will be doing will be out of reach for any kind of ML researcher. I am going to exploit this to it truest advantage.

I am going to stop messing around. When the time comes to make the ML library again, the first thing I will do replace the arrays in the allocator with weak arrays. I made a huge strategic blunder by not letting the GC manage memory. If necessary I will change compilation targets from .NET to something else if necessary in order to have that be robust.

12:35pm. This time there will be no more type leakiness, nor compilation slowdowns as the program gets big.

I will stop looking down on languages like C and take something good from them like the top level. I won't be arrogant and think that I can do without top-down typing either.

I am going to learn from the drumming that I've received and do things right this time.

Life is long and I still have time to do it properly.

The fundamentals of the situation have not changed. I am the one who has."

---
## [locutus2/Stockfish@9afa03b80e...](https://github.com/locutus2/Stockfish/commit/9afa03b80ea4610729427ee8287a5bbadba03e02)
##### 2020-01-25 21:46:12 by noobpwnftw

7-pieces Syzygy tablebase support

This is the first patch teaching Stockfish how to use the 7-pieces
Syzygy tablebase currently calculated by Bujun Guo (@noobpwnftw) and
Ronald de Man (@syzygy1). The 7-pieces database are so big that they
required a change in the internal format of the files (technically,
some DTZ values are 16 bits long, so this had to be stored as wide
integers in the Huffman tree).

Here are the estimated file size for the 7-pieces Syzygy files,
compared to the 151G of the 6-pieces Syzygy:

```
7.1T    ./7men_testing/4v3_pawnful (ongoing, 120 of 325 sets remaining)
2.4T    ./7men_testing/4v3_pawnless
2.3T    ./7men_testing/5v2_pawnful
660G    ./7men_testing/5v2_pawnless
117G    ./7men_testing/6v1_pawnful
87G     ./7men_testing/6v1_pawnless
```
Some pointers to download or recalculate the tables:

Location of original files, by Bujun Guo:
ftp://ftp.chessdb.cn/pub/syzygy/

Mirrors:
http://tablebase.sesse.net/ (partial)
http://tablebase.lichess.ovh/tables/standard/7/

Generator code:
https://github.com/syzygy1/tb/

Closes https://github.com/official-stockfish/Stockfish/pull/1707

Bench: 5591925 (No functional change if SyzygyTB is not used)

----------------------

Comment by Leonardo Ljubičić (@DragonMist)

This is an amazing achievement, generating and being able to use 7 men syzygy
on the fly. Thank you for your efforts @noobpwnftw !! Looking forward how this
will work in real life, and expecting some trade off between gaining perfect
play and slow disc Access, but once the disc speed and space is not a problem,
I expect 7 men to yield something like 30 elo at least.

-----------------------

Comment by Michael Byrne (@MichaelB7)

This definitely has a bright future. I turned off the 50 move rule (ala ICCF
new rules) for the following position:  `[d]8/8/1b6/8/4N2r/1k6/7B/R1K5 w - - 0 1`
This position is a 451 ply win for white (sans the 50 move rule, this position
was identified by the generator as the longest cursed win for white in KRBN v KRB).

Now Stockfish finds it instantly (as it should), nice work 👊👍 .
```
dep score	    nodes	    time
  7	+132.79 	4339    	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Nd6+ Kc5 Bg1+ Kxd6 Rxb6+ Kc7 Be3 Rh2 Bd4
  6	+132.79 	1652    	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Nd2+ Kd5 Rxb6 Rxh2 Nf3 Rf2
  5	+132.79 	589      	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Rxb6 Rxh2 Nf6 Rh1+ Kb2
  4	+132.79 	308      	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Nd6+ Kc3 Rxb6 Rxh2
  3	+132.79 	88        	0:00.00	Rb1+ Ka4 Nc3+ Ka5 Ra1+ Kb4 Ra4+ Kxc3 Rxh4
  2	+132.79 	54        	0:00.00	Rb1+ Ka4 Nc3+ Ka5 Ra1+ Kb4
  1	+132.7
```

---
## [captn3m0/constitution@6a327bb390...](https://github.com/captn3m0/constitution/commit/6a327bb390358c5215f27becb00b1f69dfcf2daf)
##### 2020-01-25 22:17:24 by Nemo

Ninety-seventh Amendment

See the PDF: http://legislative.gov.in/sites/default/files/amend97.pdf
SOR: http://legislative.gov.in/sites/default/files/99%20SOR.pdf

SOR Follows:

STATEMENT OF OBJECTS AND REASONS
The co-operative sector, over the years, has made significant contribution to various
sectors of national economy and has achieved voluminous growth. However, it has shown
weaknesses in safeguarding the interests of the members and fil.!fiIment of objects for which
these institutions were organised. There have been instances where elections have been
postponed indefinitely and nominated office bearers or administrators remaining in-charge
of these institutions for a long time. This reduces the accountability of the management of
co-operative societies to their members. Inadequate professionalism in management in many
of the co-operative institutions has led to poor services and low productivity. Co-operatives
need to run on well established democratic principles and elections held on time and in a free
and fair manner. Therefore, there is a need to initiate fundamental reforms to revitalize these
institutions in order to ensure their contribution in the economic development of the country
and to serve the interests of members and public at large and also to ensure their autonomy,
democratic functioning and professional management.
2. The "co-operative societies" is a subject enumerated in Entry 32 of the State List of
the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution and the State Legislatures have accordingly enacted
legislations on co-operative societies. Within the framework of State Acts, growth of
co-operatives on large scale was envisaged as part of the efforts for securing social and
economic justice and equitable distribution of the fruits of development. It has, however,
been experienced that in spite of considerable expansion of co-operatives, their performance
in qualitative terms has not been up to the desired level. Considering the need for reforms in
the Co-operative Societies Acts of the States, consultations with the State Governments
have been held at several occasions and in the conferences of State Co-operative Ministers.
A strong need has been felt for amending the Constitution so as to keep the co-operatives
free from unnecessary outside interferences
and also to ensure, their autonomous
organisational set up and their democratic functioning.
3. The Central Government is committed to ensure that the co-operative societies in
the country function in a democratic, professional, autonomous and economically sound
manner. With a view to bring the necessary reforms, itis proposed to incorporate a new Part
in the Constitution so- as to provide for certain provisions covering the vital. aspects of
working of co-operative societies like democratic, autonomous and professional functioning.
A new article is also proposed to be inserted in Part IV of the Constitution (Directive Principles
of State Policy) for the States to endeavour to promote voluntary formation, autonomous
functioning, democratic control and professional management of cooperative societies. The
proposed new Part in the Constitution, inter alia, seeks to empower the Parliament in respect
of multi-State co-operative societies and the State Legislatures in case of other co-operative
societies to make appropriate law, laying down the following matters, namely:(a) provisions for incorporation, regulation arid winding up of co-operative
societies based on the principles of democratic member-control, member-economic
participation and autonomous functioning;
(b) specifying the maximum number of directors of a co-operative society to be
not exceeding twenty-one members;
(c) providing for a fixed term offive years from the date of election in respect of
the elected members of the board and its office bearers;
(d) providing for a maximum time limit of six months during which a board of

directors of co-operative

society could be kept under supersession or suspension;

(e) providing for independent professional

audit;

(f) providing for right of information to the members of the co-operative societies;
6

7
(g) empowering the State Governments
and accounts of co-operative societies;

to obtain periodic

reports of activities

(h) providing for the reservation of one seat for the Scheduled Castes or the
Scheduled Tribes and two seats for women on the board of every co-operative society,
which have individuals as members from such categories;

(i) providing for offences relating to co-operative societies and penalties in
respect of such offences.

4. It is expected that these provisions will not only ensure the autonomous and
democratic functioning of co-operatives, but also ensure the accountability of management
to the members and other stakeholders and shall provide for deterrence for violation of the
provisions of the law.

5. The Bill seeks to achieve the above objectives.

NEW DELHI:

The 11thNovember, 2009.
SHARAD PAWAR

---

# [<](2020-01-24.md) 2020-01-25 [>](2020-01-26.md)

