# [<](2020-05-12.md) 2020-05-13 [>](2020-05-14.md)

2,775,318 events, 1,389,391 push events, 2,218,946 commit messages, 155,349,303 characters


## [Denu8thell/twitch-webhooks](https://github.com/Denu8thell/twitch-webhooks)@[23e6b3717e...](https://github.com/Denu8thell/twitch-webhooks/commit/23e6b3717e4082a29f1e5cdea58be473636f7cbb)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 00:04:51 by Brandon Johnson

FINALLY fix the vexing bug that made only queryparams count when calcing the webhookId

OK, so this actually kinda makes me mad. Express req objects
extend the http IncomingMessage object from nodejs. So,
I looked at the IncomingMessage docs, and found the req
property. Assuming that it would work as described in the
nodejs docs, I used it here. Dumb of me to assume that, I guess.
Turns out, that express screws with that property, and adds another
param (originalUrl) to actually refer to the URL. WHY? I don't know.
Honestly, why mess with the original spec when extending it? why add
an "originalUrl" field, and not a "mangledFuckedUpUrl" field with the
modified URL instead? A little wierdchamp, if I'm being honest. But
I found it out, don't worry. And yes, the Express docs do mention this
under their description for the originalUrl property.

---
## [GabrielAbdul/monty](https://github.com/GabrielAbdul/monty)@[2b21b3c9e9...](https://github.com/GabrielAbdul/monty/commit/2b21b3c9e9dadd49a5c0d6c7a714cc0808a4258d)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 04:09:37 by MenacingManatee

Holy shit this hurts my brain
I had to draw out the cell table for this one to keep track of all the junk I had in each cell

---
## [fivesanon/Warcraft-Guardians-of-Azeroth](https://github.com/fivesanon/Warcraft-Guardians-of-Azeroth)@[d3fd10363e...](https://github.com/fivesanon/Warcraft-Guardians-of-Azeroth/commit/d3fd10363ea5317b6467da4f4000a4ffe9b77806)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 04:13:58 by fivesanon

5/12/2020 worked alot, didnt get much done

-started on zul'aman
--Zuljin has dad!! (pog)
--it will be lots of chiefdoms that make up the kingdom of zul'aman, so far 2

-atal'ai
--leader is part of vol dynasty(dynasty of leader during first war start date)
--vassal of stagalbog/sorrowmurk is  of wan dynasty(dynasty of vassal during first war start date)
--independent murlocs on rotten beach, same dynasty as first war

-redridge
--did not fix missing vassals, someone please fix it i have no idea what i did wrong, its probably due to my inexperience

-localisations
--redridge pack

biggish issues
-redridge pack vassals not showing, tried fixing it to no avail
-funky shit going down in lakeshire, alther, and blackrock pass after gnoll wars start date, tried fixing it to no avail
-same counties as above wont show up under the redridge realm when you select ruler, i know i can fix it but im tired and want to sleep

---
## [jo2n64/FISSHEEESSS](https://github.com/jo2n64/FISSHEEESSS)@[1d3d1c90bc...](https://github.com/jo2n64/FISSHEEESSS/commit/1d3d1c90bcd1883da9e19c1b31ed0ee7e825d8ca)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 08:10:41 by jo2n64

suck my fucking dick github stop making me commit for shitty files

---
## [so1us2/FinTech-Domain---ADDEPAR](https://github.com/so1us2/FinTech-Domain---ADDEPAR)@[05bf549a99...](https://github.com/so1us2/FinTech-Domain---ADDEPAR/commit/05bf549a99f769da1617780826fed1fb50f26511)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 09:01:43 by so1us2

Create FUNDING.yml

Hello Avengers, your task is to co-create the fiercest open source community in the galaxy. Addepar OS is a group for all past employees, founders, partners, designers, builders, partners, job seekers, and anyone who wants to learn about Addepar. 

Avengers, please invite talented people to join the OS community!  The So1us team would absolutely be thrilled if you could be part of the AddeparOS community on linkedin. 

Be part of the solution for a brighter more magical egalitarian future and make your mark in history as a builder, world leader, and change maker. Email Build@addepar.com or Design@addepar.com 

Explore Partnership opportunities. Share why you love Addepar. Co-create civilizations impactful financial operating system. Be the highest standard and shape new industries. Build diverse communities and grow as world leaders and drive innovation.  

Welcome students, ethical hackers, job seekers, interns, artists, experts, content creators, designers, economists, collaborators, students, PHD's, MBA's, data scientists, growth hackers, full-stack engineers, developers, and the brightest minds today to grow around the globe one day together beyond the galaxy.  

Addepar is latin for the sum of two parts. Imagine a more wonderful world where impact is integrated with wealth management. 

Start contributing to the worlds impactful financial operating system founded by visionary Avengers who are solving the worlds toughest challenges. #addepar

We are living in an exciting era because we are able to bring people to space for the first time! We hope you are excited! Together we can organize a charity missions to Space to save lives! We have social impact projects pitched to us daily at So1us and would love to call upon our extended networks to help combat this pandemic and we are blessed to have opportunities for creative solutions from allies! 

So1us is building a new impactful partnership that aims at bringing the Addepar network and extended network all the way to space. We would love to discuss exclusive access to the earth's first space marketplace and luxury space yacht vacations with custom space voyages. 

Imagine being the first to vacation in a space yacht in the country of LEO located 50 miles from earth. Addepar's founding vision is to expand around the globe now what about beyond the galaxy? Now let's bring the Addepar OS Partners Client Network to space and eventually beyond the galaxy! 

#Addepar  #spacetravel  #spacerace #spacetourism #spaceflight #theimpact # #yachts #spacecraft #luxury #astronauts #covid19 #leadership #covid19 #java #python #mysql #opensource #mongodb #mobiledevelopers #mobiledevelopment #ios #android

---
## [NiekAukes/BtProject](https://github.com/NiekAukes/BtProject)@[0a64b02d6f...](https://github.com/NiekAukes/BtProject/commit/0a64b02d6fcfd98f807066e25fae3a4ff6d0757b)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 10:22:31 by Snotvlek

Added hovers to all the buttons, including the windows ones

fuck yes finally, god fucking damn it

---
## [MCPGamer/Soteria](https://github.com/MCPGamer/Soteria)@[3ebfb7d29b...](https://github.com/MCPGamer/Soteria/commit/3ebfb7d29b664c4bbbbea07167a5e8fd58bfcc23)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 15:50:16 by Duarte

FUCK THIS SHIT, Refresh fixed but hell nah am i looking at the delete error

---
## [githubfoam/lustre-sandbox](https://github.com/githubfoam/lustre-sandbox)@[37d7a2f40d...](https://github.com/githubfoam/lustre-sandbox/commit/37d7a2f40d732cba2611b26de7885686aafb14a5)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 16:56:30 by githubfoam

I just thought it was a cold-blooded thing to say to a motherfucker before I popped a cap in his ass.

---
## [LeptoFlare/nautilus-chambers](https://github.com/LeptoFlare/nautilus-chambers)@[7864587134...](https://github.com/LeptoFlare/nautilus-chambers/commit/786458713481a061fc05600c662d3722debf5d74)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 19:37:21 by LeptoFlare

Return ign in validator
I have severe depression now, this took me so goddamn long to find. How the fuck did I not notice this earlier. The validator doesn't even return the fucking value at the end and it screwed with me for a whole 3 days. I want to slam my head into a wall so bad right now. Programming is a passionate desperate struggle. Thank you Zada for the support. The last thing I needed after that was a putz stream.

---
## [jws85/Dotfiles](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles)@[6caa8c0a79...](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles/commit/6caa8c0a79799cc779c2e419011f14a21af13971)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 19:50:58 by J. W. Smith

Remove unattended-upgrades

Yes yes security blah blah DARKSIDED blah blah blah BLAH

Do any of you securityniks understand how ANNOYING it is to be doing
stuff in Firefox and then you're met with the stupid sad dinosaur
error[1] and now you have to EXIT OUT OF FIREFOX AND WAIT FOR IT TO
RESTART?

We're all at home using our devices to do things through web browsers.
What if this happened in the middle of a telehealth session?  What if
it happened in the middle of an important client presentation?

Yeah I could learn how to configure this package or something but you
know what, I don't care that much, since I manually run updates fairly
often (every week or two, or if I hear there's an important fix to
something on the level of heartbleed/shellshock).  And you know what?
IT'S MY GOSH DARN CHOICE TO DO SO.

At this point, I use Windows as a Wintendo, so I don't care so much
about its firehose of updates.  (Except when I want to play
something.)  But it's frustrating beyond belief on a workstation OS.

The only place I could possibly understand unattended-upgrades-like
utilities would be on something like a firewall or a publicly visible
box, where it'd be nice to get automatic security updates.

[1] https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3396686/76416764-fb92bd00-639b-11ea-853c-2290d9bb496f.png

---
## [piercemhickey/piercemhickey.github.io](https://github.com/piercemhickey/piercemhickey.github.io)@[d1649d93c5...](https://github.com/piercemhickey/piercemhickey.github.io/commit/d1649d93c5a2f7e5e30caf92cf7a15105a4056cd)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 21:02:37 by piercemhickey

Revert "fuck you"

This reverts commit d7497b7d04805f0332b2b263b9a31829fe5c543d.

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[b36484063f...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/b36484063f1dcf7928f848e78572d1e5d1d5a62b)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 21:17:03 by wm4

vo_direct3d: rip out texture video rendering path

This isn't useful anymore. We have a much better d3d11 renderer in
vo_gpu. D3D11 is available in all supported Windows versions. The
StretchRect path might still be useful for someone (???), and leaving it
at least evades conflict about users who want to keep using this VO for
inexplicable reasons. (Low power usage might be a justified reason, but
still, no.)

Also fuck the win32 platform, it's a heap of stinky shit. Microsoft is
some sort of psycho clown software company. Granted, maybe still better
than much of the rest of Silly Con Valley.

---
## [mill7079/repo-CSCI5611](https://github.com/mill7079/repo-CSCI5611)@[2c0f0ca574...](https://github.com/mill7079/repo-CSCI5611/commit/2c0f0ca574e19f3f020596c77dfbf2e80b0484f8)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-13 22:03:12 by Allison Miller

Add experience/obstacles
- Added experience/leveling system
- Added particle system and healing effect to grass tile
- Honestly I don't remember what all I added since the last commit
- I think I fixed the cave activated magic in this one too
- Changed restart function to go back to menu screen

---

# [<](2020-05-12.md) 2020-05-13 [>](2020-05-14.md)

