# [<](2020-04-05.md) 2020-04-06 [>](2020-04-07.md)

2,666,782 events, 1,264,233 push events, 2,004,260 commit messages, 154,675,852 characters


## [nogileyelsew/roll20-character-sheets](https://github.com/nogileyelsew/roll20-character-sheets)@[6e212befec...](https://github.com/nogileyelsew/roll20-character-sheets/commit/6e212befec6769fc6e0c58cfde7f715053abe098)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 00:05:56 by Medieve

Warhammer grimdark (#5353)

* Warhammer Fantasy 4e Tab Edition!

From Havoc:
- created tabs for easier scrolling
- fixed issue with Firefox buttons
- added Initiative (only Bonus tests add to tracker)
- fixed wounds, so you can now connect tokens
- expanded the notes (history, etc.)
- fixed issues with cursor
- added experience tab so you can write down what advances you took, the experience it cost and it will calculate how much EXP is left

From Medieve:
- Updated sheet preview.
- Reimplemented Translation tags
New tags that will be needed to be added to non-English translation sheets:

  "Melee-Parry": "Melee-Parry",
  "1-Yard": "1 Yard",
  "6-Yards": "6 Yards",

  "CONTACTS/FRIENDS": "CONTACTS/FRIENDS",

  "Fellowship-Yards": "Fellowship Yards",
  "Fellowship-Bonus-Yards": "Fellowship-Bonus-Yards",

  "Initiative-Yards": "Initiative Yards",
  "Initiative-Bonus-Miles": "Initiative Bonus Miles",
  "Intelligence-Bonus-Yards": "Intelligence Bonus Yards",

  "Willpower-Yards": "Willpower Yards",
  "Willpower-Bonus-Yards": "Willpower Bonus Yards",
  "Willpower-Bonus-Miles": "Willpower Bonus Miles",

* Update WFRP4Charsheet.html

* Update translation.json

---
## [ianjmacintosh/JavaScript30](https://github.com/ianjmacintosh/JavaScript30)@[5d333b9a0c...](https://github.com/ianjmacintosh/JavaScript30/commit/5d333b9a0ca57dee6f0596d00d954dd791588979)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 01:03:55 by Ian MacIntosh

🥩 Replace reference to missing image with a steak

Okay okay, so you don't have to use this picture of a steak my
girlfriend cooked the other night (but if you want to, please be my
guest, it was really tasty) -- but the original image that was
referenced here is no longer there. I couldn't easily find where that
image lived, so I just replaced it with a photo of a steak.

---
## [MyLegGuy/libgoodbrew](https://github.com/MyLegGuy/libgoodbrew)@[2e17512cdd...](https://github.com/MyLegGuy/libgoodbrew/commit/2e17512cddf9a88669164338f757e955cc0e6c62)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 01:11:54 by MyLegGuy

delete raylib backend

raylib is so bad it's amazing.
useless functions everywhere. not only is there a TextIsEqual, but it relies on strcmp. so it's guarenteed to be useless.
can you not program an fps counter yourself? well lucky you, because every single solitary raylib application has a DrawFPS function that uses the default font.
static buffers adding undocumented limitations and making normally thread safe functions unsafe
useless comments everywhere
programmed like somebody's first c program, messing up even basic things like passing structs instead of pointers.
relies on file extensions to determine file type. somehow nobody noticied it doesn't work with capital letters.
for some reason the window is intended (note that this isn't documented) to always open in the middle of your primary monitor. not only is that stupid, but he didn't program it correctly. enjoy the window being in a random position on your left monitor.
pings everybody every other day
website require javascript just to show a simple list of functions
thinks that copying outdated versions of other code means "no external dependencies"
	this is trying to appeal to windows users who don't know how to install a library.
	in addition it makes using your own modified versions of those libraries harder.
includes an entire default font which would never be used in a real game
	and a million functions which assume default font and million more where you specify your own font.
useless 3D stuff
claims to be c99, but makes mistakes everywhere. ex: https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/blob/2d6303e9fefd4f97a637ab650ad530896de7b3f1/src/text.c#L1367
while it has a million useless features, it doesn't have the ones you actually want like the ability to load an image from a FILE*.
can't even program a simple log output function without buffer overflow potential
i thought the compress functions were cool until i saw they were one line wrapper functions for another library. if i want them, i can just import that library.
https://github.com/raysan5/raylib/issues/686 - lol why not just make sure it's a valid url and nothing else? convert any single quotes to the url encoding along with any spaces.
generic function names which could clash with the user's. (only i'm allowed to do that.)
programming style reeks of "best practice" and inexperience.
	#define TRUE 1
	#define FALSE 0
	// check if true
	if (a==TRUE){

	   // returns true
		return TRUE;
	}
	// happens if the above isn't true
	else

	{
		// returns false
		return FALSE;
	}
if i had 17 paying me each month or hundreds of users, i would fix all libgoodbrew problems.

---
## [Xliff/p6-GtkPlus](https://github.com/Xliff/p6-GtkPlus)@[7ae14302bf...](https://github.com/Xliff/p6-GtkPlus/commit/7ae14302bf6ccf354025248f4587d7ca4e27d216)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 05:52:12 by Clifton Wood

- Fix scripts/GTKScripts.pm6 so that %config<libdirs> defaults to ./lib

-- On a personal note, this marks the last commit before a major 
refactor of the p6-GtkPlus... now the p6-GLib... family of applications.

- 370,000 lines of code over two years.
- Over 3,000 commits within the last year.
- Numerous beers consumed
- Countless hairs pulled

And an enourmous amount of help and support from the #perl6 (now 
#raku...see, lizmat!) family. I only have these words to share.

MY THANKS!

- To my dad
- To my grandmother
- To my uncle

I hope they are looking down and laughing, right now.

- To my mother... who has never given up on me and whom I love dearly 
(GET WELL, SOON!)

- And to God.

... And to YOU, dear user.

---
## [mfekadu/nimbus-transformer](https://github.com/mfekadu/nimbus-transformer)@[404326229c...](https://github.com/mfekadu/nimbus-transformer/commit/404326229c8b6e30ac379e3890766d64a0c52033)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 06:55:02 by Michael Fekadu

GooglePage fails too `answer:  Research Director.`

(nimbus-transformer) ➜  nimbus-transformer git:(master) ✗ ./run.sh
Courtesy Notice: Pipenv found itself running within a virtual environment, so it will automatically use that environment, instead of creating its own for any project. You can set PIPENV_IGNORE_VIRTUALENVS=1 to force pipenv to ignore that environment and create its own instead. You can set PIPENV_VERBOSITY=-1 to suppress this warning.
Courtesy Notice: Pipenv found itself running within a virtual environment, so it will automatically use that environment, instead of creating its own for any project. You can set PIPENV_IGNORE_VIRTUALENVS=1 to force pipenv to ignore that environment and create its own instead. You can set PIPENV_VERBOSITY=-1 to suppress this warning.

pyre     --hide-parse-errors     --search-path     /Users/mfekadu/.local/share/virtualenvs/nimbus-transformer-03ms5r62/lib/python3.6/site-packages/     --source-directory     .     check

Setting up a `.pyre_configuration` with `pyre init` may reduce overhead.
 ƛ Could not parse 2 files due to syntax errors! Run `pyre check` without `--hide-parse-errors` for more detai.
 ƛ No type errors found
open docs/index.html
To use data.metrics please install scikit-learn. See https://scikit-learn.org/stable/index.html
To use data.metrics please install scikit-learn. See https://scikit-learn.org/stable/index.html
nimbus_transformer
question: what is Foaad Khosmood's email?
query:  what is Foaad Khosmood's email? site:calpoly.edu

/Users/mfekadu/GitHub/nimbus-transformer/ntfp/ntfp.py:258: UserWarning: No parser was explicitly specified, so I'm using the best available HTML parser for this system ("html.parser"). This usually isn't a problem, but if you run this code on another system, or in a different virtual environment, it may use a different parser and behave differently.

The code that caused this warning is on line 258 of the file /Users/mfekadu/GitHub/nimbus-transformer/ntfp/ntfp.py. To get rid of this warning, pass the additional argument 'features="html.parser"' to the BeautifulSoup constructor.

  soup: BeautifulSoup = BeautifulSoup(page)
context:  what is Foaad Khosmood's email? site:calpoly.edu - Google SearchGoogleGoogle×Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.    AllVideosNewsImages Maps Shopping Books Search tools    Any timeAny timePast hourPast 24 hoursPast weekPast monthPast yearAll resultsAll resultsVerbatimFoaad Khosmood - Cal Poly, San Luis Obispohttps://cpe.calpoly.edu › faculty › foaadFoaad Khosmood. Office: 14-213. Phone Number: 805-756-2911. Email: foaad@ calpoly.edu. Homepage:CSC 466: Knowledge Discovery From Datausers.csc.calpoly.edu › ~dekhtyar › 466-Spring2012Additional appoinments: send email. ... Thursday, March 29: Dr. Foaad Khosmood will talk about Natural Language Processing in the lecture. You will continue ...My Tech Journey: Beatris Mendez Gandica Kennedy Library | Homehttps://lib.calpoly.edu › events › my-tech-journeyFeb 21, 2019 · Foaad Khosmood | email · Events · Gandica smiles while looking down at her laptop Beatris Mendez Gandica, Security Program Manager at ...Organization - Institute For Advanced Technology and Public Policy ...https://iatpp.calpoly.edu › organizationEmail Christine. Foaad Khosmood, Research Director. Foaad Khosmood is Forbes Professor of Computer Engineering and Associate Professor of Computer  ...Faculty Directory - Cal Poly, San Luis Obispohttps://cpe.calpoly.edu › facultyName, Email, Office ... Bruce DeBruhl · bdebruhl@calpoly.edu, 14-214. Foaad Khosmood · foaad@calpoly.edu, 14-213. Chris Lupo · clupo@calpoly.edu, 14- 254.[PDF] Categorizing Blog Spam - DigitalCommons@CalPolyhttps://digitalcommons.calpoly.edu › cgi › viewcontentsimply meaning 'unwanted emails' to a blanket term that encompasses any ... Thank you to my advisor Dr. Foaad Khosmood for the constant guidance and the.Conversations with Cal Poly Authors, Gerrymandering in America ...https://lib.calpoly.edu › events › gerrymandering-in-americaBrett Bodemer | Phone: 805-756-2203 | email ... His conversational partner will be Dr. Foaad Khosmood, Forbes Professor in Computer Engineering, whose ...California Impact | Cal Polyhttps://www.calpoly.edu › news › category › california-impactCalifornia Impact. professors Lindsay Grace, left, of the University of Miami and Foaad Khosmood of Cal ...Cal Poly and the University of Miami Team Up to Help Newspapers ...https://www.calpoly.edu › news › cal-poly-and-university-miami-team-help...Feb 12, 2020 · professors Lindsay Grace, left, of the University of Miami and Foaad Khosmood of Cal. Share. February 12, 2020. A $200,000 grant from the ...News | Cal Polyhttps://www.calpoly.edu › newsA Lot of Work — And a Lot of Fun · professors Lindsay Grace, left, of the University of Miami and Foaad Khosmood of Cal · California Impact · Cal ...Free Email Address Lookup | Enter Email & Search For FreeAdwww.infotracer.com/reverse_email 4.1   advertiser ratingComprehensive Reverse Email Search. View Email Records, Linked Websites & More. Search Anywhere On Any Device. Top Rated. Secure Searches & Payments. A+ BBB Rating. Millions Of Records. Unlimited Searches. Comprehensive & Instant.Reverse Email Lookup · Public Records Lookup · Police Records SearchFind Email By Name - Free | Search FreeAdwww.spokeo.com/Learn More About Family, Friends & Neighbors. Quick Results. More Accurate Data. Customer Support 7-Day/Wk. Background Search. Advanced Technology. Instant Results. Easy People Search. Lookup by name. Criminal Records.Search by Email · Search by Phone # · Search By Address · Court Records SearchBackground Profile Found | Foaad KhosmoodAdwww.mylife.com/Report includes: Contact Info, Address, Photos, Court Records & Reviews. Public Records Search. Reputation Protection. Who's Searching for You.Protect Your Privacy · Background Check · People SearchRelated searchescsc 482 cal poly>cal poly computer science faculty>cal poly cpe>cpes cal poly>cal poly canvas>cal poly classroom availability>e-plan cal poly>25live cal poly>  Next >  Sign inSettingsPrivacyTerms
Converting examples to features: 100%|███████████████████████████████████████████| 1/1 [00:00<00:00, 20.84it/s]
answer:  Research Director.
(nimbus-transformer) ➜  nimbus-transformer git:(master) ✗

---
## [nultero/astroplex](https://github.com/nultero/astroplex)@[df35a5b68c...](https://github.com/nultero/astroplex/commit/df35a5b68c6409f016c7ca249b210d4e9cc18895)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 07:23:54 by nultero

accidental nuke update

Committed heinous crimes. Gave main PC an accidental rain bath. Lost data and progress, somewhat recovered. No SSDs or extra RAM in sight for miles around. Running low on motivation and dog kibble — may have to raid neighbor's quarantine shelter for sustenance. 

Uploading a couple puzzles with this because I will have to reinstall my ubuntu OS. I've once again committed the cardinal sin of touching python's path, gotten upset, 'accidentally' recursively deleted a bunch of files and now gnome and the GUIs and the terminal left me for another man, and have excommunicated me from my own PC. Database and the text files are ~couple hundred megabytes so will just zip to drive. 

//

Actual news — some file structure for holoplex / explanation hub, main app is in better shape. Still have some way to go till it writes. Been doing setup, virtuals, and puzzle practice on the side while struggling with the machine learning and database parts of the text storage. Still not sure how the pipeline is supposed to work, because working with dataframes feels unintuitive. Shuffling them from huge arrays to csvs to text files etc, seems like it could be much more optimized and so I've left in SQL connections for when I can get it to print. I was trying noSQL at first, but that was a headache. Actual database would be ideal for combing vast amounts of text, novels' worth at this rate. And I still need to figure out proper regex to clean them.

---
## [Auros/ShareSaber](https://github.com/Auros/ShareSaber)@[85748b6e3e...](https://github.com/Auros/ShareSaber/commit/85748b6e3e1a4c624f52c8a7c45f55be943b1079)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 07:31:34 by Auros Nexus

attempted jwt, added and fixed discord stuff

This whole story began developing two days ago
And from that point on
These terrible events kept on snowballing
In a reign of terror that has not evaded
The main advice news reporters have been able to get from official sources is
To tell private citizens to stay inside their homes behind locked doors
A state of chaos and disorder is upon us
Will you take up arms?
Will you help us make our last stand?
The time is now
Let us be heard, as we sing our way into battle
The machine shall fall to the ground and vanish up into thin air
There is no wrong, nor is there right
Only freedom for which we fight
Beyond the land, across the sea, our adventure unfurls
In search of redemption, we find each other
We dream of home but never sleep
We find comfort in one another
In face of peril, we shall not flee
Because together we're stronger, much more than before
And feel the earth move, and hear the ground roar
So join us, my friend, let us see this to the end, as dark as the night may be
It's time to light up the sky with fire

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9c1981ff8f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9c1981ff8fa156338e4880157ac71e14ba1f7e0c)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 09:23:47 by Marko Grdinić

"8:50am. I've had some time during the night to think about how it might be done. I've worked out a lot of the details, but...

8:55am. Actually, no it would work. You could do an Elm style message pump using a scan at the top level.

9am. Let me do a tally.

I know how to do bindings, how to do dynamic UIs, and how to aggregate state. I think I have everything I need right now to do proper UI programming using Rx.

9:10am. Right now I am still thinking. It is great I can separate out the state, and make a message pump, but is there any alternative to using subjects to send messages? Subjects are like singletons.

9:25am. The solution - make multiples of them. Make a function that creates the top level and use it that way.

10am. In fact, you could do the thing Elm does using Rx directly. Recreate the entire view on every state change. The problem with that is that it would be incredibly inefficient. Still, that does meet some of the requirements.

In order to get efficiency you could do what I've been thinking - rather than the view being a pure function of state, split every component into an observable. Have the parents subscribe to their children. Do the mutation directly.

This would have the same effect, but in the end all you are doing is applying the optimizations manually.

10:05am. Still, it is important that I just sit here and think and internalize all these obvious equivalences. It is important that I know how to separate out the state using Rx should I want to.

All this is stuff that I had no idea how to do in 2016. Had I known this back then things would have been much easier. Sure, not fabulously easy, but still much easier than mutating all that stuff by hand and such.

10:25am. Ok, I see it. Rather than a pure view like Elm/Fabulous do it, another choice is to describe a virtual view like how they do it, but instead of diffing it on every state change, instead compile it into an observable chain of components. This would be quite doable and would be easy to make efficient.

This is how Svelte does it.

Just pass Observables in for properties, and for events just put in functions that create messages. The compiler can pipe that into the pump. For properties just subscribe to them.

Doing it this way would make it really easy to handle resource disposal and such.

10:30am. I think that a language like Svelte could do a better job here than piping raw disposables. It would have more room for optimizations, but this would be quite decent regardless. At worst, it would be a constant term slowdown compared to a handcrafted solution. The king would of course be the Elm pattern with Spiral's specialization.

10:40am. There might be some sync problems depending on how things are structured...but that would be an issue with the Elm pattern as well. Forget that.

The big advantage of compiling to observables like I have in mind, is that compared to the Elm pattern I could make use of efficient reactive data structures. This is something I would not be able to do even with Elm + Spiral combo.

10:45am. This is the way to go. It ties really well into FRP, and has enormous flexibility. With views I am afraid of how that would turn out in the case when UIs get big. I bet the diffing would get really slow in that case. Even Spiral has issues with branching that would require some slightly more elaborate solutions.

11:05am. For Elm style commands, I can just turn the list to an observable and then match on it.

Still, it might be better to just schedule commands async on a different thread. No need to trouble myself to do it all in one place.

11:10am. It has been a while since I did such in depth thinking on my own. This is pure library design running through my head.

It doesn't really make sense for me to make that library on my own, but if I ever get trucked into the past I do not want a repeat of 2016. Even without the Fabulous library, I should have the power to do it myself.

11:15am. Let me do a tally again.

I have the design for most of the library down. This really gives me quite a bit of insight into how Rx is supposed to be used. It is not at all obvious at first glance that this is how everything should be organized. I definitely could not see it back then. Even now I needed to think a good bit before finding it.

What am I missing? In depth knowledge of how Rx is made.

I should cover this at least.

Also I should take a look at the 1.5 hour course on cycle.js.

Then...

Well, I suppose I should study Fabulous a bit more.

11:20am. After that, I can start work on editor support for Spiral. The time is coming close when I will deal with it.

Let me take a break here. I've been really pushing myself hard recently. I should get back to a more leisurely pace."

---
## [hannahmetzler/cv19socmed](https://github.com/hannahmetzler/cv19socmed)@[e4da12aab3...](https://github.com/hannahmetzler/cv19socmed/commit/e4da12aab3a4cb93a13d6755a853f782e12244aa)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 10:08:01 by Hannah Metzler

updated data for Austria. updated reports for anxiety and prosocial for all countries. The analysis for Austria (covid_twitter_Austria) additionally contains positive emotions, sadness, negative emotions and social words. The report for Austria is a short version of this, with only plots for 2020, changes since the first case, and without negative emotions (these are a mix of sad, anger, anxiety, which changed differently).
The script functions_figure_settings.R is the new version of the script plots_percent_tweets.R which adapted functions to work for all emotions/wordlists. It is so far only used in the analysis for Austria.

---
## [Cloud-ROM/android_build](https://github.com/Cloud-ROM/android_build)@[029e714a31...](https://github.com/Cloud-ROM/android_build/commit/029e714a31ac89651e195c21a02c2f4235a4cd26)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 12:41:43 by Ricardo Cerqueira

Squashed commit of breakfast/brunch commands

We usually don't wan't all the devices in the lunch menu, so
we can now choose to pick up breakfast or brunch and get a
smaller selection of devices (i.e., those we support)

Make brunch more nutritious

* "breakfast device-name" will set up the environment, just like lunch.
* "brunch device-name" will actually do the whole setup and build :)

brunch: add a lazier mode

Since all of targets have a predictable PRODUCT_NAME and BUILD_VARIANT
(i.e., "aosp_$(PRODUCT_DEVICE)-eng"), brunch can now be invoked passing
just the PRODUCT_DEVICE ("brunch passion" for the N1 setup+build, for
example).
The "classic" long form of $(PRODUCT_NAME)-$(BUILD_VARIANT) can still be used
if desired ("brunch slim_passion-eng" still works).

breakfast in bed

breakfast in bed (aliased to "bib") is the baconless friend of lazy
brunch.
You can now use "breakfast passion", or "bib passion", to setup the
corresponding SLIM build without actually building it

Fix breakfast for the undecided

The menu presentation (i.e., giving no arguments to breakfast
or brunch) was broken, so if you didn't know the name of your
target you weren't given a list to choose from, just an error.

Change-Id: I85b8217daa2d511c16a1e82c700e1b0fadbb36ac
CyanogenNom: Now moar helpful!

---
## [youssef3453/Hello_world](https://github.com/youssef3453/Hello_world)@[03579536d3...](https://github.com/youssef3453/Hello_world/commit/03579536d30e46edad60843dca6af94807a643fd)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 12:55:16 by youssef3453

i am the best

so you guys suck and your codes are annoying so am making changes to fix your silly mistakes

---
## [xeonchen/gecko](https://github.com/xeonchen/gecko)@[1f4214db28...](https://github.com/xeonchen/gecko/commit/1f4214db289dc32f3433292293412d87be0875b2)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 13:46:02 by Emilio Cobos Álvarez

Bug 1624657 - Eagerly load autocomplete-input custom element. r=Gijs

My patch causes an interesting regression. We stop constructing custom elements
for the stuff inside the edit-bookmark-panel as expected. This means that the
autocomplete-input here:

  https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/rev/3f9e822318e8ec18ce673a9cb983d3608a3e2ed2/browser/components/places/content/editBookmarkPanel.inc.xhtml#81

Doesn't cause autocomplete-input.js to load. That means that it'll load by the
time the searchbar-textbox autocomplete is created, which means that it'll get
upgraded asynchronously. So far so good. However there's an interesting race due
to the way keypress event listeners are setup in autocomplete-input.js. In
particular, it uses the capture phase and the system group:

  https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/rev/3f9e822318e8ec18ce673a9cb983d3608a3e2ed2/toolkit/content/widgets/autocomplete-input.js#38

This means it'll race with the other native / system group event listeners that
get added by the editor component. This caused arrow-up / arrow-down to not work
on the searchbar because the custom element was upgraded async.

This kinda papers over the issue the same way editBookmarkPanel was papering
over it, but ideally we should figure out a way to not use the system group or
keypress there so that we don't race in this awful way. Separate bug, probably.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D69730

---
## [prashantpaddune/android_kernel_samsung_a7y18lte](https://github.com/prashantpaddune/android_kernel_samsung_a7y18lte)@[6ba69545ea...](https://github.com/prashantpaddune/android_kernel_samsung_a7y18lte/commit/6ba69545eae4746faec3b05a603d752a23e87f6e)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 13:57:03 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, fslmc, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here
     Add of to avoid backporting two larger patches]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>

---
## [jenkins-x/lighthouse](https://github.com/jenkins-x/lighthouse)@[61b8a3fe39...](https://github.com/jenkins-x/lighthouse/commit/61b8a3fe39274bcd109fcdf7d7acd4be747f1360)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 15:39:42 by Andrew Bayer

fix: Make sure we've synced the informer watcher for the webhook controller

I kinda hate all this logic - it's an ugly hodge-podge and I probably
_should_ just switch it back to mount-based, but I should really be
doing this here anyway. So...

fixes #627

Signed-off-by: Andrew Bayer <andrew.bayer@gmail.com>

---
## [lupus590/CC-Tweaked](https://github.com/lupus590/CC-Tweaked)@[2032e7a83a...](https://github.com/lupus590/CC-Tweaked/commit/2032e7a83af68e402d0174a6cd2ca8e2af0c010a)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 15:55:03 by SquidDev

Reformat everything

It's been a long time comin'
But tonight is the end of the war, my friend
Tomorrow only one style will remain.

---
## [SpiNNakerManchester/SpiNNFrontEndCommon](https://github.com/SpiNNakerManchester/SpiNNFrontEndCommon)@[f6b1311619...](https://github.com/SpiNNakerManchester/SpiNNFrontEndCommon/commit/f6b1311619362b969d30bf6829fc10fd0cf72736)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 16:08:30 by Donal Fellows

I've had enough of you, -Wmissing-field-initializers

I'm deliberately omitting fields, and setting the omitted fields to zero
*is* correct, and the warning just shits things up on Travis and not on
systems using a newer version of the compiler. Apparently it also
depends on the version of GCC in use. (This is just so idiotic.)

https://gcc.gnu.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=36750

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[fd6407ecae...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/fd6407ecae8d42e0f2b00a7f72b53c4ff4e53d97)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 16:08:58 by Marko Grdinić

"12:45pm. Done with breakfast. The next come chores.

But let me slack a bit first. What I will do when it is time to resume is go through that cycle.js course first. I want to get the easy stuff out of the way.

https://www.maa.org/external_archive/devlin/LockhartsLament.pdf
A Mathematician’s Lament

I'll read this later.

1:35pm. Done with chores. Let me read that thing and go through the course after that.

1:45pm.

> Worse, the perpetuation of this “pseudo-mathematics,” this emphasis on the accurate yet mindless manipulation of symbols, creates its own culture and its own set of values.

> And I haven’t even mentioned the lack of mathematical criticism in school. At no time are
students let in on the secret that mathematics, like any literature, is created by human beings for
their own amusement; that works of mathematics are subject to critical appraisal; that one can
have and develop mathematical taste.

The paper is really good.

Mathematical taste is something I only really got in 2019 thanks to my type theory effort.

2:45pm. This took me a while. Let me go through that course. To be honest, I am bored with just reading and studying, the design work I did earlier was much more interesting in comparison, but let do things according to plan.

With regards to `cycle.js`, the talk I watched was from 2015 and I want to see what the guy came up with in the newer versions.

2:55pm. https://egghead.io/lessons/rxjs-separate-logic-from-effects-in-cycle-js

Oh, rather than talking about `cycle.js`, he is actually going to build it. That is great. I expected this course to be a snoozefest, but you can tell by just the first 4m that it will be worth watching.

3:10pm. https://egghead.io/lessons/rxjs-read-effects-from-the-dom-with-click-events

Remember that problem I talked about yesterday of not understanding where the first step comes from. He tackles it right here.

3:15pm. It was roughly what I thought it would be, but what is the fake thing though? Wouldn't doing things like this run into issues?

Well, I suppose it work for him, but I'd much prefer the message pump version. Once this is done what I am going to do is ask around whether a library like I have in mind has already been done. Maybe I'll do a little proof of concept if not.

3:35pm. https://egghead.io/lessons/rxjs-fine-grained-control-over-the-dom-source-in-cycle-js

I admit I am not paying as much attention as I should since I am thinking about how to do my own library, but this is a really cool video.

3:45pm. I am falling into daydreams. I really am getting excited at the possibility of that proof of concept Rx UI library. I really want to do it just to check that it is possible and to show off a little.

3:50pm. Forget it for now. Let me just watch the videos and then I'll think about seriously doing it. It might be a good first project to refresh my memory of WPF.

3:55pm. https://egghead.io/lessons/rxjs-fine-grained-control-over-the-dom-source-in-cycle-js

I am reminded of that HN when one of the users raised issues with the component state. This would definitely be a problem with this sort of arrangement.

4:10pm. https://egghead.io/lessons/rxjs-read-text-input-in-a-cycle-js-hello-world-application

This guy is definitely a real programmer. He gets it. Though he did the wrong design.

4:20pm. https://egghead.io/lessons/rxjs-read-text-input-in-a-cycle-js-hello-world-application

It does need to be initialized with some state as expected.

5:10pm. http://codebetter.com/matthewpodwysocki/2010/02/05/using-and-abusing-the-f-dynamic-lookup-operator/

Since I do not want to write boilerplate for what is just a proof of concept, I'll refresh my memory of F#'s dynamic features and use those. It should be nice.

https://egghead.io/lessons/cycle-js-use-multiple-independent-instances-of-a-cycle-js-component

I can do better than this. I can make a library that combines all the benefits of Fabulous and having access to reactive extensions.

5:20pm. https://egghead.io/lessons/cycle-js-isolate-component-instances-in-cycle-js

I am not listening at all by this point as I do not like this, but since there is only a little bit left let me finish it. After that I'll call it a day. I definitely won't be pushing myself till 8pm like yesterday.

5:25pm. Let me do this, let me finish this. Then I'll ask online about doing the MVU pattern using reactive extensions.

5:40pm. Can't find anything with Google on the MVU pattern using reactive extensions. Let me ask on the PL sub then.

6pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammingLanguages/comments/fw1944/are_there_any_libraries_that_do_the_mvu_elm/
"It is used to do UIs. Here is [an example](https://fsprojects.github.io/Fabulous/Fabulous.XamarinForms/#a-basic-example). Also known as the Elm pattern, it was pioneered by Elm and is now being picked up by other languages in the form of libraries.

I've been studying both this and [reactive extensions](http://reactivex.io/intro.html), and I've realized that it would not be hard at all to implement this pattern by via compilation to a chain of observables of UI components. This would have the advantage of not needing view diffing and having access to the full power of reactive extensions at every point in the program.

Since I've spent time planning it out, I'll do a proof of concept of this if nobody else has done it. Google is not giving me anything, and some of the reactive JS DOM libraries I've looked at like `bacon.js` and `cycle.js` have different approaches."

I'll see what replies I'll get.

Right now, I feel like calling it a day. Today I've been low energy; I haven't really done much except dwell on this idea all day. I am really happy I came up with it. I feel that at this point I finally have a handle on UIs. This has been something I've been trying to master for years and I finally know the things I've been missing.

What I have now are two goals only:

1) Study Rx.NET's source. Find out how it is implemented in depth and what those other things in the project are.
2) Work on the MVU via Rx proof of concept library.

I'll give this thing a while to settle.

After I've cleared these two hurdles, I'll be ready to start work on editor support for Spiral. You can bet that I'll find a use for Rx there.

No monkeying this time around."

---
## [prashantpaddune/android_kernel_samsung_a7y18lte](https://github.com/prashantpaddune/android_kernel_samsung_a7y18lte)@[52a9c506d9...](https://github.com/prashantpaddune/android_kernel_samsung_a7y18lte/commit/52a9c506d9c387bb8228b241f92b927b2b5879e2)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 17:10:30 by J. Bruce Fields

nfsd: allow fh_want_write to be called twice

[ Upstream commit 0b8f62625dc309651d0efcb6a6247c933acd8b45 ]

A fuzzer recently triggered lockdep warnings about potential sb_writers
deadlocks caused by fh_want_write().

Looks like we aren't careful to pair each fh_want_write() with an
fh_drop_write().

It's not normally a problem since fh_put() will call fh_drop_write() for
us.  And was OK for NFSv3 where we'd do one operation that might call
fh_want_write(), and then put the filehandle.

But an NFSv4 protocol fuzzer can do weird things like call unlink twice
in a compound, and then we get into trouble.

I'm a little worried about this approach of just leaving everything to
fh_put().  But I think there are probably a lot of
fh_want_write()/fh_drop_write() imbalances so for now I think we need it
to be more forgiving.

Signed-off-by: J. Bruce Fields <bfields@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>

---
## [LaCue24/CPS-3320](https://github.com/LaCue24/CPS-3320)@[874aa0b3b5...](https://github.com/LaCue24/CPS-3320/commit/874aa0b3b5bd827dc08a4926b462e0607dc67b51)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 18:30:29 by LaCue24

Add files via upload

Background: 
How many times has it occurred to you that even after seeing, you don’t remember the name of the color? Evidently, there can be 16 million colors based on the different RGB color values, but we only remember a few. In this project, I will build an interactive program that will detect the selected color from any image. The colors being detected will have a sample given binary images using Python 3.7, Open Source Computer Vision Library (OpenCV) and Numpy. The very fundamental functions are used for processing the images, that involves loading them, and detecting various shapes and colors inside the given sample images. 

Hypothesis:
People who are color blind will benefit from this program. The program will allow the detection of a specific color in a livestream video content.  A video is composed of infinite frames at different time instants. We will detect the color of every frame one by one.

Data:
In this color detection Python project, I built an application through which I can automatically get the name of the color by clicking on them. For this, I have the data file that contains the color name and its values. Afterwards, I calculate the distance from each color and find the shortest one.
Colors are made up of 3 primary colors; red, green, and blue. In computers, I can define each color value within a range of 0 to 255. There are approximately 16.5 million different ways to represent a color. In the dataset, I need to map each color’s values with their corresponding names. I will be using a dataset that contains RGB values with their corresponding names. The CSV file for our dataset has been taken from colors.csv. The colors.csv file includes 865 color names along with their RGB and hex values.

Analysis Steps:
First. I take an image from the user. I used argparse library to create an argument parser. I directly gave an image path from the command prompt. Next, I read the CSV file with panadas. The pandas library is very useful library, I perform various operations on data files like CSV. pd.read_csv() reads the CSV file and loads it into the pandas DataFrame. I assigned each column with a name for easy access. Afterwards, I set a mouse callback event on a window. Then, I created a window that will display the input image I will then set a callback which will be called a mouse event. The callback function will be called the draw_function() whenever a mouse event occurs. Next, I created a draw function. It will calculate the rgb values of the pixel. The function parameters have the event name, (x,y) coordinates of the mouse position, etc. Continuing, I calculate the distance to get the color name. Finally, I display the image on the window. Whenever a double click event occurs, it will update the color name and RGB values on the window. Using the cv2.imshow() function. When the user double clicks the window, the program will draw a rectangle and get the color name to draw text on the window using cv2.rectangle and cv2.putText() functions.
Challenges: 
The main purpose is to detect various colors in a given sample image. The most challenging part in this task was to determine a color is a shadowy area. Shadows made the color darker than it already should be. Also, I had an error that would say “Traceback (most recent call last): File “color_detection.py”, line 1, in import cv2 ModuleNotFoundError: No module named ‘cv2’”. I found out that my python couldn’t find the module that I was importing. I had to download the OpenCV module, and type this in the command line:”pip install opencv-python”. Afterwards, it was working fine.

Results: 
In conclusion, Computer vision (OpenCV) can be used to solve the most intriguing problems with the utmost sophistication.  All the basics regarding the detection technique along with different ways to achieve it have been profoundly discussed.  



Reflection: 
In this Python project I learned about colors and how to extract color RGB values and the color name of a pixel. I have a better understanding of  how to handle events like double-clicking on the window and how to read CSV files with pandas and perform operations on data. This is used in numerous image-editing and drawing apps. If I do this project again, I would want to figure out how to detect the color in dark lighting. 

All in all, I’m glad that what I’ve learned went beyond the knowledge to this project. I learned that if I want to pick up a new skill or improve a skill, it is about having the commitment and putting in the hours to learn and practice. There are rarely any shortcuts. I have accepted that I learn faster when I’m working on a project, I’m passionate about. As I was really keen to build a website for my triathlon club, I picked up Ruby on Rails much faster than when I tried to learn Python by doing tutorials. It also helped that I was focusing on a few priorities. I learned how to search for answers myself. It would be great to have someone to help me whenever I’m stuck, but I might not be able to get help all the time. Thanks to Google and the nice code samurai at Kean who made countless resources and guides online, finding a possible resolution to a problem has become much easier. I learnt that I might not always find the best solution immediately, but I can implement whatever works for now and iterate when I find a better solution or gain more knowledge on the topic.

---
## [vincent-wagner/HFU](https://github.com/vincent-wagner/HFU)@[c2023164b7...](https://github.com/vincent-wagner/HFU/commit/c2023164b7196a7b00481ff6561a1da9be8b5494)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 19:34:06 by SnakeWithAnA

russian alu 3

Sorry SubLegion I didnt see you changed the french focus tree, I kinda reverted your stuff. I will try and fix some of it later
-Changed the French Focus tree a bit
-France starts with a new idea "Anti-Militarist Society" that gives civ construction buffs and mil construction debuffs until jan 37
-France starts with 14 mils
-Building slots in french africa increased and 50 steel was added in gabon so free france doesnt have to trade its entire eco away after capping
-France gets a national spirit until jan 40 called "The Phoney War" giving it -10% Attack and Defence
-Artillery has been made more affordable but is not as strong as before (Cost reduced by 0.5IC per level and stats reduced to 27, 35 and 42)
-AA and AT are equally as cheap as Artillery
-Gun Soft attack has been increased slightly (5, 8, 10.5)
-Gun Defence has been lowered by 2-3 points per level to encourage the use of 40w infantry and discourage the use of 20w infantry

---
## [mgattozzi/cedar](https://github.com/mgattozzi/cedar)@[fda64e1bae...](https://github.com/mgattozzi/cedar/commit/fda64e1baeea90acfdc8e85b751fb1659819753b)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 21:14:20 by Michael Gattozzi

Add a Code of Conduct to the repo

Codes of Conduct are vital to any kind of project. Mostly in that it
signals to those margianalized in society that they too have an equal
place at the table and that attempts to make that not happen are
unwelcome. I often think of this bit of explanation from Graydon, the
creator of Rust, about why they added a CoC early on in the project's
history:

'Well, I wrote the initial CoC and put the "We will exclude you from
interaction" phrase in there, so maybe I'll mention the impetus and
meaning.

I was given the opportunity to start a language project by my employer,
Mozilla corp. I'd had the experience of working -- both professionally
and on volunteer time -- with many PL communities in the past.
Communities that were prone to several norms of discourse that I found
extremely difficult to deal with, that would have prevented me, and
several people I knew and wanted to work with, from bothering to work on
a language at all. In other words: I would not have built the language,
nor participated in a project of building the language, if I had to
subject myself to the kind of discourse normally surrounding
language-building communities.

In other other words: the norms of other communities were already
excluding me.

So I wrote down the norms and behaviours that I knew chase people away
(including myself) and said look, in this community I'm setting up, on
these servers that my employer is paying for and paying me to moderate,
this behaviour is not welcome. It's a big internet and we can't prevent
people from behaving how they like in their own spaces, but we can
control who we interact with in online spaces we set up. So these are
the ground rules for those spaces.

I was careful to chose the phrase "exclude from interaction" because,
in practice, that's all one can control on the internet, and it's silly
to pretend one has more control over a situation than one does. I can't
control what you do on your time, on your own servers, on your corner of
the internet. I can only control who I interact with.

As it's happened, lots of people felt the same way: the rust community
has attracted and retained a lot of people who did feel they were
repelled from other PL communities because they're so aggressive, so
abusive, so full of flaming and trolling and insults and generally awful
behaviour, that they had given up even participating. Many people have
found a home in the rust community that they had not been able to find
elsewhere.

Some people, naturally, feel that the norms spelled out in the rust CoC
makes them feel excluded. To which all I can say is, yes, it's true: the
rust CoC focuses on behaviour, not people, but if there's a person who
cannot give up those behaviours, then implicitly it excludes such a
person. If someone just can't get their work done effectively or can't
enjoy themselves without stalking or harassing someone, or cracking a
sexist or racist joke, or getting into a flame war, or insulting their
colleagues, I suggest they go enjoy the numerous other totally viable
language communities.

Or heck, fork the community if you like. Make the "rust, but with more
yelling" community. Big internet. Knock yourself out.'

I am more than willing to exclude people who have nothing better to do
than to make peoples lives worse. I only have so much mental energy
I can spend in a given day and I'm not gonna spend it dealing with those
who are malicious intentionally or otherwise.

---
## [BasilcM/Chat-Bot](https://github.com/BasilcM/Chat-Bot)@[6a34651fc1...](https://github.com/BasilcM/Chat-Bot/commit/6a34651fc1d4bed7e4cf3623cabf4c5d9d38a222)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 21:16:51 by Basil Chacko Mathew

Create README.md

Some people genuinely dislike human interaction. Whenever they are forced to socialize or go to events that involve lots of people, they feel detached and awkward. Personally, I believe that I’m most extroverted because I gain energy from interacting with other people. There are plenty of people on this Earth who are the exact opposite, who get very drained from social interaction.
I’m reminded of a very unique film called Her (2013). The basic premise of the film is that a man who suffers from loneliness, depression, a boring job, and an impending divorce, ends up falling in love with an AI (artificial intelligence) on his computer’s operating system. Maybe at the time this was a very science-fictiony concept, given that AI back then wasn’t advanced enough to become a surrogate human, but now? 2020? Things have changed a LOT. I fear that people will give up on finding love (or even social interaction) among humans and seek it out in the digital realm. Don’t believe me? I won’t tell you what it means, but just search up the definition of the term waifu and just cringe

---
## [UtopicUnicorns/mint-bot](https://github.com/UtopicUnicorns/mint-bot)@[c55cc0d7f5...](https://github.com/UtopicUnicorns/mint-bot/commit/c55cc0d7f579881e257a02553646315d2011c8a3)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 21:50:12 by UtopicUnicorns

V2.1

V2.1
-- Unified Modules into NPM.js
-- Worked around discords api spam
-- more fuck you

---
## [ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website](https://github.com/ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website)@[50db65653a...](https://github.com/ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website/commit/50db65653adc7337f471fe34a69569ad4c0d7cd7)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 22:33:17 by ChrisMathews393

FUCK A LINK BITCH

Finally got the stupid fucking dumb fuck link to work because apparently if you don't put www it can't read. Also fixed some borders and shit gotta see how it looks on mobile

---
## [legodps/arc-article-pipeline](https://github.com/legodps/arc-article-pipeline)@[51aa0c73be...](https://github.com/legodps/arc-article-pipeline/commit/51aa0c73bedb01e987ab14fbc9ebf2b7b05c8aa1)
#### Monday 2020-04-06 23:29:52 by David Sander

Finishes unit tests for file_utils and adds unit tests for arc_runner.py

Just more unit tests, only one file left to add tests for then I can begin running the project.
My god though, adding the unit test for evaluate_articles was a huge pain though. I guess
its more of an integration test but it sucked baaaaaaad

---

# [<](2020-04-05.md) 2020-04-06 [>](2020-04-07.md)

