# [<](2020-08-18.md) 2020-08-19 [>](2020-08-20.md)

2,482,546 events, 1,253,932 push events, 2,008,371 commit messages, 146,596,742 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[728d1ca524...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/728d1ca5243286f3ab277ea1232a748dec7889ad)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 01:20:28 by tralezab

cleanup the corpse file, cleanup stationstuck component, adds stationstuck to the reanimated skeleton (and zombie, why not) (#52940)

all living spawners in corpse.dm are now in ghost_role_spawners. I hate having to search two different files to HOPEFULLY find which ghost role I need to edit.

Added a disclaimer about giving guidance or at least stationstuck component to stuff so this doesn't happen again

Cleaned up stationstuck. Man, I know I made this, but damn I did kind of a shit job

---
## [PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod)@[9a15563700...](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod/commit/9a155637002a5f70ea3544cd961773d05dc03349)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 06:20:45 by PhoenixBladez

v1.4.0.5/1.4.1 fixes

-Death Rose buffed significantly: Cooldown reduced to 4 seconds, freeze time increased by 1.5x
- Outlaw, Rice Paddy Hat now show hair
- Trophies sell for 1 gold each
- All recipes involving Astralite now take less
- Fishing enemies now do not break lines
- Spread out sepulchres to not only spawn in the inner thirds of the world
- Slightly increased Stardancer Spawn Rate
- Starplate Beacon can be used at any time, only takes 2 Energized Metal instead of 3
- All bosses take up more npc slots now, preventing most enemies from spawning
- Greatly (and I mean significantly) increased Vibeshroom spawn rates
- Briarthorn Slime now drops Bezoars (1/90 chance)
- Nerfed Spore Wheezer, removed gray pixels from its glowmask
- Astralite Armor set bonus cooldown now triggers as soon as the projectile is created
- Gore Impaler inflicts ichor for a longer period
- Staff of the Dark magus rarely inflicts Cursed Inferno
- Increased Gate Staff activation distance to 18.75 blocks
- All Death Sounds and Quest SFX aren't affected by music fading out and have a consistent volume
- Desert Nighttime track now plays during Blood Moon
- Granite and Marble themes don't play in the Spirit Biome
- Neon Candles now emit more light
- Large Tech Crates can now be stacked up
- Dusk and Dawn Stone now obtainable
- Blossom Hound now drops its banner
- Gladiator Spirit, Lumantis, and Astral Amalgam no longer turn yoyos hostile, nor minions
- Fixed Gore Helmet rarity and sell price
- Turquoise Lens now correctly says Mystic Moon instead of Blue Moon
- Fixed placement issues with Soulbloom Seeds
- Magnet Hooks now do not hook onto missing tiles
- Granite Slime projectile sound now pans properly
- Starplate Voyager should now correctly drop its treasure bag
- Vinewrath Bane's message about rain ending now only displays once
- Deleted Hedron
- Clatterbone Leggings are now obtainable
- Fixed Runic Hood granting too much damage
- Fixed Auroras occassionally not appearing while the event occurred
- Winterborn Herald can now be targeted by minions and npcs
- Beds now correctly count as chairs
- Edited Jump pad Tile sprite to be taller and to allow things to stand on it without looking weird
- All Dressers, Chests, and Doors now have Smart Interact (except the old outdated Spirit Wood Furniture)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[02a85e4fab...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/02a85e4fab228e7079d02cfb3f30b7337662d02c)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 09:21:15 by Marko Grdinić

"10:20am. I went to bed early, but I got up late. But at least I slept well and am not as groggy as usual.

Let me chill for a while and then I will start. New Ass Pride is out.

No matter how I look at it, my programming journey is like a nightmare. I am doing unpaid labor for some far off goal, just spending my life for it. But it does need to be done.

I will only be free once I am done with Spiral. I might have finished the typechecker, but it is not the time to relax yet. I released my tension too soon. Burden and pressure is my present.

I am really unlucky. It is a cruel and unusual punishment that all the power I am getting from making Spiral has no bearing upon the real world. And even if I win, the real world will only be about programming. Too bad about the NPCs. I regret it, but it is not my fault. I only saw the future and made to grasp it. I am not the one who created this universe. I deserve none of the blame for the state of the affairs that will come.

We will all get what is coming to us.

So I must take courage. At this point I am at least halfway done with Spiral v0.2. I can afford to keep going for another two months, that is for sure. I will finish the language and then leave it up to fate. If I can get my hands on those chips, that is fine. In that case I will continue with my plan of continuing to build my programming skills. I'll try to make that poker agent. If not, I'll take a much deserved break from all of that and focus on money just for a bit.

10:30am. The real world is so unfair. Why is it the normies who get all the smooth gradients while I toil away in irrelevance?

Well, I am smart so I know why - because they collectively create the outside. The outside is not nature - it is a bubble created by them. If I want a world where people like me can prosper words and theories are not enough. I need a power strong enough to burst it beyond repair.

10:35am. I can wail at this, but I must always remember that power is worth it for it own sake. My past is nothing but a distraction. The rational agent would just act with his future best interests in mind. Morality should be subservient to that.

Compare programming now to programming of 30 years ago. And imagine what it would be 30 years hence even if it wasn't for the Singularity. It will be something completely different. I need to grasp some of that benefit today.

And for that I need Spiral.

I need to eke out just this single edge. In 2016 I really developed my current style of programming, in 2018 I rebased it so it includes staging, and now I will perfect it.

With Spiral v0.2, no matter what kind of hardware comes out, I will be able to have a perfect handle on it. I proved that I can do this with GPUs. I just need to go a little bit further.

10:45am. Back in late 2018 I had essentially hit a wall in terms of productivity. It was not really obvious in April 2018 when I had really started using Spiral for serious things, but six months later, I was sick of how much the language was making me work. I could not bear it.

There is a certain kind of self pity that comes from that. All the wins were did not matter, but all the losses did. I could definitely look at Deepmind and OpenAI guys with barely constrained envy.

10:50am. I guess this is what I will be doing today - just ranting. My mind is weak and I need to fortify my drive. I am not a machine. Even though I know what my purpose in life is, and what I should be doing right now, sometimes the tedium of it overcomes me.

This is the greatest insult of all to me. If it were the Inspired, they would always have the strength to believe in their purpose. But inefficient as it is, feeling bad about not fulfilling my goals will get me back to them.

Oh yes, one of the reasons I am holding off on resuming Simulacrum is because seeing characters believe in their purpose is just too painful for me right now. I can barely constrain my envy for fictional things.

11:05am. There isn't a person that I know of exists that I look up to, but if somebody could do all that I am doing now without regret and with supreme fervor, for once I would accept such a person as my superior.

Ahhhh...the Inspired Desire. It is so near and yet so far away. It is beyond a wall made of glass. I can see it, but I cannot grasp it.

11:10am. Let me commit here, and finally actually do my chilling instead of just brooding. A bunch of things are out, and when I get back, I think I will just spend the day in bed until I get the feeling to do it. Eventually, as I imagine doing editor support, the arduous labor I did on the typechecker will become a distant memory and I will break my shackles. I need to warm up towards the typechecking server.

The best way to do it is to keep rolling it around in my mind."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[767e9029d5...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/767e9029d5010846e1dc17c6321a125986c2c7f5)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 11:19:56 by Marko Grdinić

"12pm. It is important to enjoy the struggle in life.

When you are strong, the challenges seem like good fun. The life of battling demons in hell seems like entertainment.

When you are weak, it feels like you are going to die tomorrow and yet there is so much work left to be done. You forget that the struggles were once enjoyable. You can't stop thinking about the past.

12:05pm. The work on the typechecker just blew through my mental reserves.

Right now, what I need the most aren't necessarily schematics for how to do editor support. Rather it is hope. With enough strength, the despair becomes hope itself. With enough strength, hell becomes heaven.

12:10pm. I need to remember the feeling of power.

1:15pm. Done with breakfast. Let me read the two Ancestor Is Acting Like A Loli chapters and I will go to bed. To be honest, I do not feel like reading even this. Yeah, actually forget it. Let me just go to bed, and I'll try to grab on to that feeling of confidence. Forget useless fiction.

The story being carved out in one's own mind is always the best story. I just have to make up my mind to impose it upon reality. The inner conflicts need to be resolved.

Let me shut down for a while. This is what I want to do.

Until Spiral is done, all fiction is useless. Programming is what I should want to be doing. I tread it as a burden, but this is the only thing in life worth doing. I need to remind myself of this."

---
## [swagindustries/Melodiia](https://github.com/swagindustries/Melodiia)@[e77d9941ca...](https://github.com/swagindustries/Melodiia/commit/e77d9941ca60a8941a294c9b85fd1d6bbe0bd545)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 12:56:31 by Nek (Maxime Veber)

refactor(doc): remove documentation management

Fix #5

This commit mostly removes features from Melodiia. I do it because after
experimenting automatic documentation I stated that this is mostly
stupid.

Automatic documentation generates inaccurate documentation. (we had
tests that the doc was at least valid and were putting effort so it is
valid) The point is that it was kinda useless and so incomplete. It was
an absolute requirement to use the phpdoc to make it right.

The problem is that writting phpdoc for the swagger documentation is an
infinite pain. Writting it in yaml is so much easier.

So this commit removes automatic doc and support for phpdocs in favor of
adding a new controller that will automatically load a given yaml file.

---
## [WebsterJeremy/zero-heroes](https://github.com/WebsterJeremy/zero-heroes)@[e0a23cce56...](https://github.com/WebsterJeremy/zero-heroes/commit/e0a23cce5607e2f945f4f16c956fbee720da1fdf)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 15:13:00 by Jeremy Webster

Task System / City Scene

- Added UI elements for time, money, energy, task log, and action buttons on the HUD, for use in the Quest/Task System.

- Created a new City Scene, this is for the Art Team to get more inspiration about the game’s direction and playstyle such as: (Similar to what the player  would experience in their daily life) [Asserts used: https://kenney.nl/assets/roguelike-modern-city]
	- Working to earn money
	- Tasks to complete
	- Exploring of the game world
	- Using your vehicle to get around (Could the player purchase an eco-friendly car or take public transport or ride a bike?)

- Added more functionality for the Pathfining System (Still not fully implemented)

---
## [Jolomann/etterna-united](https://github.com/Jolomann/etterna-united)@[348b3c839a...](https://github.com/Jolomann/etterna-united/commit/348b3c839adcc586cbd0048e6f5dfd9dfeab44e8)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 15:20:37 by Jolomann

Song select placeholder pt7

- Restructure 'ScreenSelectMusic overlay' into multiple files under folder 'ScreenSelectMusic decorations'
- Song select scoreboard with random avatars, names, and judgecounts. They only update on screen entry
- Grade lamps on songwheel (not working yet, just shows as no score)
- Fix gameplay healthbar starting as empty
- Remove "(Wife3 JudgeX)" from evalscreen
- Adjust ScreenInit auto continue timings
- Fixed broken ass combo holy shit it was bad

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[417449703e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/417449703e85171e183af50b757987755ce0583d)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 18:08:25 by Marko Grdinić

"6:25pm. I've been in bed long. Yeah, these mediation sessions do wonders for my will.

Today's main theme was definitely wizards. I've been thinking about wizards and hard work.

To me, hard work was always something to be avoided. I always considered hard work to be a mistake. And with regards to money, I would only consider it validly made if it was easy. The main reason I really failed at trading is because I could never allow myself to get a job so I could get a stake.

Money...is not an actual power, anymore than social status is. Sure it is a half power, but it is a means, not an actual end. No matter how much money you have, you will never have more than the guys with the authority to just print it. And social status to the weak willed might seem everything, but how do you know you aren't some monkey competing for prestige amongst other monkeys?

If I went in Africa to live in the jungles, I would not have the urge to be respected by various species of animals living there.

6:55pm. I do not necessarily see the others around me as animals, but if you look at history, you get the sense that believing society and culture is not the best thing to do. I do not really get the sense that people in general undertand their place in history. I do look down on them for that. They have too careless. They are too willing to blindly believe the force known as culture.

I haven't done this right. Though I took a step away from society, I had not internalized the right values.

Take the Singularity for instance. It will most likely happen late in this decade, and if not, Kurzweil's timeline should hold regardless.

But that is not what I should believe in because such a belief won't matter either way.

What I need to believe in are things that if it does happen according to schedule will let me take advantage of it.

I need to aim for wizardry.

A good story would be one of a mediocre wizard mastering one spell tier every decade. I get it - it would be better if the wizard mastered a spell tier every few years. It would be even better to master it in just a year or every few months. It would be better if he was a genius.

But such a thing is not 'realistic'.

Really, the one thing chinks get right in their stories is respect for elders. Where else, but in cultivation novels do you get old people actually being useful? It is a reflection of their real world attitudes.

Now, actual real world old people are pretty useless, but training people to respect them is probably better than training people to pray to truck-kun for help. Cultivating for decades or studying magic, either is better than hoping for a chance in your next life.

Life is long. I can't live it thinking I am going to upload myself in less than a decade. Or that I will be able to make Skynet in that time.

The ideas I've come up with are ultimately cheap. The one who wins will be the one who really enjoys programming.

7:20pm. I want to program. I honestly feel like that. But I do not want to be rushed. It is fun to design things in your head first. Trying to force that is the opposite.

Here I am having trouble starting editor support. I want to finish Spiral as soon as possible, like in the next few months so I can get on with 'bigger and better' things.

But really, work on Spiral is the work on my foundation. Even if I become some godlike being in the future, literally nothing will be more important than the work I am doing right now.

I should be just fine letting it take longer. I can afford to play for a year or two. That is how thing will go. Yes, in a few months I will have it in a usable state, but it will take me a while longer to make it really polished.

Money or respect does not matter. When you start whining about that, you know you've failed at life.

7:25pm. I'll let this part take as long as needed. Once I am able to cast spells, I'll go to town and sell a few scrolls and magic items of my making. That is the way things go.

Instead of building my power properly, I wasted time in school and then wasted some more trading after that. Late starts, lack of talen, those are all disadvantages.

But the Singularity might take a while, and I might end up living surprisingly long. My grandfaster lived up to his 80s I think. So that means roughly that I have 50 years in which to do programming left.

I have to be like a wizard. Master the foundations, master low level spells, master the mid ones and so on.

Personal power is what is really important in life. Or rather, the effort taken into building it is. The belief in that effort is the most important thing.

7:30pm. Technology is always a play with power you do not understand. True understanding would be the ability to see everything. What humans call understanding is merely having a good story. Up to this day, nobody has every explained inspiration.

Thus far, the benefits of technology have been directed to the individual through society.

But 'society' is not the one working on programming languages. It is not the one trying to master new techniques. Society is not the one trying to transform itself. Society is only willing to pay lip service to progress, it does not have what it takes to harness it.

I want programming one day to be as powerful as real magic. I need to be willing to work for this goal.

Isn't the real reason I've started so late on it is because it is so looked down on? Even though I had talent, I knew pretty well that being able to program in Basic and Logo is quite different from being able to cast fireball.

7:40pm. I won't let this stand.

Would it not be great if somebody came along and changed the status quo.

Sure, normies would get fucked in such an environment, but one can consider that as a side benefit. If they cannot contain the flame, they should not be playing with sparks.

7:45pm. A good philosophy should be all about personal effort. If one does not desire to work, then one should first desire to have that desire.

Was doing the typechecker that strenous?

Did I not learn how unification works? Did I not get something out of that effort?

I was really much more patient during the first six months than now.

7:50pm. Work is a nightmare. Especially during the low power segments like now. But even then, if you accept that curse, you become free from other chains.

Like for example, had I the resolve to do what I am doing now, I could have skipped high school entirely.

I had not really changed during the time, so all that decision would have done is bring me destiny 12 years closer.

7:55pm. Right now programming is just an excuse, but is stopping me from having to stock shelves, or some other kind of meaningless work.

...Yeah, I can't forget that either. I should remind myself of what the alternatives are to being a wizard every time I do not feel like it.

8pm. Let me stop here. Maybe I will meditate on it tomorrow as well. Right now fatigue is hitting me like a ton of bricks. Churning my brain at max capacity while standing still is very mentally draining.

Either I will spend one more day like this, or I will reassert my determination tomorrow and get back to my usual pace.

So far, my mode of operation was to get every advantage available before I start. I am a complete madman who has done that for over 5 years and counting. A few years more won't hurt before I graduate to the next level.

One last thing, before I close. If Spiral is the foundation, that does mean that the others are operating with broken ones. In this competition against the world, I won't let the chance slip. Either way, I will get what is coming to me.

My language will be supreme."

---
## [khazhyk/dango.py](https://github.com/khazhyk/dango.py)@[bc1a08444e...](https://github.com/khazhyk/dango.py/commit/bc1a08444e1d00e7efb5520978a1cbcc98fefb2a)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 21:29:14 by khazhyk

try running w/ rapptz

We can't run directly at rapptz cuz of unmerged PRs, but
we can try and rebase...

travis is also awful about putting inline scripts in the yaml wow
and holy shit it doesn't run the install in a separate subshell from the rest?!?

---
## [kristjanmoore/EIG](https://github.com/kristjanmoore/EIG)@[3a6c71aba6...](https://github.com/kristjanmoore/EIG/commit/3a6c71aba67178e7397dd18a31101f81540253fc)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 22:24:51 by kristjanmoore

Increase max ID length
Look, I like having nice, long, descriptive FIDs in my PLINK
files. Is that so wrong? Why should I have my aspirations
throttled to a meagre 39 characters? Why can't you let me
dream, Nick and Alkes? Do you enjoy seeing me suffer? Does
a twisted smirk creep over your face when you think of me
sat in front of my terminal, sobbing, as I take my beautiful
FID children, admiring their <COUNTRY>_<REGION1>_<REGION2>
frame one last time, behind the shed, turn my head, and pull
the shotgun's trigger?

I hope this doesn't break anything.

---
## [Bootleg-P/frameworks_base](https://github.com/Bootleg-P/frameworks_base)@[6df5da76a6...](https://github.com/Bootleg-P/frameworks_base/commit/6df5da76a6f8022afffd2041fd243e27b19e0b63)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 22:49:32 by Alex Cruz

Set scrollview on the power menu

So why? Because fuck you that's why...

No, you need this for if and when we decide to add more items to the power menu and the
density is too high. Previously if you had more than 5 items, it would cut you off. So
you either had to decide which 5 items you wanted or deal with the jank. That's no longer
the case.

- Added a landscape view so we can set a horizontal scrollview

- Made the power menu dialog all one color. Josh and I talked about this and I previously
made the case to keep it the same but after thinking it over, it looks better all one color.

Change-Id: I8ec4b1a85994251126433cea0640e000af78c65d
Signed-off-by: AKabhishek <abhishekkaushik.star@gmail.com>

---
## [KurtzPT/Sharkive](https://github.com/KurtzPT/Sharkive)@[870001680b...](https://github.com/KurtzPT/Sharkive/commit/870001680ba08b3f0d67f16e7c852e5705b4656f)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-19 23:00:42 by Journey

DB Update

Sorry that there hasn't really been any updates to the database in a while, life has just been kinda idk all over the place and prob will continue to be that way for a long time.. We need more PR's!

---

# [<](2020-08-18.md) 2020-08-19 [>](2020-08-20.md)

