# [<](2020-09-13.md) 2020-09-14 [>](2020-09-15.md)

183,108 events, 95,126 push events, 147,275 commit messages, 11,743,075 characters


## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[c96017ab0c...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/c96017ab0c3613ad69214e4bdcf7f5b44ae72161)
#### Monday 2020-09-14 22:02:48 by Terry N. Muse

coil vacuum is much stronger
reti's deathray does less damage (228 to 152), but inflicts ichor and on fire now
spazmatism wheel damage slightly reduced and number of spokes reduced from 6 to 5
destroyer always shoots even number of lasers during coil
champion of nature
 rain emits light to be more visible hopefully
 rain cloud is larger but does no contact damage
 ichor rain has less starting velocity
sparkling love hearts will eventually just shoot directly at the target
use pandora's box while standing in front of plantera's bulb to spawn guntera
use pandora's box while standing in front of flesh walls, on luminite brick to spawn ceiling of moon lord
holy stars are affected by kill cooldown (they weren't before, this nerfs holy arrows really hard)
dark casters spray water bolts
nerfed angry bones bone spray slightly but they shoot baby guardians, rate increases when shot at
queen bee stops stinger rings below 50%, instead throws hives (rate is slower during subjects, faster without them)

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[0de72ffae1...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/0de72ffae12ba4f1d32feb555f20d35aa1cea078)
#### Monday 2020-09-14 22:28:13 by Venarir

Hoe Ass.

fuck you im gonna completely recreate you tomorrow im going to rebirth you from whatever fucking depths of hell you crawled out of.

---
## [ajwerner/cockroach](https://github.com/ajwerner/cockroach)@[a1bec1134c...](https://github.com/ajwerner/cockroach/commit/a1bec1134ccd47329ebb92aff984f173f26e8035)
#### Monday 2020-09-14 22:31:53 by Andrew Werner

sql: fix dropping of NOT NULL enum columns

I added enums to the random schemachange workload and it hit a fun scenario.
If we recall https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/issues/42459#issuecomment-600139293
we decided to have default "zero" values for columns which are in the process
of being dropped (being added is fine because you have to have a default). We
didn't extend this for enums. Enums are a bit awkward here. Given that we know
the column is going to be dropped, I'm thinking it is okay to put an arbitrary
value, the smallest one. Alternatively we could return an error. Error seems
worse but I'd love somebody to tell me writing the smallest value seems sane.

Unfortunately there's an edge case when dealing with an enum that has no
values. In that case, we have to return an error, but it's sort of okay (sort
of) because nobody could write to the table.

Release note (bug fix): Fixed a bug which would cause an internal error when
writing to a table with a recently (concurrent or in the same transaction)
NOT NULL enum column.

---
## [Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO)@[9e8620c76e...](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO/commit/9e8620c76e13fb6e9641d5ea45939d2147c0f81f)
#### Monday 2020-09-14 23:08:41 by RikerW

Adjust bonus damage

It's now a flat +mlev bonus, but reduces the remaining time by (mlev/10) - rn2(5) (floored, never increases duration). That means that you chould hypothetically get an average of 4 or so hits on Demogorgon, each dealing +108 flat in addition to whatever base damage it deals. Stupid? Yeah, quite possibly. Reasonably balanced? Dunno. I'm expecting it to be quite lethal at killing demon lords if you bother to ward & prep beforehand, but not otherwise. Might revisit the initial damage and increase it to 40% or something like that.

---
## [cockroachdb/cockroach](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach)@[4deda0a860...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/4deda0a8609209618135486f203dd1723cf2f17f)
#### Monday 2020-09-14 23:49:17 by craig[bot]

Merge #54314 #54322 #54354

54314: builtins: implement ST_FrechetDistance and ST_HausdorffDistance r=otan a=erikgrinaker

Release note (sql change): Implement the geometry builtins
`ST_FrechetDistance` and `ST_HausdorffDistance`.

Closes #48940.
Closes #48947.
Closes #48948.

54322: kvserver: observe lease transfer interval in considerRebalance r=darinpp a=ajwerner

This commit plumbs the lease transfer rate limit into the lease transfer which
occurs as a part of rebalancing decision making. The decision about whether a
node should remove itself for the purpose of rebalancing happens at a much
higher rate than the the actual rebalancing. This can lead to massive
oscillations of leaseholders as the calculation on which replica should be
removed in the face of node addition changes dramatically. We utilize
a rate limit in lease transfer decisions to smooth this decision making
elsewhere. This limit however is not utilized currently when deciding to
transfer a lease for the purpose of rebalancing data. This change has
shown very positive impact mitigating these lease transfer storms. See
the commentary on #51867.

Release note (bug fix): Made lease transfers during rebalancing adhere
to the rate limit utilized in other lease transfer cases which eliminates
unexpected lease oscillations when adding a new node.

54354: sql: fix dropping of NOT NULL enum columns r=ajwerner a=ajwerner

I added enums to the random schemachange workload and it hit a fun scenario.
If we recall https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/issues/42459#issuecomment-600139293
we decided to have default "zero" values for columns which are in the process
of being dropped (being added is fine because you have to have a default). We
didn't extend this for enums. Enums are a bit awkward here. Given that we know
the column is going to be dropped, I'm thinking it is okay to put an arbitrary
value, the smallest one. Alternatively we could return an error. Error seems
worse but I'd love somebody to tell me writing the smallest value seems sane.

Unfortunately there's an edge case when dealing with an enum that has no
values. In that case, we have to return an error, but it's sort of okay (sort
of) because nobody could write to the table.

Release note (bug fix): Fixed a bug which would cause an internal error when
writing to a table with a recently (concurrent or in the same transaction)
NOT NULL enum column.

Co-authored-by: Erik Grinaker <erik@grinaker.org>
Co-authored-by: Andrew Werner <ajwerner@cockroachlabs.com>

---

# [<](2020-09-13.md) 2020-09-14 [>](2020-09-15.md)

