# [<](2020-09-09.md) 2020-09-10 [>](2020-09-11.md)

3,688,853 events, 1,315,221 push events, 2,051,686 commit messages, 158,875,880 characters


## [Drazcmd/ViralPurpurs](https://github.com/Drazcmd/ViralPurpurs)@[3ed9ed1ae4...](https://github.com/Drazcmd/ViralPurpurs/commit/3ed9ed1ae468d98b124aaba8785bb9ae75b836bb)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 07:37:21 by Clayton Drazner

Fixed bug in "above ___" functions (and renamed)

Turns out that the internet isn't always right! Trying to check the block at playery-1  to see what the player is standing on will get you the incorrect block for anything that's not a full block in height.

Here's some examples to show why subtracting a very small number works. Say you're at height 16, standing on a block 1 in height. If you subtract 1, that checks what's at height 15 - the bllock below you. But you's still get the correct result if checking at 15.1, 15.5, or even 15.99999 - just so long as you don't go up to 16. So while -1 works, it only just BARELY works.

On the other hand, say you're on a carpet. Carpets are 1/16 in height, meaning you might be at y=15.0625. The ranges of y that give you the correct block START at 15. If you subtract 1, you'll be checking 14.0625 which is actually the block the carpet itself has been placed on top of (and not the carpet). So the solution is to subtract a number smaller than the height ofthe carpet (or if you want to be more general, just use a number smaller than the height of the shorted mc block. In this case I'm just using .01).

Note that this means we're only detecting what we're STANDING on. If you're at all eleveated. e.g. at teh very bottom of your jump, we'll no longer count you as on top of the block. But in this case that's probably behavior we want anyways.

Side note - also seeing interesting behavior when crouching off a side of a block. There's potentially some work I could do here, as you can 'cheat' the system by couching off the edge of one block indefinitely without triggering. Buuut honestly that's probably not a very big concern. If I do wnat to catch it though, I can probably tell the player is 'floating' this manner by seeing if they're sneaikng with an air block  - and then  figure out which block they're sneaking from by examining the fractional portion of their dimension (I think the max you can sneak off is around .3 of a block. So if they're on air and sneaking, I think x%1 < .3 means from the left, >.7 means from the right.

---
## [jayjayb772/Display-ReactApp](https://github.com/jayjayb772/Display-ReactApp)@[b45570f0cd...](https://github.com/jayjayb772/Display-ReactApp/commit/b45570f0cdc44d3e7fb3d54b386ad78c03b63939)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 07:54:57 by Jacob

HOLY SHIT I GOT A REACT PROJECT WORKING WTF OMG THIS IS WILD

---
## [snek-at/front](https://github.com/snek-at/front)@[bd0831c198...](https://github.com/snek-at/front/commit/bd0831c1986863fb8777e5ff44738a72ec0eabbd)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 09:04:33 by Christian Aichner

Fix some crap

Some faking disgusting extremely bad and worthless piece of crap has been yeeted from existence. Humanity can die happily now. As you can see I am very depresso. I like depresso. It is in my swamp. Shrek is love I say. Shrek is life I say. He said it's ogre. But it's never ogre. This is a very long commit message but I don't give a crap anymore. I feel a warmth creeping closer to me as I cry myself to sleep. Then he suddenly touches me. I look ogre. It's Shrek. Shrek is love. Shrek is... life.

---
## [Luxcium/custom-zsh](https://github.com/Luxcium/custom-zsh)@[08bd4ebf08...](https://github.com/Luxcium/custom-zsh/commit/08bd4ebf0819d5a4aa76e692487cb490b5ba4cf1)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 11:36:06 by Benjamin Vincent (Luxcium)

'LET THERE BE LIGHT'

Signed-off-by: Benjamin Vincent (Luxcium) <luxcium@neb401.com>
# 'LET THERE BE LIGHT " יְהִי־א֑וֹר "'
# "Au commencement, Dieu créa le ciel et la terre."
# "In the beginning of God's creation he created the heavens and the earth."
# "בְּרֵאשִׁית בָּרָא אֱלֹהִים אֵת הַשָּׁמַיִם וְאֵת הָאָרֶץ."
# "Dieu dit: "Que la lumière soit!" Et la lumière fut."
# "God said, “Let there be light”; and there was light."
# "וַיֹּאמֶר אֱלֹהִים יְהִי אוֹר וַיְהִי אוֹר."

---
## [ERPMod/electron-react-ts](https://github.com/ERPMod/electron-react-ts)@[25f72a85a7...](https://github.com/ERPMod/electron-react-ts/commit/25f72a85a7d209374308912899517d7ff20b2428)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 15:35:05 by Yuri Edward

Fucking hell of fucking shitty Webpack!!! SKIP INSTEAD OF ERROR MOTHER FUCKER

---
## [ERPMod/electron-react-ts](https://github.com/ERPMod/electron-react-ts)@[248637e598...](https://github.com/ERPMod/electron-react-ts/commit/248637e5983a2ccf86b8e18acdbd52cded6a1eb8)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 15:44:09 by Yuri Edward

Annoying peace of shit of css-loader! DON'T TOUCH MY BLOODY CSS!!! I need it as IS MOTHER FUCKER

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[2800ed9166...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/2800ed9166776bd14db9196f895ede5ef074ef39)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 16:47:03 by Marko Grdinić

"2:30pm. Done with breakfast. Let me read Demon Maiden for a bit and then I will start.

2:40pm. https://boards.4channel.org/g/thread/77651414/soup-g

///

Soup /g/

So I went for a tech interview today, and was doing great until I got this question that stumped me; I panicked and fucked up.

Write a solution that will return the numbers of ways you can sum to n using no more than any two numbers in the form of 2^n (i.e. for n=10, you can use at most 2x1, 2x2, 2x4, 2x8)

Order doesn't count.

Examples:

5 -> 2 ([4+1], [2+2+1])
10 -> 5 ([8+2], [8+1+1], [4+4+2], [4+2+2+1+1], [4+4+1+1])
47 -> 2 ([32+8+4+2+1], [16+16+8+4+2+1])

So boom, I wrote a brute force and was proud of myself. And then the interviewer asked me to enter a large number.

Cringe as my shit solution span and span and span, and the interviewer said there's a solution using caching that will make the computation tiny.

They gave me a take-home to try and finish it BUT I'm convinced this shit is fucked.

Should I just ficking quit, or is interviewer full of shit? Feels bad man. CS degree was worthless :(

///

Now, I am thinking about this thing.

2:45pm. No, I am not going to do HackerRank problems here.

...I really do not understand the question as posed.

///

5 -> 2 ([4+1], [2+2+1])

///

Shouldn't [2+1+1+1] be a possiblity here?

Ah, you can't use more than two of any number.

2:50pm. Ok, I get it.

...And I know how to code up an efficient solution for this.

2:55pm. Ok, I see it most of the way. For a minute there I would be stumped at this problem, but if popped up I could do it.

Let me move on.

Let me finish that chapter.

3:40pm. Ok, just a bit more and then I am going to get into it.

4pm. Ok, I am satisfied with the degree of wastage during the break. I can't believe it lasted this long.

Let me at least crack open the prepass.

```
//let pattern_to_rawexpr (arg: VarString, clauses: (Pattern * RawExpr) []) =
```

I have this thing waiting for me there, commented out.

4:05pm. Ok, first of all...

Originally I intended to use `RawExpr`, the same thing I've parsed and typechecker when filling in the type applications. But I've realized that this has an issue.

```
inl q forall t. (x : t) =
    inl w forall t. (y : t) : bool = $"(=)" x y
    w x
```

Suppose I have a macro like this.

Obviously I need to fill in the type annotation for it.

What should the type of `$"(=)"` be? `t -> t -> bool`?

That is the crux of the issue. I can't put `t` there without that causing a name collision.

The way to get around that is to do the filling while at the same time replacing the names of all the variables with their id.

4:15pm. I am going to have to come up with new types for everything. Not just the thing after `RawExpr`. I am going to have to replace `T` with something whose vars have ids.

5:15pm. I am really thinking at full blast about this. For the first run, I am going to get rid of one of the optimizations. I am going to have the let statements have their tags right there. The same goes for tests. It is just too much of a pain in the ass to do anything else in the prepass environment.

5:25pm. Did I put macros in type application?

```fs
        | RawMacro(_,a) ->
            type_application.Add(x,s)
```

As it turns out, I forgot this.

5:30pm. Also I need to do a check so that raw macros never show up alone.

```fs
| RawMacro(r,a) -> errors.Add(r,MacroIsMissingAnnotation); cmacro term ty a
```

This in the check function. I'll next put some special behavior in `RawAnnot`.

5:35pm.

```fs
        | RawAnnot(_,RawMacro(_,a),b) -> cmacro term ty a; ctype term ty b
        | RawMacro(r,a) -> errors.Add(r,MacroIsMissingAnnotation); cmacro term ty a
        | RawAnnot(_,a,b) -> cterm term ty a; ctype term ty b
```

Let me do it like so.

5:50pm. Ah, I see. Rather than having two different arrays or just checking immediatelly, I can distinguish recursive from non-recursive variables by having the recursive ones have negative ids. This would just be a small optimization.

This is the ideal choice.

6pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jpu7jHRRIn4
Mick Gordon - Mars Core (DOOM Eternal - Extended Gamerip)

Thinking about programming while listening to this. It is my favorite track, but it plays for only a single battle.

I think I will call it a day here. Today was slow.

Redesigning the servers took most of my energy today, but I did spend whatever was left wisely.

6:15pm. I am still thinking about it.

The rule that or patterns need to have the same variables on both sides will make dealing with them easier.

I am changing my mind on the whole RawInline thing. I am going to do something special on order to memoize the different pattern branches, but otherwise I am going to remove them during the second pass.

Since I am making a fresh AST, I might as well merge the inline with joint points.

6:25pm. Right now I only have one kind of join point, but I think it might be worth introducing `join'` so I can write something like `join' cuda`. It would take an argument specifying its type. Doing it like this is good. I really should not have to wrap all the join points in `RawInline`.

6:35pm. How about I really stop for the day here. I am still obsessed about it and that is good, but after a while I need to force myself to stop.

6:40pm. I am going through the next part over and over in my head, and I think that I can deal with it as expected. Now that I am touching upon the pieces and turning them over, I see that they all fit together quite nicely.

I can do this.

Not only am I confident. Before I started thinking about this I got the feeling that the prepass might take me 1-2 weeks, but now it feels like I can deal with it much faster than that. I should be able to mostly finish it in the next few days.

Of course now that I need to integrate it with the server, things will go more slowly, but still, this is not the kind of obstacle that I will be stuck on for too long.

6:45pm. I am motivated. I am going to crush this thing tomorrow. Getting the prepass out of the way will be a huge relief as after that only the partial evaluator will remain. In terms of difficult, codegen barely registers in my mind."

---
## [elmarco/qemu](https://github.com/elmarco/qemu)@[a24d91e3b4...](https://github.com/elmarco/qemu/commit/a24d91e3b4a6d413aa74e5edaceebf2a4b5f801c)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 17:44:15 by Marc-André Lureau

PoC: Rust binding for QAPI (qemu-ga only, for now)

Hi,

Among the QEMU developers, there is a desire to use Rust. (see previous
thread from Stefan "Why QEMU should move from C to Rust", the rust-vmm
related projects and other experiments).

Thanks to our QAPI type system and the associate code generator, it is
relatively straightforward to create Rust bindings for the generated C
types (also called sys/ffi binding) and functions. (rust-bindgen could
probably do a similar job, but it would probably bring other issues).
This provides an important internal API already.

Slightly more complicated is to expose a Rust API for those, and provide
convenient conversions C<->Rust. Taking inspiration from glib-rs
binding, I implemented a simplified version of the FromGlib/ToGlib
traits, with simpler ownership model, sufficient for QAPI needs.

The usage is relatively simple:

- from_qemu_none(ptr: *const sys::P) -> T
  Return a Rust type T for a const ffi pointer P.

- from_qemu_full(ptr: *mut sys::P) -> T
  Return a Rust type T for a ffi pointer P, taking ownership.

- T::to_qemu_none() -> Stash<P>
  Returns a borrowed ffi pointer P (using a Stash to destroy "glue"
  storage data, if any).

- T::to_qemu_full() -> P
  Returns a ffi pointer P. (P resources are leaked/passed to C/ffi)

With those traits, it's relatively easy to implement the QMP callbacks.
With enough interest, we could eventually start rewriting QGA in
Rust, as it is a simple service. See qga/qmp.rs for some examples.
We could also try to tackle qemu itself.

Finally, given that the QAPI types are easy to serialize, it was simple
to use "serde" on them, and provide a D-Bus interface for QMP with zbus.
(a similar approach could probably be taken for other protocols, that
could be dynamically loaded... anyone like protobuf better?)

This PoC modifies qemu-ga to provide the interface on the session bus:
$ qga/qemu-ga -m unix-listen -p /tmp/qga.sock -t /tmp -v
$ busctl --user introspect org.qemu.qga /org/qemu/qga org.qemu.QgaQapi
...
$ busctl --user call org.qemu.qga /org/qemu/qga org.qemu.QgaQapi
GuestSetVcpus aa\{sv\} 1 2 logical-id x 0 online b 1
...

Note: the generated code doesn't work with the qemu schema, there is a
couple of fixme/todo left.

Shameful pain point: meson & cargo don't play nicely together.

Signed-off-by: Marc-André Lureau <marcandre.lureau@redhat.com>

---
## [BaNSC/bansc.github.io](https://github.com/BaNSC/bansc.github.io)@[33977dddbb...](https://github.com/BaNSC/bansc.github.io/commit/33977dddbbf89775cef3a3c873221cab8a571f27)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 19:58:02 by AMAN PANDEY

1. **Research Paper Discussions:**      This will include a detailed paper study and discussion of some of the interesting papers related to DLTs and Security. 📰  2. **Study Jams:**      Grab your snacks 🍟 and a water-filled bottle🍶, to spend a night out learning a specific Blockchain tech or concept.   3. **Talks:** Listening to someone actually "Literate" 😓 is fun. These sessions will get you all stuffed with some extraordinary knowledge and experience. 4. **Blogs** You think about something, saw something in dream last night? tmPen it down... 🖊️ 5. **Open-Source Projects: `upcoming`**      Yaay!! having some good idea 🖌️ to work on, or need some help contributing to the one already existing? You call it. we have it. 😄  6. **Researches (Closed Group) `upcoming`** work with your peers to do some cutting edge research enhancing the Blockchain, Network and Security ecosystem. 👥🌏 7. **Open to all Developer Community (on Discord) `upcoming`** we have all the resources you need to start a club. BaNSC welcomes formation of new clubs under it. Whether a group of 10 or a community of 100 our resources is your resources.  🕸️

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[f250c29403...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/f250c2940385a13bb4f4f408a0504d1f0be5ee48)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 21:25:50 by wm4

terminal-unix: attempt to support more CTRL

Hysterically stupid inconsistent legacy garbage from the 70ies or maybe
even 60ies. What the fuck. I fucking hate computers so much.

Fixes: #8072

---
## [Pwhite95/FloorRunV1](https://github.com/Pwhite95/FloorRunV1)@[4c5d9f8719...](https://github.com/Pwhite95/FloorRunV1/commit/4c5d9f8719888e516392144fedd0571eb137f894)
#### Thursday 2020-09-10 23:28:23 by Pwhite95

Oh boy. Big Changes, I created a Floor Run Demo Game Instance. This is where we can store information level to level with points, games ect. Here We'll beable to add a bunch of other stuff as well. Just need to do some research. I also changed the BP for grass points and will do the same with fire (SurfaceDust) tmrw as well. I also changed the degrees in which you turn in the VR pawn. It's kinda funky though. Same with going between lvels. After we mess with the hall more we'll have to figure out a better way to do that.

Cheers.

---

# [<](2020-09-09.md) 2020-09-10 [>](2020-09-11.md)

