# [<](2020-10-24.md) 2020-10-25 [>](2020-10-26.md)

1,990,927 events, 1,152,630 push events, 1,635,816 commit messages, 93,508,870 characters


## [You02/discordgui-](https://github.com/You02/discordgui-)@[f8eb6288a2...](https://github.com/You02/discordgui-/commit/f8eb6288a22d1b9a024608bf87a8b970fae100ad)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 04:48:40 by You02

Fixed your damn tabs you fucker

stupid fuckwit
god, tyler i hope you piss yourself in a pool and get laughed at

---
## [CodingWander-amateur/my-process](https://github.com/CodingWander-amateur/my-process)@[1a3c5d6921...](https://github.com/CodingWander-amateur/my-process/commit/1a3c5d692128bc8d262cc13313157338f4939695)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 09:27:52 by CodingWander-amateur

Merge pull request #1 from CodingWander-amateur/process-1

This whole damn files is my effort to the road of conquering the fuck'g shit programming

---
## [darkboxapp/frontend](https://github.com/darkboxapp/frontend)@[02f6e35d15...](https://github.com/darkboxapp/frontend/commit/02f6e35d156bc41f0977a3456ceb38078213519c)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 09:27:56 by xpyxel

Changing the language finally fucking works holy fucking shit

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[1f87ad248b...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/1f87ad248b0c44c38369ea5762626fd9ecda1e47)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 12:38:13 by Marko Grdinić

"9:10am. I am crazy. I got up 1h ago and have been studying stock charts. I haven't done this in a very long time. My view is much like before, individual stocks are erratic. Unless they are obvious high momentum market leaders like TSLA, you are better off trading ETFs and lowering your volatility.

In the past two days I think I've gone over everything now. I was elated over finding a good and sensible system, but going over currencies, commodities and bonds, I see that it only really works on stocks. It is not really a surprise though - there is a chain of reasoning behind it that does not really make sense unless the instrument you are trading really does have an upward bias. It sort of acts to set the rules of the game.

With forex for example, you know that people would rather currencies just sit still.

9:20am. Really, forget this. Just forget this. I've indulged in my craving. There is no need to concern myself too much with this.

I've gotten a bit fired up and my imagination has started thinking of all the wild riches I am going to make, but trading is hardship. I should know that much by now.

As a way of making money, having skills and providing tangible services to the world is a better system. Trading and investing are best left for the side.

I simply do not need to waste this much energy on them. There is no need to doubt my ability once the time comes, but there is also no need to hope for this.

Ideally, I'd very quickly go through mastering the neurochip phase, to managing agents phase. In that scenario I would be on a track to the Singularity, and would not even need to fiddle with stocks.

9:20am. With stocks you are dependent on the market to take its offerings. With you own effort, your returns are a function of them. Suppose I get brain upgrades and am able to put 1,000,000 as much effort into per day into trading than before. I really, really doubt that my returns would be 1M times as large. I'd be surprised if I'd even doubled them.

Instead I could just doing 1M as much work in the real world and get guaranteed income that way. Imagine how much you could make if you could hold 1M jobs at the same time. And this kind of return would never revert to the market mean as the size of the account scales up.

This is what I should be thinking about. This is the kind of get-rich-quick scheme I should be getting excited about. The stock market is just somewhere I'd park my money. I should never forget this.

It makes sense to use a momentum system on ETFs because it would have much better risk/return profile than parking my money in broad market indexes or bonds, but let me not kid myself that I want to spend decades waiting for stocks to go somewhere.

The next 20 years are the ascent to the trancendence. Whoever masters AI first will have godlike power. It might not be me, but I do not doubt these last two sentences.

It is an absurdity to think about buying and holding stocks for months in this situation. It might even happen before the end of the decade.

Fight!

Put in your own effort!

That is the way to glory!

9:35am. Let me chill just a bit.

Yesterday I actually went to bed at 12pm again. It is not like I am distracted by that wuxia novel, what is driving me to avoid sleep is probably anxiety.

Yesterday, I did not any programming and instead of decided on my overall approach towards concurrency. I made the decision of how I am going to think about.

Rather than determination, the feeling that dominates my being right is fear.

I actually fear programming now. To think I'd come this far only to result in this. This is how far concurrency is pushing me - past my limits. It is because I can't reason and I've accepted that I won't be able to do so. The only choice is to let my hands take over.

9:40am. I need to take my time going through this. I am first going to work on the concurrent graph validator in isolation and then the project file loader.

The way I imagine programs in my head, it is like a tree with a clear hierarchy. But concurrent agents are like isolated islands and that makes me uncomfortable.

I need to face this fear and discomfort. If I want to take risks, this is the place I should be doing it.

10:15am. Let me have breakfast here. For the past week, it feels like I would blink and the day would be over. Today I feel I will be able to focus for a while. I am going to challenge myself.

10:55am. Done with breakfast. And done with 4chan threads, stock charts, D&D wizard videos and whatever else. Actually, let me just set the Win 7 ISO to that USB. My father has an obstinate personality, instead of getting an wi fi usb adapter for that piece of shit laptop, he would rather waste time installing an old version of Windows. He can have it.

11am. Now focus.

It is time that I face my fears. I do not feel like doing anything other than programming right now.

Programming is hope, programming is life. High level skill often does not take the form amateurs imagine it should.

I need to brave the dangers when it comes to concurrency.

11:05am. Let me just try to break the ice with that graph validator.

I mastered a few techniques in the past, but the full compilation pipeline for Spiral would be a significant project in concurrency. Once I become comfortable with concurrency on such a level, my programming skill will once again have advanced to a higher level.

I cannot run from this.

11:10am. Let me start this. If nothing else, let me at last get a few dozen lines of code down. Even this takes me the whole day, I will do it.

As the first step, let me comment out the stuff in `Package.fs`. I am not going to do any complex servers. I won't even attempt them.

Instead it is fine that I am going to be dealing with isolated islands. It is fine that I do not have an exact handle on control flow in that case. I can't possibly have it.

11:15am. Let me do it.

11:20am.

```fs
type PackageValidatorReq =
    | VAdd of name: string * links: string list
    | VRemove of name: string

let package_validator (req : PackageValidatorReq list Stream) =
    ()
```

Apart from this, I need the reply channel.

I have a bunch of choices : regular channels, stream sources and mvars.

Actually, `MVar`s would not be a bad choice here.

11:35am.

```fs
type PackageValidatorReq =
    | VAdd of name: string * packages: {|projDir : string; range : VSCRange|} list * links: {|uri : string; range : VSCRange|} list Ch * errors: VSCError list Ch
    | VRemove of name: string
```

Hmmm, it is not ideal, but with the way the links provider for VS Code works, I am going to make links be a `MVar`. The provider assume that links will be stable, but removing stuff on other places might make it stale.

There is just no other choice - the VS Code API does a request whenever the document is loaded - I have no way of ordering it to repeat that.

It is really annoying how it does everything with promises. All those providers should really just take in observables and that would be a done deal.

It might be one of the more popular editors (I don't know what its ranking is) but it is somewhat haphazardly designed.

This is because the people designing it had only known about promises and that mental model is reflected in the API. It is really pitiful.

11:40am. CML style concurrency should be much more popular than it is.

...I suppose I can make errors `MVar` as well.

The interesting thing is, `MVar` can act as channels if the other side takes from them. If it just reads, then it acts more like a regular variable.

...No, let me do links differently.

```fs
type PackageValidatorReq =
    | VAdd of projDir: string * packages: {|projDir : string; range : VSCRange|} list * errors: VSCError list Ch
    | VLinks of projDir: string * links: {|uri : string; range : VSCRange|} list Ch
    | VRemove of projDir: string
```

This would be better. At least this way I won't have to deal with stale links whenever things change. It is a good way of doing it.

I think I'll just go with this. No need to complicate things with `MVar`s. Responses are one to one, so they should be channels.

Actually, I'll make them `IVar`s...

```fs
type PackageValidatorReq =
    | VAdd of projDir: string * packages: {|projDir : string; range : VSCRange|} list * errors: VSCError list Ch
    | VLinks of projDir: string * links: {|uri : string; range : VSCRange|} list IVar
    | VRemove of projDir: string
```

...This is the way to do it.

11:50am. Two days ago it was really such a struggle.

```fs
//let package (req : ClientReq Stream) =
//    let package_id = Dictionary<string,PackageId>()
//    let package_id' = ResizeArray<string>()
```

I did the sensible thing and decided to go with package ids, but then an immediate problem came to mind. It is really a simple thing to do this in those book examples, but if I assign an id to everything the user types, the server will get filled up with invalid ids quite quickly.

I'll leave package ids for something else. No need to bother the graph validator with it.

I'll practice proper isolation and keep my mental burden down.

This is good programming, but the reason why I fear this so much is because now isolation increases concurrency in a system unlike when doing sequential programming.

I am going to trust it.

11:55am. Trust concurrency and go to the next level. Let me do the graph validator.

12:05pm. Focus me, focus.

```fs
type Graph = Dictionary<string,string HashSet>
type MirroredGraph = Graph * Graph

let add_link (s : Graph) (a,b) =
    Utils.memoize s (fun _ -> HashSet()) b |> ignore
    (Utils.memoize s (fun _ -> HashSet()) a).Add(b) |> ignore

let add_link' (s : MirroredGraph) (a,b) = add_link (fst s) (a,b); add_link (snd s) (b,a)
```

Right now I am thinking how to add links. This is how I did when doing Kosaraju, but right now I do not think I want nonexistent nodes because I need to validate those afterwards.

12:10pm.

```fs
type Graph = Dictionary<string,string HashSet>
type MirroredGraph = Graph * Graph

let add_link (s : Graph) (a,b) = (Utils.memoize s (fun _ -> HashSet()) a).Add(b) |> ignore
let add_link' (s : MirroredGraph) (a,b) = add_link (fst s) (a,b); add_link (snd s) (b,a)

let remove_link (s : Graph)

let package_validator (req : PackageValidatorReq list Stream) =
    let graph = Graph(), Graph()

    ()
```

How troublesome. The fact that I need to do it efficiently now only makes things even more troublesome.

Let me take a short break.

12:25pm. Let me resume. Since I am weak right now, I am getting bogged down in what are equivalent to moral quandaries in programming.

```fs
| VAdd of projDir: string * packages: {|projDir : string; range : VSCRange|} list * errors: VSCError list Ch
```

I get the inputs in this form, but now I am getting stuck on what the representation should be.

Once again I am going to bet on isolation to cut through this quagmire.

```fs
let package_validator (req : PackageValidatorReq list Stream) =
    let links = Dictionary()
    let links_rev = Dictionary()
    let replace (a : string) (b : string list) = ()
```

Forget what I get in `PackageValidatorReq`. It does not matter. Just do the replace. Once I fill that piece in, it can act as an attractor in my mind that will draw the rest in.

12:35pm. Let me do it. Just forget your missgivings and go forward with this.

At this rate it really will take me the whole day just to do the graph validator. If I was in my usual condition, this kind of task would not take me more than an hour or two.

1pm.

```fs
let package_validator (req : PackageValidatorReq list Stream) =
    let links = Dictionary()
    let links_rev = Dictionary()
    let replace (a : string) (b : string list) =
        let inline rev_modify f =
            match links_rev.TryGetValue(b) with
            | true, (x : string HashSet) -> f x
            | _ -> ()
        let rev_add b = rev_modify (fun x -> x.Add(b) |> ignore)
        let rev_remove b = rev_modify (fun x -> x.Remove(b) |> ignore)
        let a_links =
            match links.TryGetValue(a) with
            | false,_ ->
                let a_links = HashSet()
                links.Add(a,a_links)
                a_links
            | true,a_links ->
                Seq.iter rev_remove a_links
                a_links.Clear()
                a_links
        b |> List.iter (fun b -> a_links.Add(b) |> ignore; rev_add b)
```

This would suffice. Now let me do the remove.

1:10pm.

```fs
let package_validator (req : PackageValidatorReq list Stream) =
    let links = Dictionary()
    let links_rev = Dictionary()
    let inline rev_modify f b =
        match links_rev.TryGetValue(b) with
        | true, (x : string HashSet) -> f x
        | _ -> ()
    let inline rev_add a b = rev_modify (fun x -> x.Add(a) |> ignore) b
    let inline rev_remove a b = rev_modify (fun x -> x.Remove(a) |> ignore) b
    let replace (a : string) (b : string list) =
        let a_links =
            match links.TryGetValue(a) with
            | false,_ ->
                let a_links = HashSet()
                links.Add(a,a_links)
                a_links
            | true,a_links ->
                Seq.iter (rev_remove a) a_links
                a_links.Clear()
                a_links
        b |> List.iter (fun b -> a_links.Add(b) |> ignore; rev_add a b)
    let remove a = ()
```

Actually, the thing above was incorrect. Let me do it like this.

Let me do the chores here. I'll deal with `remove` after that.

1:30pm. I am back. Let me resume.

This would be a good spot to commit since I did not already. Right now my spirit is quite low - I feel close to zero inspiration on grand architectural issues. I feel like I completely failed on those.

My only thought right now is to just keep pushing forward. Because I cannot give up. If I cannot deal with the big things, I'll deal with the little ones and play good defense. If I cannot do good programming, I'll at least not do it poorly.

1:35pm. Things like this happen. Sometimes the world feels like it is in your palm, sometimes you are completely lost and alone. But there is no point in standing around complaining that prey is not entering your mouth of their own volition. You need to keep pushing forward."

---
## [BenjaminNossin/SHMUP](https://github.com/BenjaminNossin/SHMUP)@[3cb9e7fb3c...](https://github.com/BenjaminNossin/SHMUP/commit/3cb9e7fb3c5544d3c417630cbf91473d511dc69c)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 14:39:23 by BenjaminNossin

Create # Pacific Assault : Armored Beast   This is the very first game I did with two friends, during a whole week. What I did is so full of flaws that I hesitated to share it, but hey, everybody has to start somewhere right ? I hope you'll enjoy playing it as much as we enjoyed making it, even though it is frustratingly hard game  - Alan Kilby : Game Art - Ulric Debaert : Level Design - Benjamin Nossin : AI Technical Design   - Special Thanks to Ian Thecleric for the Shmup Maker scripts library that we used to create this game !README.md

---
## [ucll-mobile-2021/project-yaboi](https://github.com/ucll-mobile-2021/project-yaboi)@[eb8c653795...](https://github.com/ucll-mobile-2021/project-yaboi/commit/eb8c653795b2276cba36eb5a57c52498a2e340b9)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 14:42:03 by Anwar

fixed stupid Stream<List<Ingredient>>
ingredients of recipe now shown async n shit
fucking geweet

---
## [pkt-cash/pktd](https://github.com/pkt-cash/pktd)@[6b446ac05c...](https://github.com/pkt-cash/pktd/commit/6b446ac05c45dfb6ef3df8b5d76ab7a54cca1ff6)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 18:08:41 by Jeff Johnson

* USE ONLY PROPER AMERICAN ENGLISH STANDARD WORDS!!!!!!

signall vs. signal .. cancell vs. cancel ! My god man!

There are WAY more (British vs. American issues and use
is TOTALLY INCONSISTENT within the code base), but these
are, to me, the most egregious and wrong-looking ones.
The ones that are acceptable like "standardisation" use
the American "standardization" - none of it makes sense.

There are dozens if not hundreds of cases of mixed use,
often in the same file, sometimes in the same paragraph!

I've really only scratched the surface of it with this PR.

Just looking at these, though, is giving me eye cancer,
dissolving my soul, accelerating my descent into insanity.

I do think we should adopt American English as THE standard,
actually, for both documentation and code, American English
has always clearly been the standard language of the Internet.

Over at the supposedly "international" ISO, you can see the
"The International Organization for Standardization" and NOT
the "The British and Welsh Organisation for Standardisation".

Also, all the seed words we use are ONLY in American English.
We got "color" & "labor" & "humor" there. We got "truck" also,
but not a single "lorry" to be found.  If we are going to keep
using a mixed language base, would we have to change these too?

If we keep mixing, people will just think we are Canadians! ***
(*** Of course, being dead is preferred to being Canadian.)

[FYI: Merging this would increase my productivity by 20%.]

---
## [Numb2k/WZStats](https://github.com/Numb2k/WZStats)@[de355bd2c5...](https://github.com/Numb2k/WZStats/commit/de355bd2c5faac56fbab8ba90b506421bebeaea9)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 18:38:55 by Numb2k

Merge pull request #1 from AfiasOri/fuckYou

fuck you

---
## [LensPlaysGames/Lensor-Radii-11ty-Website](https://github.com/LensPlaysGames/Lensor-Radii-11ty-Website)@[9f61b8d622...](https://github.com/LensPlaysGames/Lensor-Radii-11ty-Website/commit/9f61b8d622876fa69a78b1b2b1483c287c9a05d1)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 19:03:35 by LensPlaysGames

no more new tabs

sorry ig, didn't know this was fucking demon-worship apparently, lmao

---
## [Mouloutouf/Project-Predator](https://github.com/Mouloutouf/Project-Predator)@[09d9f9bca6...](https://github.com/Mouloutouf/Project-Predator/commit/09d9f9bca68d20ef2475e44701d8ff06530205b7)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 19:57:36 by Maxence

Setup .gitignore

Git and unity are absolute pieces of shit that can't fucking work with each other even though they're both up to date and working fine. Fuck  you unity and your bitch library.

---
## [KorotkovAndrei/tortiko](https://github.com/KorotkovAndrei/tortiko)@[ba9e2d17e0...](https://github.com/KorotkovAndrei/tortiko/commit/ba9e2d17e0eebd5c51a735e1a72d7ff3ace1d5f4)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 20:00:57 by dreamvibe1993

some cocksucking motherfucking punk bitch ass bugs where fucking pwned

some motherfucking ball licking spear chucking basket ball dunkin manula meter meter titsoon moulinyan fucking punk bitch cheap-ass fucking retarded dorkish bugs

---
## [moscowtower/Algorythms-and-Data-Structures](https://github.com/moscowtower/Algorythms-and-Data-Structures)@[f838aff142...](https://github.com/moscowtower/Algorythms-and-Data-Structures/commit/f838aff142f46ec692d04a7977057d51f005170f)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 22:26:20 by Max

fuck git stupid ass version control system why do you have to be so
fucking complicated to use motherfucking bitch die

---
## [moscowtower/Algorythms-and-Data-Structures](https://github.com/moscowtower/Algorythms-and-Data-Structures)@[3fc73ac46f...](https://github.com/moscowtower/Algorythms-and-Data-Structures/commit/3fc73ac46fa35e2b392cf109b07baf7c6eb20fdb)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 22:27:23 by Max

Revert "fuck git stupid ass version control system why do you have to be so"

This reverts commit f838aff142f46ec692d04a7977057d51f005170f.

---
## [jessetanner/docs](https://github.com/jessetanner/docs)@[2ac542df69...](https://github.com/jessetanner/docs/commit/2ac542df696b0ddebc15f22a9a58868a934a3ad3)
#### Sunday 2020-10-25 22:55:15 by jessetanner

Tincap will allways sit on top  

Lk.scal.hldg.t.blceftgyront2.fal.ovr.ad.n.(le-via.)wil.evr.b.fnd.or.relsd.wlst.1.stil.nt.rip.y.for.it.cn.is.con.b.lt.tm.alpha.omega.ty.al.4.tri.if .1 lt.u.dw.iapp.bt.4.mt.1 luvu.al.vr.mch.4.te.ppl.i.thgt.u.wer.rth.deciv.1.r.nt.1.cld.on.ech.ofu.ad.u.wr.x.4.1.2.tht.1.4ver.wil.b.gr8.fl. changes proposed are as follows if I do get with a ecs 4 lit.uv.chld.tg. it will be out of the kindness n bond.i hld 4 subject x. Not an alternative motv.btw if we proceed in dirct.4m hre.it.will.be to gv tg a bright future n not anything.else.im a pattern of questionable behavior however when it come to the subject at hand I'll move mounds or fight tigers dragons n bears to protect preserve and keep bright.to my best abby and I'm sure if I have shrtcmng u all will be available to pick up the slack as..it is still written from the root of. jc.a branch will shoot 4th and the seed of jc.will be the great kngofallnations and his name will b . D.A. and nothing has ever failed to happen after he spoke it.so.l see my fails and my accomplishments some not so great as b4 but what good is it to give a man the world and all therein it if it cost him his soul. At a time I felt I lost or doubted mine but now I've gained it at least 3 fold, so turn the cheek I thank u all for your time but those of you still holding things of senament to me I will be collecting the easy way or the other but for the most part the things of greatest value to the people of the trials at hand I dont want that expensive or prof.abl things I will be collecting what I find dear to my heart. I dont care about who did what with them but the will be returned....I've been sexually assaulted by several b4 n I committed a suicide attempt numerous times I've had my songs and parts of my soul stolen from me not sayin I didnt deserve some bad to come around but not I've lost everything beyond and then found out who i am i will get sideways about the coins of arb and his guns records and the horse with no rider saying waitonthbss idc who has it he wants the hrs back I believe and I will be getting those pocket coins and his few fire arms or we can all go see God again idc.thanks for your help your creepy surveillance but hey I understand what's at stake so with that I bid due  until further notice.

---

# [<](2020-10-24.md) 2020-10-25 [>](2020-10-26.md)

