# [<](2020-10-08.md) 2020-10-09 [>](2020-10-10.md)

2,859,503 events, 1,560,064 push events, 2,273,370 commit messages, 156,600,582 characters


## [MatthewDwyer/botman](https://github.com/MatthewDwyer/botman)@[694c7c1cec...](https://github.com/MatthewDwyer/botman/commit/694c7c1cec42f058742b1d6c007f0fc695fc93c3)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 00:07:43 by Smegz0r

Bug fixes, added SQLite, lots of changes

Added SQLite database and moved the MySQL memory tables to it to reduce load on the main database engine mainly for hosted bots where one engine is responsible for many bots.

Changed the random number function so it uses the local bot's SQLite database instead of MySQL.

Added a random password generator function mainly for the bot to use with Alloc's web API when setting the web token.

Fixed issue with the /who command giving too much info to players it shouldn't.  Sorry if you missed out.

Fixed bug in the location safezone command.  You could not undo the safezone command due to me using true instead of false.  Ooops.

Recoded the /gamble command (and its aliases).  It should no longer give less tickets than asked for unless you don't have enough cash or doing so would exceed the maximum tickets (which is 100).  It didn't ever charge for tickets not issued.  Now it works a bit differently internally.  It first collects all the tickets, then removes ones you already have and it uses that remaining pool to randomly select tickets for you.  The old code was more of a dartboard approach, but dartboards aren't edible so I'm now using a cheeseboard.

Fixed a bug in the /track command and related commands.  Mostly the bug and the fix happened before updating github so there's nothing much to see of it here.

Players that are whitelisted in the bot's whitelist can now connect using a proxy without the bot banning them for that.

The botman config now has its own parser function.  There is more work to be done with that but it means that the bot can now read and process it in telnet mode or API mode.

Telnet traffic displayed in Mudlet's own main window is now suppressed after a short time and only displays for about a minute on server and bot startup.  There is an updated Bot profile with a button to toggle this feature should you need to see telnet traffic there.

A minor bugfix was done to the bot's slots system as it was getting out of sync with how many players were actually on the server versus the slots table and the bot was incorrectly telling players that the server was full when it wasn't.

The bot's Google translate feature has been disabled in the code.  It may come back in the future.

The bot's afk (idle) kick timer is now configurable.

The bot will attempt to secure its IRC channels with a password if you set one.  This also requires that you are using a modern version of Mudlet not the old modded version from 6 years ago.  You really should upgrade (self-hosters).  Hosted bots are all using the modern Mudlet already.

The bot can now detect when it has fallen off the IRC channels and will auto-rejoin them.  This may require the modern Mudlet.  I am not sure if this is fully supported by the old modded Mudlet.

Fixed (again) a bug that causes on rare occasions (usually) a player to get reset in the bot as if they were new again.  The previous bugfix which is probably also new to this update helped but there were still some players getting reset.  The bot now looks for them in a table called events that the bot fills with player joins, deaths and other events.  If the bot finds their steam id in that table it does not reset them as new.  If this still doesn't fix it I will need to hand in my [MAN] card.

The irc command 'show inventory' now has an exclude {player name} option.  Currently it can only exclude 1 player but it is useful if you want to see what inventory happened in a base and exclude the base owner.  Later I will make it possible to add lots of names so you can do this with shared bases.

Fixed a bug with loading player records into the bot's in-memory players table that was causing the number of records there to not always match the number of records in the database players table.  This bug was partly responsible for resetting some players as new when they joined the server.

Added SQLite databases and code to manage them.  SQLite is amazing!  I wish I had figured out how to use it years earlier.  I am using to to reduce load on the MySQL database.  This means that each bot can do the bulk of its rapid and frequent database tasks without touching the main database engine which in turn means that bots will experience less lag and commands will respond much quicker.

The reconnect timer no longers sets web tokens.  This was causing a slow infinite loop sometimes of setting web tokens.

New commands:

{/set player {steam id/name/entity id} name {new name}
Uses the botman console command bm-overridechatname or Stompy's bc-playername override console command if the Botman mod is missing.  This changes the in-game player name in chat however there is currently a bug in the Botman mod where it works but only in private chat which isn't very useful.

---
## [the-garlic-os/parrot](https://github.com/the-garlic-os/parrot)@[3d51f1dcb5...](https://github.com/the-garlic-os/parrot/commit/3d51f1dcb55acba2576d69baf593eccfd8d86a5b)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 00:59:31 by garlicOS®

Core functionality complete

today is good day

I have tested all the current commands and I consider Parrot ready for action. There are definitely some hacks and inconsistent practices in this code, but... it's working!!

A couple new commands joining last minute are Intimidate and Gibberish. Intimidate is Imitate but in all caps and bold, and Gibberish uses thinkzone.wlonk.com's GibGen algorithm to make gibberish out of user-supplied text.

A new ParrotEmbed is here that extends MessageEmbed. Right now it just adds a couple nice defaults, but who knows what else I'll put in it in the future! Maybe nothing!

Also, I had to get rid of the fun typing indicator I wrapped Imitate in when I realized that the reason it takes several seconds for Parrot to stop typing after I have supposedly called the method isn't actually my fault. discord.js just sucks at stopping typing promptly. discord.py handles this just fine, so I don't know what discord.js's deal is. Oh, well. I guess this is just an incentive for me to keep the command fast enough that it doesn't necessarily need the typing indicator.

---
## [rorydale/pointbreakradio](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio)@[06181033b0...](https://github.com/rorydale/pointbreakradio/commit/06181033b0a39dba06f23e4b14381627b90b8811)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 02:23:59 by Rory Dale

2020-10-08

Thursday, October 8th, 2020 - the smoooooooth 70s sounds show! Dr. Phil "Musical Coming of Age shows" Edwards inspired me again this morning by sending me a video of a version of Baker Street that we performed a few years ago as part of the band Bloody Holly. That set me off on a 70s rock vibe. Thanks Phil!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[ed01fd7852...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/ed01fd785287496ea9587f9f04868b58441e4f8b)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 08:14:07 by Marko Grdinić

"9:15am. Yesterday was another day I went to bed at 8pm because I was so tired.

I kept thinking about packages. Unlike regular files which have a linear compilation order in the package, a package A can have packages B and C as dependencies. And B and C should be build concurrently rather than linearly.

One thing in particular that gave me trouble is how to communicate information to A that B and C have changes.

I wanted that multiple other packages could read the output of one, so that rules out channels. A channel is only suitable for one to one communication, otherwise I would need multiples of them.

I kept iterating it in my head: channel, observable, mvar, ivar of ivars, ivar of channels...

Basically I would really have like is something like a MVar for which the others can react to when it changes. This was a huge problem for me that I could not figure out how. That I got to the root of it, and imagined, since I am already thinking of ivar of ivars, what if I added another field that signifies changes?

In the end I imagined something like this:

```fs
type 'a T = T of 'a IVar * 'a T IVar
```

Yeah, this was exactly what I needed. This would work for communicating information to multiple parties. What is this?

A fucking stream.

So in the end I literally thought of everything except the tool that I needed. When I made the connection, it came me the last of all.

Hopac has streams. It is just that I was too dumb to use them.

9:30am. Getting more intimate with them will be my job today. The reason this happened is because I've cemented the image of streams being infinite lists in my head. This is wrong; what I should be thinking instead is MVars that can be reacted to.

One thing I am going to get to the bottom of today is how to create promises. I keep passing those IVars everywhere, but that implies that other parties can fill them. Instead I should clearly indicate what is input and what is output.

```cs
  /// <summary>Represents a write once variable.</summary>
  public class IVar<T> : Promise<T> {
```

Ahhhhhhh...so IVar inherits from Promise. I thought of checking for this yesterday, and it turned out to be true!

9:35am. Well, that will make turning `IVar`s into promises straightforward. I just have to upcast them.

9:40am. Yeah, a plan is coming to me how to redesign all the servers so they use streams instead of channels.

```fs
        Hopac.start (
            let res = IVar()
            Ch.give tokenizer (f res) >>=.
            IVar.read res >>= fun (blocks,tokenizer_errors) ->
            queue.Enqueue(TokenizerErrors {|uri=uri; errors=tokenizer_errors|})

            let req_tc = IVar()
            Ch.give typechecker req_tc >>=.
            Ch.give hover req_tc >>=.

            let res = IVar()
            Ch.give parser {blocks=blocks; res=res} >>=.
            IVar.read res >>= fun parser ->
            queue.Enqueue(ParserErrors {|errors=parser.errors; uri=uri|})

            let res = IVar()
            IVar.fill req_tc {bundles=parser.bundles; res=res} >>=.
            IVar.read res >>= fun tc ->
            tc |> Seq.foldJob (fun errors tc ->
                IVar.read tc >>- fun tc ->
                let errors = List.append tc.errors errors
                queue.Enqueue(TypeErrors {|errors=errors; uri=uri|})
                errors
                ) [] >>- ignore
            )
```

I mean just look at this. I have these `res` variables here. I have to create them, fill them and then read them out.

I should just turn the errors into streams and put them on a conveytor belt straight to the editor. The same goes for the hovers. The way this works now is so complicated.

9:45am. I am going to redesign this all from scratch. But right now let me chill. Before I get to that thought, let me do something.

```fs
let tokenize text = (spaces >>. many_array token .>> (eol <|> tab) |>> Array.collect List.toArray) {from=0; text=text}
```

It has been bothering me how on an tokenizer error, the line will just get cut off.

```fs
let inline many_resize_array a d =
    let ar = ResizeArray()
    let rec loop () =
        let s = index d
        match a d with
        | Ok _ when s = index d -> failwith "The parser succeeded without changing the parser index in `many`. Had an exception not been raised the parser would have diverged."
        | Ok x -> ar.Add x; loop()
        | Error er -> if s = index d then Ok ar else Error er
    loop ()
```

I've been trying to refactor this last time, but failed. But I got the idea last night how to abstract this.

```fs
let inline many_iter f a d =
    let rec loop () =
        let s = index d
        match a d with
        | Ok _ when s = index d -> failwith "The parser succeeded without changing the parser index in `many`. Had an exception not been raised the parser would have diverged."
        | Ok x -> f x; loop()
        | Error er -> if s = index d then Ok() else Error er
    loop ()
```

This is what I should have done.

```fs
let inline many_resize_array a d =
    let ar = ResizeArray()
    match many_iter ar.Add a d with
    | Ok() -> Ok(ar)
    | Error er -> Error er
```

This is the way to do this.

```fs
let tokenize text =
    let ar = ResizeArray()
    let er = match (spaces >>. many_iter ar.Add token .>> (eol <|> tab)) {from=0; text=text} with Ok() -> [] | Error er -> er
    Array.collect List.toArray (ar.ToArray()), er
```

Yeah, this is the form I've been looking for.

```fs
let toks, ers = Array.map (tokenize >> function Ok a -> a, [] | Error er -> [||], er) edit.lines |> Array.unzip
```

This is how it was in tokenize previously. This will be the easiest refactor ever.

Let me give this a try.

...Yeah, it works just the way I'd want it to. Great.

I knew this pattern, and yet it completely slipped my mind. How embarassing.

10am. Things are looking up. My image of streams up to now was that they are immutable, but now that I know this is not the case - it should have been obvious if I thought about it, I have a lot more flexibility.

I can do this.

10:05am. I am going to have to decicate some time for this thought. Now way can I redesign all the servers that easily.

10:10am. One thing I still haven't figured out is how to deal with compilation triggers. Everything I can think of feels so complicated. Especially when I get to packages...

But I've made progress. Rather than start with packages right away, let me deal with multi file compilation first. That will be my first aim.

One way or another, I am going to get my wish of getting more familiar with Hopac. This is the time to really dive into it.

For now, let me watch Assault Lily and get breakfast. Then I'll do this properly."

---
## [mafli91/adbv862](https://github.com/mafli91/adbv862)@[f43431e1f5...](https://github.com/mafli91/adbv862/commit/f43431e1f5c43e037d366124f1739621ae2a8a2d)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 11:21:53 by mafli91

BOOTCAMP PROJECT

A game of a sweet pink bouncing ball.
Your task is simple- collect all of the coloured dots appearing on the screen while fighting a desperate and unfair battle against the physics. But watch out.
Dont step off to the spikes that appeared at the bottom or they will kill you. You don't want that.
To help yourself navigate the game using A, S, D and move one of the platforms with your mouse.
The odds are against you and the physics are a bit wonky so...
GOOD LUCK!
And remember- just like in real life you work hard to defy death and score some points with every bounce but for what?
What is the meaning of life?
Is 42 good enough for this little ball?

---
## [pytorch/pytorch](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)@[27c362de84...](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/commit/27c362de84ada551e9a114eba30df521e59945e1)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 14:26:55 by Edward Z. Yang

Rewrite implementation of faithful cpp signatures

This rewrite is as per my comments at https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/44087#issuecomment-701664506
I did the rewrite by reverting #44087 and then reimplementing it on top.
You may find it easier to review by diffing against master with only #44087
reverted.

There are two main ideas.

First, we now factor cpp argument processing into two phases operating
on three representations of data:

1. `FunctionSchema` - this is the source from native_functions.yaml
2. `Union[Argument, ThisArgument, TensorOptionsArgument]` - this is
   the arguments after doing some basic semantic analysis to group
   them (for TensorOptions) or identify the this argument (if this
   is a method).  There is only ever one of these per functions.
3. `Union[CppArgument, CppThisArgument, CppTensorOptionsArgument]` -
   this is the arguments after we've elaborated them to C++.  There
   may be multiple of these per actual C++ signature.

You can think of (2) as common processing, whereas (3) bakes in specific
assumptions about whether or not you have a faithful or non-faithful
signature.

Second, we now have CppSignature and CppSignatureGroup representing
the *total* public C++ API signature.  So those dataclasses are what
know how to render definitions/declarations, and you no longer have
to manually type it out in the Functions/TensorMethods codegen.

Here is an exhaustive accounting of the changes.

tools.codegen.api.types

- CppSignature and CppSignatureGroup got moved to tools.codegen.api.types
- Add new CppThisArgument and CppTensorOptionsArguments (modeled off
  of ThisArgument and TensorOptionsArguments) so that we can retain
  high level semantic structure even after elaborating terms with C++
  API information.  Once this is done, we can refine
  CppArgument.argument to no longer contain a ThisArgument (ThisArgument
  is always translated to CppThisArgument.  Note that this doesn't
  apply to TensorOptionsArguments, as those may be expanded or not
  expanded, and so you could get a single CppArgument for 'options')
- Add no_default() functional mutator to easily remove default arguments
  from CppArgument and friends
- Add an explicit_arguments() method to CppArgument and friends to
  extract (flat) argument list that must be explicitly written in the signature.
  This is everything except (Cpp)ThisArgument, and is also convenient
  when you don't care about the extra structure of
  CppTensorOptionsArguments

tools.codegen.api.cpp

- group_arguments is back, and it doesn't send things directly to a
  CppSignatureGroup; instead, it moves us from representation (1) to (2)
  (perhaps it should live in model).  Here I changed my mind from my
  PR comment; I discovered it was not necessary to do classification at
  grouping time, and it was simpler and easier to do it later.
- argument got split into argument_not_this/argument/argument_faithful.
  argument and argument_faithful are obvious enough what they do,
  and I needed argument_not_this as a more refined version of argument
  so that I could get the types to work out on TensorOptionsArguments

tools.codegen.api.dispatcher

- Here we start seeing the payoff.  The old version of this code had a
  "scatter" mode and a "gather" mode.  We don't need that anymore:
  cppargument_exprs is 100% type-directed via the passed in cpp
  arguments.  I am able to write the functions without any reference
  to use_c10_dispatcher

tools.codegen.gen

- Instead of having exprs_str and types_str functions, I moved these to
  live directly on CppSignature, since it seemed pretty logical.
- The actual codegen for TensorMethods/Functions is greatly simplified,
  since (1) all of the heavy lifting is now happening in
  CppSignature(Group) construction, and (2) I don't need to proxy one
  way or another, the new dispatcher translation code is able to handle
  both cases no problem.  There is a little faffing about with ordering
  to reduce the old and new diff which could be removed afterwards.

Here are codegen diffs.  For use_c10_dispatcher: full:

```
+// aten::_cudnn_init_dropout_state(float dropout, bool train, int dropout_seed, *, ScalarType? dtype=None, Layout? layout=None, Device? device=None, bool? pin_memory=False) -> Tensor
 Tensor _cudnn_init_dropout_state(double dropout, bool train, int64_t dropout_seed, const TensorOptions & options) {
-    return _cudnn_init_dropout_state(dropout, train, dropout_seed, optTypeMetaToScalarType(options.dtype_opt()), options.layout_opt(), options.device_opt(), options.pinned_memory_opt());
+    static auto op = c10::Dispatcher::singleton()
+        .findSchemaOrThrow("aten::_cudnn_init_dropout_state", "")
+        .typed<Tensor (double, bool, int64_t, c10::optional<ScalarType>, c10::optional<Layout>, c10::optional<Device>, c10::optional<bool>)>();
+    return op.call(dropout, train, dropout_seed, optTypeMetaToScalarType(options.dtype_opt()), options.layout_opt(), options.device_opt(), options.pinned_memory_opt());
 }
```

Otherwise:

```
+// aten::empty_meta(int[] size, *, ScalarType? dtype=None, Layout? layout=None, Device? device=None, bool? pin_memory=None, MemoryFormat? memory_format=None) -> Tensor
 Tensor empty_meta(IntArrayRef size, c10::optional<ScalarType> dtype, c10::optional<Layout> layout, c10::optional<Device> device, c10::optional<bool> pin_memory, c10::optional<MemoryFormat> memory_format) {
-    return empty_meta(size, TensorOptions().dtype(dtype).layout(layout).device(device).pinned_memory(pin_memory), memory_format);
+    static auto op = c10::Dispatcher::singleton()
+        .findSchemaOrThrow("aten::empty_meta", "")
+        .typed<Tensor (IntArrayRef, const TensorOptions &, c10::optional<MemoryFormat>)>();
+    return op.call(size, TensorOptions().dtype(dtype).layout(layout).device(device).pinned_memory(pin_memory), memory_format);
 }
```

Things that I probably did not get right:

- The Union[Argument, TensorOptionsArguments, ThisArgument] and
  the Cpp variants are starting to get a little unwieldy.  Not sure if
  this means I should add a supertype (or at the very least an
  alias); in some cases I do purposely omit one of these from the Union
- Code may not necessarily live in the most logical files.  There isn't
  very much rhyme or reason to it.
- The fields on CppSignature.  They're not very well constrained and
  it will be better if people don't use them directly.
- Disambiguation.  We should do this properly in #44087 and we don't
  need special logic for deleting defaulting for faithful signatures;
  there is a more general story here.

Signed-off-by: Edward Z. Yang <ezyang@fb.com>

ghstack-source-id: 3342290648ac6df596ba9c37e0c92b78fa954cae
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/45890

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge)@[fa88e38361...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/fa88e38361dd292e7ff01ff3fdeecbc619521ec8)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 16:24:19 by Nikita Voloboev

api home-automation build-systems compilers computer-vision image-processing metal ray-tracing svg parsing data-science blockchain cassandra databases memcached color design-inspiration fonts icons devops terraform css-grid tailwind-css html unity gamedev politics cpu gpu coffee latex macOS-apps sketch tweetbot xcode datasets ml-libraries pytorch machine-learning generative-adversarial-networks neural-networks reinforcement-learning graph-theory http iot matrix networking peer-to-peer ssh nlp github-actions github docker coreml ios ipad other wiki-workflow nix physics privacy bash c-libraries clojure-libraries clojure coq cpp-libraries d go-libraries go haskell js-libraries react-hooks react-native react vue julia-libraries ocaml datalog django python-libraries python reasonml ruby-libraries rust-libraries rust swift-libraries swiftui swift typescript-libraries embedded-systems jupyter-notebooks json logging protocol-buffers git marketing cryptography encryption security mastodon social-networks emacs-packages vim-plugins email telegram tools shell video browsers safari stylish-themes deno nodejs rss search-engines static-sites web-accessibility web-components web webassembly consultancies cv

---
## [Tackwin/Messenger_Viewer](https://github.com/Tackwin/Messenger_Viewer)@[408a79d257...](https://github.com/Tackwin/Messenger_Viewer/commit/408a79d2576d1c9e8ce0f6f3187f4b067d925f22)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 16:27:48 by Luca Bourroux

Fuck this shit, there isn't one simple dependency free rest client api for c++. Gonna make my own win"é api is not that complicated.

---
## [nottinghamtec/PyRIGS](https://github.com/nottinghamtec/PyRIGS)@[d7678f6b6f...](https://github.com/nottinghamtec/PyRIGS/commit/d7678f6b6fd21dbea515eb5145950fbfb3af81f3)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 16:40:08 by FreneticScribbler

Update polyfill for datetime-local

Bloody Firefox. We love to hate you. Proper CSS of the fill to come, SoonTM.

Closes #391

---
## [beardhero/Hexcraft](https://github.com/beardhero/Hexcraft)@[548535f222...](https://github.com/beardhero/Hexcraft/commit/548535f222091d6c4d25b71500e5d578aa73cc90)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 18:12:52 by dreamienb

holy fucking shit why dude, why the fuck is this file always fucking here. im fucking committing it so this shit can fucking end.

---
## [no-sneck-no-heck-snake/tax-y](https://github.com/no-sneck-no-heck-snake/tax-y)@[65a2af5259...](https://github.com/no-sneck-no-heck-snake/tax-y/commit/65a2af5259a0226ec8b2f5b96fd01c5b90e1ecc5)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 18:32:06 by Livio Brunner

Jonas suckt dick yo don't rename your shit yo fuck you

---
## [brianchandotcom/liferay-learn](https://github.com/brianchandotcom/liferay-learn)@[d2ee0a2354...](https://github.com/brianchandotcom/liferay-learn/commit/d2ee0a23542122b7a8f528e60253efde691beee1)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 19:00:54 by Brian Chan

Dear Nate,

I miss you bro. I recall our last conversation, the day before you died, and I wish I had said more.

I'm so thankful to have had you as a friend and coworker the past 14 years.

Every time I look at CSS and JavaScript, or see the word Alloy/AUI, I think of you.

Every time I format a computer, I think of you. You gave me your [dotfiles](https://github.com/natecavanaugh/dotfiles).

Every time I merge a pull request, I think of you. I still use your [Git tools](https://github.com/natecavanaugh/git-pull-request) and probably will so long as GitHub and Git are a thing.

We're naming 7.4 after you and breaking our pattern of naming releases. Yeah, you're one of the few who knows about our secret naming scheme.

I know where your body lies [here](https://sgo.forestlawn.com/?search=1&sradio=grave&fname=Nathan&slast=Cavanaugh#sgo_results). Your body is buried in lot 1956, space 3, in Covina Hills. But you are not your body.

And you are not just our memories of you. Even when we all die, and everyone who has ever met you here on Earth breathes their last, you will still be you. And you will still be more than your body.

So Nate, where are you now?

My heart sank when I found out you died.

The last few years of your life were dark. Many of us were sad for your home life, and to a large degree, that reflected in your work life.

I couldn't get rid of the thought in my head... what if you were not a true Christian? What if you are in hell right now?

...

[Luke 16:19-31](https://biblia.com/bible/esv/luke/16/19-31) popped into my head. And I realized, even if you are in hell, you would want to warn us all to live in such a way as to escape hell.

For those of us who call ourselves Christians, you would warn us sternly to persevere to the end. [Hebrews 3:14](https://biblia.com/bible/esv/hebrews/3/14). [1 John 2:19](https://biblia.com/bible/esv/1-john/2/19).

For those of us who do not claim to **conhecer** Jesus, you would urge us to take Jesus' free gift of salvation. You would explain to us that all humans are sinful and deserve an eternity in hell for perverting God's name. But God, rich in mercy, sent his Son, Jesus, to die for us, so that the wrath of God that we deserve, would be imprinted on him, and his righteousness would be imprinted on us.

You would jump up and down, and point to the finite age of the Universe, with an exact beginning. You would point out the existence of matter, the laws of physics, of math, of Euler's number, of the Golden Ratio, and of all the unique properties of the elements in the periodic table that allow for a Universe to sustain intelligent life. And if the Universe is finely tuned, it is finely tuned by God.

You would point to the racism, sexual immorality, greed, and violence that is plain for all to see. None could say with a straight face that evil does not exist. And if objective evil and morality exist, they must be defined outside of us, by God.

And you would ask us all to examine our hearts, and if we are honest with ourselves, we would see that we have all been racist, sexually immoral, greedy, and violent. We have all defamed the name of God.

And you would point us to Jesus, God in the flesh, who loves us, and nailed on himself, on the cross, all the guilt and punishment that we deserve for defaming God's name, to give those who hope in him, eternal life.

You would say to me, and urge me, to hold onto Jesus, because he holds onto me, so as to not end up in hell.

I reached out to @sez11a. And I asked him straight up, "Do you think Nate is in hell?" @sez11a rebuked me and affirmed with me confidence of your salvation as I sat broken. Many other Christians agreed, affirmed, and comforted me.

Nate, [Hebrews 6:9](https://biblia.com/bible/esv/hebrews/6/9) popped into my head. And that verse gave me strength.

Later, I also remembered, all the long conversations we had together, of us exulting in God's grace and mercy toward us undeserving sinners.

Yes, Nate, we all deserve hell, but Jesus died to save you, and me, and all who hope in his grace.

Nate, when Jesus returns, and Heaven and Earth are merged together, and the Earth is renewed, and we both run around with our new bodies, eating and drinking... I want to work with you again on another open source project. How about we spend a 100 years or a millenia on it? You do the frontend, I'll do the backend. Sounds good?

x

---
## [okoshovetc/memcached](https://github.com/okoshovetc/memcached)@[a2dbb36353...](https://github.com/okoshovetc/memcached/commit/a2dbb36353507854f67148e6e4f48ac7b51be668)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 21:04:05 by Oleg Koshovets

Update README for the sake of "It just works" experience

This commit makes me question every life decision that lead to the
point where I unironically make a PR to fix README.
It's actually not that bad as Hacktoberfests' PRs, because it creates a
possibility to just copy-paste instructions from README and start
playing with tarantool as a memcached replacement. Still I feel kinda
dumb now.

---
## [CTSRD-CHERI/cheribuild](https://github.com/CTSRD-CHERI/cheribuild)@[ef838d65b2...](https://github.com/CTSRD-CHERI/cheribuild/commit/ef838d65b238b59c775ba0e2135dc1dcbfa8b9a0)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 22:38:00 by Alex Richardson

Stop defaulting to hybrid/purecap MIPS for targets such as run/cheribsd/etc.

We support many different target architectures and while it made sense a
few years ago to default to hybrid/purecap MIPS for all of these targets,
we should be explicit now.

This patch changes (almost) all targets that can be built for more than
one architecture to require an explicit suffix.
The only targets that retain a default mapping are llvm -> llvm-native
(since users probably want to build a native CHERI llvm and not an
experimental version build for MIPS/RISC-V) and the FETT targets which
default to purecap CHERI-RISC-V.

Note to self: the code to select targets and the metaclass that adds the
per-architecture classes dynamically is an awful accident caused by small
incremental changes and should really be rewritten.

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[d237736355...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/d2377363553f92d32ad4a5d281834687f060026b)
#### Friday 2020-10-09 23:07:03 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 10/9/2020 11:00:00 PM

 1. Added: NVIDIA Uses AI to Slash Bandwidth on Video Calls
    (https://petapixel.com/2020/10/06/nvidia-uses-ai-to-slash-bandwidth-on-video-calls/)
 2. Added: A History Of Elliptic Curves In Tweets
    (https://www.cryptologie.net/links/link/2365)
 3. Added: Stopping a Project
    (https://blog.ueber.io/post/stopping-a-project/)
 4. Added: Thanking random internet people
    (https://critter.blog/2020/10/09/thanking-random-internet-people/)
 5. Added: Brainwashing by Social Media
    (https://smist08.wordpress.com/2020/10/09/brainwashing-by-social-media/)
 6. Added: Memory Safe ‘curl’ for a More Secure Internet
    (https://www.abetterinternet.org/post/memory-safe-curl/)
 7. Added: One Year Of Verifpal: Understanding Verifpal’S Relationship With Cryptographic Protocol Security
    (https://www.cryptologie.net/links/link/2366)
 8. Added: Electronic Signature and Sales Document Tracking Software
    (https://www.docsketch.com/)
 9. Added: On Learning and Knowledge Management
    (https://rekowl.com/u/yanis/knowledge-management)
10. Added: Could you do this?
    (https://mco.dev/could-you-do-this/)
11. Added: How I hacked my social media addiction and restored my habit of reading? – Quit Being An Idiot
    (https://quitbeinganidiot.com/how-i-cured-my-social-media-addiction-and-restored-my-habit-of-reading/)
12. Added: Git scraping: track changes over time by scraping to a Git repository
    (https://simonwillison.net/2020/Oct/9/git-scraping/)
13. Added: Down the ergonomic keyboard rabbit hole
    (https://blog.scottlogic.com/2020/10/09/ergo-rabbit-hole.html)
14. Added: Microsoft Is Leader in API Management, Seen as Key to Post-Pandemic 'New Normal' -- Visual Studio Magazine
    (https://visualstudiomagazine.com/articles/2020/10/09/gartner_api.aspx)
15. Added: Working From Home
    (http://mathieuhendey.com/posts/working-from-home/)

Generation took: 00:06:53.2170572
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---

# [<](2020-10-08.md) 2020-10-09 [>](2020-10-10.md)

