# [<](2020-03-24.md) 2020-03-25 [>](2020-03-26.md)

2,489,225 events, 1,236,019 push events, 2,005,171 commit messages, 153,084,965 characters


## [vawser/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3)@[900ea6352c...](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3/commit/900ea6352c8669c2441aeb882f8e61304935b95a)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 02:33:11 by Vawser

Update

- Removed all the cosmetic look rings and changed them into re-usable items. They now last until death or you use another one:
 - Rattling Finger: skeleton form
 - Murky Finger: murkman form
 - Elixir of Ghosts: tomb ghost
 - Accursed Elixir: cursed hollow sfx
 - Psychedelic Elixir: rainbow phantom
 - Darkmoon Elixir: darkmoon phantom
 - Holy Elixir: spear of the church phantom
 - Earthen Elixir: watchdog phantom
 - Abyssal Elixir: aldrich faithful phantom
 - Sunlight Elixir: warrior of sunlight phantom
 - Maddening Elixir: mad phantom
 - Bloody Elixir: red phantom
 - Demonic Elixir: chaos servant phantom
 - Elixir of Cooperation: white phantom
 - Elixir of Deceit: human form

---
## [microsoft/terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)@[680577f55c...](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/commit/680577f55c6927ae4f1a63ae396aff6b9b0fae66)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 02:41:18 by Michael Niksa

Update til::bitmap to use dynamic_bitset<> + libpopcnt (#5092)

This commit replaces `std::vector<bool>` with `dynamic_bitset<>` by
@pinam45 (https://github.com/pinam45/dynamic_bitset) and with
`libpopcnt` for high-performance bit counting by @kimwalisch
(https://github.com/kimwalisch/libpopcnt).

* [x] In support of performance, incremental rendering, and Terminal
  "not speed enough" as well as my sanity relative to
  `std::vector<bool>`
* [x] Tests updated and passed.
* [x] `LICENSE`, `NOTICE`, and provenance files updated.
* [x] I'm a core contributor. I discussed it with @DHowett-MSFT and
  cleared the licensing checks before pulling this in.

## Details `std::vector<bool>` provided by the Microsoft VC Runtime is
incapable of a great many things. Many of the methods you come to expect
off of `std::vector<T>` that are dutifully presented through the `bool`
variant will spontaneously fail at some future date because it decides
you allocated, resized, or manipulated the `vector<bool>` specialization
in an unsupported manner. Half of the methods will straight up not work
for filling/resizing in bulk. And you will tear your hair out as it will
somehow magically forget the assignment of half the bits you gave it
part way through an iteration then assert out and die.

As such, to preserve my sanity, I searched for an alternative. I came
across the self-contained header-only library `dynamic_bitset` by
@pinam45 which appears to do as much of `boost::dynamic_bitset` as I
wanted, but without including 400kg of boost libraries. It also has a
nifty optional dependency on `libpopcnt` by @kimwalisch that will use
processor-specific extensions for rapidly counting bits. @DHowett-MSFT
and I briefly discussed how nice `popcnt` would have been on
`std::vector<bool>` last week... and now we can have it. (To be fair, I
don't believe I'm using it yet... but we'll be able to easily dial in
`til::bitmap` soon and not worry about a performance hit if we do have
to walk bits and count them thanks to `libpopcnt`.)

This PR specifically focuses on swapping the dependencies out and
ingesting the new libraries. We'll further tune `til::bitmap` in future
pulls as necessary.

## Validation
* [x] Ran the automated tests for bitmap.
* [x] Ran the terminal manually and it looks fine still.

---
## [2020Nonprofit/TrackIT](https://github.com/2020Nonprofit/TrackIT)@[cb065d7d57...](https://github.com/2020Nonprofit/TrackIT/commit/cb065d7d57036fea291beb1831b305b0dc464e91)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 03:00:02 by Andreas

Add files via upload

This article (https://www.newscientist.com/article/2117854-smartwatches-know-youre-getting-a-cold-days-before-you-feel-ill/) explains that, “Once these wearables collect enough data to know what your normal baseline readings are, they can get very good at sensing when something’s amiss,” says Snyder. “We think that if your heart rate and skin temperature are elevated for about 2 hours, there’s a strong chance you’re getting sick.”  So I implemented a contentious  heart rate monitor with Apple Watch that alerts you if your heart rate is elevated for 2 hours or more.  I also added a notification if you've been in contact with someone who is sick.  The peer connectivity fully functions and is so far infinite, yah! :). Next step connect it to a database.

---
## [austation/austation](https://github.com/austation/austation)@[0081eb7ba2...](https://github.com/austation/austation/commit/0081eb7ba2907d340e51f92ad128ea0feff29d20)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 08:14:58 by AuStation Bot

[MIRROR] I have done nothing but code bread for three hours (#1449)

* I have done nothing but code bread for three hours (#1396)

* I think i figgered this out

* should fix it

* Revert "should fix it"

This reverts commit f4af2bd841184fd4dd157061f86e87d401e3ad65.

* fuckin vscpode

* viewers

* fuckin

hate this shit

* Made an oopsie here

* I have done nothing but code bread for three hours

Co-authored-by: zeskorion <49600480+zeskorion@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [nikolai-cc/mvp](https://github.com/nikolai-cc/mvp)@[388780d5da...](https://github.com/nikolai-cc/mvp/commit/388780d5dac063629c72c2ae708653950c77c47f)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 09:22:36 by Nikolai

Fix tables on small (iPhone SE) screen sizes.

Lovely little project! Had a bit of trouble reading the table on my iPhone SE.

Displaying the table as `block` and adding `overflow-x: scroll` allows users on small screens to horizontally scroll the full table (even when they get bigger than four columns).

---
## [RaphielGang/spins_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845](https://github.com/RaphielGang/spins_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845)@[9381dc3319...](https://github.com/RaphielGang/spins_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/commit/9381dc3319088a56d87420c33e88ea8f29be3203)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 10:00:57 by Rapherion Rollerscaperers

tfa98xx: Holy shit what the fuck CAF

Bro

Signed-off-by: Rapherion Rollerscaperers <rapherion@raphielgang.org>

---
## [vk0xOrg/twitter-followers-tracker](https://github.com/vk0xOrg/twitter-followers-tracker)@[fd43b24337...](https://github.com/vk0xOrg/twitter-followers-tracker/commit/fd43b24337342d09d6c41d07166d15edbd26fae2)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 11:02:13 by twitter-checker

friends: 23 users added, 21 users removed

23 new users:
  KosMashkovskiy (817050075025248256)
  ODavydovych (913386499328143360)
  Durdy31762107 (1216132030003544074)
  aoezay (341040112)
  Tick_hero (4112563618)
  bulkinidze (2553198306)
  kit_huntana (2288261926)
  v_artemchuk (319194344)
  sigmavit (129112646)
  doug_ruff (758836819140018179)
  Romanipe (1253668202)
  chomczuk (20976306)
  S1alker (2939475833)
  Lys_Mykyta (218704747)
  DiversesManagm1 (1034577586121269249)
  KqfFaKKTwRcLCMG (1166688172325113858)
  hellishyounggod (1084072429759148034)
  kosopys (1123331770013880320)
  dryushka (2887479604)
  akmal_sheer (3749723652)
  MateuszSwietlik (1710983263)
  a_guillem (373525646)
  namejs10 (1103912457498574848)

21 users removed:
  MaxSubkh (536680099)
  kozlomordofob (1109417372488814592)
  GenadiLomaschvi (354252067)
  Gregwil42217782 (1197255745055657985)
  Jane_Rockland (192222418)
  cheborukhin (2278848053)
  Noise_Che (2273309117)
  Arnezami (55910612)
  KSalsback (902979229465403393)
  SvitYarm (540760044)
  JamesDavies010 (295371536)
  bruklin241 (968458909496299520)
  Artem14377771 (1217180449719619591)
  Lora36260534 (1172497254428659712)
  ag4mac (2290462047)
  mad_smile (92578000)
  fuckingtiraspol (2582239195)
  sdehghanpour (49128639)
  yegay_nadezhda (986493861961846784)
  DenisMerezhko (1215921792637984768)
  gvsky_ (220408537)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5d51312924...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5d51312924885f7d6db93ec50e0da727cc298e8a)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 12:21:13 by Marko Grdinić

"8:40pm. I've come to a design decision. I am going to remove regular type functions entirely from the language leaving that role solely to nominal types. I do not want to mess with equality here, or with issues with unification that will crop up when having type functions. So it is best to leave the unnecessary, but troublesome things out.

9:40pm. http://www.stephendiehl.com/posts/decade.html

9:50pm. "I used to work quite heavily on data science in Python, and I’m convinced the entire PyData ecosystem is actually a miracle made of magic fairy dust that has been extracted out of the crushed remains of academic careers."

3/25/2020

9:45am. I am up. Got a reply to that Giraffe issue from 3 weeks ago. Forgot it even existed. Maybe it would be good to give the Ionide extension for F# a try again. The issues I've been running into might have been due to the system locale.

```
'C:\Users\Marko\.nuget\packages\microsoft.aspnetcore.identity.ui\2.1.11\lib\netstandard2.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity.UI.dll': A positive number is required.
```

It seems it is missing some package. Why did it not get restored?

10am. Ok, enough of this. I am just wasting time in a bad way. Though now I can run hello world in the debugger I still do not know how to build the project. I'll leave this for later. The same goes for Giraffe. I don't need this right now.

10:15am. Let me chill a bit. I've forgotten what I am supposed to be doing due to these distractions. What I need to be doing is getting ready to learn the reactive stuff.

10:25am. But first let me finish chilling.

10:50am. Egh, let me just get breakfast.

1:15pm. Let me finally start.

Somehow all those distractions took me off my game. Today I will start my studies of reactive programming for real, starting with UIs. If to me this reactive stuff can become for UIs what parser combinators are for parsing, I will have made a major breakthrough in programming skill.

Svelte is great, but it is a language and not a general technique that I can apply liberally to various situations.

I need absolute power and flexibility here.

1:20pm. Let me pursue it. The day finally starts here."

---
## [IAmProgrammist/YourDayServer](https://github.com/IAmProgrammist/YourDayServer)@[3d7f890f0e...](https://github.com/IAmProgrammist/YourDayServer/commit/3d7f890f0e2d76d7adc4437485e910fbef068bb9)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 14:27:42 by IAmProgrammist

Sorry, KakoyPrazdnikSegodnya.ru, but you didn't want to be friends with us. Goodbye. Now we're using my-calend. He's true bruh.

---
## [jadudm/a-homework-assignment](https://github.com/jadudm/a-homework-assignment)@[0bf171ff1b...](https://github.com/jadudm/a-homework-assignment/commit/0bf171ff1b31f116cf2e62c4e0ed97a341d1daca)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 14:50:01 by Matt Jadud

Subtle, but obvious mistakes in paths.

First, I was checksumming the wrong thing.

I was checking

{path}/{token}

where I should have been checksumming

{token}/{path}

that is

12345/users

vs

users/12345

This would never make things work. I was momentarily worried I was
sending the '/' in the wrong place, which led to a few changes... but,
really, it was true... because I was sending the *path* in the wrong
place.

The debugger is a powerful thing. The brain, sometimes not as much...
the wrongness can stare you in the face, and you think you're right.

I'm unsure what test would have prevented that error. Ah. Well, I would
love a server at this point that returned intermediary values in
headers, so I could write tests against a "known good" implementation.
There won't be time for that right now, but that's what I would do...
have a testable server implementation, and write clients against it.
Then, I could write an evil server.

---
## [vladimiroltean/ls1028ardb-linux](https://github.com/vladimiroltean/ls1028ardb-linux)@[92d41e5e7d...](https://github.com/vladimiroltean/ls1028ardb-linux/commit/92d41e5e7d66610290ad124884f327a078421815)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 15:31:45 by Vladimir Oltean

net: bridge: implement auto-normalization of MTU for hardware datapath

In the initial attempt to add MTU configuration for DSA:

https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/cover/1199868/

Florian raised a concern about the bridge MTU normalization logic (when
you bridge an interface with MTU 9000 and one with MTU 1500). His
expectation was that the bridge would automatically change the MTU of
all its slave ports to the minimum MTU, if those slaves are part of the
same hardware bridge. However, it doesn't do that, and for good reason,
I think. What br_mtu_auto_adjust() does is it adjusts the MTU of the
bridge net device itself, and not that of any slave port.  If it were to
modify the MTU of the slave ports, the effect would be that the user
wouldn't be able to increase the MTU of any bridge slave port as long as
it was part of the bridge, which would be a bit annoying to say the
least.

The idea behind this behavior is that normal termination from Linux over
the L2 forwarding domain described by DSA should happen over the bridge
net device, which _is_ properly limited by the minimum MTU. And
termination over individual slave device is possible even if those are
bridged. But that is not "forwarding", so there's no reason to do
normalization there, since only a single interface sees that packet.

The real problem is with the offloaded data path, where of course, the
bridge net device MTU is ignored. So a packet received on an interface
with MTU 9000 would still be forwarded to an interface with MTU 1500.
And that is exactly what this patch is trying to prevent from happening.

Florian's idea was that all hardware ports having the same
netdev_port_same_parent_id should be adjusted to have the same MTU.
The MTU that we attempt to configure the ports to is the most recently
modified MTU. The attempt is to follow user intention as closely as
possible and not be annoying at that.

So there are 2 cases really:

ip link set dev sw0p0 master br0
ip link set dev sw0p1 mtu 1400
ip link set dev sw0p1 master br0

The above sequence will make sw0p0 inherit MTU 1400 as well.

The second case:

ip link set dev sw0p0 master br0
ip link set dev sw0p1 master br0
ip link set dev sw0p0 mtu 1400

This sequence will make sw0p1 inherit MTU 1400 from sw0p0.

Suggested-by: Florian Fainelli <f.fainelli@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[359bb8ba6f...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/359bb8ba6facdb212b4252d23974cd353d63683b)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 15:34:34 by Infernio

Some work towards wxPython 3.0.2.0

Ellipsize overly long messages in progress dialogs

Needed in wx3, otherwise the progress dialog will keep resizing itself,
which is *very* ugly to look at. A pretty hacky solution, since this
won't hide the resizing for displays smaller than 1080p.

Use pngcrush to avoid iCCP warning

This implements it for wizards, followup commit does the same for
FOMODs.
Also added a licenses.txt file to the Mopy/bash/compiled folder to
satisfy any requirements for attribution.

Add pngcrush executable

This is pngcrush 1.8.11 32 bit from
https://sourceforge.net/projects/pmt/files/pngcrush-executables

It's the last version that a windows executable was uploaded for, 1.8.12
and 1.8.13 do not have official executables so we'd have to build our
own.

TODO: Once we upgrade everything to 64 bit (CBash and LOOT are
stopping us BTW), we should swap this for the 64 bit version as
well, I guess.

First implementation for wizards

- Only wizards
- Only for archives (projects should be fixed by the author)
- Runs on all PNGs (seems to be *really* slow)
- Fixes the issue, however

Stuck it into archives.py right now, but that's not the right place IMO.

Skip PNGs that don't have incorrect profiles

Speeds it up *significantly*, making it pretty much instant for working
PNGs.

Delay progress dialog when unpacking to project

Under wx3, it would shove itself over any warning messages / rename
dialogs we showed. This wasn't really a *problem*, since the user could
just move the progress dialog out of the way, but it was annoying. This
is a fairly painless fix that just asks the questions first and then
creates the progress dialog.

Under # 15 <--- RRR
Closes # 458 <--- RRR

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

---
## [Yokinman/NTTE](https://github.com/Yokinman/NTTE)@[f6ec649173...](https://github.com/Yokinman/NTTE/commit/f6ec6491738c1f0732b17c5ab01e0daa0359a609)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 17:08:06 by smashbrothers

super push brothers

spider pet:
- made it sparkly again
- secret new upgraded form obtained from visiting the cursed caves with the spider
- cursed spider pet gets the snare the effect of plant's throne butt

crystal brain:
- kinda in but not really
- code is massivelt wip and it doesnt even do anything yet oop

---
## [lusiya02/can-you-talk-me-vidio-chat-1](https://github.com/lusiya02/can-you-talk-me-vidio-chat-1)@[69ae5bf4a5...](https://github.com/lusiya02/can-you-talk-me-vidio-chat-1/commit/69ae5bf4a594c794a63e67c5f9f805da22eac26d)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 18:06:49 by lusiya02

Add files via upload

I am Looking for new friends here,new to town.
My boyfriend dumped me a few weeks ago (thank god) and I am tired of being so bored to death lol.
Want to try to cheer me up ??? Okay, meet with me here:-->> http://kutti69.club/VN9W8 
don't worry! its free.Just put your username and email ->>>> http://cutebaby.llc/u5q6K

---
## [SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended)@[fb74bf5530...](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended/commit/fb74bf5530e86b2d6413564a2555294dc0050da5)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 20:42:13 by AmyBSOD

Shops can offer blessed charging

Why the hell was that available for wand shops only??? Thanks Porkman for bringing this to my attention. I'm really sick of fixing old SLASH'EM stuff...

---
## [thetravelerstalk/thetravelerstalk.com](https://github.com/thetravelerstalk/thetravelerstalk.com)@[eb728cdebb...](https://github.com/thetravelerstalk/thetravelerstalk.com/commit/eb728cdebba5167f8d13b77edd61a30146f7ed9e)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 21:07:16 by thetravelerstalk

https://thetravelerstalk.com/

Getting Your Travel Information , Travel Guides, Discover,  Plan, Destination information if you Love Travel . Inspiration from https://thetravelerstalk.com/

---
## [cockroachdb/cockroach](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach)@[9b5e5103b1...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/9b5e5103b147ab0c1f404d868944273397fa73f6)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 21:23:25 by craig[bot]

Merge #45542 #46510 #46531 #46546

45542: kvnemesis: validate reads r=nvanbenschoten a=danhhz

This works by verifying that there is at least one time at which it was
valid to see all the reads and writes that we saw in a transaction.

Concretely a transaction:
- Write k1@t2 -> v1
- Read k2 -> v2

And what was present in KV after this and some other transactions:
- k1@t2, v1
- k1@t3, v3
- k2@t1, v2
- k2@t3, v4

Each of the operations in the transaction, if taken individually, has
some window at which it was valid. The Write was only valid for a commit
exactly at t2: [t2,t2). This is because each Write's mvcc timestamp is
the timestamp of the txn commit. The Read would have been valid for
[t1,t3) because v2 was written at t1 and overwritten at t3.

As long as these time spans overlap, we're good. However, if another
write had a timestamp of t3, then there is no timestamp at which the
transaction could have committed, which is a violation of our
consistency guarantees. Similarly if there was some read that was only
valid from [t1,t2).

Listen up, this is where it gets tricky. Within a transaction, if the
same key is written more than once, only the last one will ever be
materialized in KV (and be sent out over the RangeFeed). However, any
reads in between will see the overwritten values. This means that each
transaction needs its own view of KV when determining what is and is not
valid.

Concretely:
- Read k -> <nil>
- Write k -> v1
- Read k -> v1
- Write k -> v2
- Read k -> v2

If we only use the writes that come out of RangeFeed to compute our read
validities, then there would be no time at which v1 could have been
read. So, we have to "layer" the k -> v1 write on top of our RangeFeed
output. At the same time, it would not have been valid for the first or
second read to see v2 because when they ran that value hadn't been
written yet.

So, what we do to compute the read validity time windows is first hide
all the writes the transaction eventually did in some "view". Then step
through it, un-hiding each of them as we encounter each write, and using
the current state of the view as we encounter each read. Luckily this is
easy to do by with a pebble.Batch "view".

Some tweaks included to support this:
- Use in-mem pebble instead of an in-mem btree to power the store of
  recorded RangeFeed events.
- Save the raw bytes of each value that comes out of RangeFeed.
  Previously, we were extracting the string value from it and saving
  that, but this led to code clunkiness in several places.

Also sneak in a few quality of life changes:
- Print the hlc clock timestamp before and after each operation in the
  test log.
- Remove usage of log scope, it doesn't play well with teamcity.
- Update a few references to the "client" package to its new "kv" name.
- Save and log the full txn proto on each ClosureTxn object. This
  information has been useful for triaging validation failures.

Release justification: non-production code changes

Release note: None

46510: sql: fix behavior for GMT/UTC prefixed and colon-based time offsets r=rohany a=otan

Found this whilst trying to write the blog post!

This PR corrects `TimeZoneStringToLocation` to always use POSIX
standard for times if UTC or GMT is at the start of the string OR has
':' in the offset, e.g. '-3:00', in line with Postgres.

It is worth noting that POSIX standard means hours *west*
of UTC, i.e. 'UTC+4' would 4 hours west, i.e. in NY in this time period.
Note just `+4` is still ISO8601 for `SET TIME ZONE`, but POSIX standard
for `AT TIME ZONE`.

Release justification: bug fixes and low-risk updates to new functionality

Release note (bug fix): Fix a bug where SET TIME ZONE with a string
prefixed with `UTC` or `GMT` and time zones that have colons
had it's offset inverted the wrong way.

46531: build: increase testtimeout from 20 to 30 minutes r=yuzefovich a=yuzefovich

Release justification: non-production code changes.

I have seen multiple timeouts of logic test runs in CI, so I think it's
time to bump up the timeout limit.

Release note: None

46546: workload: set application_name r=dt a=dt

Release note: none.

Release justification: low-risk, non-production code.

Co-authored-by: Daniel Harrison <daniel.harrison@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Oliver Tan <otan@cockroachlabs.com>
Co-authored-by: Yahor Yuzefovich <yahor@cockroachlabs.com>
Co-authored-by: David Taylor <tinystatemachine@gmail.com>

---
## [rays1987/covid19-review](https://github.com/rays1987/covid19-review)@[70c1cc3c79...](https://github.com/rays1987/covid19-review/commit/70c1cc3c79cf0760bad731022e782d62b34e6f78)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 22:39:31 by Sandipan Ray

Systems biology approaches for understanding SARS-CoV-2 pathogenesis

Systems biology provides a cross-disciplinary analytical platform integrating the different omics (genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, and other omics approaches), bioinformatics, and computational strategies. These cutting-edge research approaches have enormous potential to study the complexity of biological systems and human diseases (Hood and Tian, 2012, PMID: 23084773). Over the last decade, systems biology approaches are used vastly to study the pathogenesis of diverse types of life-threatening acute and chronic infectious diseases (Eckhardt et al., 2020, PMID: 32060427). Omics-based studies also provided meaningful information regarding host immune responses and surrogate protein markers in several viral, bacterial and protozoan infections (Ray et al., 2014, PMID: 24293340).
The complex pathogenesis and clinical manifestations of SARS-CoV-2 infection are not understood adequately yet. A prominent breakthrough in 2019-nCoV research is accomplished with the successful full-length genome sequencing of the pathogen (Wu et al., Nature 2020, PMID: 32015508; Lu et al., Lancet. 2020, PMID: 32007145, and Zhou et al., 2020, PMID: 32015507). Multiple research groups drafted the genome sequence of SARS-CoV-2 from different clinical samples, including bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, blood, oral and anal swabs, and cultured isolates. Importantly, SARS-CoV-2 has significant sequence homology with SARS-CoV (about 79%) and also to some extent with MERS-CoV (about 50%) (Lu et al., Lancet. 2020, PMID: 32007145). However, a higher level of similarity (about 90%) has been observed between SARS-CoV-2 and bat-derived SARS-like coronaviruses (bat-SL-CoVZC45 and bat-SL-CoVZXC21) indicating its possible bat origin (Lu et al., Lancet. 2020, PMID: 32007145; Zhou et al., 2020, PMID: 32015507). 
The genome sequence of the pathogen subsequently allowed its phylogenetic characterization and prediction of its protein expression profile, which is crucial for understanding the pathogenesis and virulence of this novel viral infection.  In a recent computational bioinformatics study, Grifoni et al. predicted potential B and T cell epitopes for SARS-CoV-2, proving some clue regarding which part of the pathogen is recognized by human immune responses (Grifoni et al., 2020, PMID: 32183941). Importantly, overactivation of T cells, caused by an increase of Th17 and high cytotoxicity of CD8 T cells, could be one of the major reasons behind the severe immune injury and fatality associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection (Xu et al., 2020, PMID: 32085846). 
Availability of the genome sequence of SARS-CoV-2 enhanced the possibilities for the subsequent proteome level studies that can provide further mechanistic insights into its complex pathogenesis. Of note, the cryo-electron microscopy structure of the SARS-CoV-2 spike (S) glycoprotein, which plays an important role in the early steps of viral infection, is reported very recently (Wrapp et al., 2020, PMID: 32075877). Even though any comprehensive proteomic analysis of the pathogen or the patients suffering from its infection has not been reported yet, one forthcoming study has demonstrated SARS-CoV-2 infected host cell proteomics using human Caco–2 cells as an infection model (Bojkova et al., 2020, doi:10.21203/rs.3.rs-17218/v1).  The authors observed SARS-CoV-2 induced alterations in multiple vital physiological pathways, including translation, splicing, carbon metabolism and nucleic acid metabolism in the host cells.
There is a high level of sequence homology between SARS-CoV-2 with SARS-CoV, and sera from convalescent SARS-CoV patients can effectively cross-neutralize SARS-CoV-2-S-driven entry (Hoffmann et al., 2020, PMID: 32142651). Consequently, earlier proteome level studies on SARS-CoV can also provide some essential information regarding the new pathogen (Chen et al., 2004, PMID: 15572443; He et al., 2004, PMID: 15020242). Considering the paucity of omics-level big data sets on for SARS-CoV-2 till now, the existing data hubs that contain adequate information for the other coronaviruses such as UniProt, NCBI Genome Database, The Immune Epitope Database and Analysis Resource (IEDB), The Virus Pathogen Resource (ViPR) could be the useful resources for computational and bioinformatics research on SARS-CoV-2.

---
## [mayralares/Portfolio2](https://github.com/mayralares/Portfolio2)@[39d85d3e58...](https://github.com/mayralares/Portfolio2/commit/39d85d3e58892038f0107d216540ea34b974ce35)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-25 23:34:19 by mayralares

(Update3) Piano Tiles of Love and Despair

Changed the 'Make it Right' themed p5.js screenshot to the actual project with which you can interact with.

---

# [<](2020-03-24.md) 2020-03-25 [>](2020-03-26.md)

