# [<](2020-10-22.md) 2020-10-23 [>](2020-10-24.md)

2,711,882 events, 1,410,370 push events, 2,221,088 commit messages, 156,846,712 characters


## [Uhini0201/Coursera-Financial-Aid-Answers](https://github.com/Uhini0201/Coursera-Financial-Aid-Answers)@[3480863333...](https://github.com/Uhini0201/Coursera-Financial-Aid-Answers/commit/3480863333cf844fa17cc643aac0536430a483c1)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 04:57:55 by Uhini Mukherjee

Delete Coursera Answers

Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)

I am a student and not an earner. I am a CSE Undergrad. My family annual income ranges from 166-167$(in normal conditions) and due to this pandemic it has reduced to around too less. My father is the only earning member in the house. Its impossible to make both ends meet with this minimal income. Thankfully , I got a scholarship which helped me get an admission to college. I go for 10+ hours coaching in my campus so that I can help my parents in this condition. Its too tough in this condition. So this financial is really needed so that I can get a good job at a product based or service based company and improve my present and future.
If I add up my course it will make even harder for them to pay. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject.

How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)

Since I am a CSE Undergrad , projects are needed to build a portfloi. And to build  a worthy project is a very big task. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to a get applied to a job. This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various projects in a different languages and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.


Would you consider using a low-interest loan to pay for your courses?If you answered no, please help us understand why.

Sir, the financial status of the family is not too good to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of dept in the bank and my parents are paying it on regular basis. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. Sir, i don't want to put any pressure over them. Sir, it would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I'm able to get this course.

---
## [Klozz/android_kernel_xiaomi_sm6250](https://github.com/Klozz/android_kernel_xiaomi_sm6250)@[0e2fa8eee6...](https://github.com/Klozz/android_kernel_xiaomi_sm6250/commit/0e2fa8eee6ea08a884174639aefee224348f1e9e)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 06:42:30 by Christian Brauner

BACKPORT: signal: add pidfd_send_signal() syscall

The kill() syscall operates on process identifiers (pid). After a process
has exited its pid can be reused by another process. If a caller sends a
signal to a reused pid it will end up signaling the wrong process. This
issue has often surfaced and there has been a push to address this problem [1].

This patch uses file descriptors (fd) from proc/<pid> as stable handles on
struct pid. Even if a pid is recycled the handle will not change. The fd
can be used to send signals to the process it refers to.
Thus, the new syscall pidfd_send_signal() is introduced to solve this
problem. Instead of pids it operates on process fds (pidfd).

/* prototype and argument /*
long pidfd_send_signal(int pidfd, int sig, siginfo_t *info, unsigned int flags);

/* syscall number 424 */
The syscall number was chosen to be 424 to align with Arnd's rework in his
y2038 to minimize merge conflicts (cf. [25]).

In addition to the pidfd and signal argument it takes an additional
siginfo_t and flags argument. If the siginfo_t argument is NULL then
pidfd_send_signal() is equivalent to kill(<positive-pid>, <signal>). If it
is not NULL pidfd_send_signal() is equivalent to rt_sigqueueinfo().
The flags argument is added to allow for future extensions of this syscall.
It currently needs to be passed as 0. Failing to do so will cause EINVAL.

/* pidfd_send_signal() replaces multiple pid-based syscalls */
The pidfd_send_signal() syscall currently takes on the job of
rt_sigqueueinfo(2) and parts of the functionality of kill(2), Namely, when a
positive pid is passed to kill(2). It will however be possible to also
replace tgkill(2) and rt_tgsigqueueinfo(2) if this syscall is extended.

/* sending signals to threads (tid) and process groups (pgid) */
Specifically, the pidfd_send_signal() syscall does currently not operate on
process groups or threads. This is left for future extensions.
In order to extend the syscall to allow sending signal to threads and
process groups appropriately named flags (e.g. PIDFD_TYPE_PGID, and
PIDFD_TYPE_TID) should be added. This implies that the flags argument will
determine what is signaled and not the file descriptor itself. Put in other
words, grouping in this api is a property of the flags argument not a
property of the file descriptor (cf. [13]). Clarification for this has been
requested by Eric (cf. [19]).
When appropriate extensions through the flags argument are added then
pidfd_send_signal() can additionally replace the part of kill(2) which
operates on process groups as well as the tgkill(2) and
rt_tgsigqueueinfo(2) syscalls.
How such an extension could be implemented has been very roughly sketched
in [14], [15], and [16]. However, this should not be taken as a commitment
to a particular implementation. There might be better ways to do it.
Right now this is intentionally left out to keep this patchset as simple as
possible (cf. [4]).

/* naming */
The syscall had various names throughout iterations of this patchset:
- procfd_signal()
- procfd_send_signal()
- taskfd_send_signal()
In the last round of reviews it was pointed out that given that if the
flags argument decides the scope of the signal instead of different types
of fds it might make sense to either settle for "procfd_" or "pidfd_" as
prefix. The community was willing to accept either (cf. [17] and [18]).
Given that one developer expressed strong preference for the "pidfd_"
prefix (cf. [13]) and with other developers less opinionated about the name
we should settle for "pidfd_" to avoid further bikeshedding.

The  "_send_signal" suffix was chosen to reflect the fact that the syscall
takes on the job of multiple syscalls. It is therefore intentional that the
name is not reminiscent of neither kill(2) nor rt_sigqueueinfo(2). Not the
fomer because it might imply that pidfd_send_signal() is a replacement for
kill(2), and not the latter because it is a hassle to remember the correct
spelling - especially for non-native speakers - and because it is not
descriptive enough of what the syscall actually does. The name
"pidfd_send_signal" makes it very clear that its job is to send signals.

/* zombies */
Zombies can be signaled just as any other process. No special error will be
reported since a zombie state is an unreliable state (cf. [3]). However,
this can be added as an extension through the @flags argument if the need
ever arises.

/* cross-namespace signals */
The patch currently enforces that the signaler and signalee either are in
the same pid namespace or that the signaler's pid namespace is an ancestor
of the signalee's pid namespace. This is done for the sake of simplicity
and because it is unclear to what values certain members of struct
siginfo_t would need to be set to (cf. [5], [6]).

/* compat syscalls */
It became clear that we would like to avoid adding compat syscalls
(cf. [7]).  The compat syscall handling is now done in kernel/signal.c
itself by adding __copy_siginfo_from_user_generic() which lets us avoid
compat syscalls (cf. [8]). It should be noted that the addition of
__copy_siginfo_from_user_any() is caused by a bug in the original
implementation of rt_sigqueueinfo(2) (cf. 12).
With upcoming rework for syscall handling things might improve
significantly (cf. [11]) and __copy_siginfo_from_user_any() will not gain
any additional callers.

/* testing */
This patch was tested on x64 and x86.

/* userspace usage */
An asciinema recording for the basic functionality can be found under [9].
With this patch a process can be killed via:

 #define _GNU_SOURCE
 #include <errno.h>
 #include <fcntl.h>
 #include <signal.h>
 #include <stdio.h>
 #include <stdlib.h>
 #include <string.h>
 #include <sys/stat.h>
 #include <sys/syscall.h>
 #include <sys/types.h>
 #include <unistd.h>

 static inline int do_pidfd_send_signal(int pidfd, int sig, siginfo_t *info,
                                         unsigned int flags)
 {
 #ifdef __NR_pidfd_send_signal
         return syscall(__NR_pidfd_send_signal, pidfd, sig, info, flags);
 #else
         return -ENOSYS;
 #endif
 }

 int main(int argc, char *argv[])
 {
         int fd, ret, saved_errno, sig;

         if (argc < 3)
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);

         fd = open(argv[1], O_DIRECTORY | O_CLOEXEC);
         if (fd < 0) {
                 printf("%s - Failed to open \"%s\"\n", strerror(errno), argv[1]);
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);
         }

         sig = atoi(argv[2]);

         printf("Sending signal %d to process %s\n", sig, argv[1]);
         ret = do_pidfd_send_signal(fd, sig, NULL, 0);

         saved_errno = errno;
         close(fd);
         errno = saved_errno;

         if (ret < 0) {
                 printf("%s - Failed to send signal %d to process %s\n",
                        strerror(errno), sig, argv[1]);
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);
         }

         exit(EXIT_SUCCESS);
 }

/* Q&A
 * Given that it seems the same questions get asked again by people who are
 * late to the party it makes sense to add a Q&A section to the commit
 * message so it's hopefully easier to avoid duplicate threads.
 *
 * For the sake of progress please consider these arguments settled unless
 * there is a new point that desperately needs to be addressed. Please make
 * sure to check the links to the threads in this commit message whether
 * this has not already been covered.
 */
Q-01: (Florian Weimer [20], Andrew Morton [21])
      What happens when the target process has exited?
A-01: Sending the signal will fail with ESRCH (cf. [22]).

Q-02:  (Andrew Morton [21])
       Is the task_struct pinned by the fd?
A-02:  No. A reference to struct pid is kept. struct pid - as far as I
       understand - was created exactly for the reason to not require to
       pin struct task_struct (cf. [22]).

Q-03: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Does the entire procfs directory remain visible? Just one entry
      within it?
A-03: The same thing that happens right now when you hold a file descriptor
      to /proc/<pid> open (cf. [22]).

Q-04: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Does the pid remain reserved?
A-04: No. This patchset guarantees a stable handle not that pids are not
      recycled (cf. [22]).

Q-05: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Do attempts to signal that fd return errors?
A-05: See {Q,A}-01.

Q-06: (Andrew Morton [22])
      Is there a cleaner way of obtaining the fd? Another syscall perhaps.
A-06: Userspace can already trivially retrieve file descriptors from procfs
      so this is something that we will need to support anyway. Hence,
      there's no immediate need to add another syscalls just to make
      pidfd_send_signal() not dependent on the presence of procfs. However,
      adding a syscalls to get such file descriptors is planned for a
      future patchset (cf. [22]).

Q-07: (Andrew Morton [21] and others)
      This fd-for-a-process sounds like a handy thing and people may well
      think up other uses for it in the future, probably unrelated to
      signals. Are the code and the interface designed to permit such
      future applications?
A-07: Yes (cf. [22]).

Q-08: (Andrew Morton [21] and others)
      Now I think about it, why a new syscall? This thing is looking
      rather like an ioctl?
A-08: This has been extensively discussed. It was agreed that a syscall is
      preferred for a variety or reasons. Here are just a few taken from
      prior threads. Syscalls are safer than ioctl()s especially when
      signaling to fds. Processes are a core kernel concept so a syscall
      seems more appropriate. The layout of the syscall with its four
      arguments would require the addition of a custom struct for the
      ioctl() thereby causing at least the same amount or even more
      complexity for userspace than a simple syscall. The new syscall will
      replace multiple other pid-based syscalls (see description above).
      The file-descriptors-for-processes concept introduced with this
      syscall will be extended with other syscalls in the future. See also
      [22], [23] and various other threads already linked in here.

Q-09: (Florian Weimer [24])
      What happens if you use the new interface with an O_PATH descriptor?
A-09:
      pidfds opened as O_PATH fds cannot be used to send signals to a
      process (cf. [2]). Signaling processes through pidfds is the
      equivalent of writing to a file. Thus, this is not an operation that
      operates "purely at the file descriptor level" as required by the
      open(2) manpage. See also [4].

/* References */
[1]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181029221037.87724-1-dancol@google.com/
[2]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/874lbtjvtd.fsf@oldenburg2.str.redhat.com/
[3]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181204132604.aspfupwjgjx6fhva@brauner.io/
[4]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181203180224.fkvw4kajtbvru2ku@brauner.io/
[5]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181121213946.GA10795@mail.hallyn.com/
[6]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181120103111.etlqp7zop34v6nv4@brauner.io/
[7]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/36323361-90BD-41AF-AB5B-EE0D7BA02C21@amacapital.net/
[8]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/87tvjxp8pc.fsf@xmission.com/
[9]:  https://asciinema.org/a/IQjuCHew6bnq1cr78yuMv16cy
[11]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/F53D6D38-3521-4C20-9034-5AF447DF62FF@amacapital.net/
[12]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/87zhtjn8ck.fsf@xmission.com/
[13]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/871s6u9z6u.fsf@xmission.com/
[14]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181206231742.xxi4ghn24z4h2qki@brauner.io/
[15]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181207003124.GA11160@mail.hallyn.com/
[16]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181207015423.4miorx43l3qhppfz@brauner.io/
[17]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/CAGXu5jL8PciZAXvOvCeCU3wKUEB_dU-O3q0tDw4uB_ojMvDEew@mail.gmail.com/
[18]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181206222746.GB9224@mail.hallyn.com/
[19]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181208054059.19813-1-christian@brauner.io/
[20]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/8736rebl9s.fsf@oldenburg.str.redhat.com/
[21]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181228152012.dbf0508c2508138efc5f2bbe@linux-foundation.org/
[22]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181228233725.722tdfgijxcssg76@brauner.io/
[23]: https://lwn.net/Articles/773459/
[24]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/8736rebl9s.fsf@oldenburg.str.redhat.com/
[25]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/CAK8P3a0ej9NcJM8wXNPbcGUyOUZYX+VLoDFdbenW3s3114oQZw@mail.gmail.com/

Cc: "Eric W. Biederman" <ebiederm@xmission.com>
Cc: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Cc: Andy Lutomirsky <luto@kernel.org>
Cc: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Al Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Florian Weimer <fweimer@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian@brauner.io>
Reviewed-by: Tycho Andersen <tycho@tycho.ws>
Reviewed-by: Kees Cook <keescook@chromium.org>
Reviewed-by: David Howells <dhowells@redhat.com>
Acked-by: Arnd Bergmann <arnd@arndb.de>
Acked-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Acked-by: Serge Hallyn <serge@hallyn.com>
Acked-by: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>

(cherry picked from commit 3eb39f47934f9d5a3027fe00d906a45fe3a15fad)

Conflicts:
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl - trivial manual merge
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl - trivial manual merge
        include/linux/proc_fs.h - trivial manual merge
        include/linux/syscalls.h - trivial manual merge
        include/uapi/asm-generic/unistd.h - trivial manual merge
        kernel/signal.c - struct kernel_siginfo does not exist in 4.14
        kernel/sys_ni.c - cond_syscall is used instead of COND_SYSCALL
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl

(1. manual merges because of 4.14 differences
 2. change prepare_kill_siginfo() to use struct siginfo instead of
kernel_siginfo
 3. use copy_from_user() instead of copy_siginfo_from_user() in copy_siginfo_from_user_any()
 4. replaced COND_SYSCALL with cond_syscall
 5. Removed __ia32_sys_pidfd_send_signal in arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl.
 6. Replaced __x64_sys_pidfd_send_signal with sys_pidfd_send_signal in arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl.)

Bug: 135608568
Test: test program using syscall(__NR_pidfd_send_signal,..) to send SIGKILL
Change-Id: I34da11c63ac8cafb0353d9af24c820cef519ec27
Signed-off-by: Suren Baghdasaryan <surenb@google.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[1db0c8ce21...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/1db0c8ce2103671caf50f3cbca9f3ad17829367e)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 07:45:06 by Marko Grdinić

"9am. I am up. Let me chill a little. I really did go to bed at 6pm yesterday. I woke up during the night and my back was killing me due to being in bed for so long.

I did get some design insight though.

Previously, when a package has been modified, I thought I would just mutate its entry points.

I mean, the way I imagined the servers for Spiral would work is that they would have streams coming in and out, and in order to mutate those I would add control nodes which would add as relays.

Right now I am thinking that those things are trouble. It is really easy to screw this kind of thing up and introduce bugs. The reason why I decided to go against individual servers in favor of that big package machine is because it would be really hard to terminate a server if the user adds a package file.

Since I now understand the wonders of reverse graphs, I am going to ditch the control nodes entirely and instead rebuild everything downstream from the change.

9:10am. Also as I thought during the night, I realized that using a big state machine to manage typechecking for a package is really, really hard. It was one thing when it was just prototyping, but the full v0.2 has folders I need to deal with. Because of that not only do I have to go back and forth, I'd also need to manage scope as the machine goes upwards and outwards from a folder.

I get stress just thinking about it.

Instead of making that complicated machine, I am just going to compile the package to individual servers, but they are going to be owned by the package manager. Just screw anything else. It is much easier for me do a compilation pass than make a state machine for this kind of thing.

When the package changes I am just going terminate the unused servers and start afresh.

That is the way things should be. When a change is made, I should rebuild the downstream, not mutate it. Both the typechecking servers and package servers will have termination switches which will allow me to get rid of the old ones and implement the rebuilding scheme.

Yes, this is more work, since if a package is modified I will have to traverse its reverse graph and propagate the changes (or errors) throughout, but this is also much easier to reason about that single point mutations.

9:40am. Let me have breakfast here. This thing will be done when it wants to be.

Unlike yesterday, my mind does not feel split in a 100 different directions so I feel like I can take it easier today. I want to have some fun. After that I'll slowly start this thing. Forget finishing this by the end of the month. It will take a while.

The important thing is that I have the will to do it.

In that respect, yesterday's chaos mediation was a great success."

---
## [noaione/ihaapi-ts](https://github.com/noaione/ihaapi-ts)@[406e21efed...](https://github.com/noaione/ihaapi-ts/commit/406e21efed368230019922787166daa37ed2d94b)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 10:29:05 by noaione

utils(steam): Create Steam for Games API
Promises sucks ass, thanks god for async/await

---
## [wincent/liferay-portal](https://github.com/wincent/liferay-portal)@[c43ae4bd6c...](https://github.com/wincent/liferay-portal/commit/c43ae4bd6c1f8736492b9fa67519559e20d97833)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 10:31:56 by Greg Hurrell

LPS-121753 Don't use object concise methods for AUI component constructors

So I spent a bunch of time digging into why AUI doesn't like the object
concise method, looking at AUI source code, snooping with a debugger
etc, because for all intents and purposes, I couldn't see any real
difference between a method defined on an object using "longhand":

    {
        a: function a() {},
    }

and one using concise method syntax:

    {
        a() {}
    }

They have the same name, the same calling behavior, the same
enumerability etc. I was suspicious then, of AUI doing something deeply
weird deep down inside.

But it turns out that there actually _is_ a difference in calling
behavior, which ends up getting manifested in this case as:

    TypeError: Liferay.SearchContainer is not a constructor

I couldn't find an explanation of this on MDN (it is probably in the
spec somewhere though), but I did find this simple example on Stack
Overflow showing that this is expected behavior for concise methods:

    https://stackoverflow.com/a/45119651/2103996

With the benefit of hindsight, we can see that I could have figured
this out in five minutes instead of two hours. :facepalm:

Amazingly, there is exactly _one_ place in all of liferay-portal where
we actually pass a `constructor` into `A.Component.create`, so there is
exactly one place to fix. Found them by searching for `constructor` in
all files that contain the string `Component.create`; then did a broader
search for `constructor` in all ".js" and ".jsp" files that contain the
string `create`. It's possible something a bit obfuscated may have
slipped through, but I think this is a reasonable first pass.

---
## [ec-prog/freelance](https://github.com/ec-prog/freelance)@[4ed02305a6...](https://github.com/ec-prog/freelance/commit/4ed02305a6f304f0bf9c779021fe306142dfd08f)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 12:00:17 by ec-prog

Update README.md

How To Choose Your Freelancing Niche

Freelancing niche is the most important component in starting your freelancing career, it is because when you do not identify your specific freelancing niche, you will be not sure what to offer to your clients, and eventually, nobody wants to hire you.

​

To newbies who don’t know where to start, here are suggested freelancing niches that you can start with.

Niches you can start with
1. Skills you have prior experience
Talking about the skills with prior experience, it is all about the skills that you already have during your office work. This can be admin skills, real estate broker skills, accounting or bookkeeping, or any other skills that you already practice in a corporate setting. You can use this particular skill as your main service when you start working in a freelancing setup and develop it later on.

2. Skills that you know how to render it to clients
Start with the skill that you know, the skills that you can provide to clients even if you haven’t experience in a corporate set-up. These skills are something you know how to do when you are studying, or the skills you self-learned on the internet. Samples of the skills are data entry, online research, PowerPoint presentations, and any other related skills.

3. Skills that you are learning in your training
This is about the skills that you learn out of the training that you are taking. Whether it’s Social Media Management, SEO, Email Marketing, and any other skills that you can learn through online courses or any freelancing training.

With these three different skills, you can start your freelancing career and later on re-brand. When you already identify the specific freelancing niche that you love to do and you feel at ease when delivering it to your clients, you will focus more on that niche. When you are already adjusted in the freelancing world, from there, you can identify your focus niche and grow as a #freelancer.

Niches You Can be Established
4. Skills you can provide quality service
This is the niche that you can provide with good quality and expertise. Also, with these skills, you can go ahead and serve your clients with mastery, and you will accomplish the tasks with full potential and capacity. Samples of skills are graphic designing, video editing, and any other alike skills. 

5. Skills that you can be established
The skills that you can establish means your freelancing niche that you are satisfied with doing it, it brings a lot of satisfaction in you, and you love to take challenges while doing it, and you grow out of these challenges. Your creativity shows and your fulfillment is overwhelming. These skills can be Social Media Management, SEO, Email Marketing, Project Management, and any related skills.

With the five different types of skills, you can start with one specific freelancing niche and later on develop it. Or, you can start from a single freelancing niche and develop that niche into a different and more competitive freelancing niche.

Can you change your focused niche along the process? How can you decide on the niche that you can be established? Please watch this video!

Now that you learned the important tips, are you ready to be hired as a virtual assistant? Let us know how we can help. Email us at hello@fvaconsultancy.com.

https://ezrachelizecalasag.wixsite.com/ecvirtualassistance

---
## [Huawei-Dev/android_kernel_huawei_btv](https://github.com/Huawei-Dev/android_kernel_huawei_btv)@[542eeebb0f...](https://github.com/Huawei-Dev/android_kernel_huawei_btv/commit/542eeebb0f50f2945d7917f7a5cad84f9e13f66a)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 12:27:25 by Minchan Kim

mm: use put_page() to free page instead of putback_lru_page()

Recently, I got many reports about perfermance degradation in embedded
system(Android mobile phone, webOS TV and so on) and easy fork fail.

The problem was fragmentation caused by zram and GPU driver mainly.
With memory pressure, their pages were spread out all of pageblock and
it cannot be migrated with current compaction algorithm which supports
only LRU pages.  In the end, compaction cannot work well so reclaimer
shrinks all of working set pages.  It made system very slow and even to
fail to fork easily which requires order-[2 or 3] allocations.

Other pain point is that they cannot use CMA memory space so when OOM
kill happens, I can see many free pages in CMA area, which is not memory
efficient.  In our product which has big CMA memory, it reclaims zones
too exccessively to allocate GPU and zram page although there are lots
of free space in CMA so system becomes very slow easily.

To solve these problem, this patch tries to add facility to migrate
non-lru pages via introducing new functions and page flags to help
migration.

struct address_space_operations {
	..
	..
	bool (*isolate_page)(struct page *, isolate_mode_t);
	void (*putback_page)(struct page *);
	..
}

new page flags

	PG_movable
	PG_isolated

For details, please read description in "mm: migrate: support non-lru
movable page migration".

Originally, Gioh Kim had tried to support this feature but he moved so I
took over the work.  I took many code from his work and changed a little
bit and Konstantin Khlebnikov helped Gioh a lot so he should deserve to
have many credit, too.

And I should mention Chulmin who have tested this patchset heavily so I
can find many bugs from him.  :)

Thanks, Gioh, Konstantin and Chulmin!

This patchset consists of five parts.

1. clean up migration
  mm: use put_page to free page instead of putback_lru_page

2. add non-lru page migration feature
  mm: migrate: support non-lru movable page migration

3. rework KVM memory-ballooning
  mm: balloon: use general non-lru movable page feature

4. zsmalloc refactoring for preparing page migration
  zsmalloc: keep max_object in size_class
  zsmalloc: use bit_spin_lock
  zsmalloc: use accessor
  zsmalloc: factor page chain functionality out
  zsmalloc: introduce zspage structure
  zsmalloc: separate free_zspage from putback_zspage
  zsmalloc: use freeobj for index

5. zsmalloc page migration
  zsmalloc: page migration support
  zram: use __GFP_MOVABLE for memory allocation

This patch (of 12):

Procedure of page migration is as follows:

First of all, it should isolate a page from LRU and try to migrate the
page.  If it is successful, it releases the page for freeing.
Otherwise, it should put the page back to LRU list.

For LRU pages, we have used putback_lru_page for both freeing and
putback to LRU list.  It's okay because put_page is aware of LRU list so
if it releases last refcount of the page, it removes the page from LRU
list.  However, It makes unnecessary operations (e.g., lru_cache_add,
pagevec and flags operations.  It would be not significant but no worth
to do) and harder to support new non-lru page migration because put_page
isn't aware of non-lru page's data structure.

To solve the problem, we can add new hook in put_page with PageMovable
flags check but it can increase overhead in hot path and needs new
locking scheme to stabilize the flag check with put_page.

So, this patch cleans it up to divide two semantic(ie, put and putback).
If migration is successful, use put_page instead of putback_lru_page and
use putback_lru_page only on failure.  That makes code more readable and
doesn't add overhead in put_page.

Comment from Vlastimil
 "Yeah, and compaction (perhaps also other migration users) has to drain
  the lru pvec...  Getting rid of this stuff is worth even by itself."

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/1464736881-24886-2-git-send-email-minchan@kernel.org
Signed-off-by: Minchan Kim <minchan@kernel.org>
Acked-by: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Cc: Rik van Riel <riel@redhat.com>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@suse.de>
Cc: Hugh Dickins <hughd@google.com>
Cc: Naoya Horiguchi <n-horiguchi@ah.jp.nec.com>
Cc: Sergey Senozhatsky <sergey.senozhatsky@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Git-commit: c6c919eb90e021fbcfcbfa9dd3d55930cdbb67f9
Git-repo: git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git
Change-Id: I2c00623996f8017b9c84ed12fcc4d85290a1712c
Signed-off-by: Vinayak Menon <vinmenon@codeaurora.org>

---
## [thesquash/stlwrt](https://github.com/thesquash/stlwrt)@[fa5f9cbd3e...](https://github.com/thesquash/stlwrt/commit/fa5f9cbd3e486e78bb051efafd36ac8e3adb50bf)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 14:43:00 by Gordon Norman Squash

Oops!  Fixed major typo in README

Man, how can anybody mess that one up?  Talk about a really stupid
function -- or programmer for that matter.  ;-)  The README originally
referenced the variable `child` as `widget` -- a complete faux pas
that would not have been ignored by the compiler!  One would tend to
wonder how many such errors are present in my code.  Oh well, we'll
see when we do a compilation process at the end of phase 3.
Also marked the README for posterity.

---
## [gabrielesvelto/gecko-dev](https://github.com/gabrielesvelto/gecko-dev)@[498c3f96b9...](https://github.com/gabrielesvelto/gecko-dev/commit/498c3f96b9f4ca9846d99ad547a6870e9823c5d2)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 20:56:50 by Masayuki Nakano

Bug 1668134 - part 3: Add telemetry probes to collect how percentage of `HTMLEditor` is or is not handled with `beforeinput` event listeners r=smaug data-review=tdsmith

Unfortunately, there is no official way to detect whether browser supports
or not `beforeinput` event in the wild because Chromium does not support
`onbeforeinput` event handler attribute.  On the other hand, we're the
last browser vendor which does not support `beforeinput` event, and we
make `InputEvent.getTargetRanges()` enabled only when `beforeinput` event
because it returns meaningful value only when the event type is `beforeinput`.
So, web apps can detect `beforeinput` event support with checking type of
or existence of it instead.  However, in our experience, it's guessed what
a lot of web apps check whether "Firefox" or not to consider whether it
can use `beforeinput` events.  If so, we need to announce shipping
`beforeinput` event and the way to feature detection before actually shipping
it.  Otherwise, we wouldn't get enough feedback from testers.

First of all for shipping `beforeinput` events, we should collect how much
web apps which use `HTMLEditor` use `beforeinput` event when it's enabled,
and how much web apps use mutation events or mutation observer instead of
`beforeinput` events even when it's enabled.

Honestly, I'd like to collect URLs which don't use `beforeinput` event, but
use mutation events or mutation observer.  But it's really sensitive data
so that I believe that we shouldn't collect it.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D92548

---
## [plastic-hub/shop-music](https://github.com/plastic-hub/shop-music)@[a3829efaf7...](https://github.com/plastic-hub/shop-music/commit/a3829efaf717bb2f2845e3954b03b4ee74619dea)
#### Friday 2020-10-23 22:30:17 by catx23

as Donald and others said, the inevitable end - just in our case with love, dignity, honesty and some fucking spine - you shitty & miserable looser 

pay the gang

---

# [<](2020-10-22.md) 2020-10-23 [>](2020-10-24.md)

