# [<](2020-10-14.md) 2020-10-15 [>](2020-10-16.md)

2,963,694 events, 1,561,749 push events, 2,469,850 commit messages, 176,376,589 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[068dda314f...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/068dda314fb8ef9b52e94a8bb0907b969764ce1d)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 01:36:38 by necromanceranne

Ports #10649 from Citadel: An attempt at making hijack not shit and more about point defence (#54146)

So essentially there was discussion already here (https://tgstation13.org/phpBB/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=27620) about how hijack is one of the few objectives on Manuel that you can murderbone with, which is mildly at odds with the intention of the server.

Personally, I think hijack is just straight up terrible regardless of what server you're on. The way it functions is dreadful. Nobody must be aboard the shuttle in any part of the shuttle at all. This means you have people hiding in the walls or hiding in some invisible corner of the shuttle, cucking you of the hijack. For the most part, the only way to actually hijack the shuttle is to render it completely inhospitable or destroying it utterly save for, maybe, one square. The one you are standing on.

It's absurd. So, I knew kev made a pretty honest attempt at reworking hijack. And it works pretty well. It doesn't necessarily solve the problem of hijackers being mandatory mass shooters, but it goes some ways to improving the objective in a more interesting fashion, and allows for the discussion around the objective to be a little more open ended for the sake of the higher roleplay servers without actually detracting from the lower roleplay servers at all. If anything, this should improve the experience of being that gamer to stage a hijacking all the more interesting and about robustness, and less of hide-and-go-seek.

---
## [nlemoing/initial-commit](https://github.com/nlemoing/initial-commit)@[801ee5b48a...](https://github.com/nlemoing/initial-commit/commit/801ee5b48a66e34002efc59629017db2153b3a2c)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 02:42:16 by nlemoing

The False Dichotomy of Recursion vs. Iteration

I've got some explaining to do.

You may be looking at my message parser code and scratching your head. I
know I was when I came back to it after a few days away from the
project. It combines recursion and iteration in a way that can melt your
brain a little bit if you don't know why the decision was made in the
first place. To help you understand why, I'll take you back to the very
beginning.

My first exposure to programming was CS135, the introductory programming
course at the University of Waterloo. It's based around the [teaching
languages included in
DrRacket](https://docs.racket-lang.org/drracket/htdp-langs.html), which
are stripped-down versions of the Racket programming language; so
stripped down, in fact, that they don't support any kind of mutable
state or side effects.

One side effect of this is that I was much more comfortable with
recursion. I didn't learn what a `for` loop until my second semester of
university. It was only after I spent a lot more time programming that I
got comfortable with iteration as well. At that point, both recursion
and iteration were tools in my toolbox, and I could choose to use one,
or both, depending on the problem I was faced with.

So, why mix the two here? Are you even allowed to mix the two? Would it
be easier to pick one or the other?

Not necessarily. Or at least, not for me, for this particular problem.
There's sometimes the sentiment that you have to pick one or the other,
but both lend themselves well to different scenarios, and in this case,
both scenarios were present in the parsing problem.

I came up with this approach when I realized that the system should have
some idea of the context it's in. Depending on the context, a list item
could be a sub-list of an existing list, a sibling list item, or the
start of an entirely new list.

One way to store that context is a stack. Each time you enter a new
context, you can push some data onto the stack and parse, knowing that
the old context will be available afterwards. But recursive functions
have a built-in stack, and you don't have to worry as much about
managing state, or whether you need to break out of your loop or
*shudders* use a `goto` statement to get out of the control flow mess
you made. All you need to do is call a new function and you'll be
magically warped to a new context knowing that your old context is well
taken care of. And when you're done, just return! There's no need to
check if your stack is empty or to worry about what would happen if you
don't.

If recursion is so great, why bother having iteration? The reason
iteration is used here is because within a context, we often need to
check multiple lines. For example, this paragraph spans multiple lines,
so our program will parse all of them within the same context. You can
do this with recursion as well, but for me personally, it was much
easier to run through lines that belong to the same context using
iteration rather than try to build the list recursively. This way, the
message parsing code is a reflection of the data structure we're
building with it, since each function call represents the creation of a
new node in the AST, and take care of everything that isn't a new node
(new lines in the same paragraph, for example) with iteration.

So, with the recursive/iterative framework, we're able to add list
parsing without too much of a hitch. Lists are naturally recursive (you
can have a list within a list within a...) and list items can also span
multiple lines, so it's fairly straightforward to add them for the
reasons described above.

This did reveal a bug in the earlier code where I was skipping some
lines when exiting from a context. This was fixed by returning one less
than the current index, which tells the parent context that the line
should be parsed again. The regex test for deciding if a line is a list
item is also pretty hairy; see the comments for more details.

Finally, there are some differences between my list implementation and
Markdown, mostly because there are so many edge cases that
industry-standard parsers need to consider that I didn't want to have to
deal with at this point. I also plan on adding the option to toggle rich
text parsing on and off at some point in the future which will help if
any incompatibilities make a mess of someone's formatting.

Next up is parsing the in-line content! This includes:
1. Emphasis (which I made a mistake specifying in the *very first
commit* - oops!)
2. `Code fences`
3. [Links](https://lemoing.ca/)

---
## [maveric-coder/python_practice](https://github.com/maveric-coder/python_practice)@[e6ead5b0c4...](https://github.com/maveric-coder/python_practice/commit/e6ead5b0c4f722986d62198620419e8a6d51fc9a)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 06:43:08 by Anand

Create its_magic.py

https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/basic-programming/input-output/basics-of-input-output/practice-problems/algorithm/its-magic/description/

Sussutu is a world-renowned magician. And recently, he was blessed with the power to remove EXACTLY ONE element from an array.

Given, an array A (index starting from 0) with N elements. Now, Sussutu CAN remove only that element which makes the sum of ALL the remaining elements exactly divisible by 7.

Throughout his life, Sussutu was so busy with magic that he could never get along with maths. Your task is to help Sussutu find the first array index of the smallest element he CAN remove.

 

Input:

The first line contains a single integer N.

Next line contains N space separated integers Ak , 0 < k < N.

 

Output:

Print a single line containing one integer, the first array index of the smallest element he CAN remove, and -1 if there is no such element that he can remove!

 

Constraints:

1 < N < 105

0 < Ak < 109

SAMPLE INPUT 
5
14 7 8 2 4
SAMPLE OUTPUT 
1
Explanation
Both 14 and 7 are valid answers, but since 7 is the smallest, the required array index is 1.

---
## [acarlson99/debatabase](https://github.com/acarlson99/debatabase)@[4611c2d6b0...](https://github.com/acarlson99/debatabase/commit/4611c2d6b0053e5dd06e82f8c67676cef825ccab)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 12:15:39 by Alexander Carlson

holy shit holy fucking shit dude i fucking hate react i goddamn hate it i despise this language with all my heart and soul oh my fucking god why was my variable in my closure shadowed god dammit fuck

---
## [pangea-project/pangea-tooling](https://github.com/pangea-project/pangea-tooling)@[1b0241c252...](https://github.com/pangea-project/pangea-tooling/commit/1b0241c25206b02902b8b8e44e63687dde92c8ad)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 15:12:06 by Harald Sitter

add new tech to auto-generate appstream filters

this is currently not wired into any job or anything

the motivation here is that we keep having users lament how foobar
doesn't install when foobar is a) not kde software so we don't care
anyway and b) foobar is possibly using qt private ABI breaking compat

it makes for a shitty experience that we have a hard time dealing with
short of selectively mirroring ubuntu, which seems an awkward solution
as well as we'd lose part of the appeal of sitting on top of the giant
that is ubuntu lts.

sooooo as a somewhat immediate measure to improve visual user experience
we'll want to exclude all applications coming from ubuntu from the
software stores.

this has a number of effects.
a) if the software is avialable in a bundle format the user would get
that instead hopefully leading to greater adoption and in turn greater
interest in fixing pain points if there are any
b) the problem outlined above goes away and ideally the user will now
only find software that actually works
c) kde software that changes id won't show up twice (e.g. ubuntu has
org.kde.krita.desktop but then it was renamed to org.kde.krtia and the
devs neglected to set the legacy name hint so appstream doesn't know
that they the same thing - since we'll filter the ubuntu one out there
can only be one krita and that is ours)

as such we filter addons and desktop applications now (addons may
actually be illadvised as I guess you could addon into any other
component, in practise I believe this will only be applications though,
so I doubt it matters much)

the way this is going to work in production is that a job will clone the
metainfo repo, run the scripty on it, the scripty injects the detected
components into the removal list, job pushes delta into repo. the script
also keeps a pristine list of auto removed components so it can on the
next run tell which components are there because a human added them and
which ones were auto-added. I'm hoping the last part will be sufficient
to prevent awkward clashing between human and computer as otherwise
we'll need some sort of intermediate file structure with distinct files
that gets compiled into the final removal file before running asgen

---
## [maveric-coder/python_practice](https://github.com/maveric-coder/python_practice)@[a8051f5508...](https://github.com/maveric-coder/python_practice/commit/a8051f5508325113993286fa4b3d67c12fac5157)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 15:36:15 by Anand

Create magical-word.py

https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/basic-programming/input-output/basics-of-input-output/practice-problems/algorithm/magical-word/description/

Dhananjay has recently learned about ASCII values.He is very fond of experimenting. With his knowledge of ASCII values and character he has developed a special word and named it Dhananjay's Magical word.

A word which consist of alphabets whose ASCII values is a prime number is an Dhananjay's Magical word. An alphabet is Dhananjay's Magical alphabet if its ASCII value is prime.

Dhananjay's nature is to boast about the things he know or have learnt about. So just to defame his friends he gives few string to his friends and ask them to convert it to Dhananjay's Magical word. None of his friends would like to get insulted. Help them to convert the given strings to Dhananjay's Magical Word.

Rules for converting:

1.Each character should be replaced by the nearest Dhananjay's Magical alphabet.

2.If the character is equidistant with 2 Magical alphabets. The one with lower ASCII value will be considered as its replacement.

Input format:

First line of input contains an integer T number of test cases. Each test case contains an integer N (denoting the length of the string) and a string S.

Output Format:

For each test case, print Dhananjay's Magical Word in a new line.

Constraints:

1 <= T <= 100

1 <= |S| <= 500

SAMPLE INPUT 
1
6
AFREEN
SAMPLE OUTPUT 
CGSCCO
Explanation
ASCII values of alphabets in AFREEN are 65, 70, 82, 69 ,69 and 78 respectively which are converted to CGSCCO with ASCII values 67, 71, 83, 67, 67, 79 respectively. All such ASCII values are prime numbers.

---
## [civici/codewars](https://github.com/civici/codewars)@[6e668bf213...](https://github.com/civici/codewars/commit/6e668bf2130eeb991f96fb0a2c263376ee6bad7c)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 20:48:48 by civici

why the fuck you used const over let

is memory your nemesis ???

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[57fbc9cd76...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/57fbc9cd76f7a78f1034c42dd3c453ff35123264)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 22:05:40 by wm4

player: make repeated hr-seeks past EOF trigger EOF as expected

If you have a normal file with audio and video, and keep "spamming"
forward hr-seeks, the player just kept showing the last video frame
instead of exiting or playing the next file. This started happening
since commit 6bcda94cb. Although not a bug per se, it was odd, and very
user-noticable.

The main problem was that the pending seek command was processed before
the EOF was "noticed". Processing the command reset everything, so the
player did not terminate playback, but repeated the seek.

This commit restores the old behavior.

For one, it makes video return the correct status (video.c). The
parameter is a bit ugly, but better than duplicating the logic or having
another MPContext field. (As a minor detail, setting r=VD_EOF makes sure
have_new_frame() returns true, rather than going through another
iteration or whatever the hell will happen instead, which would clobber
logical_eof.)

Another thing is making the seek logic actually wait until the seek
outcome has been determined if audio is also active. Audio needs to wait
for video in order to get the video seek target position. (Which in turn
is because hr-seek still "snaps" to video frames. You can't seek in
between two frames, so audio can't just use the seek target, but always
has to wait on the timestamp of the video frame. This has other
disadvantages and is a misdesign, but not something I'll fix today.)

In theory, this might make hr-seeks less responsive, because it needs to
fully decode/filter the audio too, but in practice most time is spent on
video, which had to be fully decoded before this change. (In general,
hr-seek could probably just show a random frame when a queued hr-seek
overrides the current hr-seek, which would probably lead to a better
user experience, but that's out of scope.)

Fixes: #7206

---
## [pytorch/pytorch](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)@[dda95e6914...](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/commit/dda95e69142df17e638076b2a0b46837951144a5)
#### Thursday 2020-10-15 23:35:46 by Taylor Robie

More Timer refinement (#46023)

Summary:
This PR just adds more polish to the benchmark utils:

1) `common.py`, `timer.py`, and `valgrind_wrapper/timer_interface.py` are now MyPy strict compliant. (except for three violations due to external deps.) Compare and Fuzzer will be covered in a future PR.
2) `CallgrindStats` now uses `TaskSpec` rather than accepting the individual fields which brings it closer to `Measurement`.
3) Some `__repr__` logic has been moved into `TaskSpec` (which `Measurement` and `CallgrindStats` use in their own `__repr__`s) for a more unified feel and less horrible f-string hacking, and the repr's have been given a cleanup pass.
4) `Tuple[FunctionCount, ...]` has been formalized as the `FunctionCounts` class, which has a much nicer `__repr__` than just the raw tuple, as well as some convenience methods (`__add__`, `__sub__`, `filter`, `transform`) for easier DIY stat exploration. (I find myself using the latter two a lot now.) My personal experience is that manipulating `FunctionCounts` is massively more pleasant than the raw tuples of `FunctionCount`. (Though it's still possible to get at the raw data if you want.)
5) Better support for multi-line `stmt` and `setup`.
6) Compare now also supports rowwise coloring, which is often the more natural layout for A/B testing.
7) Limited support for `globals` in `collect_callgrind`. This should make it easier to benchmark JIT models. (CC ZolotukhinM)
8) More unit tests, including extensive tests for the Callgrind stats manipulation APIs.
9) Mitigate issue with `MKL_THREADING_LAYER` when run in Jupyter. (https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/37377)

Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/46023

Test Plan: changes should be covered by existing and new unit tests.

Reviewed By: navahgar, malfet

Differential Revision: D24313911

Pulled By: robieta

fbshipit-source-id: 835d4b5cde336fb7ff0adef3c0fd614d64df0f77

---

# [<](2020-10-14.md) 2020-10-15 [>](2020-10-16.md)

