# [<](2020-04-10.md) 2020-04-11 [>](2020-04-12.md)

133,534 events, 77,560 push events, 110,438 commit messages, 6,269,102 characters


## [Kixiron/docs.rs](https://github.com/Kixiron/docs.rs)@[fdb8b90221...](https://github.com/Kixiron/docs.rs/commit/fdb8b90221a54575ac3ae5c92cb4a5fd44603ad1)
#### Saturday 2020-04-11 22:39:28 by Chase Wilson

Downgraded, it may work? If not, dependencies will die. I had to manually edit the Cargo.lock to get all the versions to line up, because apparently some of us like to be free spirits and use vastly incompatable versions of dependencies. The free spirits have been squashed for now, but I swear to god if they start doing their own thing again then someone will be in a world of pain, probably me.

---
## [git/git](https://github.com/git/git)@[b9cbd2958f...](https://github.com/git/git/commit/b9cbd2958f235614e9af687691c96bb001945f86)
#### Saturday 2020-04-11 23:10:29 by Elijah Newren

rebase: reinstate --no-keep-empty

Commit d48e5e21da ("rebase (interactive-backend): make --keep-empty the
default", 2020-02-15) turned --keep-empty (for keeping commits which
start empty) into the default.  The logic underpinning that commit was:

  1) 'git commit' errors out on the creation of empty commits without an
     override flag
  2) Once someone determines that the override is worthwhile, it's
     annoying and/or harmful to required them to take extra steps in
     order to keep such commits around (and to repeat such steps with
     every rebase).

While the logic on which the decision was made is sound, the result was
a bit of an overcorrection.  Instead of jumping to having --keep-empty
being the default, it jumped to making --keep-empty the only available
behavior.  There was a simple workaround, though, which was thought to
be good enough at the time.  People could still drop commits which
started empty the same way the could drop any commits: by firing up an
interactive rebase and picking out the commits they didn't want from the
list.  However, there are cases where external tools might create enough
empty commits that picking all of them out is painful.  As such, having
a flag to automatically remove start-empty commits may be beneficial.

Provide users a way to drop commits which start empty using a flag that
existed for years: --no-keep-empty.  Interpret --keep-empty as
countermanding any previous --no-keep-empty, but otherwise leaving
--keep-empty as the default.

This might lead to some slight weirdness since commands like
  git rebase --empty=drop --keep-empty
  git rebase --empty=keep --no-keep-empty
look really weird despite making perfect sense (the first will drop
commits which become empty, but keep commits that started empty; the
second will keep commits which become empty, but drop commits which
started empty).  However, --no-keep-empty was named years ago and we are
predominantly keeping it for backward compatibility; also we suspect it
will only be used rarely since folks already have a simple way to drop
commits they don't want with an interactive rebase.

Reported-by: Bryan Turner <bturner@atlassian.com>
Reported-by: Sami Boukortt <sami@boukortt.com>
Signed-off-by: Elijah Newren <newren@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[b932ecb45e...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/b932ecb45e0d3159003f4f1ee5e01184783534a7)
#### Saturday 2020-04-11 23:44:37 by Saqib Ali

Machine Learning and Data Science Job Openings | Kaggle. Escaping from character encoding hell in R on Windows | Data Science Services. Diverse Lynx LLC Senior Data Scientist job open for Independent Contractor | SmartRecruiters. IBA Infotech Inc. Senior Data Scientist job Looking for Independent Contractor | SmartRecruiters. Home | Computing, Data Science, and Society. Data Scientist  | Ofertas de Emprego. Spotify - Data Scientist, Podcasts. Spotify - Data Scientist, Artist Promotion. Spotify - Senior Data Scientist - Ads Analytics / Machine Learning. Spotify - Senior Data Scientist, Creator.

---
## [TorannD/TMagic](https://github.com/TorannD/TMagic)@[4828e295fc...](https://github.com/TorannD/TMagic/commit/4828e295fc22099866a0e1b1c052352cf31629b9)
#### Saturday 2020-04-11 23:53:26 by TorannD

v2.4.0.9 update

New:
o Inspiration "Enlightened" - increases consciousness by 50%

Tweaks:
o Inspirations Mining Frenzy, Farming Frenzy, Introspection, Outgoing and Champion have all been increased to last several days
o Champion Inspiration also increases damage mitigation and adds armor penetration
o Wanderer and Wayfarer will start with several random abilities

* Death Retaliation rework - death retaliation for mages was intended to maintain the value of mages by keeping a fully trained mage from being easily captured. This was implemented through a suicide explosion whenever a mage was downed. However, the way it was implemented was poorly depicted and could be frustrating as it gave the player few options. The new implementation keeps the intent for class value, increases the threat enemy mages pose, but gives the player options to evaluate the risk vs reward of capturing mages.
    o Death retaliation now applies to fighter classes and retaliation actions are unique between fighters and mages
    o Death retaliation is no longer instant but is an action a downed mage or fighter can attempt to perform
    o The act of preparing a retaliation ability is now visible and has a random timer that can be anywhere from several seconds to minutes
    o Capturing or killing the mage/fighter before they complete their retaliation will stop the action
    o There are multiple retaliation actions for each class type
        - Mages: death explosion, healing wave, berserk pulse, create Traps, create a small blizzard, create a small firestorm, stunning burst
        - Fighters: create traps, set themselves on fire, ingest dangerous drugs, cause fear
    o New mod options to accompany these changes

Bug fixes:
Priests will always be able to wear bracers of the pacifist
Adjusted criteria for magic circle to prevent new jobs only if the cell is occupied by a haulable resource
Fixed an error when snap freeze or ignite was used too close to the edge of the map

---

# [<](2020-04-10.md) 2020-04-11 [>](2020-04-12.md)

