# [<](2020-12-09.md) 2020-12-10 [>](2020-12-11.md)

3,058,909 events, 1,545,036 push events, 2,400,534 commit messages, 183,006,451 characters


## [foxotic/foxy-bunny](https://github.com/foxotic/foxy-bunny)@[e7db10ddc1...](https://github.com/foxotic/foxy-bunny/commit/e7db10ddc17e89a9dda6cd6e349877227aeab02f)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 02:13:09 by foxotic

The CHRISTMAS UPDATE! v1.0.0

v.1.0.0 The First Christmas Update & Event!!
=============================================

Features:

CHRISTMAS FEATURES:

(In the Town)

- It's gotten cold and snowy on the VR Server!
From now until February, the weather will always be snowing / raining (watch out for overnight mobs!)

- Our Town has gotten hit with a winter flurry! So much so that it has caused the entire biome to change! Keep your eye out for arctic foxes.
All grass biomes will appear snowy.

-- Various decoration blocks for christmas have been added, some including:
-- Shulker Box presents
-- Christmas Lights
-- Taiga trees will now have Christmas Lights

-- The season has changed! The colors of the leaves have turned dark orange and red, and plants appear more dried out.
-- MANY MANY MANY MANY MANY more Visual Changes!! Come on the server and see!

(Visual Changes)

--Characters in paintings will wear Christmas Hats
--Small paintings can be used as decoration as wreaths, stockings, and holly hangers.
-- Doors are decorated with ornamental wreaths!
-- Sugar Cane has been changed to CANDY CANE! (aesthetic, for now, not edible)
-- Cake is now Chocolate Fruit Cake
-- Cookies are Gingerbread Cookies!
-- Chests are now Gift Boxes

-GUI has become entirely Christmas Themed!

(Mobs)
-- Zombies get cold too! You might catch a zombie wearing a sweater, hat, or both!
-- Foxes have put on their Winter Coats for the season! They will appear lighter and fluffier than ever.
-- Pet Wolves will be wearing color-customizable scarves for the entire season
-- Pillagers HATE Christmas! They're green with envy, so much so that they have all turned into a bunch of GRINCH'S!
-- Slimes will appear blue
-- Colored Shulkers will appear to be wrapped in Gift Boxes
-- Witches will wear Christmas hats instead of Witch Hats
-- Pigs, Endermen, Cows, and Sheep have a chance to be wearing a Christmas hat!

PERMANENT FEATURE UPDATES!:

- BRAND NEW MOBS have been added to the server including:

(Passive Mobs)
-- Jolly Llama (for a limited time, you can find Christmas Exclusive Llamas to tame in colder biomes)
-- Mooblooms (Flower Forests)
-- Wooly Cows (Mountains)
-- Horned Sheep (Mountains) (~not the new goats)
-- The GLOWSQUID!
-- Ender Cats (In the End dimension)
-- Jumbo Rabbits
-- Muddy Pigs (Swamp)
-- MELON Golems! (Random chance to spawn, still made with pumpkins for now)
-- Cluckshroom (Mushroom Fields)

(Neutral Mobs)
-- Furnace Golems (Random Chance to spawn an ultra-powerful furnace golem!)
(Hostile Mobs)
-- Watch out for the new SNOW CREEPER! No longer will Creepers stick out like a sore thumb in winter biomes.
-- Spiders will have a random chance of spawning with Purple Eyes

--Buttercup flower has been added (previously a Minecraft Earth Exclusive, more plants and flowers to come!)

It's taken me a good amount of time to curate all of these features from over a dozen packs, and some of them are custom exclusives designed by myself!
I hope you're excited! This is just the v1.0.0 visual update!

Exclusive Items & Weapons, Quests, and Minigames will be coming next!

---
## [dchesser/dchesser.github.io](https://github.com/dchesser/dchesser.github.io)@[7dad1189e6...](https://github.com/dchesser/dchesser.github.io/commit/7dad1189e66e31a539547a8cc9a92c8b3d513308)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 05:27:59 by Dave Chesser

quip: culling

No one cares or knows who D.J. Cheese-Like Product is because I made
him up while snipping open a packet of "cheese" for the shells.

This site is over HTTPS so it might not even be accessible over
Netscape 1.0.

No, we do not need more lasers despite the what the retired War
Minister keeps saying.
That's out of budget, we're facing an iron shortage, and the biters
are taking up that patch of iron over there.

Yes, Painkiller is a rad album but this is not really a sensical place
for it after the charm of being in the quips wore off because the RNG
class kept picking it time after time.

Dreams no longer yell at you.
That was made illegal after the sliced bread was relegalized in 1947.
Probably would be best to not go ham on the caps lock key.
Doesn't help the key that actually says "control" is caps lock now and
gets smacked by my palm.

You won't understand it when you're younger either because it still
wouldn't make sense when you're older.

---
## [madhaldijaoccult/-2349028448088-how-to-join-occult-for-money-ritual-illuminati-Global](https://github.com/madhaldijaoccult/-2349028448088-how-to-join-occult-for-money-ritual-illuminati-Global)@[78ccca3bb9...](https://github.com/madhaldijaoccult/-2349028448088-how-to-join-occult-for-money-ritual-illuminati-Global/commit/78ccca3bb9f2999a430ea15d6975cac7b5a57f77)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 07:30:01 by madhaldijaoccult

Update README.md

+2349028448088 JOIN ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA OCCULT FOR MONEY-RITUAL WEALTH FAME POWER PROTECTION BUSINESS-PROMOTION POLITICAL-ASSIGNMENT WORK-PROMOTION  +2349028448088


This page is for those who are seriously interested in Madhaldija Brotherhood occult fraternity.
People with prejudices and the mob should stay away from here: they would only toddle in darkness and be highly indignant. The described black magic rituals are not without danger and are consequently unsuitable for people who are not mentally in good constitution. Take heed to follow all instructions the way they are described. Without the necessary precautions every ritual will turn to your disadvantage, confusion and total destruction. On the contrary, by following the instructions with precision, you will achieve a complete success in all your enterprises. +2349028448088
Many today are seeking to join a secret society, the one that will give them back their hope and help them to achieve all the things they have wanted in life.
They realize that they have lost their dreams and their ambitions. They have settled for a life of mediocrity.
Sadly, many are disappointed, for real secret societies are rare, hard to find and even more difficult to join. The more well known have, over time, lost their own secrets and present merely a facade of mystical mumbo-jumbo without possessing any real substance.+2349028448088
There are no accidents and it is no coincidence that you have been led to The TEMPLE OF MADHALDIJA BROTHERHOOD.
The Brotherhood reaches out to help you and to offer the hand of friendship and hope. Contact spiritual Grandmaster now for your enquiries +2349028448088

MADHALDIJA Brotherhood knows that everyone has great potential but often they have lost their self-esteem and their desire for a better life.
All of us know that we can be better than we are. We are not living up to our potential. Yet we have this fear to take chances, to venture into unfamiliar enterprises and territories. +2349028448088

peopleschoiceoccult@gmail.com
#secret #occult
+2349028448088 The fact your ancestors died poor doesn't mean you've lost all it takes to maintain a luxury life here on Earth.
All is possible here on Earth if you know what to do anf how to do it, either Spiritually or physically the most important thing is for you to get the result you need which is #WEALTH #POWER #PROTECTION.

+2349028448088 OFTEN MANY HAS VENTURED INTO SPIRITUAL MEANS OF ACQUIRING LUXURY BUT ONLY FEW GET TO THE PEAK WHEN IT COMES TO SPIRITUAL WEALTH & LUXURY NOT BECAUSE THEY ARE SPIRITUALLY INFECTED OR UNWORHTY BUT IT'S ON CLEARER VIEW TO THE HUMAN WORLD NOW TO ACTUALLY KNOW THAT IT TAKES A GREAT SACRIFICE AND OFFERING TO PIERCE THE HEART OF THE SPIRITUAL WORLD IN ORDER TO MAKE A RFEQUEST NOT JUST TO MAKE A REQUEST BUT TO GET ANSWERS AND POSITIVE POSITIVE RESPONSE FOR THE SPIRITUAL GUARDIANS OF AGE.







WE THE INITIATE MEMBERS OF ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA BROTHERHOOD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GAIN A SPIRITUAL CLOSE GUARDED SECRET OF ACQUIRING WEALTH POWER &PROTECTION FOR THE GUARDIANS OF AGE THROUGH THE ORDERS OF THE TEMPLE GRANDMASTER AND OTHER SPIRITUAL LEADERS OF THE GRAND LODGE TEMPLE.







WE KNOW VERY WELL THAT EVERYONE THINKS THEY HAVE ALL IT TAKES TO BE RICH AND FAMOUS NOT MINDING THE FACT THAT ONLY FEW HAS THE ABILITY AND GRACE TO BE WEALTHY, BECAUSE IF MAKING WEALTH WAS THAT EASY EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE BEEN WEALTHY BY NOW. MAKING ENQUIRIES TO JOIN US HERE MIGHT BE OPEN FOR EVERYONE BUT NOT EVERYONE IS ACCEPTED AT THE END OF THE DAY.







ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA OCCULT IS NOT FOR THE RICH OR POOR BUT FOR THE "DESTINED TO BE RICH" IT DOESN'T MATTER WHERE YOU ARE COMING FROM OR WHO YOU THINK YOU'RE, ONCE YOUR DESTINY MATCHES THE SPIRITUAL HEART OF THIS OCCULT YOU'RE CERTAIN TO BE ACCEPTED AND TRANSDFORMED FROM POOR TO RICH OR RICH TO RICHER & POWERFUL.







ALL ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA INITIATE MEMBERS ARE ENTITLED TO EVERYTHING THAT MAKES LIFE WORTH LIVING NO MATTER HOW EXPENSIVE IT MIGHT BE CARS HOUSES LUXURIOUS LIFE BUT ONE THING YOU MUST PUT FIRST IS COURAGE AND BRAVERY BECAUSE THOSE ARE THE KEYS TO UNLOCK TO ONES FORTUNE, AND BEFORE ANY MAN/WOMAN CAN BE ACCEPTED HERE HE OR SHE IS EXPECTED TO HAVE MADE UP HIS OR HER MIND KNOWING THE TASK AHEAD, THOUGH WE DO NOT USE HUMAN BLOOD FOR SACRIFICE BUT DO NOT BE DECEIVED; WE USE ANIMAL BLOOD TO PLEASE THE LORD GUARDIANS OF AGE TO ACCEPT YOU AFTER WHICH YOU'LL BE ENDOWED WITH RICHES AND LUXURY BUT KNOW THAT THERE'S A GRAND PRIZE TO PAY WHICH IS YOU OFFERING YOUR SOUL TO THE LORD LUCIFER AT CERTAIN STAGE ........... NOTHING ELSE WILL BE REQUIRED UNTIL YOUR LAST SACRIFICIAL RITE AND MONEY WILL NOT BE YOUR PROBLEM AGAIN UNTIL YOU DIE. 







THERE 7 SACRED RULES GUIDING THIS SACRED OCCULT WHICH MAKES IT EASY AND THE BEST FRATERNITY TO BELONG, THIS RULES CAN ONLY BE DISCLOSED TO AN ALREADY INITIATED MEMBER, STRICT MEASURES ARE APPLIED IN TERMS OF KEEPING THE SECRETS OF THIS GREAT OCCULT WHICH INSTANT DEATH, SO IF YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T KEEP SHUT WHEN THE CLOSE GUARDED SECRETS ARE BEEN GIVING TO YOU DURING YOUR INITIATION RITUAL; DO YOURSELF GOOD BY STAYING AWAY OTHER THAN BRINGING CALAMITY UPON YOURSELF AND HOUSEHOLD.







THE ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA BROTHERHOOD WAS FOUNDED IN INDIA BY AFRICAN BROTHERS WHO TOOK DECISION TO CHANGE THE COURSE OF NATURE IN OTHER FOR LIFE TO BE EASY IN THE EARLY DAYS OF ALLAQUATHAMIN, THERE BY MAKING THE HOME OF THE LORD ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA TO BE IN AFRICA, WE HAVE OUR TEMPLES HERE IN AFRICA OF WHICH THE GRAND LODGE TEMPLE HQ IS SITUATED IN A HIDDEN LOCATION IN ASABA DELTA STATE NIGERIA.







MANY INDIVIDUALS HAS TAKEN THE RISK OF ATTEMPTING #I_WANT_TO_JOIN_ILLUMINATI #I_WANT-TO-JOIN_THE_FREE_MASONS #I_WANT_TO_JOIN_ODD_FELLOWS AND MANY OTHER SEARCH REQUESTS; THOUGH THERE'RE OTHER FRATERNITIES LIKE MENTIONED ABOVE BUT THE BAD NEWS IS YOU CAN NEVER BE LINKED TO ANY OF THIS OCCULTS BY ANYONE UNLESS THEY WANT TO GIVE YOU FALSE HOPES THEREBY EXTORTING FROM YOU. BECAUSE THE ILLUMINATI, FREE MASONS, ODD FELLOWS AND OTHERS WILL COME FOR YOU ONLY WHEN YOU'RE RICH AND FAMOUS, IN OTHER TO USE YOUR INFLUENCE TO GET TO MORE FAMOUS AND WEALTHY INDIVIDUALS AND SECONDLY THESE FRATERNITIES HAS THERE COUNTRIES AND CONTINENT WHERE THEY ACCEPT PEOPLE ...E.G EUROPE ASIAN NORTH-AMERICA E.T.C.







AFRICA IS BELIEVED TO BE THE BLACK SHEEP OF THE CONTINENT THERE BY DISREGARDING WHATEVER CONCERNS AFRICA APART FROM EXTORTION AND ILLEGAL EXPORTATIONS OF MAMA AFRICAS MINERAL RESOURCES; THE ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA OCCULT ACCEPTS ANYONE HENCE YOU'RE HUMAN AND YOUR DESTINY MATCHES THE SECRET HEART OF THIS BROTHERHOOD IN ADDITION YOU'VE GOT TO HAVE THE HEART TO DO WHATEVER IT TAKES TO BECOME ONE OF US NOT MINDING YOUR ANXIETY & FEARS.







BECAUSE OF FRAUDULENT ACTIVITIES WE,VE SEALED EVERY ONLINE ENQUIRIES THROUGH FALSE AGENTS OR FALSE CONTACTS PRETENDING TO BE COMING FROM THE ZAURAMOA MADHALDIJA TEMPLE MEDIA, FOR THIS REASON IT'S NOW ON THE DECISIONS OF THE TEMPLE GRANDMASTER TO ACCEPT, CONFIRM & CERTIFY ANY INTERESTED INDIVIDUAL WHO HAVE DECIDED TO JOIN THIS BROTHERHOOD UNDER THE SPIRITUAL GUARDIANS OF THE SPIRITUAL GRANDMASTER CHIEF SIR RAYMOND OGIDI UCHEMBA}....







IF YOU'RE STILL OUT THERE THINKING ON #HOW #TO #JOIN #OCCULT #FOR #MONEY #RITUAL FOR WORK-PROMOTION BUSINESS-GROWTH JOB-PROMOTION FAME POWER WEALTH POLITICAL APPOINTMENT AND OTHER GOOD THINGS OF LIFE CONTACT TEMPLE GRANDMASTER TODAY FOR ENQUIRIES TO KNOW IF YOUR DESTINY WILL BE ACCEPTED HERE;







CALL: +2349028448088

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d8554d2fa3...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d8554d2fa3b238ffa94ea45024f1b0fd3eeffb8a)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 11:12:04 by Marko Grdinić

"10:30am. So going to bed pre 12am would have been too early, but I did go before 1am. And I did get up a bit earlier today. I'll aim to lower the time gradually.

Let me chill for a while now. With getting back to reading novels I am going back to my previous pace, which is nice.

10:40am. Let me read a chapter or two of Hero King and then I will start. Also, I haven't gotten a reply to yesterday's issue yet.

10:55am. That was fun. Now let me start.

I actually do feel quite a bit of focus today. Let me do a short morning session.

Programming is what I should be doing, and it is what should be done. Now that I've gotten through the initial hurdle, I feel like I can get into this. I need to decide on what the next test should be.

Hmmmm...I really should add the capability to include packages rather than just importing them. It would be a pain to have to write `open core` at every single start.

This is the ideal thing I could do in the morning session. Let me do it. It would be a pain later to delay this.

```fs
let l = Map.fold (fun l k (name,env_out) -> (match name with Some name -> env_out >>-* in_module name | None -> env_out) :: l) [] links |> Job.conCollect
```

Let me do this.

```fs
let packages p =
    let i = column p
    let file p = if i <= column p then file p else Reply(ReplyStatus.Error,expected "directory on the same or greater indentation as the first one")
    many file p
```

I need to adjust the packages parser.

11:10am.

```fs
let packages p =
    let i = column p
    let file = range file' >>= fun (r,name) p ->
        match p.Peek() with
        | '-' -> p.Skip(); (spaces >>% ((r,name),true)) p
        | _ -> (spaces >>% ((r,name),false)) p
    let file p = if i <= column p then file p else Reply(ReplyStatus.Error,expected "directory on the same or greater indentation as the first one")
    many file p
```

Let me go with this.

11:20am. It compiles but...

```fs
links : Map<PackagePath,PackageName option>
```

This is a problem. If I am going to allow includes, then the packages should be handled in their list order.

I need to change thing even more.

```fs
let package_named_links (p : PackageSchema) =
    let names = p.schema.schema.packages // TODO: Extend the parser for packages and separate out the names and locations.
    let links = p.schema.packages
    Map(List.map2 (fun (_,a) ((_,b),is_include) -> a, if is_include then None else Some b) links names)
```

Let me start by removing the map from this.

11:30am. Good. It compiles. Let me give it a try. This redesign should be fairly benign. Any errors would have been caught by the type system. In fact, that I have F#'s type system made the redesign here a 100 times easier.

```
Server bound to: tcp://*:13805
Unhandled exception. System.TypeInitializationException: The type initializer for '<StartupCode$The Spiral Language v0-2 (typechecking)>.$Spiral.StreamServer.Prepass' threw an exception.
 ---> System.TypeLoadException: Method name too long.
   at Spiral.StreamServer.Prepass.loop@136-103.Invoke(FSharpMap`2 s)
   at <StartupCode$The Spiral Language v0-2 (typechecking)>.$Spiral.StreamServer.Prepass..cctor() in C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\The Spiral Language v0.2 (typechecking)\PrepassStreamServer.fs:line 152
```

What is this?

...Ok, this error is completely unexpected to me. What the hell?

11:35am. I tried changing the assembly name to something shorter, but that did not work.

No, wait, what name exactly is it even trying to load.

```fs
type PackageStreamInput = PackageStreamInput of Map<PackageName,DiffableFileHierarchy list * PackageLinks * PackageId> * PackageName seq * ModuleTarget
type PackageStream = EditorStream<PackageStreamInput, PrepassPackageEnv Promise option>

type PackageItem = {
    env_out : PrepassPackageEnv Promise
    links : (PackagePath * PackageName option) list
    stream : PackageMultiFileStream
    id : PackageId
    }
let package =
    let rec loop (s : Map<PackageName, PackageItem>) =
        {new PackageStream with
            member _.Run(PackageStreamInput(packages,order,target)) =
                Seq.fold (fun (s,_) n ->
                    let old_package = Map.tryFind n s
                    let files, links, id = packages.[n]
                    let (target_res,env_out), stream =
                        let links = links |> List.map (fun (k, v) -> k, (v, s.[k].env_out))
                        let files = files
                        match old_package with
                        | Some p -> p.stream.Run(id,links,(files,target))
                        | None -> (package_multi_file Option.map multi_file package_env_default union in_module top_to_package package_to_top).Run(id,links,(files,target))
                    let s = Map.add n {env_out = env_out; stream = stream; id = id; links = links} s
                    s, target_res
                    ) (s,None) order
                |> fun (_,target_res) -> target_res, loop s
            }
    loop Map.empty
```

Let me try it like this. So ridiculous.

11:45am. That fixed this. Never expected an error like this. Now let me try running this. It is time to test this out.

```fs
packages: core-
modules: test
```

Yeah, this works now. Great.

11:50am. And it compiles with this. Good.

I still do not know how I will auto-open core, but maybe that won't be necessary with the kind of flexibility I have now.

Before I stop for breakfast, let me decide what test I should do next.

```fs
let test2: SpiralModule =
    {
    name="test2"
    prerequisites=[]
    description="Do the join points work?"
    code=
    """
inl main _ =
    inl a () = join 5
    inl b () = join 10
    a () + b ()
    """
    }
```

This one. I should descriptions in the comments for what the test is supposed to be testing.

Let me do that now.

11:55am. Added short descriptions for every test up to now.

```
// Do the join points work?
inl main () =
    inl a () = join 1
    inl b () = join 2
    a () + b ()
```

Let me try running this. Assuming it fails, I'll leave the debugging for the later session.

```
// Do the join points work?
inl main () =
    inl a () = join 1
    inl b () = join 2
    a () + b () : i32
```

Ah, the main function should not have a forall. Good of the compiler to tell me that.

```fs
let rec method0 () : int32 =
    1
and method1 () : int32 =
    2
let (v0 : int32) = method0()
let (v1 : int32) = method1()
v0 + v1
```

And this is what it gets compiled into. Quite nice.

The extension host though is again not loading the core library. Forget Ionide. I literally can't take a step with it without running into some breaking bug.

12:05pm. Let me stop here for the morning. This was a nice, short morning. I added an extra feature and I did one of the tests.

From here on out, I am going to focus on getting more tests done. After I get enough of them done, Spiral will reach a roboust state and I will finally conquer Fort Freedom.

It won't take too long.

Over the past year, I've done a ridiculous amount of work. And now I am nearing the endgame of Spiral's development.

This is the final phase. Tokenization, parsing, prepass, peval, codegen, the compilation pipeline and editor support are all done. Only the testing is left. After I finish this Spiral will be officially usable in the real world."

---
## [jrdeco560/Customer-Survival-Analysis-and-Churn-Prediction-for-an-Internet-Service-Provider](https://github.com/jrdeco560/Customer-Survival-Analysis-and-Churn-Prediction-for-an-Internet-Service-Provider)@[f62804e2a5...](https://github.com/jrdeco560/Customer-Survival-Analysis-and-Churn-Prediction-for-an-Internet-Service-Provider/commit/f62804e2a536570586bcb4aeb3d4d6129cb73dec)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 12:19:25 by Derek Kweku

Update README.md

Customer Survival Analysis
Survival Analysis: Survival analysis is generally defined as a set of methods for analyzing data where the outcome variable is the time until the occurrence of an event of interest. The event can be death, occurrence of a disease, marriage, divorce, etc. The time to event or survival time can be measured in days, weeks, years, etc.

For example, if the event of interest is heart attack, then the survival time can be the time in years until a person develops a heart attack.

Objective: The objective of this analysis is to utilize non-parametric and semi-parametric methods of survival analysis to answer the following questions.

How the likelihood of the customer churn changes over time?
How we can model the relationship between customer churn, time, and other customer characteristics?
What are the significant factors that drive customer churn?
What is the survival and Hazard curve of a specific customer?
What is the expected lifetime value of a customer?
Kaplan-Meier Survival Curve:



From above graph, we can say that

AS expected, for telcom, churn is relatively low. The company was able to retain more than 60% of its customers even after 72 months.
There is a constant decrease in survival probability probability between 3-60 months.
After 60 months or 5 years, survival probability decreases with a higher rate.
Log-Rank Test:

Log-rank test is carried out to analyze churning probabilities group wise and to find if there is statistical significance between groups. The plots show survival curve group wise.

  

  

  

  

  

From above graphs we can conclude following:

Customer's Gender and the phone service type are not indictive features and their p value of log rank test is above threshold value 0.05.
If customer is young and has a family, he or she is less likely to churn. The reason might be the busy life, more money or another factors.
If customer is not enrolled in services like online backup, online security, device protection, tech support, streaming Tv and streaming movies even though having active internet service, the survival probability is less.
The company should traget customers who opt for internet service as their survival probability constantly descreases. Also, Fiber Optilc type of Internet Service is costly and fast compared to DSL and this might be the reason of higher customer churning.
More offers should be given to customers who opt for month-to-month contract and company should target customers to subscribe for long-term service.
If customer's paying method is automatic, he or she is less likely to churn. The reason is in the case of electronic check and mailed check, a customer has to make an effort to pay and it takes time.
Survival Regression: I use cox-proportional hazard model to perform survival regression analysis on customer data. This model is used to relate several risk factors or exposures simultaneously to survival time. In a Cox proportional hazards regression model, the measure of effect is the hazard rate, which is the risk or probability of suffering the event of interest given that the participant has survived up to a specific time. The model fits the data well and the coefficients are shown below.



Using this model we can calculate the survival curve and hazard curve of any customer as shown below. These plots are useful to know the remaining life of a customer.

 

Customer Lifetime Value:

To calculate customer lifetime value, I would multiply the Monthly charges the customer is paying to Telcom and the expected life time of the customer.

I utilize the survival function of a customer to calculate its expected life time. I would like to be little bit conservative and consider the customer is churned when the survival probability of him is 10%.

Customer Churn Prediction
I aim to implement a machine learning model to accurately predict if the customer will churn or not.

Analysis
Churn and Tenure Relationship:



As we can see the higher the tenure, the lesser the churn rate. This tells us that the customer becomes loyal with the tenure.

Tenure Distrbution by Various Services:



When the customers are new they do not opt for various services and their churning rate is very high. This can be seen in above plot for Streaming Movies and this holds true for all various services.

Internet Service By Contract Type:



Many of the people of who opt for month-to-month Contract choose Fiber optic as Internet service and this is the reason for higher churn rate for fiber optic Internet service type.

Payment method By Contract Type:



People having month-to-month contract prefer paying by Electronic Check mostly or mailed check. The reason might be short subscription cancellation process compared to automatic payment.

Monthly Charges:



As we can see the customers paying high monthly fees churn more.

Modelling
For the modelling, I will use tress based Ensemble method as we do not have linearity in this classification problem. Also, we have a class imbalance of 1:3 and to combat it I will assign class weightage of 1:3 which means false negatives are 3 times costlier than false positives. I built a model on 80% of data and validated model on remaining 20% of data keeping in mind that I do not have data leakage. The random forest model has many hyperparameters and I tuned them using Grid Search Cross Validation while making sure that I do not overfit.

The final model resulted in 0.62 F1 score and 0.85 ROC-AUC. The resulting plots can be seen below.

 

From the feature importance plot, we can see which features govern the customer churn.

Explainability
We can explain and understand the Random forest model using explainable AI modules such as Permutation Importance, Partial Dependence plots and Shap values.

Permutation Importance shows feature importance by randomly shuffling feature values and measuring how much it degrades our performance.
 

Partial dependence plot is used to see how churning probability changes across the range of particular feature. For example, in below graph of tenure group, the churn probability decreases at a higher rate if a person is in tenure group 2 compared to 1.
 

 

Shap values (SHapley Additive exPlanations) is a game theoretic approach to explain the output of any machine learning model. In below plot we can see that why a particual customer's churning probability is less than baseline value and which features are causing them.


Flask App
I saved the final tuned Random Forest model and deployed it using Flask web app. Flask is a micro web framework written in Python. It is designed to make getting started quick and easy, with the ability to scale up to complex applications. I saved the shap value explainer tuned using random forest model to show shap plots in app. I have also utilized the cox-proportional hazard model to show survival curve and hazard curve, and to calculate expected customer lifetime value.

The final app shows churning probability, gauge chart of how severe a customer is and shap values based on customer's data. The final app layout can be seen above.

---
## [mcomstock/webgl-particle-swarm](https://github.com/mcomstock/webgl-particle-swarm)@[006ff0efb5...](https://github.com/mcomstock/webgl-particle-swarm/commit/006ff0efb594cdfe8f6f08707b38745451b1fb6e)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 12:26:33 by Darby

I FIXED IT But I think I made the git repo really ugly in terms of
commits there's like three branches that all have relevant things
on them oh god I'm sorry Max I cannot into git

---
## [Sureigh/RemBot](https://github.com/Sureigh/RemBot)@[05967b42c0...](https://github.com/Sureigh/RemBot/commit/05967b42c06da3f3517c57866dd33e3b1e9c70a6)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 14:46:04 by Sleigh

New Command - list_emotes

It's that cool command thing that a lot of bots do that shows every emote in a Discord server, and then tells you the name in like, an alphabetical order or whatever. Cool. Whatever.

I hate my life

Signed-off-by: Sleigh <slayerdeathicus@gmail.com>

---
## [prateek-pixels/Graph-Theory](https://github.com/prateek-pixels/Graph-Theory)@[414a047b5f...](https://github.com/prateek-pixels/Graph-Theory/commit/414a047b5f5606d477527da8cbbac29847b8642e)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 16:25:07 by Prateek Srivastava

Single Source shortest path 

We are going to implement Single source shortest path(SSSP) on tree using DFS
For better understanding we are going to solve a problem "Bishu and his Girlfriend" based on this algo. 
problem link: https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/graphs/depth-first-search/practice-problems/algorithm/bishu-and-his-girlfriend/

---
## [mrwitzig/pythonproject](https://github.com/mrwitzig/pythonproject)@[8ec4c56e5b...](https://github.com/mrwitzig/pythonproject/commit/8ec4c56e5bde4bbb993d2d3fc229628260d149a1)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 17:04:19 by mrwitzig

README

In which we create a simple game where you take a generic fantasy hero and make them fight a generic fantasy monster. Originally this was going to have a map, and I actually did get the map to render. But I couldn't figure out a way to make that interesting beyond just randomly wandering around the map until you bumped into the critter and getting the monster to a random spot was boring and fiddly so I decided to focus on the combat instead. Warning: I was tired and hungry when I wrote the comments, so expect some sass.

Okay, a lot of sass.

Combat here is simple: You have four stats: Health, Attack, Healing, and Defense
Health is your total HP. If it reaches 0 you die
Attack is your damage output.
Healing is your ability to heal yourself after taking damage.
Defense is your resistance to damage.
Damage is calculated by rolling your Attack score and then subtracting the result of rolling the target's Defense score
Everything is determined by rolls, with the score being the maximum result. Think of it as being a dWhatever dice
After the player attacks the monster attacks back. Rinse, repeat, until somebody dies.

There is a secret easter egg class and monster, Jedi and Moose. They're both ridiculously overpowered.

---
## [equestrianvault/horsebooks-data](https://github.com/equestrianvault/horsebooks-data)@[3c9ff6959c...](https://github.com/equestrianvault/horsebooks-data/commit/3c9ff6959c4d3560decdd958a223028dfb512a0e)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 17:41:02 by KeystrokeCascade

Updating a bunch of things

Added
 - My Little Sweetheart 7
 - Fallout Equestria: Duck and Cover (& Make Love Not War)
 - Fallout Equestria: Project Horizons (pt. 4 & 5)
 - Fallout: Equestria (MoI edition)
 - The Enchanted Library

Changed
 - Fallout: Equestria 4th Edition + Black Book Edition (now on AE's store)
 - Fallout Equestria: Murky Number 7 (now on AE's store)
 - Fallout Equestria: Project Horizons (Still available on MoI)

Fixed images on
 - Background Pony
 - Daring Do Adventures #1: Daring Do and the Quest for the Sapphire Stone
 - Mlp Comic
 - My Little Sweetheart
 - My Little Sweetheart Too!
 - My Little Sweetheart 3
 - My Little Sweetheart 4
 - My Little Sweetheart 5
 - Rainbow Light and Friends - a Coloring Book
 - The Hope Called Night: Firstborn
 - Torchwood: The New Equestria Files

Removed
 - Cutey Confidential 2015 - Standard Edition (no longer available)
 - Cutey Confidential 2015 - Premium Edition (no longer available)
 - Mi álbum (no longer available)
 - My Little Pony: Revenge of the Villains (no longer available)
 - All iisaw books (was doxxed and books were hit :( )

Replaced a bunch of http links with https
Replaced all "Perfect-bound paperback" with just "Paperback"
Differentiated between different printings in the title
Some other misc things probably

---
## [liferay/liferay-frontend-projects](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-frontend-projects)@[bb2d2272c4...](https://github.com/liferay/liferay-frontend-projects/commit/bb2d2272c4a89216b3c4c804434c4950bba21ce1)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 17:41:12 by Greg Hurrell

chore(js-themes-toolkit): make gulp-sass dependencies consistent

I just about tied my brain in knots making this small commit, but here
is what I checked before starting:

-   Places we currently use node-sass, as reported by `yarn why
    node-sass`:

    -   liferay-portal: node-sass 4.11.0
        -   via gulp-sass 3.2.1 (which depends on node-sass@^4.8.3)
            -   via liferay-theme-tasks
                -   via npm-scripts

    -   js-themes-toolkit 10.x series: node-sass 4.14.1
        -   via gulp-sass 3.2.1
            - via declared dependency on gulp-sass@^3.2.0

    -   js-themes-toolkit 9.x series: node-sass 4.13.1
        -   via gulp-sass 3.2.1
            - via declared dependency on gulp-sass@^3.2.0

    -   js-themes-toolkit 8.x series: node-sass 4.11.0
        -   via gulp-sass 3.2.1
            - via declared **dev** dependency on gulp-sass@^3.1.0
        -   via gulp-sass 3.2.0
            -   via liferay-theme-deps-7.0 and
                liferay-theme-deps-7.1
                -   via declared dependency on gulp-sass@3.2.0 (exact)

In terms of what versions of node-sass support what versions of NodeJS,
they have this lovely table:

    https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-sass

with a bunch of rows, but some interesting ones are:

-   Node 8 needs node-sass 4.5.3+, < 5.0
-   Node 10 needs node-sass 4.9+
-   Node 12 needs node-sass 4.12+

In other words, any version of node-sass >= 4.5.3 should work fine on
any version of Node but things get complicated when you hit node-sass
5.0; that version, which just came out a month ago, drops support for
all versions of Node except LTS versions (eg. 10, 12, 14) and the
current version (eg. 15).

Most of our customers probably use Node 10, but in case they don't, we
should not move to node-sass 5.0 at this time.

The js-themes-toolkit advertises itself as working with these versions
of DXP:

-   v8 = 6.2, 7.0, 7.1
-   v9 = 7.1 -> 7.2+ (gulp v3)
-   v10 = 7.1 -> 7.2+ (gulp v4)

And the version of Node that we use inside DXP was as follows (at least,
it was the last time I checked):

-   DXP 7.0.x: Node 6.6.0
-   DXP 7.1.x: Node 8.15.0 (note: even back here, async/await exists)
-   DXP 7.2.x: Node 10.15.1
-   DXP 7.3.x: Node 10.15.1
-   DXP master: 10.15.1

So, taking all that together, I think it is totally safe for us to
standardize on the latest gulp-sass (3.2.1) everywhere, and consequently
the latest node-sass in the 4.x series.

Steps taken in this commit:

1.  In 8.x, move gulp-sass from `devDependencies` to `dependencies` (ie.
    make it explicit instead of transitive, to match what we do on the other
    branches)
2.  In 8.x, update liferay-theme-deps-7.0 and liferay-theme-deps-7.1 to
    both depend on gulp-sass 3.2.1 instead of 3.2.0. I doubt we'll ever
    see another 3.x release of gulp-sass (3.2.1 was released 3 years
    ago), which means that this will keep us on node-sass 4.x for the
    foreseeable future.

As you can see, it produces a desirably small change in the lockfile,
including a move of node-sass up to 4.14.1. We have the option later on
of freshening lockfiles elsewhere (like in liferay-portal, and in the
9.x workspace) to bring them all into sync with 4.14.1.

---
## [StefGian/CodeWars](https://github.com/StefGian/CodeWars)@[170764e0ae...](https://github.com/StefGian/CodeWars/commit/170764e0ae0d74425a6e7a16db344bc2aecdbf5e)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 18:00:39 by Stefania Giannopoulou

Responsible drinking

Codewars Bar recommends you drink 1 glass of water per standard drink so you're not hungover tomorrow morning.

Your fellow coders have bought you several drinks tonight in the form of a string. Return a string suggesting how many glasses of water you should drink to not be hungover.
Note:

To keep the things simple, we'll consider that any "numbered thing" in the string is a drink. Even "1 bear" -> "1 glass of water"; or "1 chainsaw and 2 pools" -> "3 glasses of water"...

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge)@[f6ac1ba0ad...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/f6ac1ba0ad45deed4ca2dc524614c5d713ba5129)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 18:15:09 by Nikita Voloboev

anki api art photography arkit books image-processing vulkan computer-science bitcoin databases prometheus animation blender design-inspiration design-systems figma fonts psychedelics e-commerce finance tailwind-css html game-engines spatial-analysis cpu hardware depression keyboards ml-libraries pytorch machine-learning ml-models generative-adversarial-networks management geometry music-artists music-production music iot microservices bots nlp speech-recognition github-actions kubernetes fuchsia-os linux other philanthropy assembly coq go-libraries idris js-libraries mdx nextjs react-components vue julia-libraries language-server-protocol rust-libraries rust swift-libraries json programming fuzzing marketing vim-plugins email browsers nodejs search-engines webassembly

---
## [thebakken/waterwatcher](https://github.com/thebakken/waterwatcher)@[9caba09e68...](https://github.com/thebakken/waterwatcher/commit/9caba09e687a5a1c26b67f4649ec30f4d399883f)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 20:11:28 by Eileen King

Bugfix

Based on watching DE try this on my phone:
- Done: droppers only appear now IF BOTTLES ARE OPAQUE (dur)
- Observation: this is virtually impossible on a tiny screen. it was especially hard to tell if dropper was dropping, given that finger covered the entirety of the animation. Could the falling drops be more prominent? Maybe dropper highlights wells that are farther below, like a pseudo 3D, almost, so that the drops guaranteed have room to fall visibly?
- It's impossible to tell which wells you've dropped anything into. Is...that a problem, or is it fine given the way this is intended to be used (with science journal, not as standalone)?
- It's probably still possible to add two different substances to the same well (...which, granted, would be possible in real life too, but Anika had suggested not doing that)
- re-pipetting the whole plate if you mess up would be INTENSELY frustrating. Granted, that's how real life works too, probably...but should there be an undo and/or "empty this well" option? bring the pipette back in?
- Good news: most of it seems fairly intuitive, at least to an autistic kid who's done it in person, even when the instructions are too small to read

---
## [Teemperor/llvm-project](https://github.com/Teemperor/llvm-project)@[512185419e...](https://github.com/Teemperor/llvm-project/commit/512185419eee56de9fdae429cb972e7fc658f410)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 20:35:14 by Raphael Isemann

[lldb] Don't infinite loop in SemaSourceWithPriorities::CompleteType when trying to complete a forward decl

SemaSourceWithPriorities is a special SemaSource that wraps our normal LLDB
ExternalASTSource and the ASTReader (which is used for the C++ module loading).
It's only active when the `import-std-module` setting is turned on.

The `CompleteType` function there in `SemaSourceWithPriorities` is looping over
all ExternalASTSources and asks each to complete the type. However, that loop is
in another loop that keeps doing that until the type is complete. If that
function is ever called on a type that is a forward decl then that causes LLDB
to go into an infinite loop.

I remember I added that second loop and the comment because I thought I saw a
similar pattern in some other Clang code, but after some grepping I can't find
that code anywhere and it seems the rest of the code base only calls
CompleteType once (It would also be kinda silly to have calling it multiple
times). So it seems that's just a silly mistake.

The is implicitly tested by importing `std::pair`, but I also added a simpler
dedicated test that creates a dummy libc++ module with some forward declarations
and then imports them into the scratch AST context. At some point the
ASTImporter will check if one of the forward decls could be completed by the
ExternalASTSource, which will cause the `SemaSourceWithPriorities` to go into an
infinite loop once it receives the `CompleteType` call.

Reviewed By: shafik

Differential Revision: https://reviews.llvm.org/D87289

(cherry picked from commit 32c8da41dc0cb99651823a1a21130c2cbdf688e1)

---
## [fvckc0d3/crispy-octo-rotary-phone](https://github.com/fvckc0d3/crispy-octo-rotary-phone)@[bf35186d5b...](https://github.com/fvckc0d3/crispy-octo-rotary-phone/commit/bf35186d5bf8b1cffade845ad36578e013dd6610)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 23:04:35 by fvckc0d3

Update issue templates

I graduated the university with a computer science degree and after graduation started working on this field. I tried to like programming, but it was all in vein. It was not really my thing. In addition, it was not easy to make a career in the company where I started working. There are times where you should give passion to my hobby y — blogging and writing on the internet. I was doing it approximately about three years by then.

I was invited to take a marketing position to a large IT company. My duties were blogging and social media. In essence, everything seemed fine for the first several months, but soon I became obsessing with the idea of opening my own media startup. That being sad, I've decided to leave this job.

---
## [Ghostglass/vscode](https://github.com/Ghostglass/vscode)@[4dbd3b185d...](https://github.com/Ghostglass/vscode/commit/4dbd3b185dea71145c6e79cb658807591d21e02d)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 23:08:34 by Ghostglass

cfg_kimmys_realm.html

WEL<COME TO MY TECHNOLOGICAL REALM

Hello World!

I have been here before.. many, many, times..

adding, deleting, editing..scripting away—

Yet, I am delighted

that you have found my not-so-secret nest..

This is the internet after all..

with sublime support and guidance from Code First Girls,

this is where my technological realm begins..

Most recently, having A LOT of time reflecting on past and

future current events -- I've decided to acknowledge a switch

to my sudden self-realisation that I was not happy in my

career in dentistry;

I felt compelled to make changes happen in my life or else I

will never know.

Thoughts stirred and  formed, planting 'motivational seeds'

Exploring the brave new world behind a touch screen

---
## [zswirad/zswirad.github.io](https://github.com/zswirad/zswirad.github.io)@[f93eb3c0c2...](https://github.com/zswirad/zswirad.github.io/commit/f93eb3c0c2e218adff94b467ed2ebd18ba5ac618)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 23:22:56 by zswirad

Create index.html

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Hank Quinlan, Horrible Cop</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
    		<ul>
        		<li><a href="/">Home</a></li>
	        	<li><a href="/about">About</a></li>
        		<li><a href="/cv">CV</a></li>
        		<li><a href="/blog">Blog</a></li>
    		</ul>
		</nav>
		<div class="container">
    		<div class="blurb">
        		<h1>Hi there, I'm Hank Quinlan!</h1>
				<p>I'm best known as the horrible cop from <em>A Touch of Evil</em> Don't trust me. <a href="/about">Read more about my life...</a></p>
    		</div><!-- /.blurb -->
		</div><!-- /.container -->
		<footer>
    		<ul>
        		<li><a href="mailto:hankquinlanhub@gmail.com">email</a></li>
        		<li><a href="https://github.com/hankquinlan">github.com/hankquinlan</a></li>
			</ul>
		</footer>
	</body>
</html>

---
## [Draylar/bee-better](https://github.com/Draylar/bee-better)@[4a2155cec3...](https://github.com/Draylar/bee-better/commit/4a2155cec3a2411f40269d15c0701b70d4ba0924)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 23:50:32 by Draylar

Merge pull request #10 from Yoghurt4C/fuck-you-baltimore

It's 2016; why are we using ColdFusion?!

---
## [InfoTeddy/VVVVVV](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV)@[67e9cd0bd7...](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV/commit/67e9cd0bd7b54bd8aeab8a9d8dac7674b3efb11f)
#### Thursday 2020-12-10 23:59:05 by Misa

Add dead bodies

Last night (the night of December 4th, 2020), I was laying in bed with
Coral on a Discord voice call and she was thinking about how checkpoints
worked. (Like, an in-lore explanation, not how it works in the actual
game.) Then she suggested at one point, what if there was a mod for
VVVVVV where you left behind a dead body every time you died.

So behold, this is that mod. What happens every time you die is the game
keeps track of where exactly you died, along with your sprite at the
time of death, and shoves it into an array. Then the game simply draws
that array on the screen, using color 1 (which is the color of death).
In the main game, it's drawn above all other non-humanoids, but in
custom levels it's drawn before every other entity.

Supercrewmates (the Intermission 1 companion) also create dead bodies.

Dying as VVVVVV-Man doesn't show a VVVVVV-Man-sized body, but the
playtesting ghosts feature doesn't account for VVVVVV-Man either, so.
Possibly playtesting ghosts and dead bodies should just use the same
entity-drawing function as normal entities do, but that's a bit
complicated. Or at the very least, some code should be refactored and
de-duplicated there to easily enable that without having to copy-paste
code.

Dead bodies are cleared every time you quit to the menu, or exit
playtesting (so, every time scriptclass::hardreset() gets called).

Whenever a dead body is added, there's also a check so the game doesn't
add a duplicate dead body if there's already a dead body that exists
with the same exact position and drawframe.

---

# [<](2020-12-09.md) 2020-12-10 [>](2020-12-11.md)

