# [<](2020-11-12.md) 2020-11-13 [>](2020-11-14.md)

2,802,056 events, 1,385,478 push events, 2,150,225 commit messages, 154,229,781 characters


## [discordia-space/CEV-Eris](https://github.com/discordia-space/CEV-Eris)@[04e9ec00b1...](https://github.com/discordia-space/CEV-Eris/commit/04e9ec00b1c401a071945c37fd4c683ec1ef0cd4)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 01:37:13 by 1glitchycent

resprites the technomancer armor (#5646)

* yo we wuz technomancers an shiet

5 months of technofans per communist killed

* deletes the extra eris we have in code

this is real life we aren't technomancers no wackies allowed

* females also wear armor

wtf how?????????????????????

* sold ballistic plates to pay for technofans

nerfed ballistic armor values and buffed bomb

* FUCK ATOMIZING 

I gotta do it doe

* Update armor.dm

* change desc

* yo we got da gucci plate carriers

updates sprite

* epic helmet

7 commits(not counting first 2) on a resprite. GAMING.

* FINAL COMMIT(I HOPE), resprites armor once aga

armo likes it I think

---
## [yudi-azvd/oac-labs](https://github.com/yudi-azvd/oac-labs)@[17887c8cd2...](https://github.com/yudi-azvd/oac-labs/commit/17887c8cd21b291271c9eff4b30c2308122b4316)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 02:47:57 by enzoyoshio

shit shit fuck fuck holy shit crap Tentativa de fazer o caminho de dados

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA PUTA QUE PARIU FUCK fuck shit damn fuck when this will end shit shit

---
## [ChazizTech/2003page](https://github.com/ChazizTech/2003page)@[9fef0e6885...](https://github.com/ChazizTech/2003page/commit/9fef0e6885fbf6ea55fd1a77a155fb3d3acc71ae)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 04:33:52 by PF94

MAKE 2003PAGE CONTRIBS OR IT WILL DIE

DO THIS SHIT UNTIL JAN 1ST 2021 OR ELSE THIS WILL FUCKING DIE

---
## [cockroachdb/cockroach](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach)@[55ccce8544...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/55ccce8544747169a803ef83c1f39387ba89c9f2)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 04:52:27 by craig[bot]

Merge #56373 #56437 #56627

56373: hlc: introduce synthetic flag on timestamps r=nvanbenschoten a=nvanbenschoten

Informs #52745.
Informs #36431.

This commit introduces an 8-bit `flags` field on the hlc timestamp struct. The flags are used to provide details about the timestamp and its meaning. They do not affect the sort order of Timestamps.

The commit then introduces the first flag: SYNTHETIC. As discussed in #52745, a synthetic timestamp is defined as a timestamp that makes no claim about the value of clocks in the system. While standard timestamps are pulled from HLC clocks and indicate that some node in the system has a clock with a reading equal to or above its value, a synthetic timestamp makes no such indication. By avoiding a connection to "real time", synthetic timestamps can be used to write values at a future time and to indicate that observed timestamps do not apply to such writes for the purposes of tracking causality between the write and its observers. Observed timestamps will be a critical part of implementing non-blocking transactions (#52745) and fixing the interaction between observed timestamps and transaction refreshing (#36431).

The original plan was to reserve the high-order bit in the logical portion of a timestamp as a "synthetic bit". This is how I began implementing things, but was turned off for a few reasons. First, it was fairly subtle and seemed too easy to get wrong. Using a separate field is more explicit and avoids a class of bugs. Second, I began to have serious concerns about how the synthetic bit would impact timestamp ordering. Every timestamp comparison would need to mask out the bit or risk being incorrect. This was even true of the LSM custom comparator. This seemed difficult to get right and seemed particularly concerning since we're planning on marking only some of a transaction's committed values as synthetic to fix #36431, so if we weren't careful, we could get atomicity violations. There were also minor backwards compatibility concerns.

But a separate field is more expensive in theory, so we need to be careful. However, it turns out that a separate field is mostly free in each case that we care about. In memory, the separate field is effectively free because the Timestamp struct was previously 12 bytes but was always padded out to 16 bytes when included as a field in any other struct. This means that the flags field is replacing existing padding. Over the wire, the field will not be included when zero and will use a varint encoding when not zero, so again, it is mostly free. In the engine key encoding, the field is also not included when zero, and takes up only 1 byte when non-zero, so it is mostly free.

----

First three commits from #56477.

@sumeerbhola I'm hoping you can take a look at the engine-level changes in the `introduce synthetic flag on timestamps` commit (4th commit as of the time of writing). I think the key encoding added here makes sense, but want to make sure you're on board. One possible concern is that we introduce a new 13-byte suffix, which means that combined with a 4-byte sequence number (see https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/issues/41720#issuecomment-548780872), we'd collide with the 17 byte `engineKeyVersionLockTableLen`.

@tbg do you mind being the primary reviewer here? I think you know the most about the motivations for this change and will have a good sense of whether this is the best way to introduce additional state on timestamps.

56437: cli, ui: dismiss release notes signup banner per environment variable r=knz,dhartunian a=nkodali

Previously, the signup banner could only be dismissed manually.
For internal testing purposes, this banner is unnecessary. This
change provides a way to dismiss the signup banner upon start of
a cluster via the cli by setting the environment variable
COCKROACH_UI_RELEASE_NOTES_SIGNUP_DISMISSED=true.

Resolves #46998

Release note: none

56627: sql: rework SHOW REGIONS to SHOW REGIONS FROM CLUSTER r=ajstorm a=otan

Resolves #56331 

Release note (sql change): SHOW REGIONS functionality is now deferred to
SHOW REGIONS FROM CLUSTER.

Co-authored-by: Nathan VanBenschoten <nvanbenschoten@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Namrata Kodali <namrata@cockroachlabs.com>
Co-authored-by: Oliver Tan <otan@cockroachlabs.com>

---
## [rhodso/dndCharacterSheet](https://github.com/rhodso/dndCharacterSheet)@[fb065373d8...](https://github.com/rhodso/dndCharacterSheet/commit/fb065373d8f56f3a58e3d57679b30a610df5abf8)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 12:34:41 by rhodso

It brokey
FUCKING JAVA CANNOT FIND A CLASS THAT'S IN THE sAmE fUcKiNg PaCkAgE WHY
YOU PIECE OF SHIT WHY FUCK YOU I HATE JAVA JUST FUCKING WORK
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[362223f021...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/362223f02185b584178de4c8f8d24036839e5fd6)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 13:01:00 by Marko Grdinić

"1:25pm. Let me resume.

The chores took relatively little today, but then I had to take a break.

Let me test the packages. So far, the fixes have gone rather smoothly.

1:30pm. It works just fine, though I've noticed an error. The circularity errors are not being propagated properly.

```fs
                    if circular_nodes.Contains(sub) then
                        let rest = if is_circular then " and the current package is a part of that loop." else "."
                        errors.Add(r,sprintf "This package is circular%s" rest)
```

This works when the root package is loaded first, but if a cycle is loaded, and then a package pointing to it, then this error won't be propagated, and instead I will get a regular error.

```fs
Map.add cur (Ok {schema=v; package_links=Seq.toList links; package_errors=Seq.toList errors; is_circular=is_circular}) schemas
```

Let me add an extra field.

1:40pm.

```fs
| Ok x when x.is_circular -> errors.Add(r,"This package is circular.")
```

Let me just add this case. Now it should work. It is hacky, but the user should not notice.

1:45pm. With this the package manager is done. I am fully back to par.

I am just wasting time right now. I want to take a break for the rest of the day already, but there is no way I am going to allow myself this.

The question I need to ask is - what is next?

1:55pm. I need to think about it. I am max distracted right now. What I should do is just shut down and go to bed for a while. It has been some time since I did that.

What I should do next is the multi file stream. Right now I am thinking how to implement it.

I need to roll this around in my mind for a while.

Right now literally everything is place for me to do this properly. I am no longer hampered by imperative servers and I have everything I need to do to tackle packages properly.

I won't consider how I will deal with inter package dependencies, for this phase I will restrict my mind to only the current steps.

2pm. It is fine if I do today slowly. Pushing myself to go forward only makes sense in days like yesterday.

Today I managed to debug those issues and now I have time to just think.

This is the benefit of belonging to yourself. You live in poverty, but you are also allowed to think whatever you want. I would never want to lose this."

---
## [ilammy/setup-nasm](https://github.com/ilammy/setup-nasm)@[265cbdd60a...](https://github.com/ilammy/setup-nasm/commit/265cbdd60a47a21e9118bd76f843c88769daa7c8)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 13:04:28 by ilammy

Download nasm source tarballs instead of ZIP archives

ZIP archives use DOS line endings while tarballs have UNIX line endings.
Autotools, and shell, and other stuff on UNIX systems like Linux and
macOS break down when they encounter DOS line endings. We used to work
around that by converting some files into UNIX line endings (while
keeping everything else using DOS). However, with latest versions of
nasm even more files need to be converted. This is painful to track.

Instead, let's just download tarballs with UNIX line endings in them in
the first place. I don't really remember why ZIPs have been used instead
of tarballs. I guess because we already needed ZIP for prebuilt binaries
(which are *not* available in tarballs), and I did not want to mess with
yet another dependency. Well, it's not the case now.

Add a "tar-fs" module to deal with tarballs. "node-fetch" will gunzip
them during the download but we still need to extract the results into
filesystem. Popping dependencies like candies, yay for Node.js!

Note that tarballs have a bit different structure -- a proper one --
with all files stored inside a directory. Also note that I have zero
clues about writing proper JavaScript code with async/await and I used
evolutionary programming to write this code. It works. I'm fine with it.

Source builds are not supported on Windows, but I guess if they did
work, they would not have trouble dealing with UNIX line endings there.

---
## [newstools/2020-news-24](https://github.com/newstools/2020-news-24)@[bb20e7f183...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-news-24/commit/bb20e7f183abdc8451c5465a555e6921af4d50b4)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 13:46:13 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.news24.com/SouthAfricanews24/southafrica/news/mpumalanga-man-who-killed-ex-girlfriend-2-girls-in-evil-plan-sentenced-to-life-in-jail-20201113]

---
## [sandsmark/kdelibs](https://github.com/sandsmark/kdelibs)@[223f5cc9ed...](https://github.com/sandsmark/kdelibs/commit/223f5cc9ed6456410477ceffc5a9bf4f7855399d)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 16:11:33 by Martin T. H. Sandsmark

goddamn this was annoying to track down, libtool is extreme shit

---
## [RubikonZ/RandomProjects](https://github.com/RubikonZ/RandomProjects)@[34958c0bd5...](https://github.com/RubikonZ/RandomProjects/commit/34958c0bd59d4088012cad7bbdabdfb458ff06a6)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 16:26:04 by Ruben

just edited my personal info because fuck you that's why

---
## [NikolaiVChr/f16](https://github.com/NikolaiVChr/f16)@[4331c3b36b...](https://github.com/NikolaiVChr/f16/commit/4331c3b36b1b303b9dcab15d92fc6f2c919f032a)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 18:08:14 by J Maverick 16

Merging ROKAF liv (#324)

* Model: Vermont b30 livery less saturation and aliasing.

* Model: Vermont b30 livery less saturation and aliasing. Paintkit.

* Arms: Fixed bug in missile code if missile fired below minimum guiding speed.

* Sim: Damage now discards flying arms with no model.

* Arms: G overload limiter reworked to be faster, but less accurate.

* Sim: Minor damage fix

* Restore hook animation

Use the hook simulation as input for the animation, as intended, and
based on the actual hook parameters. With inspiration from the f-14b.

* Hook light indicates status of the hook itself, not the switch

* Livs: Added ROKAF by Salmon

* Fuck off with this shit

Co-authored-by: Nikolai V Chr <emptyyetfull@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: PH-JAKE <ph-jake@xs4all.nl>

---
## [zopac/freemanatee-client](https://github.com/zopac/freemanatee-client)@[a5a7c4f8bf...](https://github.com/zopac/freemanatee-client/commit/a5a7c4f8bf7cb47d1acc1096a1edd781f2c49145)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 22:17:21 by yeah

remove the hwid fuck you im tired of getting dms

die

---
## [pankajerma/UsBoomBikes](https://github.com/pankajerma/UsBoomBikes)@[82029de287...](https://github.com/pankajerma/UsBoomBikes/commit/82029de28752c1dc95c3b92e4e4c210129d482b4)
#### Friday 2020-11-13 22:24:52 by pankaj verma

Add files via upload

Assignment-based Subjective Questions:
1.From your analysis of the categorical variables from the dataset, what could you infer about their effect on the dependent variable?
Answer: The plots above shows the relationship between categorical variables and a Target variable.
• Bike Rentals are more during the Fall season and then in summer
• Bike Rentals are more in the year 2019 compared to 2018
• Bike Rentals are more in partly cloudy weather
• Bike Rentals are more on Saturday,wednesday and thursday
2.Why is it important to use drop_first=True during dummy variable creation? Answer:
3.Looking at the pair-plot among the numerical variables, which one has the highest correlation with the target variable?
Answer: Bike rentals are more correlated to temperature.
4. How did you validate the assumptions of Linear Regression after building the model on the training set?
Answer: We arrived at a very decent model for the the demand for shared bikes with the significant variables. We can see that temperature variable is having the highest coefficient 0.4914, which means if the temperature increases by one unit the number of bike rentals increases by 0.4914 units.Similary we can see coefficients of other variables in the equation for best fitted line.We also see there are some variables with negative coefficients, A negative coefficient suggests that as the independent variable increases, the dependent variable tends to decrease. We have spring, mist cloudy , light snow variables with negative coefficient. The coefficient value signifies how much the mean of the dependent variable changes given a one- unit shift in the independent variable while holding other variables in the model constant.¶
 more dummy features make it harder for the algorithm to fit or even worse make it
 easier to overfit. To avoid over fitting of the model and to avoid the redundant values.

5. Based on the final model, which are the top 3 features contributing significantly towards explaining the demand of the shared bikes?
Answer: A US bike-sharing provider BoomBikes can focus more on Temperature
We can see demand for bikes was more in 2019 than 2018, so just focus as there is increase in 2019 and might be facing dips in their revenues due to the ongoing Corona pandemic and by the time it reduces the things will be better. Can focus more on Summer & Winter season, August, September month, Weekends, Working days as they have good influence on bike rentals. We can see spring season has negative coefficients and negatively correlated to bike rentals. So we can give some offers there to increase the demand Now seeing to weathers it variable, we have got negative coefficients for Mist +cloudy and Lights now weather... And yes we can give offers
General Subjective Questions: 1.Explain the linear regression algorithm in detail.
 Answer: Linear Regression is a machine learning algorithm based on supervised learning. It performs a regression task. Regression models a target prediction value based on independent variables. It is mostly used for finding out the relationship between variables and forecasting. Different regression models differ based on – the kind of relationship between dependent and independent variables, they are considering and the number of independent variables being

 used.
 Linear regression performs the task to predict a dependent variable value (y) based on a given independent variable (x). So, this regression technique finds out a linear relationship between x (input) and y(output). Hence, the name is Linear Regression.
In the figure above, X (input) is the work experience and Y (output) is the salary of a person. The regression line is the best fit line for our model.
Hypothesis function for Linear Regression :
 2.Explain the Anscombe’s quartet in detail.
Answer: Statistics have long been used to describe data in general terms. For example, things like variance and standard deviation allow us to understand how much variation there was in some data without having to look at every data point individually. They give us a rough idea as to how consistent data is. However, knowing variance alone does not give you the full picture as to what the data truly is in its native form. Statistics are great for describing general trends and aspects of data, but statistics alone can't fully depict any data set. Francis Anscombe realized this in 1973 and created several data sets, all with several identical statistical properties, to illustrate it. These data sets, collectively known as “Anscombe's Quartet

3.What is Pearson’s R?
Answer: Correlation is a technique for investigating the relationship between two quantitative, continuous variables, for example, age and blood pressure. Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) is a measure of the strength of the association between the two variables. The first step in studying the relationship between two continuous variables is to draw a scatter plot of the variables to check for linearity. The correlation coefficient should not be calculated if the relationship is not linear. For correlation only purposes, it does not really matter on which axis the variables are plotted. However, conventionally, the independent (or explanatory) variable is plotted on the x-axis (horizontally) and the dependent (or response) variable is plotted on the y- axis (vertically).The nearer the scatter of points is to a straight line, the higher the strength of association between the variables. Also, it does not matter what measurement units are used.
4. What is scaling? Why is scaling performed? What is the difference between normalized scaling and standardized scaling?
Answer
Normalization is good to use when you know that the distribution of your data does not follow a Gaussian distribution. This can be useful in algorithms that do not assume any distribution of the data like K-Nearest Neighbors and Neural Networks. Standardization, on the other hand, can be helpful in cases where the data follows a Gaussian distribution. However, this does not have to be necessarily true. Also, unlike normalization, standardization does not have a bounding range. So, even if you have
outliers in your data, they will not be affected by standardization.
5.You might have observed that sometimes the value of VIF is infinite. Why does this
happen? Answer
 : It is a step of Data Pre Processing which is applied to independent variables or features
 of data. It basically helps to normalize the data within a particular range. Sometimes, it also
 helps in speeding up the calculations in an algorithm.
 : VIF is an index that provides a measure of how much the variance of an estimated
 regression coefficient increases due to collinearity. In order to determine VIF, we fit a
 regression model between the independent variables. A large value of VIF indicates that there
 is a correlation between the variables. If the VIF is 4, this means that the variance of the model
 coefficient is inflated by a factor of 4 due to the presence of multicollinearity. This would mean
 that that standard error of this coefficient is inflated by a factor of 2 (square root of variance is
 the standard deviation). The standard error of the coefficient determines the confidence
 interval of the model coefficients. If the standard error is large, then the confidence intervals

 may be large, and the model coefficient may come out to be non-significant due to the
 presence of multicollinearity. A general rule of thumb is that if VIF > 10 then there is
 multicollinearity. Note that this is a rough rule of thumb, in some cases we might choose to live
 with high VIF values if it does not affect our model results such as when we are fitting a
 quadratic or cubic model or depending on the sample size a large value of VIF may not
 necessarily indicate a poor model.
6.What is a Q-Q plot? Explain the use and importance of a Q-Q plot in linear regression?
Answer:As the name suggests, the Q-Q plot is a graphical plotting of the quantiles of two distributions with respect to each other. In other words, you plot quantiles against quantiles.Whenever you interpret a Q-Q plot, you should concentrate on the ‘y = x’ line. You also call it the 45-degree line in statistics. It entails that each of your distributions has the same quantiles. In case you witness a deviation from this line, one of the distributions could be skewed when compared to the other.

---

# [<](2020-11-12.md) 2020-11-13 [>](2020-11-14.md)

