# [<](2020-03-18.md) 2020-03-19 [>](2020-03-20.md)

160,822 events, 84,758 push events, 135,969 commit messages, 10,520,802 characters


## [Muhframos/Spellsource-Server](https://github.com/Muhframos/Spellsource-Server)@[3a7d57444e...](https://github.com/Muhframos/Spellsource-Server/commit/3a7d57444e11f9afb2380483d192340b08723639)
#### Thursday 2020-03-19 22:11:35 by Muhframos

Occultist Nerfs / Buffs / Changes

Occultist Changes:

Card Nerfs :

Eldritch Experimenter 2 lun 1/4 -> 1/3 (Whenever this minion takes damage, give another random friendly minion +1/+1)

Star Sculptor 4 lun 3/3 -> Idol Sculptor, 5 lun (Opener: Summon a copy of a friendly minion. It has Guard and can't attack.)

Distortoise 4 lun 3/7 -> 2/8 (Guard. Opener: Deal 3 damage to your champion)

Decaying Colossus 2 lun 2/8 -> 2/7 (At the end of each turn, this takes 1 damage)

Scourge Cultist 2 lun 2/3 -> Hastur's Acolyte, 2/2 (Opener: If a friendly minion died this turn, summon two 1/1 Tentacles with Guard.)

Underwater Horrors 2 Lun -> 3 Lun (Shuffle a minion into its owner's deck. At the end of their turn, they draw it)

Merciless Corruptor 3 Lun 1/1 -> 5 Lun 1/6 (Opener: Give all other minions "Aftermath: Deal 1 damage to all minions.")

Towering Horror 4 lun 6/2 -> 5 Lun 4/2 (Opener: Gain +2 Health for each minion that died this turn.)

Rain of Tentacles 6 Lun -> 7 Lun (Fill your board with 1/1 Tentacles with Guard.)


Cards that were replaced:

Ancient's Aid (2 Lun, Take 3 damage and summon three 1/1 Tentacles with Guard)
(Replaced by: Abyssal Protector)

Lash Out (3 Lun, Deal 1 damage to all enemies and summon two 1/1 Tentacles with Guard)
(Replaced by: Bloodthirsty Cult)

Mind Flay (2 Lun, Deal 5 damage to a minion, its owner draws 2 cards)
(Replaced by: Accumulated Rage)

Unholy Tremors (3 Lun, Deal 1 damage to all minions, twice)
(Replaced by: Rite of Worship)

Monolith of Doom (2 Lun 0/5, Opener: Deal 1 damage (Doubles for each Monolith of Doom played this turn)
(Replaced by: Volatile Wisdom)


Card Buffs:

Hulking Magmass 8 Lun 6/6 -> Reborn Champion 7 Lun (Guard, Opener: Gain +2/+2 for each minion that died this turn.)

Party Pooper 3 Lun 3/5 -> Abyssal Lurker 5 lun 7/7 (Guard Opener: Shuffle all other friendly minions into your deck.)

Tentacolossus 5 Lun 4/4 -> 4 Lun (Opener: Destroy all friendly Tentacles, gain +2/+2 for each destroyed.)

Abholos 9 Lun 9/7 -> 7 Lun 9/9 (Aftermath: Destroy friendly minions. Resummon this with the combined stats.)

Kahl of the Deep 5 Lun 3/5 -> 4 Lun (Aftermath: Shuffle this into your opponent's deck and give it "When drawn, draw 3 cards")

Astral Anomaly 7 Lun 6/3 (After you cast a spell on this, cast it on all other minions.) -> (Whenever you cast a spell on this, cast it on all other minions.)


Note: I didn't rename the cards that im nerfing or buffing but they are all in this pull request. Should i do this differently?

---
## [adam-verma/FoodFeed](https://github.com/adam-verma/FoodFeed)@[fc77213896...](https://github.com/adam-verma/FoodFeed/commit/fc77213896574ac6425979f0e33bc418c1d2a9c6)
#### Thursday 2020-03-19 23:49:12 by danman15726

Fixed crucial errors to where the package-lock.json needed extra brackets and a comma. Problem inherited from a pull. Fixed an issue I was facing where something about 'apply not being defined' was blocking me from working. After uninstalling and reinstalling NPM packages multiple times, I found the answer that I had to install redux dev-tools extentions for every browser I was using the app on. This is ridiculous and the corresponding packages need to be deleted off the face of the earth. Also inherited from pull. Lastly fixed an annoying CSS bug where the <div className = 'container' </div> in App.js was causing trouble with the grid. I replaced the code with a <React.Fragment></React.Fragment>. PLEASE DO NOT REMOVE UNTIL YOU TALK TO ME. MORE THAN LIKELY, THIS CHANGE HAS TO STAY IN ORDER FOR THE GRID SYSTEM TO WORK. I commented out some code in App.js as well and left a TODO in place so I can remind myself before pushing to master. I also created a styles folder in the pages portion of the src folder. STATUS UPDATE:  I WAS working on the socket.io chat application, however, it seems that the express npm package may be interfering with it's functionality. That has been placed on a small hold until further notice. It would be a wiser choice to figure out the streamers' mongoose models before proceeding with chat anyway.

---

# [<](2020-03-18.md) 2020-03-19 [>](2020-03-20.md)

