# [<](2020-10-17.md) 2020-10-18 [>](2020-10-19.md)

2,060,649 events, 1,203,607 push events, 1,703,657 commit messages, 99,334,001 characters


## [UVASGD/art-kit-jam-2](https://github.com/UVASGD/art-kit-jam-2)@[8e0e24f7ee...](https://github.com/UVASGD/art-kit-jam-2/commit/8e0e24f7ee8e478876fe51cf810905d06ff8db5e)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 03:02:37 by Jimmy Connors

Added Model/ Animations to Character Controller

Added animation functionality for the character controller script using the knight and the animator we have. Similar code could probably be used for the friendly knights, though I suspect we should probably chop off the head of the one you control since you can really tell the camera is inside his head right now lol.

---
## [rejane-b/pandas-challenge](https://github.com/rejane-b/pandas-challenge)@[4889bbf655...](https://github.com/rejane-b/pandas-challenge/commit/4889bbf655d482ce9f28f8e729fe4e4509de612b)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 03:44:47 by rejane-b

Update README.md

Heroes of Pymoli

Congratulations! After a lot of hard work in the data munging mines, you've landed a job as Lead Analyst for an independent gaming company. You've been assigned the task of analyzing the data for their most recent fantasy game Heroes of Pymoli.
Like many others in its genre, the game is free-to-play, but players are encouraged to purchase optional items that enhance their playing experience. As a first task, the company would like you to generate a report that breaks down the game's purchasing data into meaningful insights.
Your final report should include each of the following:

Player Count

Total Number of Players


Purchasing Analysis (Total)

Number of Unique Items
Average Purchase Price
Total Number of Purchases
Total Revenue


Gender Demographics

Percentage and Count of Male Players
Percentage and Count of Female Players
Percentage and Count of Other / Non-Disclosed


Purchasing Analysis (Gender)

The below each broken by gender

Purchase Count
Average Purchase Price
Total Purchase Value
Average Purchase Total per Person by Gender




Age Demographics

The below each broken into bins of 4 years (i.e. <10, 10-14, 15-19, etc.)

Purchase Count
Average Purchase Price
Total Purchase Value
Average Purchase Total per Person by Age Group




Top Spenders

Identify the the top 5 spenders in the game by total purchase value, then list (in a table):

SN
Purchase Count
Average Purchase Price
Total Purchase Value




Most Popular Items

Identify the 5 most popular items by purchase count, then list (in a table):

Item ID
Item Name
Purchase Count
Item Price
Total Purchase Value




Most Profitable Items

Identify the 5 most profitable items by total purchase value, then list (in a table):

Item ID
Item Name
Purchase Count
Item Price
Total Purchase Value

---
## [iqti94/covid-19](https://github.com/iqti94/covid-19)@[513719ed20...](https://github.com/iqti94/covid-19/commit/513719ed20c6319301620a7a90d006834cc8d583)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 05:44:10 by iqti94

Add files via upload

COVID-19 Desktop Application:
(ONLINE APP)

We make a DESKTOP APPICATION, in which you are familier about the COVID-19 informations such as cases, deaths and recovered cases.

Firstly, check the important informations:

1. OVERVIEW:
       In overview ,, it gives the information about WHOLE world such as total cases, total deaths and recovered cases.

2. ACTIVE CASES:
       It also give the active information about the whole world.

3. CLOSED CASES:
       It also give the closed information about the whole world.

4. COUNTRY:
       In this window, you familier about your country, and the others countries,, enter the country name,,such as search about pakistan, it gives the information about it,, but important thing is if you want to search about USA,, then you simply enter the Us, and if you want to search SOUTH AFRICA,, the in the middle put -,i.e SOUTH-AFRICA,,, 
       if you cannot put - then it cannot give you information about it,,, if there is a space in country name,, then put in the -

5. WORLD & GRAPH:
       It shows you table in which there is a different countries names and there is a graph of the whole countries.


7. TEST PROCESS:
       It is actually a chatbot,, in which you can type firstly hi,, then it says how are you,, you type,,if you are fine then type fine and if not then type ill,,,
       and chatbot asked a certain questions from you to check the symptoms ,, if symptoms occurs then chatbot says yes ,,, and no symptoms then simply no.

                                                         "I have also make installer of this app,, you can easily be install the app in windows 8.1, 10 64bit machine"

  ......................when you run the app it takes little time,, because the code is written in cpython not in object oriented programming language...................................



Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is defined as illness caused by a novel coronavirus now called severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2; formerly called 2019-nCoV), which was first identified amid an outbreak of respiratory illness cases in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China. [1] It was initially reported to the WHO on December 31, 2019. On January 30, 2020, the WHO declared the COVID-19 outbreak a global health emergency. [2, 3] On March 11, 2020, the WHO declared COVID-19 a global pandemic, its first such designation since declaring H1N1 influenza a pandemic in 2009. [4] 
Illness caused by SARS-CoV-2 was termed COVID-19 by the WHO, the acronym derived from "coronavirus disease 2019." The name was chosen to avoid stigmatizing the virus's origins in terms of populations, geography, or animal associations. [5, 6] On February 11, 2020, the Coronavirus Study Group of the International Committee on Taxonomy of Viruses issued a statement announcing an official designation for the novel virus: severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). [7] 
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has estimated that SARS-CoV-2 entered the United States in late January or early February, establishing low-level community spread before being noticed. [8] Since that time, the United States has experienced widespread infections, with more than 130,000 deaths reported.
On April 3, 2020, the CDC issued a recommendation that the general public, even those without symptoms, should begin wearing face coverings in public settings where social-distancing measures are difficult to maintain in order to abate the spread of COVID-19. [9] 
The CDC had postulated that this situation could result in large numbers of patients requiring medical care concurrently, resulting in overloaded public health and healthcare systems and, potentially, elevated rates of hospitalizations and deaths. The CDC advised that nonpharmaceutical interventions (NPIs) will serve as the most important response strategy in attempting to delay viral spread and to reduce disease impact. [10] 
The feasibility and implications of strategies for suppression and mitigation have been rigorously analyzed and are being encouraged or enforced by many governments in order to slow or halt viral transmission. Population-wide social distancing of the entire population plus other interventions (eg, home self-isolation, school and business closures) was strongly advised. These policies may be required for long periods to avoid rebound viral transmission. [11] 
According to the CDC, individuals at high risk of infection include persons in areas with ongoing local transmission, healthcare workers caring for patients with COVID-19, close contacts of infected persons, and travelers returning from locations where local spread has been reported. [10] 
Person-to-person spread of SARS-CoV-2 has been reported in the United States. [12, 13] Individuals who believe they may have been exposed to SARS-CoV-2 should contact their healthcare provider.

The CDC has also provided recommendations for individuals who are at high risk of COVID-19–related complications, including older adults and persons who have serious underlying health conditions (eg, heart disease, diabetes, lung disease). Such individuals should consider the following precautions: [14] 
Stock up on supplies. 
Avoid close contact with sick people. 
Wash hands often. 
Stay home as much as possible in locations where COVID-19 is spreading. 
Develop a plan in case of illness. 
Healthcare personnel are also referred to Medscape’s Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Resource Center for the latest news, perspective, and resources.
Signs and symptoms
Presentations of COVID-19 have ranged from asymptomatic/mild symptoms to severe illness and mortality. Symptoms may develop 2 days to 2 weeks following exposure to the virus. [15] A pooled analysis of 181 confirmed cases of COVID-19 outside Wuhan, China, found the mean incubation period to be 5.1 days and that 97.5% of individuals who developed symptoms did so within 11.5 days of infection. [16] 

Wu and McGoogan reported that, among 72,314 COVID-19 cases reported to the Chinese Center for disease Control and Prevention (CCDC), 81% were mild (absent or mild pneumonia), 14% were severe (hypoxia, dyspnea, >50% lung involvement within 24-48 hours), 5% were critical (shock, respiratory failure, multiorgan dysfunction), and 2.3% were fatal. [17] 

The following symptoms may indicate COVID-19: [18] 
Fever or chills 
Cough 
Shortness of breath or difficulty breathing 
Fatigue 
Muscle or body aches 
Headache 
New loss of taste or smell 
Sore throat 
Congestion or runny nose 
Nausea or vomiting 
Diarrhea 

Other reported symptoms have included the following:
Sputum production 
Malaise 
Respiratory distress 

The most common serious manifestation of COVID-19 appears to be pneumonia.

A complete or partial loss of the sense of smell (anosmia) has been reported as a potential history finding in patients eventually diagnosed with COVID-19. [19] A phone survey of outpatients with mildly symptomatic COVID-19 found that 64.4% (130 of 202) reported any altered sense of smell or taste. [20] 

Symptoms in children with infection appear to be uncommon, although some children with severe COVID-19 have been reported. [17, 21, 22] 

See Clinical Presentation.

Diagnosis

COVID-19 should be considered a possibility in (1) patients with respiratory tract symptoms and newly onset fever or (2) in patients with severe lower respiratory tract symptoms with no clear cause. Suspicion is increased if such patients have been in an area with community transmission of SARS-CoV-2 or have been in close contact with an individual with confirmed or suspected COVID-19 in the preceding 14 days.

Microbiologic (PCR) testing is required for definitive diagnosis. At present, such testing is of limited availability.

Patients who do not require emergency care are encouraged to contact their healthcare provider over the phone. Patients with suspected COVID-19 who present to a healthcare facility should prompt infection-control measures. They should be evaluated in a private room with the door closed (an airborne infection isolation room is ideal) and asked to wear a surgical mask. All other standard contact and airborne precautions should be observed, and treating healthcare personnel should wear eye protection. [23] 

See Workup.

Management

The antiviral drug remdesivir gained emergency use authorization (EUA) from the FDA on May 1, 2020, based on preliminary data showing a faster time to recovery of hospitalized patients with severe disease. [24, 25, 26] Numerous other antiviral agents, immunotherapies, and vaccines continue to be investigated and developed as potential therapies. Further data on remdesivir suggest that it shortens the time to recovery in hospitalized adults. [27] 

In addition, infected patients should receive supportive care to help alleviate symptoms. Vital organ function should be supported in severe cases. [28] 

No vaccine is currently available for SARS-CoV-2. Avoidance is the principal method of deterrence.

Numerous collaborative efforts to discover and evaluate effectiveness of antivirals, immunotherapies, monoclonal antibodies, and vaccines have rapidly emerged. Guidelines and reviews of pharmacotherapy for COVID-19 have been published. [29, 30, 31, 32] 

For more information on investigational drugs and biologics being evaluated for COVID-19, see Treatment of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19): Investigational Drugs and Other Therapies.







                                           







                                        ........................................Thanks..................................

---
## [call-buddy/call-buddy](https://github.com/call-buddy/call-buddy)@[179c8f6689...](https://github.com/call-buddy/call-buddy/commit/179c8f66895661a305d666ba57f1393703ca475d)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 06:07:57 by dylngg

Depend on fixed Update() semantics in forked gocui

Basically gocui's Gui.Update() semantics made it so you couldn't
guarantee that a Update() preceeding another Update() would be exeucted
first which kinda sucks. This made our program occasionally crash
because we would change the manager in one Update() and then attempt to
change the view in another Update() which would crash since the Manager
hadn't yet been set!

@Jabbawookiez and me (@dylngg) literally spent a hour or so debugging
this problem before finding this out, it's not obvious for Go novices
like myself. So I forked gocui and fixed it.

The fix is explained here:
https://github.com/call-buddy/gocui/commit/f47c77447ba49144ffb95788a9bd40388e0ee67a

It was tricky to come up with that fix and get it implemented right.
It's definitely a contender for the most difficult program with a small
code size ratio. For reference, it was tested by building call-buddy
with the attempted fix and spamming ctrl-y at unreasonable rates-that
technique actually caught bugs in my implementation.

---
## [basshelal/HLS2VOD](https://github.com/basshelal/HLS2VOD)@[5261c34ea2...](https://github.com/basshelal/HLS2VOD/commit/5261c34ea2336e0e86ded198e2cc948ec69ba4f7)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 12:57:51 by Bassam Helal

Saving progress, I hate Electron, React and everything to do with this stupid JavaScript world, everything is hacked together and nothing works properly fuck this shit

---
## [pypa/distutils](https://github.com/pypa/distutils)@[34aee2c10a...](https://github.com/pypa/distutils/commit/34aee2c10a908b2add13a3f41d897008a1d69bb0)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 17:15:59 by Georg Brandl

#1370: Finish the merge r58749, log below, by resolving all conflicts in Doc/.

Merged revisions 58221-58741 via svnmerge from
svn+ssh://pythondev@svn.python.org/python/trunk

........
  r58221 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-20 10:57:59 -0700 (Thu, 20 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  Patch #1181: add os.environ.clear() method.
........
  r58225 | sean.reifschneider | 2007-09-20 23:33:28 -0700 (Thu, 20 Sep 2007) | 3 lines

  Issue1704287: "make install" fails unless you do "make" first.  Make
     oldsharedmods and sharedmods in "libinstall".
........
  r58232 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-09-22 13:18:03 -0700 (Sat, 22 Sep 2007) | 4 lines

  Patch # 188 by Philip Jenvey.
  Make tell() mark CRLF as a newline.
  With unit test.
........
  r58242 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 10:55:47 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix typo and double word.
........
  r58245 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 10:59:28 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1196: document default radix for int().
........
  r58247 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-24 11:08:24 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1177: accept 2xx responses for https too, not only http.
........
  r58249 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 16:45:51 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Remove stray odd character; grammar fix
........
  r58250 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 16:46:28 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Typo fix
........
  r58251 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-09-24 17:09:42 -0700 (Mon, 24 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Add various items
........
  r58268 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 22:34:45 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to flush and close logic to fix #1760556.
........
  r58269 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 22:38:51 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to basicConfig() to fix #1021.
........
  r58270 | georg.brandl | 2007-09-26 23:26:58 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 2 lines

  #1208: document match object's boolean value.
........
  r58271 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-26 23:56:13 -0700 (Wed, 26 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Minor date change.
........
  r58272 | vinay.sajip | 2007-09-27 00:35:10 -0700 (Thu, 27 Sep 2007) | 1 line

  Change to LogRecord.__init__() to fix #1206. Note that archaic use of type(x) == types.DictType is because of keeping 1.5.2 compatibility. While this is much less relevant these days, there probably needs to be a separate commit for removing all archaic constructs at the same time.
........
  r58288 | brett.cannon | 2007-09-30 12:45:10 -0700 (Sun, 30 Sep 2007) | 9 lines

  tuple.__repr__ did not consider a reference loop as it is not possible from
  Python code; but it is possible from C.  object.__str__ had the issue of not
  expecting a type to doing something within it's tp_str implementation that
  could trigger an infinite recursion, but it could in C code..  Both found
  thanks to BaseException and how it handles its repr.

  Closes issue #1686386.  Thanks to Thomas Herve for taking an initial stab at
  coming up with a solution.
........
  r58289 | brett.cannon | 2007-09-30 13:37:19 -0700 (Sun, 30 Sep 2007) | 3 lines

  Fix error introduced by r58288; if a tuple is length 0 return its repr and
  don't worry about any self-referring tuples.
........
  r58294 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-02 10:01:24 -0700 (Tue, 02 Oct 2007) | 11 lines


  Made the various is_* operations return booleans.  This was discussed
  with Cawlishaw by mail, and he basically confirmed that to these is_*
  operations, there's no need to return Decimal(0) and Decimal(1) if
  the language supports the False and True booleans.

  Also added a few tests for the these functions in extra.decTest, since
  they are mostly untested (apart from the doctests).

  Thanks Mark Dickinson
........
  r58295 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-02 11:21:18 -0700 (Tue, 02 Oct 2007) | 4 lines


  Added a class to store the digits of log(10), so that they can be made
  available when necessary without recomputing.  Thanks Mark Dickinson
........
  r58299 | mark.summerfield | 2007-10-03 01:53:21 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Added note in footnote about string comparisons about
  unicodedata.normalize().
........
  r58304 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-03 14:18:11 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  enumerate() is no longer bounded to using sequences shorter than LONG_MAX.  The possibility of overflow was sending some newsgroup posters into a tizzy.
........
  r58305 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-03 17:20:27 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  itertools.count() no longer limited to sys.maxint.
........
  r58306 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 18:49:54 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Assume that the user knows when he wants to end the line; don't insert
  something he didn't select or complete.
........
  r58307 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:07:50 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Remove unused theme that was causing a fault in p3k.
........
  r58308 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:09:17 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clean up EditorWindow close.
........
  r58309 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 19:53:07 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  textView cleanup. Patch 1718043 Tal Einat.

  M    idlelib/EditorWindow.py
  M    idlelib/aboutDialog.py
  M    idlelib/textView.py
  M    idlelib/NEWS.txt
........
  r58310 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-03 20:11:12 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  configDialog cleanup. Patch 1730217 Tal Einat.
........
  r58311 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-03 23:00:48 -0700 (Wed, 03 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Coverity #151: Remove deadcode.

  All this code already exists above starting at line 653.
........
  r58325 | fred.drake | 2007-10-04 19:46:12 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  wrap lines to <80 characters before fixing errors
........
  r58326 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-04 19:47:07 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  Add __asdict__() to NamedTuple and refine the docs.
  Add maxlen support to deque() and fixup docs.
  Partially fix __reduce__().  The None as a third arg was no longer supported.
  Still needs work on __reduce__() to handle recursive inputs.
........
  r58327 | fred.drake | 2007-10-04 19:48:32 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  move descriptions of ac_(in|out)_buffer_size to the right place
  http://bugs.python.org/issue1053
........
  r58329 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 20:39:17 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  dict could be NULL, so we need to XDECREF.
  Fix a compiler warning about passing a PyTypeObject* instead of PyObject*.
........
  r58330 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 20:41:19 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix Coverity #158: Check the correct variable.
........
  r58332 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 22:01:38 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  Fix Coverity #159.

  This code was broken if save() returned a negative number since i contained
  a boolean value and then we compared i < 0 which should never be true.

  Will backport (assuming it's necessary)
........
  r58334 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-04 22:29:17 -0700 (Thu, 04 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add a note about fixing some more warnings found by Coverity.
........
  r58338 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-05 12:07:31 -0700 (Fri, 05 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Restore BEGIN/END THREADS macros which were squashed in the previous checkin
........
  r58343 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 00:48:10 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Stab in the dark attempt to fix the test_bsddb3 failure on sparc and S-390
  ubuntu buildbots.
........
  r58344 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 00:51:59 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Allows BerkeleyDB 4.6.x >= 4.6.21 for the bsddb module.
........
  r58348 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-06 08:47:37 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Use the host the author likely meant in the first place.  pop.gmail.com is
  reliable.  gmail.org is someones personal domain.
........
  r58351 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-06 12:16:28 -0700 (Sat, 06 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Ensure that this test will pass even if another test left an unwritable TESTFN.
  Also use the safe unlink in test_support instead of rolling our own here.
........
  r58368 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 00:50:24 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  #1123: fix the docs for the str.split(None, sep) case.
  Also expand a few other methods' docs, which had more info in the deprecated string module docs.
........
  r58369 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 01:06:05 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Update docstring of sched, also remove an unused assignment.
........
  r58370 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 02:14:28 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Add comments to NamedTuple code.
  Let the field spec be either a string or a non-string sequence (suggested by Martin Blais with use cases).
  Improve the error message in the case of a SyntaxError (caused by a duplicate field name).
........
  r58371 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 02:56:29 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Missed a line in the docs
........
  r58372 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 03:11:51 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Better variable names
........
  r58376 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-08 07:12:47 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  #1199: docs for tp_as_{number,sequence,mapping}, by Amaury Forgeot d'Arc.
  No need to merge this to py3k!
........
  r58380 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 14:26:58 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Eliminate camelcase function name
........
  r58381 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-08 16:23:03 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Eliminate camelcase function name
........
  r58382 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-08 18:36:23 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Make the error messages more specific
........
  r58384 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-08 23:02:21 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 10 lines

  Splits Modules/_bsddb.c up into bsddb.h and _bsddb.c and adds a C API
  object available as bsddb.db.api.  This is based on the patch submitted
  by Duncan Grisby here:
    http://sourceforge.net/tracker/index.php?func=detail&aid=1551895&group_id=13900&atid=313900
  See this thread for additional info:
    http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=E1GAVDK-0002rk-Iw%40apasphere.com&forum_name=pybsddb-users

  It also cleans up the code a little by removing some ifdef/endifs for
  python prior to 2.1 and for unsupported Berkeley DB <= 3.2.
........
  r58385 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-08 23:50:43 -0700 (Mon, 08 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix a double free when positioning a database cursor to a non-existant
  string key (and probably a few other situations with string keys).
  This was reported with a patch as pybsddb sourceforge bug 1708868 by
  jjjhhhlll at gmail.
........
  r58386 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-09 00:19:11 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Use the highest cPickle protocol in bsddb.dbshelve.  This comes from
  sourceforge pybsddb patch 1551443 by w_barnes.
........
  r58394 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-09 11:26:02 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  remove another sleepycat reference
........
  r58396 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 12:31:30 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Allow interrupt only when executing user code in subprocess
  Patch 1225 Tal Einat modified from IDLE-Spoon.
........
  r58399 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-09 17:07:50 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Remove file-level typedefs that were inconsistently used throughout the file.
  Just move over to the public API names.

  Closes issue1238.
........
  r58401 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-09 17:26:46 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Accept Jim Jewett's api suggestion to use None instead of -1 to indicate unbounded deques.
........
  r58403 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 17:55:40 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Allow cursor color change w/o restart. Patch 1725576 Tal Einat.
........
  r58404 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-09 18:06:47 -0700 (Tue, 09 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  show paste if > 80 columns.  Patch 1659326 Tal Einat.
........
  r58415 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-11 12:51:32 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  On OS X, use os.uname() instead of gestalt.sysv(...) to get the
  operating system version.  This allows to use ctypes when Python
  was configured with --disable-toolbox-glue.
........
  r58419 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:01 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get rid of warning about not being able to create an existing directory.
........
  r58420 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:30 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get rid of warnings on a bunch of platforms by using a proper prototype.
........
  r58421 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:01:54 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Get rid of compiler warning about retval being used (returned) without
  being initialized.  (gcc warning and Coverity 202)
........
  r58422 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:03:23 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix Coverity 168:  Close the file before returning (exiting).
........
  r58423 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:04:18 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix Coverity 180:  Don't overallocate.  We don't need structs, but pointers.
  Also fix a memory leak.
........
  r58424 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:05:19 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix Coverity 185-186:  If the passed in FILE is NULL, uninitialized memory
  would be accessed.

  Will backport.
........
  r58425 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-11 20:52:34 -0700 (Thu, 11 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Get this module to compile with bsddb versions prior to 4.3
........
  r58430 | martin.v.loewis | 2007-10-12 01:56:52 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Bug #1216: Restore support for Visual Studio 2002.
  Will backport to 2.5.
........
  r58433 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-12 10:53:11 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix test of count.__repr__() to ignore the 'L' if the count is a long
........
  r58434 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-12 11:44:06 -0700 (Fri, 12 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fixes http://bugs.python.org/issue1233 - bsddb.dbshelve.DBShelf.append
  was useless due to inverted logic.  Also adds a test case for RECNO dbs
  to test_dbshelve.
........
  r58445 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-13 06:20:03 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix email example.
........
  r58450 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-13 16:02:05 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix an uncollectable reference leak in bsddb.db.DBShelf.append
........
  r58453 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-13 17:18:40 -0700 (Sat, 13 Oct 2007) | 8 lines

  Let the O/S supply a port if none of the default ports can be used.
  This should make the tests more robust at the expense of allowing
  tests to be sloppier by not requiring them to cleanup after themselves.
  (It will legitamitely help when running two test suites simultaneously
  or if another process is already using one of the predefined ports.)

  Also simplifies (slightLy) the exception handling elsewhere.
........
  r58459 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-14 11:30:21 -0700 (Sun, 14 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Don't raise a string exception, they don't work anymore.
........
  r58460 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-14 11:40:37 -0700 (Sun, 14 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Use unittest for assertions
........
  r58468 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-15 00:48:35 -0700 (Mon, 15 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  test_bigbits was not testing what it seemed to.
........
  r58471 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-15 08:54:11 -0700 (Mon, 15 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Change a PyErr_Print() into a PyErr_Clear(),
  per discussion in issue 1031213.
........
  r58500 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-16 12:18:30 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Improve error messages
........
  r58506 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-16 14:28:32 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  More docs, error messages, and tests
........
  r58507 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-16 15:58:03 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add items
........
  r58508 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-16 16:24:06 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Remove ``:const:`` notation on None in parameter list.  Since the markup is not
  rendered for parameters it just showed up as ``:const:`None` `` in the output.
........
  r58509 | brett.cannon | 2007-10-16 16:26:45 -0700 (Tue, 16 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Re-order some functions whose parameters differ between PyObject and const char
  * so that they are next to each other.
........
  r58522 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-17 11:46:37 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 5 lines

  Fix the overflow checking of list_repeat.
  Introduce overflow checking into list_inplace_repeat.

  Backport candidate, possibly.
........
  r58530 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-17 20:16:03 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 7 lines


  Issue #1580738.  When HTTPConnection reads the whole stream with read(),
  it closes itself.  When the stream is read in several calls to read(n),
  it should behave in the same way if HTTPConnection knows where the end
  of the stream is (through self.length).  Added a test case for this
  behaviour.
........
  r58531 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-17 20:44:48 -0700 (Wed, 17 Oct 2007) | 3 lines


  Issue 1289, just a typo.
........
  r58532 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 00:56:54 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  cleanup test_dbtables to use mkdtemp.  cleanup dbtables to pass txn as a
  keyword argument whenever possible to avoid bugs and confusion.  (dbtables.py
  line 447 self.db.get using txn as a non-keyword was an actual bug due to this)
........
  r58533 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 01:34:20 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix a weird bug in dbtables: if it chose a random rowid string that contained
  NULL bytes it would cause the database all sorts of problems in the future
  leading to very strange random failures and corrupt dbtables.bsdTableDb dbs.
........
  r58534 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 09:32:02 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  A cleaner fix than the one committed last night.  Generate random rowids that
  do not contain null bytes.
........
  r58537 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-18 10:17:57 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  mention bsddb fixes.
........
  r58538 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-18 14:13:06 -0700 (Thu, 18 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Remove useless warning
........
  r58539 | gregory.p.smith | 2007-10-19 00:31:20 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  squelch the warning that this test is supposed to trigger.
........
  r58542 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-19 05:32:39 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clarify wording for apply().
........
  r58544 | mark.summerfield | 2007-10-19 05:48:17 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Added a cross-ref to each other.
........
  r58545 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-19 10:38:49 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  #1284: "S" means "seen", not unread.
........
  r58548 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-19 11:11:41 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Fix ctypes on 32-bit systems when Python is configured --with-system-ffi.
  See also https://bugs.launchpad.net/bugs/72505.

  Ported from release25-maint branch.
........
  r58550 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-19 12:25:57 -0700 (Fri, 19 Oct 2007) | 8 lines


  The constructor from tuple was way too permissive: it allowed bad
  coefficient numbers, floats in the sign, and other details that
  generated directly the wrong number in the best case, or triggered
  misfunctionality in the alorithms.

  Test cases added for these issues. Thanks Mark Dickinson.
........
  r58559 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 06:22:53 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix code being interpreted as a target.
........
  r58561 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 06:36:24 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Document new "cmdoption" directive.
........
  r58562 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 08:21:22 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Make a path more Unix-standardy.
........
  r58564 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 10:51:39 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Document new directive "envvar".
........
  r58567 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:08:14 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  * Add new toplevel chapter, "Using Python." (how to install,
    configure and setup python on different platforms -- at least
    in theory.)
  * Move the Python on Mac docs in that chapter.
  * Add a new chapter about the command line invocation, by stargaming.
........
  r58568 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:33:20 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Change title, for now.
........
  r58569 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 11:39:25 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add entry to ACKS.
........
  r58570 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 12:05:45 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Clarify -E docs.
........
  r58571 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-20 12:08:36 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Even more clarification.
........
  r58572 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:25:37 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix protocol name
........
  r58573 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:35:18 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Various items
........
  r58574 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-20 12:39:35 -0700 (Sat, 20 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Use correct header line
........
  r58576 | armin.rigo | 2007-10-21 02:14:15 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Add a crasher for the long-standing issue with closing a file
  while another thread uses it.
........
  r58577 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:01:56 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Remove duplicate crasher.
........
  r58578 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:24:20 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Unify "byte code" to "bytecode". Also sprinkle :term: markup for it.
........
  r58579 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:32:54 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add markup to new function descriptions.
........
  r58580 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:45:46 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for descriptors.
........
  r58581 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:46:24 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Unify "file-descriptor" to "file descriptor".
........
  r58582 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 03:52:38 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term: for generators.
........
  r58583 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 05:10:28 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for iterator.
........
  r58584 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-21 05:15:05 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add :term:s for "new-style class".
........
  r58588 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-21 21:47:54 -0700 (Sun, 21 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add Chris Monson so he can edit PEPs.
........
  r58594 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-22 09:27:19 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  Issue #1307, patch by Derek Shockey.
  When "MAIL" is received without args, an exception happens instead of
  sending a 501 syntax error response.
........
  r58598 | travis.oliphant | 2007-10-22 19:40:56 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Add phuang patch from Issue 708374 which adds offset parameter to mmap module.
........
  r58601 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-22 22:44:27 -0700 (Mon, 22 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Bug #1313, fix typo (wrong variable name) in example.
........
  r58609 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-23 11:21:35 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Update Pygments version from externals.
........
  r58618 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-23 12:25:41 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Issue 1307 by Derek Shockey, fox the same bug for RCPT.
  Neal: please backport!
........
  r58620 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 13:37:41 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Shorter name for namedtuple()
........
  r58621 | andrew.kuchling | 2007-10-23 13:55:47 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Update name
........
  r58622 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 14:23:07 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fixup news entry
........
  r58623 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 18:28:33 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Optimize sum() for integer and float inputs.
........
  r58624 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-23 19:05:51 -0700 (Tue, 23 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fixup error return and add support for intermixed ints and floats/
........
  r58628 | vinay.sajip | 2007-10-24 03:47:06 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Bug #1321: Fixed logic error in TimedRotatingFileHandler.__init__()
........
  r58641 | facundo.batista | 2007-10-24 12:11:08 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 4 lines


  Issue 1290.  CharacterData.__repr__ was constructing a string
  in response that keeped having a non-ascii character.
........
  r58643 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-24 12:50:45 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Added unittest for calling a function with paramflags (backport from py3k branch).
........
  r58645 | matthias.klose | 2007-10-24 13:00:44 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  - Build using system ffi library on arm*-linux*.
........
  r58651 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-24 14:40:38 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Bug #1287: make os.environ.pop() work as expected.
........
  r58652 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-24 19:26:58 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Missing DECREFs
........
  r58653 | matthias.klose | 2007-10-24 23:37:24 -0700 (Wed, 24 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  - Build using system ffi library on arm*-linux*, pass --with-system-ffi to CONFIG_ARGS
........
  r58655 | thomas.heller | 2007-10-25 12:47:32 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  ffi_type_longdouble may be already #defined.
  See issue 1324.
........
  r58656 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-25 15:43:45 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Correct an ancient bug in an unused path by removing that path: register() is
  now idempotent.
........
  r58660 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-25 17:10:09 -0700 (Thu, 25 Oct 2007) | 4 lines

  1. Add comments to provide top-level documentation.
  2. Refactor to use more descriptive names.
  3. Enhance tests in main().
........
  r58675 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-26 11:30:41 -0700 (Fri, 26 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Fix new pop() method on os.environ on ignorecase-platforms.
........
  r58696 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-27 15:32:21 -0700 (Sat, 27 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Update URL for Pygments.  0.8.1 is no longer available
........
  r58697 | hyeshik.chang | 2007-10-28 04:19:02 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  - Add support for FreeBSD 8 which is recently forked from FreeBSD 7.
  - Regenerate IN module for most recent maintenance tree of FreeBSD 6 and 7.
........
  r58698 | hyeshik.chang | 2007-10-28 05:38:09 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Enable platform-specific tweaks for FreeBSD 8 (exactly same to FreeBSD 7's yet)
........
  r58700 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-28 12:03:59 -0700 (Sun, 28 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Add confirmation dialog before printing.  Patch 1717170 Tal Einat.
........
  r58706 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-29 13:52:45 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 3 lines

  Patch 1353 by Jacob Winther.
  Add mp4 mapping to mimetypes.py.
........
  r58709 | guido.van.rossum | 2007-10-29 15:15:05 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 6 lines

  Backport fixes for the code that decodes octal escapes (and for PyString
  also hex escapes) -- this was reaching beyond the end of the input string
  buffer, even though it is not supposed to be \0-terminated.
  This has no visible effect but is clearly the correct thing to do.
  (In 3.0 it had a visible effect after removing ob_sstate from PyString.)
........
  r58710 | kurt.kaiser | 2007-10-29 19:38:54 -0700 (Mon, 29 Oct 2007) | 7 lines

  check in Tal Einat's update to tabpage.py
  Patch 1612746

  M    configDialog.py
  M    NEWS.txt
  AM   tabbedpages.py
........
  r58715 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-30 10:51:18 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Use correct markup.
........
  r58716 | georg.brandl | 2007-10-30 10:57:12 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Make example about hiding None return values at the prompt clearer.
........
  r58728 | neal.norwitz | 2007-10-30 23:33:20 -0700 (Tue, 30 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Fix some compiler warnings for signed comparisons on Unix and Windows.
........
  r58731 | martin.v.loewis | 2007-10-31 10:19:33 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 2 lines

  Adding Christian Heimes.
........
  r58737 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-31 14:57:58 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Clarify the reasons why pickle is almost always better than marshal
........
  r58739 | raymond.hettinger | 2007-10-31 15:15:49 -0700 (Wed, 31 Oct 2007) | 1 line

  Sets are marshalable.
........

---
## [r202-coe-psu/agni](https://github.com/r202-coe-psu/agni)@[c53b42cecb...](https://github.com/r202-coe-psu/agni/commit/c53b42cecb507f0a5987ab077bc7190adcc845dd)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 17:33:10 by ssmnp

trying to rearrange algo into something simpler bc holy hell i do not
understand what is this shit that am i looking at, and it's too damn
slow

---
## [SeattleDSA/signal-scanner-bot](https://github.com/SeattleDSA/signal-scanner-bot)@[0865c49b64...](https://github.com/SeattleDSA/signal-scanner-bot/commit/0865c49b6443df25bcebc73087860e4411344f47)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 20:56:09 by Marcus Puckett

Bug/handle retweets (#40)

* First pass at retweet extraction

Doing a first pass at the retweet extraction functionality. Added some functions to simplify the code slightly as well.

messages.py:
_strip_twet_hashtags - added this function to clean up some of the code and allow us to simply call it within the other functions repeatably.
get_tweet_text - added this function to clean up the code somewhat, just stuck the "extended_tweet" logic in it so other stuff can be simplified.
format_retweet_text - added this function to pull out and format the tweets into a message to send to Signal. Only going one level deep, probably as deep as it will ever go honestly. I don't see a need to follow retweet holes and especially don't want to have to deal with potential issues like "how deep is too deep"

Updated the process_twitter_message tweet to make use of the new functions.

filters.py:
I think I need to just remove all but the _f_not_trusted_tweeter filter but not sure yet. Might need to include some other filters too. This part will require more testing.

Updated _f_retweeted function to search for the "quoted_status" key instead of the "retweeted" key. I think an older version of Tweepy used the "retweeted" key but looking for "quoted_status" should be sufficient now. Not that it matters since we don't want to filter retweets out anymore anyway.

* Clean up code

Summary:
Cleaning up the code a bit, removing some unnecessary functions and improving logic to be more concise.

filters.py:
Remove _f_retweeted and _f_retweet_text as we don't want to filter those tweets out anymore.

messages.py:
Add logic to format_retweet_text function to drop retweets with no text after hashtags are stripped. Looks like the stripping function already takes care of the whitespaces so no need to worry about that here.
Fix typo on line 133

* Handle empty messages

Added a case to handle the possibility of an empty message after stripping out hashtags from both the top level and sub level tweets.

* Improve Signal message formatting a bit

messages.py:
Add dedent to import
Use dedent to make stuff look better
I don't know if it's even possible but check if the message has contents before sending

* Formatting fixes

forgot to run flake8/black/mypy fixing issues there.

* Apply suggestions

filters.py:
Re-add _f_retweet_text function back in.

messages.py:
Add build_tweet_url to abstract that piece out
Add format_tweet_text to standardize single message formatting
Change retweet message formatting to be more explicit with what is and isn't part of the original tweet content.
Update message to make use of the new formatting function

---
## [Syarifibnu-19/CAF-X00T](https://github.com/Syarifibnu-19/CAF-X00T)@[93450ac7d8...](https://github.com/Syarifibnu-19/CAF-X00T/commit/93450ac7d8a8997aa703122b8c1ae0abaaa47fb5)
#### Sunday 2020-10-18 21:08:57 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Dede Dindin Qudsy <xtrymind@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Syarif Ibnu <syarifibnuzaelani57@gmail.com>

---

# [<](2020-10-17.md) 2020-10-18 [>](2020-10-19.md)

