# [<](2020-03-30.md) 2020-03-31 [>](2020-04-01.md)

3,013,749 events, 1,332,165 push events, 2,120,102 commit messages, 169,856,566 characters


## [torvalds/linux](https://github.com/torvalds/linux)@[7f26482a87...](https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/7f26482a872c36b2ee87ea95b9dcd96e3d5805df)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 00:25:25 by Peter Zijlstra

locking/percpu-rwsem: Remove the embedded rwsem

The filesystem freezer uses percpu-rwsem in a way that is effectively
write_non_owner() and achieves this with a few horrible hacks that
rely on the rwsem (!percpu) implementation.

When PREEMPT_RT replaces the rwsem implementation with a PI aware
variant this comes apart.

Remove the embedded rwsem and implement it using a waitqueue and an
atomic_t.

 - make readers_block an atomic, and use it, with the waitqueue
   for a blocking test-and-set write-side.

 - have the read-side wait for the 'lock' state to clear.

Have the waiters use FIFO queueing and mark them (reader/writer) with
a new WQ_FLAG. Use a custom wake_function to wake either a single
writer or all readers until a writer.

Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Reviewed-by: Davidlohr Bueso <dbueso@suse.de>
Acked-by: Will Deacon <will@kernel.org>
Acked-by: Waiman Long <longman@redhat.com>
Tested-by: Juri Lelli <juri.lelli@redhat.com>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200204092403.GB14879@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net

---
## [buildkite/docs](https://github.com/buildkite/docs)@[5137a308d6...](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/commit/5137a308d6cae52772a3a3d4c1d536acade00ed1)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 01:16:38 by James Healy

adjust CSP policies to report-only mode

Tim and I just spent some time pairing on the best way to get algolia
backported from bk/bk to this app.

We explored leaving CSP enforced, but that requires allowing
`unsafe_eval` in production and that's not ideal. It turns out CSP on
bk/bk is in report-only mode as well, and docsearch is violating it
(with a report) each time someone searches.

So for now, we've configured this appto behave the same way.

We'd love to start enforcing CSP on the docs app, but there's been
little movement on docsearch adapting to be more CSP friendly (see
https://github.com/algolia/docsearch/pull/773).

Algolia have an alternative JS library that is CSP friendly and we'd
love to use it.  Maybe that's our best path to enforcing CSP?

https://www.algolia.com/doc/guides/building-search-ui/what-is-instantsearch/js/

---
## [Slmnj/criterion_kernel_hammerhead](https://github.com/Slmnj/criterion_kernel_hammerhead)@[f3df6356e1...](https://github.com/Slmnj/criterion_kernel_hammerhead/commit/f3df6356e18029aa6eff053492c174a66a7f1df9)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 01:24:41 by Francisco Franco

msm: thermal: work faster with more thrust

Last commit was not enough, it mitigated most of the issues, but some users
were still having weird shits because temperature wasn't going down as fast
as it should. So now queue it every fucking 100ms in a dedicated high prio
workqueue. It's my last stance!

Signed-off-by: Francisco Franco <franciscofranco.1990@gmail.com>

---
## [adivyoseph/vipif](https://github.com/adivyoseph/vipif)@[7b8da4c7f0...](https://github.com/adivyoseph/vipif/commit/7b8da4c7f0777489f8690115b5fd7704ac0abb8f)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 02:59:04 by Christoph Lameter

vmstat: get rid of the ugly cpu_stat_off variable

The cpu_stat_off variable is unecessary since we can check if a
workqueue request is pending otherwise.  Removal of cpu_stat_off makes
it pretty easy for the vmstat shepherd to ensure that the proper things
happen.

Removing the state also removes all races related to it.  Should a
workqueue not be scheduled as needed for vmstat_update then the shepherd
will notice and schedule it as needed.  Should a workqueue be
unecessarily scheduled then the vmstat updater will disable it.

[akpm@linux-foundation.org: fix indentation, per Michal]
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/alpine.DEB.2.20.1605061306460.17934@east.gentwo.org
Signed-off-by: Christoph Lameter <cl@linux.com>
Cc: Tejun Heo <htejun@gmail.com>
Acked-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Cc: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [SentientCoffee/Primordial](https://github.com/SentientCoffee/Primordial)@[69aab553a9...](https://github.com/SentientCoffee/Primordial/commit/69aab553a99e4f7f5946cffdaf25c1b33aa6ede4)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 03:01:29 by Hamraj Rai

[Update] Shit Ton Of Level Data Fixes and Other Dumb Shit

yuh yuh yuh fuck we me you know i got it

---
## [fish2000/CLU](https://github.com/fish2000/CLU)@[835a4a598f...](https://github.com/fish2000/CLU/commit/835a4a598fc3ea541c95668a6891c400d320266c)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 03:15:52 by Alexander Böhn

All crucial subclass logic transplanted from “initialize_types(…)”
... so: “clu.importing.FinderBase” and “clu.importing.LoaderBase”
    have “__init_subclass__(…)” methods that take care of assigning
    e.g. loader class and instance references to subclasses that
    require them – which frankly this should have been where this
    stuff was done from day one, but ah oh well
... “clu.importing.LoaderBase” has a subclass cache (in “linkages”)
    and a per-subclass instance cache, modeled after the mechanism
    used by “clu.exporting.ExporterBase”; all those aforementioned
    “__init_subclass__(…)” methods lean on this new registry setup
    in some way;
... this assignment logic was also added/moved into ModuleBase’s
    existing “__init_subclass__(…)” method
... all the “dynamic subtype” interstitial class declarations in
    the “initialize_types(…)” and related/subordinate functions
    are just ‘pass’ statements
    • related logic in the “dynamic” subtype creation stuff one
      currently finds in “clu.application” was also axed
... all this shit was double-checked six ways from Sunday – all the
    tests run OK; a new inline diagnostic added to “clu.importing”
    dumps the contents of the new loader caches; etc etc ad nauseum
... oh yeah one more thing, “clu.abstract.AppName” searches the MRO
    for an appname if its subtype is initialized without specifying
    one (or if it’s None) in the same manner of fashion employed by
    “clu.importing.ModuleBase” in its “__init_subclass__(…)” method

---
## [adivyoseph/vipif](https://github.com/adivyoseph/vipif)@[81429eb8d9...](https://github.com/adivyoseph/vipif/commit/81429eb8d9ca40b0c65bb739d29fa856c5d5e958)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 03:45:52 by Linus Torvalds

Merge tag 'arm64-fixes' of git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/arm64/linux

Pull arm64 fix from Will Deacon:
 "Ensure PAN is re-enabled following user fault in uaccess routines.

  After I thought we were done for 5.4, we had a report this week of a
  nasty issue that has been shown to leak data between different user
  address spaces thanks to corruption of entries in the TLB. In
  hindsight, we should have spotted this in review when the PAN code was
  merged back in v4.3, but hindsight is 20/20 and I'm trying not to beat
  myself up too much about it despite being fairly miserable.

  Anyway, the fix is "obvious" but the actual failure is more more
  subtle, and is described in the commit message. I've included a fairly
  mechanical follow-up patch here as well, which moves this checking out
  into the C wrappers which is what we do for {get,put}_user() already
  and allows us to remove these bloody assembly macros entirely. The
  patches have passed kernelci [1] [2] [3] and CKI [4] tests over night,
  as well as some targetted testing [5] for this particular issue.

  The first patch is tagged for stable and should be applied to 4.14,
  4.19 and 5.3. I have separate backports for 4.4 and 4.9, which I'll
  send out once this has landed in your tree (although the original
  patch applies cleanly, it won't build for those two trees).

  Thanks to Pavel Tatashin for reporting this and Mark Rutland for
  helping to diagnose the issue and review/test the solution"

* tag 'arm64-fixes' of git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/arm64/linux:
  arm64: uaccess: Remove uaccess_*_not_uao asm macros
  arm64: uaccess: Ensure PAN is re-enabled after unhandled uaccess fault

---
## [adivyoseph/vipif](https://github.com/adivyoseph/vipif)@[c90012ac85...](https://github.com/adivyoseph/vipif/commit/c90012ac85c24547e5c3468ef00aabf44aa7332d)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 03:47:19 by Aleksa Sarai

lib: test_user_copy: style cleanup

While writing the tests for copy_struct_from_user(), I used a construct
that Linus doesn't appear to be too fond of:

On 2019-10-04, Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org> wrote:
> Hmm. That code is ugly, both before and after the fix.
>
> This just doesn't make sense for so many reasons:
>
>         if ((ret |= test(umem_src == NULL, "kmalloc failed")))
>
> where the insanity comes from
>
>  - why "|=" when you know that "ret" was zero before (and it had to
>    be, for the test to make sense)
>
>  - why do this as a single line anyway?
>
>  - don't do the stupid "double parenthesis" to hide a warning. Make it
>    use an actual comparison if you add a layer of parentheses.

So instead, use a bog-standard check that isn't nearly as ugly.

Fixes: 341115822f88 ("usercopy: Add parentheses around assignment in test_copy_struct_from_user")
Fixes: f5a1a536fa14 ("lib: introduce copy_struct_from_user() helper")
Signed-off-by: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>
Reviewed-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Reviewed-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>
Link: https://lore.kernel.org/r/20191005233028.18566-1-cyphar@cyphar.com
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>

---
## [joeheyming/mc-biome-viewer](https://github.com/joeheyming/mc-biome-viewer)@[76402edfc4...](https://github.com/joeheyming/mc-biome-viewer/commit/76402edfc4992a512529b624ab6b04a7aa9dfe46)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 03:56:09 by jheyming

Sort biome map; Edit keymap; mess with sizes.

Hey, I really like the repo.
I wanted to help make a contribution.

I was messing around with the size of the map and
was having trouble getting to centre.

It was drawing funny when I doubled the map size.
I tracked it down to
mc-biome-viewer-center-camera was not working
because it had a hard-coded 16, which I think
should be mc-biome-viewer-row-chunks-in-camera.

I tested it a few times and think it works.

I also was looking at the char map and noticed
it was not sorted, so I did M-x sort-lines on it.

I was trying to navigate using the pnfb keys and felt
that using up/down/left/right was more natural.

I updated the key map to use Ctrl up/down/left/right.

I hope this isn't too invasive :-/

I also noticed there were issues rendering certain
biomes was not exactly mono-space.  I get wonky sized
maps when I navigate around because of this.

---
## [UriHerrera/storage](https://github.com/UriHerrera/storage)@[139692e076...](https://github.com/UriHerrera/storage/commit/139692e0763ef7944a2d1138f09b6263e1faa4b2)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 10:35:01 by Uri Herrera

Update bup_0.29-3_amd64.modfied.deb

what a stupid fucking annoying reatrded package list. who the fuck packaged this shit. fucking seriously.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d0e3e6aba3...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d0e3e6aba35a47e1717a928f16aa92627a03a3e4)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 10:40:30 by Marko Grdinić

"10am. I am up. Today is review time. Let me chill a bit and then I will do it.

10:55am. Enough chilling, let me start.

Review:

---

For me, March was a continuation of February. I've been trying to figure out a way to do editor support for Spiral properly and have been doing thing related to that like getting familiar with webdev and studying other people's code and language plugins. I learned some [useful basics](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLillGF-RfqbYeckUaD1z6nviTp31GLTH8) and got familiar with various web languages. After all of that, my conclussion is that if you want to know how to do editor support for your own language then studying how other people have done it is a waste of time. Last week it occured to me that the reason the quality of the code I've been running into is so low is quite similar to the reason why the one time I did a GUI back in WPF back in 2016 turned into such a huge mess.

I've always had great respect for tools that had good UIs. It was in late 2015 that I made F# my main language because how lightweight it felt and how good its type inference was. Before that, I tried Scala for the FP Coursera course and never got the same ease from it. I actually took F#'s editor support for granted and ended up being greatly dissappointed when I tried Haskell.

Last year, I tried Pharo, but it was not quite what I was looking for. I received an epiphany when I discovered [Svelte](https://svelte.dev/). If I were asked at what is high quality code, I'd point at those examples. The form and the concision is perfect, and the realization that the possibility exists made me think of what exactly I was missing during my WPF days, my Pharo days and my current language plugin days. It lingered in the back of my mind as I read through the language projects, putting in great effort, but absorbing little in the process.

Back in 2015, after doing the intro to FP course in Scala, I did the reactive programming one. I wish I could say it inspired me. Even though it introduced me to async/await, [reactive extensions](http://introtorx.com/) and message passing concurrency, I did not attain any true understanding of the subject. Later, when the time came to apply those skills to UIs I never made use of what I have learned and code monkeyed it instead to disappointing results.

Though I've learned much since that time, I am still half baked as a programmer. There is no way around it - most programs that have real world value have a graphical aspect to them and inolve user interfaces. Or like editor support for languages, have an aspect of concurrency to them similar to UIs.

One way to get the required productivity is to study languages like Svelte, or pick up a framework, but that is not the answer. As nice as Svelte is - the general model of it is too restricted. You can't do editor support for a language in Svelte or some framework. It leans on the code monkey side of the value curve; knowing those things is not a fundamental programming skill like the understanding of combinator libraries is.

A programmer must by necessity make value judgements, and if he mistakenly rates fundamental skills as being of low import then he is going to find it very hard to get better. The substitutes for fundamental skills are always second rate.

The answer of what I need to do here is simple - master functional reactive programming.

Editor support for Spiral should not be a big deal once I level this up, so I'll forget about that for a while and study this properly. From here on out and without limit, this skill is one that I will be using everywhere. For the sake of grasping reality, I will change my programming.

---

12:35pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CFW45QqtXKE&list=PLB71qIrDRO8ifVSUz537dZFjYQ-jyIs5w&index=32
"Dr.Hayden : noooo you cant just
shoot a hole into the surface of mars

Doomslayer : haha big gun go boom"

Let me stop here so I can have breakfast. I'll get back to the book after that. As it turns out, I never had the chance to mention it in the review."

---
## [buildkite/docs](https://github.com/buildkite/docs)@[3af3406d52...](https://github.com/buildkite/docs/commit/3af3406d526ee0824bf359062f575798abbcc54e)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 12:39:16 by James Healy

backport algolia search support from buildkite.com

A few weeks ago, we added search to https://buildkite.com/docs, using
algolia [1].

We're in the process of extracting the docs content to be hosted as a
dedicated, self-contained rails app that's deployed to fargate. Before
that migration can be made live for users, we first need to backport the
new search functionality to this app so it'll remain available for
users.

Most of this is copied as-is from its original home, and it seems to
work.

I've opted to store the algolia config values in SSM for consistency.
On the one hand their public values that can be seen in the page source,
but on the other hand they're config and it feel weird to just store
them in a view. I'm happy to reconsider if anyone feels strongly.

I also had to hack the CSP settings so the algolia JS would load. I
haven't done much work with CSP so I assume I've opened a big security
hole and would love someone to take a look at it.

[1] https://www.algolia.com/

---
## [sqreen/go-agent](https://github.com/sqreen/go-agent)@[f05314a3ce...](https://github.com/sqreen/go-agent/commit/f05314a3ce506d8d880293b4b0f17f0b4ef2f749)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 13:23:09 by Julio Guerra

v0.9.0

This new major version says farewell to the `beta` and adds SQL-injection
run time protection thanks the first building blocks of [RASP][RASP-Wikipedia]
for the Go language! Thank you to everyone that helped us in this wonderful
and amazing journey ;-)

The Go agent has been protecting production servers for more than a year now and
we reached the point where we are confident enough about its deployment, setup,
but also its internals and specific integrations with the Go language and
runtime.

We are getting closer to the fully-featured agent v1.0 as we will now be able to
fully add support for every RASP protection Sqreen supports.

Breaking Changes:

Because we now want a stable public API, find below the breaking changes:

- The former separate agent package `github.com/sqreen/go-agent/agent` that was
  asked to import in order to start the agent is no longer required nor
  available. This is now performed by the middleware functions we
  provide in order to avoid the most common setup mistake during the
  beta where only the agent was setup and no middleware function was set to
  protect the requests (and therefore nothing was happening).

- SDK: the user identification SDK method `Identify()` has been updated to be
  simpler to use and less error-prone by now making it return a non-nil error
  when the request handler shouldn't continue any further serving the request.
  It happens when a user security response has matched the identified user.
  This replaces the former separate SDK method `MatchSecurityResponse()`.
  New usage example:
  ```go
  sqUser := sq.ForUser(sdk.EventUserIdentifiersMap{"uid": "unique user id"})
  if err := sqUser.Identify(); err != nil {
    return
  }
  ```

- The agent no longer starts if the program wasn't instrumented using the
  instrumentation tool. See docs.sqreen.com/go/installation for details
  on how to install and use the tool. Note that the program is not aborted -
  only the agent is disabled.

- Dropping gRPC support: the beta support for gRPC was experimental and was in
  the end too limited by Sqreen's focus on the HTTP protocol. Most of our
  protections are indeed designed for HTTP and couldn't be applied at the gRPC
  protocol level. We are therefore removing it until we can provide a correct
  experience for such HTTP-based protocol.
  Please contact us if you need any further information or if you are
  interested in helping us building it (support@sqreen.com).

New Features:

- SQL-injection RASP protection: when enabled on [Sqreen's dashboard](https://my.sqreen.com/application/goto/modules/rasp),
  the `database/sql` Go package gets automatically protected against SQL
  injections. SQL queries go through our SQL-injection detection which will
  abort the SQL function call and corresponding HTTP request when an attack
  is detected.
  Note that special care was taken to properly intergrate with Go error-handling
  principles: when a SQL query gets blocked, the HTTP request context is
  canceled and a non-nil error is returned by the `database/sql` function call
  in order to fall into the existing error-handling flow. For example:
  ```go
  // The following query can be injected. An error is returned when the SQL
  // query was blocked.
  rows, err := db.QueryContext(ctx, "select id, name from users where id=" + unsafe)
  if err != nil {
    return err
  }
  ```
  Read more about Go integration details at http://docs.sqreen.com/go/integration.

- Dashboard diagnostic messages: major setup issues are now also reported
  through Sqreen's dashboard page of [running hosts](https://my.sqreen.com/application/goto/settings/hosts)
  to get notified about some downgraded states of the agent, such as:
  - The Go program is not instrumented so the agent didn't start.
  - The In-App WAF wasn't compiled (eg. CGO disabled) so it is unavailable and
    disabled.
  - The program dependencies couldn't be retrieved because the program was not
    compiled as a Go module. This is also shown by the dashboard when the list
    of dependencies is empty.

---
## [mawrick26/SDM845_Q_10](https://github.com/mawrick26/SDM845_Q_10)@[52bf433546...](https://github.com/mawrick26/SDM845_Q_10/commit/52bf4335461fbfbec39f5fbeb2b53674dd455c3c)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 14:32:15 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Implement new approach to scale select_idle_cpu()

Hackbench recently suffered a bunch of pain, first by commit:

  4c77b18cf8b7 ("sched/fair: Make select_idle_cpu() more aggressive")

and then by commit:

  c743f0a5c50f ("sched/fair, cpumask: Export for_each_cpu_wrap()")

which fixed a bug in the initial for_each_cpu_wrap() implementation
that made select_idle_cpu() even more expensive. The bug was that it
would skip over CPUs when bits were consequtive in the bitmask.

This however gave me an idea to fix select_idle_cpu(); where the old
scheme was a cliff-edge throttle on idle scanning, this introduces a
more gradual approach. Instead of stopping to scan entirely, we limit
how many CPUs we scan.

Initial benchmarks show that it mostly recovers hackbench while not
hurting anything else, except Mason's schbench, but not as bad as the
old thing.

It also appears to recover the tbench high-end, which also suffered like
hackbench.

Change-Id: I68dffb73df8a71186b2980e8c47e1c44c193f7a1
Tested-by: Matt Fleming <matt@codeblueprint.co.uk>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Chris Mason <clm@fb.com>
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Mike Galbraith <efault@gmx.de>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: hpa@zytor.com
Cc: kitsunyan <kitsunyan@inbox.ru>
Cc: linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
Cc: lvenanci@redhat.com
Cc: riel@redhat.com
Cc: xiaolong.ye@intel.com
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20170517105350.hk5m4h4jb6dfr65a@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>

---
## [newstools/2020-naija-news-agency](https://github.com/newstools/2020-naija-news-agency)@[25edcb86c8...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-naija-news-agency/commit/25edcb86c805e65590f44ec700f7f34e5608983d)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 15:44:24 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [naijanewsagency.com/wizkid-is-my-brother-i-love-him-to-death-burna-boy-speaks-on-beef-with-the-singer/]

---
## [smith-chris/react-pixi-starter](https://github.com/smith-chris/react-pixi-starter)@[769a73df8c...](https://github.com/smith-chris/react-pixi-starter/commit/769a73df8cdcaf4e170a0c3e7ab15ddc444ddb2d)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 16:04:07 by smith-chris

Configured everything in 30 mins (fuck you parcel) but sth is wrong with the Engine.

---
## [vapor/fluent-postgres-driver](https://github.com/vapor/fluent-postgres-driver)@[f8460486c1...](https://github.com/vapor/fluent-postgres-driver/commit/f8460486c17d3971b0daf0717c80ff2aa41ef65a)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 16:50:24 by Gwynne Raskind

Add CI for macOS, test multiple Postgres versions, update base images (#145)

* Add macOS CI, use matrix to test many versions

Also update the `checkout` action and use the new `-ci` Vapor base images.

* Force Brew to symlink the new formula

Whoopsy - Brew refuses to link non-current versions of things by default, even if they don't conflict with anything.

* Just specify the full path to the executables

Why bother fighting with Homebrew over things, doesn't help.

* Helps to get the paths right

* Homebrew is an evil thing that makes life hard

Installing postgresql@12 is apparently guaranteed to fail because `libpq` gets in the way. I don't trust what removing it might do, and there's no way to tell Brew not to try linking on install, so just ignore failures of the install command. If it fails for real, the services command will fail anyway.

* Okay, I give up, just unlink libpq

* Apparently unlinking libpq doesn't work, just overwrite...

* Oh, and ignore errors ANYWAY because Brew is just awful

* Just throw the kitchen sink at it...

* Get rid of just a little repetition while getting rid of just a little repetition while fixing a typo or twenty

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[ea14cadeea...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/ea14cadeea756b9abe273a13ed22ad2aac6c4297)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 16:56:28 by Marko Grdinić

"1:15pm. Done with breakfast. Let me slack for a bit more and then I will resume the book.

1:55pm. Let me resume the book. Time to finish that chapter and then study the samples.

2:05pm. Actually, my leg is good enough to walk so let me do the chores.

2:45pm. I am back. Let me start.

3:10pm. 193/337. I am focusing, but I am having some trouble internalizing this. I am going to have to practice this in order to grasp it properly.

3:35pm. 198/337. Done with chapter 7. Let me study the examples before I move to the next one.

4pm. Got distracted for a bit. Let me go on. There wasn't much to study in the examples this time. Probably there won't be much in this chapter either.

4:45pm. 205/337. Holy shit, it is this time already. My focus is super low right now. This chapter is quite tedious too.

How much till the end? 14 pages. Ok, I will manage this today.

4:55pm. "Unlike enumerables, observables can emit asynchronous notifications, so the order in which the resultSelector is invoked is nondeterministic. This means that SelectMany will have to cache all the items from the source observable in order to pass them with each notification emitted by the observable they created. This is, of course, only until the observables have completed. Consequently, using SelectMany may affect the memory footprint of your application."

I had to read this several times. Does it mean that it has to cache the notifications from source until the target finishes?

Can't it do everything asynchronously?

But reading it literally, the book says that SelectMany caches everything? Why?

...Let me do some tests on my own.

```
Observable.interval(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(0.2))
|> Observable.take 5
|> Observable.bind (fun x ->
    Observable.interval(TimeSpan.FromSeconds(0.3))
    |> Observable.take 3
    |> Observable.map (fun y -> x,y)
    )
|> dump

Console.ReadKey()
```

This definitely is all async. It does not seem any kind of caching is required.

The book sometimes says strange things. Let me check out the documentation.

...The documentation raises exceptions. I can't access it.

Nevermind. I'll keep what the book says in mind and verify it later.

---

Using a selector function and overloads for the Average operator, you can specify
which operand to use for averaging. This allows you to select a subproperty of the
emitted object. Here’s the signature of the overload that accepts integers (int); the
same signature exists for the other primitive types as well:

```
IObservable<double> Average<TSource>(this IObservable<TSource> source,
Func<TSource, int> selector)
```

---

Wow, this makes no sense. He probably intended to write `IObservable<int>` as the return value.

5:35pm. My mind is definitely working slowly today. I finally realized what he meant by caching. Obviously the lambda itself is the one that needs to capture the inputs and it can't be freed until the body finishes.

...There is something I am confused at right now here.

```
            _subscription =
                 mouseDowns
                 .SelectMany(_ => {
                     var line = new Polyline() { Stroke = Brushes.Black, StrokeThickness = 3 };
                     canvas.Children.Add(line);
                     return
                         movements
                         .TakeUntil(mouseUp)
                         .Do(m => line.Points.Add(m.EventArgs.GetPosition(canvas)));
                 })
                 .Repeat()
```

Going back to this example here, did I really need Repeat here? Probably not. It is not like the mouseDowns will ever complete.

Yeah, I was right. The repeat can safely be removed.

5:55pm. 217/337. Using a mutable data structure like as in listing 8.2 is really not a good idea.

...Actually it is fine. I can't really think of anything better except adding a `SelectMany` around the `Aggregate`. The fact that `Aggregate` sucks up the responses until the operation is finished is crucial to its functioning. I can't think of a way to bypass this apart from creating a custom observable.

6pm. Let me move on. Only two pages left. Then I'll study the examples. After that I am done for the day.

6:05pm. 219/337. Chapter 9 is next. I'll stop the book here. Let me take a look at the examples.

6:15pm. Done studying the examples. `.ObserveOnDispatcher()` I get them all apart from this example.

6:20pm. I guess I'll do the next chapter for a bit too.

6:40pm. 226/337. So that is what switch is for. I admit, I can't figure it all on my own. It really is a lot easier when somebody gives you motivating examples for these things.

6:55pm. 229/337. I had enough. Let me stop here."

---
## [Xraydylan/CanniJS](https://github.com/Xraydylan/CanniJS)@[0f2b4aeeb6...](https://github.com/Xraydylan/CanniJS/commit/0f2b4aeeb624d27bba6776643bd5d74278c795f4)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 19:22:52 by Xraydylan

Bouns Activities

Bouns Activities

Side note:
I guess nobody will ever read those update notes...
Why am I still trying to write them? I wonder...
Well...
If you should read this message:
Congratulations!
You wasted a minute of your life reading this useless message.

Anyways aside from that I hope - whoever you are - that you are doing fine.
I am bored...
I don't know what else to write...
Maybe I should just stop writing?
*He continued for he doesn't know*
I should probably be doing something prodoctive now but I am feeling so lazy...
Eventually I will get a better idea than continuing this message.

Well,
fare well...

---
## [linted/allocation](https://github.com/linted/allocation)@[95f5ff3329...](https://github.com/linted/allocation/commit/95f5ff3329d3200ec6a7d079973d5fa9c7f49068)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 20:10:48 by linted

I hate myself for makingthis code, but I also love it

---
## [notevencoder/Behaviours](https://github.com/notevencoder/Behaviours)@[5505a1a082...](https://github.com/notevencoder/Behaviours/commit/5505a1a08212bdc96f653e15111dcac11e25ab41)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-31 23:44:55 by AsisT

Changed 1 line - its worked exactly i wanted!(Love my life)

---

# [<](2020-03-30.md) 2020-03-31 [>](2020-04-01.md)

