# [<](2020-07-13.md) 2020-07-14 [>](2020-07-15.md)

2,494,327 events, 1,260,037 push events, 2,004,508 commit messages, 146,356,453 characters


## [Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[9b54b80ab3...](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/9b54b80ab33db710755c7c9023c47a5768809859)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 06:31:54 by Sandwich Horror

first mob balance pass

- disabled mount health by default (just a pain in the ass for birbs and dragons and anything sturdier than a horse. you can look down with neat to see healthbar)

- removed vermin soul only invasion (dumb)

- more barakoans can dig

- finally removed annoying potions and enchants from Fish's Undead Rising [note: this may break something on startup]

- tweaked mob damage values to reflect placement after harvester

- removed long fall boots (cheaper, far easier horseshoe bauble)

- dragons and hydras are a bit rarer now

- (experimental) smarter dragon pathfinding

- jungle spider

- modified goblin weapons and their rates, should still be vastly reduced from live

- vespa and ptera can break weak blocks

- disabled the duplicate/useless magic horses, made so the rest can't suffocate

---
## [Muller-bit/Introduction-to-Cybersecurity](https://github.com/Muller-bit/Introduction-to-Cybersecurity)@[d575d3c748...](https://github.com/Muller-bit/Introduction-to-Cybersecurity/commit/d575d3c748f761889ed6e840cc9281217eb2114c)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 07:40:22 by Mulualem Daula

Create Your Data

Any information about you can be considered to be your data. This personal information can uniquely identify you as an individual. This data includes the pictures and messages that you exchange with your family and friends online. Other information, such as name, social security number, date and place of birth, or mother‘s maiden name, is known by you and used to identify you. Information such as medical, educational, financial, and employment information, can also be used to identify you online.

Medical Records

Every time you go to the doctor’s office, more information is added to your electronic health records (EHRs). The prescription from your family doctor becomes part of your EHR. Your EHR includes your physical health, mental health, and other personal information that may not be medically-related. For example, if you had counseling as a child when there were major changes in the family, this will be somewhere in your medical records. Besides your medical history and personal information, the EHR may also include information about your family.

Medical devices, such as fitness bands, use the cloud platform to enable wireless transfer, storage and display of clinical data like heart rates, blood pressures and blood sugars. These devices can generate an enormous amount of clinical data that could become part of your medical records.

Education Records

As you progress through your education, information about your grades and test scores, your attendance, courses taken, awards and degrees rewarded, and any disciplinary reports may be in your education record. This record may also include contact information, health and immunization records, and special education records including individualized education programs (IEPs).

Employment and Financial Records

Your financial record may include information about your income and expenditures. Tax records could include paycheck stubs, credit card statements, your credit rating and other banking information. Your employment information can include your past employment and your performance.

---
## [Munghard/DOOMZ](https://github.com/Munghard/DOOMZ)@[24b7957c42...](https://github.com/Munghard/DOOMZ/commit/24b7957c428ed2e24c40317e7a285beea2288d71)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 11:39:38 by Munghard

morning changes

Added running and walking animations to different gun types including fists.
Added recoil system to shooting.
Finished leaning mechanic.
Added BloodSplatter on walls behind target. (like gorez)
Added hit particle.
changed some particles.
Fire Barrel shit implement
Lighting Changes.
prolly more i dont remember.

---
## [JeanRenier/Remoting-a-microBIT-X](https://github.com/JeanRenier/Remoting-a-microBIT-X)@[1dec5594c5...](https://github.com/JeanRenier/Remoting-a-microBIT-X/commit/1dec5594c59de09dbd4cc1dec0a1aaaf2bb97dac)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 12:45:25 by ON4JRT

Create README.md

Introduction.
I became a licensed radio amateur when I retired some 10 years ago, my call is ON4JRT.  
Alas, moving to an apartment building a few years ago I lost the possibility to install a decent antenna.  Even if I had the permission to install an antenna on the roof, the QRM generated by the building itself and the surrounding town would probably have made a clean reception almost impossible.  
A friend, who lives in the country side and to whom I am eternally grateful, came to my rescue and allowed me to install a remote transceiver and a modest antenna in his garden.
There are several remote transceiver projects described on the internet.  Whilst they all are certainly more sophisticated and more performing than the rather simple system presented here, they are also much more demanding in resources (space, power, money, ...).  I wanted a small stand alone system that would be self sustaining (save for an internet connection), not too conspicuous and not too expensive.  
Hence this project, which eventually was successful after a few trials.  Its aim is to provide me with an remotely located transceiver for my own use, it is by no means a “public” transceiver available to other OM’s. 
Like all engineering endeavor it consist of a series of choices and compromises, so don’t shoot the pianist.  


The concept. 
The remote transceiver system consists of several parts:  A transceiver (obviously), a HF antenna, a battery, a small solar panel, a controller with a WiFi transceiver and a controller for the solar panel.  Except for the HF antenna and the solar panel everything is enclosed in a small plastic housing of about 5 liter in volume. 
The remote transceiver communicates (i.e. the bidirectional data flows for sound, CAT and control) over the internet with a home device.  This home device contains a simple user interface allowing some control over the remote device.  Sound input and output is also available on this home device, as is a CAT interface.  If I were a better PC/Posix software programmer I would probably gotten rid of the home device.  Having the home device as a physical thing eases however the development (at least for me) while not adding too much to the cost.  

The transceiver.
After some search, I came across the µBIT-X (“https://www.hfsignals.com/index.php/ubitx/”) sold as a semi assembled kit developed by Ashhar Farhan (VU2ESE), now in its 6th version (I got the previous version for this project).  It is a simple but rather well designed multi band HF QRP transceiver based on a double super architecture and bidirectional amplifiers (it uses almost all the building blocks for reception as well as for transmission).  It is well documented, has a large fan club and most of the suggested improvements are officially endorsed.
Coming out of the box, it needs to be calibrated and tuned (a bit).  Apart from the CAT baud rate I didn’t feel the need to modify anything.  Obviously I didn’t install the LCD or the rotary encoder (since nobody would look/touch at it), all control is performed via the CAT connection over the internet from the home device, and even then, very little of the CAT commands are really used.  

The µBIT-X controller, hardware.
Beginning with the power supply: a DC/DC controller reduces the battery voltage to 4V, from there three linear regulators make the necessary 3.3V digital, 3.3V analog and 1.8V respectively.
An ESP32-WROOM module is the core of the controller, this awesome microprocessor includes the WiFi transceiver, performs all relevant IP chores and runs all the application software.  
It then interfaces a WM8731 codec by a I2Sbus for the digital sound and a I2Cbus for its control.  This codec is a straight forward 16bit stereo ADC and DAC combination, it is programmed in this case for a sampling rate of 8kHz, yielding a sound bandwidth of 3400Hz, its dynamic range exceeds 90dB.  The analog sound input and output from the codec goes through a set of isolating 600 Ohm 1:1 audio transformers and trimpots to the µBIT-X sound stages.   
The first UART of the ESP32 is exclusively used for programming and debugging.  
The second UART interfaces the CAT of the µBIT-X including a PTT line.  This interface is isolated with a set of optocouplers, limiting the baud rate to 4800.  Note that the RD and TD lines of this interface actually bypass the USB-UART chip on the Arduino Nano board of the µBIT-X, luckily a series resistor was placed in the RD line of this Arduino Nano, hence no track cutting was nescessary.
The third UART interfaces the Solar Controller board, it is also fit with optocouplers.
At last the board is equipped with a PMOS switch capable of more than 2A to power the µBIT-X itself when required. 

An additional small board comprising a simple tandem match type VSWR bridge is mounted directly on the antenna input/output of the µBIT-X.  The detected forward and reflected signals are fed into the ADC inputs of the ESP32.  With the help of some math and calibration, it gives a rather good indication of the HF power and VSWR during transmit.  

The µBIT-X controller, software.
The software was build on the Arduino IDE (version 1.8.12) with the ESP32 plug in and libraries (version 1.0.4).  It took several months of writing and careful testing, having the home device nearby was a great help. 
The software was not especially designed to be universal or portable.  The several parameters like the IP addresses, URL’s, etc. are “hard coded” in the software, no attempt was made for now to store them in a file structure or other form of non volatile memory.  Hence there is no way to change them without recompiling the entire software. 
The software includes the interesting possibility of being updated “over the air”, i.e. via the WiFi as per the method recommended by Espressif.  This was tested but not yet used, an additional port forwarding on the remote router is needed tor this. 

The setup part of the software starts with the initialization of the several internal and external peripherals.  After that a WiFi connection with one of the friendly WiFi AP’s is established, that done the µBIT-X Controller will synchronizes with an NTP server, checking in at a DDNS server and send a short e-mail as a sign of live.  Once the setup is done two endless loops will take care of business until powered off.  
One of the loops is dedicated to the audio interface, seeing to it that the digital sound samples flow in and out the codec through the I2Sbus at a constant rate of 8kHz. 
The other loop will handle the incoming and outgoing UDP packets.  Outgoing packets are sent only when incoming UDP packets are present, i.e. only during a connection between the µBIT-X controller and the home device.  
The data in each packet is split into three separate flows, the biggest one being the sound, a smaller one for the CAT going directly to/from the µBIT-X and the last one for the housekeeping of the µBIT-X Controller itself and the Solar Controller.  
During a connection there is a UDP flow of 25 packets per second in each direction. Each packet has 660 bytes is build as follows:
- bytes 0...639 :    320 16bit sound samples, 8000 samples/s
- byte 640...641 :  packet count and control byte, including the PTT bit
- byte 642...646 :   CAT bytes, max 5 to/from the µBIT-X
- byte 647...659 :   CTL bytes, max 13 to/from the Solar Controller
The sound samples of the incoming packets are stored in a circular buffer of 1s.  Currently there is no provision made to cope with lost packets, if the circular buffer runs out, silence is send to the codec until its filled again for at least a quarter.  Packet loss has not been a problem so far, typically no more than one packet per thousand gets lost. 
Likewise, differential drift of the sample clock, the 8kHz sampling rates at send and receive sides are not exactly equal, is simply ignored, though I may change this in future.

A few words about the IP addressing.  In normal circumstances both the home device and µBIT-X Controller are connected to their respective WiFI AP’s that are typically part of a modem router devices provided by Internet Access operators.  The IP addresses of these devices are variable over time as the operators see fit.  Hence the use of a DDNS server, the free service “www.duckdns.org” was chosen here.  Both sides of the link are then known by their URL’s i.e. “remote_name.duckdns.org” and “home_name.duckdns.org” respectively.  
That is one problem solved, still the packets need to pass the modem routers and be directed to the devices.  This is done by setting a port forwarding for the appropriate port number in the modem router at both sides. 
Most modem routers have the tendency to assign a new IP address to the devices each time they connect.  In order to avoid that, fixed IP addresses are organized for each device, hence the port forwarding can be set once and for all.  The fixed IP addresses should carefully be chosen in order not to disturb the other IP stations on the local  area (i.e. choosing one outside of the DHCP range of the modem).  
A more elegant solution to avoid the fixed IP addresses and the port forwarding settings in the modem routers would be the use of the UPnP method.  There are good libraries for this method, e.g. “https://github.com/ofekp/TinyUPnP”, with which I played a bit.  It probably works but I was not able to test it due to some issues with my own modem router, so I stick with the port forwarding and fixed IP addresses for now. 

The solar panel controller.
The µBIT-X controller board (see further) takes about 38mA during normal operation (the µBIT-X itself being turned off), this was deemed too much to have it continuously running.  Hence a scheme was preferred where the remote transceiver would become available through the internet for a few hours everyday at some predetermined time, e.g. from 8 o’clock in the evening till midnight.  This scheme works for me, though it may not be the case for everybody.  
For this alarm clock/timer function a 24 hour real time clock was implemented in software.  The power on time, the power off time and also the current time are settable remotely once a connection with the home device has been made.    
Besides of the above function the solar controller board is also supervising the charge of the battery.  This function is kept extremely simple: when the battery voltage rises higher than 12.3V a PMOS switch is opened prohibiting the further charging of the battery from the solar panel.  Likewise, if the battery voltage falls below 9.3V an other PMOS switch will cut the load (i.e. the rest of the system) in order to protect the battery from deep discharge damage.  As the solar panel itself behaves very much like a current source and yields at most about 0.6A, no attempt is made to limit the charging current, it remains well below the maximum charging current of the Li-Ion battery. 
This little board was designed some four years ago, it is built around the ATtiny84 chip and is furthermore connected via a serial port to the µBIT-X controller for housekeeping, such as the above mentioned timings, the battery voltage and the temperature inside the box.  It takes a mere 3mA (continuously) from the battery. 

The battery. 
Nothing very much is to be said about the battery, it is just an assembly of 18 Li-Ion cells of the 18650 format, 6 in parallel and 3 in series, yielding a nominal voltage of 11.1V and a capacity of 13Ah.  
Nothing is foreseen to perform load balancing, as is typical for Li-Ion batteries.  After three “campaigns” in the field of 6 months each, no significant voltage drift was noted on the individual cell groups.  This may be due to the rather gentle use of this battery, it is used mostly when nearly full (close to 12V), charged with no more than 0.6A (limited by the solar panel) and discharged with no more than 1.5A (µBIT-X transmitting) and the latter only during short periods.  
There is some concern about the temperature range of the the Li-Ion batteries: 0...40°C, which can easily be overreached during cold winters and hot summers.  A thin Aluminum sheet is foreseen behind the south side of the housing to provide some shade for it. 

The housing.
A regular fridge/kitchen type PE box with a watertight lid of roughly 300*200*100mm (ca. 5 liter) was chosen as a housing for the entire remote system.  An unorthodox choice, but there were never any problems with rain or weather during the accumulated 18 plus months of outdoor live so far.  
The box is traversed by two cables, one for the HF antenna (RG 58 coax) and one for the solar panel (round flexible twin electricity cable), both foreseen with pressure glands. 
Two “feet” are furthermore foreseen to enable the box to stand upright with its 200mm side vertical.  
The rear part of the box is reserved for the battery, the front part for the WiFi antenna (a double biquad), the in between space is filled with the µBIT-X, the µBIT-X controller and the solar controller.  It was a bit of a shoe horn exercise, but nobody did complain... 
A few pouches of silica gel drying agent were inserted before the final closure of the lid. 

The solar panel.
The solar panel looks a bit like a picture frame, a slim Aluminum frame holds two sheets of glass between which 35 poly-crystalline photo voltaic cells are mounted in series.  Its dimension is 330*290mm.  It is rated 10W by the manufacturer, if exposed perpendicular to the sun during a clear day it would yield about 17.5V (open circuit) and 0.6A (short circuit).  It is installed in the garden more or less in an open space, near to the remote transceiver box, facing south and tilted at 45°. 
Theoretically, considering the statistics for my part of the world, it would yield 3.5Ah on an average summer day and 0.7Ah on an average winter day.  Plenty to play with, at least during summer.  

The antenna.
Discretion is the keyword here, a simple 20m band wire dipole was installed horizontally between the trees in the garden.  For practical reasons the resonant feed line design was chosen here, the height above the ground is about 3.5m.  Alas, too low to make it a good DX antenna, but then it was that or nothing. The antenna is entirily made of RG58 cable, a nylon rope runs along with it for improved strength.   
The antenna impedance was measured and a small fixed LC circuit was installed in the remote transceiver box as an antenna tuner of sorts to ensure that the VSWR remains below 1.5. 
It was noted that the VSWR varies from 1.2 to 1.5 depending the weather. 

The home device, hardware.
The hardware of the little home device is very similar as that of the µBIT-X Controller.  The sound is connected to the audio input/output of a PC with a 3.5mm audio jack.  The incoming sound is also diverted to a small (30mm) loudspeaker to monitor the received signal.  
Note that the sound levels are kept intentionally high (i.e. around 1Veff), this in order to maximize the S/N ratio. The sound input/output towards the PC must hence be set accordingly (maximum for the output and almost nil for the input).  
The second UART is led through a UART-USB chip and is used for the CAT.  The USB connection is also used for powering the home device.  Further peripherals are a small OLED display (128*64 pixels) connected to the I2Cbus (to monitor some vital parameters of the remote), a rotary encoder (to change the frequency), a potentiometer (speaker volume) and a toggle switch (to start/stop the connection with the remote).  

The home device, software.
The software of the little home device is also very similar to that of the µBIT-X Controller. No NTP synchronization or e-mail  sending, instead the OLED display is configured during setup.  
During looping, the sending of packets is controlled by the toggle switch. Control and CAT messages coming from the remote are parsed and put on the OLED display: current frequency and mode, HF power out, VSWR, received packet count (at both ends), RSSI of the WiFi link (at both ends), battery voltage and temperature inside the housing.  

A few words about the handling of the CAT messages.  By design the µBIT-X emulates (at least the meaningful part of) the CAT messages of the Yeasu FT817/FT857 transceiver.  This works well when the µBIT-X is connected directly to a PC, I could however not make it work when connected to through the chain of devices and the internet, most probably a question of delay.  
The following scheme was then implemented:  The home device emulates in itself the above transceivers, responding immediately to satisfy the application on the PC.  If something is changed (in practice the frequency or the mode) the corresponding message is send over the internet to the remote µBIT-X controller and to the µBIT-X itself.  Any response of the latter is returned over the internet to the user interface of the home device. 
This scheme works well with Fldigi, however not at all with WSJT-X for reasons I have yet to understand.  As for the PTT, three methods are simply used in parallel: the DTR method, the CAT method and the VOX method (implemented in software).  

Construction notes.
The PCB’s were designed with KiCad (version 5.1.6) in the form of a two layer board with generous ground planes. Most of the components are SMD though still solderable by hand.
The board assembled in one panel were manufactured by jlcpcb.com, they offer an excellent and fast service.  Care was taken to get all the boards within an area of 100*100mm, their more or less permanent prototype discount offer. 
Most of the components were purchased at “www.tme.eu” and “www.reichelt.com“.  The more exotic components (OLED display, audio transformers, ESP32-WROOM module, WM8731A, …) were purchased at “www.aliexpress.com”, the stuff is on the road for about 6 weeks, but the price is unbeatable.
In order to load the software into the ESP32 with the Arduino IDE, a small UART-USB module should be connected to the first UART (debug, only the RD, TD and GND lines), the boot strap should be shorted and the reset button should be pressed.  
The Solar Controlled was designed several years earlier, its software was made with AVR Studio 4.  Alas, there is no Arduino IDE support for the ATtiny84.  
Finally, the housing of the home device was 3D-printed (a little box of 100*50*30mm), it was designed with OpenScad. 


Performance of the system as a whole.
I am active only on the 20m band for now, the antenna being strictly monoband, and then mostly in the popular FT8 mode.  With the 6...7W of output power it seems that I suffer some 10...15dB disadvantage versus other stations (difference of their S/N report versus my S/N report). This is probably more an issue of the QRP nature of the µBIT-X than the fact it is connected via the internet. 
The additional time delay due to digitization and buffering of the sound does not seem to have a significant effect, it is about 0.7s.  
An other concern is the lack of cooling in the rather hermetic non metallic housing.  When busy for one hour atempting QSO’s in FT8, the temperature inside the housing will rise by typically 5°C.  Not too bad, but then it says little about the temperature of the power FET’s of the PA.  Initial tests however indicated that their rather small radiators didn’t became too hot even after several minutes of transmitting.  

Battery drain of the remote part: 
- Solar Controller:  			    3mA (continuous)
- µBIT-X Controller: 			  38mA (when awake)
- µBIT-X receiving: 			175mA (when connected with the home device)
- µBIT-X transmitting: 	         1125mA (when transmitting a single tone at 6W)

Further improvements and other considerations.
Since the µBiT-X is multi band, as a further evolution of this project, I intend to have a multi band antenna (at least adding the 40m band) and some form of switchable/variable antenna tuner.  
Some trick to capture the speed of rotation of the rotary encoder on the home device and to vary the frequency step accordingly would be useful.  Now each step is strictly 100Hz, which is rather inconvenient.  Making WSJT-X’s CAT work with the home device would also be nice.  
Currently there is no provision made as for internet security, i.o.w. anybody with the right format of UDP packets can access the remote device and use it (he/she has still to know the relevant URL of course).  Some scheme with an encrypted signature (e.g. HMAC style) inside each packet authenticating the home device would be an improvement. 
Though the current design is intended for the use with digimodes, it can easily be adapted for voice operations.  Adding a microphone amplifier and a PTT switch input would then be required.

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[ee2a87f489...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/ee2a87f4897bd7e2ae8306ff0810df84a6e20296)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 16:50:10 by petrero

32.2.Page Context "Service"{Loading currentCategoryId in the Correct Component; Replace currentCategoryId Computed with a Prop; Check it in the browser! }

Loading currentCategoryId in the Correct Component
I'm really happy that we've centralized this global variable into a shiny new module. But I want to do just a little bit of future proofing. In a real app, you may or may not choose to do this - but it'll be a good exercise and it will help us later.
Here we go: currentCategoryId is not something that will change while our app is running. Because, when we click on a different category, the page refreshes and the entire Vue app restarts. For the duration of our page view, currentCategoryId never changes!
This means that it isn't something that needs to live in data: we don't need anything to re-render when it changes. That's why it's totally legal to grab this value in sidebar.vue or anywhere else that needs it.
But I want to kind of future proof our app... and plan ahead for a future where currentCategoryId will change while my Vue app is running. If you pretend that currentCategoryId did need to be in data, what component would that data live in?
Remember: the answer to this question is always find the deepest component that needs the data. If I look in products.vue, we know that sidebar needs to know the currentCategoryId so that it can highlight that category. And catalog is also going to need to know the current category soon so that we can print the category title and filter the product list to show only those in that category.
This means that if currentCategoryId were data, it would need to live on the products components so that we could passed it down into sidebar and catalog as a prop.

Replace currentCategoryId Computed with a Prop
Now, I don't actually want to turn the currentCategoryId into data right now because... I don't need to. But I do want to structure my app with this in mind. To start, copy the computed property from sidebar.vue, and, in products.vue add it there.
Oh, and this is cool! When I pasted, check it out! It added the import for me automagically! It did mess up the code style, but you can fix that in PhpStorm if you want. That's better.
So, instead of having currentCategoryId as data, we will have it as a computed property... but inside the component where it would, in theory, need to live as data. That will make it super easy to change to data later if we need to.
Now, pass this to sidebar with :current-category-id="currentCategoryId".
And in sidebar.vue, instead of a computed property, we'll set this as a prop. Add currentCategoryId with type String - this is the IRI string - and also default: null.
The reason I'm using default null is that this will allow the prop to be a String or null, which is what it will be on the homepage. You can add more customized prop validation if you want... but this is good enough for me!
If you scroll down, our currentCategoryId computed property is angry! It says duplicate key currentCategoryId because we don't want to have this as a prop and also as a computed prop. Delete the computed property... and we can also delete the import to celebrate. Our code is happy!

Check it in the browser!
Moment of truth! When we move over... yes! It's still working. Yay for not breaking things!
If you're not sure why we did this, here's what's going on. By moving currentCategoryId up to products.vue and passing it as a prop to sidebar, it would now be very easy for us to change the currentCategoryId computed prop into data. In fact, if we did that, everything else would... well... magically not break!
Next, let's get to work on the catalog component. Let's pass currentCategoryId as a prop so we can filter the list of products to only those for that category.

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[81f0647d9d...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/81f0647d9d6623d640aff989e3662597bc4161cf)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 16:50:10 by petrero

36. Skipping AJAX: Sending JSON Straight to Vue{The "too much loading" Problem}

With both the categories and products loading dynamically, our app is starting to get really exciting! But there's a part of the user experience that I'm not happy about: there are a lot of things loading!

The "too much loading" Problem
When we get to a page, it's probably okay for some things to load. But right now, the page basically looks empty at first. The categories form part of the page layout... and it's a bit jarring when the sidebar is empty.
And... it could get worse! What if we wanted to include the current category name in the page title... or as the h1 on the page! In that case, both of those would be missing on load! And if we started to render info about the authenticated user in Vue - like a user menu, if we loaded that data via AJAX, then we would need to hide that menu at first and then show it.
The point is: too much loading can be a big problem.
What's the solution? Well, we're already making a request to the server each time we visit a category. When we do that, our server is already primed to make fast database queries. So, in theory, we should be able to fetch data - like for the categories or user information - during that page load and avoid the slow AJAX request.
In general, there are two solutions to this problem of "too much loading". The first is called server-side rendering where you render the Vue app on your server, get the HTML and deliver that on the initial page load.
That's a great solution. But it's also a bit complex because you need to install and execute Node on your server.

Passing the Categories from the Server to Vue
The second option, which is a lot simpler and almost as fast, is to pass the data from our server into Vue. Literally, in the controller, we're going to load all the categories, pass them into Twig and set them on a variable that we can read in JavaScript. That will make the data instantly available: no AJAX call needed!
Ok, let's do this! Remember: the controller for this page is src/Controller/ProductController.php. And actually, there are two controllers: index() - which is the homepage - and showCategory() for an individual category.
So if we're going to pass the categories to Vue, we'll need to pass it into the template for both pages.
Start in index(): autowire a service called CategoryRepository $categoryRepository. Now, add a second argument to Twig so that we can pass in a new variable called categories set to $categoryRepository->findAll().
That will query for all the categories.
Do the same thing down in showCategory(): add the CategoryRepository $categoryRepository argument, go steal the categories variable... and paste it here.
Woo! We now have a categories variable available in the Twig template.

Serializing to JSON in the Template
Open it up: templates/product/index.html.twig. We're already setting a window.currentCategoryId global variable to an IRI string. But this situation is more interesting: the categories variable is an array of Category objects. And what we really want to do is transform those into JSON.
Go to /api/categories.jsonld: that's a quick way to see what the API response for categories looks like. So if we're going to send categories data from the server instead of making an AJAX call, that data should, ideally, look exactly like this.
This means that, in our Symfony app, we somehow need to serialize these Category objects into the JSON-LD format.
Open the src/Twig/ directory to find a shiny class called SerializerExtension. I created this file, which adds a filter to Twig called jsonld. By using it, we can serialize anything into that format.
Awesome! Back in the template, add window.categories set to {{ categories|jsonld }}.
Let's go see what that look like! Find your browser, refresh and view the page source. Near the bottom... there it is! It's has the same JSON-LD format as the API! In the console, try to access it: window.categories. Yes! Here are the four categories with the normal @context, @id and @type.
Well, technically this is a little bit different than what the API returns. Go back to /api/categories.jsonld. In the true API response, the array is actually under a key called hydra:member. And if this were a long collection with pagination, the JSON would have extra keys with information about how to get the rest of the results.
The JSON we're printing is really just the stuff inside hydra:member. But most of the time, this is all you really need.
But if you did need all of the data, you could pass a 3rd argument to serialize() - an array - with a resource_class option set to whatever class you're serializing, like Category::class. That would give you more structure. If you need pagination info, that's also possible. Let us know in the comments if you need that.
But for us this data is going to be perfect, because all we need are the categories. Next, let's use this data in our Vue app to avoid the AJAX call! When we do, suddenly, our AJAX service function will change to be synchronous. But by leveraging a Promise directly, we can hide that fact from the rest of our code.

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[4cd124aaf6...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/4cd124aaf6264a26e7e67a86549e61df51a8864c)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 16:50:10 by petrero

31.1.Reading Server Data & :global Classes{Adding the .selected Style; SASS Globals}

We just set a global currentCategoryId variable in JavaScript. Let's use this in our Vue app to highlight which category we're currently viewing.
Open up sidebar.vue. How can we get the current category info here? The simplest way is... to reference the global variable! We will talk soon about ways to organize this, but since we created a global variable in Twig, we can absolutely use that here!
Well... we can't use it immediately in our Vue template. If we tried to use currentCategoryId to add a dynamic class, Vue would think that we were trying to reference this.currentCategoryId.
We have two options. First, we could add a currentCategoryId data and initialize it to window.currentCategoryId. That would be fine. But because I don't intend for this value to change while my Vue app is running - at least not yet - it doesn't really need to live as data, though it wouldn't hurt anything,
Instead, let's leverage a computed property... which is a great way to expose any extra variables you need in a template.
Below data, add computed and create a new computed property called currentCategoryId. Inside, return window.currentCategoryId.
It's just that simple!

Adding the .selected Style
Before we use this in the template, let's add a new class that we can use for the "selected" category. Inside the ul, create a new style called li a.selected. This is the class that we will need to dynamically add in the template. Inside, say background: $light-dash-component-border;.
This comes indirectly from the light-component mixin we're using - it's actually a variable set in colors.scss.
Ok! Let's use this selected class up in the template. Start with the "all products" item: this should have the selected class if the currentCategoryId is null. And it should always have the nav-link class.
To do that, change this to :class and set it to an object. Inside, add a key called nav-link set true so that it always shows up. For the dynamic class, add [$style.selected] - to reference our new selected class - and make that render if currentCategoryId === null.
Remember: the ugly square bracket syntax is needed so that JavaScript knows that our key is a dynamic expression. That's... unfortunate, but we're going to fix that in a minute anyways!
Now copy the :class attribute and, down inside the loop, paste over the existing class. In this case, we want to show the class if category['@id'] === currentCategoryId.
Testing time! Back on the browser... yes! It already works! I'm on the "Office Supplies" page and that category is highlighted! Let's click on "All Products" and... it works beautifully!
So even though we don't have access to the global variable directly in our template, it's very simple to create a computed property that grabs that for us and makes it available!

SASS Globals
There's one thing I want to improve before we talk about a better way to manage global variables.
It bothers me a little bit that I have to use .selected... especially because I'm forced to use the ugly [] syntax! If you look down at our CSS, we're already inside of a modular .component class. On the top of our template: yep! We're using $style.component on the root element.
In SASS, because I put the .selected class inside of .component, the style will only apply to elements that are inside the root element.
Move over to your browser and "inspect element" on the selected link. Not surprisingly, this has a modular selected class: sidebar_selected_ and then a dynamic hash. But check out how the CSS is generated for this: it's .sidebar_component_ a hash and then ul li.sidebar_selected_ and another hash! We don't actually need that second hash! The first .sidebar_component_ hash selector is already enough to make sure that our selected class doesn't affect anything else on the page.

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[81ee09f5e2...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/81ee09f5e2baea63a3471a47a335c5ea8c02f850)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 16:50:10 by petrero

32.1.Page Context "Service"{JavaScript Services; Creating the page-context service}

Setting a global variable in JavaScript and then reading it from inside our Vue app is, really, a nice way to communicate information from our server to our front-end app. But global variables are still global variables and we should try to at least isolate and organize them as much as possible. Because, for example, what if we changed our app to use the Vue router? Instead of full page refreshes where we set the currentCategoryId as a global variable in Twig, now that data would be returned in a different way: via an AJAX call.
The point is: the way we get currentCategoryId could change. And if we have window.currentCategoryId sprinkled around our code everywhere, it's... not ideal. No problem! Let's isolate our our global variable into a central spot. Enter JavaScript services!

JavaScript Services
I think you're really going to like this. Inside my js/ directory, create a new folder called services/. So far, everything we've worked on has been Vue components... but there's a lot more to our app. We have code for making AJAX calls - which we will eventually centralize - and we're also going to have generic logic that we want to reuse from multiple places.
In our app, the services/ directory is going to hold files that help us fetch data. So, it's a bit different than services in Symfony, which are any classes that do work. By services here, I mean API services... though you could also fetch data from local storage... or even by reading a global variable that we set in the template! Those are all sources of data.

Creating the page-context service
So inside services/, create a new file called page-context.js. I totally invented that name: the purpose of this file will be to help read data related to what "page" we're on - like the current category id.
Inside, instead of exporting a default, like we've been doing so far with Vue, we're going to export named functions. As we start adding more functions to this file, you'll see how we can use whichever one or two functions we need. Say export function, call it getCurrentCategoryId and, inside, very simply, return window.currentCategoryId!
Just like that! We have a central place to read our global variable! I'll celebrate by adding some JSDoc above this.

Thanks to this, if we get this information some other way in the future, we will only need to update code in this one spot. I love that!
Now, in sidebar.vue, we can use this like any normal JavaScript module. But I'm going to type this import a little backwards: import from '@/services/page-context'. I left the part after import blank, which is totally not valid JavaScript. But now, I can add {} and autocomplete the getCurrentCategoryId function
Nice! Down in the computed property, use this: return getCurrentCategoryId().
That is lovely! When we move over and refresh... it works!

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[afae37d3ec...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/afae37d3ec172a6e0eb5bb4398f2dbbdac400817)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 16:50:10 by petrero

30.Passing data From the Server to Vue

In our sidebar, we're looping over the categories and creating a link for each one to /category/ plus the category id. When we did this, I said that this would link to a future page that we would create. Well... guess what! If you click on office supplies, this... actually works! Well, sort of: the URL changed but... it looks like it just loaded the same page.
Let me show you what's going on: I've done a little bit of work behind the scenes. In src/Controller/ProductController.php, we have an app_homepage route that renders a product/index.html.twig template. This is the page that we've been using so far. Open templates/product/index.html.twig so we can see it. Nothing special here: we have our target div for the Vue app, and the script and link tags for our products Webpack entry.
Head back to the controller. Below this, we have another route called app_category. That's why this page works! I've already created a route and controller for /category/{id} that loads the same Twig template as our other page!

About Multiple Page Applications
So here's the idea: we're purposely not building a single page application. Part of the reason is that multi page applications are, in a lot of ways, trickier to work with in Vue than single page apps. And also, it's totally legal to have a traditional multi page application with Vue mixed in only where you need it.
In this app, we're going to have a homepage - which is basically the All Products category - where you can click on any category to go to a totally different page. That page will render the same Vue app, but only show products for that category. And in a future tutorial, we're also going to create a "product page" that will do the same thing: be a separate URL that's handled by the same Vue app.
So yes: our one Vue app will behave differently based on which page we're on.
To achieve that, when we're on a specific category page, our Vue code needs to do two special things.
One: we're probably going to want to highlight which category we're on in the sidebar so that the user knows that we're on the office supplies category and not in All Products, for example.
And two: we're going to need to filter the product list because, right now, no matter what category I click, I am always getting the same list of products. We need to somehow realize that we are on a category page and then use that information to make an API request for only products from that category.

Server Variables
How can we do that? I have no idea! I'm kidding! In some ways, it's a simple problem: the one piece of information that we need to know in our Vue code is what category ID we are currently on. Are we on no category ID? Meaning: show all products? Or are we on category ID 23?
To do that, we need to communicate this information from the server to Vue. There are multiple ways to do this, but my favorite approach is to set a global JavaScript variable in the template and then read that from inside of our Vue app.

Adding the Category @id to our Controller
Start by adding a second argument to the showCategory() action. Don't worry, we're not going to go too much into Symfony and I'll explain what I'm doing along the way. Add IriConverterInterface $iriConverter to get a service from API Platform.
Remember: when you click on the Catalog component in the Vue Dev tools and look at the products data, each item that we get back from our API - whether it's a product, category or something else - has an @id property. That is known as the IRI. I like to use this IRI string instead of the integer ID from the database because it's more useful: it's a real, functional URL!
So on the category page, instead of setting a JavaScript variable that says we're on category 23, I'm going to use the IRI of that category. This $iriConverter will help me get that.
Add a second argument to the template called currentCategoryId - in reality, this is the "current category IRI" - set to $iriConverter->getIriFromItem() and then pass the $category object.

Printing JavaScript Values Directly in our Template
Obviously, we're going to use currentCategoryId in the template. But when we do that, we need to be careful: there are two pages that render the same template... and the currentCategoryId variable will only be available on one of those pages, not both.
In index.html.twig, above where I'm rendering my products JavaScript, add a script tag and say {% if currentCategoryId is defined %} with {% else %} and {% endif %}. When the variable is defined, use it to set a global JavaScript variable: window.currentCategoryId =, a set of quotes, and then {{ currentCategoryId }}.
That's it! Oh, but in theory, if currentCategoryId contained a single quote, this would break. To be extra safe, pipe this to e('js').
That will escape the string so that it's always safe for JavaScript. In the else, if no current category is set, that means we're on the homepage. Let's say window.currentCategoryId = null;
The end result of this long journey is that when we refresh the page, view the source and scroll down to where the JavaScript is... yes! We have window.currentCategoryId = '/api/categories/23'. The back slashes are just escaping the forward slashes.
Next, let's use this global variable in our Vue code to highlight which category we're on in the sidebar.

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[15c805f82e...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/15c805f82edee655223be5696152b313e2b9e8b2)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 16:50:10 by petrero

35.1. AJAX Services{Adding a Service! ;Use it from sidebar.vue; Create the Products Service; Use the Service in catalog.vue}

Head over to sidebar.vue where we make the categories AJAX call. In Symfony, we often isolate complex logic - or logic that we need to reuse - into services. One of the most common places that we do that is for database queries: we almost always have a repository class that holds all the database queries for a specific table.
It's optional, but I'd like to do the same with my frontend code! I'd like to isolate all of my AJAX requests for a specific resource - like categories or products - into its own, reusable JavaScript module. Then, instead of having AJAX calls inside my components, all that logic will be centralized.

Adding a Service!
In Symfony, "Services" is kind of a generic word for any class that does work. But in this context, I'm using services to mean something slightly different. These services are API services... or, really, any code that loads data - whether that's via an AJAX call, local storage or reading global variables that we set in Twig.
Inside of js/services/, create a new file called categories-service.js. The -service on the end is totally redundant since we're in a services/ directory, but I like to have descriptive filenames.
The services/ directory already holds one other file called page-context. This has nothing to do with AJAX calls or APIs but it is something that returns data, which is why I put it here. Right now it reads a global variable, but if we decided later to load this via AJAX, it would still be a service.
In categories-service.js export a function called, how about, fetchCategories(). For the logic, copy the axios line from sidebar... and paste it here. PhpStorm helpfully imported axios for me... but I'll tweak the quotes. Back in the function, return axios.get().
This is a really, really simple AJAX call, but at least we're centralizing the URL so that we don't have it all over the place. Let's also be good programmers and add some documentation above this: it returns a Promise... which, actually, PhpStorm already knew without us saying anything.
But I won't add a description because the function name already describes this pretty well.

Use it from sidebar.vue
Ok: in sidebar.vue, let's use this! First, import the service: import {} from '@/services/categories-service'. Inside the curly braces, grab fetchCategories.
Now down in created, life gets much simpler: const response = - keep the await because we still want to wait for the function to finish - then fetchCategories().
I love this! And to clean up, since we're not using axios directly in this component, we can remove the import.

Create the Products Service
The other place where we're making an AJAX call is in catalog.vue to fetch the products. This one is a bit more complex because if we have a category, we need to pass a category query parameter.
Since this AJAX call is for a different API resource, inside the services/ directory, create a third file called products-service.js.
Start the same way: export function fetchProducts() with a categoryIri argument. I've been calling this categoryId so far, but in reality, this is the IRI, so I'll give it the proper name here.
For the logic, go back to catalog.vue, copy the params code... and paste it here. Let's also copy the response line, paste that here too and return axios.get().
Finally, for the params, it's not this.currentCategoryId but categoryIri. So if (categoryIri) then params.category = categoryIri.
And... I need to fix my import code to use single quotes on axios.
Before we use this, let's add some docs: the categoryIri will be a string or null and this will return a Promise.
That's looking great!

Use the Service in catalog.vue
Let's put it to use in catalog.vue. Like before, start by importing it: import {} from '@/services/product-service' and then bring in the fetchProducts function.
Now, down in created(), we don't need any of the params stuff anymore. And the response line can now just be response = await fetchProducts(this.currentCategoryId).
This is lovely: the created() function reads like a story: set the loading to true, call fetchProducts(), then set loading to false.
To finish the cleanup, remove the unused axios import.
Phew! We just made a lot of changes so... let's make sure we didn't break anything. Do a full page refresh to be sure and... yea! Everything loads. The products and sidebar work on every page and our code is better organized.

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[31cc3c1740...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/31cc3c1740242c4aad0ed8986cb00db15c6776d0)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 16:50:10 by petrero

34.3.Smarter Loading: AJAX status as State{Try...catch; Pass loading down to product-list}

Adding a "No Products" Message after Loading
Time to check things out! Yep! You can already see that the snacks page no longer has the loading spinner. And my other pages work just fine.
Well... except it would be even better with a "no products found" message! And now, we can easily add that.
After the <loading /> component, add an h5 with a v-show directive. This will hold that "no products found" message... which means that we want it to show if we are not loading but products.length === 0.
If that's our situation, print a helpful message. And... there it is! Our snacks page - except for the fact that there are no snacks - works great.

Adding Loading to the Sidebar
The products loading part is now works flawlessly. But there is one other spot that we're loading with AJAX that does not have any loading info: the categories sidebar!
We're actually going to fix this soon by making the categories load instantly. But since they are still loading via AJAX, let's add the loading component there as well. Open up sidebar.vue: this is the component that makes the AJAX request for the categories and renders them in its template.
To do this right, should we add another loading data like we just did in catalog? We totally could! And that's probably a great option. But... I'm going to cheat because I know that my app will never have zero categories. If that ever happened, it would probably mean I accidentally emptied my database. Yikes!
Instead, I am going to use the categories.length to figure out if we're loading. But to be extra organized, let's do this via a computed property called loading. Inside return this.categories.length === 0.
If there are no categories, then we are loading! The nice thing about using a computed property is that it will let us use a simple loading variable in the template. And later, if we did want to change this to data, that would be super easy.
Ok: to use this in the template, first import the loading component: import Loading from '@/components/loading'. Then add the components key with Loading inside.
Finally, up in the template, right after the h5, we'll say <loading with v-show="loading".
I love it!
And when we move over to the browser... I'm hoping to see the loading animation right before the categories load. That was super quick! But it was there. We have proper loading on both sides!
Next, I want to start organizing our AJAX calls: we currently make them from inside of sidebar.vue and catalog.vue. That's maybe ok, but I'd like to explore a better way to organize these.

---
## [Nek-12/ninja](https://github.com/Nek-12/ninja)@[6446030ae4...](https://github.com/Nek-12/ninja/commit/6446030ae48723ecd418a06193557d39fa56e3b5)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 18:53:21 by Nek-12

WIP, UNPLAYABLE: Fixed explosion resources, added AI, changed player to use AI, improved orbs: now are throwable and explode on collision, dealing damage. Fixed stuff in animations, added rotation (currently messed up), added more fields to enemies added a new enemy type: wizard which fires fireballs at his target, removed redundant files, changed player constructor, reorganized data, moved entities lists to be global (needs fixing), added the ability to fire stuff to player, added a bunch of hacks and bugs that will be pain to fix, added elaborate stunning and attacking mechanics. And memory leaks.

---
## [newstools/2020-sahara-reporters](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sahara-reporters)@[3a6c42a41b...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sahara-reporters/commit/3a6c42a41b3b79a9c265dbcd11f83a84ff4b2d0f)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 19:55:35 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [saharareporters.com/2020/07/14/living-faith-church-deaconess-who-brutalised-14-year-old-girl-hot-knife-genital-area]

---
## [jhunji17/DarknessGame](https://github.com/jhunji17/DarknessGame)@[2032943f4f...](https://github.com/jhunji17/DarknessGame/commit/2032943f4f5c281204c6041fb2d5db1f859128c7)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 20:38:27 by j3llyf1sh.boop

I HAVE ONLY ADDED THESE TO THE BLUE PLAYER I CAN DO RED EASY BUT RAN OUT OF TIME. Aight. I have added placeholder animations, when you run the blue player will flash black very quickly, and when you attack (currently L for blue player), you will flash more slowly. Idle is that you remain blue. In terms of the running aniation, the parameter is kinda shit ngl, the code is bad but cause we didn't do rb.velocity (mb) it's the only workaround I could think of. NEXT PART IS ALSO KEY - when you go into play mode/ scene mode thingy make sure that you click on the blue player, and then the blue player sprite. You'll see 'Attack point' is a child, thats ok, but hopefully by clicking the player you see a circle drawn, that is the attack box, you can change this by altering attack range variable and/or moving the attackpoint gameobject itself (thereby moving the center of attack). So yh, nothing that exciting, but a few key things you should know

---
## [BobJoga/Skyrat13](https://github.com/BobJoga/Skyrat13)@[ca3d6d15ed...](https://github.com/BobJoga/Skyrat13/commit/ca3d6d15edf9f52ff3bd27e535f78b40e48651e1)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 23:40:06 by Bob

Revert "i hate my life"

This reverts commit 51696e6759ea368f7c7c78815647d602b029e98d.

---
## [Alasdairbugs/supertux](https://github.com/Alasdairbugs/supertux)@[9c636e2e35...](https://github.com/Alasdairbugs/supertux/commit/9c636e2e3526f5d07e43a5ff015fc308538d1aa8)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-14 23:42:17 by Ocelot

Level Improvements

Level improvements to Bonus Island III. This is part of my project to make all Bonus Islands have possible perfect objectives.

- Big Tux can now get to the secret in "Cave Run" where previously he would hit his head.
- "You can't Climb Higher than the Clouds" fixed unrealistic level target time.
- Enemy fixes in "Another Cold Day" stopping enemies from killing themselves.
- Lantern position fixed in "Cold Cavern" as well as 1 bad enemy placement at the end.
- Fixed unrealistic Target times for "Crystal Sunset", " Crystal Fields", "The Dark Castle" and the other "The Dark Castle", "Deep, deeper...", "...deepest!", "Circles", "Entering the castle", "After the Glaciers", "Snowfall alert", "My Penny is over the ocean", "To rain or not to rain..." (both variants), and "Under the Ice".
- Fixed the snowball that killed itself via enemy cramming in "Out on the Crystal Fields"
- Sleeping spiky replaced with igel due to the spiky being woken up by spawning in anyway, and it just falls off and kills itself... Also removed a fireball which killed you within a second of spawning in the level "The Dark Castle" (Forest variant) which is just unfair.
- Added light fade in scripts to "The Dark Castle" (Antarctic variant) because the old scripts were sudden, and were very sore. Also fixed a visual inconsistency.
- Added a target time for "Circles" and also moved the Power-Up due to it blocking the way forcing the player to swap power-ups.
- "Don't Miss your ride" Adjusted the end to make it less annoying to get to the secret using the spring.
- "Going Down" Stopped enemies from killing themselves inside their chambers, also fixed the coins during the descent as some were extremely difficult to get all in one go (you need to collect all coins in one go to get the perfect coin objective).
- "Entering the castle" fixed a basic visual bug with the spikes underwater.
- Fixed the scripts in "Flower Bonus".
- "After the Glaciers" Fixed the rotation and position of sleeping spikys,  due to the jump over it being very tough and killing the spiky without taking damage having a small window of timing.
- Fixed the secret requiring a damage boost in "In the Spring".
- Fixed the awkward secret in "Some light in the darkness would be fine, Thanks!" (inconsistency with the green spikes, the top could be stood on but the sides were dangerous).
- Visual inconsistencies in "Snowfall alert" have been fixed with the spikes.
- Removed the spikes at the bottom of "Holes, a day on Ice" due to enemies dying off-screen and making a lot of noise throughout the entire level, making it very annoying and painful to play.
- Fixed impossible secret and soft-locking platforms in the second sector of "The Toilette zone". Also removed the secret that also acted as a shortcut due to it hindering perfect completion.. not making it impossible but just a lot more annoying.
- "My Penny is over the ocean" snowball enemy replaced with pink snow.
- Removed the zeekling, wisp, some coins, and reworking the platform node to be less obnoxious in "Red Alert! The forest is burning!" Also removed a couple springs in the secret to allow all coins to be easily collected instead of doing awkward duck jumps.
- Made the roof in "Sewer escape" just a bit higher since coyote time was removed, so the jumps from those ledges are very hard and very punishing.
- Made some changes to how you get on the secret elevator in "Three Frosty Icebergs" due to tux being crushed in rare occasions. Also edited a visual bug at the goal.
- Removed an impossible sleeping spiky in "Under the Ice". Also adjusted the ceiling height in the underground section to allow for a jump to be possible as Big Tux.

---

# [<](2020-07-13.md) 2020-07-14 [>](2020-07-15.md)

