# [<](2020-01-31.md) 2020-02-01 [>](2020-02-02.md)

1,453,122 events, 817,999 push events, 1,202,067 commit messages, 89,952,925 characters


## [katubug/SlowDescent@81348c600a...](https://github.com/katubug/SlowDescent/commit/81348c600a3f2bc5ac28ade762373bbf27197336)
##### 2020-02-01 01:01:48 by Katu

Changes before 1/31/20

=====Commit 18 [1/31/20]=====
Mod Changes -
+ Better Bread
+ Better Caves (Yung's)
+ FastFurnace
+ FastWorkbench
+ Rex's Additional Structures
- Cave Expansion because it was MCreator. Real shame.
- Cave Generator because it was just too laggy.
- Skeleton Tweaks because it made skellies too derpy.
# Temporarily disabled Hardcore Darkness
# FantasticLib 032 > 033
# Mutant Beasts 0.6.0 > 0.6.1

Configs -
- New configs generated for: Additional Structures, Better Bread, FastFurnace, FastWorkbench.
- Better With Mods
    - Disabled HCPiles so I could handle block drops with Dropt.
- Corpse Complex
    - Changed the chance of inventory items dropping to 30%, up from 20%.
    - Fizzy Drinks will always remain in inventory.
- Damage Source Configurator
    - The following mobs can survive in the lower level of the Misty World: All parasites, Ghost Zombies, Light Seekers, Wraiths, Stonelings, Dwellers, Watchers, Shades, Banshees, Dusk Lurkers, Lanterns, Grottol, Skeleton Horses, Skeletons, Endermen, Creepers, Ciuperca, Zombie Piranhas, Sludgelords, Lil Sludges, Mimics, Foglets, Eyes, Ancient Golems, Entrails, Climbers, Undead Babies.
- Dropt
    - Added BWM dirt piles to drop from dirt blocks.
    - Grass blocks now drop Clumps of Grass when dug by hand.
- Extra Alchemy
    - Added the following potion types to Potion Rings: Poison Resist, Climb, Iron Skin, Recoil, Step-Up, Resiliance, Resistance, Cold Resist, Heat Resist. May add more later.
- Foamfix
    - Changed checkNonUnloadedWorldTimeout from 60 to 90 because I got a crash that told me to do so.
- Food Funk
    - Chunking percentage changed from 60 > 100. REVIEW may change this.
    - Removed vanilla chests from the list of protective inventories.
- Hunger Overhaul
    - Disabled the changing of food stack sizes, as it was affecting smelting recipes.
    - Well-Fed effect duration decreased from 0.5 to 0.1.
    - Turned off the "low stats" GUI warning.
- LagGoggles
    - Values that are within normal modded parameters will no longer appear as red.
- Pyrotech
    - Disabled handling of grass and dirt blocks so I could override manually.
- Quark
    - Buffed dungeon spawn chance from 8 to 20.
    - Nerfed Lava Lake chance from 80 to 40.
    - Broken Nether Portals can now spawn in the Overworld.
    - Dungeons are now allowed to spawn in the Misty World and the Nether.
- Sanity
    - Salted Mystery Meat and Parasites now decrease sanity correctly.
- Spawner Control
    - Made a test spawner called "butts" because I am 34 and a Grown Adult.
    - Changed it so all custom spawners will appear in a creative tab.
- Special AI
    - Glowstone has been added to the "no griefing" list.
- SR Parasites
    - Flight height limits for all mobs have been set to 16, to match those of Undead Rising.
    - Creatures called as reinforcement can now despawn.
    - Reinforcement system sounds have been disabled (the gong noise).
- Zombie Awareness
    - The following creatures will now have enhanced AI: Foglets, Wendigo, Mutant Steve,
    - The following won't: Parasites.

Scripts -
- kiln_recipes
    - Removed Stone/Refractory Oven recipes for a few Drying Rack items.
    - Added in a Compacting Bin recipe for reconstituting Wither Bones.
- loot_tweaker
    - Removed all references to Cave Expansion.
    - Made some tweaks to Abandoned Mineshaft. It was a bit OP.
    - Added loot to the following tables: Igloo Chest, Stoneling Carry, Simple Dungeon, Stronghold Library, End City Treasure, Jungle Temple, Jungle Temple Dispenser, Village Blacksmith, Woodland Mansion.
- need_sorting
    - Removed a lot of unnecessary imports.
    - Changed oreDict for BWM and Pyrotech from listAllash to dustAsh.
    - Changed Potash recipe to use dustAsh instead of listAllash.
    - Removed test entry from Initial Inventory.
    - Wearable Backpacks are now made with tanned leather AND cut tanned leather.
    - Tested out a recipe for crafting Potion Rings. REVIEW
- oredict
    - Added ashWither to NEX and Quark ashes.
    - Added dustAsh to the following: Ember's Ash, OreCore's Ashe, Mystical Wildlife's Dusk Ash, and Pyrotech's Ash. FIXME Is that last one necessary?
- remove_hide
    - Removed recipe for Wither Bones to force the Compacting Bin one.
- rituals
    - Did a whole bunch of nonsense testing here. It needs to be completely redone.
- tooltips
    - Made some changes regarding temperature alteration tooltips. Needs redoing.
    - Added tooltip to Fizzy Drinks stating that they are not lost on death.

Lang -
- Fixed errors in names and descriptions of Unique Enchantment's items.

---
## [Huntears/ggj_2020@6b77de2b60...](https://github.com/Huntears/ggj_2020/commit/6b77de2b60ebf531a289105f3eed72fee228a43f)
##### 2020-02-01 03:21:19 by Alexandre Flion

Dear git, the last 3 hours of my life where the worst of what I could ever imagine. I happened to have been debugged the whole fricking physic system and doing some very fucked up shit like fucking the entire stack with collisions array ! It's taking a pretty damn long time to realize the shit I've done and how I've probably killed more of my braincells than Mao Zedong did with the chinese o-o

---
## [jkatz/postgres-operator@772ef350cb...](https://github.com/jkatz/postgres-operator/commit/772ef350cbfbc22f5f3d747ff4a3f1ef1cb47c71)
##### 2020-02-01 03:26:09 by Jonathan S. Katz

Add support for PostgreSQL tablespaces

Tablespaces can be used to spread out PostgreSQL workloads across
multiple volumes, which can be used for a variety of use cases:

- Partitioning larger data sets
- Putting data onto archival systems
- Utilizing hardware (or a storage class) for a particular database
object, e.g. an index

and more.

Tablespaces can be created via the `pgo create cluster` command using
the `--tablespaces` flag. The arguments to `--tablespaces` can be passed
in via a command-separated list; each argument consister of two values:

- The name of the tablespace
- The type of storage to use for the tablespace

For example:

  pgo create cluster hacluster --tablespaces=ts=nfsstorage

All tablespaces are mounted in the `/tablespaces` directory. The
PostgreSQL Operator manages the mount points and persistent volume
claims (PVCs) for the tablespaces, and ensures they are available
throughout all of the PostgreSQL lifecycle operations, including:

- Provisioning
- Backup & Restore
- High-Availability, Failover, Healing
- Clone

etc.

Two additional values were added to the pgcluster CRD:

- TablespaceMounts: a map of the name of the tablespace and its
associated storage.

Tablespaces are automatically created in the PostgreSQL cluster. You can
access them as soon as the cluster is initialized. For example, using
the tablespace created above, you could create a table on the tablespace
`ts` with the following SQL:

  CREATE TABLE (id int) TABLESPACE ts;

Presently, tablespaces can only be added to a PostgreSQL cluster when
it is initialized. Based on usage, future work will look to making this
more flexible. Dropping tablespaces can be tricky as no objects must
exist on a tablespace in order for PostgreSQL to drop it (i.e. there is
no DROP TABLESPACE .. CASCADE command).

Co-authored-by: Brian Faherty <anothergenericuser@gmail.com>
Issue: [ch6495]

---
## [Hopekz/Yogstation@41b11557be...](https://github.com/Hopekz/Yogstation/commit/41b11557be7e0f9016bb0be52ac94df621e0685e)
##### 2020-02-01 07:18:53 by Codeatmos

OH GOD OH FUCK THEY KNOW IM A GRAYTIDE SHITLER NO PLEASE I JUST WANTED THEM TO BE PRINTABLE AT CARGO OHG OD OH FU

---
## [PicsouCreatorDeveloper/-.codo@009a30eed6...](https://github.com/PicsouCreatorDeveloper/-.codo/commit/009a30eed6ea3c58c67cdc51b7fd18bb98395f5f)
##### 2020-02-01 11:24:36 by Hashing-b

Nested code

*.codo
Create your file without limit or condition of programming language. Code in nested coding mode, it is simple and it is the best method for creating an automatic mechanism device. Use special characters to nest your natural language code. It is very simple you only need to open the nest and loop it as follows [{("&lt;Code>")}] and or if you want to enter a word function mechanism do it as follows "Word([{(" Code ")}]), Here is a table of contents for special characters 

Symbol "Definition" 
: "Until"
; "With"
, "Result of the above"
& "And"
&& "And and And, but separate element"
@ "Currency"
! "Your exclamation"
!!! "Your continuous exclamation"
¡"Exclamation of the system and or of the operator" 
¡¡¡"Exclamation of the system and or the operator continuously"
$ "String" 
* "Means everything he meets" 
(_) "Wants everything that exists really and virtually" 
_ "Assemble words together mot_mot" 
( "Parenteze opening" 
) "Parentenze closure"
{ "Synthesis opening" 
} "Synthetic closure" 
[ "Opening title and or order"
] "Closing title and or order"
' "Request to read what's next"
"" "Between guilmet, equal the subject and or what is concerned"
,_ "Indicates an assembly and or an assembly, you can also use it to make a line change ex:" bla bla bla ,_ 
blah blah blah""
\n "Indicate to return to the beginning of the text or to return to the word which follows paste, ex \nAllo"
? "Use the query only at the end of a word to return to that word and or do the effect of Sub end Sub (Sub, Sub: A word that    meets its word is automatically a mechanism and closes in loop except nest text because without closing the loop)}], the      code will be pending "
{...} "means: pending" 
< "Means greater than, eg: <MOI> and or *<MOI>(_) "
> "Means greater than, eg: <STILL, ME> and or *<STILL, ME>(_)"
(*) "Means absolutely any code and or file and or anything saved on your hardware device"
^ "Means, title and or power" 
.end "Wants to format or erase, short Lord" 
/ "Wants a sequel and or what follows" 
\ "Means end and where it is the last element" 
{|} "You can use it to get an answer, ex: is that the user clicked {YES | NO}" 
{...} "The three points without the summaries magically means the conversion of one or more elements, ex" again without the          synthe "Hello{...}Bye", in short Hello becomes Bye """
~ "Wants OPERATOR and or title" 
M-A_R "Code to enter when you honestly want to get something" 
Codo "Code to enter to reinforce your code and make it respected asks you, in short no matter the other what is essential is 
      what you have entered and if someone else uses it to contradict you respect for the code of others prevails "
,,, "etc"      
  
  Please note that you have to be very careful when entering a single character and or a character sequence because it might mean something else in man's best friend THE DICTIONARY, in short ex: b = Bit and abc = Know the ABC of a job and or a profession ", For the rest you have carte blanche with the file extension [Codo] and or ^ Codo and or Codo who is our new great friend !! ! _! _ !!!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@2890cb36d4...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/2890cb36d4f881bd1b3116af616417d9ac79f98d)
##### 2020-02-01 11:36:43 by Marko Grdinić

"9:15am. I am up, and I've realized that I've messed up the renaming everywhere. The hash consing that I used to do was right, what I have now is just spew. Damn.

I need to go over it once more.

9:20am. For some reason the Internet is down.

```
let data_to_ty x =
    let m = Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
    let rec f x =
        let memoize f = memoize m f x
        let memoize_rec e ret f = memoize_rec m e ret f x
        match x with
        | TyPair(a,b) -> memoize (fun _ -> PairT(f a, f b))
        | TyKeyword(a,b) -> memoize (fun _ -> KeywordT(a, Array.map f b))
        | TyFunction(a,b,c,d,e,z) -> memoize_rec e (fun e' -> FunctionT(a,b,c,d,e',z)) f
        | TyRecord l -> memoize (fun _ -> RecordT(Map.map (fun _ -> f) l))
        | TyV(T(_,ty) as t) -> ty
        | TyLit x -> value_to_ty x
        | TyB -> BT
        | TyRV _ | TyRR _ -> failwith "Compiler error: TyRV and TyRR should not appear here."
    f x
```

Uf, I did not do this right.

```
| TyFunction(a,b,c,d,e,z) -> memoize_rec e (fun e' -> FunctionT(a,b,c,d,e',z)) f
```

Yeah, sure this will do the job, but it will also leave the equality everywhere else to diverge.

9:30am. Ah, for fuck's sake...

10am. Ok, I am almost done chilling. I have no choice at this point, I am going to have to redo the renaming functions.

10:10am. I need to think a bit how to do it though.

I do not think I should do global hash consing for this. Instead it should be local.

But that will just make things even more complicated.

10:30am. This is really beyond annoying.

Forget my plans, I need to rethink this from the ground up.

It just goes to show how difficult this really is.

Now that I have recursive functions, I am making mistakes all over the place.

11:10am. I am still thinking about it full tilt.

11:35am. Ok, I sort of got it.

The conversion of data_to_rdata will have two parts...first I will convert all the recursive functions to TyRRs. I am going to have to use the nested dictionary trick I use for cse whenever I do a recursive function.

The the second part is straightforward hash consing.

11:45am. There is just one thing that bothers me here.

I've just realized that the most effective way to do renaming is in the global order of appearance. But the way prepass orders the variables in the environment is by their appearance in the function body.

This is really a problem for join point specialization.

11:55am. Still what about the order in layout types?

12:05pm. Well, nevermind those. I do not require the same degree of precision in layout types as I do in regular stuff.

12:30pm. Programming can be quite stressful. I am still thinking about it.

```
| TyFunction(a,b,c,d,e,z) -> memoize_rec e (fun e' -> FunctionT(a,b,c,d,e',z)) f
```

Actually this is fine as `FunctionT` cannot appear in a variable.

Later I might have to redo it if I introduce recursive type functions, but I can leave that for much later.

12:35pm. I am going to leave optimizing the prepass for later. Right now, I am just going to do hash consing of data properly."

---
## [frumpymoons/Win10-Initial-Setup-Script@1006b2648d...](https://github.com/frumpymoons/Win10-Initial-Setup-Script/commit/1006b2648d87f349fb35aae549727814f699d3e2)
##### 2020-02-01 14:56:48 by r3incarnat0r

Add new sensor and service tweaks (beta)

DisableLocation:
GPO to disable location related features. Location settings become "managed by organization".

DisableBiometrics:
GPO to disable biometric features. For example Windows Hello settings become "managed by organization".

DisableAutoRotation:
Machine-level tweak to disable auto rotation feature. For example makes the Action Center Rotation button greyed out. Autorotation is nice for tablet  and mobile-oriented devices, but annoying if using regular laptops like EliteBook, as I personally experienced.

DisableMediaSharing:
GPO to prevent media sharing and streaming. Network and Sharing Center\Media streaming options will show a message that Media streaming is disabled by group policy etc.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@de2dc48197...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/de2dc481979d8e9f20abfc54f582d67b36d839b8)
##### 2020-02-01 15:06:32 by Marko Grdinić

"1:20pm. It is just me vs the recursive cycles here, and the recursive cycles are killing me.

1:25pm. I am confused. At this point I've gone so far into the rabbit hole that I've forgotten what the hell was I doing in the first place.

I wanted to figure out a way to hash cons the individual pieces, right? In order to make the join point comparisons faster?

I woke up all of a sudden realizing that cycles in `FunctionT` are a problem, except they aren't.

Ah, yes, ah yes...

I realized something horrible.

```
inl rec f a b c = ...
inl q = f a
inl w = f a
join q b c, w b c
```

What I realized in the morning is that my assumption that functions cannot be duplicates is broken.

I realized this about pairs, keywords and records earlier. But now it turns out that the case is that the same specialization trick will fail for functions as well.

So renaming is broken.

I need to do hash consing.

But the cycles, really, really get in the way here.

3:20pm. I am really being screwed here.

I can't find a way to code myself out of this mess.

I really might have to go to the v0.09 of doing recursion without necessarily having cycles directly in the environment.

3:25pm. The disadvantage of this is at runtime though.

I've sort of made it a principle not to sacrifice runtime in favor of the compile time, but these cycles are a big deal.

3:45pm. I am still thinking about it.

I've sort of decided - I am going to avoid having cycles in the environment.

They just have too many disadvantages during join point specialization that I have to do this.

Even if means having to do a naive scheme that has disadvantages at runtime, I have to do this.

3:50pm. Previously, I've sort of taken it for granted that it is not possible to do the environments indirectly.

But is that really true?

4:05pm. This thing has pretty much ruined my entire day. I should be starting work on the codegen, instead I am bashing my head against the wall here against this issue that should have been solved long ago.

Let me step away from the screen here. I am going to take a nap instead of just spinning my wheels here."

---
## [Redbully14/xcs-int@4bd6df795e...](https://github.com/Redbully14/xcs-int/commit/4bd6df795e96416324e1d1968a1e3c68d24e9470)
##### 2020-02-01 15:45:31 by Christopher

$_DEV: Added Flag patrol log button

Added a Flag Patrol log button and associated text-area, however, I cannot for the life of my get it to validate and encode correctly. I will take another look tomorrow, but it's being dumb and hurting my feelings ;(

I did add some front-end checking for required fields, also changed out the words "required" for a cool red start, and finally disabled auto fill because fuck that shit.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@00837bcc1c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/00837bcc1c7cf36903df182cc26a30e97df0a1fd)
##### 2020-02-01 17:22:33 by Marko Grdinić

"5:20pm. I am back. I still cannot decide.

Do I go with what I have now and overload the equality and hashing by hand, or do I go the easy route and substitute recursive invocation in the prepass?

Decisions, decisions...

I am honestly leaning towards the later. It would be different if mutually recursive functions were a frequent occurrence, but considering that the flaws of the non-cyclic approach can easily be dealt with by simply passing all the free vars as arguments explicitly, then maybe I should really just go with whatever is easier to implement.

5:25pm. Now I've spent a whole day just thinking about this, and tomorrow I am going to spend a day redesigning the prepass, but it is fine.

I knew that the journey to Spiral v0.2 is going to be full of hardship.

This is quite in line with what I went through in to get to v0.09.

Is the PL thread up yet? Yeah, it is. Let me post the review.

"Last month was unusual for me as for the first time in the last 5 years I decided to do some vacationing. Back in December I was so disgusted at math that I decided to start work on [Spiral v0.2](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/tree/v0.2), but that was more of an reaction than a planned move forward. For the first time, I was completely aimless and unsure how to make progress on my various goals.

I was really rough towards classical logic and its offspring like set theory, but in review, even if finitists had won the math foundation war of the early 20th century would I really have what I wanted right now? I was mad enough to blame all my ills on infinitists, but...the reality of the situation is that regardless of mathematical talent or aptitude nobody could have anticipated the progress in deep learning in the last decade. There are very many smart people who can write proofs about this or that thing, but the reality is that even for some very simple ML algorithms, nobody can really say that they understand them.

Last year, I just jumped to a conclusion that I need more math skill - because what else could I do at that point? It was the only thing left, so obviously learning type theory and how to hack Coq and Agda has to be the answer, right?

But now that this effort has been done, one thing I can really appreciate is just how little far logical thinking can get one. Logic is weak. And proofs aren't really understanding. The reality is that you need understanding to do a proof, but if you do not have understanding then type theory will not help you get it. And if you understand something, then the harsh reality is that you do not need to do a proof.

In this quest for AI, I can't trust myself and I can't trust others. That leaves only [nature](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/ev5p1m/d_spiking_neural_networks_a_primer_with_dr/) left.

Back in 2016 when I was working on my ML library in F# back which would eventually lead to Spiral, Theano was still a thing, Tensorflow had just come out and was Linux only, and neuromorphic chips were far off future that I did not need to think about. What used to be fiction in the past is getting closer to being reality by the day. And right now is the time when I should seriously start thinking about making the neuromorphic backend for Spiral.

My theorem proving adventure of 2019 was from the start spurned by wanting to look into how differentiability and floats interface with each other. Things like stability problems in RL and GAN training, and long term credit assignment issues cannot be solved from within the current framework of deep learning. I always had the opinion that it should be possible to add more structure that would reveal what learning is in starker contrast, but this basic research question is something I have no idea how to do.

And admittedly, back when I was forming those views it completely slipped my mind to consider the fact that actual brains use spikes for communication. So rather than elaborating the floats, the way to go forward might be to get rid of differentiability altogether. Sometimes putting restrictions on action grants freedom of thought. Haskell as a language is rather inspiring in this regard - it being pure is a large restriction that spurned a lot of innovation in programming technique. Spiking NNs should have the same effect on ML research.

To me the question is less about the spikes, and more about getting out of the dead end that is deep learning. Once learning without differentiability is understood, that will feedback into doing ML properly on regular architectures that use floats for communication between layers.

Looking back at the last 5 years, my stated goal was always to make a poker agent. But I am glad I took the long way around and tempered my enthusiasm with skepticism even if it was misdirected. And even though it was a huge drain on time, I did have fun discovering new programming techniques and getting better as I worked on Spiral. Pretty much everything I know about ML is of low value, but the actual programming that I've learned is definitely something that I hold in high regard. It would just be too bad to stop here before I've managed to share any of my insights about programming with the world.

I need to try again. I have too much experience to leave this work unfinished.

This time I can do Spiral properly. Neuromorphic chips are the proper target for the auxiliary backend. Spiking NNs are the proper substrate for lifelike agents.

Once the pieces are in place, I will be able to do what I really wanted which is practical ML in the real world as opposed to this meme thing that exists right now.

I feel shame very strongly over this state of affairs.

I've lost, but it is not to other programmers or mathematicians. Rather if I have lost to somebody, it would be nature. I have such strong beliefs and conviction and yet despite the huge advantages that being able to program the hardware directly provides compared to what nature has access to I am not able to convert that potential into actual power. But that does not change that the potential is still there waiting to be tapped.

If I am to be mad or to hate the lack of progress, the place I should direct that effort is definitely nature. It is there that this sort of dedication will have merit."

Fixed a bunch of typos. Here is my masterpiece of a review.

Now, before I call it a day, let me fix one bug that slipped my mind. I realized it during the night and then forgot in the midst of the cycle agony.

```
    | LitTest(a,b,on_succ,on_fail) ->
        let b = v b
        if value_to_ty a = data_to_ty b then if_ (eq d (TyLit a) b) on_succ on_fail
        else ev d on_fail
```

I forgot that the whole reason I put in `LitTest` is so I do not have to check for type equality in the typechecker later.

```
let lit_to_ty x = lit_to_primitive_type x |> PrimT
```

Also renamed `value_to_ty` to this.

5:45pm. Wonderful. Now let me take a look at the prepass. I need to refresh my memory and decide how exactly am I going to do this.

5:55pm.

```
        | RawRecBlock (a,on_succ) ->
            let env = Array.fold (fun env (a,_) -> value_add_local a env) env a
            RecBlock(Array.map (snd >> prepass_value env) a, prepass_value env on_succ)
```

As it turns out the prepass is quite simple, but I am looking at this and thinking...just how much of a pain in the ass would it be to adjust this?

A perfectly sensible idea comes to my mind - get rid of non-global `RecBlock`s.

6pm. That's...pretty extreme, if I do say so myself. But suppose Spiral gets popular at some point - I do not want to waste time explaining why there are unused variables in join points should I go with the idea I am considering now, or the bugs and the resultant slowness from allowing cycles in the pevaller.

6:05pm. The reason why I went through trouble in the previous versions is because I was extreme in wanting to make the language as expressive as possible even if that expressiveness was unneeded.

There is definitely a benefit from having the implementation be simple.

Perfecting the language can wait for when I have >300 IQ.

Now...

6:10pm.

```
        | RawRecBlock (a,on_succ) -> failwith "Compiler error: Recursive functions and blocks are only allowed at the top level."
```

This is what I am going to go with.

I'll call it a day here.

I am going to hack the parser so that recursive functions are disallowed tomorrow. It should not be hard.

While I am at it, let me also allow values.

It should not be too much to write...

```
inl x = 1i32
```

...at the top level.

...No, then I'll be tempted to allow various other things. Forget that for now.

I can always extend the limitations of the language later.

6:15pm. Simplicity is an untapped virtue.

6:20pm. Is it that bad of me that as soon as I wrote that I realized that even if I can't have local recursive functions, that I can implement them using the Y combinator? Kidding.

Let me go have lunch."

---
## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13@a70d893580...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13/commit/a70d8935802b6e18585c3266e968cc8717607ea5)
##### 2020-02-01 17:54:21 by Feasel

[Balance Patch - Tend Wounds Edition]

Seriously why the fuck is this doing such little healing and taking so much time to do?

Like, it's literally useless with our synthflesh+silver sulf... meta

Fuckin hell, even bicardine/kelotane heals faster than this shit.

Not anymore.

Today, I'm dramatically improving the healing and giving a decent time reduction to doing this surgery.

I still see the code where it's less efficient on dead bodies, but ehh... price for being dead and this might be stupid good as is.

--------

PATCH NOTES

- Doubled healing on all Tend Wounds

- Roughly around 40% reduction to time needed to do the step that actually heals.

---
## [turanct/consumed-in@e31c7ee953...](https://github.com/turanct/consumed-in/commit/e31c7ee953588e1a75234d33f84e4e4269dc7997)
##### 2020-02-01 19:30:41 by turanct

Watched a great talk by Anita Sengupta about Mars exploration

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgqM850xtwU

Saw this talk in real life at the conference as well, but it's definitely worth checking out again! Very inspirational talk! Love the story from sci-fi over science to engineering
👩‍🚀 🚀 ✨

Also lots en lots of knowledge about Mars, landing on Mars and space in general. Emphasis on working together, engineering culture, agile methods (even for space landings with only 1 deploy ever!), autonomous systems. In short: you want to see this.
🌎 👩‍💻 🚀 ➡ 🌕 👩‍🔬 🔬

---
## [WaspStation/WaspStation-1.0@6662ceef93...](https://github.com/WaspStation/WaspStation-1.0/commit/6662ceef93c91cce15a5eb93d5ce96a025e8c56d)
##### 2020-02-01 23:36:30 by Mark Suckerberg

IPC bugsquashing and minor fixes. (#586)

* IPC Bugsquashing,  Phasic Mask fix and... non metadimensional vanilla.

I am aware i left some of the IPC code in a state of sin, so i decided to fix that and some other issues, including the being able to eat with a mask on (was a mistake in my part), and make the vanilla icescream not be "Datum/whatever/vanilla", wich breaks MUH INMERSION.
-IPC can now drink from glasses and beakers, effectively letting you take your solder, system cleaner or holy water (in case you are a cultist) without the need of an expensive piercing syringe. port from oracle.
-Fixes repeated surgery code while handling the posibrain.
-Liquid solder now heals all brain traumas that dont require surgery on IPC.
-IPC no longer take oxyloss while in crit.
-Slimes can no longer latch into IPC, although, they are still very capable of beating you to a metallic crust.

* Ah shit, forgot about this

* can you work p l e a se

* was it this simple?

* h

* h2

* h2o

* Update carbon.dm

* Update reagent_containers.dm

* Update glass.dm

---

# [<](2020-01-31.md) 2020-02-01 [>](2020-02-02.md)

