# [<](2020-09-02.md) 2020-09-03 [>](2020-09-04.md)

294,105 events, 85,791 push events, 136,163 commit messages, 11,221,114 characters


## [foundriesio/linux](https://github.com/foundriesio/linux)@[e1c5a76d62...](https://github.com/foundriesio/linux/commit/e1c5a76d626ac7662c89c9740059c439295cd1b3)
#### Thursday 2020-09-03 22:24:41 by Masahiro Yamada

[fio fromtree] modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>

---
## [dtnguyen2/sherpa](https://github.com/dtnguyen2/sherpa)@[37692cd3ff...](https://github.com/dtnguyen2/sherpa/commit/37692cd3ffcbc6b52b4fb9c5202710a6ade65302)
#### Thursday 2020-09-03 22:38:23 by Moritz Guenther

No error for no-ops in `ungroup` and friends

Currently, `ungroup` and `unsubtract` throw a `DataErr`, if a dataset is not
grouped or not subtracted. Why is this necessary?
For purely interactive use if just one or two datasets, an Exception is one way
of providing feedback to the user and remind him "hey, you did not even group
 this before, are you sure you know what you are doing?".
However, when working with more datasets, it gets annoying and it's even worse
when I have a long-running script. Why does the script fail, if all I'm doing is
to accidentally ungroup something that was ungrouped before.
Here is what I do: I play around interactively, group with or that and then I
want to ungroup or unsubtract everything. Currently, I have to go one by one,
with code like this:
```
for i in ui.list_data_ids():
        try:
            ui.ungroup(i)
        except sherpa.utils.err.DataErr:
            # It's already ungrouped
            pass
```

That's clunky, so I wonder: Why is it necessary to throw an Exception when a
dataset is already ungrouped or unsubtracted?
If I want to ungroup, why would it matter to me if data was previously grouped
or not? What matters is that it's ungrouped after.

This PR removes some of those (in my opinion) annoying exceptions.

---
## [clayne/mpv](https://github.com/clayne/mpv)@[1643cb865f...](https://github.com/clayne/mpv/commit/1643cb865f4005949aa8a10b5eee7e0320f5ff4a)
#### Thursday 2020-09-03 23:10:18 by wm4

audio: fix stream-silence with push AOs (somewhat)

--audio-stream-silence is a shitty feature compensating for awful
consumer garbage, that mutes PCM at first to check whether it's
compressed audio, using formats advocated and owned by malicious patent
troll companies (who spend more money on their lawyers than paying any
technicians), wrapped in a wasteful way to make it constant bitrate
using a standard whose text is not freely available, and only rude users
want it. This feature has been carelessly broken, because it's
complicated and stupid. What would Jesus do? If not getting an aneurysm,
or pushing over tables with expensive A/V receivers on top of them, he'd
probably fix the feature. So let's take inspiration from Jesus Christ
himself, and do something as dumb as wasting some of our limited
lifetime on this incredibly stupid fucking shit.

This is tricky, because state changes like end-of-audio are supposed to
be driven by the AO driver, while playing silence precludes this. But it
seems code paths for "untimed" AOs can be reused.

But there are still problems. For example, underruns will just happen
normally (and stop audio streaming), because we don't have a separate
heuristic to check whether the buffer is "low enough" (as a consequence
of a network stall, but before the audio output itself underruns).

---

# [<](2020-09-02.md) 2020-09-03 [>](2020-09-04.md)

