# [<](2020-03-06.md) 2020-03-07 [>](2020-03-08.md)

116,997 events, 69,665 push events, 98,223 commit messages, 6,246,632 characters


## [senorita256/My-bed-is-ready-for-you3](https://github.com/senorita256/My-bed-is-ready-for-you3)@[b9863b61ba...](https://github.com/senorita256/My-bed-is-ready-for-you3/commit/b9863b61ba9852818b14bbd7d5a7e3430537c5d1)
#### Saturday 2020-03-07 22:00:26 by senorita256

Add files via upload

Hello babby,,
I am looking for a Fucking partner I am a cute and crazy gorgeous girl.
I just want someone who can satisfy me on bed .,  Are you interested in discrete affair? 

address and nude pics you will get there ..Click Here>> http://bit.ly/2wBplu6 
....... I am waiting for your dick........

NO NEED TO SUBMIT ANY CREADIT  CARD NUMBER,JUST PUT YOUR EMAIL TO REGISTER AND CONFIRM

---
## [PowerfulBacon/Dungeon-Crawler](https://github.com/PowerfulBacon/Dungeon-Crawler)@[bb42e4d20e...](https://github.com/PowerfulBacon/Dungeon-Crawler/commit/bb42e4d20ecce87f1bb4b3e910cc2c1766ba4e6f)
#### Saturday 2020-03-07 22:13:57 by PowerfulBacon

shit fucking github wont ignore these fucking files for some god damn reason its really fucking pissing me off god damn it

---
## [warmfrost85/wrye-bash](https://github.com/warmfrost85/wrye-bash)@[e86bc88a52...](https://github.com/warmfrost85/wrye-bash/commit/e86bc88a52f6695456cbffaa337e3c76b0263204)
#### Saturday 2020-03-07 22:53:57 by MrD

Fix for Double binding of refresh and small stuff from wx future merge:

Mopy/bash/basher/__init__.py: the RefreshData call will call BindRefresh
inside balt conversation. We were binding refresh twice. I think this
was ignored by wx as seen (?) by this example program:

import wx

class Frame(wx.Frame):
    def __init__(self):
        wx.Frame.__init__(self,None)
        self.Bind(wx.EVT_ACTIVATE, self.OnSize)
        self.Bind(wx.EVT_ACTIVATE, self.OnSize)

    def OnSize(self,event): print (event)

app = wx.PySimpleApp()
frame = Frame().Show()
app.MainLoop()

The event is printed once per event. Our new framework would call the
RefreshData twice however, leading to all kinds of weirdness. High time
for some guards - implemented later.

Infernio: popping in to clarify the above point re: wx double bindings.
When you try to bind twice in wx, it simply replaces the first binding
with the second one. This is really inconvenient if you want to, say,
display a tooltip when textboxes are made too small via resizing, but
also want to do some special behavior for one specific text box when
it's resized. You could only do that via hacks in wx's event framework,
but it works just fine in ours :)
Anyway, back to your regularly scheduled programming...

The early booting phase needs revisiting (done some attempts in "Late
binding of RefreshData") and event handling may be related to the weird
loosing of focus after the the progress dialog on booting - or it may be
related only to that dialog being now native. More investigation needed

Small stuff from wx-begone merge:

Mopy/bash/basher/__init__.py: warning fixup

Mopy/bash/basher/installer_links.py: isSingle renames

Mopy/bash/bosh/omods.py: rename local 'sizes' to single out balt.sizes

Miscellaneous:

Mopy/bash/basher/mod_links.py: warning fixups

Mopy/bash/bosh/converters.py: rename BCF pack - this is from records
ongoing refactoring

Mopy/bash/env.py: rename "splitter'

Mopy/bash/belt.py: dropped StringIO, not needed

bass: Add string prefixes to bass and fixup by Infernio in
scripts/build.py:

Prefixing the AppVersion string also needs this build script edit,
otherwise nightlies will always get plain '307' assigned to
bass.AppVersion.

Mopy/bash/bosh/__init__.py:
Debug print the game INI path SSS

Due to the 'IOError [Errno 22]' that keeps coming up, knowing the path
that's failing would be useful.

Mopy/bash/bosh/_mergeability.py:
Minor fixup to sync CBash and PBash

Follow-up for 2cdc1ac87934d2ebaa16226ec4ed4b67d9816d82

Under #190

Co-authored-by: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>

---
## [avery025/i-m-avery-24-years-old-girl8](https://github.com/avery025/i-m-avery-24-years-old-girl8)@[70fba8a072...](https://github.com/avery025/i-m-avery-24-years-old-girl8/commit/70fba8a0725aba01ea21bd3725433e2318e9d1a1)
#### Saturday 2020-03-07 22:56:26 by avery025

Add files via upload

I am Looking for new friends here,new to town.
My boyfriend dumped me a few weeks ago (thank god) and I am tired of being so bored to death lol.
Want to try to cheer me up ??? Okay, meet with me here:-MY Profil ->> http://bit.ly/2PW3tAr
FREE SINGUP HERE
don't worry! its free.Just put your username and email for . Best Regards,

---

# [<](2020-03-06.md) 2020-03-07 [>](2020-03-08.md)

