# [<](2020-08-16.md) 2020-08-17 [>](2020-08-18.md)

162,758 events, 84,130 push events, 134,588 commit messages, 10,671,229 characters


## [r4b3rt/libpod](https://github.com/r4b3rt/libpod)@[60ab5f3ae6...](https://github.com/r4b3rt/libpod/commit/60ab5f3ae66e04be83ec4f83ad4b29b6e294110c)
#### Monday 2020-08-17 22:05:24 by Ed Santiago

system tests: enable sdnotify tests

Oops. PR #6693 (sdnotify) added tests, but they were disabled
due to broken crun on f31. I tried for three weeks to get a
magic CI:IMG PR to update crun on the CI VMs ... but in that
time I forgot to actually enable those new tests.

This PR removes a 'skip', replacing it with a check that systemd
is running plus one more to make sure our runtime is crun. It
looks like sdnotify just doesn't work on Ubuntu (it hangs), and
my guess is that it's a crun/runc issue.

I also changed the test image from fedora:latest to :31, because,
sigh, fedora:latest removed the systemd-notify tool.

WARNING WARNING WARNING: the symptom of a missing systemd-notify
is that podman will hang forever, not even stopped by the timeout
command in podman_run! (Filed: #7316). This means that if the
sdnotify-in-container test ever fails, the symptom will be that
Cirrus itself will time out (2 hours?). This is horrible. I
don't know what to do about it other than push for a fix for 7316.

Signed-off-by: Ed Santiago <santiago@redhat.com>

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[495d4c2412...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/495d4c241242b79420a1393e42c2838d45d56eda)
#### Monday 2020-08-17 22:34:52 by LemonInTheDark

fixes helllag from change turf being used on a turf of the same type (#53000)

Prevents horrible lag and runtime spam, makes the ash drake fight doable again, and adds a safeguard in case of other odd turf shit.
Changelog

cl
fix: The ash drake fight is winnable again, and the game will no longer die when he goes into the lava arena attack.
/cl

---
## [loki-project/loki-core](https://github.com/loki-project/loki-core)@[fb0aff57f6...](https://github.com/loki-project/loki-core/commit/fb0aff57f69b7073bcdb3c22463f8f3cd61099b4)
#### Monday 2020-08-17 23:53:42 by Jason Rhinelander

Replace epee http client with curl-based client

In short: epee's http client is garbage, standard violating, and
unreliable.

This completely removes the epee http client support and replaces it
with cpr, a curl-based C++ wrapper.  rpc/http_client.h wraps cpr for RPC
requests specifically, but it is also usable directly.

This replacement has a number of advantages:

- requests are considerably more reliable.  The epee http client code
  assumes that a connection will be kept alive forever, and returns a
  failure if a connection is ever closed.  This results in some very
  annoying things: for example, preparing a transaction and then waiting
  a long tim before confirming it will usually result in an error
  communication with the daemon.  This is just terribly behaviour: the
  right thing to do on a connection failure is to resubmit the request.

- epee's http client is broken in lots of other ways: for example, it
  tries throwing SSL at the port to see if it is HTTPS, but this is
  protocol violating and just breaks (with a several second timeout) on
  anything that *isn't* epee http server (for example, when lokid is
  behind a proxying server).

- even when it isn't doing the above, the client breaks in other ways:
  for example, there is a comment (replaced in this PR) in the Trezor PR
  code that forces a connection close after every request because epee's
  http client doesn't do proper keep-alive request handling.

- it seems noticeably faster to me in practical use in this PR; both
  simple requests (for example, when running `lokid status`) and
  wallet<->daemon connections are faster, probably because of crappy
  code in epee.  (I think this is also related to the throw-ssl-at-it
  junk above: the epee client always generates an ssl certificate during
  static initialization because it might need one at some point).

- significantly reduces the amount of code we have to maintain.

- removes all the epee ssl option code: curl can handle all of that just
  fine.

- removes the epee socks proxy code; curl can handle that just fine.
  (And can do more: it also supports using HTTP/HTTPS proxies).

- When a cli wallet connection fails we know show why it failed (which
  now is an error message from curl), which could have all sorts of
  reasons like hostname resolution failure, bad ssl certificate, etc.
  Previously you just got a useless generic error that tells you
  nothing.

Other related changes in this PR:

- Drops the check-for-update and download-update code.  To the best of
my knowledge these have never been supported in loki-core and so it
didn't seem worth the trouble to convert them to use cpr for the
requests.

- Cleaned up node_rpc_proxy return values: there was an inconsistent mix
  of ways to return errors and how the returned strings were handled.
  Instead this cleans it up to return a pair<bool, val>, which (with
  C++17) can be transparently captured as:

    auto [success, val] = node.whatever(req);

  This drops the failure message string, but it was almost always set to
  something fairly useless (if we want to resurrect it we could easily
  change the first element to be a custom type with a bool operator for
  success, and a `.error` attribute containing some error string, but
  for the most part the current code wasn't doing much useful with the
  failure string).

- changed local detection (for automatic trusted daemon determination)
  to just look for localhost, and to not try to resolve anything.
  Trusting non-public IPs does not work well (e.g. with lokinet where
  all .loki addresses resolve to a local IP).

- ssl fingerprint option is removed; this isn't supported by curl
  (because it is essentially just duplicating what a custom cainfo
  bundle does)

- --daemon-ssl-allow-chained is removed; it wasn't a useful option (if
  you don't want chaining, don't specify a cainfo chain).

- --daemon-address is now a URL instead of just host:port.  (If you omit
  the protocol, http:// is prepended).

- --daemon-host and --daemon-port are now deprecated and produce a
  warning (in simplewallet) if used; the replacement is to use
  --daemon-address.

- --daemon-ssl is deprecated; specify --daemon-address=https://whatever
  instead.

- the above three are now hidden from --help

- reordered the wallet connection options to make more logical sense.

---

# [<](2020-08-16.md) 2020-08-17 [>](2020-08-18.md)

