# [<](2020-04-21.md) 2020-04-22 [>](2020-04-23.md)

176,082 events, 92,803 push events, 149,901 commit messages, 11,659,079 characters


## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[248313faa9...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/248313faa94a7328934c58c25efcf44e9252120d)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-22 22:26:33 by Daniel Nunes

Add fomod installer support

Option types are not validated - contradicting group and
option types should be undefined behaviour.
However, to simplify, option type always wins the conflict
and we deliver a warning if needed.

As an example, in a SelectAll group a NotUsable option
would not be selected.

Remove fomod metadata handling

Rework fomod installer backend

Changed:
  - User's choices are now "saved" when going to previous pages
  - Folders to install are now properly merged based on priority
  - Omitted destination attributes in file/folder tags are now
    properly handled.

TODO:
  - Update tests in test_bash repo
  - Add some inline documentation

This must go into the final commit message:

Ignored tags:
  - moduleImage
  - fommDependency

Ignored attributes:
  - position, colour - [moduleName]
  - alwaysInstall, installIfUsable - [file, folder]

Note:

Rework exe-based game detection logic FFF fomods

@@ -64,3 +64,3 @@ def __init__(self, parent_window, installer, page_size, pos):
         data_path = bass.dirs["mods"]
-        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.exe).s)
+        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.launch_exe).s)
         game_ver = u".".join([unicode(i) for i in ver])

Some wx cleanup in gui fomods

Cache images it does speedup loading them

(although that's probably due to my using balt.Image)

FFF couple typos

FileInfo(object): -> _FomodFileInfo(object): FFF WIP

Infernio: Updated for 'Rework game version calculation'

SSS Improve FOMOD installer link name

Should be FOMOD or FOMod, not Fomod. Also added three dots, since that
link opens an interactive dialog.

SSS to be squashed into the final FOMOD commit

_text = _(u'FOMOD Installer...') class variable SSS

No need to override __init__

Remove some leftover debug prints

Replace PageInfo with OrderedDict

Std lib is better. Port of GandaG/pyfomod@547494309

Add some docs to the fomod backend

Update for recent merges

FFF A bunch of FOMOD hacks

I hadn't actually realised just *how* broken the wizard/FOMOD
interaction is up until I just now got a really cryptic error message
from a wizard. Just some examples:
 - SelectSubPackage didn't work properly when the package had an fomod,
   because fomods do not populate Installer.espmMap, which wizards use
   to detect what subpackages and plugins are available.
 - The same goes for SelectPlugin, all deselect variants, SelectAll,
   etc. Probably for loops with SubPackages as well.
 - I screwed up my earlier fix. While it no longer crashed, it made
   wizards (with or without FOMODs) unable to select the last
   subpackage. But see above, wizards with FOMODs had a hard time with
   that anyways ;)
 - The result of applying a wizard and an FOMOD is well-defined (the
   FOMOD always wins because it short-circuits refreshDataSizeCrc), but
   it looked really confusing in the GUI. Still possible to create
   manually by checking both the fomod subpackage and other subpackages,
   but wizards and FOMODs will now uncheck the other so WB at least no
   longer produces this weird state.

Threw in some tiny refactorings in belt (yay, two bolt.cmp_'s gone!)

SSS Rework FOMOD GUI

Depends on 190-de-wx-pt1, rewrites most of the GUI to use the wrappers
instead. Drops a whole bunch of wx usages, which is nice. RadioButton
needs wrapping, see all the ugly hacks at the bottom of gui_fomod. Also,
the design that uses __dict__ of wx objects to store group objects has
to go, it's fundamentally hacky and very fragile - e.g. imagine if the
wx guys decided to add __slots__ to their objects.

Also contains a bunch of fixes and misc improvements, e.g. user-facing
strings have been made translatable, some bugs that were carried over
from belt have been fixed, and the 'Back' button no longer works on the
first page.

Note the glaring TODOs - this is a straight up port of the original GUI,
but we currently don't have a way to change fonts, which the original
GUI relied on to differentiate its components. I added some
HBoxedLayouts as an alternative, which works fine for the main FOMOD
dialog and may even be an improvement in terms of visual clarity, but
doesn't help at all with the results screen, which is now an unreadable
mess.

Infernio: Updated for wrapped WizardDialog, gave fomods their own stored
size, updated for default_* -> item_*.

Utumno: fomod_gui: comments to docstrings

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

FFF fix FOMOD fileDependency evaluation

Wasn't taking ghosts into account and, more importantly, was passing
strings to the LO API, which expects paths. As a result, every file was
either missing or inactive.

Also went ahead and swapped all usages of bolt.Path for bolt.GPath.

FFF fix FOMOD PNGs

I could swear I commited this to nightly long ago, along with the main
pngcrush work, but it seems to have gotten lost somewhere along the way.
So here's a better version, that refactors the two nearly identical
methods.

FFF FOMOD de-wx & wx4 fixups

FFF Mopy/bash/basher/gui_fomod.py gui.Picture (untested!)

Add string prefixes to fomod

Also wrapped all lines to be below 80 chars, cleaned up newlines and
reformatted docstrings to match the rest of WB.

FFF rewrite for wrapped RadioButton

FFF Rework GUI for block_user API

Use that instead of disabling the checkboxes/radio buttons. Now they
fire hover events and we can show their info in the right pane. Fixes
all those 'informational' choices you get in FOMODs.

FFF Add mass selection links

Very cool feature for managing bigger FOMOD installs :)

FFF Support double-click to open images

Offer a table-based view of the final files

IMO the text-based view of the files we're going to install has always
been really hard to parse - plus now that we no longer have a fixed font
it's gotten even worse. Still, kept the text-based view around (it's
like 10 lines of code) and instead added a checkbox to switch to this
neat new view.

(Can you tell that I'm putting off actually looking into and refactoring
the fomod code yet?)

SSS Classmethods for Installer subclasses FOMods

FFF Include path separators when checking source prefixes

Fixes installers like Lanterns of Skyrim II, which includes the
following sources:

LoS II - TML
LoS II - TML Assets

So when we got a file like 'LoS II - TML Assets/test.esp', we'd end up
matching it to both of those.

---

# [<](2020-04-21.md) 2020-04-22 [>](2020-04-23.md)

