# [<](2020-08-04.md) 2020-08-05 [>](2020-08-06.md)

165,323 events, 89,102 push events, 141,297 commit messages, 10,977,035 characters


## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[520465fa73...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/520465fa7381d09ff93bcf7fb0142a0873c113ef)
#### Wednesday 2020-08-05 23:18:20 by MrD

Use attrgetter instead of reduce

from operator import attrgetter
class A(object): pass
class B(A): pass
a = A()
a.b = B()
a.b.c = 'hello'
print(attrgetter(u'b.c'))(a)
hello

In theory faster too

More attrgetter - drop overrides in importers!

cint reduce XXX

Wip _AttrGettersCache(dict)

actor_importer_attrs -> never a tuple in there?

Note that

{}[[]]
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<input>", line 1, in <module>
TypeError: unhashable type: 'list'

so the isinstance(attr, (list, tuple, set)): make not sense, only tuple
should be accepted

DestructiblePatcher -> never has a 'model' attr ? TTT

Infernio:
You should be able to drop the _inner_loop here. destructible is only
ever a MelDestructible instance, so can't be a string, which should
make the behavior of this loop identical to its parent.

Same NB as with the other one though [WeaponMods] - this doesn't do
anything right now, but may have been intended to handle
case-insensitive comparisons of destructible.stages[i].model.

WeaponModsPatcher -> again no model? XXX

Infernio
You should be able to drop the string comparison logic here. The
'splitting by dots' logic is still required, but none of these attrs
can be strings at runtime:

modelWithMods - MelObject
firstPersonModelWithMods - MelObject
weaponMods - MelObject
soundMod1Shoot3Ds - list of fids
soundMod1Shoot2D - fid
effectMod1 - int
effectMod2 - int
effectMod3 - int
valueAMod1 - float
valueAMod2 - float
valueAMod3 - float
valueBMod1 - float
valueBMod2 - float
valueBMod3 - float
reloadAnimationMod - int
vatsModReqiured - int
scopeModel - MelObject
dnamFlags1.hasScope - bool, but special case because of dot
dnamFlags2.scopeFromMod - bool, but special case because of dot

That said, my guess is that the string comparison logic was meant to
apply to modelWithMods, firstPersonModelWithMods and weaponMods, and
the model comparison logic to scopeModel. So maybe we should keep it
and fix it up to use those instead?

Upon thinking on this further, maybe the right place to handle this
case insensitivity isn't in the patchers, but in the records. We
could make a MelCIString that turns the read string into a CIStr.
That way all this patcher-specific logic could disappear.

Utumno:
> this case insensitivity isn't in the patchers, but in the records.

Aaahhh - yes - but I want to get rid of the decoding/encoding on
loadData and dumpData. I guess - cause it is difficult to trace what
attribute of the records is used where, especially if it's called eid
- that most of the time those are decoded and then are unused and
then encoded - and apart from the performance that this costs, it
might lead to mangled up strings if that decoding/encoding messes up
(falling back to mbcs) - and we won't even know.

We really have to go through what encodings are really accepted (by
the game) in the string fields - possibly only cp1252?[1] This
started cause some mods encode some fields differently - but maybe it
will turn out that anyway apart from, say, 'description' nothing else
can be in Unicode, so we will compare byte-strings as byte-strings
for a lot of performance (and simpler code). Or not...

Case insensitivity is another fruit - but then to me the basic issue
is finding a way of doing the decoding/encoding/case-normalizing JIT.
I thought of dynamically adding properties to the records that wrap
the (now renamed to _eid say) string fields but this is getting messy
and complex. I thought about metaclasses (god forbid) or patching the
getSlotsUsed or... - but nothing yet as I just now start to grok the
records (thanks to your rewrite), and the dynamical nature of records
code does not help to trace what is used where.

> That said, my guess is that the string comparison logic was meant to
apply to modelWithMods

The special treatment of model is another oops - if we want to test
model.modPath then we should have in our arrays model.modPath and
hand along to the attrgetter (neat eh?) like the rest. Special cases
is what one wants to eliminate

For now, I will go ahead and rip those overrides off as you
commented, so we can revisit the long ids thing - although what I
would hope to get into nightly is prefixing, I regret adding dirs
prefixes as the right way is those unicode literals, as then we test
on py2 already (and convert all pickled strings to unicode for users
to have in their settings before py3)

And when the dust settles time for a simple_importers.py I think

Ref # 480, # 232

[1] we might then as well say str.dedode(u'cp1252') except
UnicodeDecodeError -> warn user that field X in record Y seems not
game readable.

lojack5:
I think from Skyrim on it's ok to always assume cp1252, some they
added translation strings.

On Oblivion for sure (and maybe Fallout 3 / NV?), Things are a mess
though. Both Chinese and Japanese are not supported by the game.
Either one or both of the languages (ive forgotten which) modders
have gotten to work by monkey patching the engine with a plug-in
(OBSE I think). I'd have to see if I ha e any of my correspondence
with valda to check though, at one point he sent me whatever they use
so I could test.

I'm not sure what Russian and other Cyrillic languages do though,
they may have a plug-in as well. The other big western European
languages have their own official game exe, I'm not sure if those use
a codepage but they might.

All of which to say, might need to implement it on a per game basis.
Not decoding would of course be an easy fix as well, although things
like importing/exporting npc names to/from csv and similar things
would have to have their encoding/decoding checked to work with that.

lojack5:
Found the Japanese patch: http://jpmod.oblivion.z49.org/

-----

FFF _setattr_deep

setup = """
class A(object):
    def __init__(self, a):
        self.a = a

a = A(5)
"""
print(timeit.timeit('a.__setattr__(u"a", 5)', setup))
print(timeit.timeit('setattr(a, u"a", 5)', setup))

0.11508789999999997
0.07353180000000004

took also ActorImporter one along

some more caching FFF

Before:

patcher_dialog.py  215 PatchExecute:          560913348 function calls (504538508 primitive calls) in 252.848 seconds

After:

patcher_dialog.py  215 PatchExecute:          560128783 function calls (503753943 primitive calls) in 253.211 seconds

700k function calls less

Infernio: Dropped changes to ImportRelations to avoid conflicts with
inf-312-parser-abc

---

# [<](2020-08-04.md) 2020-08-05 [>](2020-08-06.md)

