# [<](2020-02-16.md) 2020-02-17 [>](2020-02-18.md)

2,124,505 events, 1,100,445 push events, 1,697,044 commit messages, 109,971,040 characters


## [Pajuka22/ShadowGame](https://github.com/Pajuka22/ShadowGame)@[8f93982b5c...](https://github.com/Pajuka22/ShadowGame/commit/8f93982b5c78a18de72b7c275d59295025b7a0f4)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 00:11:33 by Pajuka22

Lost Ones can see the player

fuck yeah, ai perception is kinda working now. All I gotta do is make sure that the suspicion adds and stuff. Then I need to do some revision and iteration and stuff but that doesn't matter for now

---
## [whatever9999/CitrusX](https://github.com/whatever9999/CitrusX)@[3a362890fa...](https://github.com/whatever9999/CitrusX/commit/3a362890faadcd8301bf58d30101038abc871211)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 01:49:54 by Hugo

Stupid glow finally fucking implemented

(I hate myself)

---
## [HAakansson/group-assignment-cinema](https://github.com/HAakansson/group-assignment-cinema)@[d7088d99d1...](https://github.com/HAakansson/group-assignment-cinema/commit/d7088d99d15696abbad50fa821aa8ca33c670d5d)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 06:16:12 by DanielHansson

Merge booked_seats2 into booked_seats and now it works

IT DIDN'T REMOVE THE FUNCTION! WHOOOOOOO
WHAT A FUCKING ANNOYENCE IT DIDN'T DO IT BEFORE!
Refactoring is the shit. Blop

---
## [RetrogradeAmnesia/MyLife.exe-add-hobby-Music-Writing-Other-](https://github.com/RetrogradeAmnesia/MyLife.exe-add-hobby-Music-Writing-Other-)@[62891ec533...](https://github.com/RetrogradeAmnesia/MyLife.exe-add-hobby-Music-Writing-Other-/commit/62891ec5332a4e463f22258bcd1c62038a7f990b)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 06:36:57 by Retrograde Amnesia

i have listened to all of these twice before i hit upload.

i play guitar, write music, love to sing songs, everything.
I have a friend who is him self in a similar situation as me personally, maybe not the code, or outreach or sharing side.. but he has his way, and he shares his bands music with me from time to time.
SO, among this, is a song by his band.
If you are actually still reading this... are actually reading this...
Unlikeley anyone will.

But hey, if your there, have a listen, comment what you think i guess, just want to be able to open a place to share things like this. aside from....
#BrainStops...
# Thinks of 10 ... DOZEN different ways this is allready out there haha, gaurentee there others out there like me, who have thier own.

Just yeah, always happy to share, i just like to engage and encourage others too as well.

Enjoy.

---
## [geoadmin/mf-chsdi3](https://github.com/geoadmin/mf-chsdi3)@[d86d6a3fa1...](https://github.com/geoadmin/mf-chsdi3/commit/d86d6a3fa12c4d4b3648d611f48c7b96c01c52b3)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 06:39:00 by Martin Kuenzi

"Once, in China during the Ming Dynasty, there was a highly respected blacksmith who was going around in the garden of the palace in search of a good time, when he spotted a poor maiden.[pause 1] \"Can you tell me where in the kingdom I can find a good time?\" he asked the maiden[pause 1].\nThe maiden thought long and hard, then she said: \"A good time is to be found in the last house you visited.\" The blacksmith thought long and hard about the maiden's answer. Then he offered her his only son as a reward. The following autumn after hours talking to a friend, the blacksmith finally understood what the maiden had meant: Much treasured is he who challenges his love, for he shall find the truth. And that's how he realized that a good time had been inside him all along."

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[980837fc79...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/980837fc79f81b69c4f03745c2e3ca956401d6fc)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 08:33:22 by Time-Green

PLUMBING: Lavaland geysers, pumps and regrettable balance decisions! (#49067)

Implements the geysers and pumps I originally added along with the first draft of plumbing.

Geysers
A geyser can be plungered with a reinforced plunger to activate. At wich point, it'll either produce clf3, hollow water, protozine or rarely wittel.

Pumps
Adds the liquid pump to the plumbing RCD. Place on an active geyser and wrench it to start pumping the geyser of its delicious juicess. I also changed it to not use power, because it would be awful drawing kilometer long wires along with the ducts.

Chems
Hollow water works basically like blood and mutage, where you can mix it with 1 unit of holy water for more holy water.

Protozine has a .2 healing, down from omnizine's .5. The healing is just kind of a side thing and not really what this chem was implemented for.

If it wasn't obvious, this allows chemists to industrialize strange reagent creation, with hollow water being able to create limitless holy water alongside protozine being a valid replacement for omnizine. Getting 2 geysers with those chems and on lavaland is quite the hassle, and you still need to get some holy water from the chaplain as kickstarter. I honestly think this is fine, and otherwise I could add a unique botany catalyst, so they don't become useless in the process.

Wittel
Adds wittel, wich is rare. Does nothing, but can be processed into two fun/regrettable chems.

Adds gravitum. Metabolizes very slowly. Drinking it makes you weightless, and spraying it makes that object temporarily weightless. Make 10u by mixing 1 wittel with 10 sorium

Adds metalgen. Created by mixing it with mutagen and bluespace powder. Must then be mixed with 40u of a powedered material and 1u of liquid dark matter.
The material used becomes imprinted on the chem. It can then be applied to anything, except mobs, to turn it into that material. Radiation is bad, and no you can't turn the nuke into plasma to blow it up.
The chem is difficult to get and use, but it can turn the escape shuttle into solid gold wich looks really cool. You could also turn it into plasma and vaporize everything. It can be used to, with some effort, duplicate materials.

🆑
add: Adds geysers to lavaland! They can be activated by using a reinforced plunger found in the medical vendor. They can be harvested by using a new plumbing device, magically powered liquid pumps!
add: Adds Hollow Water to geysers, wich can be combined with Holy Water as catalyst for more Holy Water
add: Adds Protozine to geyers, a very weak version of Omnizine. Can be used in Strange Reagent mixing
add: Adds Wittel, a very rare geyser chem. Can be processed into gravitum, wich removes gravity. Can also be processed into metalgen, wich has a strange tendency to transform objects into the imprinted material.
/🆑

Why:
This is what I originally wanted to do. The idea was to have a lot more chems, but I can't focus on one thing for that long. Hopefully this'll empower the bored chemist and make the rounds just that more interesting. Hopefully this'll spark the creation of some other geyser chems aswell.

That and makes shaft miners not the only ones hunting on lavaland.

---
## [newstools/2020-daily-nation](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-nation)@[85708213db...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-nation/commit/85708213db87ec6f1b46c3b10245c2ef0fdf5e11)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 08:39:33 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.nation.co.ke/lifestyle/dn2/Should-I-marry-my-serial-cheat-of-a-girlfriend/957860-5457944-1390g28z/index.html]

---
## [loot/oblivion](https://github.com/loot/oblivion)@[6171901fce...](https://github.com/loot/oblivion/commit/6171901fce68d4ffe43bce1e3fc90aa263b3b993)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 11:38:33 by McSplody

Add locations for mods (#88)

10Travellers
14 Clubs and Hammers from Mount and Blade
1HWeaponOnBack for SoB
33 Axes from Mount and Blade
34 swords from Mount and Blade
4 Khergit Scimitars from Mount and Blade
7 shields from Mount and Blade
AC Stock Armor
AC gOld Coins
AGEHA Tortured Soul leveled for OOO-FCOM and Vanilla
Addon for Shield on Back
Akavir Download pack 1
Alir armor for HGES
All Capes Cloaks Clothes Gloves and Robes
Altessian Trial Grounds
Amulet converter
Amy AM Recolours
Archmage Sorceress
Arena Armor Eye Candy for the Crowds
Armblade and Armshield
Armor Of The White Fox
Armored Coats
Armored skirts
Arynns Demonatrix Armor for HGEC
Aspirias Outfit DV-EV
Auto Equip Offhand and Arrow
Ayleid Glass
BAB Biu Adventuress Body
BBB Sexy Daedric Priestess.
Bamboo Armor
Banes Steel Helm Replacer
Bards of Cyrodiil
Belles bouteilles
Berserk Berserker Armor
Better Bedroll
BetterMusicSystem
Black Gloves DB
Blade of Woe Replacer Nine Tongues
Blade of Woe Replacer by Allomerus
Blade of Woe and Sufferthorn Replacer
Blades Ceremonial Armour
Blood Glass Armor
Blood Glass Weapons
Bloodworm Helm Replacer
Brewbeards Talon
Brigand's Gear
Brivas Light Armor
CV Dracula Kilij Sword
Camping in Nehrim Portable Campsite Patch
Classy Gentlemen Necessity Pack
Clock Hotkey
Cloth Gloves
Cloud Armor Compilation
Conan Swords
Containers respawn
Crimson Dagger
Crowded Cities
Crowded Cities-Open Cites
Crowded Roads Advanced
Crowded Roads Revisited
DB Shadow Set
DFSLs China Dress
DMRA BBB Armamentarium Complete
DMRA BBB Better Cities Replacer
DMRA BBB Complete Clothing and Armor Replacer
DMRA BBB MTZ Midnight Gymnastics.
DMRA BBB Skimpy Emperor Robe
DMRA BBB Skimpy Shivering Royalty
DMRA Skimpy Armor Expanded
DMRA Stock Armor Skimpy
DMRA Stock Clothing Replacer
DMRA Stock Clothing Skimpy
DMRA Stock Robe Replacer
DMRA Stock Robe Skimpy Replacer
Daedric Healer Robes
Daedric Katana and Daikatana
Daedric sky armor
Dans Tattoo Armor for HGEC Full Version
DarNifiedUI Config Addon
Dark Crusader Armor
Dark Illusion Armor
Dark Katana
Dark Leather Armor
Deceiver Armour for Exnems Body
Demolish System Combat System Refinements
Diannes Sexy Daedric Priestess HGEC H Cup
Dollparts Wild Flower Corsets of Cyrodiil
DoofDillas Potions Recolored
ECC EyeCandy Compilation
Emarion Equipment
Equipable Beards
Exnem Chrome Amazon Armor Retexture
Expanded Hotkeys Ultimate
Extreme Riding on HONDA NR500
FLY Armor and Clothing BBB Non-replacers
FalxMod
Fast Hotkey Shortcuts
Fighters Guild Scalemail
Flame Glass Equipment
FormID Finder
Frill Short Dress and Halloween Backpack
Frostmourne and Lich Kings Armor
Full Metal Bikini Mark II
Glamdring Rip-Off
Goddess Armor for EC and HGEC
Grey Fox Cowl Redux
Griffon Fortress Update 04
Grimbots DLC Book Jackets
Growlfs Hot Clothes and Armor 5 Full
Guard Torches
HGEC Bloodrayne Armor
HGEC DMRA BBB Rose of the Guard
HGEC Gothic Mistress
HGEC Ryk Sandals Real High Heels
HGEC Sinblood Ravenous Elegance
HGEC and RM Nature's Bounty
HGEC conversion.
HGEC more revealing standard armor
HGec Pain Bringer Armor
Hashshashin Armor
Heartbreaker
Helm of Oreyn Bearclaw Replacer
Heretic Robe Replacer
Hidden Skulls
Hiromacus Dynasty Armor Compilation DM-BBB
Holgars Barbarian and Buccaneer Outfitter
Hotkey Cyclers
House Map Markers
Hovs Hotkeys
Immersive Travelers
Improved Hotkeys
Improved Hotkeys Extended
Interior Blood Flicker Fix
JaySuS Blades
JaySuS Blades Volume 2
JaySuS Capes
Jedi Lightsabers with Sheath FIX
Kafeis Armored Circlets
Kit Rae Weaponry
Knight of Skeleton armor
Kusanagi Katana
LSB Skull Weapons Updated
Landmarks
Landmarks with Wells
Laser Gun v1
Legion Shield Replacer 1.3
Lightning Swords
Lootable Lich Helms
MCs Staff Pack
Maddogs Fantasy Mod
Mage Equipment 21 Body Patches
Mages Magic Wands
Magic Shields
MagicThize Midnight Gymnastics
MaleBodyReplacerV4
MaleFullbodyV37z
Meos Potion Replacer and Resource
Minidress Misch Masch
More Animals & More Animals Fixed
More Drinks
Morrigan Swords Axes Hammers and Shield by Jojjo
Name That Horse
New Potions
Nexons Armory
Nice To Meet You
Nicoroshi Creations
Nighteye Goggles
No Helmet
No Weapon Recharge
Note To Self
Oblivion Sexualized Monsters
Oddbasket Glass Replacement
P-Froggys Corpse Carry
Pale Rider's Armor of Dragon's Nightmare
Pale Rider's Paladin Equipment
Passion Fruit
Personality Idles - Modified version
Personality Idles4
Phoenix Equipment by Kelryn
Pink Glass Armor
Purse of Wonders
Q More and Moldy Ingredients
Q-Core Multi-featured Utility Mod
QQuix  Rock rock rock your ship
Quick Clothes and Spells
Radar System By VipCxj
Ravenous Elegance for Roberts Female Body
Real Walk for Females by Mur_Zik
Rings of Infiltration
Robe Mesh Replacer v2
RobertMaleBodyReplacerV52
Roberts Female Body v13
Robes Staves and Fists
Roman Legion
Room207 Bodybuilder Male Body Replacer V52
Royal Garb
Royal Glass
Royal Shields
Rune of Independence
Ryk Sandals for HGEC
SPARTAN VIs Diverse City Guards
STHotkeys
Saurons Armor Chest
Sell Horses for Horse Armor
SenTineLs Katanas
Sentient Weapon II
Shauns Weapon Replacer
Shdw Armor Set Sotonhorian
Shields of Antiquity
Shields of Antiquity updated.
Shrouded Armor X
Silverware Weapons
SimpleHUDClock
Sins Expanded Light Armor Kit
Sins Expanded Light Armor Kit Fixed.
Skyrim Ingredients for Oblivion
Snowy Signature Outfit HGEC
SoB for Mount and Blade Shields Mod.
Spartan Spears
Speechcraft Enhanced
Spell Breaker Replacer
Stats Checker
Streamline
Strotis new food
Super Hotkeys
Sword Dancer Armor S M H cup for HGEC
Tamriel Resource Pack
Teddybear Backpacks
Teleport Arrows
The Alchemists Tome
The Arsenal
The Griffon Fortress
The Unholy Chapel ColdBlood Collection Store for HGEC
The Witch King's Sword
ThoriDal The Stars Fury Legends of Azeroth Armory
Tome of Conjuration Teleport
Town Guard Armor Replacer
True Body Shapes Character Body Variation
Tychos Shield On Back Revived
Uncommon Controls
Unique Enticing Books
Unique Enticing SKILL Books
VORB VadersApps Oblivion Real Bodies
Valentines Day Gift
Vampire Alchemy
Vows and Covenants
Warglaives and Silverlight Armor by Jojjo
Wasabi The Mouse
Wearable Armor and Clothes Including Sly dressV2
Wikingers Vampire Cuirass for NPCs
Willful Resistance
Wraiths without faces
Wyverexs Runes
Zatoichi
moDems City Life
tda Armoury
tdas Witchking Helm

---
## [newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk)@[a77bfbd3cf...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk/commit/a77bfbd3cf414191d997beb83eaf234d17065f43)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 12:29:17 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.theguardian.com/music/2020/feb/17/james-taylor-i-was-a-bad-influence-on-the-beatles-lennon-love-and-a-life-in-song]

---
## [digital-asset/daml](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml)@[128294fd8a...](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/commit/128294fd8aa3daf7f7ba5cd361416de6923f41a8)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 13:51:39 by Gary Verhaegen

introduce new release process

Context
=======

After multiple discussions about our current release schedule and
process, we've come to the conclusion that we need to be able to make a
distinction between technical snapshots and marketing releases. In other
words, we need to be able to create a bundle for early adopters to test
without making it an officially-supported version, and without
necessarily implying everyone should go through the trouble of
upgrading. The underlying goal is to have less frequent but more stable
"official" releases.

This PR is a proposal for a new release process designed under the
following constraints:

- Reuse as much as possible of the existing infrastructure, to minimize
  effort but also chances of disruptions.
- Have the ability to create "snapshot"/"nightly"/... releases that are
  not meant for general public consumption, but can still be used by savvy
  users without jumping through too many extra hoops (ideally just
  swapping in a slightly-weirder version string).
- Have the ability to promote an existing snapshot release to "official"
  release status, with as few changes as possible in-between, so we can be
  confident that the official release is what we tested as a prerelease.
- Have as much of the release pipeline shared between the two types of
  releases, to avoid discovering non-transient problems while trying to
  promote a snapshot to an official release.
- Triggerring a release should still be done through a PR, so we can
  keep the same approval process for SOC2 auditability.

The gist of this proposal is to replace the current `VERSION` file with
a `LATEST` file, which would have the following format:

```
ef5d32b7438e481de0235c5538aedab419682388 0.13.53-alpha.20200214.3025.ef5d32b7
```

This file would be maintained with a script to reduce manual labor in
producing the version string. Other than that, the process will be
largely the same, with releases triggered by changes to this `LATEST`
and the release notes files.

Version numbers
===============

Because one of the goals is to reduce the velocity of our published
version numbers, we need a different version scheme for our snapshot
releases. Fortunately, most version schemes have some support for that;
unfortunately, the SDK sits at the intersection of three different
version schemes that have made incompatible choices. Without going into
too much detail:

- Semantic versioning (which we chose as the version format for the SDK
  version number) allows for "prerelease" version numbers as well as
  "metadata"; an example of a complete version string would be
  `1.2.3-nightly.201+server12.43`. The "main" part of the version string
  always has to have 3 numbers separated by dots; the "prerelease"
  (after the `-` but before the `+`) and the "metadata" (after the `+`)
  parts are optional and, if present, must consist of one or more segments
  separated by dots, where a segment can be either a number or an
  alphanumeric string. In terms of oredering, metadata is irrelevant and
  any version with a prerelease string is before the corresponding "main"
  version string alone. Amongst prereleases, segments are compared in
  order with purely numeric ones compared as numbers and mixed ones
  compared lexicographically. So 1.2.3 is more recent than 1.2.3-1,
  which is itself less recent than 1.2.3-2.
- Maven version strings are any number of segments separated by a `.`, a
  `-`, or a transition between a number and a letter. Version strings
  are compared element-wise, with numeric segments being compared as
  numbers. Alphabetic segments are treated specially if they happen to be
  one of a handful of magic words (such as "alpha", "beta" or "snapshot"
  for example) which count as "qualifiers"; a version string with a
  qualifier is "before" its prefix (`1.2.3` is before `1.2.3-alpha.3`,
  which is the same as `1.2.3-alpha3` or `1.2.3-alpha-3`), and there is a
  special ordering amongst qualifiers. Other alphabetic segments are
  compared alphabetically and count as being "after" their prefix
  (`1.2.3-really-final-this-time` counts as being released after `1.2.3`).
- GHC package numbers are comprised of any number of numeric segments
  separated by `.`, plus an optional (though deprecated) alphanumeric
  "version tag" separated by a `-`. I could not find any official
  documentation on ordering for the version tag; numeric segments are
  compared as numbers.
- npm uses semantic versioning so that is covered already.

After much more investigation than I'd care to admit, I have come up
with the following compromise as the least-bad solution. First,
obviously, the version string for stable/marketing versions is going to
be "standard" semver, i.e. major.minor.patch, all numbers, which works,
and sorts as expected, for all three schemes. For snapshot releases, we
shall use the following (semver) format:

```
0.13.53-alpha.20200214.3025.ef5d32b7
```

where the components are, respectively:

- `0.13.53`: the expected version string of the next "stable" release.
- `alpha`: a marker that hopefully scares people enough.
- `20200214`: the date of the release commit, which _MUST_ be on
  master.
- `3025`: the number of commits in master up to the release commit
  (included). Because we have a linear, append-only master branch, this
  uniquely identifies the commit.
- `ef5d32b7ù : the first 8 characters of the release commit sha. This is
  not strictly speaking necessary, but makes it a lot more convenient to
  identify the commit.

The main downsides of this format are:

1. It is not a valid format for GHC packages. We do not publish GHC
  packages from the SDK (so far w ehave instead opted to release our
  Haskell code as separate packages entirely), so this should not be an
  issue. However, our SDK version currently leaks to `ghc-pkg` as the
  version string for the stdlib (and prim) packages. This PR addresses
  that by tweaking the compiler to remove the offending bits, so `ghc-pkg`
  would see the above version number as `0.13.53.20200214.3025`, which
  should be enough to uniquely identify it. Note that, as far as I could
  find out, this number would never be exposed to users.
2. It is rather long, which I think is good from a human perspective as
  it makes it more scary. However, I have been told that this may be
  long enough to cause issues on Windows by pushing us past the max path
  size limitation of that "OS".

The upsides are:

- It clearly indicates it is an unstable release (`alpha`).
- It clearly indicates how old it is, by including the date.
- To humans, it is immediately obvious which version is "later" even if
  they have the same date, allowing us to release same-day patches if
  needed. (Note: that is, commits that were made on the same day; the
  release date itself is irrelevant here.)
- It contains the git sha so the commit built for that release is
  immediately obvious.
- It sorts correctly under all schemes (modulo the modification for
  GHC).

Alternatives I considered:

- Pander to GHC: 0.13.53-alpha-20200214-3025-ef5d32b7. This format would
  be accepted by all schemes, but will not sort as expected under semantic
  versioning (though Maven will be fine). I have no idea how it will osrt
  under GHC.
- Not having any non-numeric component, e.g. `0.13.53.20200214.3025`.
  This is not valid semantic versioning and is therefore rejected by
  npm.
- Not having detailed info: just go with `0.13.53-snapshot`. This is
  what is generally done in the Java world, but we then lose track of what
  version is actually in use and I'm concerned about bug reports. This
  would also not let us publish to the main Maven repo (at least not more
  than once), as artifacts there are supposed to be immutable.
- No having a qualifier: `0.13.53-3025` would be acceptable to all three
  version formats. However, it would not clearly indicate to humans that
  it is not meant as a stable version, and would sort differently under
  semantic versioning (which counts it as a prerelease, i.e. before
  `0.13.53`) than under maven (which counts it as a patch, so after
  `0.13.53`).
- Just counting releases: `0.13.53-alpha.1`, where we just count the
  number of prereleases in-between `0.13.52` and the next. This is
  currently the fallback plan if Windows path length causes issues. It
  would be less convenient to map releases to commits, but it could still
  be done via querying the history of the `LATEST` file.

Release notes
=============

Release notes are a bit tricky. Because we want the ability to make
snapshot releases, then later on promote them to stable releases, it
follows that we want to build commits from the past. However, if we
decide post-hoc that a commit is actually a good candidate for a
release, there is no way that commit can have the appropriate release
notes: it cannot know what version number it's getting, and, moreover,
we now track changes in commit messages.

But release notes need to be published to the releases blog upon
releasing a stable version, and the docs website needs to be updated and
include them.

The only sensible solution here is to pick up the release notes as of
the commit that triggers the release. As the docs cron runs
asynchronously, this means walking down the git history to find the
relevant commit.

> Note: We could probably do away with the asynchronicity at this point.
> It was originally included to cover for the possibility of a release
> failing. If we are releasing commits from the past after they have been
> tested, this should not be an issue anymore. If the docs generation were
> part of the synchronous release step, it would have direct access to the
> correct release notes without having to walk down the git history.
>
> However, I think it is more prudent to keep this change as a future step,
> after we're confident the new release scheme does indeed produce much more
> reliable "stable" releases.

New release process
===================

Just like releases are currently controlled mostly by detecting
changes to the `VERSION` file, the new process will be controlled by
detecting changes to a `LATEST` file. The format of that file would
include both the version string and the corresponding SHA.

Upon detecting a change to the `LATEST` file, CI would run the entire
release process, just like it does now with the VERSION file. The main
differences are:

1. Before running the release step, CI will checkout the commit
  specified in the LATEST file.
2. The `//:VERSION` Bazel rule will be replaced by a repository rule
  that gets the version to build from an environment variable, with a
  default of `0.0.0` to remain consistent with the current `daml-head`
  behaviour.

Some of the manual steps will need to be skipped for a snapshot release.
See amended `release/RELEASE.md` in this commit for details.

The main caveat of this approach is that the official release will be a
different binary from the corresponding snapshot. It will have been
built from the same source, but with a different version string. This is
somewhat mitigated by Bazel caching, meaning any build step that does
not depend on the version string should use the cache and produce
identical results. I do not think this can be avoided when our artifact
includes its own version number.

I must note, though, that while going through the changes required after
removing the `VERSION` file, I have been quite surprised at the sheer number of
jthings that actually depend on the SDK version number. I believe we should
look into reducing that over time.

CHANGELOG_BEGIN
CHANGELOG_END

---
## [newstools/2020-the-citizen](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-citizen)@[24f1c84684...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-citizen/commit/24f1c846845d7e2a75fe426a0c0c4625fa999ef6)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 13:53:35 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [citizen.co.za/news/opinion/opinion-columns/2242353/embracing-my-little-sisters-love-of-valentines-day/]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[740701f4a2...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/740701f4a2b9cbc2fb4c71a782fc09f30e5df8c2)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 14:35:00 by Marko Grdinić

"12:10pm. Yeah, there is a bunch there.

Also, Google has gone to full shit. It would not even give me the link to Genesis, I had to try Bing instead.

Ok...as I expected there is really a shitload to choose from, as would be expected from a popular language.

I just noticed that there is a book for .NET devs. That is what I need.

I've gotten 3 so far, I'll check them out later. Let me do the chores here.

12:45pm. Let me finally start. Let me try compiling that thing again.

12:50pm.

```
E:\Typescript\vscode>npm install -g gulp
npm ERR! code E429
npm ERR! 429 Too Many Requests - GET https://registry.npmjs.org/gulp

npm ERR! A complete log of this run can be found in:
npm ERR!     C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm-cache\_logs\2020-02-17T11_50_57_859Z-debug.log
```

Uhhh, what the hell? Let me try it again.

12:55pm. The same error. This is the first time I've run into an error like this. I'll assume the server is overburdened on the other side and try at some other time.

1:05pm. I've tried `yarn install` again and it is processing while I read the vscode source.

1:10pm. For whatever reason, this time `yarn install` ran to completion. Interesting.

1:15pm. I tried the build, but VS Code just crashed. Let me close this file and I will try it again.

1:25pm. Ok, the build succeeded, but I have no idea how to run this. Let me try the other option and if that fails I'll give up on this for the time being.

```
E:\Typescript\vscode/scripts/code.bat --no-cached-data
yarn run v1.22.0
$ node build/lib/electron
Downloading electron-v7.1.11-win32-x64.zip...
Downloaded electron-v7.1.11-win32-x64.zip
Done in 128.47s.
[13:28:44] Syncronizing built-in extensions...
[13:28:44] You can manage built-in extensions with the --builtin flag
[13:28:44] Downloading extension: ms-vscode.node-debug@1.43.0 ...
[13:28:44] Downloading extension: ms-vscode.node-debug2@1.42.1 ...
[13:28:44] Downloading extension: ms-vscode.references-view@0.0.47 ...
[13:28:44] Downloading extension: ms-vscode.js-debug-nightly@2020.2.1317 ...
[13:28:46] [marketplace] ms-vscode.node-debug ✔︎
[13:28:49] [marketplace] ms-vscode.references-view ✔︎
[13:28:50] [marketplace] ms-vscode.js-debug-nightly ✔︎
[13:28:52] [marketplace] ms-vscode.node-debug2 ✔︎

[Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open 'e:\Typescript\vscode\out\vs\code\electron-main\main.js'] {
  errno: -4058,
  code: 'ENOENT',
  syscall: 'open',
  path: 'e:\\Typescript\\vscode\\out\\vs\\code\\electron-main\\main.js',
  phase: 'loading',
  moduleId: 'vs/code/electron-main/main',
  neededBy: [ '===anonymous1===' ]
}
```

Yeah, this roughly par the course for compiling huge projects. I'd be more surprised if it actually worked without a hitch.

1:35pm. The book seems to be for ASP.NET devs and I do not even know what that is.

...

Ok...

I'll leave those threads alone for the time being. What I should be doing is studying pro plugins. F# ones or whatever else.

1:40pm. VS Code is way too big of a meal on my plate right now. That tutorial gave me a spark to try, but as expected, large projects are not ideal for this sort of thing.

1:45pm. Let me make up my mind to do this. Let me go after the F# LSP plugin. I need to see if I can at least get it to run. After that I'll look at the source for it.

...The extensions is installing at moment.

1:50pm. It sure is taking a while.

https://github.com/fsprojects/fsharp-language-server

Let me clone this thing while I wait.

```
e:\Typescript>git clone https://github.com/fsprojects/fsharp-language-server
Cloning into 'fsharp-language-server'...
remote: Enumerating objects: 17, done.
remote: Counting objects: 100% (17/17), done.
remote: Compressing objects: 100% (17/17), done.
remote: Total 3697 (delta 7), reused 2 (delta 0), pack-reused 3680
Receiving objects: 100% (3697/3697), 5.37 MiB | 258.00 KiB/s, done.
Resolving deltas: 100% (2220/2220), done.
```

This thing is no huge by any means. I can grook it with some study.

1:55pm. I have no idea what is going on. The plugin is not running, and the project I've downloaded is building forever.

You know what, let me take a bath here. I can't deal with this.

I want to get starting and the thing is just downloading stuff in the background.

2:50pm. I am back, and the stupid thing is still installing packages.

Ok, for the F# plugin some of the dependencies are broken and it is failing at downloading them.

For the VS Code plugin, I am not sure.

Let me remove the packages...

HtmlAgilityPack (1.8.4)
Fsharp.Core (4.7.0)
Fsharp.Compiler.Service (27.0.1)

...by hand, and I'll get the from Nuget manually.

Also, there is the Microsoft.NETCore.App (2.0.0) SDK that is missing.

I am not sure how I am supposed to get that one.

2:55pm. That seems to have worked. Now the packages are there. Let me try the build again.

Now the build passes. I've tried running it though and it seems to be looking for the wrong dlls.

```
Listening on stdin
Couldn't find FSharp.Core.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\2.1.15
Couldn't find System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\2.1.15
```

Why is it looking for a later version than the one referenced by the project?

3:05pm. I tried changing the .NET target to 2.1, decided to do a clean and it is taking forever again.

Holy shit!

Why is everything so buggy here! How much time is this going to make me waste!

```
Listening on stdin
Couldn't find FSharp.Core.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\2.1.15
Couldn't find System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\2.1.15
```

It seems on release it downloaded everything again, and I spotted it trying to get 2.1 in the status bar.

This is hell. I am in hell.

3:10pm. I am dying here.

3:15pm. I need an alternate plan. Since the wrapper is not that big, what I should do is write it again from scratch. Update it for the latest core version.

Actually, no. Let me start a fresh project, and I will go through the files and dependencies by hand one by one.

The whole thing is a wrapper over the F# compiler services, so this thing is exactly what I need to understand.

Let me also update VS. These issues might be fixed by going to a newer version.

It is 500mb. Agh...I should have switched to the fast connection.

```
let x = 2
let y = 3
let z : float = x + y
```

Oh, this works now that I point it at a .fsx file. It gives me a type error as one would expect.

3:20pm. Great, this is one thing down.

If I can understand all the aspects of the F# plugin I will have enough to make a Spiral one.

While VS is updating let me check out the TS books that I've gotten.

https://github.com/PacktPublishing/Hands-On-TypeScript-for-CSharp-and-.NET-Core-Developers

Here is the code for one of the books.

3:30pm. Ok, VS has finished updating, but the project is still giving me that strange error. Whatever. I will go through the entire project in depth over the next few days.

...I've just started chapter one of that book, and now that I've found the code bundle am considering going through chapter one at least.

...No, forget that.

Focus on the goal in front of you.

What I need to do here is go through the entire project file by file, studying it in depth. After that I'll have time to play with TS to my heart's content.

Let me try at least do a little today."

---
## [newstools/2020-vanguard-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-vanguard-nigeria)@[e3875debb2...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-vanguard-nigeria/commit/e3875debb2d5d930958e3846459a587cf9970550)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 16:54:38 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.vanguardngr.com/2020/02/nigerian-girls-dont-really-love-flowers-as-gifts-bukola-shittu/]

---
## [Robinson04/inoft_vocal_framework](https://github.com/Robinson04/inoft_vocal_framework)@[f9ba77b272...](https://github.com/Robinson04/inoft_vocal_framework/commit/f9ba77b2727ca2b534506ea0a5b967214a75243c)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 17:01:33 by Robinson04

Update 0.25 (Persistent/Session memory, StateHandlers, Fallbacks, Self non-static, and bonus)

New fonctionnalities :
Persistent/Session memory :
- New commands (in any RequestHandler, StateHandler or DefaultFallbackHandler) :
self.session_memorize; self.session_batch_memorize, self.session_remember, self.session_forget; self.persistent_memorize; self.persistent_batch_memorize; self.persistent_remember; self.persistent_forget; self.memorize_session_then_state; self.remember_session_then_state; self.forget_session_then_state (the then_state helpers for the persistent attributes are coming soon).

StateHandlers (InoftRequestHandler)
Example (because i'm not doing a docs in the updates history) :
class LaunchRequestHandler(InoftRequestHandler):
    def can_handle(self):
        return self.is_launch_request()

    def handle(self):
        self.say("Welcome !")
        self.memorize_session_then_state(LaunchStateHandler)
        return self.to_platform_dict()

class LaunchStateHandler(InoftStateHandler):
    def handle(self):
        if YesHandler(self).can_handle():
            self.say("The user said yes !")
            return self.to_platform_dict()

        elif NoHandler(self).can_handle():
            self.say("YOU SAID NO ?!")
            return self.to_platform_dict()

    def fallback(self):
        self.say("You can say Yes or No, and that's it. I will not reset the then_state when falling in the fallback function so that you can say something again.")
        return self.to_platform_dict()

DefaultFallbackHandler
The default fallback is overriden by the fallback if you are in a StateHandler, example of how to create the default fallback :
class DefaultFallback(InoftDefaultFallback):
    def handle(self):
        self.say("I got not idea what you want my dude ! Do you want some cookies ?")
        return self.to_platform_dict()

skill_builder = InoftSkill(db_table_name="my_table", db_region_name="eu-west-3")
skill_builder.set_default_fallback_handler(DefaultFallback)

Self non-static
In the last updates, all the fonctionnalities were accessed with an handler_input object that was passed to every function of every handler. The code was ugly. I had made the change from self to the handler_input because everything was accessed staticly, and i discovered that in aws lambda, statics variables are shared accross invocations of the lambda (which was an huge issue). I found another way of doing it, now all the fonctionnalities (when in an Handler class), should be accessed with the self keyword, and there is stricly no staticnes in all of that !

About the saving of persistent attributes.
As of right, every persistent attributes is saved in a aws dynamodb (there is only support for this client as of right now). So for example, with Google Assistant, you can keep the hand on your data, instead of Google being enable to take them away at any time. Now all that they have in their databases is an user_id saved in the user_storage field (for the saving of the persistent attributes on google assistant, i have taken inspiration from how the guys that made the jovo framework did it)

Bonus :
In the platforms_handlers folder, you might see that there is a new folder, called samsungbixby_v1, work in progress ;)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[dc0ca5e004...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/dc0ca5e004afef8610575c1079987e5ad470d3b7)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 17:05:51 by Marko Grdinić

"3:45pm.

```
let private isSeq(t: Type) =
    t.IsGenericType && t.GetGenericTypeDefinition() = typedefof<seq<_>>
let private implementsSeq(t: Type) =
    let is = t.GetInterfaces()
    Seq.exists isSeq is

let private isList(t: Type) =
    t.IsGenericType && t.GetGenericTypeDefinition() = typedefof<list<_>>

let private isMap(t: Type) =
    t.IsGenericType && t.GetGenericTypeDefinition() = typedefof<Map<_, _>>
```

It is really great that I have some experience with .NET metaprogramming, so I know what this is. That having said, I actually had not known about `typedefof`.

You learn something new every day it seems.

4:15pm. Done going through `Types.fs`. There is really a lot there. I am really confused as to what the serialization code is supposed to be for. Why is is serializing .NET types?

4:25pm. I am studying Tokenizer. I really have no clue why the wrapper is going through all these length.

But I'll know. Let me go through the rest of the files. Thankfully the library has plenty of tests. Studying those should be really instructive.

4:30pm. I really, really love how F# has clear cut ordering to modules. That really makes it much easier to go through projects.

4:40pm. Done with the Parser. At this point the tedium is starting to hit me.

5pm.

```
let private thenMap (f: 'A -> 'B) (result: Async<'A>): Async<'B> =
    async {
        let! a = result
        return f a
    }
```

...

```
let connect(serverFactory: ILanguageClient -> ILanguageServer, receive: BinaryReader, send: BinaryWriter) =
    let server = serverFactory(RealClient(send))
    let processRequest(request: Request): Async<string option> =
        match request with
        | Initialize(p) ->
            server.Initialize(p) |> thenMap serializeInitializeResult |> thenSome
        | WillSaveWaitUntilTextDocument(p) ->
            server.WillSaveWaitUntilTextDocument(p) |> thenMap serializeTextEditList |> thenSome
```

For a performance oriented implementation, this is the worst way of doing it.

Also I am wondering why the author is implementing his own message passing thing when F# already has a perfectly good `MailboxProcessor`.

5:20pm. Oh, this piece of crap. How do I run the tests via the IDE?

5:25pm. I so do not feel like messing with this right now.

I remember having difficulty with NUnit when I tried using it in the past too.

5:35pm. Ok, it works now. I have no idea why building everything failed to collect the tests last time. Maybe because I added the references last. So adding the parser tests which I'd missed triggered a rebuild of the entire project, which got me the tests.

Ok.

5:40pm. Gah, why is the thing so buggy. I erased the JSON tests file and it still does not register the change.

5:50pm. Ok, I figured it out. Including what all 3 of the packages do.

The adapter is needed to find the tests in the files, and the Test.Sdk is needed to actually run them. The whole thing goes by so fast, that I did not even notice the errors in the Output->Tests pane.

Isn't this great? Now I finally know how to use NUnit. Joy.

I had to comment out one of the tests as it was running forever, but the rest all pass.

Tomorrow, what I will do is go through them one by one by hand.

6pm. That will give me a feel for absolutely everything.

I still have no idea why JSON tuples have to be serialized to F# tuples and things of that sort, but hopefully that mystery will be revealed as I go along.

This is a great spot to call it a day.

Today I was focused for a bit at least. I am going to push through this eventually. On the other side, the completed Spiral is waiting for me."

---
## [prixt/soundsense-rs](https://github.com/prixt/soundsense-rs)@[77c5f51d35...](https://github.com/prixt/soundsense-rs/commit/77c5f51d3591673794b7e57cb2f2d2c9432c6d60)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 18:10:05 by unknown

improved line reading performance dramatically.

...By removing notify. It was completely unnecessary.
HOLY SHIT did I over complicate things. Past me was seriously stupid.
[ci-build]

---
## [nonrational/puma-dev](https://github.com/nonrational/puma-dev)@[d10298bb05...](https://github.com/nonrational/puma-dev/commit/d10298bb05361208687a90c4fd7ef1742b7215e9)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 22:24:18 by Alan Norton

full end-to-end test of puma-dev server via goroutine w/ testing acrobatics 🤸‍♂️

return cleanup function for defer
run `go main()`, but we get stuck at keychain unlock
assert that we're getting the wrong thing consistently
ok, it _sometimes_ works
make sure that we create working directory before using it
ensure that arguments are reset as expected
once we realize that we don't have a response, fail immediately
pull out running puma, wait 5s
prepare travis osx filesystem before running tests
whoops, missing an indent
aaaaand semicolons
slowly but surely
OMG SO CLOSE
let's try that
unlock that sucker
so sloooow
so frustrating!
skip TLS config if we're not interactive
whoops, forgot
just pregen the keys and drop them where they're suppsoed to be
try build matrix again
remove certificates after their generated
don't run interactive cert test unless you really mean it -- but it's still there
test osx interactive suite (prompts for keychain password)
now we have happy path tests, refactor. pull generate out of setup to test separately
now makecert is a separate method, call it outside the trust chain; delete the dummy cert
fix test for linux
make support directory if it doesn't exist, fail fast if can't write error (so trust path doesn't execute)
not using terminal anymore
link in rack app and assert that it responds as expected
install puma
bail if the directory you're trying to remove doesn't exist, check err for symlink
more robust wait for server
make sure timout is right
retry with count... dialtimeout should handle this...
address self-feedback

---
## [GNOME/gnome-shell](https://github.com/GNOME/gnome-shell)@[9d941f8202...](https://github.com/GNOME/gnome-shell/commit/9d941f8202125fa235c64f7bfb5277919bc7286e)
#### Monday 2020-02-17 22:27:35 by Florian Müllner

js: Don't use templates in files with translations

xgettext gained some support for template strings, and no longer
fails when encountering '/' somewhere between backticks.

Unfortunately its support is still buggy as hell, and it is now
silently dropping translatable strings, yay. I hate making the
code worse, but until xgettext really gets its shit together,
the only viable way forward seems to be to not use template
strings in any files listed in POTFILES.

https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-shell/merge_requests/1014

---

# [<](2020-02-16.md) 2020-02-17 [>](2020-02-18.md)

