# [<](2020-12-30.md) 2020-12-31 [>](2021-01-01.md)

2,067,860 events, 1,068,707 push events, 1,517,486 commit messages, 107,434,841 characters


## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[f2ffcd1037...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/f2ffcd10374140beef723315e7ceefbdf5e0c29b)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 00:05:17 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 12/31/2020 12:00:00 AM

 1. Added: Building a successful company is fucking hard
    (https://www.mistakesofambition.com/building-a-successful-company-is-hard/)
 2. Added: Leading someone with more years of experience than my age
    (https://danielrrojas.com/2020/12/27/leading-someone-with-more-years-of-experience-than-my-age/)
 3. Added: The cost and value of knowledge
    (https://blog.frankel.ch/the-cost-and-value-of-knowledge/)
 4. Added: Ben Wiser | Writing my first Gameboy Emulator
    (http://benwiser.com/blog/Writing-my-first-Gameboy-Emulator.html)
 5. Added: The Urgent vs. the Important
    (https://preslav.me/2020/12/29/the-urgent-vs-the-important/)
 6. Added: There Will Always Be Uncertainty - Anthony Diké
    (https://antdke.co/posts/uncertainty/)
 7. Added: Introducing Thrift VPN
    (https://ninad.pundaliks.in/blog/2020/12/thrift-vpn/)
 8. Added: Habit Tracker Bullet Journal For Roam Research [Guide] - Mike Giannulis Productivity Blog
    (https://mikegiannulis.com/habit-tracker-bullet-journal/)

Generation took: 00:04:52.2922505

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[d4bc8476e4...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/d4bc8476e492e02e3124a794aff394d7535afd36)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 03:14:26 by Jack Edge

Tweak mice eating cables and electrical immunity

:cl: coiax
tweak: Tom, the legendary prison mouse, no longer fears chewing
electrified wires.
/:cl:

If a mouse has the TRAIT_SHOCKIMMUNE trait, whether innately (like in
Tom's case), or if a scientist has installed shock proofing nanites in
the mouse, they will no longer die when chewing electrified wires.

It is sad discovering Tom dead at the hands of an electrified wire in
the brig, life in the brig is hard enough without the friendly mouse
companion. Also, it opens the possibility, however slim, of a horde of
electrically immune nanite mice terrorising the station.

---
## [DuldR/AppAcaJavascript](https://github.com/DuldR/AppAcaJavascript)@[439aab5623...](https://github.com/DuldR/AppAcaJavascript/commit/439aab56232df244fd4bcb0dbebc950d66b69953)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 05:33:11 by Garrett

It's so shitty holy god. YOu have to deinfe it as function before the stupid fuckign JS will take it ohm y fucking god.

---
## [KeinR/Danzun](https://github.com/KeinR/Danzun)@[c6f8ee08a2...](https://github.com/KeinR/Danzun/commit/c6f8ee08a224fed811e5bc6ce67706a69df8d475)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 06:13:52 by Orion Musselman

Wrote a bunch of docs.
I mean, what else do you want me to say? Oh I know...
Right, so:
game module docs are nearing completion.
Core is pretty done.
Found a few things that should be changed just from writing the docs and re-running my reasoning - you know the drill.
Wow, vim is amazing! I think I just found my new favorite text editor - say goodbye VSCode (fucking microfoft!)! (maybe, we'll see...)

---
## [Y2Nk4/Oblivion](https://github.com/Y2Nk4/Oblivion)@[3606f8ff95...](https://github.com/Y2Nk4/Oblivion/commit/3606f8ff95e451646f82059b1e0a7f6787b96791)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 09:15:58 by Y2Nk4

some updates in the last day of 2020

4:00 am, Dec 31th, 2020
Last day of 2020

Still can't believe it has been the last day of 2020, it's bad, it's really really bad. I thought I could hang out with my friends for this summer, thought I could go to travel a few places that I have already thought about for a long time, I thought I could drive a car throught the national parks, I thought I could fall in love with someone. I had thought about so many good things for the first year of the new decades. But it haven't. At the end, I am still the "loser" in the lives, sitting in the room for the most of this year, doing something that no one really likes. Sometimes you just can't find out the places in this world, questioning if your decisions are good or not.
For many times, I fell into the illusion that I am the center of the world, and for many times when that illusion breaks, it hurts a lot. After all, I am just nobody. And my life is just sitting somewhere for the most of the day, seeing friends leaving but cannot do anything, seeing people are having fun while locking myself in the room.

Those happy scenes from 2019 still pop up in my mind often, these scenes are warm, but also like a cold damn sword, stabbing into my heart. For the uncoutable times when I have this feeling, it just stucks in my mind, nowhere to tell, but just cry and hid into the deepest place in my mind.

For the upcoming 2021, I have no brave to ask for bless again. But I do hope you can take care yourself and be well in the future, no matter when you saw this message.

Sorry, but I just don't know whom I should tell these to.

---
## [MariaMod/Young-Maria](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria)@[b27a28e6c6...](https://github.com/MariaMod/Young-Maria/commit/b27a28e6c6492a92d3428064b4f203e4965b65bb)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 10:02:17 by MilkyNail (MariaMod)

Add files via upload

- Middlewared helped me with this update, and the first six lines belong to him. Including this one. He fixed kitchen errors (red lines)
- Cum now washes off when select "have a shower" after sleep
- Bugs in the parents' room were fixed
- Minor links bugs were fixed, too
- Tampons were removed from "dime time", remained only on pharmacy store
- Now, shower spy can join you, but only if you tease him(/her). 33% chance, no corruption or relationship check!
- Added a scene with a dog in the Park. When you are jogging, he may follow you (20% chance). And you can play with him:3
- Then, if bestiality is on, you can do NSFW stuff with him
You can now clean semen off your face when washing it in the bathroom or brushing your teeth. I'm deadly sorry, but this might crash the old saves
- Also, you can clean it off from your legs by using the toilet in the same bathroom
- Talking about the bathroom, now you don't get covered in cum after you have sex there
- Finally. Finally! You finally can go outside naked! You people asked me a million times, and here you go, perverts~ Happy New Year:3 There's just one scene yet (with a police officer, night and day gifs. 33% chance), but I already have some ideas. Oh, you need 90 points of corruption to go out like that. Yes, deal with it

---
## [MrFIVEfourONE/tooSchool4CoolQuiz](https://github.com/MrFIVEfourONE/tooSchool4CoolQuiz)@[7a23d126d5...](https://github.com/MrFIVEfourONE/tooSchool4CoolQuiz/commit/7a23d126d5e30b0b2b1b2b633329685688a21ec1)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 10:07:54 by MrFIVEfourONE

im done, i fixed some links and finished the css as much as i care to for a fake quiz that has been nothing but a pain in my ....life for the past 3weeks.... wish i had the ability to half ass things.

---
## [yogstation13/Yogstation](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation)@[34b9dc59e4...](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation/commit/34b9dc59e4af48e78d4112dcc4a4b4f0a5944e42)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 11:18:09 by alexkar598

Fixes donators not being able to use the donation tab because kmc is a shitty coder and oh my fucking god why are you so bad i hate this i hate savefiles who came up with the idea of savefiles theres like 30 migrations in them because WHY THE FUCK NOT hi dad hi mom (#10750)

* Reset donor hat and item because someone doesnt know how to code

* Part 2

* Update preferences_savefile.dm

---
## [shreyes5/socialnetwork](https://github.com/shreyes5/socialnetwork)@[362fb681ea...](https://github.com/shreyes5/socialnetwork/commit/362fb681ea332b3fc7fac9aa0b25b26d71af7a45)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 15:19:11 by Shreyes

Delete experience and education anduser account also learn to spell EDUCATION @shreyes5 you dumbass hope that this commit message does remind you about it ok pls fix it in the near future this commit was made on 31st December 2020 so pls you remember the mistake you have done you idiot

---
## [mitchblank/homebrew-core](https://github.com/mitchblank/homebrew-core)@[019806981e...](https://github.com/mitchblank/homebrew-core/commit/019806981edb0b6ce1d729080e479fa2b4f6f325)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 17:17:44 by Mitchell Blank Jr

libpano: hacks to build on Big Sur

As described in the comment, there is a long-standing issue with
libtiff and Security.framework defining types of the same name.  This
has been reported in multiple forms dating back to at least
  http://bugzilla.maptools.org/show_bug.cgi?id=2464
  https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core/issues/36035
And most recently I started a discussion as part of a related closed bug:
  https://gitlab.com/libtiff/libtiff/-/merge_requests/51#note_476410984

This is now biting libpano on Big Sur, apparently because some system
header is newly sucking in that Security.framework header.  As a
hopefully-temporary hack we can use the preprocessor to change that
symbol name (but only while processing libtiff headers)

The long-term fix will probably be for libtiff not avoid these common
names, but that discussion is ongoing.  This fixes a formula build
in the short/medium term.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[e49c0114b5...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e49c0114b59c716dae0caee9413364394312a7ff)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 18:02:08 by Marko Grdinić

"10:40am. I am up. Let me chill a bit. I am too groggy to start now. Maybe I will take it easy today. During the night I've been dwelling on failure.

I've done my best to be realistic - the conditions for Spiral are good, but I've been thinking what should my attitude be if my luck turns out to be bad. What if I trully am insane and my estimates turn out to all be delusions?

11am. I find these thoughts depressing, and I am dwelling upon my immaturity. That I would get depressed just because of this? It is really so pathetic to place my hopes in other people. In games, do I get invested in NPCs doing this or that?

Suppose I can't get it, so what?

Would I drop work on Spiral, and get a regular job? Of course not. Regardless of what happens, Spiral is a vital part of the Singularity run - without it I wouldn't be able to use the hardware when it comes out. I certainly cannot stop work on it. I can't stop doing what is important, for the sake of doing arbitrary tasks for random nobodies just because of money that I don't need.

I'd do it if I had actual need of money of course, but I don't. Nobody is really pushing me to get my hands on money other than myself. The circumstances don't require it.

So the fact that I keep following my path is benefit enough. That I cultivate my programming is the true merit of all of this.

Other people don't matter a fart, placing hopes in them can only hinder me.

I am lonely, but do I actually want to go out and spent time in the company of others? Hell no.

Programming is what should sustain me in all ways.

11:05am. One day, when the agents start showing sparks of life, programming will be more fulfilling.

My emotional control is poor, but my planning has been right.

11:10am. I am just human, I don't have the inspired desire yet. But now that I've been doing this without pause for 5.5 years, maybe it is time I make it my principle to accept labor as a virtue? So much what I desire is useless or has negative value to me, but labor, the thing I do not want is what is greatly beneficial.

So it is not wonder that I feel depressed about my own desires.

11:15am. It is fine. It is fine if I am a fool as long as I put in the work. As long I do not compromise on my goals.

11:20am. I feel like taking it easy today.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9epgZ-e6DUU
Cliff Click — The Sea of Nodes and the HotSpot JIT

I feel like watching a video or two by this guy.

11:30am. Let me start the video. So far I've been reading manga. The troublesome thing about doing this when the work is over is that I am usually so mentally exhausted that I can't enjoy it as much.

11:35am. Doing something other than the usual routine every once in a while is not bad. Later I will get back to the docs.

I've been thinking about the latest section I've been writing - it is too autistic. I gave it my best shot earlier, but did not have much inspiration then. Since then I've been trying to get to the root of things and have more inspiration.

11:55am. Let me try another talk. I am not that interested about the Java compiler.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ldNH1qc0XmE
Big Data with Cliff Click

12:10pm. Let me get breakfast while I watch this.

1:20pm. The talks by him are very technical, not really what I've been hoping for during my off time. Nevermind this.

Also, I am going to go crazy if I keep surfing /a/. Let me do some work here.

First come chores. Then I'll get to work on the docs.

That will get me into the right mindset. I'll am going to redo some of the latest parts as I am not happy with how it came out. I've been focusing too much on the quantity, and I should take some time to make the quality of it right.

1:40pm. Done with chores. I am completely serious about this, so I had to make some time to dwell on the failure. But doing it is exhausting and contining it further would be counter productive, so I'll stop. I'll go into the docs and negotiations after that assuming I will win.

As long as the conditions are good, keep pushing forward. That is the basis of speculation. Don't try to beat the market. Don't try to get rich. Just rid the wave. Keep the long term in mind.

1:45pm. Let me finally get back to the docs.

1:50pm. Now what I want to do is cut off everything that I've written so far in the bottom up segment.

I'll take a loss for about 400 lines written, but I want this part to be done better.

* Var injection in record with in the docs. `{a$k with ...}`

Ah, yes. I want to cover this part in records as well.

1:55pm. I feel a deep fatigue and disappointment, but amidst of it all there is a strong determination steadily burning. What is this fire, but the fire of life?

Whatever the future may be, the documentation for Spiral v2 will be finished. January of 2021 will not be the month where I falter.

2pm. I am going to do this next part with more care. Instead of pushing for 400 lines per day, a 100 of them carefully chosen would be preferable.

For the past 5.5 years, I've erred on the side of being crazy rather than being timid, but now that I am trying to put on my business face, I need to take special care to make my writing clear and understandable. These journal entries are one thing - I can stream my consciousness here as much as I want, but official Spiral docs are another. v0.09 docs were too half baked.

2:15pm. I am brainstorming how I am going to start the next section. Let me just the the var injection thing out of the way first.

2:20pm. Whops, I pushed the extension out too quickly yesterday. It is still opening the shell.

2:30pm.

```
inl main () =
    inl k, k' = .b, .w
    inl flip x = x = false
    inl x = {q = 1i32; w={a="asd"; b=true}}
    {x$k' with $k#=flip}
```

```
Error trace on line: 2, column: 9 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\compilation_tests\tutorial1\a.spir.
    inl k, k' = .b, .w
        ^
Error trace on line: 3, column: 5 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\compilation_tests\tutorial1\a.spir.
    inl flip x = x = false
    ^
Error trace on line: 4, column: 5 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\compilation_tests\tutorial1\a.spir.
    inl x = {q = 1i32; w={a="asd"; b=true}}
    ^
Error trace on line: 5, column: 5 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\compilation_tests\tutorial1\a.spir.
    {x$k' with $k#=flip}
    ^
Error trace on line: 3, column: 18 in module: c:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Spiral Compilation Tests\compilation_tests\tutorial1\a.spir.
    inl flip x = x = false
                 ^
Cannot apply a forall with a term.
```

Ah, whops.

2:30pm. I did the record example in the top down segment, right.

Did I cover without? Yes, I did thankfully.

2:35pm. Now let me turn my attention to the bottom up segment again.

///

From the perspective of the written code, the bottom-up segment generally means the code in `.spir` files and in the `real` bodies. From the perspective of compilation phases, the bottom-up segment happens during partial evaluation. Parsing and the type inference would all be a part of the top-down segment.

There have been a few examples in the previous section, and in this one the advanced use cases of the Spiral language will be covered and explained.

In the previous segment, most langauge features have been covered to a degree that is enough for casual use. There are some new things, but a proficient functional programmer could be expected to pick up Spiral in a few days and make headway in it. The language has eveything a functional programmer knows and loves: first class functions, pattern matching, records, tuples, unions, static typing and so on. Spiral support the low style functional programming as much as any language without dependent types.

The real reason to use Spiral though is its support for the staged functional programming style. This should be a novelty to almost everybody.

There is much to complain about the bottom-up segment, I've done as much in a few places earlier. It is a direct inheritance from the earlier version of Spiral where it was the only way to program. I was in love in love with it for a while, and then I dropped it in disgust, so you might thing I'd consider it a failure. But in fact it was a great success - Spiral v0.09 is a language I'd rate extremely highly on the expressiveness/performance scale. It gave me a new perspective on what both programming and functional programming is, and if I can be successful at sharing it you'll see that there is no reason to consider functional programming lesser than imperative when it comes to performance.

And as it turns out, the very same things that make the language performant are the ones which make it expressive.

///

The only part of this fragment that is not filler is the first paragraph, but starting out with it would set me out in the wrong direction. I made this mistake last time. I start by giving off an innacuous bit of info, but that locks the tone of the next 400 lines in place.

3:45pm. Had to take a little break. Let me resume. The flow feels right now in the Bottom-Up Segment.

5:05pm. I am really happy how the `Heap Allocation vs Code Size` section came out. I feel like the point gets across better now.

5:10pm. I'll have to rewrite the next half-complete section as well.

The entire bottom up segment I started off on the wrong foot it seems.

5:20pm. Now, I've started browing /g/. Well, I needed a short break.

5:25pm. Focus me, focus.

What should I do for the next section?

6:15pm. Done with lunch. Let me read Kengan Omega and then I'll get back to the docs.

6:35pm. Let me resume.

I should put in a bit more.

6:45pm. I am not getting much inspiration at this time, which is not surprising.

The switch to technical stuff is too abrupt. There is more to the story of Spiral than this.

6:50pm. I'll stop here for the day. At some point I am going to wake up before 10am and start putting in proper full day's work. The last few days have been awkward, but I can get back to my usual pace again. `typecase` has been reimplemented so I do not think I'll be running into any large compiler bugs again.

6:55pm. I've primed myself for to stay humble, so when it is time to move to the next part, I will perform at my utmost. Until then, I just have to focus on the docs. And that is what I will do."

---
## [ninekorn/Voxel-Triangle-Reducer-script](https://github.com/ninekorn/Voxel-Triangle-Reducer-script)@[f6ccd5e84f...](https://github.com/ninekorn/Voxel-Triangle-Reducer-script/commit/f6ccd5e84f1d91082b1f026053bdd3a36a41fa0a)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 22:38:55 by Steve

uploaded my 2018 script

both versions are the same thing and the 2020 script edited script i only removed the useless variables available in the editor but i left tons of commented useless code for my drafts. So using the settings of the unity3d inspector on the image of the readme file for the fake triangulator i have invented without using references, because i wanted to bang my head on scripting for minutes and hours and days trying to figure this shit out. It's probably the lamest of the lamest of the triangulators of them all, but i love the square and rectangular faces it gives and the highly reduced number of vertices and triangles on a simple minecraft chunk.

I haven't learned RayTracing/RayCasting rendering and how it works yet so i'm gonna still be using directX11 until i can no longer work in it and because of that, i have to stick to "less triangles/less vertices" to render. I know. it's lame but i don't care. why wouldn't i go and use the already provided triangulation techniques and shut the hell up? Well, i've worked a lot for this tiny little script, thinking and thinking and working so why wouldn't i be proud of releasing it if i figured out my own way of triangulating a chunk like i have? but i coded this script in september 2018... By now, theyre are probably even faster triangulators available everywhere... But in 2018, i couldn't find any that i wanted to use although a lot were working but none was using this type of fake triangulation. So i banged my head on walls of scripting errors, because even after having started scripting in 2016-2017, i still was very bad like all will see reading those old scripts. I couldn't achieve marching cubes yet and i wanted to increase the performance of an infinite minuscule chunk minecraft genre game. I thought those marching cubes and marching squares scripts were too hard to understand for me in 2018 and i wouldn't want to try marching cubes yet because of that. I couldn't find a triangulator like the one i wanted to build, so i decided to code it. Also back then i had read that using an underscore before variable names was a great idea... So i coded like that for a while, underscore with ALL of the TOTAL of my variable names. i read that it was a great idea somewhere on programming forums to underscore name variables. i don't script like that anymore.

sometimes, i don't clean my drafts and i don't care releasing my drafts on github. and for a fact, it's just more authentic, until i post all of my scripting
videos of hours and hours on twitch.tv where i was so lonely and without much views. But with tons of mp4 videos on how i code my stuff, if i would edit them and remove all of the crap i say when i script and program, maybe i could start and make a buck on youtube, otherwise without editing my videos they would be banned from youtube for swearing and being a complotists scenario inventor for video games scenarios and conspirationists scenario inventor for video games scenarios... Edited and my junk removed, maybe i would get paid for scripting hours and hours for useless scripts. It's a 2018 edition people. i don't use underscore of variable names anymore and in my next cleanup version, i will try and make this more performant.

thank you for reading me,
steve chassé

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[190f6a1892...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/190f6a189212430bede2c1d4e66757d3ca4a5ad9)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 23:05:46 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 12/31/2020 11:00:00 PM

 1. Added: Stay Caffeinated - v2 Updates to my HomeKit Thermostat
    (https://www.staycaffeinated.com/2020/12/31/thermostat-v2)
 2. Added: https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/Papers/ESLII.pdf
    (https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/Papers/ESLII.pdf)
 3. Added: Note to Self - How to Work
    (https://zephyrb.lu/work/)
 4. Added: Notes on technology in the 2020s
    (https://elidourado.com/blog/notes-on-technology-2020s/)
 5. Added: Survive America
    (https://writing.kemitchell.com/2020/12/30/Survive-America.html)
 6. Added: Shtetl-Optimized » Blog Archive » My vaccine crackpottery: a confession
    (https://www.scottaaronson.com/blog/?p=5224)
 7. Added: Obligatory "What I wish I knew about git" post · Peter Whittaker
    (https://peter-whittaker.com/obligatory-grokking-git-post)
 8. Added: 2020 sucked - A year-end wrap-up with Scott's Wife, Mo | Hanselminutes with Scott Hanselman
    (https://hanselminutes.simplecast.com/episodes/2020-sucked-a-year-end-wrap-up-with-scotts-wife-mo-0yvce_Kv)
 9. Added: Can you crack the code?
    (https://www.mrlee.dev/programming/can-you-crack-the-code/)

Generation took: 00:05:27.7733568
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---
## [HJfod/GDShare-DLL](https://github.com/HJfod/GDShare-DLL)@[617a6ec44d...](https://github.com/HJfod/GDShare-DLL/commit/617a6ec44d7994f28d986f2c3053d5833e212f0c)
#### Thursday 2020-12-31 23:14:59 by HJfod

wrote some absolutely fucking horrible code that adds buttons to gd. except that is absolutely bad. it randomly crashes half the time and it's not even portable in any way. it looks like shit and feels like shit to use. but i just cant do anything better, because i couldnt get better shit to work. i have suffered so much pain in the last 10 hours i've been trying to gobble this piece of shit code together, i feel like literally shaving off my balls with a knife would've been less painful than writing this dogshit.

---

# [<](2020-12-30.md) 2020-12-31 [>](2021-01-01.md)

