# [<](2020-02-02.md) 2020-02-03 [>](2020-02-04.md)

2,085,005 events, 1,047,679 push events, 1,647,172 commit messages, 126,113,988 characters


## [Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure](https://github.com/Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure)@[8ef0be86ca...](https://github.com/Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure/commit/8ef0be86cad165678ed936fc07b16806c1c31e55)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 04:25:53 by dorthu

+ Sunday Night Jam!?

That's right!  I'm off tomorrow (for my birthday, thanks Linode!) and so
we decided to do a _second game jam_ this weekend!  This time, I
split my time into two broad categories: items of interest, and quality
improvements.

Items of interest included looking into 2D lights (which can add some
pretty cool effects, and I'd like to use more of) - if you grab the
stool and put it in front of the fire, you can see the fire's flickering
as the feet case shadows on the floor.  It's really cool, even if
nobody's going to notice it right now.

Quality improvments were split between improving the code/project
quality (for instance refacotring all clickables to use the same method
of handling click events, making them more uniform across the board) to
making the game higher quality.  You now only get to interact with
select things before the backpack is collected, which effectively
prevents you from hoarding all the items at once and then doing
everything and "just winning" - the game now has to be explored in some
order (the above refactoring helped with this a lot too).

I'm going to put up another build shortly; I'm very happy with how this
is coming.  Sara's nearly done the bedroom, too, so I'm very excited to
see it with even more finished graphics.

---
## [Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO)@[81ae7d2bd7...](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO/commit/81ae7d2bd7f3e0048a2fc259f56f0a941e8de473)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 05:09:07 by ChrisANG

Sanity, Madness, and general Lovecraftian update

Android quest has
-More android variants
-Handling for the fact that, logically, a death ray would kill the parasite but not the non-living host.

Trephination kits in Caveman and Healer quests

Boxes full of crazy (daughters of Bedlam) in the Convict quest.

The Dark Pharaoh (Hmnyw-Pharaoh) and the Good Neighbor added as Nyar-spawners on the temple level.
-Good Neighbor buffs witches and curses the player.
-Nitocris/Dark Pharaoh interaction
--Nitocris's wrappings give nullmagic instead of antimagic
--If the Pharaoh is present, she can still cast
--If she loses her protection, the Paraoh will kill her
--When she dies, she instead turns into a Ghoul.
--Wrapped, living, and ghoul Nitocris have different spell lists
-Destroying one of Nyarlathotep's mask releases a more-terrible mask, as advertised.

Dolls
-Handling for Dolls dying instead of vanishing at low insight.
-Handling for Dolls comming back to life.

Bugfix: Demogorgon's paranoia shouldn't affect already-placed 'I's

Bugfix: Revise boots handling to work better.

---
## [Explorew/McTeam](https://github.com/Explorew/McTeam)@[5a9d0cbd3f...](https://github.com/Explorew/McTeam/commit/5a9d0cbd3fb4302f63d34a61216c26f5524e6493)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 06:19:47 by Philip Cai

Created README.md

I'm really glad you're here with me today getting this chance to just relax. I see you're always worrying about this or that, or stressing about a deadline. You're always so hard on yourself, so I'm happy to see you're taking a break. I'm glad you're also still taking the time to look back, even as you're still busy moving forward. Not everything is perfect here, but it's something beautiful, in a way. 
...
It was a golden time, wasn't it? We built this thing together. Things didn't go well, but we persevered. We fought and bit and clawed and powered through, and despite the stress and the frustration and the boredom and the soul-crushing challenges at every turn, we ended up with something not quite whole, but also something simple, passionate, and worth reflecting on.
...
Well, I'm sure you're busy, so I won't keep you any longer. Just don't forget me, okay? I'll always be here if you ever need someone to talk to.

---
## [DahNoob/nyp_fyp_yawvr](https://github.com/DahNoob/nyp_fyp_yawvr)@[93309af631...](https://github.com/DahNoob/nyp_fyp_yawvr/commit/93309af631dede5e103eff3d79c6efc0a91898e2)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 08:37:47 by dah@nyp

fucking finally implemetnted the new shitty fucking audio manager system, except its still stupid amyway

---
## [learnyst/pdf.js](https://github.com/learnyst/pdf.js)@[de36b2aaba...](https://github.com/learnyst/pdf.js/commit/de36b2aabab2b7fd647d9591f959c4540129541d)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 09:38:27 by Jonas Jenwald

Enable auto-formatting of the entire code-base using Prettier (issue 11444)

Note that Prettier, purposely, has only limited [configuration options](https://prettier.io/docs/en/options.html). The configuration file is based on [the one in `mozilla central`](https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/source/.prettierrc) with just a few additions (to avoid future breakage if the defaults ever changes).

Prettier is being used for a couple of reasons:

 - To be consistent with `mozilla-central`, where Prettier is already in use across the tree.

 - To ensure a *consistent* coding style everywhere, which is automatically enforced during linting (since Prettier is used as an ESLint plugin). This thus ends "all" formatting disussions once and for all, removing the need for review comments on most stylistic matters.

Many ESLint options are now redundant, and I've tried my best to remove all the now unnecessary options (but I may have missed some).
Note also that since Prettier considers the `printWidth` option as a guide, rather than a hard rule, this patch resorts to a small hack in the ESLint config to ensure that *comments* won't become too long.

*Please note:* This patch is generated automatically, by appending the `--fix` argument to the ESLint call used in the `gulp lint` task. It will thus require some additional clean-up, which will be done in a *separate* commit.

(On a more personal note, I'll readily admit that some of the changes Prettier makes are *extremely* ugly. However, in the name of consistency we'll probably have to live with that.)

---
## [CHEF-KOCH/GamingTweaks](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/GamingTweaks)@[86ce7916ef...](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/GamingTweaks/commit/86ce7916ef2574af581ddf287f0fbd2e6cebcc8e)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 13:03:31 by CHEF-KOCH

Gaming Hardware Buyer's Guide - GPU chart updated 

GPU chart updated for Febr. 2020.

Warning/Info:
GamersNexus (see here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwczmQNHVfo) says that the XFX Radeon RX 5700 XT THICCII is a "bullshit" card (design, cooler failures) however (do not quote me that I wrote bullshit, it's my interpretation of "a awful card), you can contact them to get a replacement for the "cooler problem". I linked to the Reddit thread on purpose, to get background information what happened and how to replace it. The card itself is for the price okay and the reason why it's still listed in the chart (until I found a better replacement)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f2661b4004...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f2661b4004235744e150bb5c75031e8b01faad84)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 13:20:50 by Marko Grdinić

"10:50am. Uf, I got up late. I might as well have breakfast now then.

11:50am. Done with that. I do not feel like chores straight away. I am still groggy, so let me slack just a bit.

11:55am. Just one ep of Railgun and then I will do the chores. After that comes the codegen.

12:25pm. Chores.

1pm. Now finally it is time to do some programming. I have 5 good hours ahead of me. Let me put them to good use.

Focus me, focus.

Just think...once I finish the codegen, and then get the language running, I will essentially have what I had back in 2018 except without any flaws. No more compilation performance issues.

That is something.

At that point should I want it, I could retrace my old steps and resume where I left off in 2018.

Except I want to go a lot further this time and I will.

It is time for mainstreaming of Spiral's features. I will give it a honest shot at showing the world its full potential. I won't stop at having it be a power tool for experts.

1:05pm. Everything. This time there will be no more compromises in the ability to reason. This time I will have everything.

The perfect language. The proper substrate. The needed algorithms.

The 20s are going to have my everything.

1:15pm. Yeah, my energy is low as I am dealing with the redesign bullshit instead of the kind of programming that I want. When I start working on typechecking, and later do the plugin, it will go up.

I was wrong in 2018. It is not my job to do ML at this stage. Rather I need to do basic research. That means finding the use for spiking nets and such. I won't get anywhere until I figure out the improved data structures that could be used in place of matrices of floats.

I will make it my principle to look for that. I won't move to doing real world ML until this has been done.

That will be one way to atone for my past misdeeds.

1:20pm. If I could just get a little bit more understanding, I could finish the deal myself without relying on the rest of the field so much.

The hints are already all there, just the program specifics are the ones which are being elusive.

1:25pm. I need to bear the burden of not knowing until it happens.

First of all, let me get the things out of the way. I do not want to spend any more time thinking about the partial evaluator or the codegen or whatever.

So let me get that finally out of the way so that I can start doing more important work.

1:30pm.

```
exception CodegenError of string
let raise_codegen_error x = raise (CodegenError x)
```

I do not require codegen errors anymore as I no longer have the danger of type spilling on the value level.

But I will leave it in just in case.

No need to get rid of this.

Now...

Yesterday I removed the printing of the join point cases. To start things off today I will put `RJPToStack` and `RJPToHeap` back in.

1:55pm.

```
        | TyLet(a,trace,x) ->
            try
                let vars = data_free_vars a |> tytags_comma d
                let print_let b = d.Statement(sprintf "let %s = %s" vars b)
                match x with
                | TyOp(RJPToStack,[|b|]) ->
                    match data_free_vars b with
                    | [||] -> "() // unit stack layout type"
                    | free_vars ->
                        let tag = d.types.Tag (data_to_ty a)
                        let b = tytags_comma' d free_vars
                        sprintf "SpiralType%i %s" tag b
                    |> print_let
                | TyOp(RJPToHeap,[|b|]) ->
                    match data_free_vars b with
                    | [||] -> "() // unit heap layout type"
                    | free_vars ->
                        free_vars
                        |> Array.mapi (fun i x -> sprintf "subvar_%i = %s" i (tytag' d x))
                        |> String.concat "; "
                        |> sprintf "{%s}"
                    |> print_let
                | TyOp(RJPToNone,[|b|]) ->
                    match b with
                    | TyV(T(tag,RJPT(_,b))) ->
                        rdata_free_vars b
                        |> Array.map (fun (tag',_) -> sprintf "var_%i.subvar_%i" tag tag')
                        |> String.concat ", "
                        |> print_let
                    | _ -> failwith "impossible"
                | TyJoinPoint _ | TyOp _ -> print_let (op d x)
                | _ -> d.Statement(sprintf "let %s =" vars); op d.Indent x |> ignore
            with :? CodegenError as x -> raise (CodegenErrorWithPos(trace,x.Data0))
        | TyLocalReturnOp(trace,x) ->
            try match op d x with null -> () | x -> d.Statement(x)
            with :? CodegenError as x -> raise (CodegenErrorWithPos(trace,x.Data0))
        | TyLocalReturnData(x,trace) ->
            try d.Statement(typed_data d x)
            with :? CodegenError as x -> raise (CodegenErrorWithPos(trace,x.Data0))
```

I am starting to get the feel back. I've realized that the stack does in fact need the return type in the option after all.

Because otherwise if it is not a part of the let statement it will fail. Whops.

I definitely botched that one.

...Ok, let me go back to the partial evaluator...

2:05pm.

```
let rjp_to_some layout dict (d: LangEnv) = function
    | TyV(T(_,RJPT(t,l))) as x when t = layout -> x
    | x ->
        let x = rjp_to_none d x
        let op = match layout with RJPStack -> RJPToStack | RJPHeap -> RJPToHeap
        let key = op,[|x|]
        match cse_tryfind d key with
        | Some x -> x
        | None ->
            let ret = ty_to_data d.i (RJPT(layout,data_to_rdata dict x))
            d.seq.Add(TyLet(ret,d.trace,TyOp(op,[|x;ret|])))
            cse_add d key ret
            ret
```

Let me do this shit.

Now...

```
        | RJPToStack, [|b;a|] ->
            match data_free_vars b with
            | [||] -> "() // unit stack layout type"
            | free_vars ->
                let tag = d.types.Tag (data_to_ty a)
                let b = tytags_comma' d free_vars
                sprintf "SpiralType%i %s" tag b
        | RJPToHeap,[|b;a|] ->
            match data_free_vars b with
            | [||] -> "() // unit heap layout type"
            | free_vars ->
                free_vars
                |> Array.mapi (fun i x -> sprintf "subvar_%i = %s" i (tytag' d x))
                |> String.concat "; "
                |> sprintf "{%s}"
        | RJPToNone,[|b|] ->
            match b with
            | TyV(T(tag,RJPT(_,b))) ->
                rdata_free_vars b
                |> Array.map (fun (tag',_) -> sprintf "var_%i.subvar_%i" tag tag')
                |> String.concat ", "
            | _ -> failwith "impossible"
```

Plugged it in. Great.

2:10pm. Since I haven't done it yet, let me commit here.

What comes next is the last bit of the codegen.

But besides that, what is really troubling me is that in the previous version of Spiral I had that thing where I convert unit types to `TyT`s.

Now I do not have that anymore, so things are more complicated. I need to that bit of reasoning from the ground up.

But first let me get rid of the red.

2:20pm. Focus me, focus."

---
## [balgan/talks](https://github.com/balgan/talks)@[a34ec15fd8...](https://github.com/balgan/talks/commit/a34ec15fd86039f0705f8688d777bee5dd346078)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 15:42:32 by Tiago Henriques

Tiago Henriques - Talk

{{ Startups are hard, I can't wait to do it again }}
=================================================

* Speaker   : {{ Tiago Henriques }}
* Available : {{ All days after 11am }}
* Length    : {{ 60 minutes }}
* Language  : {{ English }}

Description
-----------

{{ 5 years ago, I opened my own startup. In a country where I didn't
speak any of the native languages, without having ever gone to business
school, without understanding what is needed to create a company. This
talk is about how an idea that started as a group of friends doing
research for fun and an event much like this one that we find ourselves
in today, that turned into a startup that later got acquired, our ups
and downs, the things I did wrong and right. }}

Speaker Bio
-----------

{{ My name is Tiago Henriques, I was the ex-CEO of BinaryEdge up until a
few months when it got acquired by Coalition, a cyber insurer. I love
all things security, data and how I can make insurance better using both
of those. }}

Links
-----

* Blog: {{ https://blog.binaryedge.io }}
* Company: {{ https://binaryedge.io }}
* GitHub: {{ https://github.com/balgan }}
* Photo: {{ https://example.com/me.jpg }} — a picture of yourself for
the speakers page }}

Extra Information
-----------------

{{ To learn a bit of background information feel free to check:
https://blog.binaryedge.io/2020/01/22/binaryedge-coalition/ }}

---
## [CHEF-KOCH/nVidia-modded-Inf](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/nVidia-modded-Inf)@[2ee5cf9cfc...](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/nVidia-modded-Inf/commit/2ee5cf9cfcf745627137be89ad66452c4af64f98)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 16:57:55 by CHEF-KOCH

442.19 branch added

Fixes and Updates:
-[The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine]: The game may crash when a user reaches a specific cut scene. [2726931]
-[Maxwell GPUs][OpenCL]: SETI@Home shows driver TDR occuring on Maxwell GPUs using OpenCL. [2739609]
-[Call of Duty Modern Warfare]: Streaming of gameplay using OBS will randomly stop. [2743477]
-[Battleye][Low-Latency Mode]: Launching Battleye with NVIDIA Low Latency Mode set to Ultra may cause DWM to reset. [2775906]
-[SLI+G-SYNC Stutter]: User may experience minor stuttering when using NVIDIA SLI in combination with G-SYNC. [2778783]
-[Doom (2016)]: The game crashes when launched on GeForce 600/700 series (Kepler) GPUs [2791124]
-[NVENC]: Memory leak occurs. [2805384]
-[Multiple Apps][SLI][G-SYNC]: Stuttering and drop in frame rate occurs during gameplay with SLI and G-SYNC enabled [200566678]

Open Issues:
-[Mortal Kombat]: The game may randomly crash to the desktop without error [2813996]
-[Zombie Army: Dead War 4][Ansel/Freestyle]: The Ansel & Freestyle tabs are unselectable [2810884]
-[Zombie Army: Dead War 4][Vulkan][HDR]:Corrupted flickering occurs when in-game HDR is enabled. [200585136] To work around, either disable HDR or use DirectX 12 mode.
-[Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege][Vulkan][G-SYNC]: When playing the game in Vulkan mode with G-SYNC enabled, flickering occurs after switching the game between full-screen and windowed mode.[200578641] To work around, either disable G-SYNC or play using an API other than Vulkan.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[3d05c963f4...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3d05c963f41cfa909a3121513431ddbb4715f1b3)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 17:35:26 by Marko Grdinić

"5:25pm. Let me give it a shot. At least, let me sketch it out today.

```
let compile_module (m: SpiralModule) =
    match parse m with
    | Ok x -> failwith ""
    | Error er -> failwith ""
```

```
let prepass (var_positions : Dictionary<string,ParserCombinators.PosKey>) (keywords : KeywordEnv) (t_glob : Map<string,TExpr>) (v_glob : Map<string,Expr>) x =
```

Running parse is easy enough, but for starters, I am going to have to pass var_positions as an argument.

```
type CompilationEnv = {
    var_positions : Dictionary<string,ParserCombinators.PosKey>
    keywords : KeywordEnv
    types : Map<string,TExpr>
    values : Map<string,Expr>
    }

let compile_module (d : CompilationEnv) (x : SpiralModule) =
    match parse x with
    | Ok x -> failwith ""
    | Error er -> failwith ""
```

Let me go with this for the time being.

Let me modify the parse so that I am passing keywords as an argument.

5:35pm.

```
let compile_module (d : CompilationEnv) (x : SpiralModule) =
    match parse d.var_positions x with
    | Ok x ->
        let x = prepass d.var_positions d.keywords d.types d.values x
```

Agghhhhh....

I've been thinking about this for a while, but the way keywords work right now is simply problematic. They are going to get in the way later on...

But forget that. When the time comes to do caching, I will do what is needed.

For now being in this half baked state is fine.

5:45pm.

```
let compile_module (d : CompilationEnv) (x : SpiralModule) =
    match parse d.var_positions x with
    | Ok x ->
        match prepass d.var_positions d.keywords d.types d.values x with
        | Ok(t,v) -> t,v
        | Error er -> failwith er
    | Error er -> failwith er
```

As little as this is, it is in fact enough as a starter. I am not really sure how I want to handle errors at this moment.

Let me make the plural of this.

```
match parse d.var_positions x with
```

Oh yes, rather than doing var positions like this, I can just throw away the dictionary when I am done.

6pm.

```
type CompilationEnv = {
    keywords : KeywordEnv
    types : Map<string,TExpr>
    values : Map<string,Expr>
    }

let module' (d : CompilationEnv) (x : SpiralModule) =
    match parse x with
    | Ok(var_positions,x) ->
        match prepass var_positions d.keywords d.types d.values x with
        | Ok(t,v) -> {d with types=t; values=v}
        | Error er -> failwith er
    | Error er -> failwith er

let modules (d : CompilationEnv) (x : SpiralModule) =
    let m = Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
    let rec f (d : CompilationEnv) (x : SpiralModule) =
        memoize m (fun _ -> module' (List.fold f d x.prerequisites) x) x

    f d x

let compile d x =
    let d = modules d x
    match d.values.[x.name].["main"] with
    | Raw
```

Ah, whoops. I know why I am confused.

Er, I need to think how to exactly extend them.

6pm. Right now I am just extending the globals straightforwardly. But there is a difference between globals and modules specifically.

6:10pm. I'll need to modify the prepass, but I definitely do not feel like doing it now.

It is past the 6pm mark and the day is done as per my stress relieving rules. I am definitely going to get the language to compile for the first time tomorrow.

It has been a long journey hasn't it? I suffered quite a bit to get this out of me.

And yet, things are just starting for the new Spiral.

I will never forget the lesson of needing to be patient.

I said that I lost to nature, but that is not exactly true.

Even nature did it by starting with an embryonic nervous system and working from there.

GPUs are a red herring, the hardware that I really need is yet to arrive. In fact for doing RL, GPUs might even be a negative.

I am arrogant and naive.

How could I forget that it would have been impossible for me to learn programming without computers? It would have been impossible for me to learn functional programming without F#. Type theory without Coq.

The path towards the Singularity follows a long trail of evolution.

6:20pm. I was arrogant while writing Simulacrum. The self insert is not going to start the Singularity right away after getting that chip from Intel. Rather, that is when the research will really start.

Before anything else, the absolute main thing to replicate would be that embryonic nervous system.

It is the very first step that is the most important. It is something deep learning hasn't succeeded in doing yet.

This is something that is very primordial to the cause. Even before insect brains, a victory here will mark the true start of the race. Actually having insect tier intelligence pretty much means that the Singularity is imminent. It is not really a low bar compared to the human brain like that one neurochip professor implied.

6:25pm. I have to work hard, so that when things get hot, I am ready.

6:30pm. Tensorflow, PyTorch...is wringing out some NN model using frameworks such as those the way AI research should be conducted. Should it not be something more? Shouldn't be making models be more like working on a language?

So far programming skill really has not played into this whole thing.

I'd really preferred it if programming lifelike agents was really about composing primitives. I would like it if it was more like actual engineering.

If the base step of creating the Embryonic Nervous System can be done, then it might be possible to achieve that."

---
## [elbeardmorez/challenge-x](https://github.com/elbeardmorez/challenge-x)@[9f16c23a94...](https://github.com/elbeardmorez/challenge-x/commit/9f16c23a94f82f22a3431ea7d4539e2e8b078ec5)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 18:31:15 by Pete Beardmore

[add] hackerrank, 'the love-letter mystery', c++ port

---
## [hinduvanshi/Codeforces](https://github.com/hinduvanshi/Codeforces)@[3fff23aa49...](https://github.com/hinduvanshi/Codeforces/commit/3fff23aa49b0f4e106202a7888c0d58b5d3fb9ad)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 18:56:45 by Himanshu maurya

Young Physicist

A guy named Vasya attends the final grade of a high school. One day Vasya decided to watch a match of his favorite hockey team. And, as the boy loves hockey very much, even more than physics, he forgot to do the homework. Specifically, he forgot to complete his physics tasks. Next day the teacher got very angry at Vasya and decided to teach him a lesson. He gave the lazy student a seemingly easy task: You are given an idle body in space and the forces that affect it. The body can be considered as a material point with coordinates (0; 0; 0). Vasya had only to answer whether it is in equilibrium. "Piece of cake" — thought Vasya, we need only to check if the sum of all vectors is equal to 0. So, Vasya began to solve the problem. But later it turned out that there can be lots and lots of these forces, and Vasya can not cope without your help. Help him. Write a program that determines whether a body is idle or is moving by the given vectors of forces.

Input
The first line contains a positive integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100), then follow n lines containing three integers each: the xi coordinate, the yi coordinate and the zi coordinate of the force vector, applied to the body ( - 100 ≤ xi, yi, zi ≤ 100).

Output
Print the word "YES" if the body is in equilibrium, or the word "NO" if it is not.

---
## [Ginoshie/Digivolutiontool_WindowsForms](https://github.com/Ginoshie/Digivolutiontool_WindowsForms)@[ee655aa8dd...](https://github.com/Ginoshie/Digivolutiontool_WindowsForms/commit/ee655aa8dd362995c99bc75aa1541c14a1c3ec7b)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 19:59:37 by Ginoshie

The in-training to rookie evolution is now coverd by a regression test.

Fix a few bugs.

Renamed criteria to criterion when refering to a single criterion.

Added two objects to bundle the stats of the user digimon into main or bonus criteria. This allows the use of more specific input parameters.

Moved a couple of methods from the Determinator to the relevant toolboxes to create a more layered structure

Last but not leaste, became freaking happy about this amazing progress! Love it! :D

---
## [hotavocado/HBN_EMA_NIMH2](https://github.com/hotavocado/HBN_EMA_NIMH2)@[70f0cf110e...](https://github.com/hotavocado/HBN_EMA_NIMH2/commit/70f0cf110e5a69b8098fc16cf9b8ba444b56e1e7)
#### Monday 2020-02-03 20:59:02 by Mike Xiao

Update v0.9 (change some icons)

Updated some icons:
1. Internet_ev2 replace social media icon
2. Prequestion1a replace snapchat icon
3. Context4, Context5, Daily1a: replace friend icon
4. Context6, Context7, Event1:  replace eating, sports, traveling icons
5. Event1 replace exercise icon
6. Intake2 replace small meals icon
7. Daily9 replace allergy icon
8. Headache1o replace yes option
9. Headache1m replace blurry icon
10. Pain1a, replace stomach and back/neck icon
11. Mood6 replace low battery
12. update version number to v0.9

---

# [<](2020-02-02.md) 2020-02-03 [>](2020-02-04.md)

