# [<](2020-01-14.md) 2020-01-15 [>](2020-01-16.md)

2,107,935 events, 1,041,055 push events, 1,666,603 commit messages, 129,002,026 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[747546c565...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/747546c565769c8c0be5aff059be6408ff54d912)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 01:52:04 by Rob Bailey

SEVERAL mask sprite fixes (#48744)

* society moment

god im so funny

* do you apes not know what consistency means?

seriously who the fuck made these sprites

---
## [TheEvilSkeleton/vkBasalt](https://github.com/TheEvilSkeleton/vkBasalt)@[67eca40eee...](https://github.com/TheEvilSkeleton/vkBasalt/commit/67eca40eeef867ffe92f663205fcb641a7a97ede)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 02:35:40 by TheMainOne

Update README.md

- Changed yum to dnf, because yum fucking sucks
- Added a little tip to accelerate build process
- Added a Previews section with a YouTube video
- Added Lutris section
- Modified Steam section
- Changed most of the README to make it more user-friendly and easier to read in general

---
## [ilai-deutel/mypy](https://github.com/ilai-deutel/mypy)@[47bafd63d8...](https://github.com/ilai-deutel/mypy/commit/47bafd63d8087687d717e41202d15b569188c7f9)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 06:17:58 by Ivan Levkivskyi

Start using TypeAliasType in the semantic analyzer (#7923)

This PR starts using the new `TypeAliasType` in the semantic analyzer. This PR doesn't yet pulls the trigger to enable the recursive types, but it is now essentially one line of code away. This PR:
* Makes type analyzer return a `TypeAliasType` instead of eagerly expanding the alias target.
* Refactors `TypeAliasExpr` to refer to `TypeAlias` (sorry for the noise).
* Makes few minor fixes to make all existing tests pass.
* Adds few logistic changes around `get_proper_type()` I found necessary while playing with actual recursive types over the weekend.

Here are some strategical comments:
* Taking into account how easy it was to make all existing tests pass, I don't think it is necessary to introduce a hidden option flag that would eagerly expand all type aliases after semantic analyzis.
It would probably make sense to test this well locally before a public release.
* There is a special case for no arguments generic aliases. Currently one is allowed to write `L = List; x: L[int]`, I preserve this by using eager expansion in this special case, otherwise it would complicate the whole logic significantly. This is also mostly a legacy thing because we have built-in aliases like `List = list` magically added by semantic analyzer.
* I have found that just carelessly sprinkling `get_proper_type()` is not a best strategy. It saves all the existing special-casing but also introduces a risk for infinite recursion. In particular, "type ops tangle" should ideally always pass on the original alias type. Unfortunately, there is no way to fix/enforce this (without having some severe performance impact). Note it is mostly fine to "carelessly" use `get_proper_type()` in the "front end" (like `checker.py`, `checkexpr.py`, `checkmember.py` etc).

Here is my plan for the next five PRs:
1. I am going to try merging `SubtypeVisitor` and `ProperSubtypeVisitor`, there is very large amount of code duplication (there is already an issue for this).
2. I am going to try to get rid of `sametypes.py` (I am going to open a new issue, see my arguments there).
3. I am going to enable the recursive aliases and add sufficiently many tests to be sure we are safe about infinite recursion in type ops.
4. I am going to change how named tuples and typed dicts are represented internally, currently they are stored as `TypeInfo`s, but will be stored as `TypeAlias`. Essentially there will be almost no difference between `A = Tuple[int, int]` and `A = NamedTuple('A', [('x', int), ('y', int)])`. This will allow typed dicts and named tuple participate in recursive types.
5. I am going to switch from using unbound type variables to bound type variables for generic type aliases, since now they are almost identical to `TypeInfo`s so it IMO it really makes sense to make them uniform (and avoid confusions and code duplication in future).
5a. Potentially as a follow-up I may add support for generic named tuples and typed dicts, since steps 4 plus 5 will make this almost trivial.

There is another important thing to call out, previously unions never contained another unions as items (because constructor flattened them), and some code might implicitly rely on this. IMO we should probably update these places, since maintaining this guarantee may be painful.

Yet another important thing is that this may break many plugins, so we need to announce this in #6617 when will merge this.

---
## [Exaxxion/Omnifactory](https://github.com/Exaxxion/Omnifactory)@[cf566655fc...](https://github.com/Exaxxion/Omnifactory/commit/cf566655fc80a869801313c333b33b69e620e774)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 06:39:02 by Exa

Adding scripts from my collected fixes zip. The following is a changelog copied verbatim from the latest zip, but I have not included any of the jars with backported fixes.

2019-10-04 Changes:
    - Completely reworked the recipe NBT for energy cells and portable tanks.
        + Can now craft all recipes with portable tanks as an ingredient
          without having to place and break them.

        + Should now be possible to auto-craft a creative cell from scratch
          using JEI-filled patterns.
            - Just be careful not to charge the cells... If you do you'll
              need to NBTEdit the "Energy" tag off.

    - Fixed the NBT needed for the Vibrant Capacitor bank ingredient of the
      basic energy cell frame

    - Added an electrolyzer recipe for Magnesium Chloride, which is how it's
      actually processed.

    - Shapeless recipes to convert mob-dropped TE items into GT equivalents,
      courtesy of Grom PE.

    - Enabled recipes for Air Collectors though LuV (as high as it goes).
      + the higher tier ones are called "Atmosphere Collector"

2019-09-18 Changes:
    - Uncapped tiers of Fluid Canning Machines and Canning Machines (previously
      maxed at EV)

    - Restore Mote of Omnium -> Nugget implosion compressor recipe
      inadvertently disabled last time

    - Correct fix for 4x CEF IV recipe (thanks Briarsnarl for pointing this out)

2019-09-16 Changes:
    - Hot Draconium Ingots now have an ore dictionary entry!
      Now you can use ore dictionary filters for hot ingots like you'd expect.

    - Fixed the recipe collision for U235 clumps and conformed the recipes
      for U235 ingots/blocks to be consistent with U238

    - Assembler recipes for steel and titanium gear boxes now provide the
      correct number of outputs (3, same as hand tool recipe)

    - Fixed the file name for Enderium Heavy Plating's texture so it works on
      systems that are case-sensitive instead of being a pink square.

    - Commented out some broken recipes which cause errors to appear in the log.
      These have never worked so you aren't gonna be missing anything.

2019-09-15 Changes:

    - Backported Blood-Asp's fixes for Fusion Reactors in Shadows of Greg to
      our pack version, v2.8.0.
        + Note: recipe starting power is 100x the original in Omnifactory, but
          hatches also provide 100x as well. These are intended values.

    - GTCE Bugfix Roundup (all cherrypicked from official github):
        + assembler programmable circuit lag / inputs dirty after craft
        + fix log spam from recipe validation (e.g. multismelter)
        + sodium hydroxide from sodium and water recipe fix
        + quantum chest automation bugfixes (works with AE now)
        + pipe breaking random crash fix
        + turbines getting borked by ghost blocks like feral flare lantern
        + worldgen blockstate nullpointer crash fix
        + disable GT pump pipe rendering (idk if we have GT pumps in the pack
          but this is a small performance bugfix that was easy enough to
          include lol)
        + "fix getting wrong crushed ore variant when washing it" look at
          https://github.com/GregTechCE/GregTech/issues/880 for more info

    - Fixed Oxygen Vent, CO2 scrubber, and Carbon Collection Cartridge recipes
      so you can breathe on space stations

    - Fixed recipe for IV CEF 4x using a random vibrant conduit instead of all
      lumium ones

Older Changes:

Various proto-1.3 fixes uploaded to discord/github by pack Moderators

    - Molten Empowered Void Crystal fluid and Fluid Extractor recipe;
      solidifier recipes for block and gear.
    - Mote of Omnium solidifier recipe from liquid omnium
        ~ thank you Jimmy!

    - Crafting Core upgrade/replacement for Empowerer
        ~ thank you Vyraal!

Custom Fixes:
    - Re-Enable HV distillery

    - gtadditions.cfg tweaked to re-enable higher tiers of machines in the pack
      like Chemical Baths through UV

    - Language file for en_us locale that assigns the display name for
      Molten Empowered Void Crystal fluid

    - GTCE 1.8.4-Exa patched jar
        + backports official fixes from GTCE for Robot Arms and Machine Covers
          losing configuration on world reloads
        + otherwise identical to 1.8.4 to avoid breaking things in the pack

    - CT Script that adds various recipes that were missing:
        + lathe recipe for Titanium Long Rod
        + assembler recipes for Heavy Weighted Pressure Plates, Cauldrons, and
          Assembly Line Casings
        + compressor recipes for HSS-G/E/S plates

---
## [sonj2/restoration-mod](https://github.com/sonj2/restoration-mod)@[9d634151f9...](https://github.com/sonj2/restoration-mod/commit/9d634151f91b43e04393a3d4dda9a8caacb13728)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 07:11:46 by EvilBobarino

temporary(?) revert to loud suit viewmodel

god this new system fuckign SUCKS
loud suit viewmodel reverted to the pre wrists one

---
## [hanzohasashi33/Competetive_programming](https://github.com/hanzohasashi33/Competetive_programming)@[97cced837d...](https://github.com/hanzohasashi33/Competetive_programming/commit/97cced837d29a0583296771f0e040915a2a1878b)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 09:35:41 by Prasanna Venkatesh

Create dynamo.py

This is an interactive problem.

An N-perfect number is defined as a positive integer with at most N digits (in decimal representation without leading zeros) ― that is, X is an N-perfect number if 0<X<10N.

Chef has a friend named Dynamo, who is a legendary magician. Chef learned a new magic trick from him and now, he wants to impress his friend Cheffa by showing her the trick:

First, Cheffa should choose a positive integer N and tell it to Chef.
Then, Cheffa should choose an N-perfect number A and tell it to Chef, who should then choose a positive integer S and tell it to Cheffa.
Then, Cheffa and Chef should alternately tell each other four N-perfect numbers B, C, D and E (in this order). Cheffa chooses B and D, while Chef chooses C and E.
Cheffa will be really impressed if S turns out to be equal to A+B+C+D+E. Otherwise, Cheffa will be angry that Chef was wasting her time with a failed magic trick.
Since Chef is busy in the kitchen, you should perform the magic trick for him and impress Cheffa. The grader is acting as Cheffa and it is trying to make the magic trick fail.

---
## [AniMerrill/GodotWildJam17](https://github.com/AniMerrill/GodotWildJam17)@[45dd38c7b4...](https://github.com/AniMerrill/GodotWildJam17/commit/45dd38c7b445ebbf9b43c58b6f31d65601ec8e92)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 10:34:21 by AniMerrill

Popup Graphics for Terminal Puzzle

holy fucking shit this update

---
## [Surajnathan/official_devices](https://github.com/Surajnathan/official_devices)@[0ec069f13c...](https://github.com/Surajnathan/official_devices/commit/0ec069f13cd02ab4ae9af8c37e1d5b2a35c09083)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 12:47:36 by Surajnathan

@Dyneteve Love You Prostitute

@Dyneteve Sell your prostitute mom to market, you can buy lots of money with that money. no need to beg with Pixel Experience. And Suck @shreejoy poop to taste his tasty pooop

---
## [Surajnathan/official_devices](https://github.com/Surajnathan/official_devices)@[1c8664b887...](https://github.com/Surajnathan/official_devices/commit/1c8664b887849d193d2625fb9e695ae57bf0c43d)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 12:48:07 by Surajnathan

@Dyneteve Love You Prostitute

@Dyneteve Sell your prostitute mom to market, you can buy lots of phone with that money. no need to beg with Pixel Experience. And Suck @shreejoy poop to taste his tasty pooop

---
## [toth-Daniel/WPFMediaPlayer](https://github.com/toth-Daniel/WPFMediaPlayer)@[52f5c7e4a4...](https://github.com/toth-Daniel/WPFMediaPlayer/commit/52f5c7e4a402216c3c4ed7d0adc9842939e1b215)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 12:51:55 by Tóth Dániel

fuck you, next and previous now almost fully functional

---
## [ixm-one/ixm](https://github.com/ixm-one/ixm)@[fbcfb1011a...](https://github.com/ixm-one/ixm/commit/fbcfb1011af39a3449f2a9c0db0dab72f5df72a5)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 13:04:23 by Isabella Muerte

♻ Refactor Blueprints/Coven/Project to be more correct

There's still a few things left to do.

For starters, we need to rename this file to Targets.cmake. This only
creates the targets, sets up the initial settings, and then finishes.
This isn't project wide for the initialization, and some additional
things like installing, setting components, etc. are needed.

Additionally, the ability to detect *and* build directories that hold a
main.<ext> file is still not implemented. This *is* needed for
generating additional binaries that are to be installed or exported for
the program.

Lastly, a solution is needed for how tools (subprojects/binaries that
are ALWAYS built by the project in a "native" way, even when cross
compiling) are going to interact with the Coven layout. We don't
currently have a single path for "here's my 'build scripts', run this
separate project via try_compile, then import all its exported objects
as if they had been installed". It's frustrating. You'd think the CMake
devs would have a better solution than "lmao, just use an emulator
dummy", but then again this is the same set of developers that think
filesystem entries can be represented as a list of doubles in JSON, and
don't understand how to actually export JSON in a usable format. Nor do
they know how to write a fucking programming language but that ship has
sailed.

I shouldn't be a leading expert in CMake. I'm self taught, mentally ill, and
without a degree and somehow I still run circles around most of their devs.
What the fuck is their excuse? It's so disheartening. 😟

---
## [duysqubix/MuOxi](https://github.com/duysqubix/MuOxi)@[a2e6403247...](https://github.com/duysqubix/MuOxi/commit/a2e640324795dccb4b192aaaf15840b0742be512)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 18:01:31 by duysqubix

Began implementing a command structure with associated commandsets.
The design is still in its infancy, however the idea is as follows:

Depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited too: Connection State and Roles,

You have access to certain commands, if you type anything but those commands you will be
presented with a default 'huh' equivalent.

This inspiration comes from Evennia, mainly because I love the structure and the order of things.

---
## [bart-kosmala/szt-OS](https://github.com/bart-kosmala/szt-OS)@[89dba1923b...](https://github.com/bart-kosmala/szt-OS/commit/89dba1923bfd84d3b688a06fae84f3df57f755cc)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 19:25:12 by bvrt

It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed in Bambú, sippin' on Private Stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucie B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

---
## [OhadRau/RelevantPromises](https://github.com/OhadRau/RelevantPromises)@[30d61a7a7e...](https://github.com/OhadRau/RelevantPromises/commit/30d61a7a7e58221f7ea7ceb53a1b17a9b4558a30)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 20:50:32 by ohadrau

Typechecker: migrate to relevant-ish promises by making Promise R/W

This is a relatively experimental change, but changes Promise to be
read/write as an approach to introducing multiple writes to Promise*.
This approach is the simplest way to allow this behavior without
breaking any of the guarantees of Promise* or significantly complicating
the language specification. The typechecker still demotes Promise* -> Promise
upon a write or use as Promise*, but no longer blocks the write operation
to a normal Promise. Another simple alternative here is not demoting the
Promise* automatically, which will allow us to substitute later Promise*s
for an already used Promise. However, this introduces some confusion (in
my opinion) because a Promise* in a function body won't be the same as a
Promise* in a function header (if a function takes a Promise* then we know it
must be used, but if a Promise* exists as a value it won't necessarily have
to be used). As a simple example of where such a solution could be wonky:

func main(): Unit begin
  let u: Promise*(Int) = promise Int in
  u <- 5;
  let v: Promise*(Int) = u in
  ()
end

This function would fail to typecheck after redefining v, because it would
introduce a new linear variable `v` that must be eliminated. However, no
new promise is ever created, so it doesn't make sense to require an extra
write just to get the code to compile.

A few other solutions are possible:

* Promise*(Int) => Promise(Int)
* PromiseRW*(Int) => PromiseRW(Int)

though this gets confusing because of the overloaded use of the *.

Alternatively,

* Promise*(Int) => Promise(Int)
* Promise+(Int) => Promise~(Int)

is a more palatable possibility in my opinion, but significantly expands
the complexity of the language.

One final option that I think is the most elegant would be introducing a
second write operator that only writes to Promise*. This would be useful
because it adds the least number of new features while allowing both
semantics to exist side-by-side.

In addition, there is the question of polymorphism over the *. It seems
like standard library functions could gain value by being overloaded over
both Promise and Promise* while exposing slightly different behaviors. As
such, we want some way to be generic over the input promise type while still
allowing us to choose the write safety mode.

---
## [Eclipse-Station/NEV-Northern-Light](https://github.com/Eclipse-Station/NEV-Northern-Light)@[1341138ae4...](https://github.com/Eclipse-Station/NEV-Northern-Light/commit/1341138ae405c7831e722de44dd17c2e62462f25)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 23:01:42 by Nestor

Conflict fixes.
For the love of god of neotheology I hope it isn't going to dump a fucking 10000000+ files changed in the PR.

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip)@[89a6aff591...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip/commit/89a6aff591a04d598aa850810e00e2bbfb222e5b)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 23:36:07 by ng0

Import guile30 as wip/guile30 version 3.0.0

Changelog:

Changes in 3.0.0 (since the stable 2.2 series):

* Notable changes

** Just-in-time code generation

Guile programs now run up to 4 times faster, relative to Guile 2.2,
thanks to just-in-time (JIT) native code generation.  Notably, this
brings the performance of "eval" as written in Scheme back to the level
of "eval" written in C, as in the days of Guile 1.8.

See "Just-In-Time Native Code" in the manual, for more information.  JIT
compilation will be enabled automatically and transparently.  To disable
JIT compilation, configure Guile with `--enable-jit=no' or
`--disable-jit'.  The default is `--enable-jit=auto', which enables the
JIT if it is available.  See `./configure --help' for more.

JIT compilation is enabled by default on x86-64, i686, ARMv7, and
AArch64 targets.

** Lower-level bytecode

Relative to the virtual machine in Guile 2.2, Guile's VM instruction set
is now more low-level.  This allows it to express more advanced
optimizations, for example type check elision or integer
devirtualization, and makes the task of JIT code generation easier.

Note that this change can mean that for a given function, the
corresponding number of instructions in Guile 3.0 may be higher than
Guile 2.2, which can lead to slowdowns when the function is interpreted.
We hope that JIT compilation more than makes up for this slight
slowdown.

** Interleaved internal definitions and expressions allowed

It used to be that internal definitions had to precede all expressions
in their bodies.  This restriction has been relaxed.  If an expression
precedes an internal definition, it is treated as if it were a
definition of an unreferenced variable.  For example, the expression
`(foo)' transforms to the equivalent of `(define _ (begin (foo) #f))',
if it precedes other definitions.

This change improves the readability of Guile programs, as it used to be
that program indentation tended to increase needlessly to allow nested
`let' and `letrec' to re-establish definition contexts after initial
expressions, for example for type-checks on procedure arguments.

** Record unification

Guile used to have a number of implementations of structured data types
in the form of "records": a core facility, SRFI-9 (records), SRFI-35
(condition types -- a form of records) and R6RS records.  These
facilities were not compatible, as they all were built in different
ways.  This had the unfortunate corollary that SRFI-35 conditions were
not compatible with R6RS conditions.  To fix this problem, we have now
added the union of functionality from all of these record types into
core records: single-inheritance subtyping, mutable and immutable
fields, and so on.  See "Records" in the manual, for full details.

R6RS records, SRFI-9 records, and the SRFI-35 and R6RS exception types
have been accordingly "rebased" on top of core records.

** Reimplementation of exceptions

Since Guile's origins 25 years ago, `throw' and `catch' have been the
primary exception-handling primitives.  However these primitives have
two problems.  One is that it's hard to handle exceptions in a
structured way using `catch'.  Few people remember what the
corresponding `key' and `args' are that an exception handler would see
in response to a call to `error', for example.  In practice, this
results in more generic catch-all exception handling than one might
like.

The other problem is that `throw', `catch', and especially
`with-throw-handler' are quite unlike what the rest of the Scheme world
uses.  R6RS and R7RS, for example, have mostly converged on
SRFI-34-style `with-exception-handler' and `raise' primitives, and
encourage the use of SRFI-35-style structured exception objects to
describe the error.  Guile's R6RS layer incorporates an adapter between
`throw'/`catch' and structured exception handling, but it didn't apply
to SRFI-34/SRFI-35, and we would have to duplicate it for R7RS.

In light of these considerations, Guile has now changed to make
`with-exception-handler' and `raise-exception' its primitives for
exception handling and defined a hierarchy of R6RS-style exception types
in its core.  SRFI-34/35, R6RS, and the exception-handling components of
SRFI-18 (threads) have been re-implemented in terms of this core
functionality.  There is also a a compatibility layer that makes it so
that exceptions originating in `throw' can be handled by
`with-exception-hander', and vice-versa for `raise-exception' and
`catch'.

Generally speaking, users will see no difference.  The one significant
difference is that users of SRFI-34 will see more exceptions flowing
through their `with-exception-handler'/`guard' forms, because whereas
before they would only see exceptions thrown by SRFI-34, now they will
see exceptions thrown by R6RS, R7RS, or indeed `throw'.

Guile's situation is transitional.  Most exceptions are still signalled
via `throw'.  These will probably migrate over time to
`raise-exception', while preserving compatibility of course.

See "Exceptions" in the manual, for full details on the new API.

** `guard' no longer unwinds the stack for clause tests

SRFI-34, and then R6RS and R7RS, defines a `guard' form that is a
shorthand for `with-exception-handler'.  The cond-like clauses for the
exception handling are specified to run with the continuation of the
`guard', while any re-propagation of the exception happens with the
continuation of the original `raise'.

In practice, this means that one needs full `call-with-continuation' to
implement the specified semantics, to be able to unwind the stack to the
cond clauses, then rewind if none match.  This is not only quite
expensive, it is also error-prone as one usually doesn't want to rewind
dynamic-wind guards in an exceptional situation.  Additionally, as
continuations bind tightly to the current thread, it makes it impossible
to migrate a subcomputation with a different thread if a `guard' is live
on the stack, as is done in Fibers.

Guile now works around these issues by running the test portion of the
guard expressions within the original `raise' continuation, and only
unwinding once a test matches.  This is an incompatible semantic change
but we think the situation is globally much better, and we expect that
very few people will be affected by the change.

** Optimization of top-level bindings within a compilation unit

At optimization level 2 and above, Guile's compiler is now allowed to
inline top-level definitions within a compilation unit.  See
"Declarative Modules" in the manual, for full details.  This change can
improve the performance of programs with many small top-level
definitions by quite a bit!

At optimization level 3 and above, Guile will assume that any top-level
binding in a declarative compilation unit that isn't exported from a
module can be completely inlined into its uses.  (Prior to this change,
-O3 was the same as -O2.)  Note that with this new
`seal-private-bindings' pass, private declarative bindings are no longer
available for access from the first-class module reflection API.  The
optimizations afforded by this pass can be useful when you need a speed
boost, but having them enabled at optimization level 3 means they are
not on by default, as they change Guile's behavior in ways that users
might not expect.

** By default, GOOPS classes are not redefinable

It used to be that all GOOPS classes were redefinable, at least in
theory.  This facility was supported by an indirection in all "struct"
instances, even though only a subset of structs would need redefinition.
We wanted to remove this indirection, in order to speed up Guile
records, allow immutable Guile records to eventually be described by
classes, and allow for some optimizations in core GOOPS classes that
shouldn't be redefined anyway.

Thus in GOOPS now there are classes that are redefinable and classes
that aren't.  By default, classes created with GOOPS are not
redefinable.  To make a class redefinable, it should be an instance of
`<redefinable-class>'.  See "Redefining a Class" in the manual for more
information.

** Define top-level bindings for aux syntax: `else', `=>', `...', `_'

These auxiliary syntax definitions are specified to be defined in the
R6RS and the R7RS.  They were previously unbound, even in the R6RS
modules.  This change is not anticipated to cause any incompatibility
with existing Guile code, and improves things for R6RS and R7RS users.

** Conventional gettext alias is now `G_'

Related to the last point, since the "Fix literal matching for
module-bound literals" change in the 2.2 series, it was no longer
possible to use the conventional `_' binding as an alias for `gettext',
because a local `_' definition would prevent `_' from being recognized
as auxiliary syntax for `match', `syntax-rules', and similar.  The new
recommended conventional alias for `gettext' is `G_'.

** Add --r6rs command-line option

The new `install-r6rs!' procedure adapts Guile's defaults to be more
R6RS-compatible.  This procedure is called if the user passes `--r6rs'
as a command-line argument.  See "R6RS Incompatibilities" in the manual,
for full details.

** Add support for R7RS

Thanks to Göran Weinholt and OKUMURA Yuki, Guile now implements the R7RS
modules.  As the R7RS library syntax is a subset of R6RS, to use R7RS
you just `(import (scheme base))' and off you go.  As with R6RS also,
there are some small lexical incompatibilities regarding hex escapes;
see "R6RS Support" in the manual, for full details.

Also as with R6RS, there is an `install-r7rs!' procedure and a `--r7rs'
command-line option.

** Add #:re-export-and-replace argument to `define-module'

This new keyword specifies a set of bindings to re-export, but also
marks them as intended to replace core bindings.  See "Creating Guile
Modules" in the manual, for full details.

Note to make this change, we had to change the way replacement flags are
stored, to being associated with modules instead of individual variable
objects.  This means that users who #:re-export an imported binding that
was already marked as #:replace by another module will now see warnings,
as they need to use #:re-export-and-replace instead.

** `define-module' #:autoload no longer pulls in the whole module

One of the ways that a module can use another is "autoloads".  For
example:

  (define-module (a) #:autoload (b) (make-b))

In this example, module `(b)' will only be imported when the `make-b'
identifier is referenced.  However besides the imprecision about when a
given binding is actually referenced, this mechanism used to cause the
whole imported module to become available, not just the specified
bindings.  This has now been changed to only import the specified bindings.

This is a backward-incompatible change.  The fix is to mention all
bindings of interest in the autoload clause.  Feedback is welcome.

** Improve SRFI-43 vector-fill!

SRFI-43 vector-fill! now has the same performance whether an optional
range is provided or not, and is also provided in core.  As a side
effect, vector-fill! and vector_fill_x no longer work on non-vector
rank-1 arrays.  Such cases were handled incorrectly before; for example,
prior to this change:

  (define a (make-vector 10 'x))
  (define b (make-shared-array a (lambda (i) (list (* 2 i))) 5))
  (vector-fill! b 'y)

  => #1(y y y x x)

This is now an error.  Instead, use array-fill!.

** `iota' in core and SRFI-1 `iota' are the same

Previously, `iota' in core would not accept start and step arguments and
would return an empty list for negative count. Now there is only one
`iota' function with the extended semantics of SRFI-1.  Note that as an
incompatible change, core `iota' no longer accepts a negative count.

** Improved Transport Layer Security (TLS) support in (web client)

`http-request', `http-get', and related procedures from (web client) are
able to access content over TLS ("HTTPS") since Guile 2.2.  However,
that support lacked important facilities, which are now available.

First, these procedures now have a #:verify-certificates?  parameter to
enable or disable the verification of X.509 server certificates.  The
new `x509-certificate-directory' SRFI-39 parameter specifies X.509
certificates are searched for.  Second, HTTPS proxies are now supported
(in addition to HTTP proxies) and the new `current-https-proxy'
parameter controls that.  See "Web Client" in the manual for details.

* New deprecations

** scm_t_uint8, etc deprecated in favor of C99 stdint.h

It used to be that Guile defined its own `scm_t_uint8' because C99
`uint8_t' wasn't widely enough available.  Now Guile finally made the
change to use C99 types, both internally and in Guile's public headers.

Note that this also applies to SCM_T_UINT8_MAX, SCM_T_INT8_MIN, for intN
and uintN for N in 8, 16, 32, and 64.  Guile also now uses ptrdiff_t
instead of scm_t_ptrdiff, and similarly for intmax_t, uintmax_t,
intptr_t, and uintptr_t.

** The two-argument form of `record-constructor'

Calling `record-constructor' with two arguments (the record type and a
list of field names) is deprecated.  Instead, call with just one
argument, and provide a wrapper around that constructor if needed.

* Incompatible changes

** All deprecated code removed

All code deprecated in Guile 2.2 has been removed.  See older NEWS, and
check that your programs can compile without linker warnings and run
without runtime warnings.  See "Deprecation" in the manual.

In particular, the function `scm_generalized_vector_get_handle' which
was deprecated in 2.0.9 but remained in 2.2, has now finally been
removed. As a replacement, use `scm_array_get_handle' to get a handle
and `scm_array_handle_rank' to check the rank.

** Remove "self" field from vtables and "redefined" field from classes

These fields were used as part of the machinery for class redefinition
and is no longer needed.

** VM hook manipulation simplified

The low-level mechanism to instrument a running virtual machine for
debugging and tracing has been simplified.  See "VM Hooks" in the
manual, for more.

* Changes to the distribution

** New effective version

The "effective version" of Guile is now 3.0, which allows parallel
installation with other effective versions (for example, the older Guile
2.2).  See "Parallel Installations" in the manual for full details.
Notably, the `pkg-config' file is now `guile-3.0', and there are new
`guile-3' and `guile-3.0' features for `cond-expand'.

---
## [3rdIteration/btcrecover](https://github.com/3rdIteration/btcrecover)@[f87ad8cb3d...](https://github.com/3rdIteration/btcrecover/commit/f87ad8cb3d1d4484df55a63552e422dc09be20ba)
#### Wednesday 2020-01-15 23:47:45 by 3rdIteration

Update Create Address DB to Py3

Verified working with the following sample blockchain data and creation command:

python3 create-address-db.py --datadir D:\Bitcoin-Data-Core --first-block-file 1900 --blocks-startdate 2019-12-23 --blocks-enddate 2019-12-26 --force --dblength 22 testdb-py3.db

with recovery seed wish you happy safe season merry peace hope love joy across globe

---

# [<](2020-01-14.md) 2020-01-15 [>](2020-01-16.md)

