# [<](2020-05-21.md) 2020-05-22 [>](2020-05-23.md)

2,391,004 events, 1,173,947 push events, 1,869,304 commit messages, 128,016,477 characters


## [nss-dev/nss](https://github.com/nss-dev/nss)@[064769f1e7...](https://github.com/nss-dev/nss/commit/064769f1e70e028bdce9700a62eb07e40b4991e1)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 01:35:39 by Martin Thomson

Bug 1639413 - Option to disable TLS 1.3 EndOfEarlyData message, r=kjacobs

This adds the ability to disable EndOfEarlyData.

On the client this is relatively simple, you just turn the message off.

The server is complicated because the server uses this to drive the installation
of the right keys.  Without it, things get very messy.  Thus, I have decided
that this is best left to the SSL_RecordLayerData interface.  That needs an ugly
hack in order to let the new data to pass, but the damage is otherwise
relatively minor, apart from one obvious thing.

We never really built the SSL_RecordLayerData API to take application data.  It
only did that to support testing of the functions.  Now that we have to deal
with this new wrinkle, adding support for 0-RTT is necessary.  This change does
that.  That requires a barrage of new checks to see if application data is
acceptable.  And then early data is captured in a completely different way,
which adds another layer of awfulness.

Note that this exposes us to the possibility that Certificate or Finished are
received in early data when using SSL_RecordLayerData and this option.  I don't
think that fixing that is worthwhile as it requires tracking the epoch of
handshake messages separate to ss->ssl3.crSpec and the epoch only really exists
on that API so that applications don't accidentally do bad things.  In QUIC, we
specifically block handshake messages in early data, so we have ample
protection.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D76088

--HG--
extra : moz-landing-system : lando

---
## [CorrosiveKnifer/PeoplePals](https://github.com/CorrosiveKnifer/PeoplePals)@[77b4d293b3...](https://github.com/CorrosiveKnifer/PeoplePals/commit/77b4d293b3b2f23b3985c4efc4fa9ea68e67a9f0)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 03:19:18 by William

More of fucking everything

god damn it my back is sore

---
## [Evolution-X/vendor_aosp](https://github.com/Evolution-X/vendor_aosp)@[5db6c796ab...](https://github.com/Evolution-X/vendor_aosp/commit/5db6c796ab604041269966984cadeae9e18ba9af)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 04:59:54 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler

[AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Joey Huab <joey@evolution-x.org>

---
## [lyeyixian/testing](https://github.com/lyeyixian/testing)@[0d582b76c3...](https://github.com/lyeyixian/testing/commit/0d582b76c3b75eb7640e834eee0df291bdda17ce)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 08:01:07 by lyeyixian

Merge pull request #1 from lyeyixian/readme-edits

update fuck you

---
## [JoshuaPMallory/Sprint-Challenge--Algorithms](https://github.com/JoshuaPMallory/Sprint-Challenge--Algorithms)@[731c324ff0...](https://github.com/JoshuaPMallory/Sprint-Challenge--Algorithms/commit/731c324ff0cb48d076c83eaa8f01e0c5eddd9007)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 10:26:04 by Joshua

Minor errors will suck your life away

I swear to god I was stuck with this thing hanging no matter what I did for like 6 hours. You know what the problem was?
if self.compare_item() == -1 or 0:
I CHECKED THIS BEFORE I WROTE IT
Literally went into the terminal to make sure I wasn't doing it wrong, and it worked. Except no, it didn't work, it only looked at the first part and completely ignored the other half without telling me. I've had so many issues in the past with this exact thing, because when I'd go in and tell it to compare multiple things for an if statement like if X == Y or X == Z or etc. it would throw it all out with an error.

But this time it's fine. Somehow this time it demands I write it like this:
if self.compare_item() == -1 or self.compare_item() == 0:
I'm upset.

I'm getting up early too to try and learn C++ with a friend.


I'm gonna hate life in the morning.

---
## [Luffyyy/DieselBundleViewer](https://github.com/Luffyyy/DieselBundleViewer)@[01c671ea8f...](https://github.com/Luffyyy/DieselBundleViewer/commit/01c671ea8fd866c6068134407754a2c39259ad52)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 11:44:34 by Luffyyy

Added scripts

Was kinda a pain since it either changed or requires different shit for .Net Core
Now using BoolToVis converter

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[d62131d3ae...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/d62131d3aeda6f3b4c255ca06e70573433a8f16a)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 12:24:52 by wm4

vo_x11: allow OSD rendering outside of video region

I'm not sure why it only rendered OSD inside the video. Since OSD
rendering was always done on the X image (after software scaling and
color conversion), there was no technical reason for this. Maybe it was
because the code started out this way, and it was annoying to change it.
Possibly, one reason was that it didn't normally have to clear the black
bars in every frame (if video didn't cover the entire window).

Anyway, simply render OSD to the full window. This gets rid of some
rather weird stuff. It seems to look mostly like vo_wlshm now. The
uncovered regions are cleared every frame, which could probably be
avoided by being clever with the OSD renderer code, but this is where
I'm decidedly losing interest.

There was some mysterious code for aligning the image width to 8 pixels.
Replace that by attempting to align it to SIMD alignment (might matter
for libswscale, or if repack.c gets SIMD). Why are there apparently 4
different ways representing a pixel format (depth, VisualID, Visual,
XVisualInfo), but none of them seem to provide the XImage.bits_per_pixel
value (the actual size of a pixel, including padding)? Even after 33
years, X11 still seems overengineered, confusing, and inconvenient. So
just call X11 a heap of shit, and assume the worst case for alignment.

---
## [Killaskt/nodejsCRUDapp](https://github.com/Killaskt/nodejsCRUDapp)@[192612192d...](https://github.com/Killaskt/nodejsCRUDapp/commit/192612192db366325fdd05a387711166a67d1430)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 13:28:39 by killaskt

Scraper plus scraper route created

The Scraper is something I'm proud of. Its a story of redpemption but more than anything Love. I wrote the scraper in about 3 hours after watching a simple puppeteer tutorial that didnt help. However...., getting it to output through a nodejs/express route is something that took multiple hours of research... but after 3 days of doing it (not consistently as im doing other projects, i finally cracked it! It may not be beautiful or amazingly efficient (which i blame puppeteer more than myself) but it works and its my first function delving into the event loop and using async functions!

---
## [snehitsah/geeksay](https://github.com/snehitsah/geeksay)@[cbe09e5ce6...](https://github.com/snehitsah/geeksay/commit/cbe09e5ce69648f97b5e4a3fee6190756b85f109)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 13:37:19 by Devendra Dhanal

Added quotes and translation (#42)

Added a few more quotes:
"There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and those who don't",
"I love my life",
"I love my house",
"heart break",
 "I like to fix shit"

Added the translation:
"heart": "<3",
"love": "<3",
"like": "<3"

---
## [PaulAnthonyReitz/FFXIAH-Scraper](https://github.com/PaulAnthonyReitz/FFXIAH-Scraper)@[a3ababec89...](https://github.com/PaulAnthonyReitz/FFXIAH-Scraper/commit/a3ababec890abde0b33e9e15831a9817d936438e)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 16:26:21 by Paul Reitz

LETS FUCKING GOOOOO

Took 23 minutes to parse 30k+ tables instead of 3 hours and memory usage was contained to roughly 3GB, HELL YEAH

---
## [Maetrim/DDOBuilder](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder)@[c9fa12d117...](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder/commit/c9fa12d1179932cb77541e920e8104ba62ca30a8)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 16:52:44 by Maetrim

Build 1.0.0.104

Fix: Ranged weapons will now use Dexterity as their default attack ability, not Strength (Reported by Cardo)
Fix: Calculated DC values will now correctly apply a negative ability modifier instead of using 0
Fix: "Legendary Book of Spirits" save bonus will now apply to the relevant saves
Fix: Wielding a 2 handed weapon with the THF line of feats will now have the correct ability multiplier again (Reported by Seljuck)
Fix: Missing Feat Group "Warlock Resistance" added and missing feats added:
---Fey Resistance
---Fiendish Resistance
---Resistance of the Great Old One
Fix: Warlock Ability feats will now auto populate
Fix: Hurl Through Hell now uses 15 as its base DC, not 10
Fix: About box (C) Year updated to 2020.
Fix: Weapons with specific Ability Attack/Damage modifers (Like Charisma to damage) will now have those effects applied to the breakdowns
---Epic Dynastic Falcata fixed
---Epic Elyd Edge fixed
---Epic Staff of Inner Sight
---Epic Unkor's Cleaver
---Epic Zephyr
---Epic Staff of Not Gan
---Epic Midnight Greetings
---Epic Envenomed Blade
---Rebellion
---Epic Doublecross
---Forgotton Light
New: Items can now have multiple Attack and Damage ability modifers listed now
---All ranged weapons checked for correct attack and damage ability modifiers. Fixed where required.
Fix: Weapons with no attack abilities will no longer crash the software
Fix: The drop list height for weapon type selection in the Item select dialog was increased
U46 Items:
---The Bloodsigil Ring (Ring - Minor Artifact)

Lamannia U46 Patch 2 Preview Support
---New Warlock Pact: Celestial and required support feats
---New Warlock Pact: The Abyss and required support feats
---New Warlock Pact: The Carceri Storm and required support feats

---
## [Poggicek/fivem-docs](https://github.com/Poggicek/fivem-docs)@[9544a298db...](https://github.com/Poggicek/fivem-docs/commit/9544a298dbbc62f6386ae9ac5f26d42fcb35a15a)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 20:27:04 by Poggu

Added example to GetPlayers() function

People crying about fivem documentation sucking ass, instead of fixing it and making pr themselves they just talk shit.

https://docs.fivem.net/docs/scripting-reference/runtimes/lua/functions/GetPlayers/

---
## [stolsvik/mats](https://github.com/stolsvik/mats)@[b6c7fea002...](https://github.com/stolsvik/mats/commit/b6c7fea002490c39ebffc1f2836d1486a2c1ff82)
#### Friday 2020-05-22 21:53:10 by Endre Stølsvik

Working on #168, async all incoming messages. Reverted #184

* Server's sending of ACK and ACK2 is now async, runs every 100 ms:
WebSocketOutgoingAcks

* Reverted #184, due to idiotic thinko on my side. The problem I thought
I fixed was already handled - and my fixing actually introduced the
problem I thought I fixed..! The entire handling-block is within a Mats
Initiation, so either everything goes OK, or everything fails - in the
latter case, the client gets a RETRY.. However, I introduced one extra
check in the CSAF_SQL, whereby it actually checks that the delete of the
correlation info actually had updateCount==1. If not, we were not the
one that got this handling. This will be even more important in the next
step where incoming SEND and REQUEST, and incoming Replies (RESOLVE,
REJECT) will be handled async.

---

# [<](2020-05-21.md) 2020-05-22 [>](2020-05-23.md)

