# [<](2020-02-04.md) 2020-02-05 [>](2020-02-06.md)

2,116,772 events, 1,067,192 push events, 1,726,743 commit messages, 138,944,018 characters


## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[281d032c95...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/281d032c955dd4c96c747e540c738de147240d4c)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 00:44:35 by Saqib Ali

Earn Your Master’s in Data Science Online. Director/Assoc Director, Data Science -PHARMA Jobs in NYC NY | Data Science Job Recruiters. Should We Trust Algorithms?   · Harvard Data Science Review. M.S. Data Science Virtual Office Hours: Evening Session. M.S. Data Science Virtual Office Hours: Morning Session. Venture Garden Group Senior Data Scientist | SmartRecruiters. Data Science Fellowship | IDA. Tenure Track Teaching Faculty in Environmental Data Science (JPF01728) - Recruit. Harvard Data Science Review. Vertical Yellow Pages JOBS: DATA SCIENTIST FORT WORTH UNITED STATES.

---
## [ZagorianCoder/ZagorianSoftWorks](https://github.com/ZagorianCoder/ZagorianSoftWorks)@[31755266d4...](https://github.com/ZagorianCoder/ZagorianSoftWorks/commit/31755266d4148728c697158a36078944bdddab38)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 01:01:05 by ZagorianCoder

Energy Consumption Statistics of a Household

This program was designed for a University course assignment.
What it does : 
   Average and Sum Statistics for Kitchen, Laundry and AC (house heating)
   You can select one of 4 time periods that are available to produce Average or Sum Statistics
   Available Periods:
        -Season ( Autumn, Winter, Spring, Summer)
        -Month(From Jan to Dec)
        -DayofWeek(From Monday to Sunday)
        -TimeofDay(Early Morning, Morning, Afternoon, Evening, Night)
    Produces a Statistics Report in 3  format types ( txt, MarkDown and Html)
How does it function?
    Compiled with Java12 
    Simply download the jar file open CMD navigate to the directory of the jar file and type java -jar EnergyCon.jar press enter and the 
    program will start!       
    You can upload 1 file at a time!
    The system can not produce Statistics for multiple files!
    Statistics will be produced from the last uploaded file!

---
## [Abazzi/comicAndMovieLists](https://github.com/Abazzi/comicAndMovieLists)@[06038e8185...](https://github.com/Abazzi/comicAndMovieLists/commit/06038e8185c708a3d4eab53caf83eceae2575ba5)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 02:47:21 by Adam Bazzi

added the following comics
Athos in America
Lost Cat
The Left Bank Gang
Why Are You Doing This
If you Steal
Low Moonb
Werewolves of Montpellier
Almost Silent
Love & Rockets New Stories 1-8
Mister Miracle (Jack Kirby)
Gotham Central

---
## [Gundam-MS/Operation-Attack-Dog](https://github.com/Gundam-MS/Operation-Attack-Dog)@[0ffa6f6930...](https://github.com/Gundam-MS/Operation-Attack-Dog/commit/0ffa6f69303d8569f17e9517ab2828204aed05b8)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 03:01:32 by Cory Andrew Hofstad

"I killed my brother with his motorcycle, now I can use his uniform and see the world." -Gregory Kilpatrick

"Task Sergeant Kilpatrick! What the fuck are you doing here!" -US Navy SEAL DCMN Hofstad after HALO into Torrey Kilpatrick's location in FernGully. "Just trying to pass the time" -Gregory "Torrey" Kilpatrick "Just Trying to pass the time? This shit is illegal as fuck, this is a human trafficking operation." -DCMN Hofstad "[radio] I got a snitch her, get this bitch ass nigga outa here, this is my break, I go on vacation where I want. There are females here that's all I wanted to see." Gregory "Torrey" Kilpatrick.

---
## [elastic/kibana](https://github.com/elastic/kibana)@[117bfb5cc7...](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/commit/117bfb5cc72fdb85afa411fa349b5e1735861147)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 04:07:40 by Andrew Cholakian

Improve pull request template proposal (#56756)

Looking through Kibana PRs many currently ignore the check boxes or just delete them. The goal here is to make the process easier, delete some unused options and align the checkboxes with what's most useful. We've had some discussions on the Uptime team about ways the PR template could be potentially improved. These changes are based on an extended discussion we had on the topic. We'd love to hear if other teams would be OK with these recommended changes.

The changes here are:

* Allow authors to just delete unnecessary items rather than strike through. Adding all the `~~` in markdown is painful
* Remove the unnecessary checkbox for release notes, the build bot catches this and blocks merges without that being set.
* Add a checkbox for testing in various browser sizes / mobile responsive devices
* Move IE checkbox to the bottom of the list since it's seldom checked and makes the checklist seem daunting

---
## [d-hatayama/systemd](https://github.com/d-hatayama/systemd)@[636e72bce6...](https://github.com/d-hatayama/systemd/commit/636e72bce63e7e99b76357f7d524d16f61558775)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 04:26:36 by Lennart Poettering

sysusers: properly mark generated accounts as locked

Previously, we'd only set the shell to /usr/bin/nologin and lock the
password for system users. Let's go one step further and also lock the
whole account.

This is a paranoid safety precaution, since neither disabling the shell
like this nor disabling the password is sufficient to lock an account,
since remote shell tools generally allow passing different shells, and
logins into ftp or similar protocols don't know the shell concept anyway.
Moreover, in times of ssh authentication by password is just one
option of authentication among many.

Takes inspiration from the recommendations in usermod(8)'s -L switch:

    "Note: if you wish to lock the account (not only access with a
    password), you should also set the EXPIRE_DATE to 1."

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[f2ded6842a...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/f2ded6842a2449a9bad97cff3dacffd13d2113e4)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 08:44:34 by Saqib Ali

Senior Data Scientist at Pipefy. KSM Consulting Data Scientist | SmartRecruiters. Associate Data Scientist - Levelset - Career Page. Become a leading Data Scientist with the Data Incubator Fellowship Program | Faculty of Engineering, Computer &amp; Mathematical Sciences | University of Adelaide. Earn Your Master’s in Data Science Online. Director/Assoc Director, Data Science -PHARMA Jobs in NYC NY | Data Science Job Recruiters. Should We Trust Algorithms?   · Harvard Data Science Review. M.S. Data Science Virtual Office Hours: Evening Session. M.S. Data Science Virtual Office Hours: Morning Session. Venture Garden Group Senior Data Scientist | SmartRecruiters.

---
## [elbeardmorez/challenge-x](https://github.com/elbeardmorez/challenge-x)@[f7e792edf1...](https://github.com/elbeardmorez/challenge-x/commit/f7e792edf1ceebe52330bd4b61c55ea39d3410c3)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 08:52:29 by Pete Beardmore

[add] hackerrank, 'the love-letter mystery', c# port

---
## [grandwizmiller/Skyrat-Station](https://github.com/grandwizmiller/Skyrat-Station)@[85bf02a229...](https://github.com/grandwizmiller/Skyrat-Station/commit/85bf02a229419355a60fb666f3be1e588d6f2459)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 09:52:17 by grandwizmiller

i forgot the carrot satchel

Oh I know Jeremy Harrington well, too well sadly He lived in a richer area of New York at one point. I bumped into him in a sandwich shop. He was shooting the shit with the sandwich maker when I came up to give my order. I got a standard turkey on wheat with mayo and pepper jack. It was something very simple. All the while Jerma was laughing to himself and pointing at me occasionally mumbling, "Is this guy serious?"

I wasn't sure why I guess he was displeased about me ordering or what I ordered. After I got my sandwich I sat down and ate while he just leaved back into the windowed meat display and watched me. When I got up to throw the trash away he stopped me and offered his hand. I was shy because I knew who he was but he introduced himself anyways. When I shook his hand the other hand came out of his pocket holding a tazer which he used on my neck. When I fell to the ground tense I soiled myself. He laughed, "This guy." And started kicking me in the face quoting videos over and over, "DON'T SAY SWEARS, DON'T SAY SWEARS."

I woke up in the hospital next to a vase of broccoli labeled, "From Jerma."

Now every year he shows up to my families Thanksgiving dinner, uninvited, unannounced, and just eats, laughs to himself, and then leaves. Last year he murdered my mother. I fear what hurricane Jerma will bring this year...

---
## [cagkanergiden07/super](https://github.com/cagkanergiden07/super)@[4c549bc5af...](https://github.com/cagkanergiden07/super/commit/4c549bc5afe26a5c480451ae6147dc77ec269677)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 09:52:31 by cagkanergiden07

Dragger

PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Dragger (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by  Çağkan Ergiden  The Application is  a  game.


What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?

User Provided Information 
The Application obtains the information you provide when you download and register the Application. Registration with us is optional. However, please keep in mind that you may not be able to use some of the features offered by the Application unless you register with us.

When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use applications from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Application, and; (e) information you enter into our system when using the Application, such as contact information and project management information. 

We may also use the information you provided us to contact your from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions. 


Automatically Collected Information  

In addition, the Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application.  



Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device?

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.  


Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?

Yes. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
    • as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
    • when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
    • with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
    • if  Çağkan Ergiden is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of this information, as well as any choices you may have regarding this information.
    • to advertisers and third party advertising networks and analytics companies as described in the section below

Automatic Data Collection and Advertising

We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in the Application which helps us keep the cost of the Application low. Advertisers and advertising networks use some of the information collected by the Application, including, but not limited to, the unique identification ID of your mobile device and your mobile telephone number. To protect the anonymity of this information, we use an encryption technology to help ensure that these third parties can’t identify you personally. These third parties may also obtain anonymous information about other applications you’ve downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit, your non-precise location information (e.g., your zip code), and other non- precise location information in order to help analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the Application and elsewhere. We may also share encrypted versions of information you have provided in order to enable our partners to append other available information about you for analysis or advertising related use.  

If you’d like to opt-out from third party use of this type of information to help serve targeted advertising, please visit the section entitled “Opt-out” below. 
What are my opt-out rights?

here are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application:    
Opt-out of all information collection by uninstalling the Application: You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You can also request to opt-out via email, at  cagkanergiden96@gmail.com.
Opt-out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers: you may at any time opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by  Settings.


Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 24 months and thereafter may store it in aggregate. If you’d like us to delete User Provided Data that you have provided via the Application, please contact us at  cagkanergiden96@gmail.com and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of the User Provided Data may be required in order for the Application to function properly.

Children
We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at  cagkanergiden96@gmail.com  We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
 

Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. 
Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the Turkey. If you reside outside the Turkey your information will be transferred, processed and stored there under Turkey privacy standards. 
 
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at  
cagkanergiden96@gmail.com.

---
## [LeafyLuigi/CVv6-CustomCSS](https://github.com/LeafyLuigi/CVv6-CustomCSS)@[9136844000...](https://github.com/LeafyLuigi/CVv6-CustomCSS/commit/9136844000886c379ef376444040dc3fd61dfc71)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 10:03:42 by LeafyLuigi

Create who-fucking-gives-a-rats-ass-like-really-who-does-care-in-the-end-i-sure-as-shit-dont.css

---
## [Quaker762/System-V](https://github.com/Quaker762/System-V)@[89f3d07741...](https://github.com/Quaker762/System-V/commit/89f3d077414bb46425bbff659b81387200292b02)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 12:24:35 by Jesse Buhagiar

Kernel: Undefine GIC_DEBUG

Holy shit that's a lot of fuckin debug messages....

---
## [lucasmoraes804/ACBr.Net.NFSe](https://github.com/lucasmoraes804/ACBr.Net.NFSe)@[72cb0cbf44...](https://github.com/lucasmoraes804/ACBr.Net.NFSe/commit/72cb0cbf442e7cf0dc9cbb666f3bbafd90d5ace7)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 12:51:58 by Emerson

Compilação apos fork do fuck you da porr desse project

---
## [ajsmart121/sudoku](https://github.com/ajsmart121/sudoku)@[9574911d75...](https://github.com/ajsmart121/sudoku/commit/9574911d75757eaf21a633066d6ecc400596c36f)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 13:45:49 by AJ Smart

added numbers buttons at the bottom

probably fix how shit looks its kinda ugly

---
## [rubygems/rubygems](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems)@[b04861490a...](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/commit/b04861490a310e171dfd6c96cfdf081f1e97473b)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 14:29:42 by Bundlerbot

Merge #3122

3122: Allow releasing with a rubygems pre version r=bronzdoc a=deivid-rodriguez

# Description:

This condition is too restrictive in my opinion. If a user has a pre version of rubygems installed, she should be fully responsible for it, and we shouldn't restrict any functionality.

Also, why is a new prerelease disallowed but an old prelease allowed, or why is 2.0.0.rc2 explictly whitelisted? I believe this kind of exceptions are one more reason to actually permit this.

# Tasks:

- [x] Describe the problem / feature
- [ ] Write tests
- [x] Write code to solve the problem
- [ ] Get code review from coworkers / friends

I will abide by the [code of conduct](https://github.com/rubygems/rubygems/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).


Co-authored-by: David Rodríguez <deivid.rodriguez@riseup.net>

---
## [N3CR0420/hello-world](https://github.com/N3CR0420/hello-world)@[315065f3fb...](https://github.com/N3CR0420/hello-world/commit/315065f3fbbf371be8b270091b1ada0d255e43d3)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 15:10:20 by N3CR0420

Edited Readme.md

I edited this shit and committed it to the readme-edits branche for review by my own muthafuckin self. Please approve myself and transfer to my own master readme, nah'mean?

---
## [haasn/libplacebo](https://github.com/haasn/libplacebo)@[91983120f6...](https://github.com/haasn/libplacebo/commit/91983120f6958b6cb1940983837296012c481b2b)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 15:17:15 by Niklas Haas

vulkan: load all function pointers indirectly

We already had almost all of the infrastructure for this anyway, and
there were legitimate use cases that benefit from this change. I decided
to drop the extra `vk` prefix from our function pointers, because
writing `VK(vk->vk` seemed a bit silly and doesn't provide any real
advantages (tab completion etc. still work on the reduced function
pointers, and development of new code can be done without loading the
function pointers anyway).

Users can also specify the vkGetInstanceProcAddr to use directly as part
of the instance parameters, rather than directly. This API ended up
slightly ugly, unfortunately, due to the mirroring of this get_proc_addr
callback between the vulkan_params and the vk_inst_params, but oh well.
This ugliness shouldn't affect the vast majority of users so I don't
particularly care.

Closes #75.

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[47832f873f...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/47832f873f941455d64937743576b17545a69a83)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 15:30:15 by wm4

lua: fix highly security relevant arbitrary code execution bug

It appears Lua's package paths try to load .lua files from the current
working directory. Not only that, but also shared libraries.

  WHAT THE FUCK IS WHOEVER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS FUCKING DOING?

mpv isn't setting this package path; currently it's only extending it.
In any sane world, this wouldn't be a default. Most programs use
essentially random working directories and don't change it.

I cannot comprehend what bullshit about "convenience" or whatever made
them do something this broken and dangerous. Thousands of programs using
Lua out there will try to randomly load random code from random
directories.

In mpv's case, this is so security relevant, because mpv is normally
used from the command line, and you will most likely actually change
into your media directory or whatever with the shell, and play a file
from there. No, you don't want to load a (probably downloaded) shared
library from this directory if a script try to load a system lib with
the same name or so.

I'm not sure why LUA_PATH_DEFAULT in luaconf.h (both upstream and the
Debian version) put "./?.lua" at the end, but in any case, trying to
load a module that doesn't exist nicely lists all package paths in
order, and confirms it tries to load files from the working directory
first (anyone can try this). Even if it didn't, this would be
problematic at best.

Note that scripts are _not_ sandboxed. They're allowed to load system
libraries, which is also why we want to keep the non-idiotic parts of
the package paths.

Attempt to fix this by filtering out relative paths. This is a bit
fragile and not very great for something security related, but probably
the best we can do without having to make assumptions about the target
system file system layout. Also, someone else can fix this for Windows.

Also replace ":" with ";" (for the extra path). On a side note, this
extra path addition is just in this function out of laziness, since
I'd rather not have 2 functions with edit the package path.

mpv in default configuration (i.e. no external scripts) is probably not
affected. All builtin scripts only "require" preloaded modules, which,
in a stroke of genius by the Lua developers, are highest priority in the
load order. Otherwise, enjoy your semi-remote code execution bug.

Completely unrelated this, I'm open for scripting languages and
especially implementations which are all around better than Lua, and are
suited for low footprint embedding.

---
## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[469fe0650c...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/469fe0650ca72c7c18639f29dc146ecbefe4981e)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 17:37:15 by Clifford T. Matthews

Includes today's speed run.

I had to stop at three different traffic lights for 85 seconds total.
It was also cold enough that I had trouble with my water bottles (had
to have a hand warmer in each glove and most of the time my fingers
were out of the finger sleeves and balled up around the hand warmer).
Instead of consuming 600 calories during the run, I only had about
400.

The chafing on my back may not have slowed me down today.  It's hard
to say.  I could definitely feel it, but I did have 200mg ibuprofen
with my morning calories and I don't think I ever consciously slowed
down due to the discomfort and that's, I believe, the first time since
I started training again with a Tioga.

I'm still not as fast as I was last year, but I'm making steady
progress.  I'll be doing my La Luz run in two days (on Friday) rather
than Saturday so I can go ballooning Saturday and Sunday.  I'm hoping
to do a little bike riding in the afternoon each of those days, but
I may be kidding myself.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[3fb9d8557d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3fb9d8557d81c1281379e508e9b9e7f0b6c09caa)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 17:47:35 by Marko Grdinić

"5:20pm. I had my ten minutes of fun.

Let me see what I can do about the parsing. After that no doubt I will have to debug the prepass and the partial evaluation after that. I probably won't manage it all today.

5:30pm.

```
let process_parser_exprs (exprs, in') (d : ParserEnv) =
    let f x s = match x with ParserExpr a -> l "" (unop ErrorNonUnit a) s | ParserStatement a -> a s
    match in' with
    | Some in' -> Ok(List.foldBack f exprs in')
    | None ->
        match List.rev exprs with
        | ParserStatement _ :: _ -> d.FailWith StatementLastInBlock
        | ParserExpr x :: xs -> Ok(List.fold (fun a b -> f b a) x xs)
        | [] -> failwith "impossible"

let rec indentations expr d =
    let i = col d
    let inline if_ op tr s = expr_indent i op tr s

    (many1 (if_ (=) expr) .>>. opt (if_ (<=) in_ >>. if_ (<=) (indentations expr)) >>= process_parser_exprs) d
```

Agh, I have no idea. For the time being, how about I just put `()` at the end? I will definitely come back to this as I will have to figure out why errors are not being propagated properly.

I want to see what errors are there in prepass and peval. If I am lucky maybe I will manage to get get the test to work in the next 30m. I doubt it though.

```
Error trace on line: 3, column: 1 in module test1.
inl b = 10
^
Expected one of: global function

C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Testing v0.2\bin\Release\netcoreapp3.1\Testing v0.2.exe (process 9184) exited with code 0.
```

Finally a sensible error.

5:30pm.

```
let test1: SpiralModule =
    {
    name="test1"
    prerequisites=[]
    description="Does it run?"
    code=
    """
inl main () =
    inl a = 5
    inl b = 10
    dyn (a + b)
()
    """
    }
```

```
{ parse = 00:00:00.1792269
  prepass = 00:00:00.0009204
  peval = 00:00:00
  codegen = 00:00:00 }
main has to be present in the last module.

C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Testing v0.2\bin\Release\netcoreapp3.1\Testing v0.2.exe (process 5652) exited with code 0.
```

Is it not present?

```
        match env.values.[x.name] with
        | Module l ->
            printfn "%A" l
```

Hmmm, it is empty?

```
{ keywords = Spiral.Prepass+KeywordEnv
  types = map [("test1", TModule (map []))]
  values = map [("test1", Module (map []))] }
```

What the hell? There is literally nothing in it.

```
let rec prepass_top (t_glob : Map<string,TExpr>) (v_glob : Map<string,Expr>) x =
```

Ah, it does not seem that I am actually using this function anywhere in the prepass.

```
Unhandled exception. System.Exception: Compiler error in prepass_top.
   at Spiral.Prepass.prepass_top@275(KeywordEnv keywords, Dictionary`2 dict_rawinline, List`1 errors, List`1 v_new, FSharpFunc`2 value_add_local, FSharpMap`2 t_glob, FSharpMap`2 v_glob, RawExpr x) in C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\The Spiral Language v0.2\Prepass.fs:line 302
```

```
    let rec prepass_top (t_glob : Map<string,TExpr>) (v_glob : Map<string,Expr>) x =
        let assert_free_vars_empty env =
            env.value.free_vars |> Seq.iter (fun kv -> errors.Add(ErMissingValueVar kv.Key))
            env.type'.free_vars |> Seq.iter (fun kv -> errors.Add(ErMissingTypeVar kv.Key))
        match x with
        | RawLet(a,b,on_succ) ->
            let env = {type'=env t_glob; value=env v_glob}
            let b = prepass_value env b
            assert_free_vars_empty env
            v_new.Add(a,b)
            prepass_top t_glob (Map.add a b v_glob) on_succ
        | RawRecBlock(l,on_succ) ->
            let r,v_glob =
                Array.mapFold (fun env (k,_) ->
                    let r = ref Unchecked.defaultof<_>
                    let r' = Glob r
                    v_new.Add(k,r')
                    r, Map.add k r' env
                    ) v_glob l
            let env = {type'=env t_glob; value=env v_glob}
            Array.iter2 (fun r (_,e) -> r := prepass_value env e) r l
            assert_free_vars_empty env
            prepass_top t_glob v_glob on_succ
        | RawModuleOpen(a,b,on_succ) ->
            let t,v = module_open (t_glob, v_glob) a b
            prepass_top t v on_succ
        | RawB -> ()
        | _ -> failwith "Compiler error in prepass_top."
```

Ok, so what is it getting here?

```
Unhandled exception. System.Exception: Compiler error in prepass_top.
Got: RawPos RawB
```

Ah, for fuck's sake.

```
Unhandled exception. System.Collections.Generic.KeyNotFoundException: The given key 'to' was not present in the dictionary.
   at System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary`2.get_Item(TKey key)
   at Spiral.Prepass.prepass@310.Invoke(PrepassError x) in C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\The Spiral Language v0.2\Prepass.fs:line 325
```

```
            | ErLocalShadowsGlobal x ->
                show_position b var_positions.[x]
                b.AppendFormat("Error: Local variable {0} shadows the global of the same name.", x) |> ignore
```

That would be this. And indeed I am using `to` in the core library.

Why are var positions not...

Ah, yes. I am only adding the vars to the dictionary. Not the bindings - because how could those ever raise an error. Like this apparently.

I am going to have to rename `to` to something else, as `to` is too frequently used in ranges.

```
    let pat_var = small_var' |>> fun x -> if is_box then PatBoxVar x else PatVar x
    let pat_active pattern = exclamation >>. ((small_var' |>> v) <|> rounds expr) .>>. pattern |>> PatActive
    let pat_union pattern = pipe2 big_var' (many ((small_var' |>> PatVar) <|> rounds pattern)) (fun a b -> PatUnion(a,b))
    let pat_value = (value_ |>> PatValue) <|> (def_value_ |>> PatDefaultValue)
    let pat_record_item pattern =
        let inline templ var k = pipe2 var (opt (eq' >>. pattern)) (fun a -> function Some b -> k(a,b) | None -> k(a,PatVar a))
        templ small_var' (fun (str,name) -> PatRecordMembersKeyword(str,name)) <|> templ (dollar >>. small_var') PatRecordMembersInjectVar
```

I should be using `small_var` instead of `small_var'` in quite a few places it seems.

```
    let pat_keyword_fun l = concat_keyword (fun str -> function Some pat -> pat | None -> PatVar str) l
    let pat_keyword pattern = many1 (keyword' .>>. opt pattern) |>> (pat_keyword_fun >> PatKeyword) <|> pattern
```

Right, I forgot about this. I really should be adding positional information everywhere.

5:50pm.

```
Error: Variable ~!!!! not found in the environment.Error trace on line: 177, column: 18 in module Core.
        else !!!!EQ(a,b)
                 ^
Error: Variable EQ not found in the environment.

C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Testing v0.2\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Testing v0.2.exe (process 4512) exited with code 0.
```

And I broke everything.

```
let expressions s = (expressions (raw_expr false) |> operators_unary |> application_tight |> application |> operators) s
```

Let me swap the precedence of unary operators and tight application.

In fact, maybe it would be good to just put unary operators into the expressions themselves.

6pm.

```
let inbuilt_op expr =
    (exclamationx4 >>. big_var) .>>. (rounds (sepBy1 (expr <|> (type' |>> RawType)) comma))
    >>= fun (a, b) d ->
        match string_to_op a with
        | true, op' -> Ok(RawOp(op',List.toArray b))
        | false, _ -> d.FailWith(InbuiltOpNotFound a)

let operators_unary expr =
    choice [|
        type' |>> RawType
        inbuilt_op expr
        pipe2 (opt unary_op) expr (fun op e -> match op with Some op -> ap (v op) e | None -> e)
        |]
```

Would something like this be fine.

6:05pm.

```
Error trace on line: 82, column: 16 in module Core.
inl (`=) a b = !EqType(a,b)
               ^
Error: Variable ~! not found in the environment.Error trace on line: 82, column: 17 in module Core.
inl (`=) a b = !EqType(a,b)
                ^
Error: Variable EqType not found in the environment.Error trace on line: 112, column: 25 in module Core.
inl string_slice x from:to: = !!!!StringSlice(x,from,to)
                        ^
Error: Local variable to shadows the global of the same name.Error trace on line: 134, column: 12 in module Core.
        if lit_is c then error_type
           ^
Error: Variable lit_is not found in the environment.Error trace on line: 146, column: 8 in module Core.
    if lit_is a && lit_is b then op a b
       ^
Error: Variable lit_is not found in the environment.

C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Testing v0.2\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Testing v0.2.exe (process 6496) exited with code 0.
```

Now I am getting the prepass errors properly. Nice.

6:05pm.

```
Unhandled exception. System.Collections.Generic.KeyNotFoundException: The given key 'default_value' was not present in the dictionary.
   at System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary`2.get_Item(TKey key)
   at Spiral.Prepass.prepass@310.Invoke(PrepassError x) in C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\The Spiral Language v0.2\Prepass.fs:line 313
```

What is this?

```
let def_value' x = ap (v "default_value") (lit_string x)
```

Hmmm, this is strange.

```
let def_value' x = RawDefaultValue x
```

Ok...let me add `RawDefaultValue`.

6:15pm. Done with that part. Now I am debugging partial eval errors.

```
    | UnitTest(a,on_succ,on_fail)->
        match v a with
        | TyB -> ev d on_succ
        | _ -> ev d on_fail
```

Here it is trying to access a null reference.

6:20pm. Ah, I get it. Shit. What is going on here is that it is expecting the unit to be in the first place, and is testing for it.

I'll fix this right away.

```
| Some (Inl(a,b)) ->
```

Rather than diving into this right away, what I should do is evaluate the application of this.

```
                let d : LangEnv = {
                    trace = []
                    seq = seq
                    cse = [Dictionary(HashIdentity.Structural)]
                    i = ref 0
                    env_global_type = [||]
                    env_global_value = [||]
                    env_stack_type = [||]
                    env_stack_type_ptr = 0
                    env_stack_value = [||]
                    env_stack_value_ptr = 0
                    }

                let _ : Data = timeit timings.peval <| fun _ -> partial_eval_value dex d (Op(Apply,[|a;B|]))
```

Let me try doing it like this.

```
{ parse = 00:00:00.2354414
  prepass = 00:00:00.0246552
  peval = 00:00:00.0526984
  codegen = 00:00:00.0196183 }
let ((var_0 : int64)) = 15L

C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\Testing v0.2\bin\Debug\netcoreapp3.1\Testing v0.2.exe (process 1312) exited with code 0.
```

Wooooooooooooooo!!!

It finally works!!!

6:25pm. This is nice. Not only did I finish the core library, but I also got the first example to run.

Tomorrow I am going to see whether I can get rid of the need to append () at the end of every module, and after that I will continue with the further examples.

6:35pm. I've already wound down and am wondering whether I should put a few words in.

I've been thinking about math lately. I told myself never again, and indeed I am never touching pure math again.

When I am done with this whole Spiral thing in a year or two, what I should do is study physics. If I am going to break the backprop induced stalemate, I am going to need some inspiration, and what better way to get it than to study actual physical systems.

At this point I have programming mostly wrapped up.

Only ML is really giving me trouble and this whole thing is going to come to a head eventually.

Spiking NNs will be a battering ram once I get access to them, so I should make sure to aim it properly. This time. No more of the same embarrassing bullshit like in 2018 where I have enormous inspiration that just dies every time. Also no more schizophrenic pestering of various authors. I got my fill of that to last me a lifetime. I definitely regret that one.

6:40pm. For the next year or so, I'll aim to rescue Intel/some other random startup from having to write their libraries all in C.

For once I am going to have to get a job, no way around it, so the ideal outcome would be to get early access to these neurochips after Spiral is in a decent state. This would get me funds that I could not get through RL, the opportunity to upgrade my rig in addition to the those chips that I need, and would place the in the very near vicinity of where all this is going to blow up.

Fundamentally, since GPUs are a bust, these chips are what I should be playing with.

I need to absolutely aim for this.

Spiral v0.2 is what is going to get me through the door, so I should not hesitate to complete it."

---
## [sfan5/mpv](https://github.com/sfan5/mpv)@[a908101258...](https://github.com/sfan5/mpv/commit/a908101258bc5c8d33ded6a1e750fb65df8cf640)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 19:58:36 by wm4

vo_gpu: attempt to fix 0bgr format

Using e.g. --vf=format=0bgr showed obviously wrong colors with --vo=gpu.
The reason is that leading padding wasn't handled correctly.

Try to hack fix it. While the code in copy_image() is somewhat
reasonable, I can't tell what the fuck is going on with that HOOKED
shit. For some reason this HOOKED shit doesn't use copy_image() (???),
or uses it incorrectly. It affects debanding. --deband=no works
correctly. If it's enabled, the crap in hook_prelude() is needed.

I bet there are many more bugs with this. For example, the deband shader
will try to deband the alpha channel if the format abgr is used (because
the correct component order is only established later). This can be
tested by inserting a "color.x = 0;" at the end of the deband shader,
and using --vf=format=rgba vs. abgr.

I cannot comprehend why it doesn't just store explicitly which
components a texture contains, and why it doesn't just read the
components always in an uniform way.

There's a big chance this fix works only by coincidence. This shouldn't
have been so hard either. Time for a complete rewrite?

---
## [0xadada/0xadada.github.io](https://github.com/0xadada/0xadada.github.io)@[f69ef06ee0...](https://github.com/0xadada/0xadada.github.io/commit/f69ef06ee08557800d22be7b7ed560b531740089)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 20:17:33 by 0xADADA

🙍 new post Buttigieg has a section of his book where he bags on Harvard Jobs for Justice organizing the janitors. 

Big fuck you too, buddy.

---
## [Koha-Community/Koha](https://github.com/Koha-Community/Koha)@[3e5eb8aacf...](https://github.com/Koha-Community/Koha/commit/3e5eb8aacf39cab5bac519f9b173ba5a6c34abf3)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 21:36:42 by Jonathan Druart

Bug 24123: Fix import of UTF-8 encoded MARC21 MARCXML using bulkmarcimport (elastic only)

If elastic is used as search engine, the bulkmarcimport.pl will not
handle correctly UTF-8 encoded MARCXML

Koha::SearchEngine::Search->new uses a require statement to load the correct Search module.
This is done l.257 of bulkmarcimport.pl:
  257 my $searcher = Koha::SearchEngine::Search->new

Koha::SearchEngine::Elasticsearch::Search will `use MARC::File::XML`, and so resets the arguments set before:
  216     $MARC::File::XML::_load_args{BinaryEncoding} = 'utf-8';

  220     $MARC::File::XML::_load_args{RecordFormat} = $recordformat;

An easy (but dirty) fix could be to move the declaration of my $searcher before in the script.
The tricky (but correct) fix would be to remove the long standing "ugly hack follows" comment.

This patch is the easy, and dirty, fix

Test plan:
Use the command line tool to import MARXCML records that contains unicode characters into Koha

Something like `misc/migration_tools/bulkmarcimport.pl -biblios -file record.marcxml -m=MARCXML`

Without this patch you will notice that unicode characters will not be displayed correctly

Signed-off-by: Michal Denar <black23@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Tomas Cohen Arazi <tomascohen@theke.io>
Signed-off-by: Martin Renvoize <martin.renvoize@ptfs-europe.com>

Signed-off-by: Joy Nelson <joy@bywatersolutions.com>
(cherry picked from commit b11946bc377ec2c6474f9dc2192fda8188c86888)

Signed-off-by: Lucas Gass <lucas@bywatersolutions.com>

---
## [PiotrusWatson/level4project](https://github.com/PiotrusWatson/level4project)@[205034aa2a...](https://github.com/PiotrusWatson/level4project/commit/205034aa2ab17f9aaba07e7669c9f10b2c07c8f7)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-05 23:01:22 by PiotrusWatson

almost done refactoring the fucken data loader section GOD I HATE PROGRAMMING

---

# [<](2020-02-04.md) 2020-02-05 [>](2020-02-06.md)

