# [<](2020-10-28.md) 2020-10-29 [>](2020-10-30.md)

2,949,274 events, 1,493,358 push events, 2,330,576 commit messages, 168,017,846 characters


## [ArrowOS-Devices/android_kernel_motorola_sanders](https://github.com/ArrowOS-Devices/android_kernel_motorola_sanders)@[d097510dae...](https://github.com/ArrowOS-Devices/android_kernel_motorola_sanders/commit/d097510dae4e4be3dd4a1c932d838b4bbb839f31)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 00:59:39 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, fslmc, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here
     Add of to avoid backporting two larger patches]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: ashwatthama <sai404142@gmail.com>

---
## [GerHobbelt/qiqqa-open-source](https://github.com/GerHobbelt/qiqqa-open-source)@[779b6e1b67...](https://github.com/GerHobbelt/qiqqa-open-source/commit/779b6e1b67e4af0a7492aa8681a77da8add73aae)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 01:34:54 by Ger Hobbelt

- tweaked the sync dialog and the table therein to look a little more suitable, instead of brutally clipped off.
- added the Sync Target column at the right size in there, so you can see what Qiqqa thinks the current Sync Target directory might be. `(null)` when none has been set up.
- WARNING: this stuff is not yet editable!
- File.Copy() gives out a horrible user-unfriendly exception: path only, no cause, no blurb about it being the source or target either. Hackily fixed for the sync template database now. Must be inspected. MIGHT be just good enough for recovering from a broken sync target database like Simon Dedman in https://github.com/jimmejardine/qiqqa-open-source/issues/257 is possibly sadled with. (IFF one goes and *manually* deletes the corrupted XYZ.s3db database file in that sync destination, anyway. Dangerous stuff. :-)

---
## [newstools/2020-sabc-news-online](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sabc-news-online)@[acb1098ee8...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sabc-news-online/commit/acb1098ee8db18052d3e4a4d67bf22e0d3e7730f)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 02:53:14 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.sabcnews.com/sabcnews/father-and-boyfriend-arrested-for-rape-of-15-year-old-girl/]

---
## [JaronArmiger/letusbreathe](https://github.com/JaronArmiger/letusbreathe)@[9edcccc576...](https://github.com/JaronArmiger/letusbreathe/commit/9edcccc5766c9791a15c756b619d0ecd21891f49)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 04:53:17 by JaronArmiger

change url in Photo components...I'm a fukcing idiot god damn shit ass FUCK

---
## [childish-gambino/osquery_deps](https://github.com/childish-gambino/osquery_deps)@[96dfea25e1...](https://github.com/childish-gambino/osquery_deps/commit/96dfea25e1f00102c3bd352bf4fe889f051f4dfa)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 07:35:14 by childish-gambino

Hello darkness my old friend
I just spend days as many as ten
To fix issue as silly as I am
And a bitter revelation to never trust them...
/r/til/
1. You can never trust official documentation
2. Question everything, including your judgments
3. Whenever you have this feeling that I have done everything they
said is needed to be done but this still doesn't work. How can i
even begin to fix this, remember this pattern. When that happens, it's
a divine hint to take the matter into your own hands.

---
## [da-art85/vanilla-docker](https://github.com/da-art85/vanilla-docker)@[e5361bf127...](https://github.com/da-art85/vanilla-docker/commit/e5361bf1271a2d7c335f15a7c20cb51238630525)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 08:42:49 by David Allen Arteaga

Creator of human rights preserved

So if the governments and leaders can allow someone to issue a certain amount of pollution in the environment through a 
Environmental services ticket and their are many other  examples of dumb it down political arguments why should our youth want to be like us. I know this is silly 
But maybe we shouldn't talk about making changes and see the bigger picture in motion. There nothing a political candidate can promise that they will truly uphold because 
Debates cover such micro portion of our problems. If the devil is alive he still be tell lies just like our leaders . We can vote but don't make or break the electoral colleges vote. So I promote a boycott of the presidential election so those who get to have the vote count can be responsible for the outcomes of the election and have to answer to the public's uproar. For once we'll
See how "do as I say not as I do" is the only for virtual apes and that a parent, leader, or board member. Should and will always protect themselves and their property first...etc
 the public is not even top ten. Resources are not slim or limited but our need for money grows with are ego. God said ask and he shall receive. Money doesn't solve problems it only creates the needy & hungry  poor souls or life styles of the rich and famous. No one should have to pay to eat or have some where to sleep. We should elect a random hobo or bozo that way the can tell the youth how their future is unjustified and forsaken but don't argue it is what it is and we're all dealt the same hand you just didn't use a poker face, so we have to cattle brand you with micro chips to keep track of you and all the worthless ideas that get thrown around by technology media & social platforming talking about certain topics never killed
anyone neither did an imaginary throat punch shut me up. This might be off topic but I  speak my mind not to be heard but because it's truthfully my & our greatest gift from God. Our  voice and words came from the snake in the grass so cover up your naked... shame  and eat the fruit your father said not to for surely you will not die. Truthfully we do die but our soul wasn't ours and never up for grabs but our loyalty is confused for pride and too much to ourself only decides the future of Nothing in my hands can pull a rabbit from a hat. Magic isn't real unless your just a bitcon gullable. Replacing one lie with another is just gonna leave the world blind. Crime shouldn't never pay but payback and leaders that talk more than solving our problems shouldn't be paid anything because of net worth our belief in God and his trust the American dollar was broke. So now they scramble to find a solution when the solution has been there for us since the we first time humanity's disobedience was forgiven but at a price. ask and ye shall receive. I'm sure their is someone who disagrees. But they probably have money and everything they need or say I pray and it goes unanswered... Etc. But God didn't say ask me for it and I'll give it to ya. Funny how you always make it about you and not we.

---
## [dwijnand/scala](https://github.com/dwijnand/scala)@[f86da35baf...](https://github.com/dwijnand/scala/commit/f86da35baf019f68ccf6d955c7d1af9e0d1dd11c)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 09:47:07 by Dale Wijnand

Travis CI: make a command error fatal

I saw a CI log where the failure to build and bootstrap didn't kill the
job, trying to fetch that starr version to testOsgi did...  Previously
this wasn't the case because there was a "set -e" (aka "-o errexit")
present which I just recently removed, because I confused it with "set
-x" (which is "-o xtrace"). -.-

There's a bit of an holy war on "set -e" usage but I (still?) tend to
lean on the "don't rely on it" side.  I'd initially gone with my "append
everything important with `|| travis_terminate 1`" solution, but I found
the "make it one big command with `&&`" way to be perhaps better because
I think it's harder to not do the wrong thing that way (i.e.  forget to
append travis_terminate).  I think the downside is a failure reports the
entire chain of commands rather than explicitly which one failed...

However, as many other scripts use "set -e" so we'll keep it consistent.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[077d6685df...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/077d6685df3786d211b8e72bf1b315c65bae3944)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 11:12:26 by Marko Grdinić

"8:25am. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxUBLrWzK30
Baldur's Gate Arcane Spell Guide Level 1

Yesterday I ended up watching these spell guides till 12:30am. Slept like a rock afterwards. I actually downloaded the game while I was watching this.

I am going to face this demon of mine - my strategy in BG while I was a kid was to use cheats. I hated wizards because blasting spells were so shit, but I want to know what a properly played wizard is like.

10:25am. That was a good bit of fun, it brings back memories. Let me stop the game here and focus on programming from here on out.

10:30am. Yeah, it is true that I wasted 2h of the morning, but the fact is that I only had so much energy because I was looking forward to this.

I really want to continue playing, but forget that. I first need to let the urge disperse, and then focus on the task at hand.

First of all, what is even the task at hand?

Yesterday I had that great burst of insight and did the following.

```fs
let rec load dict project_dir =
    MVar.modifyFun (fun m ->
        match Map.tryFind project_dir m with
        | Some f -> m, f
        | None ->
            let f = Hopac.memo (Job.delay <| fun () ->
                match load' project_dir with
                | Ok x as a -> Seq.Con.iterJob (snd >> load dict) x.packages >>-. a
                | Error _ as a -> Job.result a
                )
            Map.add project_dir f m, f
        ) dict >>= Job.Ignore
```

It is a big deal to make this. This is the ideal way of doing concurrent loading with memoization.

10:35am. The next thing I should (re)do is the validator.

```fs
{|schema=x; packages=packages; links=links.ToArray(); actions=actions.ToArray(); errors=errors.ToArray()|}
```

I need to give this a type.

```fs
type ValidatedSchema = {
    schema : Schema
    packages : RString list
    links : RString []
    actions : RString []
    errors : RString list
    }
```

Let me do it like this. Now there is less noise in the type.

10:50am.

```fs
type ValidatedSchema = {
    schema : Schema
    packages : (VSCRange * string) list
    links : {|uri : string; range : VSCRange|} []
    actions : {|action : ProjectCodeAction; range : VSCRange|} []
    errors : VSCError []
    }
```

Ok, it is ridiculous how many different ways I have of writing the `Range * string`. I am going to refactor this. Right now this is insane. I'll do it even on the VS Code side.

```fs
type VSCError = string * VSCRange
```

Rather than call these `VSCErrors` and ranges, let me make this normal.

11:05am. Focus me, stop looking up info on how many hit dice the ogres have.

```fs
module VSCTypes

type Pos = {|line : int; character : int|}
type Range = Pos * Pos
type RangeS = Range * string
```

What I did was make this specific module just for the VSC ranges. I should have done this long ago.

```fs
type ProjectCodeAction =
    | CreateFile of {|filePath : string|}
    | DeleteFile of {|range: Range; filePath : string|} // The range here includes the postfix operators.
    | RenameFile of {|filePath : string; target : string|}
    | CreateDirectory of {|dirPath : string|}
    | DeleteDirectory of {|range: Range; dirPath : string|} // The range here is for the whole tree, not just the code action activation.
    | RenameDirectory of {|dirPath : string; target : string; validate_as_file : bool|}

type RangeA = Range * ProjectCodeAction
type ValidatedSchema = {
    schema : Schema
    packages : RangeS list
    links : RangeS []
    actions : RangeA []
    errors : RangeS []
    }
```

Now I have this.

11:20am. I went streamlining things everywhere when it comes to ranges. Now I have `Range * string` everywhere when applicable.

Actually, let me make it `RString` and `RAction`. Rename is a god tier feature in F#.

11:25am.

```fs
type PackageValidatedSchemas = Map<string,Result<ValidatedSchema,string> Promise>
let rec load dict project_dir =
    MVar.modifyFun (fun (m : PackageValidatedSchemas) ->
```

It seems Hopac has two different `MVar` types in the library. I ran into a naming clash when trying to annotate at the top level.

11:35am. I am thinking. The refactoring I did was definitely a needed one.

But right now I need to deal with the validator.

In addition to what I had before, I should make error propagation concurrent. It only makes sense considering the...

Hmmm, actually, forget propagating errors.

That will speed things up the most. It will also allow me to leave file validation for the `schema` function.

11:40am. Hmmm, but I really should have the error propagation. It will make locating package errors much easier.

Actually, I see how to do it concurrently now. I got an idea.

12:05pm. Actually, I am going to pass on concurrent propagation. It is too complicated. In the loader I am doing it because it is doing IO, but here things should be fast even if I do it sequentially.

In fact, could I load the file async?

12:10pm.

```fs
let load' project_dir =
    let p = Path.Combine(project_dir,"package.spiproj")
    if File.Exists(p) then
        Job.catch (Job.fromTask (fun () -> File.ReadAllTextAsync(p))) >>- function
        | Choice1Of2 f ->
            match config f with
            | Ok x -> schema project_dir x |> Ok
            | Error er -> {schema=schema_def; packages=[]; links=[||]; actions=[||]; errors=er} |> Ok
        | Choice2Of2 er -> Error er.Message
    else Job.result (Error "The package file does not exist.")
```

Let me go with this."

---
## [SenchoPens/senixos](https://github.com/SenchoPens/senixos)@[5d28629e10...](https://github.com/SenchoPens/senixos/commit/5d28629e102fd9ef88f20d2e180e066611393edb)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 11:25:06 by Arseniy Chekanov

wonderful commit: airline fuckign fuck i lost half a day with no result why i am so dumb hate myself

---
## [aleksanderbrymora/mobx-cheatsheets](https://github.com/aleksanderbrymora/mobx-cheatsheets)@[92f3adb3bb...](https://github.com/aleksanderbrymora/mobx-cheatsheets/commit/92f3adb3bb167d14a8ec10d8e80c6e2c5e00e0bc)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 13:00:57 by Aleksander Brymora

can submit an edit with enter
hate my life for that hack but hey its working

---
## [EamonnMR/mpevmvp](https://github.com/EamonnMR/mpevmvp)@[a6cb194ab0...](https://github.com/EamonnMR/mpevmvp/commit/a6cb194ab049b0e083627d5bc2a09584f736e47e)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 13:16:59 by EamonnMR

Show circles to indicate which system you're in

The whole Multiverse / Level / World structure is kinda ugly and horrible.

I really need to find a cleaner way to expose it.

---
## [brandonhuddle/Artemis](https://github.com/brandonhuddle/Artemis)@[d10b58dd90...](https://github.com/brandonhuddle/Artemis/commit/d10b58dd9079f5b5046159adfad1cca647cca73b)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 13:23:09 by Brandon Huddle

Added support for basic swipe gesture navigation

I created a custom `HistoryNavigationView` with other supporting classes that
supports navigation through "swiping" through the history. Sadly Google treas
Android developers like they're idiots so we can't override the OS swipe navigation
to support our own. Hopefully Google will wise up in the next year or two, I
personally hate the current swipe navigation Google offers. It's basically just
a gimped version of what iOS has. I wish I couldn't say iOS did it better but
here we are.

---
## [Wageesha95/moragpacalculator](https://github.com/Wageesha95/moragpacalculator)@[474b9e0a51...](https://github.com/Wageesha95/moragpacalculator/commit/474b9e0a5115dc37a213bd89c9e4fe7c3dfb08c2)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 15:27:36 by Thilina Liyanage

 FUCK you git fuck uuuu....  again rearrange server and web mannually.. work fine

---
## [newstools/2020-sabc-news-online](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sabc-news-online)@[cc3f2c75b3...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sabc-news-online/commit/cc3f2c75b34751c0965abe35f0560435ee3f2006)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 15:57:04 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.sabcnews.com/sabcnews/father-alleged-boyfriend-arrested-for-rape-of-15-year-old-girl/]

---
## [newstools/2020-zoutnet](https://github.com/newstools/2020-zoutnet)@[958feb2ed6...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-zoutnet/commit/958feb2ed61a6d4cc722cb8e152064ae8f7434ab)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 17:27:27 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [zoutnet.co.za/articles/news/53314/2020-10-29/man-stabs-girlfriend-to-death-after-accusing-her-of-cheating]

---
## [IRBosman/The-Gloomlands](https://github.com/IRBosman/The-Gloomlands)@[85510a1906...](https://github.com/IRBosman/The-Gloomlands/commit/85510a190648683bdb9fe0a8d5627525588bbccd)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 18:30:13 by RutgerBos

Some minor additions

Captain's log: today was a bad day. Couldn't really focus and could only make some minor additions.

I've been pondering the curses. On the one hand, we know they'll lead to that the lands are fucked. On the other hand: it wouldn't make sense if the gods or Emperor McBastard would curse the land directly. The gods curse him to punish him for his actions. He curses the gods to spit them. I've tried to write the curses to sort of  set up things. May have to reconsider three curses on the land? Three times three curses would be the most narratively appropriate, but maybe I should just stop trying to make that happen and stick to one really good one.

I like the idea of the curse spreading as a way for why people started coming here a lot, maybe more so than just 'here be treasure.'

We need some sort of town; a place where players can start out, and consider a safe base, maybe.  I must find some narrative reason for why there are more than just 'forward bases'. Regular joes are usefu and I'd rather not NOT have them here.
It also sort of implies though, that the adventure/colonisation of the Gloomlands has been going on for a while. Towns/villages take a while to form.

---
## [krydderen/Mecanum-Robot](https://github.com/krydderen/Mecanum-Robot)@[0230b9acd4...](https://github.com/krydderen/Mecanum-Robot/commit/0230b9acd4a616cb281a9d1fc6667102c3b72d0f)
#### Thursday 2020-10-29 20:02:19 by Kevin Moen

Fuck motorcontroller v0.1, my homies hate that shit

---

# [<](2020-10-28.md) 2020-10-29 [>](2020-10-30.md)

