# [<](2020-12-27.md) 2020-12-28 [>](2020-12-29.md)

2,281,588 events, 1,203,590 push events, 1,769,431 commit messages, 120,951,205 characters


## [NetHack/NetHack](https://github.com/NetHack/NetHack)@[7e20be61df...](https://github.com/NetHack/NetHack/commit/7e20be61dfb8bff7ee05799f5be16d4ad72ca3ab)
#### Monday 2020-12-28 03:37:20 by nhmall

Art Contribution: Differentiating gendered monster tiles PR #430

From the pull request author NullCGT:

This pull request is a response to 0c3b964, in which nhmall expressed interest in contributions that would make gendered tiles visually distinguishable from one another. Since I've spent way too many hours editing NetHack's default tileset and the thought of trying to merge this commit into my variant gives me an absurdly massive headache, I thought I would have a go at it!

Making tiles of different genders distinct in NetHack presents an interesting problem. While it would be fun to create highly distinct tiles for every gender, doing so would reduce the accessibility of the game, since players would have to remember many more tiles, and might end up confusing one monster for another. Visual clarity is key.

Therefore, I had the following goals when creating this pull request:

1. If there is an interesting way to differentiate tiles by gender, do so.
2. Any sort of differentiation should be minor enough that a user can still tell what a monster is at a glance. Essentially, visual clarity comes before differentiation by gender.
3. Try to use a "TDTTOE method" of differentiating tiles. For example, female cats are more colorful than males, because generally male cats have only two colors of fur. Basically, I spent a lot of time on wikipedia researching sex characteristics of different species.
4. Try not to fall into "female = longer hair / eyelashes." While this feature will unfortunately require some gender-essentialist visual shorthand, this tropes is overdone and exhausting.

Please let me know what you think; I'm totally open to feedback on all of this and happy to make modifications. I've attached the resulting tiles file to this post in png form.

The alterations made in this pull request are as follows:

- Female ants are slightly larger than male ants, just like in real life. I could have added wings to the male ants, but I felt that doing so would lead to some confusion.
- Female wolves are slightly smaller than male wolves. There wasn't a great way to show this without making winter wolves look very similar to winter wolf cubs, so I just made the female wolves tails slightly shorter.
- Calico cats are almost exclusively female, so I turned the female cats into calico cats. The other piece of logic behind this choice was that players will probably really enjoy seeing different variants of their pets.
- Female hobbits, minotaurs, humans, werecreatures, and aleaxes wear slightly different clothing.
- Dwarfs are not differentiated in any way whatsoever. According to Terry Pratchett (in Unseen Academicals, if I remember correctly) it is almost impossible to tell what gender a dwarf is, even for fellow dwarfs. I strongly believe that NetHack should follow this tradition.
- Female leprechauns, archons, frost giants, guards, and all types of gnomes are clean-shaven. Although of course not one hundred percent accurate, it's convenient visual shorthand.
- Centaur tiles have no differentiation because the different types of centaurs are already extremely difficult to tell apart from one another.
- Female ogre tyrants and elven monarchs have slightly different crowns.
- Female quantum mechanics have a different hairstyle and no beard. Genetic engineers look the same, because the genetic engineer tile is perfect.
- Female barrow wights look like old grandmothers with flyaway hair. I kept the hair color the same and used a similar quantity of pixels so that they look similar enough to the males that you can tell they are barrow wights.
- Female archeologist tile is a reference to a certain archeologist known for raiding tombs.

---
## [OpenVisionE2/openvision-development-platform](https://github.com/OpenVisionE2/openvision-development-platform)@[c5be31744d...](https://github.com/OpenVisionE2/openvision-development-platform/commit/c5be31744d6efa10708675ba1e7d581573c48011)
#### Monday 2020-12-28 07:54:56 by persianpros

Don't compile what's needed for enigma2-plugin-extensions-dvdburn

Who even use this dvb burn anymore?

We have meta-enigma2-dvdburn on our feeds for it so we should not compile

dvd+rw-tools
dvdauthor
mjpegtools
cdrkit

at the first build stage!

dvdauthor will fuck the first builds almost all the time so skip that shit.

---
## [ijc/devicetree-conversion-state-v2](https://github.com/ijc/devicetree-conversion-state-v2)@[e2b1d5a38e...](https://github.com/ijc/devicetree-conversion-state-v2/commit/e2b1d5a38eedff3d9ed6f830a1477ae58ccd9727)
#### Monday 2020-12-28 08:17:39 by Mark Brown

Merge series "regulator: bd718x7: support voltage scaling" from Matti Vaittinen <matti.vaittinen@fi.rohmeurope.com>:

RFC for adding a support for typical voltage scaling connection

In few occasions there has been a need to scale the voltage output
from bucks on BD71837. Usually this is done when buck8 is used to
power specific GPU which can utilize voltages down to 0.7V. As lowest
the buck8 on BD71837 can go is 0.8V, and external connection is used to
scale the voltages.

The BD71837, BD71847 and BD71850 bucks can be adjusted by pulling up the
feedback pin using suitable voltage/resistors.

	|---------------|
	|       buck 8  |-------+----->Vout
	|               |       |
	|---------------|       |
	       |                |
	       |                |
	       +-------+--R2----+
	               |
	               R1
	               |
	       V FB-pull-up

This will scale the voltage as follows:
 - Vout_o = Vo - (Vpu - Vo)*R2/R1
 - Linear_step = step_orig*(R1+R2)/R1
where:
Vout_o is adjusted voltage output at vsel reg value 0
Vo is original voltage output at vsel reg value 0
Vpu is the pull-up voltage V FB-pull-up in the picture
R1 and R2 are resistor values.

>From HW point of view this does not need to be limited to buck 8. This
connection can be used to adjust output from any of the bucks on
BD71837/47/50.

As this seems to be a 'de-facto' way to scale the voltages on BD71837 it
might be a good idea to support computing the new voltage ranges for
bucks based on the V-pull-up and resistor R1/R2 values given from
device-tree. This allows describing the external HW connection using DT
to correctly scale the voltages.

This RFC uses "rohm,feedback-pull-up-r1-ohms" and
"rohm,feedback-pull-up-r2-ohms" to provide the resistor values - but
these names (without the picture) might not be too descriptive. I am
grateful for all suggestions as better and more descriptive names.

This patch series is an RFC because this connection feels somewhat
"hacky". OTOH - when hack becomes widely used, it is less of an hack and
more of a standard - and occasionally supporting HW hacks using SW may
benefit us all, right? :)

The other thing some projects do is allowing the change of BD71837 buck8
voltages when buck8 is enabled. This however will introduce voltage
spikes as buck8 was not originally designed for this. The specific HW
platform must be evaluated to be able to tolerate these spikes. Thus
this patch series does not support buck8 voltage changes when buck8 is
enabled. I wonder if this should be allowed per some config option(?) I
don't want to help people frying their boards... Opinions? Is there
suggested way of allowing this type of features at own risk? Config or
even Some #ifdef which is not listed in Kconfig? Device-tree property?
 If you have (good) suggestions I could add the optional (non default)
DVS support for non DVS bucks on BD71837.

Matti Vaittinen (3):
  dt-bindings: regulator: BD71837 support commonly used feedback
    connection
  dt-bindings: regulator: BD71847 support commonly used feedback
    connection
  regulator: bd718x7: Support external connection to scale voltages

 .../regulator/rohm,bd71837-regulator.yaml     |  48 +++++
 .../regulator/rohm,bd71847-regulator.yaml     |  49 ++++++
 drivers/regulator/bd718x7-regulator.c         | 164 +++++++++++++++++-
 3 files changed, 254 insertions(+), 7 deletions(-)

base-commit: 3cea11cd5e3b00d91caf0b4730194039b45c5891
--
2.21.3

--
Matti Vaittinen, Linux device drivers
ROHM Semiconductors, Finland SWDC
Kiviharjunlenkki 1E
90220 OULU
FINLAND

~~~ "I don't think so," said Rene Descartes. Just then he vanished ~~~
Simon says - in Latin please.
~~~ "non cogito me" dixit Rene Descarte, deinde evanescavit ~~~
Thanks to Simon Glass for the translation =]

[ upstream commit: 51c0a0c63fd0cf1953086cd6ec7d6f068418441a ]

---
## [msm8953-dev/device_xiaomi_mido](https://github.com/msm8953-dev/device_xiaomi_mido)@[63c6336c39...](https://github.com/msm8953-dev/device_xiaomi_mido/commit/63c6336c395c5a6551da6a2c9e10d87b3e5202e5)
#### Monday 2020-12-28 13:27:54 by Gagan Malvi

mido: Change path naming for cert

* Added legacy-um to devicetree itself so fuck you

Signed-off-by: Gagan Malvi <gagan@malvi.ml>
Change-Id: Ie808b6b7bb7f90ba798604530c3f0e85a0534626

---
## [Python-tech-boy/AI-V-3.0](https://github.com/Python-tech-boy/AI-V-3.0)@[31592206d6...](https://github.com/Python-tech-boy/AI-V-3.0/commit/31592206d68853022640e996136933367a9263eb)
#### Monday 2020-12-28 15:00:27 by Python-tech-boy

The AI V. 3.0

Hello user!

Thanks for downloading the AI!

Before running the AI please note these things -->

1. You need to install the dependencies. You can manually install them or can go to the "Dependencies" folder and run the ".bat" file.

2. It can only run on --> Windows 10 -> 1507 , H1 , H2 , H2 v.2 | 8 , 8.1 , 8.2 | 7 and xp.

3. You need to install "Python 3.8" from Microsoft store only!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

What can it do?

1. Play any music on the web.

2. Has a mind refreshing playlist.

3. Send e-mails.

4. 2x Faster that other python AI's on youtube.

5. Set alarms.

6. Tell you jokes, stories , music etc...

7. A perfect GUI (Not like others on youtube)

8. Has a snake game. (Made by Tim)

9. It's OPEN SOURCE !!! So any one can upgrade it !!!

10. Indicats the action using different sounds.

11. Has both male and female sounds.

12. Much more for you !!!

---------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks !!!

---------------------------------------------------------------
CREATED ON -->  13:32 28-12-2020
Country --> India
By --> Prasoon rai.

For any queries send a E-mail on -> arduinoboy.vbps@gmail.com
To get help, join my Skype -->  https://join.skype.com/XObO15QhLbpx
---------------------------------------------------------------

---
## [manen/website](https://github.com/manen/website)@[09d6f2b699...](https://github.com/manen/website/commit/09d6f2b69988e6444237bcc4430b0103f0a454b7)
#### Monday 2020-12-28 20:20:54 by manen

TypeScript, functional components, snowpack
Long story short I already made all of these goddamn changes but vscode decided to delete all of it god fucking damnit

---

# [<](2020-12-27.md) 2020-12-28 [>](2020-12-29.md)

