# [<](2020-10-09.md) 2020-10-10 [>](2020-10-11.md)

2,090,884 events, 1,180,920 push events, 1,640,474 commit messages, 98,342,073 characters


## [BradfordMedeiros/ModEngine](https://github.com/BradfordMedeiros/ModEngine)@[6415b354a8...](https://github.com/BradfordMedeiros/ModEngine/commit/6415b354a89781f09cb6c2417e86946f07413b5b)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 03:58:57 by brad medeiros

framebuffer texture 3 gets a fucking pretty blurred texture, fuck yea holy shit arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

---
## [cgifford99/cos360](https://github.com/cgifford99/cos360)@[d649719b8e...](https://github.com/cgifford99/cos360/commit/d649719b8e92aee37529302e31870b889982b95c)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 04:34:47 by Christopher Gifford

Finished CofinFin fucking bullshit piece of shit cofinite asshole I hate this class. Added gitignore

---
## [WammKD/Swanye](https://github.com/WammKD/Swanye)@[ef8b33fac4...](https://github.com/WammKD/Swanye/commit/ef8b33fac4f61748bbf08b98aafb6a3606be2125)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 04:59:34 by Sherlock Holmes

Damned Hell.

I don't _think_ this is a source of pain since all calls, at the
moment, are just asking for the ID and not the whole object but
this'll become trouble down the line.

---
## [jeremyschlatter/nixpkgs](https://github.com/jeremyschlatter/nixpkgs)@[6821485e8c...](https://github.com/jeremyschlatter/nixpkgs/commit/6821485e8ccdd3372e7b7d892dd6de0686826012)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 05:23:31 by Jeremy Schlatter

overhaul of scripts directory

(This commit message got a bit out of hand.)

---

I have several utility programs I've developed for myself, and the
collection is slowly growing over time.

I'm appreciating having them checked in to my nix configuration, because
of the usual benefits of nix. Most notably, that I can easily transfer
these programs between computers and keep them in sync with my latest
updates. There is ~zero marginal overhead to adding a new custom utility
program to every unix computer I currently use or will use in the future
when I do it this way.

But this approach also bears the standard costs of nix, most notably
that there is overhead work in getting the packaging machinery set up
correctly. Some of the valuable scripts I can write are very small, and
it will not be worth doing if the overhead is too high.

So there is value for me in reducing the packaging overhead of new
scripts. What I had in place before this commit did a decent job of
that. I could more or less just add a new .go, .py, .sh, .rs, or .hs
file, and it would be packaged up and usable on all my machines.

---

Problems

I've been using this machinery for a while. Just under 17 months,
according to my commit history. And I've started experiencing some
strain with it:

1. Low support for using third-party libraries. I accomplish this in
   Python by adding all third-party libraries to the environment used by
   every Python script. Works, but slightly hacky. There is a similar Go
   hack, which requires more lines of code and is a bit more hacky.
   I do not support this in Rust at all, which actually once kept me from
   writing a Rust script that I otherwise would have written.
2. Slow rebuilds: modifying or adding one script forces re-compilation
   of everything. (Mainly a problem w/ the Haskell scripts, since
   everything else is interpreted or compiles quickly.)
3. Requires "sandbox = false" in my nix config. Somewhat of a problem
   aesthetically, but more importantly a problem practically since my
   work computer has "sandbox = true" and I should probably leave it
   that way.
4. Relatively minor, but I now dislike the decision to put files in
   directories according to their language of implementation.
5. Unvendored runtime dependencies. This was the one that pushed me into
   pulling the trigger on revamping my scripts infrastructure, and I'll
   expand on it below.

---

Unvendored runtime dependencies

Some of my scripts call out to external programs at runtime. These
external programs include:

    - hub
    - bat
    - entr
    - kitty
    - nix
    - jeremy-post-install

All of these are programs that my nix profile installs anyway, so this
seemed basically fine. (Though in one case, entr, I only ever use it
through the script, and would not otherwise want to have it in my
profile.) It felt slightly bad to have undeclared dependencies like
this, but I didn't worry much about it.

But then I wanted to write a script that used unzip.

...

If I were writing that program in a professional capacity, and I wanted
to use unzip, I would very likely figure out how to do the same thing
using a library instead. Adding a library is a much smaller cost than
adding an external program. It means you make fewer assumptions about
the host you're running on, and so can run on more computers. It means
your behavior is more consistent between computers: different computers
have different versions of programs like unzip, and they take different
flags, have different bugs and runtimes. Depending on external programs
makes your program worse.

(Another lens on this is that depending on an external program widens
the interface of your program. Your program is typically defined in
terms of things like input and output streams, filesystems, network
access. Now you are also defining it in terms of execution of specific
programs. What's worse is that these dependencies frequently not
declared anywhere.)

(Another lens on this is that depending on external programs means you
make more assumptions about your host, and assumptions can be wrong.)

In contrast, implementing such behavior via libraries has much better
properties: execution is faster because you do not need to context
switch or serialize and deserialize data, the total size of the code you
are depending on is typically smaller, which is good for a host of
reasons including fewer code paths, and you can be very specific about
the code you are depending on, pinning it to exact commits or builds,
increasing reliability. It does not matter whether the host has some
particular program installed, thus you decrease your potential failure
modes by one.

...

But I don't _want_ to figure out how to do this via a library. I did
look into it, briefly. Go even has .zip decompression [in its standard
library][1]. But the interface is unfamiliar and a bit complicated, and
anyway the code I wanted to use it with expected the results as files on
disk (exactly what unzip does) rather than as Go structures in memory,
and so I would have to do some extra serializing step or modify the
consumer somehow...

It just didn't seem worth it. This is a small script that I'm writing
for myself. I want to write it in the easiest way. I don't care about
the runtime cost here. The runtime cost from context switching and
serializing/deserializing was trivial in the place that I was going to
use it.

But I do care about reliability.

That's kind of the whole point of nix, right? Reproducible builds.
Package all of the dependencies.

And I had a vision of how this could work.

---

There are many programming languages in use today. This, I think, is a
good and necessary thing. But it is also unfortunate, because it means
that when I am writing a specific program in a specific language, most
of the code in the world is not easily available to me. For this reason,
some code is re-written many times. JSON parsing seems like a good
example: there must be a very large number of JSON parsing
implementations out there, all doing basically the same thing.

(This is far from the only reason that code is re-written, but I think
it's at least a notable one.)

Why is it hard to combine code written in different languages? Here's
one answer: different languages have different concepts, different
representations of those concepts in memory, and sometimes different
runtime systems (notable dimension of runtime systems: garbage
collection. communicating between gc'd and non-gc'd languages, or
between languages with different gc's, requires attending to subtleties
here).

Different concepts means difficulty with translation, especially
automated translation.

Different representations of concepts in memory and different runtime
systems both mean difficulty sharing memory, which often leads to paying
for serialization and deserialization, which means a big hit to
performance.

But, as established above, I don't care about performance in this
particular case. Rather, I do care about performance, but the
communication overhead in my case is nowhere close to being a
bottleneck.

As for different concepts, there is one set of concepts that is very
well-established that everyone agrees on, at least in the important
broad strokes: executing a program with command line arguments and an
input stream, output stream, and error stream.

Going all the way out to the program-execution concept certainly has
large performance costs. It takes multiple milliseconds to start a new
program, even before that program executes a single user instruction.
And while it's possible to share memory, it's complicated, and the
standard interface definitely implies serialization and deserialization.

But it's standard. __Soooo__ standard. Programs in (almost) every
language implement this same interface.

---

There have been a bunch of times in my programming career when I've
spent more time and written more complicated code to implement some
function via a library call rather than an external program call. And
I'm well aware of the upsides of that.

But, as I was sitting down to write that script that wanted to use
unzip, I felt well-aware of the downsides of my typical approach. Just
exec'ing `unzip` would solve my problem immediately.

What if I did that all the time?

What if I filled my software with calls to external programs?

This is where I start to oscillate between feeling inspired and feeling
repulsed by this vision.

Inspired:
    So much more code at my disposal to use for software creation.
    If I can do it on the command line, I can do it in my software.

Repulsed:
    The artifacts I would construct this way sound hideous, and
    completely untenable were it not for the miracle of nix's dilligence
    in holding all of the kludges together.

    This interface is enormous, and includes all of nix, which means
    this will never be viable on anything more than a small minority of
    computers.

---

I built it. This commit is it.

Is it good?

I think it's worth trying, at least. I feel like I'm learning something,
even if that something is the detailed contours of what is wrong with
software in 2020.

And here I am venting thoughts on software development into a commit
message. This is approaching the most that I have written publicly about
my perspective on software development, in any venue. And it's a commit
message.

Maybe I should blog more.

[1]: https://pkg.go.dev/archive/zip

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[d1f79ce00b...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/d1f79ce00b48b687c89a900b6fc0d5fca5ba9ff0)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 06:29:58 by ZeWaka

fuck you organs, don't you dare give up on letting kanye in his zone

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[19bf621c4c...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/19bf621c4ce68ebab6d79e32ba8a957af73fd117)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 06:29:58 by ZeWaka

fuck you space, you don't control me, I will corral you at a later date though

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[85a003da58...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/85a003da584d59ec3d1c15bc61e83f9a870df9b8)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 07:52:36 by Marko Grdinić

"8:30am. I got up 5m ago and am already wasting my time reading Twitter posts.

In the background I am thinking, thinking, Thinking!

I am refining my design of the completed editor server. I think I have a bunch of very good ideas. It is all coming together for me.

9:25am. I'll take it easy today. I think the design is forming in my mind. Not just for multi file compilation, but the whole thing. Once this feeling subsides, all I need to do is commit to it and work to get it out.

What I am going to accomplish here is not going to be a small thing.

9:45am. Let me just slack for a while. I'll get breakfast right here.

I said I would take a break once I am done with the codegen, and I might as well execute that option. I want to dwell on it for a while longer. After that I'll start the run. Once I start, I won't stop until I finish the whole of the compilation harness.

That will be a major accomplishment.

Once I have that, Spiral will essentially have all it needs to function properly and all that will be left is to practice using it. I'd say testing, but testing never really ends. It is the steady accumulation of practice and fixing of bugs along the way that will bring it to completion.

I just have to do this one aspect and Spiral v0.2 will really be complete in the truest sense. Right now I have all the passes, and I just need to make the interface.

Things like GUIs and language servers are by no means a trivial thing.

A lot of concurrency experience is needed for both and I do not have much of that. But I'll get the practice as I go along."

---
## [ignisfatuus69/MidiAnimationExample](https://github.com/ignisfatuus69/MidiAnimationExample)@[704d4b27a7...](https://github.com/ignisfatuus69/MidiAnimationExample/commit/704d4b27a75bf0f7a1b53d377d51f2165b2d18bc)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 10:45:31 by Clifton Kyle Marasigan

fuck you and see u tomorro

tang inang bug with the second b eat gago pare

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c7ff16b1d7...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c7ff16b1d776c0d4b8354bcb6bcb136f421ff901)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 11:21:57 by Marko Grdinić

"10:15am. Let me put in a few words before breakfast as I am waiting on it.

```fs
type TykerState = {|req: ParsedFile Promise Ch; res: TypecheckedFile -> unit Alt|} []
type TykerIn =
    | TykerGoto of int
    | TykerRestart of TykerState

let typechecker = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let req = Ch()

    let t = Stack()
    let rec skip i = if i > 0 && t.Count > 0 then t.Pop() |> ignore; skip (i-1)
    let rec restart (state : TykerState) (state' : TykerState) =
        let rec loop i = if i < min (Array.length state) (Array.length state') && Object.ReferenceEquals(state.[i].req,state'.[i].req) then loop (i+1) else i
        goto state' (loop 0 - 1)
    and goto state i =
        skip (t.Count - i)
        start state i
    and start state i =
        if t.Count < min (i + 1) state.Length then parse state i (if t.Count > 0 then t.Peek() |> Some else None)
        else waiting state
    and waiting state =
        Ch.take req ^=> function
            | TykerGoto i -> goto state (i - 1)
            | TykerRestart state' -> restart state state'
    and parse state i (file_prev_t : TypecheckedFile option) =
        waiting state <|> ((Ch.take state.[t.Count].req ^=> Promise.read) ^=> typecheck state i file_prev_t)
    and typecheck state i (file_prev_t : TypecheckedFile option) (file_cur_p : ParsedFile) =
        let body =
            tc file_prev_t file_cur_p ^=> fun file_cur_t ->
            state.[t.Count].res file_cur_t ^=> fun () ->
            t.Push(file_cur_t)
            start state i
        waiting state <|> body

    Job.server (waiting [||]) >>-. req
```

Remember this thing I did months ago? Now that I've come this far, those ideas I had before I even started work on the parser are coming back to me now.

10:20am. Hmmm...one issue I have with Hopac is that I actually don't know what many of the functions do. I only know about 30% of the library. I have a lot to learn about it.

To make matters worse, the library is not that popular so there is not much in the way of examples floating out there. The reference documentation is well done and thorough, but it is not enough.

10:30am. To really master it, I am going to have to get intimate with the source either way.

Thanks to the effort during the first half of the year, I got a bit familiar with concurrency, but if I could master Hopac from the ground up, my foundation would be rock solid.

12:10pm. I suppose the same could be said for NetMQ, but the incentive not so immediate to start diving into that.

...Here is the status.

I really do not feel like pushing myself to finish editor support the same way I have the partial evaluator and the code generator.

Yeah, I am being lazy here, but I can't go forward full steam all the time. Today what I will do is aim to put in a few hours just to get into it. Tomorrow I'll aim to do the same plus a bit extra. That should be enough to allow me to pick up steam.

12:40pm. Finally the chair is done being fixed. I really do owe a lot to my father don't I?

Well, regardless of this all turns out, I do not want to see them waste away from old age.

12:50pm. Hmmm, this despairful thought motivates me a little.

Yeah, I might win or I might fail, but if I have to fail then I'd prefer if somebody better than me got the Singularity first. If it is something stupid like dying in an accident, I'll take a pass on that kind of destiny. Neither do I want to go through tragedies in my life.

I want my power to show itself. I do not want to embrace the bland and pitiful reality normies have constructed.

12:55pm. Ok, I was meant to be resting, but for the sake of my dad fixing this chair I am sitting on, I am going to put in some effort right now. I am in the mood now.

Regardless of the circumstance, staring your own future doom in the face should always be enough to motivate you.

1pm. As the first step, let me break everything. I've taken out the 4 servers and dumped them in a text file. Now the whole project is broken and will be until complete it.

That is one way to show my determination. Yesterday everything was fine, but now it is scrap.

It is scrap, but becuase of that now only do I have incentive to fix it, I also do not have to be restrained what used to be here.

I can be resolute in my redesign.

1:05pm. I am dwelling in my thoughts a bit too much now.

```fs
module StreamServers =
    open Hopac.Stream
    type TokReq =
        | Put of string
        | Modify of SpiEdit
        | GetRange of VSCRange * (VSCTokenArray -> unit)
    type TokRes = {blocks : Block list; errors : VSCError []}

    let tokenizer req =
        let lines : LineToken [] ResizeArray = ResizeArray([[||]])
        let mutable errors_tokenization = [||]
        let mutable blocks : Block list = []

        let res_text = Src.create()
        let replace edit =
            errors_tokenization <- Tokenize.replace lines errors_tokenization edit // Mutates the lines array
            blocks <- block_separate lines blocks edit
            Src.value res_text {blocks=blocks; errors=errors_tokenization}

        req |> Stream.consumeJob (function
            | Put text -> replace {|from=0; nearTo=lines.Count; lines=Utils.lines text|}
            | Modify edit -> replace edit
            | GetRange((a,b),res) ->
                let from, near_to = min (lines.Count-1) a.line, min lines.Count (b.line+1)
                vscode_tokens from (lines.GetRange(from,near_to-from |> max 0).ToArray()) |> res
                Job.unit()
            )
        Src.tap res_text

    let parser is_top_down req =
        let dict = System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
        req |> Stream.mapFun (fun a ->
            let b =
                List.map (fun x -> {
                    parsed = Utils.memoize dict (block_init is_top_down) x.block
                    offset = x.offset
                    }) a
            dict.Clear(); List.iter2 (fun a b -> dict.Add(a.block,b.parsed)) a b
            block_bundle b
            )
```

This is what I did yesterday. First of all, let me criticize this.

```fs
let server_parser (uri : string) = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let is_top_down = System.IO.Path.GetExtension(uri) = ".spi"
    let dict = System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
    let parse (a : Block list) =
        let b =
            List.map (fun x -> {
                parsed = Utils.memoize dict (block_init is_top_down) x.block
                offset = x.offset
                }) a
        dict.Clear(); List.iter2 (fun a b -> dict.Add(a.block,b.parsed)) a b
        block_bundle b

    let req = Ch()
    let rec waiting () = Ch.take req ^=> processing
    and processing (a : ParserReq) = waiting () <|> Alt.prepareJob (fun () -> IVar.fill a.res (parse a.blocks) >>- waiting)

    Job.server (waiting()) >>-. req
```

In particular compare the parser here with what I had last time.

It seems I forgot about it yesterday, but on of the important design considerations when I designed the parser server was to always operate on the latest result from the tokenizer. The reason for that is efficiency when the parser is operating on a really big block. I do not want expensive operations being done only to be immediatelly discarded because there are inputs on the queue. The switching behavior is important.

1:10pm.

```fs
req |> Stream.keepPreceding1
```

There is also `keepFollowing1`. Instead of using that loop, these two function seems like they might be doing what I am interested in.

```fs
  /// - The asynchronous one element at a time model of choice streams allows
  /// for a basic form of backpressure or the flow of synchronization from
  /// consumers to producers.  This allows for many new operations to be
  /// expressed.  For example, `keepPreceding1` and `keepFollowing1` cannot be
  /// implemented for observable sequences.  Operations such as `afterEach` and
  /// `beforeEach` have semantics that are pull based and lazy and cannot be
  /// implemented for observable sequences.  Operations such as `pullOn`, or
  /// `zip` in disguise, have new uses.
```

```fs
  /// Converts a given imperative live stream into a lazy stream of queued
  /// elements by spawning a job to eagerly consume and queue elements from the
  /// live stream.  At most `maxCount` most recent elements are kept in a queue
  /// and after that the oldest elements are thrown away.  See also:
  /// `keepPreceding1`.
  val keepPreceding: maxCount: int -> Stream<'x> -> Stream<Queue<'x>>
```

```fs
  /// Converts an imperative live stream into a lazy stream by spawning a job to
  /// eagerly consume (and throw away) elements from the live stream and to
  /// produce only one most recent element each time when requested.  See also:
  /// `pullOn`, `keepPreceding`, `keepFollowing1`.
#if DOC
  ///
  /// Basically,
  ///
  ///> live |> keepPreceding1 |> afterEach timeout
  ///
  /// is similar to
  ///
  ///> live |> ignoreWhile timeout
  ///
  /// and
  ///
  ///> live |> keepPreceding1 |> beforeEach timeout
  ///
  /// is similar to
  ///
  ///> live |> ignoreUntil timeout
  ///
  /// However, a lazified stream, assuming there is enough CPU time to consume
  /// elements from the live stream, never internally holds to an arbitrary
  /// number of stream conses.
#endif
  val keepPreceding1: Stream<'x> -> Stream<'x>
```

There two functions seem like something I'd be interested in.

```fs
  /// Converts an imperative live stream into a lazy stream by spawning a job to
  /// eagerly consume (and throw away) elements from the live stream and to
  /// produce only one element after each pull request.  See also: `pullOn`,
  /// `keepPreceding1`.
  val keepFollowing1: Stream<'x> -> Stream<'x>
```

What is the difference between this one and the others? I am not sure.

At any rate, before I start, let me play around with Hopac for a bit. I have the heart in the right place, but my programming right now feels like a C programmer encountering F# first time. I know the basics, but with the parser for example it feels like I am just reimplementing primitive things that are already in the library.

1:20pm. I should not try to get through this quickly. Instead I should try to deepen my understanding of the library as much as possible.

Let me commit here. I'll switch to a different project temporarily just so I can play with these stream functions."

---
## [AAAlex-123/Tic-Tab-Toe-Online](https://github.com/AAAlex-123/Tic-Tab-Toe-Online)@[0421e8d8e1...](https://github.com/AAAlex-123/Tic-Tab-Toe-Online/commit/0421e8d8e15988c296b9e4aa16af454517ec65c0)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 13:25:44 by dimits-exe

Update README.md

The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly increased the life-expectancy of those of us who live in "advanced" countries, but they have destabilized society, have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings to indignities, have led to widespread psychological suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as well) and have inflicted severe damage on the natural world. The continued development of technology will worsen the situation. It will certainly subject human beings to greater indignities and inflict greater damage on the natural world, it will probably lead to greater social disruption and psychological suffering, and it may lead to increased physical suffering even in "advanced" countries.

---
## [kotujoki72/kotujoki.github.io](https://github.com/kotujoki72/kotujoki.github.io)@[3096d66032...](https://github.com/kotujoki72/kotujoki.github.io/commit/3096d66032bbbf1bb8275a7b5a7a439d0a1e169b)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 16:13:59 by Kotujoki

Privacy policy

This privacy policy ("Policy") describes how Website Operator ("Website Operator", "we", "us" or "our") collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you ("User" , "you" or "your") may provide on the kotujoki.blogspot.com website and any of its products or services (collectively, "Website" or "Services").

 It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

 Automatic collection of information

 When you visit the Website our servers automatically record information that your browser sends. This data may include information such as your device's IP address, browser type and version, operating system type and version, language preferences or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Website, pages of our Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Website, access times and dates, and other statistics.

 Information collected automatically is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Website usage. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.

 Collection of personal information

 You can visit the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual. If, however, you wish to use some of the Website's features, you will be asked to provide certain Personal Information (for example, your name and e-mail address). We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you create an account, or fill any online forms on the Website. When required, this information may include the following:

 Personal details such as name, country of residence, etc.Contact information such as email address, address, etc.Account details such as user name, unique user ID, password, etc.Information about other individuals such as your family members, friends, etc.Any other materials you willingly submit to us such as articles, images, feedback, etc.

 You can choose not to provide us with your Personal Information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Website's features. Users who are uncertain about what information is mandatory are welcome to contact us.

 Managing personal information

 You are able to delete certain Personal Information we have about you. The Personal Information you can delete may change as the Website or Services change. When you delete Personal Information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised Personal Information in our records for the duration necessary to comply with our obligations to our affiliates and partners, and for the purposes described below. If you would like to delete your Personal Information or permanently delete your account, you can do so by contacting us.

 Storing personal information

 We will retain and use your Personal Information for the period necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. Once the retention period expires, Personal Information shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after the expiration of the retention period.

 Use and processing of collected information

 In order to make our Website and Services available to you, or to meet a legal obligation, we need to collect and use certain Personal Information. If you do not provide the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the requested products or services. Some of the information we collect is directly from you via our Website. However, we may also collect Personal Information about you from other sources. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for the following purposes:

 Create and manage user accountsSend administrative informationRespond to inquiries and offer supportRequest user feedbackImprove user experienceAdminister prize draws and competitionsEnforce terms and conditions and policiesProtect from abuse and malicious usersRespond to legal requests and prevent harmRun and operate our Website and Services

 Processing your Personal Information depends on how you interact with our Website, where you are located in the world and if one of the following applies: (i) You have given your consent for one or more specific purposes. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Information is subject to California Consumer Privacy Act or European data protection law; (ii) Provision of information is necessary for the performance of an agreement with you and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof; (iii) Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which you are subject; (iv) Processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us; (v) Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party.

 Note that under some legislations we may be allowed to process information until you object to such processing (by opting out), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases below. In any case, we will be happy to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Information is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.

 Information transfer and storage

 Depending on your location, data transfers may involve transferring and storing your information in a country other than your own. You are entitled to learn about the legal basis of information transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by us to safeguard your information. If any such transfer takes place, you can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with us using the information provided in the contact section.

 The rights of users

 You may exercise certain rights regarding your information processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: (i) you have the right to withdraw consent where you have previously given your consent to the processing of your information; (ii) you have the right to object to the processing of your information if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent; (iii) you have the right to learn if information is being processed by us, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the information undergoing processing; (iv) you have the right to verify the accuracy of your information and ask for it to be updated or corrected; (v) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of your information, in which case, we will not process your information for any purpose other than storing it; (vi) you have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of your Personal Information from us; (vii) you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that your information is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on your consent, on a contract which you are part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.

 The right to object to processing

 Where Personal Information is processed for the public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in us or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, you may object to such processing by providing a ground related to your particular situation to justify the objection. You must know that, however, should your Personal Information be processed for direct marketing purposes, you can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether we are processing Personal Information for direct marketing purposes, you may refer to the relevant sections of this document.

 How to exercise these rights

 Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible.

 California privacy rights

 In addition to the rights as explained in this Privacy Policy, California residents who provide Personal Information (as defined in the statute) to obtain products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us, once a calendar year, information about the Personal Information we shared, if any, with other businesses for marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of Personal Information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared such personal information for the immediately prior calendar year (eg, requests made in the current year will receive information about the prior year) . To obtain this information please contact us.

 Privacy of children

 We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through our Website or Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information through our Website or Service without their permission.

 If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us through our Website or Service, please contact us. You must also be at least 16 years of age to consent to the processing of your Personal Information in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf).

 Newsletters

 We offer electronic newsletters to which you may voluntarily subscribe at any time. We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential and will not disclose your email address to any third parties except as allowed in the information use and processing section or for the purposes of utilizing a third-party provider to send such emails. We will maintain the information sent via e-mail in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

 In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from us will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or by contacting us. However, you will continue to receive essential transactional emails.

 Cookies

 The Website uses "cookies" to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

 We may use cookies to collect, store, and track information for statistical purposes to operate our Website and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. To learn more about cookies and how to manage them, visit internetcookies.org

 Do Not Track signals

 Some browsers incorporate a Do Not Track feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Tracking is not the same as using or collecting information in connection with a website. For these purposes, tracking refers to collecting personally identifiable information from consumers who use or visit a website or online service as they move across different websites over time. Our Website does not track its visitors over time and across third party websites. However, some third party sites may keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you.

 Links to other websites

 Our Website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third-parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect Personal Information.

 Information security

 We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Website cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.

 Data breach

 In the event we become aware that the security of the Website has been compromised or users Personal Information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. When we do, we will post a notice on the Website, send you an email, get in touch with you over the phone, mail you a letter.

 Legal disclosure

 We will disclose any information we collect, use or receive if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.

 Changes and amendments

 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Information. When changes are made, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Website or Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Data in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Data was collected. Policy was created with WebsitePolicies.

 Acceptance of this policy

 You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Website or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Website and its Services.

 Contacting us

 If you would like to contact us to understand more about this Policy or wish to Contact Us concerning any matter relating to individual rights and your Personal Information, you may do so via the contact form, send an email to kotujokigrup@gmail.com 
 This docuhment was last updated on February 9, 2020

---
## [mrHugolo/AnimalGame](https://github.com/mrHugolo/AnimalGame)@[1403f9c374...](https://github.com/mrHugolo/AnimalGame/commit/1403f9c37434738bfbd1cb9582d3ca59f4ac9fe0)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 16:36:48 by mrHugolo

Playtesting with friends showed that three things didn't work. Sick animals always stayed sick, female animals became male if you didn't give them a name, animals could have negative health. This is now fixed

---
## [UtsavBalar1231/android_device_xiaomi_raphael](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/android_device_xiaomi_raphael)@[f2a1a20243...](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/android_device_xiaomi_raphael/commit/f2a1a202439e22aa43ada219301990c3307bd0d7)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 16:58:22 by UtsavBalar1231

[FIX ME]raphael: Switch back to AOSP Bluetooth

* Fuck you QTI BT

---
## [Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server](https://github.com/Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server)@[73d74981e0...](https://github.com/Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server/commit/73d74981e0ffea5fda8eb4e6f21462b3cb6bb2c6)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 17:24:28 by Crystalwarrior

Implement an IC way to start a Cross Swords/PTA/Scrum by using Objection and @ing someone.
If you have "PTA" as one word anywhere in your message it will turn into a PTA.
You may target someone's showname or ooc name.
Targeting is lazy and will accept partial results, so "Fuck you @Vas PTA me" with an Objection shout will PTA Vasquez.
If you don't have an @ anywhere in your message, you will Cross-Swords/Scrum/PTA the last person who spoke.
Overhaul concedes, fix edge cases and bugs with concedes.
Implement /concede properly.
Fix /cs and /pta displaying minigame even if it was cancelled.

---
## [AwokeinanEnigma/Moonstorm](https://github.com/AwokeinanEnigma/Moonstorm)@[93f0a0895c...](https://github.com/AwokeinanEnigma/Moonstorm/commit/93f0a0895c8d98985528af3418c716098d9ab01e)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 18:57:09 by AwokeinanEnigma

-FUCK UNITY
-FUCK UNITY
-FUCK UNITY
-NAME FIX
-SKIN FIX
-BIG ASS BOMBARDIER
-FUCK BLENDER
-FUCK YOU

---
## [Khushisomani/codes](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes)@[1f58b14c26...](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes/commit/1f58b14c26d04960cebc1294083814f028f3d082)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 19:45:18 by Khushisomani

Helping Lira

Lira is a little girl form Bytenicut, a small and cozy village located in the country of Byteland.

 As the village is located on a somewhat hidden and isolated area, little Lira is a bit lonely and she needs to invent new games that she can play for herself.

However, Lira is also very clever, so, she already invented a new game.

She has many stones with her, which she will display on groups of three stones on the ground on a triangle like shape and then, she will select two triangles, one with the smallest area and one with the largest area as the most beautiful ones.

While it's easy for Lira to "estimate" the areas of the triangles by their relative sizes, it's harder for her to actually calculate these areas.

But, it turns out, that Lira is also friends with YOU, an exceptional Mathematics student, and she knew that you would know exactly how to do such verification.

Lira also numbered the triangles from 1 to N, and now she wants to know the indices of the triangles with the smallest and largest area respectively.

It is now up to you, to help Lira and calculate the areas of the triangles and output their numbers.

Input
The first line of the input file contains an integer, N, denoting the number of triangles on the given input file.

Then N lines follow, each line containing six space-separated integers, denoting the coordinates x1, y1, x2, y2, x3, y3

---
## [clay-ol/LifeBoi](https://github.com/clay-ol/LifeBoi)@[cf81035a79...](https://github.com/clay-ol/LifeBoi/commit/cf81035a79766760922f1b820bd13e701a0ee6a3)
#### Saturday 2020-10-10 22:19:19 by jetaehyun

added twilio api, needs some adjustments in order to send to other users. I hate my life

---

# [<](2020-10-09.md) 2020-10-10 [>](2020-10-11.md)

