# [<](2020-11-16.md) 2020-11-17 [>](2020-11-18.md)

220,531 events, 116,957 push events, 182,915 commit messages, 14,079,283 characters


## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[a9156fbdaf...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/a9156fbdaf76e847f0b7b765e518b2c8b76a59f0)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-17 22:14:14 by Lamar Cooley

Seems we've reached an Impasse

The point before point of no return. I've mixed feelings about proceeding from here. You finally beat the game, but are you sure you want to go to NewGame+? No no.... You've finally finished the first chapter of the main quest, but proceeding any futher in the story will take you to a new area. Are you sure you wish to leave? Your favorite show has ended and it holds a great amount of nostalgia in your heart. The spin off airs now, but part of you worries.

I think, I think this is a good spot to remain for now.

This is a completely exaggerated example of the moral dilemma
https://youtu.be/ks5DFEwZoHw?t=472

Can't quite remember everything about the episode but I remember this part at 7:52. While the Krusty Krab technically by modern standards is "better", I mean look at all the cool new stuff it has: Omg a freaking pool table? Sign me up. And I mean it is also a lot more efficient. They're able to pump out patties left and right and they've got the automated cash register. Putting the overt grossness of the patties aside (as i'm sure that's not the case here) that is pretending that the patties taste fine if not better. Well actually either way, the customer's are content. But it still just feels off. Where's the Love? Love truly is something magical and I think it's an important ingredient to any truly great product. This is more of an extreme dystpoian fear of things down the line. I hope that love is included in every commit.

Anywho, will I proceed from here? Mmm possibly eventually? Perhaps if there's some grand new feature that twiddles my heartstrings. But not knowing the folks reduces my immediate trust, this is probably something I should always do but i'll probs hold off on blindly merging beta builds. Eh I'm starting to ramble now.

We'll see what happens from here I suppose. Even if I become an SL-Boomer, I think tho whoever replaces me will likely eventually continue regardless of I stopped or not. Rightfully so. For now, in grand conclusion, we'll be resting here for a decent bit.

---

# [<](2020-11-16.md) 2020-11-17 [>](2020-11-18.md)

