# [<](2020-12-06.md) 2020-12-07 [>](2020-12-08.md)

214,596 events, 113,210 push events, 183,296 commit messages, 13,967,293 characters


## [typescript-bot/TypeScript](https://github.com/typescript-bot/TypeScript)@[94f3ca142f...](https://github.com/typescript-bot/TypeScript/commit/94f3ca142f155791d45b90b0c99f2a056eaab314)
#### Monday 2020-12-07 23:02:17 by Josh Goldberg

Added runtime TypeError for non-function, non-null __extends

As per the linked issue, although TypeScript already has checking in place that tries to prevent users from extending classes before their declaration, it's still possible to accidentally work around the checker. This adds a block to `__extends` that throws a `TypeError` if the base class `b` isn't a function.

My _hope_ is that this will not have a negative performance impact on community performance-critical applications, as they would likely already prefer newer browser/Node versions and output ES2015+ code. If there is something you can think of that I should do to verify that hope, I'd love to know!

For reference, runtime errors in Node 12.0.0 (Chrome exhibits the same messages):

```js
class X extends null { }
// undefined

class Y extends undefined { }
// TypeError: Class extends value undefined is not a constructor or null

class Z extends 0 { }
// TypeError: Class extends value 0 is not a constructor or null
```

`Class extends value {0} is not a constructor or null` matches the Node.js behavior:
* [Message template](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/2bdeb88c27b4d8de3a8f6b7a438cf0bcb88fa927/deps/v8/src/common/message-template.h) for `ExtendsValueNotConstructor`
* [Error thrown with that message](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/6ca81ad72a3c6fdf16c683335be748f22aaa9a0d/deps/v8/src/runtime/runtime-classes.cc#L617) when `!super_class->IsConstructor()`

Runtime errors in Firefox 72.0.1:

```js
class X extends null { }
// undefined

class Y extends undefined { }
// TypeError: class heritage undefined is not an object or null

class Z extends 0 { }
// TypeError: class heritage 0 is not an object or null
```

---
## [rust-lang/cargo](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo)@[d274fcf862...](https://github.com/rust-lang/cargo/commit/d274fcf862b89264fa2c6b917b15230705257317)
#### Monday 2020-12-07 23:08:49 by bors

Auto merge of #8953 - hkennyv:clarify-package-edition-docs, r=Eh2406

Clarify cargo manifest edition field docs

addresses #8951

This PR aims to clarify the documentation for the `edition` field in the Cargo manifest.

The confusion (IME) stems from the behavior of `cargo new` (defaults to writing edition = "2018") being confused for the default behavior of how Cargo interprets the manifest (`edition` is an optional key, defaults to 2015).

would love to get some other thoughts on how we can clarify this since it seems like I'm not the only one who got confused `@Eh2406`

---
## [Broihon/GH-Injector-Library](https://github.com/Broihon/GH-Injector-Library)@[ec80ed4849...](https://github.com/Broihon/GH-Injector-Library/commit/ec80ed4849c1a3fb2236f0a8b5f795c5f653be17)
#### Monday 2020-12-07 23:36:59 by Broihon

welcome back Download Manager, fucking std::async doesn't send messages to dll mains, i hate bill, this shit might prevent deadlocking download threads when exiting during download

---
## [npm/arborist](https://github.com/npm/arborist)@[f356dbac85...](https://github.com/npm/arborist/commit/f356dbac8509184f372b551a9d9a172b93501350)
#### Monday 2020-12-07 23:41:46 by isaacs

Refactor base classes for strict tree integrity guarantees

This is a pretty major overhaul of the entire way that nodes are added
to and removed from trees.

Essentially, the root inventory is used as an authoritative reference of
everything in the tree, and everything is updated and validated in the
setter.  So, rather than having a `parent` setter that sets the
`_parent` internal reference directly, the `parent` setter removes the
node from its root inventory, changes the path, and then calls the
`root` setter to figure out all the references.  The same with
`fsParent`, `target` and `linksIn` references between links and nodes,
and so on.

This avoids a number of hazards that have been biting us.

- Set a `x` node's parent, but don't properly connect it to nodes that have
  that parent as their `fsParent`, via
  `parent/node_modules/x/node_modules/y`.  Now, `y` will properly be
  detected as a child of `x`, and linked accordingly.
- Adding two link nodes to the same target resulting in two reachable
  nodes in the tree with the same `realpath`.  Now, it'll see that
  there's already a node with that `realpath`, and assign the link
  targets accordingly.

The list goes on and on.  This is why, for example, setting `.` as a
workspace caused some really weird data to show up in the
package-lock.json, and we had a snapshot where two `abbrev` links had a
target with a name as either `aaaaaa` or `zzzzzz`, depending on which
ended up getting added to the tree first.

The plus side is: way more consistency, with a much more forgiving API
as far as the order in which nodes get added to the tree.  The downside:
the `root` setter is a beast of delicate complexity.

Thankfully, `treeCheck(this)` is called after every call to the `root`
setter.  In debug mode, this performs an exhaustive check of the tree
and inventory, ensuring that every reachable node in the tree is present
in the inventory, that every node in the inventory is reachable, that
the entire tree has exactly one `root` node, that no nested dependencies
have `devDependencies` trying to get loaded, that no non-root nodes have
anything in their inventory objects, and so on.

This checking is of course painfully slow, and turns any error into a
fatal crash, _but_ we only run it in debug mode, which is something we
can ask users to do for debugging if they run into weird "impossible"
issues.

Caveats with this refactor:

- The root node is now included in the inventory
- The `node.location` (which is the inventory key) is the node's
  relative path based on the root's _realpath_, meaning that a Link node
  root will have a location other than `''`.

These two things together mean that we cannot test `node.location === ''`
to determine root-ness, which was done in a few places previously.  The
correct indicator is `node.isRoot`, which should always be the way to
determine whether a node is root.

This commit causes breakage in the higher level functions, which will be
fixed in subsequent commits.

---

# [<](2020-12-06.md) 2020-12-07 [>](2020-12-08.md)

