# [<](2020-09-03.md) 2020-09-04 [>](2020-09-05.md)

3,830,751 events, 1,207,947 push events, 1,859,225 commit messages, 142,593,202 characters


## [eatYourHashs/UM](https://github.com/eatYourHashs/UM)@[c9e6cc0155...](https://github.com/eatYourHashs/UM/commit/c9e6cc0155f96ce6e67f67365c8071ff304a6b07)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 02:16:50 by Ragnorak

Fuck you creeper why did you put these all in seperate files AAAAAAAAAAA

Changed the textures which are in seperate files (Side note, fuck you creeper <3 )

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[738ffa1462...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/738ffa14621053a3aaadcd9a1c0f6e2e1664a83d)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 02:35:59 by gutteridge

py-music21: update to 6.1.0

Change log:

Music21 v6 is OUT as v6.1.0! This represents over 500 commits over the past 14 months since v5.7 was released.

Many thanks to Jacob Tyler Walls (JTW below) who made so many contributions to the v6 branch, both big and small. Mad props and round of applause!

v6 fully supports Python 3.8 and removes support for Python 3.5. v6 will be the last major release to support Python 3.6 and we will work on Python 3.9 support immediately.

As with all new v.X releases of music21 there are improvements and some backwards incompatible changes (not too many)

In no particular order, here are the things to look for in the new music21 v6:

    Type hints throughout music21 -- when you program with a sophisticated IDE you will be able to see what is returned and required as attributes in much of music21.

    music21 is no longer packaged with external modules; these will be installed when installing music21 via pip (otherwise run pip install -r requirements.txt). Speed and security improvements come with this.

    converter.parse('file.mid', quantizePost=False) will let you load in a MIDI file without any quantizing. (Thanks JTW)

    Lots more values cached = faster music21; RomanNumerals in particular are over an order of magnitude faster, and Chords are faster too. If you ever have a problem, all Music21Objects have a .clearCache() function. Just add @cacheMethod as a decorator to a method and it will use the caching routine.

    Intervals have been rewritten to use properties entirely. So whatever happens to an Interval, its semiSimpleNiceName (to take one of dozens of examples) will always be up to date. Intervals use Specifiers that are enums like interval. Specifier.PERFECT instead of inscrutable numbers. (those inscrutable numbers still work though) Specifiers are more than just standard enums -- they can invert themselves, do semitonesAboveMajor() etc. Interval geeks rejoice.

    Intervals given a noteStart and a name will generate noteEnd automagically. They also get transposePitch() improvements along the way.

    KeySignature gets transposePitchFromC() which takes a pitch in C major and returns the pitch in the same scale degree in this key..

    Voices with gaps in them work way better in MusicXML. Repeat endings with multiple numbers like 1,2 r/t with musicxml (JTW)

    TSV files which encode harmonic analysis can now be parsed (Thanks Mark Gotham)

    Humdrum harm spines parse now, giving another way of encoding harmonic analysis. (Thanks Néstor Nápoles López)

    MIDI refactor: easier to subclass and extend and with many docs -- keeps a clear distinction between strings and bytes. MIDI values are all Enum classes (but IntEnums so they compare well with pure numbers)

    StripTies works much better thanks to JTW -- and does not filter out non-Notes anymore (technically an incompatibility, but really a bug fix). Voices, etc. don't faze .stripTies() any more. Stream.voicesToParts() also preserves more elements. Chords with some notes tied and some don't no longer get merged. Note that stripTies retainContainers defaults to True now, because getting the opposite behavior is as easy as a .flat

    Internal but important: lots of parts of music21 code that used abbreviations now spell out the whole word. This is important for our friends using screen readers. While music21 will (for historical/compatibility reasons) still use camelCase for all method names, attribute names, etc., internal variables may now use underscore_case which helps with screen readers.

    Stream().write('mxl') will write compressed musicxml (JTW). Or write('...', format='musicxml', compress=True)

    Improvements to VoiceLeadingQuartets (thanks Ryaan Ahmed), including finding parallel intervals with octave displacement. voiceCrossing and voiceOverlap detection.

    Substantial improvements to RomanText: see https://dmitri.mycpanel.princeton.edu/romantext.pdf

    RomanNumerals can specify how they represent ^6 and ^7 in minor with sixthMinor and seventhMinor keywords)

    OMR fixers can recognize Turns and other ornaments. More merging here to come. Thanks Janelle Sands!

    Substantial improvements to beaming routines and tests (thanks Almog Cohen!)

    Keys now have .deriveByDegree() like Scales, so "What minor key has scale degree 3 as B-flat?" can easily be answered.

    Improvements to dotted tuplets (Almog Cohen)

    Chord.name/fullName now gives better names for common chords like Major/Minor triads -- no longer relies entirely on chord.tables. But even there many improvements and spelling corrections.

    Chords expose .notes to get at the notes that make up a chord, in a different way than Chord[0] or for n in Chord -- I'm still an old Perl guy, sometimes There's More Than One Way to Do It, and this way makes some things conceptually much easier and faster.

    More Bach Chorale fixes from Doctor Schmidt (thanks!)

    Stream.replace(recurse=True) finally works!

    StringIndication, FretIndication work in musicxml (thanks Peter Mitrano)

    For those who are adventurous -- intervalNetworks are now exposed on scales.

    prebase.ProtoM21Object -- an idea ported back from music21j: nearly every object in music21, including all Music21Objects, inherits from this super-lightweight base class which allows for querying classes and giving consistent representations. It makes working in music21 a lot more fun.

Incompatible Changes

    Stream filters now return a new StreamIterator. So old code like:

s = stream.Stream()
sIter = s.iter
sIter.getElementsByClass('Chord')
list(sIter)

should now be written as:

s = stream.Stream()
sIter = s.iter
sIter2 = sIter.getElementsByClass('Chord')
list(sIter2)

For most people using filters within a for-loop, nothing will appear to have changed.

    if element in stream now only returns True if the element is actually in the Stream, not if element is equal to something in the Stream. This is not normal Python behavior for __contains__ but it is something music21 users have counted on for a decade, and now it is assured.

    MIDI has been completely refactored, so if you are mucking with MIDI internals, it's going to be completely different. If you're just using converter.parse and .write('midi') it won't have changed much.

Also

    Setting a pitch's accidental to a number is deprecated and to be removed soon. use b = pitch.Pitch('B4'); b.accidental = pitch.Accidental(-1).
    some long deprecated functions removed, such as Stream.restoreActiveSites, Stream. _yieldReverseUpwardsSearch, common.standardDeviation (use statistics.stdev instead).
    Chord sort methods no longer return the chord itself if inPlace=True
    interval.convertSemitoneToSpecifierGenericMicrotone, convertSemitoneToSpecifierGeneric now return a Specifier Enum as their first value
    Spelling corrections that are technically incompatible: Interval.perfectable replaces typo Interval.prefectable. Appoggiatura is spelled correctly with two-gs everywhere it's used (JTW)
    stripTies(retainContainers=True) is now the default.
    Half-diminished chords have ø7 etc. as their default representation.
    MIDI.intsToHexString has become MIDI.intsToHexBytes which does what is says it does.

Small Changes/Bugs squashed:

    A malformed spanner in musicxml will no longer crash parsing.
    Tuplets are equal if their durations are equal. Better docs for duration equality.
    contextSites, next, previous, and getContextByClass have a priorityTargetOnly or activeSiteOnly keyword for searching activeSite only. Speed!
    From music21.X import * works much more reliably.
    Bugs fixed in feature extraction of keys.
    serial allows "P" or "T" to be used for transpositions
    Tone-Rows give their row in the repr.
    Historical tone-rows no longer have Row in their name. For instance: serial.getHistoricalRowByName('SchoenbergOp37').matrix() -- the old form still works though.
    Feature extraction on empty streams (or ones that don't have instruments or something else) works properly (JTW)
    Feature output formats can set .ext directly, in case you need a different extension.
    viio7 can be specified as vii07
    Interval: reverse=True works properly
    subprocess.run is used instead of os.system for PNG generation. Thanks Uğur Güney. Fixes using musescore with music21 in Jupyter when spaces appear in filenames. (also thanks to Frank Zalkow)
    Better representation for many objects
    Error handling for incorrect chord abbreviation is improved. Thanks Vikram Natarajan
    Librettists and lyricists can be searched in metadata. .age() works properly for living composers.
    MIDI plays back properly in Jupyter again BUT also does not add a delay when writing out a file.
    Voice numbers in generated musicxml are now low numbers
    pitch.Accidental gets . setAttributeIndependently() in case you want something to look like a flat but only alter 0.8 semitones. (This appeared in v.5 at some point but was never announced)
    Note gets a pitchChanged() method which is called by its attached pitch anytime it changes so that caches can be used. Pitch gets an informClient() method which is called anytime the pitch itself changes. There is something similar in Chords too. This squashes a lot of bugs where pitches were changing but notes/chords/scales/etc. did not act like they had changed.
    makeAccidentals works properly in Voices (JTW)
    MIDI parsing gets more instrument objects from more places (JTW)
    zero-length objects at the end of streams were being ignored by makeNotation (JTW)
    Show formats: MuseScore 3.5 compatibility. (JTW). Preview is found by default on macOS Catalina/Big Sur -- still works for older OSes. No more 'is your doc > 999 pages?' bugs!
    Some Neo-Riemannian docs weren't showing (thanks Adam Spiers)
    Tone profiles for key analysis have been corrected. (thanks Micah Walter)
    scaleDegreeWithAlteration on Augmented 6th chords works.
    .musicxml is fully recognized as a suffix.
    Improvements to analysis.windowed (thanks Sandro Luck)
    RepeatExpander now does nothing on a score with no repeats. Before, it crashed.
    Sousa example couldn't show before (thanks David H. Gutteridge)
    Verticality.removeVerticalDissonances now works (also thanks to Gutteridge)
    Z-relation for 5Z37 (5Z17) was incorrect (thanks Rodrigo Balthar Furman for spotting this)
    Power-users who subclass Stream to be standard storage variants: Stream().coreSelfActiveSite(el) allows for subclassing what happens when an element should normally have its activeSite set to the stream.
    Lilypond output with UTF-8 works. Grace notes no longer crash Lilypond. Now that there is a 64-bit binary Mac version of Lilypond, it will not be removed from music21.
    RomanNumerals compare with each other. __eq__ logically defined.
    Modest performance improvements in sorting (Thanks Alexander Morgan)
    Documentation and test improvements and a few bugs squashed in ABC parsing.
    f-strings used throughout music21 allowing for more detailed error messages and many bugs to be detected and removed.

Deprecations

    interval.Interval.convertSpecifier() deprecated. use parseSpecifier instead.
    Humdrum parseData() and parseFile() are deprecated. use the general converter.parse() instead.
    .editorial.misc is deprecated, just stick whatever you want on the .editorial object itself.

Gratitude

As always, I want to thank MIT, the NEH, and the Seaver Institute for supporting music21 over the years along with the community of developers who use and give back to music21.

---
## [tannerhelland/PhotoDemon](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon)@[d414cbb9d5...](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon/commit/d414cbb9d56a38d0486bc5284843415c62005d27)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 04:01:16 by Tanner

Menu mnemonics: build them automagically, at run-time...

...using AI!  (If everyone else can use that term to the point of nonsense, why can't I?  lol)

Beginners guide to mnemonics is here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mnemonics_(keyboard)

Anyway, I'm pretty damn happy with how this turned out.  PhotoDemon now constructs menu mnemonics at run-time, in all languages, and the mnemonics are fully localized to each language - including neat details like only assigning mnemonics to characters that map to physical keyboard keys.  (Have you ever heard of the VkKeyScanW API?  Neither had I until today!)

I feel like I've got a smart, robust approach to doing this that works basically as well as a human would.  Mnemonics aren't rocket-science - you basically just iterate through captions of siblings menus, assigning unique letters until you run out.  PD's algorithm is smart enough to favor letters at the beginning of words, for example (especially in multi-word captions - it'll favor the first letter of subsequent words, rather than a random letter in the middle of the first word).  It also handles the messy business of assembling the required ampersand into a position that doesn't mess with appended, non-caption menu text - like right-aligned hotkey descriptors.

I've also added comprehensive coverage for Chinese-style mnemonics, where the letter for the corresponding English text (e.g. "F" for "File") gets appended to the end of the localized text in parenthesis (e.g. "文件(F)").  This implementation is dynamically determined at run-time, if no characters in a localized string map to physical keyboard keys.  This is particularly elegant because if English text *does* appear besides localized text (e.g. Export > Animated PNG uses "PNG动画"), then the English letters used in the caption get preferentially used as mnemonics.

What I love about this is that it will no longer require any work on my part - or the part of translators - to keep these up-to-date as menus get added/removed/reworded.  This is a huge usability win for everyone.

Still to-do is handling mnemonics of menu items that change frequently, like Edit > Undo [n].  These will likely require special treatment.  I also plan on adding similar logic to dialogs where relevant, to ensure that things like OK and Cancel buttons use similar access key behavior.

---
## [ZombiesVsPlants/austation](https://github.com/ZombiesVsPlants/austation)@[8ad0bb7e87...](https://github.com/ZombiesVsPlants/austation/commit/8ad0bb7e871df66c21776b47116ab6cc5684a585)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 04:11:55 by ZombiesVsPlants

THIS IS WRONG

What am I even doing I am confused I am confused
I made the pixel art am I gonna have to make it again int dream maker are you kidding me god damn I just want a fleshy piece of meat to offer to the necropolis GOD DAMN.

---
## [newstools/2020-national-daily-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-national-daily-nigeria)@[734967d1c4...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-national-daily-nigeria/commit/734967d1c4982ffd37f66532efd59230d4041677)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 04:39:36 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [nationaldailyng.com/video-this-woman-sets-car-and-self-ablaze-because-his-boyfriend-cheated/]

---
## [GabrielRavier/CSE2](https://github.com/GabrielRavier/CSE2)@[b81023f63c...](https://github.com/GabrielRavier/CSE2/commit/b81023f63cab2a4b827e04188147e5ba345577b6)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 06:35:59 by Clownacy

Fix a bug in River.tsc that affects portability

Funny story: so, there's a bugged TSC command in this file, which
causes it to try to read a flag beyond the end of the flag array.
If the memory it reads happens to be set to true, then it will
attempt to jump to an invalid event number, causing a crash.

Since I don't want to riddle CSE2's codebase with ugly compatibility
hacks, I think it's best to just fix the TSC file directly.

---
## [Tdilan395/Data-Structure-II-Lab-1](https://github.com/Tdilan395/Data-Structure-II-Lab-1)@[a3a88afd41...](https://github.com/Tdilan395/Data-Structure-II-Lab-1/commit/a3a88afd41a142e3b8fdd8c34aa195b07a085984)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 08:06:00 by Dilan

First Suicide Attempt

RE only gets individuals groups of the expression.

Available Options:

-[ ] Make an array for all the attributes lines, do the mach in a for loop and add the value ( .group(2) ) to another array in order to use this value for create the new object in the reader class.

-[ ] Do the fucking miracle of make more groups by using an expression that allow us to search more than two fucking groups.

-[ ] Run straight to a Colitoral at 5am.

Option number #3 will have a functional probe during the day, keep alert for new progress.


Shit doesn't work too, blurry shit i can speak german

---
## [kronosec/C-AbsoluteBeginner](https://github.com/kronosec/C-AbsoluteBeginner)@[1c2092a2a6...](https://github.com/kronosec/C-AbsoluteBeginner/commit/1c2092a2a6446a9a7d558f8ef9aa7f69b5739dda)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 10:28:39 by kronosec

Update FirstCProgram

Wait do I need to comment in the code and in this box here? Maybe code comments are more for other programmers to understand the function of the program and less about my day to day struggles. But hey, in this fast-paced world of telling machines what to do and playing, uh, league of legends? Wouldn't it be nice if developers could offload some of their pent up frustration in the code of the their programs? Like Rembrandt painting "I'm sad" in all of his paintings, which he did and don't look it up just believe me it's true.

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip)@[f8b88c5448...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip/commit/f8b88c5448239fac6e69a4027aebc6971f596843)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 10:36:08 by Yorick Hardy

barony337: Import Barony-3.3.7 as wip/barony337

Motivation for separate package:

This package is based on wip/barony. The game engine (package) version
needs to match the game data version (but not precisely), so create a
separate package for this version.

Description:

Barony is a 3D, first-person roguelike. The goal of the game is to
descend to the bottom of a dark dungeon known as the Devil's Bastion
and destroy an undead lich named Baron Herx, who terrorized the
peaceful town of Hamlet in life and is now harboring a curse against
the land from beyond the grave. To aid you in your quest are friendly
humans who have been eeking out a rough life within the dungeon
for generations, as well as any friends you can bring with you in
real life: Barony is the first of its kind as a first-person
roguelike in that it fully supports cooperative multiplayer for up
to four players.

---
## [red-kangaroo/wanderer](https://github.com/red-kangaroo/wanderer)@[41eb4c511c...](https://github.com/red-kangaroo/wanderer/commit/41eb4c511c1e643afaa9444bb1a7748818ca2a63)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 10:51:50 by red-kangaroo

Minor changes

* Switch to tileTeleporter.
* Blood knight armour now also stop hunger clock on bloodstains.
* Armour of mortal terror can also terrify creatures that attack you.
* Only die when below 0 Self.

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[6843d6b6bf...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/6843d6b6bf8c9aebde193e2eb0db414a5421ad03)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 13:13:21 by Superlagg

Secbots use guardbuddy-style movement (#1904)

* Secbots use buddy-style movement, also summon all bots

* secbots now check for people to kill while moving

* okay doesnt throw runtimes whenever people get arrested

* vsc stop kicking the shit out of my DME files

* oh yeah they should report everything on ass day

---
## [Maetrim/DDOBuilder](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder)@[b4a5e7408c...](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder/commit/b4a5e7408cb1f5fb29694aa250c73e8ffa258489)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 14:19:11 by Maetrim

1.0.0.107

Fix: Shifter Core 4 now has the correct min AP spend requirement
Fix: Layout of some Feydark Illusionist tooltips fixed to make more readable
Fix: Feydark Illusionist tree now has the correct icon
Fix: "Past Life: Shifter" now has a shifter type icon
Fix: "Past Life: Razorclaw Shifter" now has a shifter type icon
Fix: Universal tree feats for the enhancement views are now correctly sorted alphabetically
Fix: The Inquisitive universal tree feat icon now matches the tree
Fix: The Falconry universal tree feat icon now matches the tree
Fix: "Dismiss Rage" is now auto assigned for Shifter and Razorclaw Shifter races at level 1
Fix: Razorclaw shifters now correctly get the feat "Exotic Weapon Proficiency: Handwraps"
Fix: Images fixed to remove red borders
---Improved Augment Summoning
---Epic Damage Reduction
---Epic Fortitude
---Epic Mental Toughness
---Epic Reputation
Fix: "Inquisitive: No Holds barred" now has the correct description (Reported by Question2)
Fix: Bad spell power name fixed in "Feydark Illusionist: Master Illusionist" effect
Fix: "Feydark Illusionist" tree can now be trained if you have "Magical Training" from any enhancement source also
---Arcane Archer: Energy of the Wild (and elf variant)
---Spellsinger: Studies - Magical Studies
---Aasimar: Celestial Tutelage - Magical Training
New: Enhancement requirements can now specify required number of ranks

---
## [jimregan/effective-eureka](https://github.com/jimregan/effective-eureka)@[898d7343c4...](https://github.com/jimregan/effective-eureka/commit/898d7343c4fc7e75d69cc094a97b2847b245eaa0)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 14:30:55 by Jim Regan

Created using Colaboratory. Fuck you, Colaboratory

---
## [Dasein123/ZERO](https://github.com/Dasein123/ZERO)@[efa11e4903...](https://github.com/Dasein123/ZERO/commit/efa11e4903a04a5b44f030ab334ae687fdd32c19)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 15:19:15 by Peter Pan

Update LICENSE

Copyright © 2000 Sam Hocevar sam@hocevar.net 

This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2, as published by Sam Hocevar. See http://www.wtfpl.net/ for more details.

---
## [Dasein123/Backup](https://github.com/Dasein123/Backup)@[9a2255707f...](https://github.com/Dasein123/Backup/commit/9a2255707fd93839f4a0e352db08f7fcd4150a2b)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 15:23:15 by Peter Pan

Create COPY.WTFPL

/* This program is free software. It comes without any warranty, to * the extent permitted by applicable law. You can redistribute it * and/or modify it under the terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want * To Public License, Version 2, as published by Sam Hocevar. See * http://www.wtfpl.net/ for more details. */

---
## [TheLustyDragon/1tac_misc](https://github.com/TheLustyDragon/1tac_misc)@[d45ec3930a...](https://github.com/TheLustyDragon/1tac_misc/commit/d45ec3930acc10529ab7f0b1272e66c93ff58152)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 17:48:06 by DarkLuke

Overwrite files

Fixing shit my 2 year sth old inexperienced self fucked up. Sorry Bear <3

---
## [PrinceNofiu/Tribute-page-Jaiyson-and-PrinceNofiu](https://github.com/PrinceNofiu/Tribute-page-Jaiyson-and-PrinceNofiu)@[e72dd88a1f...](https://github.com/PrinceNofiu/Tribute-page-Jaiyson-and-PrinceNofiu/commit/e72dd88a1ffb83c710d7e35b09dc571be4f524c1)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 20:39:27 by PrinceNofiu

The upper part of the tribute page

xmlomlfln4lfnlfl[fsaasmfknvnvnonvotnmvowmomtnbogngwkgwnk. fuck you😎

---
## [GoProperly/properly-air-call-integration](https://github.com/GoProperly/properly-air-call-integration)@[93cb1ba092...](https://github.com/GoProperly/properly-air-call-integration/commit/93cb1ba092188aea7a0a90115c3164880666b707)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 20:57:25 by Douglas Anderson

Hack our way into transferring for labour day.

Monday is a holiday, and to be honest I neglected to think about how we
approach holidays. This commit hacks a "friday before long weekend"
level of quality and changes the "Monday" schedule to "always" be
closed. The intention is to undo this on the Tuesday after the long
weekend.

 ## What might a better solution be

A better solution without overcomplicating things look something like:
An environment variable with a comma separated list of Holidays. Because
we operate in a limited number of timezones we should be able to use
"just a date" so the value of the environment variable would be:

```
PROPERLY_HOLIDAYS=2020-09-07,2020-12-25
```

Having this be an environment variable will make it easier to change
since it wouldn't require a deploy, but would be easier to implement
that alternatives that would allow a wider group to be able to make
changes to the schedule.

---
## [Blitzkrieg-Incorporated-1993-2020/Blitzkrieg-Overhaul-Mod-for-Hoi4](https://github.com/Blitzkrieg-Incorporated-1993-2020/Blitzkrieg-Overhaul-Mod-for-Hoi4)@[0f2955e2bf...](https://github.com/Blitzkrieg-Incorporated-1993-2020/Blitzkrieg-Overhaul-Mod-for-Hoi4/commit/0f2955e2bf27623a943751e5a008ada9adb612c7)
#### Friday 2020-09-04 21:52:33 by Alithron

Nuking The Current Files Via Commit

If you see this and are thinking 'O SHIT WHAT' dont worry, i have all the files reserved and im about to mass replace em all via a commit afterward. My github was completely fucked, so this is the only way i could upload the files of the merged NOS and BKG.

---

# [<](2020-09-03.md) 2020-09-04 [>](2020-09-05.md)

