# [<](2020-03-04.md) 2020-03-05 [>](2020-03-06.md)

99,186 events, 54,714 push events, 89,703 commit messages, 7,076,312 characters


## [sosga/dungeon-crawl-stone-soup](https://github.com/sosga/dungeon-crawl-stone-soup)@[45c6412621...](https://github.com/sosga/dungeon-crawl-stone-soup/commit/45c64126214f25cf71ac850295bade0150395f6f)
#### Thursday 2020-03-05 23:23:19 by advil

Disallow evoking lamp/phial while confused

These two are almost the last remaining holdover of evocables that could
be used while confused. (I notice that tremorstones also work.) These
silently applied target fuzzing (see 657136525ae) in this case; if these
were to be usable while confused in modern crawl, I think they would
need to indicate to the player somehow what might happen. I ran across
this in a crash where an extremely desparate player was constricted and
chain-confused by golden eyes tried to target the constricting naga with
the phial, and fuzzing cause the wave to go the other direction and hit
a friendly demon. Luckily for this player, the game crashed during
knockback on the demon.

See cccf84277269a for wands, and 6178f7666a6f for rods. Unlike these
cases, I do think it's possible that lamp/phial might not be completely
useless with fuzzed targeting, so I wouldn't be opposed to bringing this
back if someone can solve the UI problem.

---
## [andreimatei/cockroach](https://github.com/andreimatei/cockroach)@[da038b7e29...](https://github.com/andreimatei/cockroach/commit/da038b7e2947f1d706d7a89737afac8e62e8c0b8)
#### Thursday 2020-03-05 23:23:46 by Andrei Matei

sql,kv: add SQL savepoints support

This patch adds support for SAVEPOINT <foo>, RELEASE SAVEPOINT <foo>,
ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT <foo>.
Before this patch, we only had support for the special savepoint
cockroach_restart, which had to be placed at the beginning of the
transaction and was specifically intended for dealing with transaction
retries. This patch implements general support for savepoints, which
provide an error recovery mechanism.

The connExecutor now maintains a stack of savepoints. Rolling back to a
savepoint uses the recent KV api for ignoring a range of write sequence
numbers.

At the SQL level, savepoints differ in two characteristics:
1) savepoints placed at the beginning of a transaction (i.e. before any
KV operations) are marked as "initial". Rolling back to an initial
savepoint is always possible. Rolling back to a non-initial savepoint is
not possible after the transaction restarts (see below).
2) the savepoint named "cockroach_restart" retains special RELEASE
semantics: releasing it (attempts to) commit the underlying KV txn.
This continues to allow for discovering of deferred serilizability
errors (i.e. write timestamp pushes by the ts cache). As before, this
RELEASE can fail with a retriable error, at which point the client can
do ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT cockroach_restart (which is guaranteed to work
because cockroach_restart needs to be an "initial" savepoint). The
transaction continues to maintain all its locks after such an error.
This is all in contrast to releasing any other savepoints, which cannot
commit the txn and also never fails. See below for more discussion.
The cockroach_restart savepoint is only special in its release behavior,
not in its rollback behavior.

With the implementation of savepoints, the state machine driving a SQL
connection's transactions becomes a lot simpler. There's no longer a
distinction between an "Aborted" transaction and one that's in
"RestartWait". Rolling back to a savepoint now works the same way across
the two states, so RestartWait is gone.

This patch also improves the KV savepoints. They now capture and restore
the state of the read spans and the in-flight writes.

Some things don't work (yet):
a) Rolling back to a savepoint created after a schema change will error
out. This is because we don't yet snapshot the transaction's schema
change state.
b) After a retriable error, you can only rollback to an initial
savepoint. Attempting to rollback to a non-initial savepoint generates a
retriable error again. If the trasaction has been aborted, I think this
is the right behavior; no recovery is possible since the transaction has
lost its write intents. In the usual case where the transaction has not
been aborted, I think we want something better but it will take more
work to get it. I think the behavior we want is the following:
- after a serializability failure, retrying just part of the transaction
should be doable by attempting a ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT. This rollback
should succeed if all the non-rolled-back reads can be refreshed to the
desired timestamp. If they can be refreshed, then the client can simply
retry the rolled back part of the transaction. If they can't, then the
ROLLBACK should return a retriable error again, allowing the client to
attempt a deeper rollback - and so on until the client rolls back to an
initial savepoint (which succeeds by definition).
Implementing this would allow for the following nifty pattern:

func fn_n() {
  for {
    SAVEPOINT savepoint_n
    try {
      fn_n+1()
    } catch retriable error {
      err := ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT outer
      if err != nil {
        throw err
      }
      continue
    }
    RELEASE SAVEPOINT savepoint_n
    break
  }
}

The idea here is that the client is trying to re-do as little work as
possible by successively rolling back to earlier and earlier savepoints.
This pattern will technically work with the current patch already,
except it will not actually help the client in any way since all the
rollbacks will fail until we get to the very first savepoint.
There's an argument to be made for making RELEASE SAVEPOINT check for
deferred serializability violations (and perhaps other deferred checks -
like deferred constraint validation), although Postgres doesn't do any
of these.
Anyway, I've left implementing this for a future patch because I want to
do some KV work for supporting it nicely. Currently, the automatic
restart behavior that KV transactions have is a pain in the ass since it
works against what we're trying to do.

For the time-being, non-initial savepoints remember their txn ID and
epoch and attempting to rollback to them after these changes produces a
retriable error automatically.

Fixes #45477
Touches #10735

Release note (sql change): SQL savepoints are now supported. SAVEPOINT
<foo>, RELEASE SAVEPOINT <foo>, ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT <foo> now works.
`SHOW SAVEPOINT STATUS` can be used to inspect the current stack of active
savepoints.

Co-authored-by: Raphael 'kena' Poss <knz@thaumogen.net>
Co-authored-by: Andrei Matei <andrei@cockroachlabs.com>

---
## [cysk003/mpv](https://github.com/cysk003/mpv)@[c5eb2f2ac4...](https://github.com/cysk003/mpv/commit/c5eb2f2ac428e6ebacfe225acd9b0344dd3838bd)
#### Thursday 2020-03-05 23:37:57 by wm4

f_decoder_wrapper: make decoder thread responsive while filling queue

The mp_filter_run() invocation blocks as long as the demuxer provides
packets and the queue can be filled. That means it may block quite a
long time of the decoder queue size is large (since we use libavcodec in
a blocking manner; it regrettably does not have an async. API).

This made the main thread freeze in certain situations, because it has
to wait on the decoder thread.

Other than I suspected (I wrote that code, but that doesn't mean I know
how the hell it works), this did not freeze during seeking: seek resets
flushed the queue, which also prevented the decoder thread from adding
more frames to it, thus stopping decoding and responding to the main
thread in time. But it does fix the issue that exiting the player waited
for the decoder to finish filling the queue when stopping playback.
(This happened because it called mp_decoder_wrapper_set_play_dir()
before any resets. Related to the somewhat messy way play_dir is
generally set. But it affects all "synchronous" decoder wrapper API
calls.)

This uses pretty weird mechanisms in filter.h and dispatch.h. The
resulting durr hurr interactions are probably hard to follow, and this
whole thing is a sin. On the other hand, this is a _very_ user visible
issue, and I'm happy that it can be fixed in such an unintrusive way.

---

# [<](2020-03-04.md) 2020-03-05 [>](2020-03-06.md)

