# [<](2020-04-17.md) 2020-04-18 [>](2020-04-19.md)

1,956,638 events, 1,088,923 push events, 1,579,263 commit messages, 95,934,632 characters


## [amanrajOO7/platform_vendor_aosip](https://github.com/amanrajOO7/platform_vendor_aosip)@[de4d78bd51...](https://github.com/amanrajOO7/platform_vendor_aosip/commit/de4d78bd51a9e8203c1b3c9372b86fb4be313375)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 02:34:12 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6

---
## [anachronic/dotfiles](https://github.com/anachronic/dotfiles)@[e92a672cc3...](https://github.com/anachronic/dotfiles/commit/e92a672cc3527c1f9aa53e5fc40cae16f3460da0)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 04:24:09 by Nicolás Salas V

vim: Replace neosnippet with UltiSnips

The truth is neosnippet kind of sucked badly, hard to remember syntax,
awful need of hard tab characters, although kind of cool when it came to
integrate it with emmet (or anything tab-related). I'm willing to dig
deeper into vim in order to get UltiSnips to play nice with emmet and or
coc.nvim.

I feel like going the extra mile with UltiSnips is worth

---
## [dracarys18/NotKernel](https://github.com/dracarys18/NotKernel)@[036c9e0472...](https://github.com/dracarys18/NotKernel/commit/036c9e0472031170776c20db4383281f6ac8b434)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 05:14:58 by Marc Zyngier

genirq: Allow the irqchip state of an IRQ to be save/restored

There is a number of cases where a kernel subsystem may want to
introspect the state of an interrupt at the irqchip level:

- When a peripheral is shared between virtual machines,
  its interrupt state becomes part of the guest's state,
  and must be switched accordingly. KVM on arm/arm64 requires
  this for its guest-visible timer
- Some GPIO controllers seem to require peeking into the
  interrupt controller they are connected to to report
  their internal state

This seem to be a pattern that is common enough for the core code
to try and support this without too many horrible hacks. Introduce
a pair of accessors (irq_get_irqchip_state/irq_set_irqchip_state)
to retrieve the bits that can be of interest to another subsystem:
pending, active, and masked.

- irq_get_irqchip_state returns the state of the interrupt according
  to a parameter set to IRQCHIP_STATE_PENDING, IRQCHIP_STATE_ACTIVE,
  IRQCHIP_STATE_MASKED or IRQCHIP_STATE_LINE_LEVEL.
- irq_set_irqchip_state similarly sets the state of the interrupt.

Signed-off-by: Marc Zyngier <marc.zyngier@arm.com>
Reviewed-by: Bjorn Andersson <bjorn.andersson@sonymobile.com>
Tested-by: Bjorn Andersson <bjorn.andersson@sonymobile.com>
Cc: linux-arm-kernel@lists.infradead.org
Cc: Abhijeet Dharmapurikar <adharmap@codeaurora.org>
Cc: Stephen Boyd <sboyd@codeaurora.org>
Cc: Phong Vo <pvo@apm.com>
Cc: Linus Walleij <linus.walleij@linaro.org>
Cc: Tin Huynh <tnhuynh@apm.com>
Cc: Y Vo <yvo@apm.com>
Cc: Toan Le <toanle@apm.com>
Cc: Bjorn Andersson <bjorn@kryo.se>
Cc: Jason Cooper <jason@lakedaemon.net>
Cc: Arnd Bergmann <arnd@arndb.de>
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/1426676484-21812-2-git-send-email-marc.zyngier@arm.com
Signed-off-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>

---
## [danascape/android_device_asus_X00P](https://github.com/danascape/android_device_asus_X00P)@[3e62359bbc...](https://github.com/danascape/android_device_asus_X00P/commit/3e62359bbcc321c1a1bfbac6786ac48a586547cb)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 05:28:59 by Vishalcj17

X00P: MOAR SMOOTH

*fuck you guys for not maintaining this tree

Signed-off-by: Vishalcj17 <Vishalcj17@gmail.com>

---
## [FallingStar-Games/outsiders-of-thunder-city](https://github.com/FallingStar-Games/outsiders-of-thunder-city)@[8f2841b3f9...](https://github.com/FallingStar-Games/outsiders-of-thunder-city/commit/8f2841b3f92d476a294155ec1e075190448c3a14)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 06:39:07 by NyxAsteria

The Stage is Set(?)

-Added a new map roughly outlining the set of the game

__To-do__

Angie: Get your shit together! You know what you gotta do so just get in the Mood for it.. For low-level tasks, start putting the fights against Ray and Lúcia into actual common events, on the higher level you can start thinking about writing the introduction scenes to Lúcia and Arkadina, as well as thinking more broadly about what scenes will get into Fang's story

Rhesus: Get in the groove, man! Things are fucked up in quarantine but you're in this as much as I am. We've got a lot to talk about in regards to Finn's story, that's our higher level task, and your low level task is to *come up* with low-level tasks like scenes to write, ludic design and, deciding on character sprites. there's no rush here, but that doesn't mean you're off the hook

Nick: Stay safe and stay sane, my friend. There's things I need from you, but the last thing I want is for you to overexert yourself. Concept art for Finn with the new hair needs to be done. It just needs to be done, if you fuck up we can have Calvin look over it. I've got other tasks for you in regards to spriting which you can ask me about when you want them, but for now this is The most important thing.

Raz: Welcome back to the development! We've made progress since you were gone, but the tasks from before remain the same: Playtest the battles and rewrite the Meeting scene. You got this, just put in the time.

Aria: Damn if you're reading this, I respect you so much. I listened to your concerns, now only Fang's story will be fully random, and Finn's will play out more like a twine game with scene selection. I'm gonna try and have a demo ready at some point soon, so watch out for that, thank you so much!

---
## [JuliaData/CSV.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl)@[1eddc33c1f...](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl/commit/1eddc33c1f063785a4d3d6c48c7e90efd1d058ad)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 07:36:56 by Jacob Quinn

Fix missing buffer length check in writecell for Integer (#610)

Should fix #603.

Every once in a while, a bug comes along that just makes you feel
bad. You dig in, you discover the root cause, and you're like, "dammit
past self, what were you thinking?". This is one of those bugs.

A little background: last time I overhauled `CSV.write`, the aim was to
make the code much simpler and more performant. Before, we were doing
individual writes to the output `IO`, which can be really slow depending
on the OS, filesystem, etc. Having a buffer, in our case 4MB worth, can
increase performance because then the bulk of operations are just
storing bytes in an array, with the occasional "flush" out to the `IO`.

In write.jl, we have a handy little `@check` macro that allows a writing
function to say `@check 3` to ensure there are at least 3 bytes of space
left in the buffer to write to. This, again, is an optimization vs.
doing an "end-of-buffer" length check for each byte written. We check
once upfront, then `@inbounds buf[pos] = byte` for as many bytes as we
checked for.

So obviously you're going to get in trouble if you ever forget to call
`@check n` before writing to the buffer, which is what we did here. I'm
sure at the time, my innocent, yet prideful self thought, "ha, this is
just one measly `'-'` byte I'm writing to the buffer, it's probably fine
to avoid the check just this once". But therein lies the problem: a
previous write operation may have, with just the right
alignment/operations, ended writing at the exact end of the 4,194,304
byte buffer. This means the current writing position would be one byte
past the end of the buffer. Then along comes a negative Integer and
pow!, not only do we write past the end of the buffer with `@inbounds
buf[pos] = UInt8('-')`, but we then increment `pos += 1`, grab the
length of the digits in our Integer, call `@check n`, which realizes
we're going to be (are) past the end of the buffer, so it goes to flush
and whoops: we just tried to flush `pos - 1`, which is also one byte
past the end of the buffer.

Goodness. The moral of the story is: always check your buffer lengths,
folks.

---
## [SynnGraffkin/WaspStation-1.0](https://github.com/SynnGraffkin/WaspStation-1.0)@[56f6673a4f...](https://github.com/SynnGraffkin/WaspStation-1.0/commit/56f6673a4ff0f2d4c68d0756c4f1c030969d56cb)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 08:44:18 by Toast

God damn TG gutting shit

Service hall completed, some work done on medical, DECALS, realized Telescience was gutted and can't add in the pad for Parameds

---
## [raspbian-packages/git](https://github.com/raspbian-packages/git)@[f4d30bfe9f...](https://github.com/raspbian-packages/git/commit/f4d30bfe9f5d36967d2cd93ebae9e3375940fe83)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 11:56:13 by Jeff King

credential: detect unrepresentable values when parsing urls

The credential protocol can't represent newlines in values, but URLs can
embed percent-encoded newlines in various components. A previous commit
taught the low-level writing routines to die() when encountering this,
but we can be a little friendlier to the user by detecting them earlier
and handling them gracefully.

This patch teaches credential_from_url() to notice such components,
issue a warning, and blank the credential (which will generally result
in prompting the user for a username and password). We blank the whole
credential in this case. Another option would be to blank only the
invalid component. However, we're probably better off not feeding a
partially-parsed URL result to a credential helper. We don't know how a
given helper would handle it, so we're better off to err on the side of
matching nothing rather than something unexpected.

The die() call in credential_write() is _probably_ impossible to reach
after this patch. Values should end up in credential structs only by URL
parsing (which is covered here), or by reading credential protocol input
(which by definition cannot read a newline into a value). But we should
definitely keep the low-level check, as it's our final and most accurate
line of defense against protocol injection attacks. Arguably it could
become a BUG(), but it probably doesn't matter much either way.

Note that the public interface of credential_from_url() grows a little
more than we need here. We'll use the extra flexibility in a future
patch to help fsck catch these cases.

(cherry picked from commit c716fe4bd917e013bf376a678b3a924447777b2d)
Signed-off-by: Jonathan Nieder <jrnieder@gmail.com>

Gbp-Pq: Name 10-CVE-2020-5260-2.patch

---
## [sabalapanashvili/Huddle-landing-page-with-a-single-introductory-section](https://github.com/sabalapanashvili/Huddle-landing-page-with-a-single-introductory-section)@[48e7417b7d...](https://github.com/sabalapanashvili/Huddle-landing-page-with-a-single-introductory-section/commit/48e7417b7db2b01fe19b003f60f3e38956cb3bf8)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 12:11:56 by saba

Create README.md

Welcome! 👋
Thanks for checking out this front-end coding challenge.

Frontend Mentor challenges allow you to improve your skills in a real-life workflow.

To do this challenge, you need a basic understanding of HTML and CSS.

Where to find everything
Your task is to build out the project to the designs inside the /design folder. You will find both a mobile and a desktop version of the design to work to.

The designs are in JPG static format. This will mean that you'll need to use your best judgment for styles such as font-size, padding and margin. This should help train your eye to perceive differences in spacings and sizes.

If you would like the Sketch file in order to see sizes etc, it is available to download from the challenge page.

You will find all the required assets in the /images folder. The assets are already optimized.

There is also a style-guide.md file, which contains the information you'll need, such as color palette and fonts.

Building your project
Feel free to use any workflow that you feel comfortable with. Below is a suggested process, but do not feel like you need to follow these steps:

Initialize your project as a public repository on GitHub. This will make it easier to share your code with the community if you need some help. If you're not sure how to do this, have a read through of this Try Git resource.
Configure your repository to publish your code to a URL. This will also be useful if you need some help during a challenge as you can share the URL for your project with your repo URL. There are a number of ways to do this, but we recommend using ZEIT Now. We've got more information about deploying your project with ZEIT below.
Look through the designs to start planning out how you'll tackle the project. This step is crucial to help you think ahead for CSS classes that you could create to make reusable styles.
Before adding any styles, structure your content with HTML. Writing your HTML first can help focus your attention on creating well-structured content.
Write out the base styles for your project, including general content styles, such as font-family and font-size.
Start adding styles to the top of the page and work down. Only move on to the next section once you're happy you've completed the area you're working on.
If you'd like to try making your project fully responsive, we'd recommend checking out Sizzy. It's a great browser that makes it easy to view your site across multiple devices.
Deploying your project
As mentioned above, there are a number of ways to host your project for free. We recommend using ZEIT Now as it's an amazing service and extremely simple to get set up with. If you'd like to use ZEIT, here are some steps to follow to get started:

Sign up to ZEIT Now and go through the onboarding flow, ensuring your GitHub account is connected by using their ZEIT Now for GitHub integration.
Connect your project to ZEIT Now from the "Create a new project" page, using the "New Project From GitHub" button and selecting the project you want to deploy.
Once connected, every time you git push, ZEIT Now will create a new deployment and the deployment URL will be shown on your ZEIT Dashboard. You will also receive an email for each deployment with the URL.
Sharing your solution
There are multiple places you can share your solution:

Submit it on the platform so that other users will see your solution on the site. Other users will be able to give you feedback, which could help improve your code for the next project.
Share your repository and live URL in the #finished-projects channel of the Slack community.
Tweet @frontendmentor and mention @frontendmentor including the repo and live URLs in the tweet. We'd love to take a look at what you've built and help share it around.
Giving feedback
Feedback is always welcome, so if you have any to give on this challenge please email hi[at]frontendmentor[dot]io.

This challenge is completely free. Please share it with anyone who will find it useful for practice.

Have fun building! 🚀

---
## [J0hnGann0n/draw-apart](https://github.com/J0hnGann0n/draw-apart)@[572dd41d87...](https://github.com/J0hnGann0n/draw-apart/commit/572dd41d870df6d901ff26b1484df5522258a33d)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 12:43:00 by John Gannon

Why are objects in JS such a pain inthe arse? Anyway, we handle when the player doesnt draw shit on time now.

---
## [averyfollett/Blackout](https://github.com/averyfollett/Blackout)@[72063c1133...](https://github.com/averyfollett/Blackout/commit/72063c1133f142c94d1b7b108dc7d6daf7814c40)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 16:20:32 by Amelia

Rewrote wire turning code to be more reusable

Wire interfaces now implement an interface so there is no need to cast to individual classes in the third person character BP. Also, the Third person character BP finds its own overlaps so the wire interface no longer needs to set values for the player. replication errors are still making me hate my life though

---
## [spacehuhn/esp8266_deauther](https://github.com/spacehuhn/esp8266_deauther)@[388a4531d4...](https://github.com/spacehuhn/esp8266_deauther/commit/388a4531d4bba00a702f657ff6779233afc45f07)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 16:30:01 by Spacehuhn

Fixed deauth bug

this shit is so stupid I hate myself for it

---
## [foo-dogsquared/dotfiles](https://github.com/foo-dogsquared/dotfiles)@[e5222304a1...](https://github.com/foo-dogsquared/dotfiles/commit/e5222304a1d70a4dd9d14e8770f3133aac86a92f)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 16:43:34 by foo-dogsquared

Create a custom manager and migrate to nvim

I've migrated to Neovim because of one thing... Luke Smith-senpai...

Ever since I've seen him typed 'nvim' in his recent videos, I was devastated. All of those hours that my little heart and soul poured into creating a 130-line vimrc to configure Vim to its absolute in the way I wanted to use was gone. All of those 7 days and a few minutes every now and then, are crushed.

It is truly a betrayal to see it use a modernized version of a relic of the past. I first thought, "How dare he?". I was not able to sleep well the following days. It was heart-wrenching.

Out of spite, I've tried to. I've nothing left and you know there is a saying 'a weeb with nothing got nothing to lose'. All it took was to rename certain files, reinstall the plugin manager and its plugins, a grand total of 5 minutes. My heart skipped a beat.

It was like being a birb with broken wings trying to fly and eventually didn't left off until its talon is in the ground. And the ground is Neovim. Now I love Neovim more than ever... Thank you Luke Smith Unaboomer-kun-senpai. It was truly a wonderful experience.

---
## [plasticuproject/birdsarentrealctf.github.io](https://github.com/plasticuproject/birdsarentrealctf.github.io)@[28b1471275...](https://github.com/plasticuproject/birdsarentrealctf.github.io/commit/28b1471275de2d0be98bd4c29b398c4553f205f8)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 17:01:38 by plasticuproject

Update 2020-04-17-Mango-Writeup-plasticuproject.md

I hate my life.

---
## [thieryw/inheritance-practice-exercie](https://github.com/thieryw/inheritance-practice-exercie)@[bf40f57252...](https://github.com/thieryw/inheritance-practice-exercie/commit/bf40f572526bf8384f3e424053def82c414c5e8f)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 19:33:21 by thieryw

correction of stupid mistakes! god i hate myself some times

---
## [Ezhil-Language-Foundation/open-tamil](https://github.com/Ezhil-Language-Foundation/open-tamil)@[4cc9c9ebae...](https://github.com/Ezhil-Language-Foundation/open-tamil/commit/4cc9c9ebae9d02ab2f154aa41c4f7325a7324a59)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 20:12:36 by Muthiah Annamalai

Kutty Story - text analysis.
/Users/muthu/Desktop$python3 ksa.py
[Let, me, sing, a, குட்டி, story] 1
[Pay, attention,, listen, to, me] 0
[என்னண்ணா, "englishu?] 1
['Just', 'listen', 'bro'] 0
['Let', 'me', 'sing', 'a', 'குட்டி', 'story'] 1
['Pay', 'attention,', 'listen', 'to', 'me'] 0
['If', 'you', 'want', 'take', 'it', 'or', 'else', 'வேணாம்', 'tension'] 1
['Leave', 'it', 'baby'] 0
['Life', 'is', 'very', 'short', 'நண்பா'] 1
['Always', 'be', 'happy'] 0
['பலவித', 'problems', 'will', 'come', 'and', 'go'] 1
['கொஞ்சம்', 'chill', 'பண்ணு', 'மாப்பி'] 3
['Together', 'man'] 0
['Let', 'me', 'sing', 'a', 'குட்டி', 'story'] 1
['Pay', 'attention,', 'listen', 'to', 'me'] 0
['If', 'you', 'want', 'take', 'it', 'or', 'else', 'வேணாம்', 'tension'] 1
['Leave', 'it', 'baby'] 0
['Life', 'is', 'very', 'short', 'நண்பா'] 1
['Always', 'be', 'happy'] 0
['Design', designah"] 0
[Problems, will, come, and, go] 0
[கொஞ்சம், chill, பண்ணு, மாப்பி] 3
[No, tension, baby] 0
["Speedah, 'போனா,', 'கவனம்', 'must'] 2
[Slowah", போனா,, "steadyயும், 'must'] 2
['Oh', 'anger', 'always', 'misery', 'baby'] 0
[Friendsah", நின்னா,, powerful, மாப்பி] 2
[Haters, are, gonna, hate, but, ignore, calmly] 0
[Negativity, எல்லாம், தள்ளி, வை, baby] 3
[Focus, on, what, you, dream, and, "dont, 'worry', 'மாப்பி'] 1
['Postivity', 'உன்ன', 'lift', 'பண்ணும்', 'baby'] 2
['Life', 'is', 'very', 'short', 'நண்பா'] 1
['Always', 'be', 'happy'] 0
['Very', 'many', 'problems', 'will', 'come', 'and', 'go'] 0
['கொஞ்சம்', 'ஜில்', 'பண்ணு', 'மாப்பி'] 4
['Students'] 0
['Let', 'me', 'sing', 'a', 'குட்டி', 'story'] 1
['Pay', 'attention,', 'listen', 'to', 'me'] 0
['If', 'you', 'want', 'take', 'it', 'or', 'else', 'வேணாம்', 'tension'] 1
['Leave', 'it', 'baby'] 0
['Life', 'is', 'very', 'short', 'நண்பா'] 1
['Always', 'be', 'happy'] 0
['Design', designah"] 0
[Problems, will, come, and, go] 0
[கொஞ்சம், ஜில், பண்ணு, மாப்பி] 4
[No, tension, baby!] 0
["Hardworkம், 'வேணும்'] 2
[Smartworkம்", வேணும்] 2
[Self, motivation, அது, நீதானே] 2
[Education, வேணும்] 1
[Dedication, வேணும்] 1
[Self, valuation, அத, பண்ணி, பாரேன்] 3
["Dont, 'be', 'the', 'person', 'spreading', 'haterd', 'மாப்பி'] 1
['பின்னாடி', 'பேசுறது', 'ரொம்ப', 'crappy'] 3
['Always', 'be', 'polite', 'and', 'just', dont", be, nasty] 0
[You, will, be, the, reason, to, make, someone, happy] 0
[Life, is, very, short, நண்பா] 1
[Always, be, happy] 0
[பலவித, problems, will, come, and, go] 1
[கொஞ்சம், chill, பண்ணு, மாப்பி] 3
[One, last, time] 0
[Let, me, sing, a, குட்டி, story] 1
[Pay, attention,, listen, to, me] 0
[If, you, want, take, it, or, else, வேணாம், tension] 1
[Leave, it, baby] 0
[Life, is, very, short, நண்பா] 1
[Always, be, happy] 0
[Design, "designah] 0
['Problems', 'will', 'come', 'and', 'go'] 0
['கொஞ்சம்', 'chill', 'பண்ணு', 'மாப்பி'] 3
['That', 'was', 'my', 'குட்டி', 'story'] 1
['How', 'was', 'my', 'குட்டி', 'story?'] 1
['That', 'was', 'my', 'குட்டி', 'story'] 1
['How', 'was', 'my', 'குட்டி', 'story?'] 1
['Just', awesomeண்ணா"] 1
[No, tension, baby] 0
English = 79.71014492753623%, Tamil = 20.28985507246377%

---
## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[75a60da05b...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/75a60da05b4d43bafcaebcc5bdee59a20671a118)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 21:32:49 by Clifford T. Matthews

Added today's Tough Ruck substitute

My dad died yesterday.  I got the call around 9:45pm, after I was
asleep.  From that point on I did not sleep well.  When I got up in
the morning, I decided to do my Tough Ruck substitute today, because I
thought I might be flying out to Phoenix pretty soon to comfort my
dad's wife.  Turns out, that's not going to happen, but I didn't know
it this morning.

If I had been completely healthy, I probably would have skipped the
run, but my right foot was giving me trouble and my lungs are still
kind of hurting from whatever respiratory infection I had a couple
weeks ago, so I felt I had to do the run otherwise I'd be building the
foundation of a new excuse factory.

Yesterday's diet was *not* suited to today's run.  I also chose not to
take ibuprofen today.  Since I got off to a late start, it was pretty
warm by the time I hit the turnaround.  All the ice in my ice hat
melted and I ran out of water.  Additionally, my stomach got pretty
upset with me, probably due to all of the Andrew's Insanity Sauce I
ate yesterday.  I ate even more than normal so that I would finish it
off and not be tempted to have any today, when I thought today would
be a rest day before my Tough Ruck substitute tomorrow.

I'll probably write up some more info in my food log.  I'm pretty
spent right now and I plan on running my Boston Marathon substitute
tomorrow.

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[b55bc654b5...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/b55bc654b553cd6c840d93c576923b2e14b2135d)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 22:06:21 by Daniel Nunes

Add fomod installer support

Option types are not validated - contradicting group and
option types should be undefined behaviour.
However, to simplify, option type always wins the conflict
and we deliver a warning if needed.

As an example, in a SelectAll group a NotUsable option
would not be selected.

Remove fomod metadata handling

Rework fomod installer backend

Changed:
  - User's choices are now "saved" when going to previous pages
  - Folders to install are now properly merged based on priority
  - Omitted destination attributes in file/folder tags are now
    properly handled.

TODO:
  - Update tests in test_bash repo
  - Add some inline documentation

This must go into the final commit message:

Ignored tags:
  - moduleImage
  - fommDependency

Ignored attributes:
  - position, colour - [moduleName]
  - alwaysInstall, installIfUsable - [file, folder]

Note:

Rework exe-based game detection logic FFF fomods

@@ -64,3 +64,3 @@ def __init__(self, parent_window, installer, page_size, pos):
         data_path = bass.dirs["mods"]
-        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.exe).s)
+        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.launch_exe).s)
         game_ver = u".".join([unicode(i) for i in ver])

Some wx cleanup in gui fomods

Cache images it does speedup loading them

(although that's probably due to my using balt.Image)

FFF couple typos

FileInfo(object): -> _FomodFileInfo(object): FFF WIP

Infernio: Updated for 'Rework game version calculation'

SSS Improve FOMOD installer link name

Should be FOMOD or FOMod, not Fomod. Also added three dots, since that
link opens an interactive dialog.

SSS to be squashed into the final FOMOD commit

_text = _(u'FOMOD Installer...') class variable SSS

No need to override __init__

Remove some leftover debug prints

Replace PageInfo with OrderedDict

Std lib is better. Port of GandaG/pyfomod@547494309

Add some docs to the fomod backend

Update for recent merges

FFF A bunch of FOMOD hacks

I hadn't actually realised just *how* broken the wizard/FOMOD
interaction is up until I just now got a really cryptic error message
from a wizard. Just some examples:
 - SelectSubPackage didn't work properly when the package had an fomod,
   because fomods do not populate Installer.espmMap, which wizards use
   to detect what subpackages and plugins are available.
 - The same goes for SelectPlugin, all deselect variants, SelectAll,
   etc. Probably for loops with SubPackages as well.
 - I screwed up my earlier fix. While it no longer crashed, it made
   wizards (with or without FOMODs) unable to select the last
   subpackage. But see above, wizards with FOMODs had a hard time with
   that anyways ;)
 - The result of applying a wizard and an FOMOD is well-defined (the
   FOMOD always wins because it short-circuits refreshDataSizeCrc), but
   it looked really confusing in the GUI. Still possible to create
   manually by checking both the fomod subpackage and other subpackages,
   but wizards and FOMODs will now uncheck the other so WB at least no
   longer produces this weird state.

Threw in some tiny refactorings in belt (yay, two bolt.cmp_'s gone!)

SSS Rework FOMOD GUI

Depends on 190-de-wx-pt1, rewrites most of the GUI to use the wrappers
instead. Drops a whole bunch of wx usages, which is nice. RadioButton
needs wrapping, see all the ugly hacks at the bottom of gui_fomod. Also,
the design that uses __dict__ of wx objects to store group objects has
to go, it's fundamentally hacky and very fragile - e.g. imagine if the
wx guys decided to add __slots__ to their objects.

Also contains a bunch of fixes and misc improvements, e.g. user-facing
strings have been made translatable, some bugs that were carried over
from belt have been fixed, and the 'Back' button no longer works on the
first page.

Note the glaring TODOs - this is a straight up port of the original GUI,
but we currently don't have a way to change fonts, which the original
GUI relied on to differentiate its components. I added some
HBoxedLayouts as an alternative, which works fine for the main FOMOD
dialog and may even be an improvement in terms of visual clarity, but
doesn't help at all with the results screen, which is now an unreadable
mess.

Infernio: Updated for wrapped WizardDialog, gave fomods their own stored
size, updated for default_* -> item_*.

Utumno: fomod_gui: comments to docstrings

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

FFF fix FOMOD fileDependency evaluation

Wasn't taking ghosts into account and, more importantly, was passing
strings to the LO API, which expects paths. As a result, every file was
either missing or inactive.

Also went ahead and swapped all usages of bolt.Path for bolt.GPath.

FFF fix FOMOD PNGs

I could swear I commited this to nightly long ago, along with the main
pngcrush work, but it seems to have gotten lost somewhere along the way.
So here's a better version, that refactors the two nearly identical
methods.

FFF FOMOD de-wx & wx4 fixups

FFF Mopy/bash/basher/gui_fomod.py gui.Picture (untested!)

Add string prefixes to fomod

Also wrapped all lines to be below 80 chars, cleaned up newlines and
reformatted docstrings to match the rest of WB.

FFF rewrite for wrapped RadioButton

---
## [Minevictus/ChatMenuAPI](https://github.com/Minevictus/ChatMenuAPI)@[e8b41aee08...](https://github.com/Minevictus/ChatMenuAPI/commit/e8b41aee082ea9de9daec113806d1b6ae90b5beb)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 23:05:12 by Richard Stallman

foot fungus

I'm a single atheist white man, 55, reputedly intelligent, with unusual
interests in politics, science, music and dance.

I'd like to meet a woman with varied interests, curious about the world,
comfortable expressing her likes and dislikes (I hate struggling to guess),
delighting in her ability to fascinate a man and in being loved tenderly, who
values joy, truth, beauty and justice more than "success"--so we can share
bouts of intense, passionately kind awareness of each other, alternating with
tolerant warmth while we're absorbed in other aspects of life.

My 25-year-old child, the Free Software Movement, occupies most of my life,
leaving no room for more children, but I still have room to love a sweetheart
if she doesn't need to spend time with me every day. I spend a lot of my time
traveling to give speeches, often to Europe, Asia and Latin America; it
would be nice if you were free to travel with me some of the time.

If you are interested, write to rms at gnu dot org and we'll see where it
leads.

---
## [zwegner/stretchy](https://github.com/zwegner/stretchy)@[9ed635e316...](https://github.com/zwegner/stretchy/commit/9ed635e3165c314254f739acdc0b1d3aa0de863a)
#### Saturday 2020-04-18 23:33:44 by Zach Wegner

Change touch-action CSS to manipulation instead of none

touch-action: none prevents scrolling in the puzzle list view. Supposedly
touch-action: manipulation should only disable double-tap zoom. But either way
it's kind of pointless because fucking iOS doesn't disable double-tap zoom-in.
Zoom-out is disabled no matter the value? I have to assume this is an iOS/Safari
bug, because it just stays zoomed in and the only way to zoom out is to zoom in
and back out in the page settings. Super annoying. Maybe there's some dumb meta
tag or something I need to set, but I don't have the patience to trawl around
the internet endlessly looking for the right magic beans to plant here, when
the behavior I want seems pretty simple. Oh well, I guess the workaround is
"don't fucking double tap on iOS".

---

# [<](2020-04-17.md) 2020-04-18 [>](2020-04-19.md)

