# [<](2020-07-10.md) 2020-07-11 [>](2020-07-12.md)

1,653,183 events, 886,632 push events, 1,299,184 commit messages, 83,852,000 characters


## [wikimedia/mediawiki-skins-WoOgLeShades](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-skins-WoOgLeShades)@[5137981f18...](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-skins-WoOgLeShades/commit/5137981f186aaa1a85f06f1e8574790d31e571a2)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 00:13:55 by Isarra

Start skin - files found a year ago and uploaded largely as-is

No idea when it was actually authored. Somewhat restyled now to not
suck ('twas UGLY) as well as implement some missing things (dropdown
functionality, the entire bloody footer) but that's about it.

Desktop single-column mode only. Mobile and sidebar navigation to
come, maybe.

Bug: T165453
Change-Id: I31c248b7f8e36ded4ac063b796678d03769c1b4a

---
## [newstools/2020-sundiata-post](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post)@[3492aa91da...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post/commit/3492aa91daee90319859cd8db8a0955e08bca3f4)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 00:29:19 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [sundiatapost.com/man-proposes-to-his-girlfriend-but-gets-the-shock-of-his-life-video/]

---
## [EndeyDaBoss/Nova-Tennessee](https://github.com/EndeyDaBoss/Nova-Tennessee)@[2d473b6da2...](https://github.com/EndeyDaBoss/Nova-Tennessee/commit/2d473b6da2ed59357b47d4e0b761f680617c60c2)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 03:33:00 by Sukon Barry

fix and some new stuff

INDUSTRIAL SOCIETY AND ITS FUTURE

Introduction

1. The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly increased the life-expectancy of those of us who live in "advanced" countries, but they have destabilized society, have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings to indignities, have led to widespread psychological suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as well) and have inflicted severe damage on the natural world. The continued development of technology will worsen the situation. It will certainly subject human beings to greater indignities and inflict greater damage on the natural world, it will probably lead to greater social disruption and psychological suffering, and it may lead to increased physical suffering even in "advanced" countries.

2. The industrial-technological system may survive or it may break down. If it survives, it MAY eventually achieve a low level of physical and psychological suffering, but only after passing through a long and very painful period of adjustment and only at the cost of permanently reducing human beings and many other living organisms to engineered products and mere cogs in the social machine. Furthermore, if the system survives, the consequences will be inevitable: There is no way of reforming or modifying the system so as to prevent it from depriving people of dignity and autonomy.

3. If the system breaks down the consequences will still be very painful. But the bigger the system grows the more disastrous the results of its breakdown will be, so if it is to break down it had best break down sooner rather than later.

4. We therefore advocate a revolution against the industrial system. This revolution may or may not make use of violence; it may be sudden or it may be a relatively gradual process spanning a few decades. We can't predict any of that. But we do outline in a very general way the measures that those who hate the industrial system should take in order to prepare the way for a revolution against that form of society. This is not to be a POLITICAL revolution. Its object will be to overthrow not governments but the economic and technological basis of the present society.

5. In this article we give attention to only some of the negative developments that have grown out of the industrial-technological system. Other such developments we mention only briefly or ignore altogether. This does not mean that we regard these other developments as unimportant. For practical reasons we have to confine our discussion to areas that have received insufficient public attention or in which we have something new to say. For example, since there are well-developed environmental and wilderness movements, we have written very little about environmental degradation or the destruction of wild nature, even though we consider these to be highly important.

THE PSYCHOLOGY OF MODERN LEFTISM

6. Almost everyone will agree that we live in a deeply troubled society. One of the most widespread manifestations of the craziness of our world is leftism, so a discussion of the psychology of leftism can serve as an introduction to the discussion of the problems of modern society in general.

7. But what is leftism? During the first half of the 20th century leftism could have been practically identified with socialism. Today the movement is fragmented and it is not clear who can properly be called a leftist. When we speak of leftists in this article we have in mind mainly socialists, collectivists, "politically correct" types, feminists, gay and disability activists, animal rights activists and the like. But not everyone who is associated with one of these movements is a leftist. What we are trying to get at in discussing leftism is not so much movement or an ideology as a psychological type, or rather a collection of related types. Thus, what we mean by "leftism" will emerge more clearly in the course of our discussion of leftist psychology. (Also, see paragraphs 227-230.)

8. Even so, our conception of leftism will remain a good deal less clear than we would wish, but there doesn't seem to be any remedy for this. All we are trying to do here is indicate in a rough and approximate way the two psychological tendencies that we believe are the main driving force of modern leftism. We by no means claim to be telling the WHOLE truth about leftist psychology. Also, our discussion is meant to apply to modern leftism only. We leave open the question of the extent to which our discussion could be applied to the leftists of the 19th and early 20th centuries.

9. The two psychological tendencies that underlie modern leftism we call "feelings of inferiority" and "oversocialization." Feelings of inferiority are characteristic of modern leftism as a whole, while oversocialization is characteristic only of a certain segment of modern leftism; but this segment is highly influential.

FEELINGS OF INFERIORITY

10. By "feelings of inferiority" we mean not only inferiority feelings in the strict sense but a whole spectrum of related traits; low self-esteem, feelings of powerlessness, depressive tendencies, defeatism, guilt, self-hatred, etc. We argue that modern leftists tend to have some such feelings (possibly more or less repressed) and that these feelings are decisive in determining the direction of modern leftism.

11. When someone interprets as derogatory almost anything that is said about him (or about groups with whom he identifies) we conclude that he has inferiority feelings or low self-esteem. This tendency is pronounced among minority rights activists, whether or not they belong to the minority groups whose rights they defend. They are hypersensitive about the words used to designate minorities and about anything that is said concerning minorities. The terms "negro," "oriental," "handicapped" or "chick" for an African, an Asian, a disabled person or a woman originally had no derogatory connotation. "Broad" and "chick" were merely the feminine equivalents of "guy," "dude" or "fellow." The negative connotations have been attached to these terms by the activists themselves. Some animal rights activists have gone so far as to reject the word "pet" and insist on its replacement by "animal companion." Leftish anthropologists go to great lengths to avoid saying anything about primitive peoples that could conceivably be interpreted as negative. They want to replace the world "primitive" by "nonliterate." They seem almost paranoid about anything that might suggest that any primitive culture is inferior to our own. (We do not mean to imply that primitive cultures ARE inferior to ours. We merely point out the hypersensitivity of leftish anthropologists.)

12. Those who are most sensitive about "politically incorrect" terminology are not the average black ghetto-dweller, Asian immigrant, abused woman or disabled person, but a minority of activists, many of whom do not even belong to any "oppressed" group but come from privileged strata of society. Political correctness has its stronghold among university professors, who have secure employment with comfortable salaries, and the majority of whom are heterosexual white males from middle- to upper-middle-class families.

13. Many leftists have an intense identification with the problems of groups that have an image of being weak (women), defeated (American Indians), repellent (homosexuals) or otherwise inferior. The leftists themselves feel that these groups are inferior. They would never admit to themselves that they have such feelings, but it is precisely because they do see these groups as inferior that they identify with their problems. (We do not mean to suggest that women, Indians, etc. ARE inferior; we are only making a point about leftist psychology.)

14. Feminists are desperately anxious to prove that women are as strong and as capable as men. Clearly they are nagged by a fear that women may NOT be as strong and as capable as men.

15. Leftists tend to hate anything that has an image of being strong, good and successful. They hate America, they hate Western civilization, they hate white males, they hate rationality. The reasons that leftists give for hating the West, etc. clearly do not correspond with their real motives. They SAY they hate the West because it is warlike, imperialistic, sexist, ethnocentric and so forth, but where these same faults appear in socialist countries or in primitive cultures, the leftist finds excuses for them, or at best he GRUDGINGLY admits that they exist; whereas he ENTHUSIASTICALLY points out (and often greatly exaggerates) these faults where they appear in Western civilization. Thus it is clear that these faults are not the leftist's real motive for hating America and the West. He hates America and the West because they are strong and successful.

16. Words like "self-confidence," "self-reliance," "initiative," "enterprise," "optimism," etc., play little role in the liberal and leftist vocabulary. The leftist is anti-individualistic, pro-collectivist. He wants society to solve everyone's problems for them, satisfy everyone's needs for them, take care of them. He is not the sort of person who has an inner sense of confidence in his ability to solve his own problems and satisfy his own needs. The leftist is antagonistic to the concept of competition because, deep inside, he feels like a loser.

17. Art forms that appeal to modern leftish intellectuals tend to focus on sordidness, defeat and despair, or else they take an orgiastic tone, throwing off rational control as if there were no hope of accomplishing anything through rational calculation and all that was left was to immerse oneself in the sensations of the moment.

18. Modern leftish philosophers tend to dismiss reason, science, objective reality and to insist that everything is culturally relative. It is true that one can ask serious questions about the foundations of scientific knowledge and about how, if at all, the concept of objective reality can be defined. But it is obvious that modern leftish philosophers are not simply cool-headed logicians systematically analyzing the foundations of knowledge. They are deeply involved emotionally in their attack on truth and reality. They attack these concepts because of their own psychological needs. For one thing, their attack is an outlet for hostility, and, to the extent that it is successful, it satisfies the drive for power. More importantly, the leftist hates science and rationality because they classify certain beliefs as true (i.e., successful, superior) and other beliefs as false (i.e., failed, inferior). The leftist's feelings of inferiority run so deep that he cannot tolerate any classification of some things as successful or superior and other things as failed or inferior. This also underlies the rejection by many leftists of the concept of mental illness and of the utility of IQ tests. Leftists are antagonistic to genetic explanations of human abilities or behavior because such explanations tend to make some persons appear superior or inferior to others. Leftists prefer to give society the credit or blame for an individual's ability or lack of it. Thus if a person is "inferior" it is not his fault, but society's, because he has not been brought up properly.

19. The leftist is not typically the kind of person whose feelings of inferiority make him a braggart, an egotist, a bully, a self-promoter, a ruthless competitor. This kind of person has not wholly lost faith in himself. He has a deficit in his sense of power and self-worth, but he can still conceive of himself as having the capacity to be strong, and his efforts to make himself strong produce his unpleasant behavior. [1] But the leftist is too far gone for that. Hisfeelings of inferiority are so ingrained that he cannot conceive of himself as individually strong and valuable. Hence the collectivism of the leftist. He can feel strong only as a member of a large organization or a mass movement with which he identifies himself.

20. Notice the masochistic tendency of leftist tactics. Leftists protest by lying down in front of vehicles, they intentionally provoke police or racists to abuse them, etc. These tactics may often be effective, but many leftists use them not as a means to an end but because they PREFER masochistic tactics. Self-hatred is a leftist trait.

21. Leftists may claim that their activism is motivated by compassion or by moral principles, and moral principle does play a role for the leftist of the oversocialized type. But compassion and moral principle cannot be the main motives for leftist activism. Hostility is too prominent a component of leftist behavior; so is the drive for power. Moreover, much leftist behavior is not rationally calculated to be of benefit to the people whom the leftists claim to be trying to help. For example, if one believes that affirmative action is good for black people, does it make sense to demand affirmative action in hostile or dogmatic terms? Obviously it would be more productive to take a diplomatic and conciliatory approach that would make at least verbal and symbolic concessions to white people who think that affirmative action discriminates against them. But leftist activists do not take such an approach because it would not satisfy their emotional needs. Helping black people is not their real goal. Instead, race problems serve as an excuse for them to express their own hostility and frustrated need for power. In doing so they actually harm black people, because the activists' hostile attitude toward the white majority tends to intensify race hatred.

22. If our society had no social problems at all, the leftists would have to INVENT problems in order to provide themselves with an excuse for making a fuss.

23. We emphasize that the foregoing does not pretend to be an accurate description of everyone who might be considered a leftist. It is only a rough indication of a general tendency of leftism.

OVERSOCIALIZATION

24. Psychologists use the term "socialization" to designate the process by which children are trained to think and act as society demands. A person is said to be well socialized if he believes in and obeys the moral code of his society and fits in well as a functioning part of that society. It may seem senseless to say that many leftists are oversocialized, since the leftist is perceived as a rebel. Nevertheless, the position can be defended. Many leftists are not such rebels as they seem.

25. The moral code of our society is so demanding that no one can think, feel and act in a completely moral way. For example, we are not supposed to hate anyone, yet almost everyone hates somebody at some time or other, whether he admits it to himself or not. Some people are so highly socialized that the attempt to think, feel and act morally imposes a severe burden on them. In order to avoid feelings of guilt, they continually have to deceive themselves about their own motives and find moral explanations for feelings and actions that in reality have a non-moral origin. We use the term "oversocialized" to describe such people. [2]

26. Oversocialization can lead to low self-esteem, a sense of powerlessness, defeatism, guilt, etc. One of the most important means by which our society socializes children is by making them feel ashamed of behavior or speech that is contrary to society's expectations. If this is overdone, or if a particular child is especially susceptible to such feelings, he ends by feeling ashamed of HIMSELF. Moreover the thought and the behavior of the oversocialized person are more restricted by society's expectations than are those of the lightly socialized person. The majority of people engage in a significant amount of naughty behavior. They lie, they commit petty thefts, they break traffic laws, they goofoff at work, they hate someone, they say spiteful things or they use some underhanded trick to get ahead of the other guy. The oversocialized person cannot do these things, or if he does do them he generates in himself a sense of shame and self-hatred. The oversocialized person cannot even experience, without guilt, thoughts or feelings that are contrary to the accepted morality; he cannot think "unclean" thoughts. And socialization is not just a matter of morality; we are socialized to conform to many norms of behavior that do not fall under the heading of morality. Thus the oversocialized person is kept on a psychological leash and spends his life running on rails that society has laid down for him. In many oversocialized people this results in a sense of constraint and powerlessness that can be a severe hardship. We suggest that oversocialization is among the more serious cruelties that human beings inflict on one another.

27. We argue that a very important and influential segment of the modern left is oversocialized and that their oversocialization is of great importance in determining the direction of modern leftism. Leftists of the oversocialized type tend to be intellectuals or members of the upper-middle class. Notice that university intellectuals [3] constitute the most highly socialized segment of our society and also the most left-wing segment.

28. The leftist of the oversocialized type tries to get off his psychological leash and assert his autonomy by rebelling. But usually he is not strong enough to rebel against the most basic values of society. Generally speaking, the goals of today's leftists are NOT in conflict with the accepted morality. On the contrary, the left takes an accepted moral principle, adopts it as its own, and then accuses mainstream society of violating that principle. Examples: racial equality, equality of the sexes, helping poor people, peace as opposed to war, nonviolence generally, freedom of expression, kindness to animals. More fundamentally, the duty of the individual to serve society and the duty of society to take care of the individual. All these have been deeply rooted values of our society (or at least of its middle and upper classes [4] for a long time. These values are explicitly or implicitly expressed or presupposed in most of the material presented to us by the mainstream communications media and the educational system. Leftists, especially those of the oversocialized type, usually do not rebel against these principles but justify their hostility to society by claiming (with some degree of truth) that society is not living up to these principles.

29. Here is an illustration of the way in which the oversocialized leftist shows his real attachment to the conventional attitudes of our society while pretending to be in rebellion against it. Many leftists push for affirmative action, for moving black people into high-prestige jobs, for improved education in black schools and more money for such schools; the way of life of the black "underclass" they regard as a social disgrace. They want to integrate the black man into the system, make him a business executive, a lawyer, a scientist just like upper-middle-class white people. The leftists will reply that the last thing they want is to make the black man into a copy of the white man; instead, they want to preserve African American culture. But in what does this preservation of African American culture consist? It can hardly consist in anything more than eating black-style food, listening to black-style music, wearing black-style clothing and going to a black-style church or mosque. In other words, it can express itself only in superficial matters. In all ESSENTIAL respects most leftists of the oversocialized type want to make the black man conform to white, middle-class ideals. They want to make him study technical subjects, become an executive or a scientist, spend his life climbing the status ladder to prove that black people are as good as white. They want to make black fathers "responsible," they want black gangs to become nonviolent, etc. But these are exactly the values of the industrial-technological system. The system couldn't care less what kind of music a man listens to, what kind of clothes he wears or what religion he believes in as long as he studies in school, holds a respectable job, climbs the status ladder, is a "responsible" parent, is nonviolent and so forth. In effect, however much he may deny it, the oversocialized leftist wants to integrate the black man into the system and make him adopt its values.

30. We certainly do not claim that leftists, even of the oversocialized type, NEVER rebel against the fundamental values of our society. Clearly they sometimes do. Some oversocialized leftists have gone so far as to rebel against one of modern society's most important principles by engaging in physical violence. By their own account, violence is for them a form of "liberation." In other words, by committing violence they break through the psychological restraints that have been trained into them. Because they are oversocialized these restraints have been more confining for them than for others; hence their need to break free of them. But they usually justify their rebellion in terms of mainstream values. If they engage in violence they claim to be fighting against racism or the like.

31. We realize that many objections could be raised to the foregoing thumbnail sketch of leftist psychology. The real situation is complex, and anything like a complete description of it would take several volumes even if the necessary data were available. We claim only to have indicated very roughly the two most important tendencies in the psychology of modern leftism.

32. The problems of the leftist are indicative of the problems of our society as a whole. Low self-esteem, depressive tendencies and defeatism are not restricted to the left. Though they are especially noticeable in the left, they are widespread in our society. And today's society tries to socialize us to a greater extent than any previous society. We are even told by experts how to eat, how to exercise, how to make love, how to raise our kids and so forth.

THE POWER PROCESS

33. Human beings have a need (probably based in biology) for something that we will call the "power process." This is closely related to the need for power (which is widely recognized) but is not quite the same thing. The power process has four elements. The three most clear-cut of these we call goal, effort and attainment of goal. (Everyone needs to have goals whose attainment requires effort, and needs to succeed in attaining at least some of his goals.) The fourth element is more difficult to define and may not be necessary for everyone. We call it autonomy and will discuss it later (paragraphs 42-44).

34. Consider the hypothetical case of a man who can have anything he wants just by wishing for it. Such a man has power, but he will develop serious psychological problems. At first he will have a lot of fun, but by and by he will become acutely bored and demoralized. Eventually he may become clinically depressed. History shows that leisured aristocracies tend to become decadent. This is not true of fighting aristocracies that have to struggle to maintain their power. But leisured, secure aristocracies that have no need to exert themselves usually become bored, hedonistic and demoralized, even though they have power. This shows that power is not enough. One must have goals toward which to exercise one's power.

35. Everyone has goals; if nothing else, to obtain the physical necessities of life: food, water and whatever clothing and shelter are made necessary by the climate. But the leisured aristocrat obtains these things without effort. Hence his boredom and demoralization.

36. Nonattainment of important goals results in death if the goals are physical necessities, and in frustration if nonattainment of the goals is compatible with survival. Consistent failure to attain goals throughout life results in defeatism, low self-esteem or depression.

37, Thus, in order to avoid serious psychological problems, a human being needs goals whose attainment requires effort, and he must have a reasonable rate of success in attaining his goals.

SURROGATE ACTIVITIES

38. But not every leisured aristocrat becomes bored and demoralized. For example, the emperor Hirohito, instead of sinking into decadent hedonism, devoted himself to marine biology, a field in which he became distinguished. When people do not have to exert themselves to satisfy their physical needs they often set up artificial goals for themselves. In many cases they then pursue these goals with the same energy and emotional involvement that they otherwise would have put into the search for physical necessities. Thus the aristocrats of the Roman Empire had their literary pretensions; many European aristocrats a few centuries ago invested tremendous time and energy in hunting, though they certainly didn't need the meat; other aristocracies have competed for status through elaborate displays of wealth; and a few aristocrats, like Hirohito, have turned to science.

39. We use the term "surrogate activity" to designate an activity that is directed toward an artificial goal that people set up for themselves merely in order to have some goal to work toward, or let us say, merely for the sake of the "fulfillment" that they get from pursuing the goal. Here is a rule of thumb for the identification of surrogate activities. Given a person who devotes much time and energy to the pursuit of goal X, ask yourself this: If he had to devote most of his time and energy to satisfying his biological needs, and if that effort required him to use his physical and mental faculties in a varied and interesting way, would he feel seriously deprived because he did not attain goal X? If the answer is no, then the person's pursuit of goal X is a surrogate activity. Hirohito's studies in marine biology clearly constituted a surrogate activity, since it is pretty certain that if Hirohito had had to spend his time working at interesting non-scientific tasks in order to obtain the necessities of life, he would not have felt deprived because he didn't know all about the anatomy and life-cycles of marine animals. On the other hand the pursuit of sex and love (for example) is not a surrogate activity, because most people, even if their existence were otherwise satisfactory, would feel deprived if they passed their lives without ever having a relationship with a member of the opposite sex. (But pursuit of an excessive amount of sex, more than one really needs, can be a surrogate activity.)

40. In modern industrial society only minimal effort is necessary to satisfy one's physical needs. It is enough to go through a training program to acquire some petty technical skill, then come to work on time and exert the very modest effort needed to hold a job. The only requirements are a moderate amount of intelligence and, most of all, simple OBEDIENCE. If one has those, society takes care of one from cradle to grave. (Yes, there is an underclass that cannot take the physical necessities for granted, but we are speaking here of mainstream society.) Thus it is not surprising that modern society is full of surrogate activities. These include scientific work, athletic achievement, humanitarian work, artistic and literary creation, climbing the corporate ladder, acquisition of money and material goods far beyond the point at which they cease to give any additional physical satisfaction, and social activism when it addresses issues that are not important for the activist personally, as in the case of white activists who work for the rights of nonwhite minorities. These are not always PURE surrogate activities, since for many people they may be motivated in part by needs other than the need to have some goal to pursue. Scientific work may be motivated in part by a drive for prestige, artistic creation by a need to express feelings, militant social activism by hostility. But for most people who pursue them, these activities are in large part surrogate activities. For example, the majority of scientists will probably agree that the "fulfillment" they get from their work is more important than the money and prestige they earn.

41. For many if not most people, surrogate activities are less satisfying than the pursuit of real goals (that is, goals that people would want to attain even if their need for the power process were already fulfilled). One indication of this is the fact that, in many or most cases, people who are deeply involved in surrogate activities are never satisfied, never at rest. Thus the money-maker constantly strives for more and more wealth. The scientist no sooner solves one problem than he moves on to the next. The long-distance runner drives himself to run always farther and faster. Many people who pursue surrogate activities will say that they get far more fulfillment from these activities than they do from the "mundane" business of satisfying their biological needs, but that is because in our society the effort needed to satisfy the biological needs has been reduced to triviality. More importantly, in our society people do not satisfy their biological needs AUTONOMOUSLY but by functioning as parts of an immense social machine. In contrast, people generally have a great deal of autonomy in pursuing their surrogate activities.

AUTONOMY

42. Autonomy as a part of the power process may not be necessary for every individual. But most people need a greater or lesser degree of autonomy in working toward their goals. Their efforts must be undertaken on their own initiative and must be under their own direction and control. Yet most people do not have to exert this initiative, direction and control as single individuals. It is usually enough to act as a member of a SMALL group. Thus if half a dozen people discuss a goal among themselves and make a successful joint effort to attain that goal, their need for the power process will be served. But if they work under rigid orders handed down from above that leave them no room for autonomous decision and initiative, then their need for the power process will not be served. The same is true when decisions are made on a collective basis if the group making the collective decision is so large that the role of each individual is insignificant. [5]

43. It is true that some individuals seem to have little need for autonomy. Either their drive for power is weak or they satisfy it by identifying themselves with some powerful organization to which they belong. And then there are unthinking, animal types who seem to be satisfied with a purely physical sense of power (the good combat soldier, who gets his sense of power by developing fighting skills that he is quite content to use in blind obedience to his superiors).

44. But for most people it is through the power processshaving a goal, making an AUTONOMOUS effort and attaining the goalsthat self-esteem, self-confidence and a sense of power are acquired. When one does not have adequate opportunity to go through the power process the consequences are (depending on the individual and on the way the power process is disrupted) boredom, demoralization, low self-esteem, inferiority feelings, defeatism, depression, anxiety, guilt, frustration, hostility, spouse or child abuse, insatiable hedonism, abnormal sexual behavior, sleep disorders, eating disorders, etc. [6]

SOURCES OF SOCIAL PROBLEMS

45. Any of the foregoing symptoms can occur in any society, but in modern industrial society they are present on a massive scale. We aren't the first to mention that the world today seems to be going crazy. This sort of thing is not normal for human societies. There is good reason to believe that primitive man suffered from less stress and frustration and was better satisfied with his way of life than modern man is. It is true that not all was sweetness and light in primitive societies. Abuse of women was common among the Australian aborigines, transexuality was fairly common among some of the American Indian tribes. But it does appear that GENERALLY SPEAKING the kinds of problems that we have listed in the preceding paragraph were far less common among primitive peoples than they are in modern society.

46. We attribute the social and psychological problems of modern society to the fact that that society requires people to live under conditions radically different from those under which the human race evolved and to behave in ways that conflict with the patterns of behavior that the human race developed while living under the earlier conditions. It is clear from what we have already written that we consider lack of opportunity to properly experience the power process as the most important of the abnormal conditions to which modern society subjects people. But it is not the only one. Before dealing with disruption of the power process as a source of social problems we will discuss some of the other sources.

47. Among the abnormal conditions present in modern industrial society are excessive density of population, isolation of man from nature, excessive rapidity of social change and the breakdown of natural small-scale communities such as the extended family, the village or the tribe.

48. It is well known that crowding increases stress and aggression. The degree of crowding that exists today and the isolation of man from nature are consequences of technological progress. All pre-industrial societies were predominantly rural. The Industrial Revolution vastly increased the size of cities and the proportion of the population that lives in them, and modern agricultural technology has made it possible for the Earth to support a far denser population than it ever did before. (Also, technology exacerbates the effects of crowding because it puts increased disruptive powers in people's hands. For example, a variety of noise-making devices: power mowers, radios, motorcycles, etc. If the use of these devices is unrestricted, people who want peace and quiet are frustrated by the noise. If their use is restricted, people who use the devices are frustrated by the regulations. But if these machines had never been invented there would have been no conflict and no frustration generated by them.)

49. For primitive societies the natural world (which usually changes only slowly) provided a stable framework and therefore a sense of security. In the modern world it is human society that dominates nature rather than the other way around, and modern society changes very rapidly owing to technological change. Thus there is no stable framework.

50. The conservatives are fools: They whine about the decay of traditional values, yet they enthusiastically support technological progress and economic growth. Apparently it never occurs to them that you can't make rapid, drastic changes in the technology and the economy of a society without causing rapid changes in all other aspects of the society as well, and that such rapid changes inevitably break down traditional values.

51. The breakdown of traditional values to some extent implies the breakdown of the bonds that hold together traditional small-scale social groups. The disintegration of small-scale social groups is also promoted by the fact that modern conditions often require or tempt individuals to move to new locations, separating themselves from their communities. Beyond that, a technological society HAS TO weaken family ties and local communities if it is to function efficiently. In modern society an individual's loyalty must be first to the system and only secondarily to a small-scale community, because if the internal loyalties of small-scale communities were stronger than loyalty to the system, such communities would pursue their own advantage at the expense of the system.

52. Suppose that a public official or a corporation executive appoints his cousin, his friend or his co-religionist to a position rather than appointing the person best qualified for the job. He has permitted personal loyalty to supersede his loyalty to the system, and that is "nepotism" or "discrimination," both of which are terrible sins in modern society. Would-be industrial societies that have done a poor job of subordinating personal or local loyalties to loyalty to the system are usually very inefficient. (Look at Latin America.) Thus an advanced industrial society can tolerate only those small-scale communities that are emasculated, tamed and made into tools of the system. [7]

53. Crowding, rapid change and the breakdown of communities have been widely recognized as sources of social problems. But we do not believe they are enough to account for the extent of the problems that are seen today.

54. A few pre-industrial cities were very large and crowded, yet their inhabitants do not seem to have suffered from psychological problems to the same extent as modern man. In America today there still are uncrowded rural areas, and we find there the same problems as in urban areas, though the problems tend to be less acute in the rural areas. Thus crowding does not seem to be the decisive factor.

55. On the growing edge of the American frontier during the 19th century, the mobility of the population probably broke down extended families and small-scale social groups to at least the same extent as these are broken down today. In fact, many nuclear families lived by choice in such isolation, having no neighbors within several miles, that they belonged to no community at all, yet they do not seem to have developed problems as a result.

56. Furthermore, change in American frontier society was very rapid and deep. A man might be born and raised in a log cabin, outside the reach of law and order and fed largely on wild meat; and by the time he arrived at old age he might be working at a regular job and living in an ordered community with effective law enforcement. This was a deeper change than that which typically occurs in the life of a modern individual, yet it does not seem to have led to psychological problems. In fact, 19th century American society had an optimistic and self-confident tone, quite unlike that of today's society. [8]

57. The difference, we argue, is that modern man has the sense (largely justified) that change is IMPOSED on him, whereas the 19th century frontiersman had the sense (also largely justified) that he created change himself, by his own choice. Thus a pioneer settled on a piece of land of his own choosing and made it into a farm through his own effort. In those days an entire county might have only a couple of hundred inhabitants and was a far more isolated and autonomous entity than a modern county is. Hence the pioneer farmer participated as a member of a relatively small group in the creation of a new, ordered community. One may well question whether the creation of this community was an improvement, but at any rate it satisfied the pioneer's need for the power process.

58. It would be possible to give other examples of societies in which there has been rapid change and/or lack of close community ties without the kind of massive behavioral aberration that is seen in today's industrial society. We contend that the most important cause of social and psychological problems in modern society is the fact that people have insufficient opportunity to go through the power process in a normal way. We don't mean to say that modern society is the only one in which the power process has been disrupted. Probably most if not all civilized societies have interfered with the power process to a greater or lesser extent. But in modern industrial society the problem has become particularly acute. Leftism, at least in its recent (mid- to late-20th century) form, is in part a symptom of deprivation with respect to the power process.

---
## [jylescoad-ward/TheBetterSnip](https://github.com/jylescoad-ward/TheBetterSnip)@[f0a063f8c5...](https://github.com/jylescoad-ward/TheBetterSnip/commit/f0a063f8c566962cd88d981e197862ea90a8602a)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 06:37:45 by Jyles Coad-Ward

string.Empty --> "NoTrackPlaying"

fucking hell I hate empty files.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5bb9bea90c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5bb9bea90c249adf8cd5dc6955252aaec33c94f1)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 07:42:02 by Marko Grdinić

"9am. I am up. Let me chill a bit, and then I'll get back to thinking.

I think I'll take it a bit easier today.

9:10am. The router is sure taking its sweet time to get back online today. Let me try reseting stuff.

Anyway, one thing I want to get done in this iteration is parser messages. I am not satisfied with the tokenizer messages either. A pro compiler would do a better job. And the best way to get good parsing messages is to get rid of backtracking everywhere in the language.

9:15am. Now that I got the Internet back let me chill a bit. Though I do not usual comment on political happenings, let me paste an interesting thread by Zero HP. Let me copy it here in full since no doubt he will get banned at some point.

https://twitter.com/0x49fa98/status/1272181653285285892
> During the Korean War, captured American soldiers found themselves in POW camps run by Chinese Communists. The Chinese treated captives quite differently than their allies, the North Koreans, who favored savagery and harsh punishment to gain compliance

> The Red Chinese engaged in what they called “lenient policy,” which was a sophisticated psychological assault on their captives. After the war, American psychologists questioned the returning prisoners intensively, because of the unsettling success of the Chinese program

> The Chinese were very effective in getting Americans to inform on one another, in contrast to the behavior of American POWs in WWII. For this reason, escape plans were quickly uncovered and escape attempts themselves were rarely successful.

> When an escape did occur, the Chinese usually recovered the man easily by offering a mere bag of rice to anyone turning him in. In fact, nearly all American prisoners in the Chinese camps are said to have collaborated with the enemy in one form or another.

> How did the Chinese get compliance from the American POWS? These men were trained to provide only name, rank, serial number. Short of torture, how could the captors hope to get such men to give military information, turn in fellow prisoners, or publicly denounce their country?

> The Chinese answer was to start small and build. Prisoners were asked to make statements so mildly anti-American or pro-Communist as to seem inconsequential "The United States is not perfect." "In a Communist country, unemployment is not a problem."

> Once they complied with these minor requests, the men were pushed to submit to more substantive ones. A man who had agreed that the United States is not perfect might be asked provide examples. He might then be asked to make a list of "problems with America" and sign his name

> Later, he might be asked to read his list in a discussion group with other prisoners. “After all, it’s what you really believe, isn’t it?” Still later he might be asked to write an essay expanding on his list and discussing these problems in greater detail

> The Chinese might then use his name and his essay in an anti-American radio broadcast beamed not only to the entire camp, but to other POW camps in North Korea, as well as to American forces in South Korea.

> Suddenly he would find himself a "collaborator." Aware that he had written the essay without any threats or coercion, a man would change his image of himself to be consistent with the deed and with the new collaborator label, resulting in more extensive acts of collaboration

> The majority collaborated by doing things which seemed trivial to them but which the Chinese were able to turn to their own advantage. This was particularly effective in eliciting confessions, self-criticism, and information during interrogation.

> The majority of the men believed the Chinese story that the United States had used germ warfare, and many felt that their own forces had been the initial aggressors in starting the war. Similar inroads had been made in the political attitudes of the men:

> Many expressed antipathy toward the Chinese Communists but at the same time praised them for "the fine job they have done in China." Others stated that "although communism won’t work in America, I think it’s a good thing for Asia."

> Our best evidence of another man's true feelings and beliefs is their behavior, not their words. What the Chinese knew is that a man uses this same evidence to know what he himself is like. He observes his behavior to understand his own beliefs, values, and attitudes

> Writing was one type of confirming action that the Chinese urged incessantly upon their prisoners. It was never enough to listen quietly or even to agree verbally; they were always pushed to write it down as well. Psychologist Edgar Schein describes this tactic:

> A further technique was to have the man write out the question and then the [pro-Communist] answer. If he refused to write it voluntarily, he was asked to copy it from the notebooks, which must have seemed like a harmless enough concession. But, oh, those "harmless" concessions.

> Seemingly trifling commitments can lead to extraordinary further behavior. A written declaration is physical evidence of your commitment, leaving no opportunity to forget or to deny what you have done. The irrevocably documented act drives you to make your self-image consistent

> We tend to think that a statement reflects the true attitude of the person who made it, even if we know the person did not freely choose to make it. Unless there is strong evidence to the contrary, observers automatically assume that someone who makes a statement means it

> Think of the double-barreled effects on the self-image of a prisoner who wrote a pro-Chinese or anti-American statement. Not only was it a lasting personal reminder of his action, it was also likely to persuade those around him that the statement reflected his actual beliefs.

> A similar technique involved political essay contests that were regularly held in camp. The prizes for winning were invariably small--a few cigarettes or a bit of fruit--but were sufficiently scarce that they generated interest from the men

> Usually the winning essays took a pro-Communist stand, but not always. Most prisoners would not want to enter a contest that required writing a Communist tract. So the prize was sometimes given to essays that supported the USA but made small concessions to the Chinese view

> The men participated voluntarily in the contests because they saw that they could win with an essay favorable to their own country. But perhaps without realizing it, they began to shade their essays a bit toward communism in order to have a better chance of winning.

> The Chinese wanted as many Americans as possible to enter these contests so that, in the process, they might write things favorable to the Communist view. If, however, the idea was to attract large numbers of entrants, why were the prizes so small?

> They chose to employ the smaller rewards because they wanted the men to own what they had done. No excuses, no ways out were allowed. A prisoner who salted his political essay with a few anti-American comments could not be permitted to shrug it off as motivated by a big reward.

> It was not enough to wring commitments out of their men; those men had to be made to take inner responsibility for their actions. We accept inner responsibility for a behavior when we think we have chosen to perform it in the absence of strong outside pressures

> The big things to understand here are
> 1) when you see yourself doing something, you change your self-image to include "I am a person who does that thing"
> 2) when you think others see you a certain way, the same.
> 3) you will act in ways that are consistent with your self-image

> So in light of that, please consider how being a user of Social Media, especially real-name social media, is structurally identical to being a prisoner in a Chinese POW camp during the Korean war.

> When you endorse a cause on social media, the rewards are worthless. Tiny rewards mean that you will not perceive your statements as being coerced, you will own them. And yet, the public eye puts pressure on you to say things that are pro-social in a very particular way

> Most people want to appear compassionate. A political slogan, a bleeding heart story, these things that you spread virally, they change your self-image. And they leave you with evidence, public evidence, that you are the kind of person who speaks out about "systemic oppression"

> Social media created the feedback loop that drove everyone mad with social justice. Just like in the Chinese camp, the subtle but constant pressure to make cheap moralistic statements resulted in mass conversions. I believe this is the true cause of the "great awokening"

This is a trully excellent thread. And now you know why I make these essay length commits all the time in the Spiral repo. It is a continuous process of self brainwashing. I once wrote 'mind control is true free will' and this is one application of that. There are multiple views on that principle, and it is a source of great grief for me to realize that I until I get a technological source of mind control that I can use on myself, I will never be trully free.

As effective as it is, essay writing will only get one so far. Though it will serve in a pinch until one can shed his human frailties.

9:40am. I am bit spent from yesterday, so let me take it easy this morning. After that I'll sit down and try to do the parser again. If things start coming to me then fine, but if not I'll get back to brainstorming until I get to that point.

Let me do my morning reading."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7b9d4e719d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7b9d4e719df6c9353902cc6a868fd5f4026d7314)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 13:17:19 by Marko Grdinić

"1:20pm. Done with breakfast. Let me watch Re:Zero.

1:50pm. If the first ep is anything to go by, it will be just as good as the previous season. I'll definitely be watching it.

Now, focus me, focus.

2:30pm. Had to take a break, but I've been thinking about it during it.

Thoughts are still streaming through my mind, so I do not feel like talking about it just yet, but before I go to bed, let me write down what I am thinking currently.

Half an hour ago I said start, and if I am going to start, the place it makes sense to do so would be comments. That immediatelly raises trouble. Unlike in the previous parser where I filtered them out in the tokenizer, here I am keeping them around and that will cause issues for me if it turns out I have to add special cases to the language in order to deal with them.

So in order to simplify dealing with them...

```fs
    l : Tokenize.LineToken [] []
```

I think I will split this into regular tokens and comments. Comments have a property that they always come at the end so they will be easy to partition.

That will make them easy to associate to statements whenever I encounter them. I'll want that for variable tooltips.

I thought doing that only on the outer level, but smart dealing of the comments will make it possible to do that easily for the inner expressions as well.

2:40pm. Ok, that is about it for the comments. That is one thing.

The other part is - how exactly will I do the second part of the semantic highlighting pass?

2:50pm. ...For the second part I do not necessarily want a lot, but one thing I do want is to differentiate value and type scopes. I want the type variables to have distinct coloring.

Other thing I'd want is for..

```
inl x = From: 1 nearTo: 2
```

I'd want this to be recognized as a function call and highlighted specifically.

2:55pm. Now, comments are easy, but how exactly do I deal with this?

I know how to parse a token sequence into an AST, but how exactly do I parse this so the original sequence is enriched.

3:05pm. Also...

```
inl f (left: right:) = ...
```

If there is one thing I like, that is punning. I'd like the `left:` and `right:` here to be highlighted as variables.

Furthermore, I want the same thing in records.

```
inl f {a b c} = ...
```

I want `a`, `b`, `c` to be highlighted as variables here. And...

```
inl f {a=q b=w c=e} = ...
```

I want `a`, `b`, `c` to be highlighted as symbols here.

3:15pm. It is slowly coming to me. Let me take off to bed for a bit."

---
## [AtomicNibble/buffalo](https://github.com/AtomicNibble/buffalo)@[3ea20a390e...](https://github.com/AtomicNibble/buffalo/commit/3ea20a390e5c0e9e26e28b93611bb82dc8c1cbb1)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 15:08:58 by Tom

Don't call assetMap.Keys() on each call to assetPath holy shit.

This will allocate a slice and fill with every value in the manifest
then sort it. So if you have 1k items in the manifest this is slow as hell.

I've also changed it so we only reload the manifest in dev mode once.
Not 9 billion times per a page load.

This brings my page load time down from 16ms to 4ms... Jesus.
This slow down is also in production since Keys() always called.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9b54304347...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9b54304347fee84b8f1cc0cf749aa8b41f9a1d87)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 16:20:36 by Marko Grdinić

"3:55pm. Ok...

I've thought about it. I have a firm direction on what do I need to do. There are several schemes I could use to make part 2 of semantic highlighting work, but I haven't decided on which one yet. There are some bad ways of doing it - all the good ones involve associating meta fields to the token and then filling them in later.

As doing that requires the parser to be finished and all that information can be inferred from the parsed AST, I can and should just focus on doing the parser first. The really brilliant part is to get rid of the comments from the token array. Let me do that now.

```fs
type LineComment = Range * string
```

```fs
type Env = {
    tokens : Tokenize.LineToken [] []
    comments : Tokenize.LineComment option []
    row : int ref
    col : int ref
    semicolon_line : int
    symbol_line : int
    is_top_down : bool
    }
```

Perfect.

4:10pm. Now, let me do a little comment fetching function.

Right now it is 4:10pm so I am not sure how much do I feel like doing, but I will do a little to get things started. I feel like I am finally warming up to it.

My grasp on the language is getting better and it feels I could do parsing, prepass + partial evaluation all in two weeks if do it with my usual force. But I am not in a hurry. Let me take my time. Considering I have to deal with editor support and who knows what, having it take a month to do it all as it should be will not be a waste of time.

I am absolutely determined to do it properly this time around. So let me.

4:15pm.

```fs
let comments line_near_to character (s : Env) =
    let rec loop line d =
        if line < 0 then
            match s.comments.[line] with
            | Some(r,text) when r.from = character -> loop (line-1) (text :: d)
            | _ -> d
        else d
    loop (line_near_to-1) []
```

Yeah, this is how you gather the comments.

Now let me do a little function to normalize the whitespace.

```
    a
        b
        b
```

I want this to dedent the string so the relative order is preserved, but the one with the least whitespace is at the start.

```
a
    b
    b
```

Something like this.

You often see comments like...

```
// Some something
// Abc def
```

And...

```
//Some something
//Abc def
```

I'd like to preserve the style.

Actually, rather than do some strange kind of stripping how about I impose the whitespace requirement?

```fs
let comment (s : Tokenizer) =
    let from = s.from
    let x = peek s
    let x' = peek' s 1
    if x = '/' && x' = '/' then
        inc' 2 s
        let com = s.text.[s.from..]
        s.from <- s.text.Length
        Ok ({from=from; nearTo=s.from}, TokComment com)
    else
        error_char from (Expected "comment")
```

Right now the comment parser is this.

Let me add that whitespace requirement.

```fs
let comment (s : Tokenizer) =
    if peek s = '/' && peek' s 1 = '/' then
        let from = s.from
        inc' 2 s
        skip ' ' s (fun () ->
            let com = s.text.[s.from..]
            s.from <- s.text.Length
            Ok ({from=from; nearTo=s.from}, TokComment com)
            ) (fun () -> error_char s.from (Expected "whitespace"))
    else
        error_char s.from (Expected "comment")
```

There. Now it will be the user's responsibility to format the comments correctly. No need to second guess him.

```fs
let comments line_near_to character (s : Env) =
    let rec loop line d =
        if line < 0 then
            match s.comments.[line] with
            | Some(r,text) when r.from = character -> loop (line-1) (text :: d)
            | _ -> d
        else d
    loop (line_near_to-1) []
    |> String.concat "\n"
```

And now I can just do this and I get the documentation I would show in a tooltip when the user hovers over a variable. How sweet is this - very sweet.

4:35pm. But where is the documentation going to go. Once again, it should go into the variable. But where should it be associated?

```fs
type SymbolString = string * Pos
type VarString = string * Pos
```

I've farsightedly set this as `string * Pos`, but given that I am going to be adding various kinds of metadata in later, I am not sure.

Having only `Pos` as the secondary field is one thing, but I will later have to override the initial token, have scope, have whether the variable is used, and now if I think about it, every variable should also have documentation.

I mean think about it.

```
// Some constant
inl A = 1
// Different constant
inl B = 2
...
inl f x = A + B + x
```

Like, I do not care if the tooltip shows the documentation on the second or the fourth line - the user can see that clearly enough already.

What I need is the tooltip to show up in `f`.

For that, I do need a later kind of pass.

```fs
type SymbolString = string * Pos
type VarString = string * Pos
```

I do not really want to stuff things in `VarString` and `SymbolString`.

Let me get rid of the `Pos` here after all, and I will go back to dictionaries.

...Let me just check one thing.

```fs
skip ':' s (fun () -> TokSymbolPaired(x) |> ok)
```

I think I will convert `:` to `_` directly in the tokenizer...

...No actually, this does not matter. The position is not dependent on the string itself.

4:50pm. Actually, I've just realized something.

I don't actually need positional information in the variables themselves.

```fs
let var (s: Tokenizer) =
    let from = s.from
    let ok x = ({from=from; nearTo=s.from}, x)
    let body x =
        skip ':' s (fun () -> TokSymbolPaired(x) |> ok)
```

Like consider this. All the positions are in the tokens themselves. Even if I do not add position metadata during parsing, if I have something like a list of unbound variables and I want to get their positions, all I would need to do is flatten the block, make a (ref equality based) dictionary of string reference the symbol and variable tokens hold, and associate them to the positions already in the block.

This is a piece of cake.

I literally have zero need to bother myself with positions during the process of parsing.

```fs
type SymbolString = string
type VarString = string
```

So let me set this as so then. But then...

```fs
| RawOp of Pos * Op * RawExpr []
```

This having a position is right. I need the typechecker to latch onto something.

But again...

```fs
    | RawPairTest of var0: VarString * var1: VarString * bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
    | RawSymbolTest of SymbolString * vars: VarString [] * bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
    | RawRecordTest of RawRecordTestPattern [] * bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
    | RawAnnotTest of RawTExpr * bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
    | RawValueTest of Literal * bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
    | RawDefaultLitTest of string * bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
    | RawUnionTest of name: SymbolString * vars: VarString [] * bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
    | RawBTest of bind: VarString * on_succ: RawExpr * on_fail: RawExpr
```

These tests not having a position is troublesome. But then again, successful positions do not need a position. Pattern misses should be enough.

Still, I need something for the typechecker.

```fs
| RawLet of var: VarString * bind: RawExpr * on_succ: RawExpr
```

```fs
| RawDefaultLit of string
```

And this thing could fail as well.

...

```fs
| RawOp of Op * RawExpr []
```

You know what, let me get rid of this.

I'll easily add positional information that I need when I need it.

Forget worrying about positions. That sort of thing is extendable.

The initial thing should be as simple as possible. I will do the bare needed functionality first.

5:05pm.

```fs
let top_statement s =
    let i = index s
    let inline (+) a b = alt i a b
    comments (top_let + top_inl) s
```

Forget the comments as well.

```fs
let top_let s = failwith "TODO" s
let top_inl s = failwith "TODO" s

let top_statement s =
    let i = index s
    let inline (+) a b = alt i a b
    (top_let + top_inl) s
```

This is where I need to start.

5:15pm. Also I've decided.

In order to infer the unused variables and propagate documentation info properly, I am going to have to do a pass before typechecking.

It might be possible to do it during typechecking...

But I do not want to stuff things into a pass which I do not know how to do. As a matter of principle, I should free things up so I do as little as needed there.

```fs
| RawSymbolCreate of SymbolString * RawExpr []
```

Oh yeah, this symbol create. Let me get rid of this expression on the right side.

...Or maybe, let me leave it like this?

Let me leave it like this, it can be a little optimization.

```fs
    // Pair
    | PairCreate
```

```fs
    // Tuple
    | TupleCreate
```

No need to restrict myself to creating pairs. Wouldn't it be better to make it a single operation? it will make it easier to place positions properly.

5:25pm. I am wondering, where did I create the unit type last time?

```fs
| RawB
```

Ah, this thing...I'll leave it in.

5:30pm. I could reuse `TupleCreate` for this, but Let me not add positional information to ops that will always succeed.

Yeah, I need to afix this concept in my mind - positional information should go to operations that can fail. Not filly, nilly.

It seems hard to believe, but this was never actually my criteria when deciding where `Pos` nodes should go in the past.

5:40pm. Ok, by now I've pretty much gone over everything haven't I?

Right now, what I need to do is start.

```fs
let top_let s = failwith "TODO" s
let top_inl s = failwith "TODO" s
```

Bring out the pattern parser and parse these things.

Thinking about the language any more than I have is not going to help. I just need to bring my foot down and make that first step.

```fs
|> fun x -> x.TrimEnd()
```

Let me trim the comments from the end. Do not want the empty spaces and newline to get needlessly included.

5:55pm. Am thinking about the record parser right now.

As expected the worst parts of the parser are the ones which do backtracking.

I really simplified the statement parser by saying that everything the pattern side is a pattern - no more annotations. But the record parser requires backtracking.

Actually, I think I solved that in fact, but I've never internalized it properly.

In the prototype the record parser should not be doing backtracking anywhere.

...Yeah, I should be able to do it if I put my nose to the grindstone.

6pm. Ok, to finish the day, let me do one thing.

```fs
| RawAnd of RawExpr
```

Let me add this thing at the end. I want to make it easy for the subsequent pass to combine blocks.

Now with that, well, I won't really unwind just yet, but I won't delude myself into thinking that I will be doing anymore work. I feel like brainstorming for a bit longer, but at this point I feel pretty primed for action.

I've touched the compiler and turned it around over and over in my mind for the past few days. By now, I am definitely getting hungry for some real action.

```fs
    member d.LineEnd = d.LineTemplate (fun x -> x.Pos.end_line)
    member d.ColEnd = d.LineTemplate (fun x -> x.Pos.end_column)

    member inline d.Skip'(i) = d.i := d.i.contents+i
    member d.Skip = d.Skip'(1)

    member d.Ok (pos : TokenPosition, t) =
        d.var_positions.[t] <- {module_=d.module_; column=pos.start_column; line=pos.start_line}
        Ok(t)

    member d.PeekSpecial =
        d.TryCurrent <| function
            | TokSpecial(p,t') -> Ok(t')
            | _ -> Error []
```

Yeah, what I am going to start tomorrow are these helpers.

6:15pm. Let me close here as it is lunch time. I think I will hammer it a bit more into my mind and tomorrow, I should have nothing on my mind but the urge to start programming. The old code I've written is in no way in bad shape, I can rely on it.

I just need to spread my wings and the winds of my past experience will start lifting me."

---
## [CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole)@[3d1c32fdae...](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole/commit/3d1c32fdaecae6724999310be76775abd2df66c1)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 20:10:27 by frick-nedrickson

Add TREES!

After adding Surt-esque grid textures in the last commit, this commit
adds our first set of obstacles to navigate around: TREES!

I used yet ANOTHER piece of Surt assets, this time from his "Forest
Tiles" asset pack, which I modified using the pallete from his
Blowharder 2 asset pack.

Each tree has two light levels - light and dark. They're just pallete
swaps, but I think eventually we'll have a day/night mode and I want
to swap out the colors to better reflect the light level.

I chose to place all of the trees in the same animation frames. This
allows us to only use one scene to represent all trees. This will make
it easier to randomize trees on-the-fly; and will (probably?) make it
easier to re-use common code and behaviors, like the trees getting
knocked over or bursting into flames.

I eventually want to implement some sort of behavior where powerful
attacks can fell trees - so I tried making the trees physics objects
but they proved to be far too flimsy, falling over and rolling around
at the slightest whim. I'll kick that can until I start implenting
bear vs. clown attacks.

Currently, the trees sprites are set by a combination of light level
and tree type. The sprite is then set automatically - however, the
editor doesn't reflect this change - maybe we should do something
about that...

---
## [ItayGet/minecraft-unity](https://github.com/ItayGet/minecraft-unity)@[1bf572e627...](https://github.com/ItayGet/minecraft-unity/commit/1bf572e62704a941c2df08cc24d6db583d0eb5a4)
#### Saturday 2020-07-11 21:53:12 by Amror

THE PLAYER CAN JUMP HE CAN JUMP

omg the player can fucking jump
and more shit

---

# [<](2020-07-10.md) 2020-07-11 [>](2020-07-12.md)

