# [<](2020-03-20.md) 2020-03-21 [>](2020-03-22.md)

1,702,063 events, 929,361 push events, 1,358,620 commit messages, 85,870,658 characters


## [leahfortier/pokemon](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon)@[baa229d71a...](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon/commit/baa229d71a76f3267de365bb8879c8f5a83598be)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 04:08:51 by leahfortier

basePowerTest and Mimic and Life Dew fixes

- yeah Mimic was just totally broken and giving NPEs and I don't know what the fuck that was like it didn't look like the NPEs were the least of the problems there...
- and yeah apparently Life Dew was accidentally entered as a special move instead of a status move (which was the inspiration of this test)
- anyways this test should make it difficult for Life Dew to ever happen again and in general can sometimes catch things like Mimic too just by having a routine way to run every move
- test method looks into the power string, the power after setup, and the direct damage dealt from using the attack
- confirms that every single non-status move can inflict direct damage

---
## [Dachshund77/BicycleRackV2](https://github.com/Dachshund77/BicycleRackV2)@[492b885c73...](https://github.com/Dachshund77/BicycleRackV2/commit/492b885c733dd801b2f3a5385078e3270d1c9960)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 04:24:13 by Sven Büchner

HOLY SHIT, i hate JS. Made the security sort of work after hours. Refactoring now

---
## [Gemtiger01/hi](https://github.com/Gemtiger01/hi)@[3d65af2f72...](https://github.com/Gemtiger01/hi/commit/3d65af2f7227d119b1bde3c81865f70393304fd8)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 07:18:51 by Gemtiger01

why the fuck is it like this stupid bitch of a thing go die in a corn

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[829378e0d2...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/829378e0d2af27c3acaea27127b0f13852cae2b3)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 11:31:33 by Marko Grdinić

"8:20am. Tonight was hell. I spent all night thinking about how to do row polymorphism only to realize that my rules were all unsound. Row polymorphism is out. It is too hard to do.

Damn, I am tired today. I am going to have to take it easy today. I barely got any rest.

Now I am thinking about typeclasses and they are the ones giving me trouble now. Uf.

Let me check out those threads from yesterday.

8:30am. I think my idea to just go with Emacs for Cygwin has merit. Though somebody did give me a Linux VM image in the Reddit thread.

The SO answer just suggests what I saw in that other answer, which is to install `chere` and add the shell open to the right click context menu. I upvoted it as some effort went into the answer, still, this is not the kind of answer that satisfies me. It does not really connect with what I am asking. I won't accept it.

8:35am. I really am exhausted. What was I supposed to be doing today? Investigating the Reason plugin I think.

8:40am. Ugh, let me just clone the repo.

https://github.com/jaredly/reason-language-server

I mean this.

8:45am. Wow, it is 157mb at only 50%. What is in that thing?

8:50am. I need some downtime today. I'll try to put a few hours into this, but otherwise I think I'll just slack.

9:30am. Let me do just a bit.

```
  "scripts": {
    "cp-test":
      "cp #{self.target_dir}/install/default/bin/RunTests.exe RunTests.exe",
    "package":
      "esy build && esy cp \"#{self.target_dir}/default/bin/Bin.exe\" editor-extensions/vscode/bin.native",
    "zip": "./release.sh",
    "check-self-definitions":
      "fd -E examples '.*\\.re$' | xargs ./bin.exe check -q -d .",
    "vsce": "cd editor-extensions/vscode && vsce package",
    "reprocess-ocaml": "(cd process_ocaml; ./build.sh); esy",
    "symlink":
      "esy ln -s '#{self.target_dir}/install/default/bin/Bin' bin.exe",
    "cp-bin": "cp #{self.target_dir}/install/default/bin/Bin bin.exe"
  },
```

I don't get this stuff at all.

All of these seems to be Linux commands. But what are the entry points?

Also typechecking does not work for me with this.

```
Reason Language Server not found! You specified e:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server\bin.exe
```

Ah, now that I am opening the project again I see this.

Is it possible to compile the project on Windows?

```
- Install `esy` if you don't have it (`npm install -g esy`)
- Clone this repo
- `cd` to the cloned dir
- Run `esy` from the main project dir
- Run `esy symlink` to link the built artifact into the root folder at `bin.exe`
- Install the VS Code extension's dependencies `cd editor-extensions/vscode && npm i && cd ../..`
- Open this project in VS Code
```

I guess I'll try.

Let me go for this. I guess I'll spend another few Gbs.

9:50am. The thing is still installing. As can be expected, the inefficiency when things get large becomes exponential.

One thing I really have to do is take a look at the module chapter again. I haven't quite gotten the module and the object material.

```
e:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server>npm install -g esy
C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\esy -> C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\esy\_build\default\bin\esy.exe

> esy-solve-cudf@0.1.10 postinstall C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\esy\node_modules\esy-solve-cudf
> node ./postinstall.js

> esy@0.6.2 postinstall C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\esy
> node ./postinstall.js

Installing native compiler toolchain for Windows...
Native compiler toolchain installed successfully.
+ esy@0.6.2
added 2 packages in 533.072s
```

It took 9m, but it is finally done.

Let me run `esy`.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HkXVyYQ8ss
React Chicago Feb 2020 - "TypeScript vs. ReasonML - When Sh*t Gets Real" by Peter Piekarczyk

While this is going on, I'll listen to this in the background. Let me take a look at the modules again here.

One thing I do not get - I've been thinking about arrays.

Since comparable module is something like.

```
module type Compare =
    type t;
    compare : t -> t -> Ordering
```

Then you'd include this in the array.

But array would be...

```
module type Array =
    type t x = Array x;
```

This is what I could not get during the night. The type signature for array should be a function.

Am I doing this wrong. Can a module also have a type argument?

The module signature for array should definitely have a type argument.

```
module type Array x =
    type t = Array x;
```

Something like this then? Yeah, I've never used them so I've completely forgotten the Reason syntax from yesterday. I pretty much just blazed through it.

10:05am. https://reasonml.github.io/docs/en/module

Ah, I see.

There is something that is bothering me. I've been thinking about typeclasses during the night, but I am really uncomfortable with them after all. Things like orphan instances, and having to do layers of unification and whatnot.

The thing is, unlike Haskell, I actually do not need them for ad-hoc polymorphism. The bottom-up Spiral thing that I am doing already covers that. So if I could get extensibility without necessarily having to deal without having to pass a global dictionary around that would be great.

10:15am. So much trouble. Typeclasses are really causing me issues, but...

```
e:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server>esy
info esy 0.6.2 (using package.json)
info fetching: done
error command failed: "tar" "xf" "/cygdrive/e/Webdev/Ocaml/reason-language-server/_esy/default/dist/f34f64b259f0f67c9f07cb2331f9cbf8" "-C" "/cygdrive/c/Users/Marko/AppData/Local/Temp/esy-9cf9ef"
      stderr:
               tar: ocamlbuild-0.14.0/examples/07-dependent-projects/libdemo: Cannot create symlink to '../04-library/libdemo': Operation not permitted
               tar: Exiting with failure status due to previous errors

      stdout:

error: error running command
  unpacking @opam/ocamlbuild@opam:0.14.0
  installing @opam/ocamlbuild@opam:0.14.0
esy: exiting due to errors above
```

Now the install is failing for me here as well. I'll open an issue.

10:20am.

```
               tar: ocamlbuild-0.14.0/examples/07-dependent-projects/libdemo: Cannot create symlink to '../04-library/libdemo': Operation not permitted
```

Hmmm...Maybe I need to run `cmd` as admin?

https://superuser.com/questions/42537/is-there-any-sudo-command-for-windows/269750

10:30am.

```
PS E:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server> esy
esy : File C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\esy.ps1 cannot be loaded because running scripts is disabled on this
system. For more information, see about_Execution_Policies at https:/go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=135170.
At line:1 char:1
+ esy
+ ~~~
    + CategoryInfo          : SecurityError: (:) [], PSSecurityException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : UnauthorizedAccess
```

Holy shit, this is so annoying! When I try to use runass to run cmd as admin it complains about empty passwords not being allowed.

10:30am. https://tecadmin.net/powershell-running-scripts-is-disabled-system/

Changing the execution policy to remote worked for me.

10:40am.

```
PS E:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server> esy
info esy 0.6.2 (using package.json)
info fetching: done
info installing: done
info building @esy-ocaml/substs@0.0.1@d41d8cd9
info building ocaml@4.8.1000@d41d8cd9
info building @esy-ocaml/substs@0.0.1@d41d8cd9: done
info building @opam/base-threads@opam:base@36803084
info building @opam/base-unix@opam:base@87d0b2eb
info building @opam/conf-m4@opam:1@3b2b148a
info building @opam/base-threads@opam:base@36803084: done
info building @opam/base-unix@opam:base@87d0b2eb: done
info building @opam/conf-m4@opam:1@3b2b148a: done
```

It feels like it is stuck here for a while. Is it doing anything. Well, I'll let it run for a while.

I've gotten sidetracked.

https://reasonml.github.io/docs/en/object

Let me study objects again.

10:50am. Oh, the `esy` run finished.

```
- Install `esy` if you don't have it (`npm install -g esy`)
- Clone this repo
- `cd` to the cloned dir
- Run `esy` from the main project dir
- Run `esy symlink` to link the built artifact into the root folder at `bin.exe`
- Install the VS Code extension's dependencies `cd editor-extensions/vscode && npm i && cd ../..`
- Open this project in VS Code
```

Now comes `esy symlink`.

10:55am.

```
PS E:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server> cd editor-extensions/vscode
PS E:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server\editor-extensions\vscode> npm i

> reason-vscode@1.7.8 postinstall E:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server\editor-extensions\vscode
> node ./node_modules/vscode/bin/install

Detected VS Code engine version: ^1.22.0
Found minimal version that qualifies engine range: 1.22.0
Fetching vscode.d.ts from: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Microsoft/vscode/6b4d53cdab8bcae1eaaa4934d93c077319b573db/src/vs/vscode.d.ts
vscode.d.ts successfully installed!

added 298 packages from 470 contributors and audited 915 packages in 20.206s
found 24 vulnerabilities (10 low, 7 moderate, 7 high)
  run `npm audit fix` to fix them, or `npm audit` for details
PS E:\Webdev\Ocaml\reason-language-server\editor-extensions\vscode>
```

With this I am done. Let me see if I can get some typechecking for the project now.

```
Couldn't start client Reason Language Server
```

Figures. What do I need to do now?

I guess, I'll ask the author.

11:15am. Opened an issue.

Right now, I feel obsessed about typeclasses.

I am really strongly leaning towards associating interfaces with nominal types instead. Something less flexible than typeclasses that would be easier to implement in the context of the rest of the language. Something that is not open ended. Something that does not have me make custom restriction code, but it is designed that way from the start.

11:20am. Typeclass functions can really do anything, but for the sake of my sanity, I'd much prefer if the first argument fully determines the typeclass instance.

11:25am. Yeah, this is right. The OO way of doing things is right for once. Having arbitrary global dictionaries is insane design.

I know that probably there are restrictions tacked on, but doesn't it make more sense to take a measured approach to begin with. Even with just interfaces, one can still have monads and applicatives if that is what id wanted.

I am just thinking about this, and it does not make sense.

The main difference from passing regular functions in a record which is a viable, if less efficient approach - is that the interfaces will be associated with the type rather than the value, meaning the join point specialization will not have to take special note of it.

12:10pm. Wow, this is absolutely killing me. I decided on interfaces - and this is very similar to the approach F# took, but now I realize that I have to account for interface constraints in that case! Another thing that would add significantly to the complexity of the language.

I think that for my initial foray, I should just ignore interface constraints. I have enough on my plate with everything else.

Like, everything would work even without constraints, it is just that I would get error at partial evaluation time.

12:20pm. I am dying here. Nothing is going the way I want. I had very simple ideas for how constraints should work and this is sending it all to hell.

I am going to have breakfast now, but let me do a little review.

If I weren't tired like a donkey, what would I be doing next? Studying VS Code specific events.

I've decided to deal away with `vscode-languageserver-node` and write my own client parts in Reason. I very sure that I should be able to bypass it and get various events from the editor itself. If I am really honest about this, that is what I should focus on.

For over a month now, I've been stuck in this morass of complexity, making very little progress. I really want to get going. I am going to put effort until I break through.

12:30pm. I am going to change my focus to this. Until I get a reply, I'll go back to Typescript and studying the `vscode-languageserver-node` project. That thing is the devil."

---
## [komsihon/Project2](https://github.com/komsihon/Project2)@[998068207c...](https://github.com/komsihon/Project2/commit/998068207cacad78d9e7f39e67762f8d7d100b77)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 12:31:23 by theYogam

1. Remind referrer when his referee deployed a website using his referral link.
2. Change dara xp when his friend join one of his company.
3. Update static file used in cart.html template.
4. Update extra context parameters when a Dara is on level 2 of Dara real life experience.

---
## [NAZIMSOFT/Mohammad-Shahjahan](https://github.com/NAZIMSOFT/Mohammad-Shahjahan)@[0df7a14f8b...](https://github.com/NAZIMSOFT/Mohammad-Shahjahan/commit/0df7a14f8bd22dc6d5e6bd5e276788c347517846)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 14:51:10 by NAZIMSOFT

Are You Wondering About Your Satta Matka Result?

At some point, we all wondered what we would do if we won the satta matka result. Even if you never play, it's almost impossible to ignore this idea when you hear of someone who makes tens (or hundreds) of millions of dollars. With this money in the queue, it tempts the past to see huge obstacles and flashes of hope that trigger all kinds of emotions. Definitely, everyone wants to have more money and there is no other way than to make more money with a little effort. This makes it easy to stick to the fantasy of winning.
Therefore, we focus on all the things we buy and any problems that may disappear. We think of the joy and excitement we once wanted, and we feel completely uncomfortable about worrying about money. We all focus on the reasons why people play satta matka result in the first place, but usually most people no longer think about it. It is very interesting to think about the practical concerns associated with winning the satta matka result and there seems to be no reason to worry about the potential burden we never face.
However, the probability that someone will eventually win is more than the probability that someone will fail the satta matka result jackpot. Of the few selected to succeed in this category, some may be ready to speak. What comes next is nothing but a whole new life with new fears.
Most people have spent their entire lives adjusting to the idea of making little money, but only a few know how to deal with sudden surpluses. I hesitate to use the term "a lot of money", but when the amount is so large that no one can keep control, it is necessary. Of course, the average person will hardly feel much sympathy for the recent satta matka result winner. But it's worth noting that a surprisingly high percentage of people's lives have already been destroyed by winning the satta matka result. In addition to the countless examples of bankruptcy winners, many have also developed many addictions and destructive habits, many of which have killed their lives, while some have even been killed.
It is clear that a simple satta matka result win is not what determines the outcome of that person's life. Rather, it is the person who deals with the event that ultimately affects their general well-being. We all understand by nature that simply playing satta matka result does not guarantee a great deal of wealth, but it is just as important to understand that winning just does not guarantee a higher level of happiness. Instead, it can only provide an opportunity for a better life. After all, the winner should control the money, not the other way around.
One of the best ways to stay in control is to be able to step out of control before planning and preparing. This means that great care must be taken before paying out the winning satta matka result ticket. Despite the high expectations, there is no need to participate in the satta matka result committee immediately after winning. In fact, in most satta matka result winners give prizes several months (not days). If done right, this time it may turn out to be the same as your ticket.
The first (and most obvious) step is to know what to do with the winning satta matka result ticket. But the next one has a lot to do. Other responsibilities include finding legal representation, tax attorneys and financial advisors who can support the winner of the satta matka result. While it may be easy to find many people who would rather work with someone who has found millions of dollars, they are not always suited to the task ahead. You probably don't want someone who has never worked with a hair like yours before, so trust someone if they've never worked with a satta matka result winner, so how does he handle your huge amount of money? A person's financial future is very valuable in exposing unproven services that may or may not meet that person's needs.

---
## [z3DD3r/android_kernel_lge_hammerhead](https://github.com/z3DD3r/android_kernel_lge_hammerhead)@[6dd074d005...](https://github.com/z3DD3r/android_kernel_lge_hammerhead/commit/6dd074d0054404c39c6aaba2ba4bb97ca97f2346)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 14:58:09 by Hugh Dickins

block: replace __getblk_slow misfix by grow_dev_page fix

commit 676ce6d5ca3098339c028d44fe0427d1566a4d2d upstream.

Commit 91f68c89d8f3 ("block: fix infinite loop in __getblk_slow")
is not good: a successful call to grow_buffers() cannot guarantee
that the page won't be reclaimed before the immediate next call to
__find_get_block(), which is why there was always a loop there.

Yesterday I got "EXT4-fs error (device loop0): __ext4_get_inode_loc:3595:
inode #19278: block 664: comm cc1: unable to read itable block" on console,
which pointed to this commit.

I've been trying to bisect for weeks, why kbuild-on-ext4-on-loop-on-tmpfs
sometimes fails from a missing header file, under memory pressure on
ppc G5.  I've never seen this on x86, and I've never seen it on 3.5-rc7
itself, despite that commit being in there: bisection pointed to an
irrelevant pinctrl merge, but hard to tell when failure takes between
18 minutes and 38 hours (but so far it's happened quicker on 3.6-rc2).

(I've since found such __ext4_get_inode_loc errors in /var/log/messages
from previous weeks: why the message never appeared on console until
yesterday morning is a mystery for another day.)

Revert 91f68c89d8f3, restoring __getblk_slow() to how it was (plus
a checkpatch nitfix).  Simplify the interface between grow_buffers()
and grow_dev_page(), and avoid the infinite loop beyond end of device
by instead checking init_page_buffers()'s end_block there (I presume
that's more efficient than a repeated call to blkdev_max_block()),
returning -ENXIO to __getblk_slow() in that case.

And remove akpm's ten-year-old "__getblk() cannot fail ... weird"
comment, but that is worrying: are all users of __getblk() really
now prepared for a NULL bh beyond end of device, or will some oops??

Signed-off-by: Hugh Dickins <hughd@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Jens Axboe <axboe@kernel.dk>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [Tristimdorion/Lab-Rats-2](https://github.com/Tristimdorion/Lab-Rats-2)@[aa6f878b23...](https://github.com/Tristimdorion/Lab-Rats-2/commit/aa6f878b23468524488e487cf17f5fc32aecb6bb)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 15:46:35 by Tristimdorion

Fixed: make sure so_relation / dick_pick / girl_friend nudes events are only active when requirements are met (unified checks in pure python).
Modified: cousin_tease only active during day (no early morning or night time calls)
Fixed: typo in morning_shower_criris => morning_shower_crisis

---
## [combsbt/Pac_Lab](https://github.com/combsbt/Pac_Lab)@[17507dd60a...](https://github.com/combsbt/Pac_Lab/commit/17507dd60ad36c80b905e26ebb02e92552b3e018)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 17:05:35 by Bryan

holy fucking shit android export finally works with websockets

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[8d3514c812...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8d3514c812cb46442432a95bf379cc13ba53a5d4)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 18:23:40 by Marko Grdinić

"4:25pm. I am back. Let me do some chilling.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/flqzsb/d_the_end_of_starsky_robotics/
https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/flja88/d_is_most_deep_learning_research_is_useless/

4:50pm. I suppose that was good enough to cool me down a bit.

Now, let me do the last bit of work for the day.

I need to focus on the next part.

How does the lsp-sample interface with VS Code itself. All this time my attention was on the editor, but if you want to pull something out, do it by the roots.

```
  let diagnostic: Diagnostic = {
   severity: DiagnosticSeverity.Warning,
   range: {
    start: textDocument.positionAt(m.index),
    end: textDocument.positionAt(m.index + m[0].length)
   },
   message: `${m[0]} is all uppercase.`,
   source: 'ex'
  };
```

Unfortunately, the textDocument stuff is from the library itself.

5:10pm. Had to take a break. Let me resume.

The above is actually a big insight for me.

It did occur to me to wonder why didn't I figure out where the editor boundary is last time, and this makes it clear why I missed it.

5:15pm. It is really simple, but this kind of thinking is really key. Simply knowing where the boundaries are is a great advantage.

Let me hunt down `TextDocument` in the other project. That is what I should be studying.

5:20pm. Or at least, what I would if I weren't so distracted by thoughts of interfaces.

Yeah, interfaces are the way to go here. Being able to associate methods to nominal types would go a significant way towards resolving the design issues with type classes even though the approach is slightly less powerful.

5:25pm. I am thinking about it, and the general approach seems like it will be a lot easier to evolve. It is a lot more robust.

5:35pm. Yeah, I am warming up to this approach. I'll allow type constraints just for nominal types. All in all, this is a very similar design to F# except I will have HKTs.

5:40pm. ...There are some issues unfortunately.

No, this approach is not good enough. If I was doing bottom-up only, then it would be ideal, but those damn HTKs...

I do not know how to unify them when the number of type args in the interface and the number of type args in the nominal do not match up.

5:45pm. Agh, damn it. I am too tired for this. Let me check out that `TextDocument`.

Ah, the thing has its own project.

5:55pm.

```
function mergeSort<T>(data: T[], compare: (a: T, b: T) => number): T[] {
 if (data.length <= 1) {
  // sorted
  return data;
 }
 const p = (data.length / 2) | 0;
 const left = data.slice(0, p);
 const right = data.slice(p);

 mergeSort(left, compare);
 mergeSort(right, compare);

 let leftIdx = 0;
 let rightIdx = 0;
 let i = 0;
 while (leftIdx < left.length && rightIdx < right.length) {
  let ret = compare(left[leftIdx], right[rightIdx]);
  if (ret <= 0) {
   // smaller_equal -> take left to preserve order
   data[i++] = left[leftIdx++];
  } else {
   // greater -> take right
   data[i++] = right[rightIdx++];
  }
 }
 while (leftIdx < left.length) {
  data[i++] = left[leftIdx++];
 }
 while (rightIdx < right.length) {
  data[i++] = right[rightIdx++];
 }
 return data;
}
```

Implementing merge sort by hand. That is a bad look.

These kinds of algorithms are specifically ones that you'd be better off just importing. It is amazing how JS programmers import 100s of useless dependencies without blinking an eye and yet they have no problem reimplementing something that should be in the standard library.

6:05pm. Actually, I think my idea would work. Yeah, there are some edge cases, but there are ways of working them out.

...And for all my kwetching, I think that the stuff in `TextDocument` is actually important. If I were to reimplement something in Reaosn, this would definitely be top priority.

6:15pm. Actually more than just `TextDocument`, in the server there is something called `TextDocuments`. That thing handles text document events.

That is what I need. That is one of the roots which no doubt interfaces with the editor...

But aren't I forgetting one thing - where are the text documents being passed to it?

```
// Make the text document manager listen on the connection
// for open, change and close text document events
documents.listen(connection);
```

Via the `connection`. Hmmm...really?

6:25pm. Ah, finally I found it on line 156 of `main.ts` in `server`.

6:30pm.

```
  (<ConnectionState><any>connection).__textDocumentSync = TextDocumentSyncKind.Full;
  connection.onDidOpenTextDocument((event: DidOpenTextDocumentParams) => {
   let td = event.textDocument;

   let document = this._configuration.create(td.uri, td.languageId, td.version, td.text);

   this._documents[td.uri] = document;
   let toFire = Object.freeze({ document });
   this._onDidOpen.fire(toFire);
   this._onDidChangeContent.fire(toFire);
  });
```

Because of stuff like this, I can never tell whether the types make sense for what I am looking at.

6:45pm. I am still obsessed about typeclasses. Actually, I just realized something. There isn't a situation where I really need more than argument in them.

7:05pm. No the interface view is not working out in my mind.

7:10pm. I am completely perplexed. Forget this for the time being. I was not in the right state of mind to think about to begin with.

```
public listen(connection: IConnection): void {
```

At any rate, at least now I have a lead what I need to look for.

I did the bottom part with `jsonrpc`, but now it is time for the big leagues. I've gotten a decent bit familiar with Typescript's style.

7:20pm. Actually, the inspiration is coming to me. Actually the interface view does make sense. I know how to do it.

I think that now the connection between typeclasses and OO classes is completely clear to me.

Let me call it a day here."

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[218d6643e9...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/218d6643e940dde2a01260cf8def70efc100cd43)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 18:34:10 by wm4

client API, lua, ipc: unify event struct return

Both Lua and the JSON IPC code need to convert the mpv_event struct (and
everything it points to) to Lua tables or JSON.

I was getting sick of having to make the same changes to Lua and IPC. Do
what has been done everywhere else, and let the core handle this by
going through mpv_node (which is supposed to serve both Lua tables and
JSON, and potentially other scripting language backends). Expose it as
new libmpv API function.

The new API is still a bit "rough" and support for other event types
might be added in the future.

This silently adds support for the playlist_entry_id fields to both Lua
and JSON IPC.

There is a small API change for Lua; I don't think this matters, so I
didn't care about compatibility. The new code in client.c is mashed up
from the Lua and the IPC code. The manpage additions are moved from the
Lua docs, and made slightly more "general".

Some danger for unintended regressions both in Lua and IPC. Also damn
these node functions suck, expect crashes due to UB.

Not sure why this became more code instead of less compared to before
(according to the diff stat), even though some code duplication across
Lua and IPC was removed. Software development sucks.

---
## [stormpero/9371Project_DM](https://github.com/stormpero/9371Project_DM)@[9ebdca47bf...](https://github.com/stormpero/9371Project_DM/commit/9ebdca47bf286211c72553d2ddc2233b19a845d9)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 19:54:40 by FStrean

ve done id

dunno if it works but ive done everything i could i hate desctription whoever done this it shitfucker fuck

---
## [keshbach/mame](https://github.com/keshbach/mame)@[d10c29d48b...](https://github.com/keshbach/mame/commit/d10c29d48b32c8aba764b1f95a83046c8ccd6a03)
#### Saturday 2020-03-21 20:20:29 by ClawGrip

New NOT_WORKING software list additions (#6225)

* New NOT_WORKING software list additions

---------------------------------------
Thomas & Friends: Cheer up Cranky! / The Big Race / Carnival Capers [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney No Rumbly In Pooh's Tumbly [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Sesame Street: Elmo's Colorful Adventure / Grover Stays Up Very Very Late / Me Loves Cookies [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Barney: Barney Cares / Best Manners Show / Let's Work Together [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's Pinocchio / Disney/Pixar Toy Story 2 / The Jungle Book [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's Bambi / Lady and the Tramp / Peter Pan [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Spongebob Squarepants Grand Price Winner! / Dora's Garden Adventure / Blue's Perfect Picnic Spot [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney Pooh Windy Day [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's The Lion King [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Noah's Ark [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney Princess: Jasmine / Mulan / Pocahontas [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Dora's Garden Adventure [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Dora the Explorer: Dora's Garden Adventure / The Gingerbread Boy / Dora's Art Adventure [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney/Pixar Finding Nemo [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Scooby-Doo! Miniature Golf Mistery [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Spongebob Squarepants Grand Price Winner! [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney Princess: The Little Mermaid / Snow White / Beauty and the Beast [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Blue's Perfect Picnic Spot [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's The Little Mermaid [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Petter Rabbit / Jemima Puddle-Duck / Tom Kitten [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney/Pixar Cars / The Incredibles / Monsters Inc. [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]

* Small fix (nw)

---

# [<](2020-03-20.md) 2020-03-21 [>](2020-03-22.md)

