# [<](2020-11-20.md) 2020-11-21 [>](2020-11-22.md)

1,937,384 events, 1,099,028 push events, 1,572,154 commit messages, 96,058,257 characters


## [martynaszubavicius/BattleSweeper](https://github.com/martynaszubavicius/BattleSweeper)@[976d1df503...](https://github.com/martynaszubavicius/BattleSweeper/commit/976d1df5038ad160d3f5c6ee0f6952de8e36c72a)
#### Saturday 2020-11-21 00:01:55 by Martynas Zubavičius

Composite and Iterator implementations. Mostly removed old ChangePoint, now renamed to ClientChangePoint. Implemented UGLY, ABSOLUTELY AWFUL handling of sending composite to client. Updated the project to use the actually working version of newtonsoft.json, because the old one wasn't respecting JsonIgnore, this causing circlural references and failing whenever composite got involved. Piece of shit.

---
## [punkduckable/SPH](https://github.com/punkduckable/SPH)@[5d07a0718c...](https://github.com/punkduckable/SPH/commit/5d07a0718c9041bee50c63d34725917d1316d8d2)
#### Saturday 2020-11-21 00:17:21 by Robert Stephany

I rewrote a large part of the contact algorithm (again). I was not happy
with the performance I was getting. The new algorithm was running slower
than the old one (granted, this particular simulation runs reasonably
well on the old algorithm. On different simulations, its very likely
that the new one would have destroyed the old. still, however, this was
not good). I thought about the code a bit. The new algorithm basically
consists of two parts: Sorting particles into buckets, and applying
the contact algorithm on a bucket-by-bucket basis. The sorting part
was happening totally sequentially. Each thread did the same computations
/generated the same buckets simultaneously (talk about redundant
calculations). I did it this way because openMP is dumb and doesn't
let you make shared variables within a parallel region, so it was
going to be tricky to make this work in parallel.

Further, since this part used linked lists, with a node for each
particle in the bodies, this part was using a LOTTTTTT of mallocs.
Enough to tank performance. I decided to try rewriting the code to
eliminate both of these issues.

To do that, I first used a global shared buckets array (and some
shared buffers) instead of thread specific buckets. Global variables
are shared, so this was sorta a hacky way to get shared variables
where I wanted them. I made these variables static because they should
only be used within the Contact.cc file.

Any who, I then rewrote the "sort into buckets" part of the contact
algorithm. The rewrite does this step in parallel. Unfortunately,
making this work requires a lottttt of synchronization and a lot of
lines of code. Making this change added 200 lines. Awkward. Amazingly,
it appears to have worked. Even better, performance is better now...
a lot better. Like better than in the old algorithm. This is a great
sign.

I realized that the buckets are tiny (like 1mm)... which may be too
small (too many empty buckets to get good performance). They're small
because the contact distance is quite small. In future commits, I plan
to try larger buckets. Larger buckets mean more computations per bucket
In fact, if we double the bucket size then we should get 64 times more
computations per bucket, even though we only reduce the number of
buckets by a factor of 8... this increases the number of computations
by a factor of 8. Or, well, it does if mallocs are free and setting up
more buckets is free. Clearly, that isn't true. Thus, since most
buckets are empty, I think that slightly larger buckets may reduce
runtime by eliminating a lot of mallocs (one malloc per bucket to
get Array_A and Array_B) and setup, even though it will mean more
computation per bucket. Idk, it's a variable to play with at the very
least.

---
## [AlexisLeflond/hydropia](https://github.com/AlexisLeflond/hydropia)@[519c01f927...](https://github.com/AlexisLeflond/hydropia/commit/519c01f927d3dee5e7c4ec3c12777810470fa913)
#### Saturday 2020-11-21 11:44:59 by AlexisLeflond

I added insane functionnalities that are going to mindfuck your brain

---
## [Izay0i/SuperMarioBros3](https://github.com/Izay0i/SuperMarioBros3)@[ff5e750fc1...](https://github.com/Izay0i/SuperMarioBros3/commit/ff5e750fc126bb7bb4e08ea02b2eac331a84eaf8)
#### Saturday 2020-11-21 13:37:26 by Izay0i

Added missing jump sprite when holding a shell for Fire Mario

I AM THE STORM THAT IS APPROACHING
PROVOKING
BLACK CLOUDS IN ISOLATION
I AM RECLAIMER OF MY NAME
BORN IN FLAMES
I HAVE BEEN BLESSED
MY FAMILY CREST IS A DEMON OF DEATH
FORSAKENED, I AM AWAKENED
A PHOENIX'S ASH IN DARK DIVINE
DESCENDING MISERY
DESTINY CHASING TIME

---
## [hipe/downtownfun](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun)@[2f1867ccf4...](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun/commit/2f1867ccf49cbfad17efcebc366429ee0dd72617)
#### Saturday 2020-11-21 18:34:34 by Mark Meves

wip(microservice-lib): spike string-based TCP/IP server ((1390))

TL;DR: a snapshot of WIP server stuff

Discussion: We’ve come back to the beginning again: we want to be able
to read the notes we take, and we’ll probably do that with the use of
something like an SSG.

We do a survey (begin to assemble a “dim sum” list) of existing SSGs
out there, and we settle on one tentatively.

We have weird requirements (and also the SSG we’ll probably use has
a really wasteful, clunky implementation of this) so we want to manage
watching our files ourselves. Because we have to do things like managing
debouncing, we at first imagined having a mutex (like maybe a file lock),
but then quickly settled on making a daemon.

Narrative outline:
👉 begin to pick a pelican theme
👉 in an informal way (not dim sum), assemble a shortlist of themes
👉 pelican doesn’t have the filesystem watcher that hugo had
👉 find a filewatcher that meets our requirements with a dim sum list
👉 ok now we want a scraper for this
👉 things explode when we architect our message broker server

(times)
  11-16 01:10  begin reading pelican documentation. zz 25 min later
        11:20  resume and probably start with pelican quickstart
        11:42  begin cleaning up documentation structure to be more clear
        15:34  finished wild tangent with making improved scraper and
               surveying 316 scrapers for the one with the longest name
        16:18  begin looking at 127 pelican themes (99 with pictures)
        17:30  break for run
        20:07  begin looking at file monitoring tools
        21:07  installed watchexec
        22:14  happy with watchexec
        23:59  crazy pipeline with intermediate directory
  11-17 00:11  start reading about livereload
        01:40  begin write flask fileserver
               found out, actually no, we don't want flask
        03:16  finally got livereload to work sort of our way
        03:33  livereload is our own cli command now. zz
        10:41  begin look at yarn/webpack & parcel 4 how they do config
        12:45  just finished talking to the boys about pandoc
        15:00  begin to write documentation for this synthesis of parcel,
               pandoc, make, and pelican (and others). Break to go for
               run then zumba
        22:28  begin write five-points technique for our message broker
        22:53  begin reading 'invoke' documentation
  11-18 00:33  finished ERD about our pandoc-like. begin look at tcp/ip
        12:43  begin basic client/server. 30 min later finish
        14:39  repurposed game server as of generic TCP/IP server
        19:59  resume multi-layered server thing
  11-19 10:42  spent all day writing client/server doohickey, had to
               throw it all away because we got stuck on tcip/ip read
               blocking. starting over from beginning of demo, taking
               much smaller steps and take safety back-up of every step
.

---
## [mtrevisan/FamilyLegacy](https://github.com/mtrevisan/FamilyLegacy)@[567950273e...](https://github.com/mtrevisan/FamilyLegacy/commit/567950273e384bcc9d7dd384a2de5b5912dec280)
#### Saturday 2020-11-21 20:13:20 by mauro

step
changed layout manager
changed layout manager
try to come up with a functioning code...
adjusted prev-next icons on secondary boxes
finally! now the growing...
fuck you

---
## [ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website](https://github.com/ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website)@[ba2de96c4d...](https://github.com/ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website/commit/ba2de96c4d78b94d464384c0e7507072285f37b2)
#### Saturday 2020-11-21 20:34:13 by ChrisMathews393

idk man

fonts are fucking broke because I renewed the cert except it was already ssl so fuck you

---

# [<](2020-11-20.md) 2020-11-21 [>](2020-11-22.md)

