# [<](2020-09-26.md) 2020-09-27 [>](2020-09-28.md)

1,825,276 events, 1,038,192 push events, 1,425,471 commit messages, 81,912,748 characters


## [WammKD/Swanye](https://github.com/WammKD/Swanye)@[12e9af4bcc...](https://github.com/WammKD/Swanye/commit/12e9af4bccd0442e62e64ed3ee61118fb2a53400)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 00:40:47 by Sherlock Holmes

Slight change of plans.

I've been using the same account for all of this so I was wondering
how I hadn't run into this problem, before.

Then I remembered that i hadn't been saving properties of Objects,
assuming they'd be retrievable from the JSON.

Interestingly, `ACTORS` doesn't have a `NAME` column, though that may
work since it's universal to Objects and we can just get them when we
join the tables (or maybe I should commit to having separate Actors
and all-other-Objects tables…; if Note and Article, etc. were a
designed category of Object, I might feel more comfortable about
that…).

I know I'm suppose to check what I'm receiving for SQL attacks rather
than just `INSERT`ing whatever I get, like we are now, but this
literally just breaks an `INSERT`; you'd think the code would take
care of this, for me.

Perhaps something to bring up on the mail list…

I'd think there are libraries to handle SQL attacks; I wonder if Guile
has such one. Or if I could easily adapt an existing one to Guile.

---
## [PuduStudio/Memecat](https://github.com/PuduStudio/Memecat)@[e5afeb0004...](https://github.com/PuduStudio/Memecat/commit/e5afeb00045e2d62718a804695f85e9f5c807efd)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 00:59:16 by PuduStudio

Terms

# Memecat
**Terms & Conditions**

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Pudu Studio.

Pudu Studio is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The MemeCat app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide our Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the MemeCat app won’t work properly or at all.

The app does use third party services that declare their own Terms and Conditions.

Link to Terms and Conditions of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/terms)

You should be aware that there are certain things that Pudu Studio will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Pudu Studio cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.

Along the same lines, Pudu Studio cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Pudu Studio cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to Pudu Studio’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. Pudu Studio accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Android, iOS & KaiOS – the requirements for system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Pudu Studio does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the Android, iOS & KaiOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2020-09-27

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at puduStudio2020@gmail.com.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)

---
## [kromenak/gengine](https://github.com/kromenak/gengine)@[5a93d05352...](https://github.com/kromenak/gengine/commit/5a93d05352a12a5d715fb60d505e81701ce240fa)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 01:13:30 by Clark Kromenaker

After a bit of investigation, I think my current texture and UV setup is OK. Though I am passing pixels to OpenGL from top-left (though it expects bottom-left), we are also using DirectX convention for UVs (upper-left) rather than OpenGL convention (bottom-left). This "double inversion" results in textures displaying correctly in-game. At first, I thought I should fix this, but then I realized that would cause trouble with SDL and probably DirectX later on. So, I'll leave it as is.

I also realized that the UVs used by the BSP are already correct (they look fine, and comparing to original game shows expected results). As a result, I believe the UV scale/offset data in the BSP surfaces IS NOT meant for the diffuse textures. Maybe it's only used by lightmaps, since they look totally messed up? I'll need to experiment with separate UVs for lightmaps. Some research into Half-Life's engine shows they used separate UVs for lightmaps.

---
## [petre-symfony/api-platform-part-3-custom-resources](https://github.com/petre-symfony/api-platform-part-3-custom-resources)@[9478069a4c...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/api-platform-part-3-custom-resources/commit/9478069a4c376eaa64d551b3ec8017509eb8c2b7)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 06:19:00 by petrero

9.3. Completely Custom Field via a Data Provider { Adding a Non-Persisted Api Field; Hello Data Providers; Creating the Data Provider }

Adding a Non-Persisted Api Field
Ok: so what is the other way to solve this? It's beautifully simple. The idea is to create a new property inside of User but not persist it to the database. The new property will hold the custom data and then we will expose it like a normal field in our API.
Yep. It's that easy! Oh, but there is one tiny, annoying problem: if this field isn't stored in the database... and we need a service to calculate its value, how do we set it?
Great question. And... there are about 47 different ways. Okay, not 47, but there are a few ways and we'll look into several of them because different solutions will work best in different situations.

Hello Data Providers
For the first solution, let's think about how API Platform works. When we make a request to /api/users or, really, pretty much any endpoint, API Platform needs to somehow load the object or objects that we're requesting.
It does that with its "data provider" system. So, we have data persisters for saving stuff and data providers for loading stuff. There are both collection data providers for loading a collection of objects and item data providers that load one object for the item operations.
Normally, we don't need to think about this system because API Platform has a built-in Doctrine data provider that handles all of it for us. But if we want to load some extra data, a custom data provider is the key.

Creating the Data Provider
In the src/ directory, let's see, make a new DataProvider/ directory and, inside, create a new PHP class called UserDataProvider
The idea is that this class will take full responsibility for loading user data... well, for now, just the "collection" user data. Add two interfaces: ContextAwareCollectionDataProviderInterface - yep, that's a huge name - and also RestrictedDataProviderInterface.
Before we talk about these, I'll go to the "Code"->"Generate" menu - or Command+N on a Mac - click "Implement Methods" and select both methods that are needed.
So, to create a collection data provider, the only interface that you should need - in theory - is something called CollectionDataProviderInterface. If you jump into ContextAwareCollectionDataProviderInterface, it extends that one.
We've seen this kind of thing before: there's the main interface, and then an optional, stronger interface. If you implement the stronger one, it adds the  argument to the getCollection() method. So if your data provider needs the context, you need to use this interface. I'll show you why we need the context in a few minutes.

---
## [invernoe/AndroidProj1](https://github.com/invernoe/AndroidProj1)@[b42cfd5495...](https://github.com/invernoe/AndroidProj1/commit/b42cfd549598902233450bee833918fdf1897eac)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 07:38:56 by YoussefEmad99

-Added the Favourite button
-Changed the percentage to a number out of 10 cause it reminds me of rotten tomatoes and rotten tomatoes sucks
-changed the app name and icon
-changed the colors of progress bars and favourite icons

On the surface these achievements seem subtle, but behind every commit there is a story, a lore, a fight between good and evil.

it all started when the project wasnt working anywhere and then mahmoud who's real name is hackar woke up to this catastrophe. it took hours and hours to fix the problems due to github being a pile of dogshit

I had to work alot yesterday to fix corrupted files in android studio, by using techniques forbidden by google itself.
today my friends we are witnessing one of the biggest accomplishments in human history (if not the biggest).
after hackar and noor struggling for hours to make the favourite button, i have created it in 30 minutes today although i have a final tomorrow. I refused giving up, remembering 2 of my teammates failing to make this button fueled me to fight until the end and win the battle. it turned from a coding task into an attack on our prides. and we fought till the end my brothers.
This achievement will forever be remembered in the computer scientists community.

---
## [Ibn-mohey/py-practice-general-](https://github.com/Ibn-mohey/py-practice-general-)@[3c14a845ca...](https://github.com/Ibn-mohey/py-practice-general-/commit/3c14a845cab1ad8cb046ad97118a6026fb90a4d5)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 07:40:33 by lordasd

try the outdated assigment made my life hell

the only way that i could pass this assegment to just work on thiere platform with the outdated python version and trying to get out every thing out of nothing
that was pain in the ass
i just passed with onther version that i will not upload so i dont get confused in the future

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[6025f0c649...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/6025f0c6492b43b0cd791ea5fd064b0792b4a25e)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 09:38:38 by quietly-turning

hitd

some years ago I
had a surgery to fix
the leaky faucet

I couldn't turn off
that poured out distilled sadness
into my stupid head

they cut me open
plugged me up, and sewed me shut
making me airtight

but thoughts continued
to spring forth, still unwanted
now without exit

like water growing
daily, leaving me clinging
to receding ground

I wish I could still
enjoy what I did before and
sing out loud for you

but now so many
months have passed since we last spoke
I'm sorry for that

I have been busy
trying not to drown myself
in these unknown depths

---
## [Khushisomani/codes](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes)@[bbc052a356...](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes/commit/bbc052a3563f47f58318c728b960935aff73abde)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 12:09:20 by Khushisomani

Recipe Reconstruction

Chef had an interesting dream last night. He dreamed of a new revolutionary chicken recipe. When he woke up today he tried very hard to reconstruct the ingredient list. But, he could only remember certain ingredients. To simplify the problem, the ingredient list can be represented by a string of lowercase characters 'a' - 'z'.

Chef can recall some characters of the ingredient list, all the others, he has forgotten. However, he is quite sure that the ingredient list was a palindrome.

You are given the ingredient list Chef dreamed last night. The forgotten characters are represented by a question mark ('?'). Count the number of ways Chef can replace the forgotten characters with characters 'a' - 'z' in such a way that resulting ingredient list is a palindrome.

---
## [taikutsunan/custom-timestamps](https://github.com/taikutsunan/custom-timestamps)@[ef4a2e2457...](https://github.com/taikutsunan/custom-timestamps/commit/ef4a2e2457c34128a21b45267c3c03ee80dcc018)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 13:57:26 by taiku

fuck you git fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you

---
## [quotefox/Hyper-Station-13](https://github.com/quotefox/Hyper-Station-13)@[78e60dfe55...](https://github.com/quotefox/Hyper-Station-13/commit/78e60dfe555554c4634e26e0a16db9c19833e3a0)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 14:36:06 by QuoteFox

Merge pull request #521 from ArchieBeepBoop/typofixfuck

Typo in Cursed Blood Trait Desc

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[ae5cdc27fe...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/ae5cdc27fe7ed0db525b3343100ed09bf2cf2447)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 14:51:03 by Marko Grdinić

"10:55am. The reason I keep getting up late is because I keep going to bed late. Last night it was at 1am. But it is fine. What is really important in rest is how restful it is rather than its schedule. Tonight I went down like a rock due to the fatigue. It was very restful.

In contrast the day before that I went to bed much earlier due to bad weather and was agitated throughout.

11am. Let me start the day off by fixing those stack sizes.

11:05am. Now let me do my morning chilling, breakfast and and I will work on the partial evaluator after that.

12:10pm. Done with breakfast. Let me chill for a bit longer and I will start.

12:45pm. Focus me. It is time to start.

Enough reading useless HN threads.

12:55pm.

```fs
type JoinPointKey =
    | JPMethod of E * ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty []>
    | JPClosure of E * ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty [] * Ty>
```

Previously `JPClosure` was `| JPClosure of E * ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty [] * Ty [] list>`. Nasty.

There is no need to think too deeply about this. I am not going to bother optimizing partial application at runtime. What I have here is in fact the ideal form.

1pm. Let me move on. No point in just thinking about it.

I am starting to feel it. I can do this thing. I am going to finish Spiral v0.2 and I am going to make it pay for itself.

1:05pm. http://docs.cython.org/en/latest/src/quickstart/cythonize.html

It might be worth seriously considering Cython as a backend. Yeah, I like .NET, but the ML crowd is all in Python so that is where the money will be.

1:10pm. http://docs.cython.org/en/latest/src/tutorial/memory_allocation.html

Yeah, I'll seriously consider a Cython backend. I'll hash it out with my sponsors.

1:35pm. Enough, enough of this. I've been reading the Cython docs while getting lost in daydreams. Stop counting the money you don't have and start doing the work that you have.

That is the way to go forward in life.

What is next. I put in the join points.

```fs
type JoinPointKey =
    | JPMethod of E * ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty []>
    | JPType of T * ConsedNode<Ty []>
    | JPClosure of E * ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty [] * Ty>
```

Let me put in the type join point.

```fs
type ExternalLangEnv = {
    keywords : KeywordEnv
    hc_table : HashConsTable
    // TODO: Replace these dicts with weak tables.
    join_point_method : Dictionary<Expr,Dictionary<ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty []>, (TyV [] * TypedBind [] * Ty) option>>
    memoized_modules_value : Dictionary<Map<KeywordTag,Expr>,Data>
    memoized_modules_type : Dictionary<Map<KeywordTag,TExpr>,Ty>
    }

type LangEnv = {
    trace : Trace
    seq : ResizeArray<TypedBind>
    cse : Dictionary<Op * Data [], Data> list
    i : VarTag ref
    env_global_type : Ty []
    env_global_value : Data []
    env_stack_type : Ty []
    env_stack_type_ptr : int
    env_stack_value : Data []
    env_stack_value_ptr : int
    }
```

Ah I forgot that I had two lang envs now.

```fs
type ExternalLangEnv = {
    keywords : KeywordEnv
    hc_table : HashConsTable
    // TODO: Replace these dicts with weak tables.
    join_point_method : Dictionary<Expr,Dictionary<ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty []>, (TyV [] * TypedBind [] * Ty) option>>
    memoized_modules_value : Dictionary<Map<KeywordTag,Expr>,Data>
    memoized_modules_type : Dictionary<Map<KeywordTag,TExpr>,Ty>
    }
```

Hmmm, incremental partial evaluation is something I will leave for later. The priority right now is definitely to just get things working. The polish can come later when the stage is ready.

Literally the main challenge is just to get this work and bug free. And along the way to integrate it with the project file.

Once that is done, a lot of the other things will just take isolated effort that I'll be able to do in their own time.

```fs
    keywords : KeywordEnv
    hc_table : HashConsTable
```

In order to support serialization, the symbols are no longer converted to tags. Meaning I have no need for the first field. Regarding the second, each join point will have its own hash cons table. This is because I no longer have reified JPs so I can afford to modularize them.

It would not surprise me if last time, at the end of 2018 one reason why compile times were grinding is because all the traversal through the global hash cons table.

```fs
join_point_method : Dictionary<Expr,Dictionary<ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty []>, (TyV [] * TypedBind [] * Ty) option>>
```

All the join point dictionaries, until it is time to make compilation incremental will just be in lexical scope. No need to make things more complicated than they need to be.

```fs
    memoized_modules_value : Dictionary<Map<KeywordTag,Expr>,Data>
    memoized_modules_type : Dictionary<Map<KeywordTag,TExpr>,Ty>
```

As for this, in the prototype I did not do inlining of module applications. Now that opens and module application are all done during the prepass, there is no need for these kinds of complications anymore.

It is not a big deal.

In fact, why aren't the modules evaled up front? That is what should be done.

...Well, I'll think about it. Maybe it would be worth it to memoize this after all. Forget that for now.

1:55pm.

```fs
type LangEnv = {
    trace : Trace
    seq : ResizeArray<TypedBind>
    cse : Dictionary<BlockParsing.Op * Data [], Data> list
    i : int ref
    env_global_type : Ty []
    env_global_value : Data []
    env_stack_type : Ty []
    env_stack_value : Data []
    }
```

Forget the external env. Let me go with just this.

2:20pm. Had to take a break.

2:25pm. I do not really feel like it, so let me rant a bit.

Based on what I've seen, Cython is a doable target. It would allow memory management using the Python runtime.

One thing that gives me pause is the way it does interop. I note that the Numpy arrays do not have types.

And that they are using a global to set the type of the numpy array. That is just nasty.

I am just not sure what to think about numpy arrays not having explicit types. I do not like that.

In order to interop with Python I would need to introduce a special root object. Then I could just print numpy arrays as `pyobj` or something like that. Not just the Numpy object - all Python objects would get printed as that in Cython.

2:30pm. That would answer the question of how to do Python interop. But what about closures? How would I compile them? What should their types be?

Well, I could think of something. In the worst case I'll just set them as `pyobj` during codegen. It is not a big deal.

2:35pm. And once I've decided on a convetion that `pyobj` represents the any type, I can just ommit the annotation entirely during codegen.

2:40pm. Haaaaaaaahhh...

Just what did I want? This kind of life is not too bad.

I mean, I've made many mistakes, but what is really needed is life is a way of moving forward. Life is only worth living not when you are constantly tiling the same patch of soil over and over, but expanding your own power.

I admit I never saw programming as being about power before, but that was never the intrisic property of it. With sufficient skill in programming, you can attain godlike power.

2:45pm. In order to get to that level, you borrow the strength of others, you develop your ideology and you own personal religion, and you ride the waves of improvements in hardware. You learn that although programming is controlling data flow and AI seems like too much a hurdle, you can play God and exploit processes of optimization.

That gives hope that by learning new algorithms and techniques, it will one day be possible to reach a level the previous generations would have described as transcendent.

2:55pm. The holy grail of a human programmer is to one day enter the self improvement loop.

If I could do that I could one day exceed the limitations imposed by talent and biology. Nature exists to be conquered. It rewards most those who oppose it.

Mhhh...

It was like this when I was starting the prepass and the other phases as well. Going from the prepass to the partial evalutator requires a huge change in mindset. I need some time to coax myself and gather my motivation.

I've been a bit depressed for years. I know that I am changing. I am not going to be able to fulfil most of the goals I've set for myself as a kid. All those boring days of being at the bottom in school - all that time was a complete waste. I deeply regret the minor respect I paid to the outside. I gave them my time, and they completely frithered it away. My youth is gone just like that.

There is no point to revenge. The self improvement loop which is supposed to be a gift will be enough of a punishment I suppose.

The only way to make up for my regrets and my mistake is to raise my lifespan through technology.

3pm. Though it feels like my programming skill has topped a while ago, I keep learning new techniques so in actuality my effective ability still keeps going up. That effective ability is in fact real skill.

I can be pesimistic. I can be optimistic.

But once I finish v0.2 I doubt the worst is going to come. All those startups are not going to look at my offer and pass it by. I am going to get a chip to playwith + 3k a month at the very least.

3:05pm. In 2018 I finished v0.09 and give making those agents a good hard whack and did not succeed. This brings flashbacks to my trading days when I put in some much efforts (in simiarly stupid ways) only to fail.

I never seem to meet my explicit goal which is money, but the side ones seem to stick. With the stock market, I could never figure out a way to get to the wizard level of >100% per year returns. I needed those because I was starting with 3k and even if I could get 20% per year on that, that would be completely useless.

But if I could get a decent stake, 20-30% over the long term would pile up. I could get to that level just by rotating into the right groups and sectors and using leverage in a smart way.

There are going to be huge bull markets, and the times the stock market crashes and I would be able to make >100% returns during those periods.

3:10pm. Thinking back to those times my actual trading moves and behavior were so stupid. There is no other way to describe it. Having zero foundation erodes any notion of gains and losses. Even if I could get a small, but decent return, I constantly had to push into the unknown because everything else than >100% per year would be abject failure.

The smart thing would have been to give up early, but at that time the stock market was really motivating. I did not particularly have anything to do in life, so challenging myself to aim high became my reason for living.

Though I failed, I did get a broader vision of the world. Ultimately, it was because I became a speculator that I found about the technological Singularity. Nobody told me about it, and I was not smart enough to figure out where technology was going on my own. I just believed in technolgy, but it was just formless optimism. The Singularity is an actual vision that can guide current actions.

3:20pm. Had somebody told me about the Singularity and the self improvement loop decades ago, my life would have gone very much differently.

In 2018, much like during my trading days, I had the loser mentality of chasing after huge returns. Not so much returns, rather the method for those returns.

3:20pm. What really separates me from a garden variety loser is just how serious I am at losing. I am the ultimate loser, never compromising and never stopping my belief in myself for a moment. A sane person would have long ago picked some side things to get a trading stake or have gone for Python and its libraries rather than working on his own language for years.

3:45pm. It is easy to forget and be left with regrets after such a life. It easy to forget what a majestic loser I was.

Money...

It is not that easy to get basic income in today's world. Think of doctors or lawyers or scientists. They don't get their high salaries straight out of high school. Instead for such people it takes a grueling effort before they can get to the point where they can monetize their work.

I do regret looking down so much on it.

3:50pm. It is not long now. My loser era will soon be over. I am going to finish v0.2 and get that shitty 3k per month. There is seriously a limit to the absurdity of me having zero assets for so long despite starting off by chasing money.

What is this programming skill that I've been cultivating if not power?

3:55pm. I regret picking meaningless fights.

There is no point in fighting Python. I do want to make Cynthon my primary target. It is almost certain that the sponsors would prefer. It does not have tail call optimization, but it does have reference counting meaning that handling GPU memory should I want a Cuda backend again would be simple.

It won't be as fast as .NET, but my interest in join points and inlining was never specifically performance. Rather it was language interop. If in the .NET backend I could trade 10x in performance for a automatic GPU memory management I would take it right away.

I am not really worried about performance. I'll figure out how to compile to Cython effectively.

4pm. If I can do this - I will devour Python whole. Not to mention, if I do this I'll be able to undercut Julia in the worst way possible. If people figure out that they can get all the benefits of Python's ecosystem, but with performance of C plus easy ways to deal with GPUs and neurochips, that won't be something **any** other language will be able to compete with.

Forget the loser mentality. Getting to the point where I am good enough to make money by controlling AI agents will take a while. There is no need to bemoan my past failures or deny the obvious future here.

4:05pm. It is not really the kind of skill that I sought when I started, but years of effort in functional programming and working on a language have given me PL skills.

My main priority should be to recognize and then monetize that.

This is real trading. This is capitalism. It is not buying stocks and helplessly waiting for them to go up.

It is pushing things with your own effort. It is eating what you kill.

4:05pm. Actually rather than Cython, I should figure out how it interops with Python itself and then just compile C code that takes advantage of Python's runtime system.

...That would be a better plan.

4:15pm. Damn it, I want to go down this path. It is just money, but the continuous absence of it has left a hole in my heart. I just keep working and working without any external reward or recognition.

Seriously, once I get my first 3k it will be a long way towards banishing some of the demons haunting me.

4:20pm. Yeah, I need to get this out of my system. Both Spiral and money are something I need to deal with before I can begin my pursuit of AI once more.

I regret that I cannot prove my vision. How can one live without power? I am like some undead being right now, not dead, but not trully alive either.

4:25pm. But well, even the life of undeath is not too bad once you've made up your mind to pursue that path. You set aside everything else, but the pursuit of power. Money, health and security will all come as a side effect of that.

4:30pm. Freedom.

Join points are freedom itself.

A language ultimately is just fancy code generator. Yet people are imprisoned by them. They use C or Python or Java or C#.

A good programmer - a honestly good one would never get held back by such considerations. Regardless of the machine or runtime he could prosper.

It is not right to feel drudgery. Spiral is not my prison. Spiral is the crystalization of my skill and experience. Spiral will protect me. Spiral will be the proof of my vision someday.

By working on Spiral I make a step forward.

4:40pm. Let me go to bed for the next hour or so.

Today I did not feel like doing any real programming, but I've at least decided about what I am going to do with Python. Python is the big elephant in the room.

Previously I've ignored it. In early 2019 I've even seriously considered abandoning my approach and defecting to it. But now I understand my fate - the most befit to be gained is by simply making it my next meal. Because of the negotiation scenarios that I keep mentally simulating in my head, I understand that this is the right move to make.

I admit I thought that making PLs is the way to poverty, but I can imagine many ways I could win it big personally. The incoming climate is what will allow me to pluck that fruit.

4:45pm. Yeah, I deserve a rest.

If I can really believe in my vision and the words I have written today, then I won't have any difficulty finding the will to finish the partial evaluator. It is not even that difficult of a task. The reason why it gave me so much trouble in 2017 and 2018 is due to my inexperience. If I seriously started it now it would be done in a snap."

---
## [EPICL0LLYP0P/Hello-World](https://github.com/EPICL0LLYP0P/Hello-World)@[686f4e7501...](https://github.com/EPICL0LLYP0P/Hello-World/commit/686f4e75017f82f7944ae793f6f9e883a603da7b)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 17:27:31 by EPICL0LLYP0P

Finished README

God better be fucking watching when I try this shit, because i'm going to make SOMETHING out of spite for him making me useless.

---
## [DanielFairchild/crunch](https://github.com/DanielFairchild/crunch)@[adb94148c2...](https://github.com/DanielFairchild/crunch/commit/adb94148c21edf53fec9c8cb8c2d1e1d0e99c537)
#### Sunday 2020-09-27 19:06:07 by AranE99

some sounds (hoooooorny)

Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)
I never seen no shit like this,
This bitch can twist like a damn contortionist
Condom on my dick of course it is,
This bitch don't know what abortion is
So I can't cum in her, fucks like a porn star, looks like Jenna,
Fack I'm gonna,
Cum I think my rubbers comin' off,
But oh its so fuckin' wet and soft,
Fuck, I'm gonna start lettin' off
I'm squirting and she's not gettin' off,
And she's on top, I'm gonna fackin', oh god,
Oh don't do that, don't, stop
Stop, don't, I don't mean don't stop!
Ow wait a minute, ow ow fuck I, I'm gonna fuckin' cam!
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)
Oh wow, boo that pow, ooh ow I need a cigarette now!
Oh I'm so fucking hot, and you're so fucking hot,
Oh my god, I wanna fackin' fack
No not fuck, I said fack ,
F-A-C-K, F-A-C-K, fack, fack fack fackin' freak me!
Oh yeah girl see baby they call me Mr freaky,
Let's call your sister 3-way, have some threesome, me so horny
And you're such a fuckin' babe I wanna go down on you, fuck you shave!
Ohh god damn, here I go again, I'm gonna cum I am!
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)
OK I'm done, I already came twice,
You ain't gonna make me cam,
I'm all outta gas, not so fast! uh your finger just went in my ass!
Ow that hurts! take it out now
Oh wait a minute oww put it back in, in in in
This don't mean I'm gay, I don't like men
I like boobs, boobs, boobs, now see that gerbil, grab that tube,
Shove it up my butt,
Let that little rascal nibble on my asshole, uhh,
Yeah, right there, right there,
Ah I'm coming ah yeah,
Fack, I just came again, okay pull it out now,
Oh fuck yeah, wait he's not out he's still crawling around up there,
Ow fuck I think it's stuck
Oh but it feels so fackin' good!
Ah ah ah ahhh (Oh god damn)(Ooh)
I'm gonna fackin cum (Oh shit)(oh yeah)
Fack fack faack, (Fuck I am) (Ooh)
I am, I'm going to cum
I'm cumming (oh yeah)
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Shove a gerbil in your ass through a tube
Ew ew ew ew

---

# [<](2020-09-26.md) 2020-09-27 [>](2020-09-28.md)

