# [<](2020-02-13.md) 2020-02-14 [>](2020-02-15.md)

2,036,290 events, 1,034,366 push events, 1,647,679 commit messages, 126,471,642 characters


## [Clinet/clinet](https://github.com/Clinet/clinet)@[a4f7b11a1f...](https://github.com/Clinet/clinet/commit/a4f7b11a1fe0037a83395be087bf07de8fc48743)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 04:09:19 by JoshuaDoes

Add user socials remove alternative for user socials clear
* For some god damn reason I decided to specify you can use remove but I never added it, it's been clear this whole time

---
## [Pfhorrest/Eternal](https://github.com/Pfhorrest/Eternal)@[ba37297e3c...](https://github.com/Pfhorrest/Eternal/commit/ba37297e3cb0f848e117de0dd12d0958dbc94c2b)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 06:19:51 by Pfhorrest

fix goddamn fusion cannon again

fuck it reset shit back to how it was before i ever tried to make anything better. dual function again, overcharge drains the whole battery because apparently that can't be avoided, so overcharge does 200% the damage as a full battery of normal shots to be worh that.

---
## [Cpt-Hazama/-VJ-Zombie-Survival-SNPCs](https://github.com/Cpt-Hazama/-VJ-Zombie-Survival-SNPCs)@[2a793be710...](https://github.com/Cpt-Hazama/-VJ-Zombie-Survival-SNPCs/commit/2a793be7108c0f3a1738369c9bb030ca2d66e567)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 08:38:54 by Cpt. Hazama

Pre-Workshop Update Beta

Content is subject to change!

To Do:
- Make Howler
- Toggleable thirdperson for player zombies
- Thirdperson animations for player zombies
- Spectate mode from zombies during intermissions
- Turret Constructor weapon
- Fixed zombies randomly attacking players (only seems to happen very rarely when sharing the same model as one :| )
- Add Headcrab viewmodels

Contents of update:
- Added Steyr TMP
- Added Burnzie Zombie
- Added Drifter Zombie
- Zombie Players now have correct hull sizes when playing as certain classes (so now headcrab players can fit in very small cracks or even vents that are designed for just them)
- Zombies now have custom footstep sounds
- Introduction to player bots responding to player chats
- Added Player:VJ_GiveWeapon(str Class)
- Separated client and server settings into different menus
- Added client setting for forcing a specific ZS track to play at all times instead of using the dynamic track
- Added team VO (kinda like commanding officers from Battalion Wars)
- Added option to disable glowing zombie textures (yk, if you're a fucking pussy who cries about that shit to me on the workshop)
- Added Free mode, which unlocks all zombies on wave 1
- Added menu to select your zombie class (might make a new one with pictures and descriptions/requirements)
- Added button in server settings to remove vanilla NPC spawners in maps (useful for NPC ZS maps)
- Fixed player bots floating in the air
- Optimized player bots
- Gamemode entity sounds are now client side
- Fast Zombie players can now climb walks/fences/etc
- Fast Zombie player exploit now fixed

---
## [bkonop/bkonop](https://github.com/bkonop/bkonop)@[29739aba16...](https://github.com/bkonop/bkonop/commit/29739aba168a0db2a740eb1503b003d20d09ded8)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 09:43:43 by iamcorgii

done for the night. get this shit live and let me fuckin sleep.

---
## [profanity-im/profanity](https://github.com/profanity-im/profanity)@[7ad2e4761b...](https://github.com/profanity-im/profanity/commit/7ad2e4761be2785b5b11275e2fe019fac9f08094)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 10:09:50 by Michael Vetter

xep-0308: Don't check whether receiving clients supports this feature

XEP-0308 Version 1.1.0 (2019-05-15) states "It is expected that clients will not send message corrections to clients that do not support them, as non-supporting clients will render these as duplicate (corrected) messages"

```
10:12:47 - jubalh: Do clients actually check whether other clients support xep0308 (LMC) before sending?
10:13:13 - pep.: not poezio, and I doubt anybody does. it's the "but carbons/MAM" argument
10:13:49 - jubalh: Profanity doesnt support this yet. So I always get the message twice. One time the message, and then the corrected ones. And I think that's right. But I understood xep0308 correctly it sais a
           client shouldnt sent a message with 'replace' if the client doesnt support it? I don't see why
10:14:50 - Ge0rG: jubalh: because you might also use Conversations and read the backlog from MAM on conversations
10:15:51 - jubalh: Ge0rG: sorry?
10:16:36 - Ge0rG: jubalh: when I'm sending you a message, I don't know which client you'll use to read it. So it doesn't make sense to limit the features I use
10:27:57 - jubalh: Yes. That's why I'm confused by thestatement in the XEP
10:28:13 - jubalh: "It is expected that clients will not send message corrections to clients that do not support them, as non-supporting clients will render these as duplicate (corrected) messages. "
10:28:37 - Holger: Yes, you're both saying the same thing.  And yes I agree, that part of the XEP is nonsense.  We have that "check whether the peer's client supports it" stuff in various XEPs that depend on
           recipient's features and it never makes sense as it doesn't cope with multi-device, MAM, groupchat.
10:28:53 - jubalh: First: You don't know if he is connected with several clients. Some supporting it and some not. Second: Why not just resend the new corrected message? Then he has both messages and no
           information is lost. If he only gets the first one information is lost
10:29:20 - jubalh: Okay
10:29:30 - jubalh: Then I won't implement it this way. Thanks guys!
10:29:34 - Holger: Well UX is a bit meh if the recipient doesn't support it (I'm an MCabber user and know what I'm talking about) but I see no better solution, yes.
```

So it makes more sense to just always send it. Non supporting clients will then get the message and the corrected message. So they get it "twice". Which is the right thing to do in my opinion.

---
## [bestwebsoft/columns-wordpress-plugin](https://github.com/bestwebsoft/columns-wordpress-plugin)@[6049ba4be5...](https://github.com/bestwebsoft/columns-wordpress-plugin/commit/6049ba4be545f780e17263d1ea249cb05c6e4056)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 10:39:16 by BestWebSoft

README.md

Columns by BestWebSoft

Add columns with custom content to WordPress website pages, posts, widgets, etc.

Columns plugin is a simple solution that helps to add columns with custom content to your WordPress website pages, posts, custom pages, widgets by means of shortcodes. Create and store unlimited column sets with specific settings, customize the appearance, change the content inside each column and paste its shortcode to display the individual column sets wherever you like.

Organize your content into a beautiful layout easily!








[VIDEO]

Features

Add the unlimited number of column sets with up to ten columns in a row
Add columns to:
Pages
Posts
Custom posts
Widgets
Add and configure columns:
Image
Numerical Value of Title
Title
Description
Button Text and Link 
Edit column style and position
Align the columns
Choose the column widget background
Image
Color
Set column widget background opacity
Regulate the number of columns in a row
Compatible with the latest WordPress version
Simple in use without modifying code
Add custom code via plugin settings page
Compatible with the latest WordPress version
Incredibly simple settings for fast setup without modifying code
Detailed step-by-step documentation and videos
Multilingual  and RTL ready

If you have a feature suggestion or idea you'd like to see in the plugin, we'd love to hear about it! Suggest a Feature

Visit our Help Center if you have any questions, our friendly Support Team is happy to help — https://support.bestwebsoft.com/

Recommended Plugins
Quotes and Tips - adds customizable quotes and tips blocks to WordPress posts, pages and widgets.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[e3aec03e8b...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e3aec03e8b69a6897ea69dd142f1eab77d3db366)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 11:25:24 by Marko Grdinić

"9:10am. I am up.

Let me chill a bit and then I will start. I got up really early today just like yesterday.

9:50am. Let me finally start. It is time to get serious. Let me take some time to reply to Anti and then I'll begin work on figuring out how to trace through Javascript examples.

10:15am. Uf, I had to take a break. My mouth likes that cake, but my stomach sure doesn't.

10:25am. https://statmodeling.stat.columbia.edu/2020/02/13/how-good-is-the-bayes-posterior-for-prediction-really/

11am. Did a non-so quick reply to Anti in a commit thread from 5 days ago. Now let me read the article. After that I will look into JS debugging.

http://www.stat.columbia.edu/~gelman/research/unpublished/bayes_holes_2.pdf
Holes in Bayesian Statistics

"the usual rules of conditional probability fail in the quantum realm"

Hmmm, interesting.

But I'll leave this thing for later. What I want to do now is definitely do some debugging of JS. I want to figure out why that sample from yesterday is not working.

11:10am. Focus me, focus.

So I am running the status bar sample, and it is not working for some reason. How do I figure this out?

11:15am. Well, the best place to start out is SO. Probably somebody else ran into this same issue and asked. If not, I'll ask myself.

11:20am. A cursory search is turning up nothing for me, either on SO or on the sample issues page. I am going to have to ask.

In the extension, I've tried putting a few breakpoints and running it, but regardless of where I put them, nothing gets hit.

11:25am. Hmmm...

I have no idea. Let me look for some vids on JS debugging. After that I'll just bother the people on the issues page for advice.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=javascript+debugging+vs+code

I guess I'll give these vids a chance.

11:45am. Ok, I watched one, but that is about debugging regular JS.

I have no choice at this point. I am going to have to ask.

12:05pm. https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-extension-samples

I've opened the issue 254 here.

12:20pm. Let me take a break. I'll watch some more tutorial vids after breakfast.

I really need some advice here. While I wait for a reply, I think I'll try the other samples as well.

There is just no helping it here. I need a hook. I need to some way of getting a handle on the whole system.

Pharo style debugging is really good for acquiring this kind of experience.

...What might be worth doing is like before starting out with a template that works and then comparing the files step by step. That would teach me something."

---
## [bonnedav/mw-config](https://github.com/bonnedav/mw-config)@[1a6fe366fa...](https://github.com/bonnedav/mw-config/commit/1a6fe366fa17f96b6978b7434006ab588f3ddec3)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 11:33:01 by bonnedav

Prevent crat from editing interwiki admin group

Current a wiki bureaucrat can use manage wiki to modify the local interwiki admin group because it is not blacklisted. Due the frankly ridiculous requirements currently in place for getting the interwiki permission I assume this is not desired. Now I don't see why this permission is restricted in the first place when editinterface already allows adding malicious content if desired, but here is the fix anyway because even though I don't agree with the rules I am never one to abuse exploits or break rules and I gueuely care for miraheze and want to see it continue to thrive for years to come. Note while I did add myself to the group on my wiki I only did it as a test, I did not change the interwiki table at all and I removed the group as soon as I confirmed it could be done, the logs should be able to confirm this if anyone is suspicious for any reason. Thank you.

---
## [showell/zulip](https://github.com/showell/zulip)@[08bc15fb63...](https://github.com/showell/zulip/commit/08bc15fb6318c56ba1a836942a3b5dc4efddd087)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 13:11:55 by Steve Howell

markdown: Add helper configuration.

This refactoring is the first step toward sharing
our markdown code with mobile.  This focuses on
the Zulip layer, not the underlying third party `marked`
library.

Even though it looks like a pretty invasive change,
you will note that we barely needed to modify the
node tests to make this pass.  And we have pretty
decent test coverage here.

All of the places where we used to depend on
other Zulip modules now use helper functions that
any client (e.g. mobile) can configure themselves.
Or course, in the webapp, we configure these from
modules like people/stream_data/hash_util/etc.

Even in places where markdown used to deal directly with
data structures from other modules, we now use functions.
This gives mobile/webapp flexibility for how to handle
live data, plus it's just more consistent if everything
is a function.

I decided to keep the helpers data structure completely flat,
so we don't have ugly nested names like
`helpers.emoji.get_emoji_codepoint`.  Because of this,
some of the names aren't 1:1, which I think is fine.

For example, we map `people.get_by_name` to
`get_user_by_name`.

It's likely that mobile already has different names
for their versions of these functions, so trying for
fake consistency would only help the webapp.  In some
cases, I think the webapp functions have names that
could be improved, but we can clean that up in future
commits, and since the names aren't coupled to markdown
itself (i.e. only the config), we will be less
constrained.

Even though HTML escaping would seem to be
intrinsic to the parser itself, we inject
the escape function, since most apps usually
have that from one of their helper libraries.
For example, the webapp can get it from underscore.js,
whereas mobile uses the similar lodash library.

It's worth noting that `marked` has an `options`
data structure that it uses for configuration, but
I didn't piggyback onto it, since the `marked`
options are more at the lexing/parsing layer vs.
the app-data layer stuff that our helpers mostly
help with.

Hopefully it's obvious why I just put helpers in
the top-level namespace for the module rather than
passing it around through multiple layers of the
parser.

There were a couple places in markdown where we
were doing awkward `hasOwnProperty` checks for
emoji-related stuff.  Now we use the Python
principle of ask-forgiveness-not-permission and
just handle the getters returning falsy data.  (It
should be `undefined`, but any falsy value is
unworkable in the places I changed, so I use
the simpler, less brittle form.)

We also break our direct dependency on
`emoji_codes.json` (with some help from the
prior commit).

In one place I rename streamName to stream_name,
fixing up an ancient naming violation that goes
way back to before this code was even extracted
away from echo.js.  I didn't bother to split this
out into a separate commit, since 2 of the 4
lines would be immediately re-modified in the
subsequent commit.

For the ui_init piece, we simply require
markdown_config at the top of ui_init.  Also,
there was a comment about needing to initialize
markdown after emoji that no longer applies,
since the initialization code just wires up
functions and doesn't actually consume emoji
data.

Note that we still depend on `fenced_code`
via the global namespace, instead of simply
requiring it directly or injecting it.  The
reason I'm postponing any action there is that
we'll have to change things once we move
markdown into a shared library.  (The most
likely outcome is that we'll rename/move both files
at the same time and fix the namespace/require
details as part of that commit.)

---
## [ralmayer/FSII](https://github.com/ralmayer/FSII)@[cf26dc2731...](https://github.com/ralmayer/FSII/commit/cf26dc27315ac317ee6b36123f939241bae2bcb0)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 13:38:16 by Ral Mayer

refactoring the entire project because the design sucks and tje new one is fucking amazing

---
## [Quaker762/System-V](https://github.com/Quaker762/System-V)@[b48f970741...](https://github.com/Quaker762/System-V/commit/b48f970741f5aa01bc679a773b5c2d29a58e33cf)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 15:19:59 by Jesse Buhagiar

Kernel: Switch to Kernel mode during IRQ

IRQs are now handled in SVC/Kernel mode instead of IRQ mode. This
has the benefit of not having to worry about any fucking stupid
banked register bullshit, as well as allowing us to use the current
kernel stack for the currently running task.

---
## [htaunay/desafios](https://github.com/htaunay/desafios)@[aa1c3b88ff...](https://github.com/htaunay/desafios/commit/aa1c3b88ffd0f827e8d918e15b395bdf8b33ba73)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 15:40:44 by FCO

new challenge: https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-love-letter-mystery

---
## [yunruse/Astley](https://github.com/yunruse/Astley)@[a1a0bb5e7a...](https://github.com/yunruse/Astley/commit/a1a0bb5e7a91950fa6a0f45131e3074b759b4e24)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 15:54:23 by Mia Dobson

Add `._.`, `._==` and `._!=` operators

Turns out the . can be separate, so we get a wonderfully beautiful pirate operator. Lovely, no?

---
## [Warcraft-GoA-Development-Team/Warcraft-Guardians-of-Azeroth](https://github.com/Warcraft-GoA-Development-Team/Warcraft-Guardians-of-Azeroth)@[29b68e9b31...](https://github.com/Warcraft-GoA-Development-Team/Warcraft-Guardians-of-Azeroth/commit/29b68e9b315f68945c942af3f6798f8378d17021)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 16:01:08 by zumbak04

Lich King Vision
Public changelog:
- Added an event chain (no localization yet) where you travel to the heart of Northrend at the call of the mystical Lich King, embracing **Death God** as your religion.
- Non-evil stubborn people are likely not to do evil doubtful actions like drinking demon blood, summoning demons etc.

Developer changelog:
- Purged unused `fel_presence` in `WCFEL.9900`.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4c2b2bfd40...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/4c2b2bfd40e0cc0ada7b5be033cd1fd9c85ab26b)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 16:43:03 by Marko Grdinić

"1:30pm. Ugh, let me do the chores. I am really working at the speed of a snail here. I am pretty much larping to work at this point given how little I accomplish per day.

So it is just as well that today's chores will be longer as I have to work around the house. When I come back, I will look at those other vids and then get a start on figuring out how to debug VS Code.

2:50pm. I am back. Let me chill just a bit and then I will start.

3pm. Let me start.

Let me watch those other two plugin tutorials.

I won't lie - as I've been complaining, I feel incredibly dry over this whole affair. Reading documentation and watching videos sucks. This kind of programming is really the worst kind.

3:10pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kXUCm-ySfE

Let me go for this one, I skimmed the previous one as it just parroted the documentation.

But I really am leaning towards just going through the sample and the template side by side until I figure out what is wrong.

3:15pm. Ah, fuck the videos. Let me just get some programming done!

3:20pm. Let me do that.

First of all, let me create a template from scratch.

3:25pm. Ok, that went smoothly.

```
// A launch configuration that compiles the extension and then opens it inside a new window
{
 "version": "0.2.0",
 "configurations": [
  {
   "name": "Launch Extension",
   "type": "extensionHost",
   "request": "launch",
   "runtimeExecutable": "${execPath}",
   "args": [
    "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceRoot}"
   ],
   "stopOnEntry": false,
   "sourceMaps": true,
   "outFiles": [
    "${workspaceRoot}/out/src/**/*.js"
   ],
   "preLaunchTask": "npm: watch"
  }
 ]
}
```

Right now I am looking at the `launch.json` file for the status bar sample.

If this comment is to be believed, this really is supposed to launch a new code instance.

```
// A launch configuration that compiles the extension and then opens it inside a new window
// Use IntelliSense to learn about possible attributes.
// Hover to view descriptions of existing attributes.
// For more information, visit: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=830387
{
 "version": "0.2.0",
 "configurations": [
  {
   "name": "Run Extension",
   "type": "extensionHost",
   "request": "launch",
   "runtimeExecutable": "${execPath}",
   "args": [
    "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceFolder}"
   ],
   "outFiles": [
    "${workspaceFolder}/out/**/*.js"
   ],
   "preLaunchTask": "${defaultBuildTask}"
  },
  {
   "name": "Extension Tests",
   "type": "extensionHost",
   "request": "launch",
   "runtimeExecutable": "${execPath}",
   "args": [
    "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceFolder}",
    "--extensionTestsPath=${workspaceFolder}/out/test/suite/index"
   ],
   "outFiles": [
    "${workspaceFolder}/out/test/**/*.js"
   ],
   "preLaunchTask": "${defaultBuildTask}"
  }
 ]
}
```

This is the launch file for the template.

```
   "args": [
    "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceRoot}"
   ],
```
```
   "args": [
    "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceFolder}"
   ],
```

These two arguments are different between the two.

3:30pm. Hmmm, maybe I opened VS Code in the wrong folder...

```
   "outFiles": [
    "${workspaceRoot}/out/src/**/*.js"
   ],
```

Also this thing bothers me in the sample. I am not sure what `${workspaceRoot}` is, but...

```
   "outFiles": [
    "${workspaceFolder}/out/**/*.js"
   ],
```

The sample and the template definitely differ. In particular, I am not sure the `"${workspaceRoot}/out/src/**/*.js"` is pointing to anything.

3:40pm. Right now I am running `npm install` in the parent folder which I presume is the root. Maybe that will do something.

3:50pm. Ok, focus me. That install did not last this long. I did not need to start surfing /sci/. Let me see if I can make some progress.

3:55pm. Ok...

I give up. Seriously, I do not give a shit why this does not work.

I am 95% sure though that just copying the extension into the template should work though. That is what I should focus on then.

Also maybe I should ask on SO as well, as I am running out of patience.

I just want to know how trace through the thing. Knowing that will help me in my future endeavors.

First of all, let me do the paste idea. Then I will ask on SO about tracing.

4pm. No, just pasting the extension fails.

...I have no idea. Let me try another extension.

https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-extension-samples/tree/master/tree-view-sample

This thing runs, but I have no idea what it is supposed to be doing. Let me try another.

https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-extension-samples/tree/master/completions-sample

This thing works.

4:10pm. Ok, since all the samples apart from the status bar one actually open a VS Code instance when run, I can safely conclude that the particular sample I decided to start off with is broken.

Seriously though, unless I figure out how to trace the system, I will never get anywhere. If this was actual webdev, I'd have no problem with this. But since I am dealing with an editor I am not sure what to do.

4:20pm.

```
// A launch configuration that compiles the extension and then opens it inside a new window
// Use IntelliSense to learn about possible attributes.
// Hover to view descriptions of existing attributes.
// For more information, visit: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=830387
{
 "version": "0.2.0",
 "configurations": [
  {
   "name": "Run Extension",
   "type": "extensionHost",
   "request": "launch",
   "runtimeExecutable": "${execPath}",
   "args": [
    "--extensionDevelopmentPath=${workspaceFolder}"
   ],
   "outFiles": [
    "${workspaceFolder}/out/**/*.js"
   ],
   "preLaunchTask": "npm: watch"
  }
 ]
}
```

Ok, let me go through the status bar and the sample config files one by one.

4:25pm. I am actually going file by file carefully. I pastad the .vscode files from the completion folder, but that hasn't made it work.

Right now I am looking at `package.json`, but the problem does not seem to be there.

Let me try one thing. In the completion thing, do the breakpoints at least work?

4:35pm. Yeah, the breakpoints work.

```
 const myCommandId = 'sample.showSelectionCount';
 subscriptions.push(vscode.commands.registerCommand(myCommandId, () => {
  let n = getNumberOfSelectedLines(vscode.window.activeTextEditor);
  vscode.window.showInformationMessage(`Yeah, ${n} line(s) selected... Keep going!`);
 }));
```

I've hacked things a little, and now this particular aspect works.

```
 // create a new status bar item that we can now manage
 myStatusBarItem = vscode.window.createStatusBarItem(vscode.StatusBarAlignment.Right, 100);
 myStatusBarItem.command = myCommandId;
 subscriptions.push(myStatusBarItem);
```

The status bar items does not though.

4:40pm. Ahhh, I get it. I see that the status bar appears after I trigger the command using the command palette. After I do that, the tracking works as in the screenshot.

With this I've finally gotten the plugin to work. Great success.

4:45pm. Still, why isn't the code instance being launched?

I find this highly confusing.

I really want to resolve this mystery before I do anything else.

```

let myStatusBarItem: vscode.StatusBarItem;

export function activate({ subscriptions }: vscode.ExtensionContext) {
```

This is such poor coding style.

I remember doing this one in my life, and that was during the codegen phase of the Cool compiler project. There I could not really help it, but here the author had a few options to avoid this.

The easiest way to do this would instead of making those functions global, put them into the activation function instead and have them capture the variable from scope.

Ok, focus me.

Now that I've managed to get a single thing to work, that gave me a spark of motivation. I should be able to do this if I focus.

4:55pm. I have no idea. Apart from package lock I've done all I can. I honestly, can't see what else I can do.

What the hell?

Well, let me play a little with the status bar example. Let me at least arrange the functions so they follow proper coding standards.

5pm. Done.

```
 // create a new status bar item that we can now manage
 const myStatusBarItem = vscode.window.createStatusBarItem(vscode.StatusBarAlignment.Right, 100);
 myStatusBarItem.command = myCommandId;
 subscriptions.push(myStatusBarItem);

 function updateStatusBarItem(): void {
  let n = getNumberOfSelectedLines(vscode.window.activeTextEditor);
  if (n > 0) {
   myStatusBarItem.text = `$(megaphone) ${n} line(s) selected`;
   myStatusBarItem.show();
  } else {
   myStatusBarItem.hide();
  }
 };
```

This is much nicer than what was there before.

Let me update the issue.

5:10pm. I see that the dev got assigned to this thing, so it will be fixed eventually.

Now that I've at least got the example to work, I feel like I am on a more solid footing.

This kind of error I've run into is the worst. You can't really reason it out, at most you can do a little dance and prayer and hope it goes away.

5:15pm. I've studied the example a little just now and I understand pretty much everything about it.

```
subscriptions.push(vscode.commands.registerCommand(myCommandId, () => {
```

Come to think of it, are these subscriptions actually necessary for the program to work?

5:20pm. No they aren't. I am guess they are just there for resource management.

Ok...I am considering just calling it a day here.

I've finally gotten the thing to run, so I've broken through this block at least.

Now that I've gotten some basic familiarity, the rest will be easier.

5:25pm. What I need to do starting from here is go through all the samples in turn. Once I do that, I will be ready to deal with the LSP.

5:40pm. I think my mood is better than it was before. Going forward, I will definitely have more motivation. Today I mostly exercised my mental muscles a little. Now that they've adapted, I'll be able to go further. I am going to crush this thing.

Let me end the day here."

---
## [narsxi/narsxi-web-v2](https://github.com/narsxi/narsxi-web-v2)@[8a8a91633d...](https://github.com/narsxi/narsxi-web-v2/commit/8a8a91633dc9e420fff6713c4b2a508135302cf5)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 17:18:34 by Liam

actually fucking added the embed bs

i hate my life

---
## [chsbacon/SkyStone](https://github.com/chsbacon/SkyStone)@[bf5a384386...](https://github.com/chsbacon/SkyStone/commit/bf5a384386c78ee51b5b0571ffb0c5f0e749dd1b)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 18:05:01 by apaquet37

End of Lunch (On Valentine's day <}) Which shows my love for learning

---
## [newstools/2020-news-24](https://github.com/newstools/2020-news-24)@[562cc42145...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-news-24/commit/562cc42145a93de867fa0da5804e2b3ed7e2713b)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 18:16:08 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/i-would-stand-up-for-him-and-wipe-his-tears-friends-and-family-remember-ferndale-high-pupil-20200214]

---
## [Marco-Rincon/CSP-Marco-2020](https://github.com/Marco-Rincon/CSP-Marco-2020)@[7f4d6d9bfa...](https://github.com/Marco-Rincon/CSP-Marco-2020/commit/7f4d6d9bfaa66a108b3ce877437afa1e4fe6cb5c)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 18:24:29 by Marco-Rincon

Create deadvines.html

1. "Ooooooo, he needs some milk."
2. "Hi, welcome to Chili's."
3. "It is Wednesday, my dudes."
4. "Country boy, I love you ahhhwweelhwh..."
5. "Escalera oooooooaaaa!"
6. "F**k ya chicken strips!"
7. "Barbecue sauce on my titties."
8. "Gimme your F**KING money!"
9. "That was legitness."
10. "Ms. Keisha, MS. KEISHA! Oh my f**king God, she f**king dead."
11. "Fre-sha-vocado."
12. "Staaaahp! I coulda dropped my croissant!"
13. "That's my OPINION."
14. "You're not my dad, ugly ass f**king noodle head."
15. "What the f**k, Richard."
16. "This bitch empty, YEET!"
17. "Road work ahead? Yeah, I sure hope it does."
18. "What up, I'm Jared I'm 19, and I never f**king learned how to read."
19. "Um, I'm never been to oovoo javer."
20. "My God, they were roommates."
21. "Why are you running, why are you running?"
22. "Whoever threw that paper, your mom's a hoe."
23. "I can't swim."
24. "Lebron James."
25. "It's an avocado, thanksssss..."
26. "Mother trucker dude, that hurt like a butt cheek on a stick."
27. "Watch your profanity."
28. "I love you bitch, I ain't never gonna stop loving you, biiiiiitch."
29. "What are thoooooose?"
30. "I smell like beef."
31. "You better stop."
32. "What the F**K IS UP KYLE?"
33. "Come get y'all juice."
34. "Two bros, chilling in a hot tub, 5 feet apart cause they're not gay."
35. "So you just gonna bring me a birthday gift on my birthday to my birthday party on my birthday with a birthday gift?"
36. "I wanna be a cowboy, baby."
37. "Why you always lying?"
38. "Nice Ron" "I sneezed, oh, what, am I not allowed to sneeze?"
39. "I'm washing me and my clothes."
40. "Honey, you've got a big storm coming."
41. "XOXO, gossip girl."
42. "Shoutout to all the pear."
43. "A potato flew around my room before you came."
44. "Chipotle is my life."
45. "Look at all those chickens!"
46. "YOU BETTER STOP."
47. "I like turtles."
48. "It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen in my life, watermelon, INSIDE A WATERMELON."
49. "Deez nuts, HA GOT EM?"
50. "F**k you, I don't want no ravioli."
51. "21."
52. "I'm in my mum's car, broom broom."
53. "Iridocyclitis."
54. "You know what, I'm about to say it."
55. "That is NOT correct."
56. "Uh, I'm not finished" "Oh my God, can you let me do what I need to do?"
57. "I have osteoporosis."
58. "ADAM."
59. "Merry Chrysler."
60. "Wait a minute, who ARE you?"
61. "Try me, bitch."
62. "When will you learn, THAT YOUR ACTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES?"
63. "I didn't get no sleep cause of y'all, y'all not gone get no sleep cause of me!"
64. "Do you want to go see Uncle Cracker or no?"
65. "So no head?"
66. "You got eczema."
67. "I am shooketh."
68. "Hey my name is Trey, I have a basketball game tomorrow."
69. "Can I PLEASE get a waffle?"
70. "There is only one thing worse than a rapist." "A child."
71. "Ah f**k, I can't believe you've done this."
72. "Bitch, I hope the f**k you do."
73. "Two shots of vodka."
74. "F**k off Janet, I'm not going to your f**king baby shower."
75. "JEEEEEZ, Jesus Christ."

---
## [Jmendapara/SMProject1](https://github.com/Jmendapara/SMProject1)@[af794b1638...](https://github.com/Jmendapara/SMProject1/commit/af794b16388cb0d14dc61259db013b46a0c3dba5)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 19:23:42 by Jmendapara

Oh! Fuck! Shit! Bitch! Young Sheck Wes and I'm getting really rich

---
## [petre-symfony/symfony5](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony5)@[35b3057568...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony5/commit/35b30575686fba19efbca892ea2c1da6be364491)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 20:40:29 by petrero

17.4.Upgrading to DoctrineBundle 2.0{Handling Composer Update Problems}

Handling Composer Update Problems
Now that we're forcing version 2, let's... see if it will update! Run:

composer update doctrine/doctrine-bundle
And... this does not work. I should've seen this coming. doctrine-bundle can't be updated to version 2 because our project currently has doctrine-fixtures-bundle 3.2, which requires doctrine-bundle 1.6. So apparently we also need to update doctrine-fixtures-bundle. Ok! Copy the library name and say:

composer update doctrine/doctrine-bundle doctrine/doctrine-fixtures-bundle
We may need to change that bundle's version constraints to allow it to upgrade to a new major version.
I honestly don't really know. My hope is that a newer 3.something version will allow doctrine-bundle 2.0. But when we check on Composer... bah! It didn't work! But this time because of a different library: doctrine-migrations-bundle. That also needs to be updated. No problem: copy its name and add it to the end of our composer update line.
We're now allowing doctrine-bundle, doctrine-fixtures-bundle and doctrine-migrations-bundle all to update and... it still doesn't work. Sheesh. Let's see: this time it's because doctrine-migrations-bundle requires doctrine/migrations 2.2 and apparently we're locked at a lower version of that. Yea we have 2.1.1.
It's the same problem... again. Well, it's slightly different. We could add doctrine/migrations to the end of our composer update command - or even use doctrine/* - and try it again. That should work.
Or we can add --with-dependencies. This says: allow any of these three bundles to update and allow their dependencies to update. doctrine/migrations is not in our composer.json file: it's a dependency of doctrine-migrations-bundle. Oh, and if you really want the easy way out, we could have just ran composer update with no arguments to allow anything to update. But I prefer to update as little as possible at one time. Try the command
composer update doctrine/doctrine-bundle                 doctrine/doctrine-fixtures-bundle                 doctrine/doctrine-migrations-bundle                 --with-dependencies
And... it worked! Yeeeea! Then... exploded at the bottom. We'll talk about that in a minute. First, look back up: it upgraded doctrine-migrations-bundle and doctrine-fixtures-bundle both to new minor versions. So there shouldn't be any breaking changes in those.
The doctrine-bundle upgrade was over a major version - from 1 to 2 - so it shouldn't be a huge surprise that it made our code go bonkers: the new version does have some breaking changes.

Exit: DoctrineCacheBundle
One other thing I want to point out is that doctrine-cache-bundle was removed. That's no longer needed by doctrine and you shouldn't use it anymore either: use Symfony's cache.
Next, let's fix our app to work with DoctrineBundle 2.0 and update its recipe, which contains a few important config changes.

---
## [angr/cle](https://github.com/angr/cle)@[5e01abe4bc...](https://github.com/angr/cle/commit/5e01abe4bc8206aa45a9c9259fa4ce198840d741)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 21:45:05 by Audrey Dutcher

Refactor CLE to separate linking from mapping and relocation (#230)

* Actually calculate the needed area for static TLS data. see #211 and #192

* Refactor loading into separate linking/mapping/relocating phases

* Fix TLS for real. now there's a notion of being able to specifically allocate a thread, which does not happen by default

* Cope with java tls bullshit in a stupid way for now

* jesus fucking christ

* docstring lint

* add additional stopgap for unknown data allocations

* make firmware test less dependent on exact address layouts (since the extern allocations changed)

---
## [brho/akaros](https://github.com/brho/akaros)@[e308fcae90...](https://github.com/brho/akaros/commit/e308fcae906830c0eee8977c74fb7fb734d22f54)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 22:40:47 by Barret Rhoden

iommu: rewrite device assignment

This was a mess.  The data structures and connections between processes,
pci_devices, and iommus were all a mess.  The pci device assignment
wasn't integrated with the iommu, etc.

The main thing is that processes now have lists of their iommus, which
will make things less painful when we do an IOTLB flush.  It's still
painful, but not as bad.

All of the assignment stuff was changed, so now you call the pci
functions, e.g. pci_assign_device(), which will internally deal with the
iommu.

When processes are destroyed, we tear down any assigned device.  In my
current code, all in-kernel device users hold the pdev qlock.  For
example, when #cbdma tries to use the IOAT driver, it qlocks the device.
I think we'd be OK if the device was unassigned out from under the
driver, in that the IOMMU would protect us from any wild writes, but the
kernel driver would likely get wedged.

I have a bunch of changes to #cbdma, but the easiest thing right now is
to just not build it briefly.

Signed-off-by: Barret Rhoden <brho@cs.berkeley.edu>

---
## [newstools/2020-the-citizen](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-citizen)@[c89e8dc8d9...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-citizen/commit/c89e8dc8d9aadfc8cd44a4dde2131af7e2dad414)
#### Friday 2020-02-14 23:25:27 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [citizen.co.za/news/south-africa/society/2242071/i-would-stand-up-for-him-and-wipe-his-tears-friends-family-remember-ferndale-high-pupil/]

---

# [<](2020-02-13.md) 2020-02-14 [>](2020-02-15.md)

