# [<](2020-04-25.md) 2020-04-26 [>](2020-04-27.md)

2,142,030 events, 1,192,223 push events, 1,711,879 commit messages, 100,217,490 characters


## [keithphw/jsweet-quickstart](https://github.com/keithphw/jsweet-quickstart)@[c08c475dfd...](https://github.com/keithphw/jsweet-quickstart/commit/c08c475dfd0cd6b7196528bd0c6a9135c98223cc)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 00:48:15 by keithphw

Update pom.xml

Added <bundle>true</bundle> which avoids circular dependency errors: "TypeError: Super expression must either be null or a function, not undefined". The fix is to bundle files as mentioned here: 
https://medium.com/visual-development/how-to-fix-nasty-circular-dependency-issues-once-and-for-all-in-javascript-typescript-a04c987cf0de
Of course in this simple Quickstart example where there are so few javascript files and no circular dependency problems, it's unnecessary. But if new users use this quickstart as a working template to convert their own project from Java to Javascript, it's best that we include the best default options to make their experience as painless as possible. When I ran into this circular dependency problem I was close to giving up on JSweet since I had no idea why it didn't work. I happened upon this fix and persevered and am very happy with JSweet. So I would like to contribute this minor edit. Thank you for the great work on JSweet!

---
## [keithphw/jsweet-quickstart](https://github.com/keithphw/jsweet-quickstart)@[796dbec622...](https://github.com/keithphw/jsweet-quickstart/commit/796dbec62243cc9dff09378768eea4ca5d7bb6b8)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 01:11:49 by keithphw

Added <bundle>true</bundle> to pom.xml which avoids circular dependency errors: "TypeError: Super expression must either be null or a function, not undefined". The fix is to bundle files as mentioned here: 
https://medium.com/visual-development/how-to-fix-nasty-circular-dependency-issues-once-and-for-all-in-javascript-typescript-a04c987cf0de
Of course in this simple Quickstart example where there are so few javascript files and no circular dependency problems, it's unnecessary. But if new users use this quickstart as a working template to convert their own project from Java to Javascript, it's best that we include suitable default options to make their experience as painless as possible. 
When I ran into this circular dependency problem I was close to giving up on JSweet since I had no idea why it didn't work, as someone coming from a Java background who knows nothing about Javascript. I happened upon this fix and persevered and am very happy with JSweet now. 
So I would like to contribute this minor edit to help others just beginning. Thank you for the great work on JSweet!

---
## [lakerpaxtan/NarbacularPerspectives](https://github.com/lakerpaxtan/NarbacularPerspectives)@[24dc82ec75...](https://github.com/lakerpaxtan/NarbacularPerspectives/commit/24dc82ec75e73d63762f09645d80588225b63170)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 01:19:43 by lakerpaxtan

got cameras working relative to player movement; actual pain in the ass when you only have one way portals bc directionality is reversed from what you'd expect; had to remember how to do some real math. (2 hours)

---
## [fragglet/doom-faqs](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs)@[0eba781279...](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs/commit/0eba781279341bf93547b6db81988f490b30fb57)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 02:09:31 by Hank Leukart

v6.666: A standard revision of the "Official" DOOM FAQ. DOOM II information
added. A large amount of new add-on software, updated information on ports
and more.

--

Happy DOOM Birthday!

It's not often that someone can ask me, "What were you doing at this very
moment, one year ago?" and I would be able to answer. Today, December 10th,
1994, is one of those rare occasions in which I know exactly.

Actually, I'm sure if I asked about half the readers of this FAQ, they would
be able to give me details about their activities too. Most of us were
sitting on Internet (or using every free moment to log on) waiting for DOOM to
be released. I remember staying up most of the night, disappointed when it
wasn't release by 8am EST. I waited, waited, and waited, until finally
everyone located it on "ftp.uwp.edu" all at the same time. Wow! All the
die-hard-DOOM-fans-to-be let out a sigh of release as the suspense was lifted.

In retrospect, it has been an incredible experience. After 11 revisions and
thousands of pieces of E-mail, I'm still alive and sane! DOOM has taken up a
large portion of my life (it's so addictive) and now, here I am, one year,
later.

I hope everyone enjoys this "Anniversary Edition" of the "Official" DOOM FAQ
v6.666. It contains DOOM I and DOOM II information, the latest on DOOM ports,
and all the coolest add-on utilities.

Now, I have a feeling it's going to all start over again with Quake! Watch
for the game in late 1995 from id. Although this may or may not be last
"Official" DOOM FAQ, it will definitely be awhile until the next
revision--this covers just about everything.

Above all, "Keep on DOOMing!"

---
## [fragglet/doom-faqs](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs)@[2c2529fbe9...](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs/commit/2c2529fbe9122b45857de4a438f873f11b8bd97b)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 02:09:31 by Hank Leukart

v5.0: A major revision of the "Official" DOOM FAQ. DOOM is released. FAQ is
completely rewritten. FAQ tells about troubleshooting, cheating, and add-on
software. New additions to DOOM iNsAnItY.

--

FINALLY! After 344 days of waiting after the press release, DOOM was released
on time. The game we all have been waiting for is BETTER than anyone even
expected it to be! I would like to thank all the "Usenetters" out there for not
making me eat my (or other people's) socks, and for not nuking my house. I know
there was a temptation, but id Software saved me!  Anyway, I hope you enjoy
this version of the FAQ. I hope this one answers all the questions you can
possibly dream up about DOOM! After all, it almost doubles the size of v2.6 of
the FAQ, and is about one-twentieth of the size of the actual game!

Currently, I have only seen the shareware version of the game. A small amount
of the information may not pertain to the mail-order or commercial version, but
most is accurate for all versions.

---
## [fragglet/doom-faqs](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs)@[1958f01c3e...](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs/commit/1958f01c3e963874aa0a7fd989070f4235b1e0f3)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 02:09:31 by Hank Leukart

v5.6: A minor revision of the "Official" DOOM FAQ. New add-on software is
added. Many grammatic problems fixed.  The secrets section is rewritten.

--

Well, it has been another two months, but it's back!  After a lot of hard work
from DOOM add-on developers, some decent utilities have been created.  Map
editors, sound editors, graphics editors, cheating utilities, DOOM shells,
serial drivers, and new DOOM levels have all been released!  There are
hundreds of them, but don't despair.  This FAQ has a very complete catalog of
DOOM add-ons, including places to get them.  Here are just a few I recommend
checking out.

I have been playing DOOM for a long time now, and still am not bored of it.
However, for people who have gotten tired of it (or people just looking for
something new), I recommend checking out "hockey10.zip" by Seth Cohn.  This
amazing DOOM patch and PWAD creates a unique multi-player death hockey (yes, I
said "death hockey") game for DOOM.  This is hours of excitement.

The DOOM Hall of Fame: Collectors Edition is just that -- a classic.  If you
are looking for a great collection of LMPs, this is for you.  It contains a
LMP for every level that reveals all the secrets, plus some very strange LMPs.
"When you finish watching these, you will not only be a veteran at the
techniques and secrets of DOOM, but you will also have seen some of the most
spectacular near-death battles this side of Phobos."

Are you looking for a person to play multi-player DOOM with?  If so, look no
longer.  Jeff Forsyth's DOOM Modem Contact List can help you find a partner.
Check out Chapter [15] for more information.

These are just a few of the best add-on software available for DOOM.  There is
lots more, check out the add-on section of this FAQ.  Anyway, until next time,
have fun, and above all, "keep on DOOMing!"

---
## [fragglet/doom-faqs](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs)@[d19673e446...](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs/commit/d19673e446d5c5de2ef46e13cba566ada83fea44)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 02:09:31 by Hank Leukart

v5.5: A standard revision of the "Official" DOOM FAQ.  DOOM v1.2 is released,
and information on modem play is added.  DOOM iNsAnItY is released seperately.
A complete list of add-on software, modem init strings, and troubleshooting
guidelines are added.

--

It has been more than two months since the last release of the FAQ, and there
is a lot of good reasons.  I promised to have a FAQ out at around the same
time that DOOM v1.2 was released, but DOOM v1.2 was delayed for about a month
and a half.  I had a hard drive crash, and all of the work I had previously
done on v5.5 of the FAQ was gone.  My E-mail box keeps overflowing, and at the
rate the information is coming in, there would not be ANY way for me to
release the FAQ if I had not drawn the line somewhere.  Anyway, here it is,
the "Official" DOOM FAQ v5.5.

DOOM iNsAnItY was removed (sorry) due to size complaints, but the last edition
of DOOM iNsAnItY has been released with this FAQ.  Look for it in the file
"dinsan55.txt" on the Internet or "dinsan55.zip" on BBSs.  DOOM v1.2 has been
released, which has caused one huge problem: modem support.  After weeding
through hundreds of messages, and with the help of a few others, a list of
modem strings that work with DOOM is included in this FAQ.  I hope one of them
works for you!  "Keep on DOOMing!"

---
## [fragglet/doom-faqs](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs)@[096d60f1a8...](https://github.com/fragglet/doom-faqs/commit/096d60f1a879bc2f9254e70367c135ffe871e07f)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 02:09:31 by Hank Leukart

v5.8: A minor revision of the "Official" DOOM FAQ.  Minor grammatic problems
fixed, updated for v1.666 of DOOM.  Released in the DOOM v1.666 package.

--

Because I have ESP, I know that right now, you're thinking:

"What in the world is he doing?  He's releasing yet ANOTHER FAQ?  Is this guy
satanic or what?"

id decided that in the last few weeks that they should keep releasing versions
of DOOM on the Internet until they had a version with no bugs. :)  And,
hopefully, with v1.666, they will have finally done it.  So, here is the
"Official" DOOM FAQ, v5.8.  Who was it who sent me E-mail asking if I was a
masochist? <grin>

Because I have ESP, I know that right now, you're thinking:

"Wait a minute!  I just downloaded DOOM v1.666.  Why did I get this incredible
FAQ with it?"

id Software was kind enough to allow me to package the FAQ with DOOM v1.61bt
and with DOOM v1.666.  I think this will be great for all DOOM players, as
many of their questions can be answered immediately.  This should also cut
down on questions to id's technical support.

Because I have ESP, I know that right now, you're thinking:

"Okay, now what is he going to talk about?  After all, it has only been a few
weeks since the last FAQ!  What new, cool add-on utilities could he plug?

I do admit that in the last few weeks, I haven't seen any major upgrades on
any of the DOOM editors or other popular utilities.  I have seen, however, a
new utility that has probably caught on the fastest of any of the add-ons.
Matt Fell recently released a small file outlining the DOOM.EXE.  This file
gave way to DEHACKED by Greg Lewis (gregory.lewis@umich.edu).  And what a COOL
utility!  Some of the patches made for DEHACKED allow monster "morphing," a
shotgun that fires as fast as a chain gun, and a flame thrower to replace the
plasma gun.  Other special-effects include flying enemies and enemies that
look like trees.  I recommend downloading this utility along with some of the
patches.  See Chapters [13-2] and [14-6] for more information.

Because I have ESP, I know that right now, you're thinking:

"Let me see.  If I can scramble my brain waves, maybe he won't be able to read
my mind anymore."

Okay, you figured me out.  I don't actually have ESP after all.  Anyway, watch
out for mind readers, memorize the FAQ, and above all, "keep on DOOMing!"

---
## [plzrobbob/BreathOfTheCoyote](https://github.com/plzrobbob/BreathOfTheCoyote)@[5ab5b72041...](https://github.com/plzrobbob/BreathOfTheCoyote/commit/5ab5b7204125d846af82bc9f6a56a559a3468bec)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 02:14:25 by tintinjokes

STUPID BULLSHIT ANIMATION DEATH FUCK FUCK

Greetings and salutations. After the player dies, he NOW finishes the animation of death and THEN the scene reloads.

---
## [jak1841/MachineLearningStart](https://github.com/jak1841/MachineLearningStart)@[297ff571ce...](https://github.com/jak1841/MachineLearningStart/commit/297ff571ce461c3a8aed594848e123ccd110ad7d)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 05:03:19 by jak1841

Holy Fuck Gradient Descent For 2 variablesis done 

Basicaly I spent my whole saturday afternoon getting gradient descent to work and not its sunday wholly god omg i want to kill myself and breath outside. This covid thing is so bad but its helping wiht my machine learning stuff.

---
## [michaelsmetsker2/ThinkTank](https://github.com/michaelsmetsker2/ThinkTank)@[54420dbb14...](https://github.com/michaelsmetsker2/ThinkTank/commit/54420dbb14c298b939598d473790be277c9cee40)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 07:12:40 by michaelsmetsker2

actually not bad

I dreaded doing work onthis becaise of how bad i fucked everything up last night but honestly it wasnt to bad, sadly i need to redo the npc system(what little i have) so that it scales better,

my goal is to be done witha ll quest/item / menu ui (not like optuibs abd initiation) within a week to a week and a half depending on how much i do

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[b662436ddd...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/b662436ddd50bc2d1fbb7c4cdeac421e28fa5f1b)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 10:09:21 by Flourish

Don't damn people for selling their souls; Hell kinda sucks.

---
## [alanndz/kernel_xiaomi_lavender](https://github.com/alanndz/kernel_xiaomi_lavender)@[ecbd8d0b6a...](https://github.com/alanndz/kernel_xiaomi_lavender/commit/ecbd8d0b6af0133c1dd994dd50ff610e75f262ef)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 12:04:50 by Linus Torvalds

mm: remove unused variable in memory hotplug

When I removed the per-zone bitlock hashed waitqueues in commit
9dcb8b685fc3 ("mm: remove per-zone hashtable of bitlock waitqueues"), I
removed all the magic hotplug memory initialization of said waitqueues
too.

But when I actually _tested_ the resulting build, I stupidly assumed
that "allmodconfig" would enable memory hotplug.  And it doesn't,
because it enables KASAN instead, which then disables hotplug memory
support.

As a result, my build test of the per-zone waitqueues was totally
broken, and I didn't notice that the compiler warns about the now unused
iterator variable 'i'.

I guess I should be happy that that seems to be the worst breakage from
my clearly horribly failed test coverage.

Reported-by: Stephen Rothwell <sfr@canb.auug.org.au>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: celtare21 <celtare21@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: nysascape <nysadev@raphielgang.org>
Signed-off-by: Dušan Uverić <dusan.uveric9@gmail.com>

---
## [cryptee/web-client](https://github.com/cryptee/web-client)@[0b5d4563d7...](https://github.com/cryptee/web-client/commit/0b5d4563d70d9cf1cb8339f72b1d907c904edbaa)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 13:04:11 by John Ozbay

Bugfixes & Performance Tweaks

Fixes #55
Fixes #51

+ Updated Highlight JS
+ Better attachment icons
+ Moved Quill modules out of <head> and out of docs.js into separate js files to speed up docs loading time & reduce docs.js size.
+ Removed old Quill CSS files saved a few kb.
+ Added network warning to keycheck

+ Editor is now locked if not in use on mobile. This prevents accidental on-screen keyboard pop-ups.

+ Inserting embeds / attachments don’t give focus to Quill, don’t break layout make things faster

+ Opening menu is now 250ms faster, looks smoother on most devices.

– Note to self, dangerouslyPasteHTML results in editor receiving focus, and keyboard will pop-up and can break layout.

Signals & intelligence report sourced from all three agencies agree that I’m an idiot for not noticing this bug for 2+ months, and I should be drinking more coffee.

– Note to future self 2 : Watch out for layout changes if editor receives focus. I said watch out. watch the fuck out.
jeez john.

---
## [math964g/AMIGO](https://github.com/math964g/AMIGO)@[a3fd3db99b...](https://github.com/math964g/AMIGO/commit/a3fd3db99bf6636cdd552b3d159ee17b824a0962)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 13:34:07 by MathiasGN

My dream array has been created by a humongous pile of shit

This is truly a miracle to behold!

---
## [GamePalsDoinCode/scrumsistant](https://github.com/GamePalsDoinCode/scrumsistant)@[b7358b4126...](https://github.com/GamePalsDoinCode/scrumsistant/commit/b7358b4126fc7094e6e06aedcfed6a5325da8a0e)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 16:06:12 by Danny

move scripts up a level, some shit hacks to let python be a usable fucking language

---
## [ensisoft/newsflash-plus](https://github.com/ensisoft/newsflash-plus)@[c512b48228...](https://github.com/ensisoft/newsflash-plus/commit/c512b48228e38d9b2a9587794036c2c99807a7b1)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 16:27:28 by Sami Väisänen

Replace protobuf based serialization with nlohmann json serialization

Replace protobuf based serialization with nlohmann json serialization.

This is the glorious day when we praise God, Jesus the Merciful and
Allah, Vishnu etc. and bask in the glory of God and rejoice that we
can for once and for all rid ourselves of this horrible steaming
pile of puke that is the Google protobuf. Begone you horrible
hellish depedency and blessed be a single header file json library!

---
## [beProsto/simplechat](https://github.com/beProsto/simplechat)@[2560827a93...](https://github.com/beProsto/simplechat/commit/2560827a931cc9173cf1df04e7b27ab19bc9d335)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 18:37:22 by beProsto

fuck you for trying to steal my files

pierdolcie się wszyscy

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[e9e883e3b2...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/e9e883e3b2a64867aae014fb8a1416d0177fe493)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 21:39:10 by wm4

video: make OSD/subtitle bitmaps refcounted (sort of)

Making OSD/subtitle bitmaps refcounted was planend a longer time ago,
e.g. the sub_bitmaps.packed field (which refcounts the subtitle bitmap
data) was added in 2016. But nothing benefited much from it, because
struct sub_bitmaps was usually stack allocated, and there was this weird
callback stuff through osd_draw().

Make it possible to get actually refcounted subtitle bitmaps on the OSD
API level. For this, we just copy all subtitle data other than the
bitmaps with sub_bitmaps_copy(). At first, I had planned some fancy
refcount shit, but when that was a big mess and hard to debug and just
boiled to emulating malloc(), I made it a full allocation+copy. This
affects mostly the parts array. With crazy ASS subtitles, this parts
array can get pretty big (thousands of elements or more), in which case
the extra alloc/copy could become performance relevant. But then again
this is just pure bullshit, and I see no need to care. In practice, this
extra work most likely gets drowned out by libass murdering a single
core (while mpv is waiting for it) anyway. So fuck it.

I just wanted this so draw_bmp.c requires only a single call to render
everything. VOs also can benefit from this, because the weird callback
shit isn't necessary anymore (simpler code), but I haven't done anything
about it yet. In general I'd hope this will work towards simplifying the
OSD layer, which is prerequisite for making actual further improvements.

I haven't tested some cases such as the "overlay-add" command. Maybe it
crashes now? Who knows, who cares.

In addition, it might be worthwhile to reduce the code duplication
between all the things that output subtitle bitmaps (with repacking,
image allocation, etc.), but that's orthogonal.

---
## [wincent/wincent](https://github.com/wincent/wincent)@[c7368d430f...](https://github.com/wincent/wincent/commit/c7368d430f4e55757900cc046b98e9717014e5eb)
#### Sunday 2020-04-26 22:38:01 by Greg Hurrell

feat(fig): port rest of defaults role to Fig

Note pain an suffering related to dealing with horrible `defaults`
output format... Even Ansible shies away from dealing with "dict-add"
for this reason.

It is not 100% complete or even necessarily bug free, but it seems
enough to handle my current use cases.

---

# [<](2020-04-25.md) 2020-04-26 [>](2020-04-27.md)

