# [<](2020-02-22.md) 2020-02-23 [>](2020-02-24.md)

1,480,752 events, 826,140 push events, 1,177,171 commit messages, 71,977,685 characters


## [RadicalSkewerAnarchy/SavorSaber](https://github.com/RadicalSkewerAnarchy/SavorSaber)@[5811d1ec5d...](https://github.com/RadicalSkewerAnarchy/SavorSaber/commit/5811d1ec5d210a8ea3bb61589e5a7ac78af720c0)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 03:46:53 by Hughe

Audio Mixer Attempt #1

- Created an audio mixer with 4 channels (Music, SFX, TextBlip, Ambient Sounds)
- Tried applying to as many prefabs and objects as possible
- Oh god there's so many miscellaneous AudioSources that I have no idea what they play.
- Oh god there might be merge conflicts because I realized I edited the plains scene
- Note to self for the neo post-mortem, should have done this way earlier last year

---
## [petre-symfony/Blackfire](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire)@[9b6fa8df71...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire/commit/9b6fa8df71e1fb9f7cefb7b3ca19a75b1a2848ae)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 10:41:08 by petrero

16.1.Timeline: Finding a Hidden Surprise{The Hidden Slow Listener; Blue Memory Footprint; Fixing the Slow Code}

One of the big spots on the timeline is the RequestEvent. It's purple because this is an event: the first event that Symfony dispatches. It happens before the controller is called... which is pretty obvious in this view.
Let's zoom in: by double-clicking the square. Beautiful! What happens inside this event? Apparently... the routing layer happens! That's RouterListener. You can also see Firewall: this is where authentication takes place. Security is a complex system... so being able to see a bit about what happens inside of it is pretty cool. At some point... it calls a method on EntityRepository and we can see the query for the User object that we're logged in as. Pretty cool.

The Hidden Slow Listener
There's one more big chunk under RequestEvent: something called AgreeToTermsSubscriber... which is taking 30 milliseconds. Let's open that class and see what it does: src/EventSubscriber/AgreeToTermsSubscriber.php.
Ah yes. Every now and then, we update the"terms of service" on our site. When we do that, our lovely lawyers have told us that we need to require people to agree to the updated terms. This class handles that: it gets the authenticated user and, if they're not logged in, it does nothing:

 73 lines  src/EventSubscriber/AgreeToTermsSubscriber.php
class AgreeToTermsSubscriber implements EventSubscriberInterface
{
    public function onRequestEvent(RequestEvent $event)
    {
        $user = $this->security->getUser();
        // only need this for authenticated users
        if (! $user instanceof User) {
            return;
        }
    }
}
But if they are logged in, then it renders a twig template with an "agree to the terms" form:

 73 lines  src/EventSubscriber/AgreeToTermsSubscriber.php
class AgreeToTermsSubscriber implements EventSubscriberInterface
{
    public function onRequestEvent(RequestEvent $event)
    {
        // in reality, you would hardcode the most recent "terms" date
        // change so you can see if the user needs to re-agree. I've
        // set it dynamically to 1 year ago to avoid anyone hitting
        // this - as it's just example code...
        //$latestTermsDate = new \DateTimeImmutable('2019-10-15');
        $latestTermsDate = new \DateTimeImmutable('-1 year');
        $form = $this->formFactory->create(AgreeToUpdatedTermsFormType::class);
        $html = $this->twig->render('main/agreeUpdatedTerms.html.twig', [
            'form' => $form->createView()
        ]);
        // resets Encore assets so they render correctly later
        // only technically needed here because we should really
        // "exit" this function before rendering the template if
        // we know the user doesn't need to see the form!
        $this->entrypointLookup->reset();
        // user is up-to-date!
        if ($user->getAgreedToTermsAt() >= $latestTermsDate) {
            return;
        }
    }
}
Eventually, if the terms have been updated since the last time this User agreed to them, it sets that form as the response instead of rendering the real page.
We haven't seen this form yet... and... it's not really that important. Because we rarely update our terms, 99.99% of the requests to the site will not display the form.
So... the fact that this is taking 30 milliseconds... even though it will almost never do anything... is kind of a lot!

Blue Memory Footprint
Oh, and see this blue background? I love this: it's the memory footprint. If we trace over this call - this is about when the AgreeToTermsSubscriber happens - the memory starts at 3.44 megabytes... and finishes around 4.46. That's 1 megabyte of memory - kinda high for such a rarely-used function.
The point is: this method doesn't take that long to run. And so, it may not have shown up as a performance critical path on the call graph. But thanks to the timeline, this invisible layer jumped out at us. And... I think it is taking a bit too long.

Fixing the Slow Code
Back in the code, the mistake I made is pretty embarrassing. I'm using some pretend logic to see whether or not we need to render the form. But... I put the check too late!
We're doing all the work of rendering the form... even if we don't use it.
Let's move that code all the way to the top. Ah, too far - it needs to be after the fake $latestTermsDate variable.
That looks better. Let's try it! I'll refresh the page. Profile again and call it [Recording] Homepage authenticated fixed subscriber: http://bit.ly/sf-bf-timeline-fix
Let's jump straight to view the Timeline... double-click RequestEvent and this time... AgreeToTermsSubscriber is gone! We can see RouterListener and Firewall... but not AgreeToTermsSubscriber. That's not because our app isn't calling it anymore: it is. It's because Blackfire hides function calls that take almost no resources. That's great.
Next, we know that we can write code inside a function that is slow. But did you know that sometimes even the instantiation of an object can eat a lot of resources? Let's see how that looks in Blackfire and leverage a Symfony feature - service subscribers - to make instantiation lighter.

---
## [petre-symfony/Blackfire](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire)@[ca755048d2...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire/commit/ca755048d248d6262582680e7e76670a7909f7bb)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 10:41:08 by petrero

15.1.Timeline: Go Behind-the-Scenes with your Code

Click log in to find our super-secure login system. We not only give you a valid email address, but even the password! We're very generous to our users.
You can't tell, but now that we're logged in, a new piece of code is... silently running in the background on each request. Blackfire is going to help us notice this.

Back to the dev Environment
Before we profile this page, open up the .env file and switch back to the dev environment.
What I'm about to show you is more of a debugging tool than a profiling tool. We're switching back to the dev environment both to make our life a little bit easier - no need to clear the cache after changes - and because when your code executes more slowly, Blackfire tends to prune, or remove, less stuff. That's bad for trying to find performance issues, but good if your goal is to debug something... or understand how your app is working.
I'll refresh the page to make sure that it works. Yep! Our handy web debug toolbar on the bottom is back! Let's profile! I'll call this one [Recording] Homepage authenticated dev: http://bit.ly/sf-bf-timeline. Poetry.
When that finishes, as usual, click to view the call graph. Okay: there's not too much interesting here... especially because the DebugClassLoader stuff is once again adding noise that won't be there on production. It's not clear what the critical path is... and the page, at this point, is probably fast enough for me.

Hello Timeline
So let's look at something else: click the "Timeline" link. OooOOOOo. The timeline... other than just looking cool... is the place to go to... just... basically figure out how your app is working: how does the code flow through all the layers? What hidden things might be happening?
For example, this page apparently has 28 SQL queries. But where are these happening? Are they all in the controller? Are some in the controller and others are in the template? Are some coming from somewhere else we didn't even think of? That's something that the call graph can't really tell us.
I love the timeline... but I'll admit that the first few times I looked at this page... I didn't really understand what was going on... or how to make this useful. It looks simple enough - we can see the function calls and their child calls from left to right through the lifecycle of the request - but there's more to it.

Metrics
Let's start on the left: these timeline metrics. Metrics are basically a way that Blackfire groups function calls together and give them a label. For example, Blackfire knows that a specific function call means that an event is being dispatched. It finds those, labels all of them as symfony.events and give them this purple color so that they show up more clearly on the right. Here's one Symfony event right here... and there's another one.
It does the same thing for SQL queries: it knows that PDOStatement::execute(), PDO::query() and several other functions mean that an SQL query is being made. It groups them together, calls them sql and labels them as yellow. It's a great idea... and is just that simple.
Below this, there is another section called "Other Metrics". These are the same thing: meaningful groups of function calls. The only difference is that Blackfire does not give these a special color and they don't show up on the timeline. These are... just... raw data... that sit right here. If you're wondering why that would useful... I was too! For the purpose of the timeline, they are not useful. They'll come in handy later when we talk more about metrics. Metrics are their own big topic.

Finding Metrics in the Timeline
Let's look at one of the timeline metrics doctrine.entities.hydrated. What does this one mean? Sometimes the title of a metric will tell you a bit more... but often the metric name is all you really have. Most metrics are self-explanatory.
Depending on how well you know Doctrine, this might be obvious... or not. This metric refers to whenever one or more entities are hydrated into an object. Notice the count is 3. For this metric, it's not that there are only 3 objects being hydrated during this request, but that our code asks Doctrine to hydrate one or more objects on three occasions.
So where are the 3 times that we're hydrating objects? One of the cool things is that, when you hover over a timeline metric, it adds a border to the matching boxes on the right. It's... a little subtle... but it does the trick. I wish you could double-click and... maybe zoom to the matching boxes... but it's tricky because they may be spread out over the whole request.
If we hover over doctrine.entities.hydrated... hmm... I don't see those. You need to do a little bit of digging... I'll hover back over. There they are. It turns out that the 3 calls are not all in the same place: they're coming from three very different parts of our code. The first is part of the firewall... probably querying for the logged in user... and the other two are down in some template rendering... along with a few similarly-colored doctrine.dql.parsed items.
I want to look at what's happening inside of this template... but a lot of these things are really small. On top, we can see the entire timeline. Click where we want to start, move over, and let go! Zoom!
Much easier to see! In this spot, Doctrine parses its DQL, it makes an SQL query here... and a different query a bit later.
So as far as getting insight into what's really going on in your application, you can't get much better than this. You can even see our N+1 problem visually: it makes a query to count the comments little-by-little as the template renders.
Hit the "Home" icon to zoom back out. This is cool... but I mentioned that, as soon as we logged in, there was some new code that was now running in the background. Next, let's look a bit closer at the timeline to discover what that is and a hidden performance problem.

---
## [petre-symfony/Blackfire](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire)@[6fe56e6047...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire/commit/6fe56e604706cb4e73449936c3206ed22696c3dc)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 10:41:08 by petrero

12.1.Profile All Requests (Including Ajax){Debugging Mode; Distributed Profiling; Disabling Aggregation; Profiling All Requests; Checking out the Network Requests}

When you open the browser extension to create a profile, it has a few options that we've been... ignoring so far.

Debugging Mode
 Tip

Debugging mode is available via the Debugging add-on.

For example, "debugging mode" will tell Blackfire to disable pruning - that's when it removes data for functions that don't take a lot of resources - and also to disable anonymization - that's when it hides exact details used in SQL queries and HTTP requests. Debugging mode is nice if something weird is going on.. and you want to fully see what's happening inside a request.

Distributed Profiling
 Tip

Distributed profiling is available to Premium plan users or higher.

Another superpower of Blackfire is called distributed profiling... which you either won't care about... or it's the most awesome thing ever. Imagine you have a micro-service architecture where, when you load the page, it makes a few HTTP requests to some microservices. If you have Blackfire installed on all of your microservices, Blackfire will automatically create profiles for every request made to every app. The final result is a profile with sub-profiles that show you how the entire infrastructure is working together. It's... pretty incredible.
But, if you want to disable it and only profile this main app, you can do that with this option.

Disabling Aggregation
The last option is to "disable aggregation". That's a fancy way of telling Blackfire that you want to make & profile just one request, instead of making 10 requests and averaging the results.

Profiling All Requests
But what I really want to look at is this "Profile all requests" link. Hit "Record"... then refresh. Woh! Cool! It already made 2 requests! And if I scroll down a little bit... there's a third! Let's stop right there.
That jumps us to our Blackfire dashboard. These last three profiles were just created: one for the homepage and two others: these are both AJAX calls! Surprise! Without even thinking about it, we discovered a few extra requests that are part of that page.
This first one - /api/github-organization - is what loads this GitHub repository info on the right. This makes an API call for the most popular repositories under the Symfonycasts organization... which is kind of silly... but it was a great way to show how network requests look in Blackfire. We'll see that in a minute.
This other request - for /_sightings - is an AJAX call that powers the forever scroll on the page.
Basically... I like using "profile all requests" in 3 situations. One, to get an idea of what's all happening on a page. Two, to profile AJAX requests... though I'll show you another way to do that soon. And three, to profile form submits: fill out the form, hit "Record", then submit.

Checking out the Network Requests
Let's look closer at the /api/github-organization AJAX profile: https://bit.ly/sf-bf-github-org. As I mentioned, this makes a network request to the GitHub API to load repository information. The profile... is almost comical! Out of the 438 millisecond wall time - 82% of it is from curl_multi_select() - that's the time spent making any API calls.
It's kind of fun to look at this in the CPU dimension, which is only 74 milliseconds. curl_multi_exec() is still the biggest offender... but it's a lot less obvious what the critical path is. Compare that with the I/O wait dimension, which includes network time. The critical path is ridiculously obvious here. This is an extreme example of how different dimensions can be more or less useful depending on the situation.
One of the interesting things is that... this is not the full call graph. According to this, the code goes straight from handleRaw() - which is the first call into the Symfony Framework - to our controller. In reality, there are many more function calls in between. Switch back to the CPU dimension. Yep! This shows more nodes.
This is the result of that "pruning" I mentioned a few minutes ago. Blackfire removes function calls that don't consume any significant resources so that the critical path - from a performance standpoint - is more obvious. The call graph also automatically hides or shows some info based on what you're zoomed in on.
In this situation, the critical path is obvious. You can also see the network requests on top. There are actually two: one that returns 1.5 kilobytes and another that returns 5.
This shows the network time too... but at least if you're using the Symfony HTTP client like I am, these numbers aren't right - they're far too small... I think that's due to the asynchronous nature of Symfony's HTTP Client. That's ok - because the overall cost is showing up correctly in all the other dimensions.
So how do we fix this? Should we add some caching? Or somehow try to make only one API call instead of two? We're actually going to revisit and fix this problem later. For now, I wanted you to be aware of the "Profile All" feature. Next, let's check out the Blackfire command-line tool, which has two superpowers... one of which has nothing to do with the command line.

---
## [petre-symfony/Blackfire](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire)@[618a2c2b73...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Blackfire/commit/618a2c2b734244a3b914e68abc2cd650ea17976e)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 10:41:08 by petrero

19.3.Manually Profile (Instrument) Part of your Code{How Disabling Auto-Instrumentation Works; We haven't used the SDK Yet}

Oh, and you can also optionally call $probe->close() - you'll see this in their documentation.
That tells the PHP extension that you're definitely done profiling and it can send the data to the agent. But, it's not strictly required, because it'll be sent automatically when the script ends anyways.
So... this feature is maybe useful... but it's definitely a nice intro into taking more control of the profiling process.

We haven't used the SDK Yet
And.. fun fact! We installed the blackfire/php-sdk library... but we haven't actually used it yet! This \BlackfireProbe class is not from the php-sdk library: it's from the Blackfire PHP extension. As long as you have the extension installed, that class will exist. We're interacting directly with the extension.
So... why did we install the SDK if we didn't need it? Because... it gave us auto-complete on that class. And you all know that I freakin' love auto-complete.
The SDK has a, sort of, "stub" version of this class. This is not the code that was actually executed when we called those methods... but having this at least shows us what methods and arguments exist.
Next, let's actually use the PHP SDK to do something a bit more interesting. I want to create a profile automatically in my code without needing to use the browser extension. This does have real-world use-cases.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[62536ea1cf...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/62536ea1cf04a06701f643e34c40503e891f10da)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 11:05:22 by Marko Grdinić

"10:10am. Got up 15m ago. Not much in the way of distraction this morning, but I need some time to chill.

Today I will definitely grasp something. All the examples I've seen thus far are too complex to really study, but that Tic Tac Toe web app is ideal. I am going to figure out what every single line means and internalize it properly. Once I do that, the follow up chapters will be much easier.

And best of all, finally in the two weeks of grind will be over. I finally have found the hook that I need to start gathering momentum.

10:40am. Let me finally start. What I will do now is open the code samples and see if the thing there works.

Then I have to figure out what each individual chunk of code does. In order to really understand something in programming, one has to be able to trace it from start to finish in one's mind.

10:50am. Focus me, I need to start, not read HN.

Oh, yes. To add to what I've written above, actually the book itself is not enough. I am definitely going to have to supplement my learning with the documentation. I need even more explained and shorter examples that what the book provides. The book is just to sparse and mostly follow the format of put-this-thing-there. This has value, but I need more.

Ok...so the plan is this. Let me go top to bottom through the project. Then I'll ask myself what the pieces do and triangulate that with the documentation.

11:05am.

```
            services.Configure<CookiePolicyOptions>(options =>
            {
                // This lambda determines whether user consent for non-essential cookies is needed for a given request.
                options.CheckConsentNeeded = context => true;
            });
```

This is such a trippy way of doing OO programming. It is almost FP, but not quite. It makes me wonder how much reflection has to be done under the hood to get this functionality.

```
return context.Response.WriteAsync($"User {firstName} {lastName} has been sucessfully created.");
```

Oh, C# has string interpolation.

11:15am.

```
            app.UseCookiePolicy();

            app.UseRouting();

            app.UseAuthorization();

            app.UseCommunicationMiddleware();
```

I really would like to be able to dive into these builders and find out what they do under the hood. Pharo is extremely good for this kind of exploration. In the absence of that hopefully the docs will go into depth what this does.

Still, let me skip this for now. Now that I am done with the two main files, let me go top to bottom through the folders.

11:20am.

```
        [ResponseCache(Duration = 0, Location = ResponseCacheLocation.None, NoStore = true)]
        public IActionResult Error()
        {
            return View(new ErrorViewModel { RequestId = Activity.Current?.Id ?? HttpContext.TraceIdentifier });
        }
```

I am going to have to figure out what this does. Let me just commit it to memory for the time being.

11:25am.

```
    public static class CommunicationMiddlewareExtension
    {
        public static IApplicationBuilder
           UseCommunicationMiddleware(this IApplicationBuilder app)
        {
            return app.UseMiddleware<CommunicationMiddleware>();
        }
    }
```

Make no mistake, this code is tough. Some code you can just look at and see what it does, but this stuff is just the cream on top of a large cake. The things that you need to know lie underneath, and you can't get a sense for it from this angle. This is why my last two weeks of learning have been so poor.

11:30am. Ok, let me go through the cshtml files in the View folder.

11:40am.

```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>@ViewData["Title"] - TicTacToe</title>

    <environment include="Development">
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="~/lib/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.css" />
    </environment>
    <environment exclude="Development">
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/css/bootstrap.min.css"
              asp-fallback-href="~/lib/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"
              asp-fallback-test-class="sr-only" asp-fallback-test-property="position" asp-fallback-test-value="absolute"
              crossorigin="anonymous"
              integrity="sha384-ggOyR0iXCbMQv3Xipma34MD+dH/1fQ784/j6cY/iJTQUOhcWr7x9JvoRxT2MZw1T"/>
    </environment>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="~/css/site.css" />
</head>
<body>
    <header>
        <nav class="navbar navbar-expand-sm navbar-toggleable-sm navbar-light bg-white border-bottom box-shadow mb-3">
            <div class="container">
                <a class="navbar-brand" asp-area="" asp-controller="Home" asp-action="Index">TicTacToe</a>
                <button class="navbar-toggler" type="button" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse" aria-controls="navbarSupportedContent"
                        aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle navigation">
                    <span class="navbar-toggler-icon"></span>
                </button>
                <div class="navbar-collapse collapse d-sm-inline-flex flex-sm-row-reverse">
                    <ul class="navbar-nav flex-grow-1">
                        <li class="nav-item">
                            <a class="nav-link text-dark" asp-area="" asp-controller="Home" asp-action="Index">Home</a>
                        </li>
                        <li class="nav-item">
                            <a class="nav-link text-dark" asp-area="" asp-controller="Home" asp-action="Privacy">Privacy</a>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </nav>
    </header>
    <div class="container">
        <partial name="_CookieConsentPartial" />
        <main role="main" class="pb-3">
            @RenderBody()
        </main>
    </div>

    <footer class="border-top footer text-muted">
        <div class="container">
            &copy; 2019 - TicTacToe - <a asp-area="" asp-controller="Home" asp-action="Privacy">Privacy</a>
        </div>
    </footer>

    <environment include="Development">
        <script src="~/lib/jquery/dist/jquery.js"></script>
        <script src="~/lib/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.js"></script>
    </environment>
    <environment exclude="Development">
        <script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.3.1/jquery.min.js"
                asp-fallback-src="~/lib/jquery/dist/jquery.min.js"
                asp-fallback-test="window.jQuery"
                crossorigin="anonymous"
                integrity="sha256-FgpCb/KJQlLNfOu91ta32o/NMZxltwRo8QtmkMRdAu8=">
        </script>
        <script src="https://stackpath.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/4.3.1/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"
                asp-fallback-src="~/lib/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"
                asp-fallback-test="window.jQuery && window.jQuery.fn && window.jQuery.fn.modal"
                crossorigin="anonymous"
                integrity="sha384-xrRywqdh3PHs8keKZN+8zzc5TX0GRTLCcmivcbNJWm2rs5C8PRhcEn3czEjhAO9o">
        </script>
    </environment>
    <script src="~/js/site.js" asp-append-version="true"></script>

    @RenderSection("Scripts", required: false)
</body>
</html>
```

I can't even begin to figure out what this does. Also field like `integrity="sha384-xrRywqdh3PHs8keKZN+8zzc5TX0GRTLCcmivcbNJWm2rs5C8PRhcEn3czEjhAO9o"` tells me this was not generated by hand.

11:45am. Ok...I've gone top to bottom on this.

Let me think. I pretty much don't understand everything, but...

How should I approach this? My hunch is that rather than starting out from the C# side of things, I'll want to figure out the relatively static cshtml parts.

I think this example is really good. It is out of me reach for now even with the help of the book, but it should be doable with some more learning.

11:50am. To really make progress here, I need things to be even more simple. I need even more primitive examples. The book is too advanced.

Once I've figure out how even more primitive examples integrate, I will have something to build on here.

I think that a realistic timeframe for learning webdev is at least a few months. HTML, JS and TS aren't hard as languages, but there is all of this incidental complexity I need to wade through before I can do anything.

But I believe in this. I might have looked down on webdev, but being able to make servers is obviously valuable. More that just doing language servers, I think what I am doing here will be valuable when the time comes to interface agents with the rest of the world.

I originally through that Spiral should be a service that other languages such as F# can call upon to produce efficient code. It was originally imagined as a code generator.

And here is all the knowledge that I need to do that.

I might not have interest in making web pages, but the stuff under the hood is to my liking. It is clearly a valuable skill. I cannot deny this.

Spiral can wait. Learning this is worth it for its own sake. Once I am done with this, finishing Spiral won't be a big deal.

And then I will be free. I will have the perfect language to ride the next wave of ML with, and all the necessary skills to make me complete as a programmer. The next decade will be my time. I was born to for the sake of living through this era."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[dd988e998a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/dd988e998a61bf723387c1814ca1891237f7bce9)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 16:07:07 by Marko Grdinić

"2:50pm. Seriously, how do I disconnect from the Azure account? Every time I open a new project it remains connected to the old one.

...Uf I am not sure what to search for in Google. Well, forget that for now.

I'll deal with that later when I need to. For now focus on the tutorial.

3:10pm. Right now I am looking at various files including the bootstrap.js and jquery.js. Yeah, as bad as TS's OO stuff is, it is still a marked improvement over having a big library in JS with zero types.

```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>@ViewData["Title"] - RazorPagesMovie</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="~/lib/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="~/css/site.css" />
</head>
<body>
    <header>
        <nav class="navbar navbar-expand-sm navbar-toggleable-sm navbar-light bg-white border-bottom box-shadow mb-3">
            <div class="container">
                <a class="navbar-brand" asp-area="" asp-page="/Index">RazorPagesMovie</a>
                <button class="navbar-toggler" type="button" data-toggle="collapse" data-target=".navbar-collapse" aria-controls="navbarSupportedContent"
                        aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle navigation">
                    <span class="navbar-toggler-icon"></span>
                </button>
                <div class="navbar-collapse collapse d-sm-inline-flex flex-sm-row-reverse">
                    <ul class="navbar-nav flex-grow-1">
                        <li class="nav-item">
                            <a class="nav-link text-dark" asp-area="" asp-page="/Index">Home</a>
                        </li>
                        <li class="nav-item">
                            <a class="nav-link text-dark" asp-area="" asp-page="/Privacy">Privacy</a>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </nav>
    </header>
    <div class="container">
        <main role="main" class="pb-3">
            @RenderBody()
        </main>
    </div>

    <footer class="border-top footer text-muted">
        <div class="container">
            &copy; 2020 - RazorPagesMovie - <a asp-area="" asp-page="/Privacy">Privacy</a>
        </div>
    </footer>

    <script src="~/lib/jquery/dist/jquery.min.js"></script>
    <script src="~/lib/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"></script>
    <script src="~/js/site.js" asp-append-version="true"></script>

    @RenderSection("Scripts", required: false)
</body>
</html>
```

This is actually readable unlike that the example from the book where it had machine generated content. Figuring this out should be doable.

I still have no idea what the bootstrap and jquery libraries are for. I'll get to that eventually.

3:15pm. Ok, ok, ok...

Stop reading random stuff. What does the tutorial say?

3:50pm. Had to take a break. Let me resume.

Today, my motivation and focus has been low. As expected, this is not my kind of programming and it will take a while till I get on track. But I will just keep plugging away at it.

Today, most of my effort has gone towards dreaming up what I will do with this webdev knowledge.

As long as proper ways of doing ML are still a mystery, I might as well focus on cleaning up all the auxiliaries. I'll do it. By the time 2022 arrives I will have something nice to show to the rest of the world.

4pm. https://docs.microsoft.com/hr-hr/aspnet/core/fundamentals/static-files?view=aspnetcore-3.1

Reading this stuff is beyond boring. Let me get back to the Razor tutorial. I'll figure the rest as I go along.

If it turns out that ASP.NET is not working for me, I'll ditch it for the time being and just study pure TS from one of the books.

At least with pure HTML and TS, I'll know where I stand and that will prepare me for this framework.

4:40pm. https://docs.microsoft.com/hr-hr/aspnet/core/tutorials/razor-pages/model?view=aspnetcore-3.1&tabs=visual-studio#test-the-app

I am getting a 404 error. This is not working for me.

My focus is dirt low.

I hate this.

I was prepared to learn HTML and TS/JS, but having these weird additions on the dotnet side, and having the IDE generate code is not my idea of programming. My immersion is horrible.

Ultimately, skill is something that is build from the ground up.

Forget learning complicated frameworks for the time being. I'll return to ASP.NET later. I can always look at the sample code for this to find out what is wrong.

I want and need to do this bottom up. Once you can trace what the program is doing every step of the way, then you can learn.

4:50pm. Incidentally, the inability to do this kind of learning is why I am so mad at modern math. Modern math is like these crappy framework tutorials. Do this, do that, magic happens and no whys are ever given.

The reason why Wildberger is a great lecturer is because he fundamentally understand what learning is about. He wants to integrate that understanding with what math itself should be. I am much the same. If I have a programming skill, I do want to generalize it. It is why I fell so hard for Spiral.

I am not just good at programming - I am programming. That is why I cannot abide by flaws in my technique. I am guessing math is the same for him.

4:55pm. Today seems like another botch. I should just move to a TS book, but tedium is really hitting me right now.

Once again, all this really shows how easy it is to go down the wrong path and cause time to be wasted. I really felt like I was getting flow back when I was reading the TS book. I need to get back to that.

5pm. Ouh...

But it really does seem like ASP.NET has a lot of what I would find useful. I need to level up first.

Uffff...this is the worst.

5:05pm. Let me do this - I'll give the first chapter of one of the TS books a try, so I can wisely spend whatever fuel I have left in me. "

---
## [ZVNexus/android_device_oneplus_oneplus3](https://github.com/ZVNexus/android_device_oneplus_oneplus3)@[b6cc97bf81...](https://github.com/ZVNexus/android_device_oneplus_oneplus3/commit/b6cc97bf81081bfca2d40bc91a5a79f664f23920)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 16:10:11 by Steve Kondik

op3: Support for OP3 camera modes

 * OnePlus decided that scene modes didn't really mean anything anymore
   and used them for mode switching in their camera HAL. That's fine,
   we can deal with it. And make new ones of our own.
 * This patch will set up a number of useful modes:
    - Auto: no magic besides lowlight fixups
    - ClearShot: the "Super" multi-frame composite algorithm
    - HDR: hipster shit
    - Best Shot: auto-HDR and scene detection
    - ChromaFlash: multi-frame night shot using flash
    - Burst: enables continuous shot mode by long-press shutter

Change-Id: I46090c3b4817afd7d10f63ef3ad0f4399410f546

---
## [SpaceNarin/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/SpaceNarin/BeeStation-Hornet)@[c47ab3a1ef...](https://github.com/SpaceNarin/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/c47ab3a1ef0fdbb1878a1d72536064fcee3855ff)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 17:16:06 by Cenrus

Merge pull request #44756 from Mickyan/dishdrive_stuff

The dish drive is a neat little machine but it has a few quirks that makes it a bit of a pain to use, so that's what I'm looking to fix.

Dish drive will still collect but no longer throw away your still perfectly usable dinnerware. Glasses are not disposable, despite what your average bar patron would like you to believe.

The bardrobe now sells a premium box with all the parts you need to build the dish drive (the board alone can still be found in the free category). Saves you the trouble of running around the station looking for parts instead of serving your patrons, but it's quite expensive. Make sure to tip your bartender.
cl
add: DIY Dish Drive Kit now available at your local bardrobe. Start saving those tips!
tweak: The Dish Drive no longer sends reusable items into the disposal bin
/cl

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[15cbbeb6c4...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/15cbbeb6c42b533521c3fbb78acb2d2d62618c67)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 18:03:37 by Marko Grdinić

"5:15pm. 14/546. "Or you are a functional programmer, and decided it was time to take your chops to the next level."

He has me there. I'll give him that.

5:30pm. 27/546. I should note, I am reading `Boris Cherny - Programming TypeScript-O’Reilly (2019)` at the moment. The other two TS books in my library are....`Francesco Abbruzzese - Hands-on TypeScript for C# and .NET Core Developers-Packt (2018)` and `Adam Freeman - Essential TypeScript-Apress (2019)`. The ASP.NET book I've been reading yesterday is `Jason De Oliveira, Michel Bruchet, Et al - Learn ASP.NET Core 3-Packt Publishing (27 Dec 2019)`.

So far, things are going breezily for me.

These are just the intro chapter. There is nothing much to learn for me here, so I'll go through this easily enough.

6pm. I had no idea you can run `.js` files via `node` directly. This is convenient. I took the chance to install `tslint` globally, and got the plugin for it. For some reason the book does not say that this is necessary even if it is.

Also, compile on save is not working for me for some reason. Restarting the editor does not do the trick like with VS.

6:10pm. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/29996145/visual-studio-code-compile-on-save

The stuff here works for me. Great!

Also I had no idea I could have just used `tsc --init` to initialize my project.

6:55pm. Done with lunch. I've made some headway into chapter 3. I'll go through it properly tomorrow. I need to force myself not to just skim it all.

Without a doubt this time I am on the right track. If somebody presented me that Tic Tac Toe app in TS and standard HTML I would have no trouble figuring it out. Towards the end of the book there will be some practical projects which will sate my hunger for learning. The last two weeks sucked, but hopefully I will learn something useful as I dive into Typescript.

7pm. Let me stop here for the day. I will make a more focused effort tomorrow."

---
## [oz90210/unicode-emoji-meta](https://github.com/oz90210/unicode-emoji-meta)@[529e720fd1...](https://github.com/oz90210/unicode-emoji-meta/commit/529e720fd1cfc345d3169ce0bb5d86aec73dfa9a)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 18:43:35 by oz90210

SOS

🔒⚛️🆔 JĖ💲⛎🏦♍️🅰️♑️🆔⚛️🆔♏️🅰️♊️☦️♓️🆔⚛️🔏🔐DOOM 😈🦹🏿‍♀️ EVIL 💩 SCAT 💩 🩸 SO CALLED “UN-UNITED TEMPLE SCATDOME OF INDIA 🇮🇳 IRELAND SCO 🇮🇪 SCOTLAND 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 = ILLGEALLY💩💩👹🍷🥤 INDIANS🩸 BLOOD 🎱 🏊‍♂️ POOLING 🍷 🥤 < ~👹👹🩸 💩💀💩🇮🇳 📧🩸💀👹💩💀💩 💀💀💀 🇨🇮💀🇨🇮💩💀💩🇮🇪💀🇮🇪💀🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿👹👹💀 🇯🇲💀🇮🇳 💀🇪🇹💀🏳️‍🌈 💀😈 👂🏻🗣👣👣👤👥SET🤑🤕i🤐🤐🤐🤐🤐
🤐🤐🤕🥺🥺🥺😖🔒🔐🔐🔓🔒🔒OFFICALLY SIGNED HOW DARE YOU CORRUPT UN-UNITED NATIONS OF THINKING  HMMMM... LETS “”KILL”” 🔒🔒🔒🔒🔒🔒GOD ☝🏾 OF OFFICALLY FULLY RECORDED SINCE MY 👑 🤴🏾 😇 👼🏾 PROPHECY OF ISLAMIC ISLAM🛕 ☪️ MUSLIM 🌠🌄🌅🎆🌇🌆🏯🏰📧🛰🗿🌁🌉🌌🌃🏙🗾🎑🌇📱📲🏛🏤🏪🏫🏩🕍💒🏥🏘🏘🏔🗻🗽🗼🏰🏯🏟⛲️🗿🛰🕋 🔒🔒🔒🔒🤔 🧐 💭 💵 💴🚓🚨🚑🚖🚕🚔🚕🚖🚑< ~ ILLGEAL LONDON AMBULANCE SJA DAILY EMAILS TOTALY DELIBRATE MEDICAL 🏥 FRUAD NHS 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿 ENGLAND CNWL (who Dr Amir Anis 2 Hunter Street Bloomsbury London ((Next Door 🚪 To CNWL NHS FOUNDATION TRUST CLINIC , TRAVISTOCK SQUARE(offical internal un-UNITED AIRLINES(9/11..Twin Towers Offically Preformed By UN-UNITED TEMPLE OF 🔒Offically caught during premeditated OF MY ENTIRE OFFICAL UNDER ALL WORLDWIDE PROTECTION ORDERS ACTS LAWS ORDERS SENTENCING COUNCILS JUDGES JURISDICTIONS LEGISLATION 🚨🚨🚨SOMEONE IMMEDIATELY BY WORLDWIDE OFFICIAL NEW 🌍 🌎🌏🚨🚨🚨 LEGACY  ALL FOUNDE🔒DOOM, RUSSEL SQUARE KINGS CROSS HOLBORN BEHIND THE UN-BRITISH LIBRARY 📚 THE UN-BRITISH MUSEUM  💀  📧 🚨🚓 💰  ~ >  🇺🇳

---
## [asfo/jobsity-challenge](https://github.com/asfo/jobsity-challenge)@[7b8746a317...](https://github.com/asfo/jobsity-challenge/commit/7b8746a3170f34897378fb296108202ecf780e60)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 19:04:51 by Asfo Zavala

Final release

I do this final release for version 1.0.1 to send it to the reviewers!. If I don't get into Jobsity, I had some fun by updating my knowledge about Laravel because I didn't do PHP code like in 2 years... and tested Ivy render and the new way the Angular compiler works on dev and I'm still in love with Angular. Also, I'm going to use this project to develop more in-depth Docker containers for my projects to make them a full development environment and at the same time include the production containers and stuff like that. Also, I learned a little bit more about SCSS or some tricks I didn't know. So, if I don't get into Jobsity, it doesn't matter, I enjoy the time I used creating this!.

Thanks!

---
## [Encapsule/holistic](https://github.com/Encapsule/holistic)@[e98739efe5...](https://github.com/Encapsule/holistic/commit/e98739efe51692877bef8bf46570e3747b378ea8)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 19:22:00 by Chris Russell

WIP: Restabilized but not 100% completely tested @encapsule/holarchy
CellModel ES6 class. I started serious testing on Friday. Got mired
in corner cases yesterday. Rewrote the graph merge algorithm after
sleeping this morning. And, now all the vectors I've completed so
far as passing. Still need to get all the corner case tests done
for CellModel. When you look at the implementation you'll begin
to understand why I do not think it's a great thing for developers
to try to configure an ObservableProcessController by hand...
In my head this evolving into something just... well, in my
mind's eye what I have always dreamed about. In code and tests,
it's actually getting pretty close...

---
## [000yesnt/testgame](https://github.com/000yesnt/testgame)@[55c73bcc99...](https://github.com/000yesnt/testgame/commit/55c73bcc9917e3d305a7c65a798a454477865cdd)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 21:09:28 by yeeeesnt

Merge branch 'master' of https://github.com/000yesnt/testgame

Git, I genuinely fucking hate you
Eat my shit you fucking shit
Just let me commit you fucking cunt

---
## [nwj/zeke](https://github.com/nwj/zeke)@[505ef80548...](https://github.com/nwj/zeke/commit/505ef80548ee1773df6b6b2ce8b5244643d868ac)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 21:18:58 by Nick Willett-Jeffries

Split out a library crate, add routing, add error handling

All of this appears to be a common pattern for organizing command line
programs in rust. Multiple tutorials suggest this organization, as does
the rust book itself.

I don't love the repetition of the 'magic' strings for the subcommands
and args, but can worry about a way to DRY that up later if necessary.

---
## [sygsky/Domination-for-Red-Engineers-server](https://github.com/sygsky/Domination-for-Red-Engineers-server)@[f283103d38...](https://github.com/sygsky/Domination-for-Red-Engineers-server/commit/f283103d389b1640add23206d49338557ac2fe98)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 21:22:47 by EngineerACE

Added more sounds for woman fuck, sorry, church voice

Signed-off-by: EngineerACE <temp4you@rambler.ru>

---
## [halotroop/Ginger3D](https://github.com/halotroop/Ginger3D)@[9632fc2f14...](https://github.com/halotroop/Ginger3D/commit/9632fc2f149234bba8710418063bc973e70d6bf2)
#### Sunday 2020-02-23 21:30:47 by halotroop2288

IGNORE THE GOD DAMN TARGET FOLDER HOLY SHIT ON A SHINGLE

---

# [<](2020-02-22.md) 2020-02-23 [>](2020-02-24.md)

