# [<](2020-12-05.md) 2020-12-06 [>](2020-12-07.md)

2,006,434 events, 1,182,360 push events, 1,654,807 commit messages, 91,347,191 characters


## [ca2/app](https://github.com/ca2/app)@[ef127acc0f...](https://github.com/ca2/app/commit/ef127acc0f30168d4c6bf3442dd4370cf085c9c7)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 00:43:28 by Camilo Sasuke Thomas Borregaard Sørensen

[Ubuntu20.10/Linux] CMake and CLion as Build/Development Alternative

<3tbs, Mummi and bilbo!!

Thomas ONE-MAN ABSOLUTE <3!!

Mummi Friday-late-night-aware-presence at Music Room!!

bilbo very tired at resting (and taking care of himself) at bed and now over the keyboard (my dear office boy)!!

sodapoppin and friends contribution!!

iAssyrian chatting contribution!!

Roxkstar74 sleeping streaming contribution!!

kissloryshy chatting contribution!!

blackjekko from Padova Italia through twitch C++/ca2 interest contribution!!

boflux (Ben, Spoofh, from Germany) chatting contribution!!

parrot_rl chatting contribution (from New Jersey)!!

JPCdk streaming contribution!!

whyyyyyyysoserious streaming chess contribution!!

crimewavezz chatting contribution!!

fpga_guru (vue_equalizer, Oliver from Deutsch)  C++/ca2 interest contribution!!

SovereignDev with Unreal streaming contribution!!

Myrkee, Ash_F0x and TimBeaudet streaming contribution!!

JessicaMak and marcobrunodev streaming contribution!!

alfredotigolo, mandrakenk and Okbatgames chatting contribution!!

jitspoe (till 18:10? Oct5), Endesga and Fearitself streaming contribution!!

tomrandall (till 19:10 Oct5) streaming Ludum contribution!!

vue_equalizer (fpga_guru) chatting contribution!!

Thiagovgamg chatting contribution!!

Naysayer88 and friends contribution!!

lelandkwong streaming contribution!!

Goldbargames streaming contribution!!

bytakos streaming contribution!!

Endesga streaming contribution!!

_XRA streaming contribution!!

Primeagen and friends streaming contribution!!

OfficialAndyPyro streaming contribution!!

taiyoinoue streaming contribution!!

Gimmyy@Twitch chatting contribution!!

strager and friends streaming contribution!!

Ash_F0x and JessicaMak streaming contribution!!

WTSRetro/SpiffyDane and Myrkee streaming contribution!!

Ninja and friends streaming contribution!!

erald_guri chatting contribution!!

lasteveq4 C++ interest chat contriubtion!!

cecilphillip and clarkio @"Microsoft Developer" streaming contribution!!

cmgriffing streaming contribution!!

oijtx streaming contribution!!

NorthSeaHero streaming contribution!!

Trainwreckstv and friends streaming contribution!!

-- hi5 contribution...!!

at Ubuntu 20.10 Dual Boot at eddie machine through Anydesk from bilbo running Windows 10 Pro!!

---
## [Amorymeltzer/wiki](https://github.com/Amorymeltzer/wiki)@[abcea743c3...](https://github.com/Amorymeltzer/wiki/commit/abcea743c3cd22e500f95d11fd5f1119597d89a5)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 03:22:38 by Amory Meltzer

crathighlighter: Fix for percent encoded urls???

God this shit is stupid

---
## [deancommasteven/dotfiles](https://github.com/deancommasteven/dotfiles)@[e8532e0bcb...](https://github.com/deancommasteven/dotfiles/commit/e8532e0bcbce0022af2a2b422b9619aca620e05c)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 04:09:49 by Steven Dean

Re-added .bash_profile because git is fucking stupid and refused to pull the damn file even though I wanted to it overwrite the local file. Fuck git

---
## [hey-shitass/shitass.tk](https://github.com/hey-shitass/shitass.tk)@[9243b1e409...](https://github.com/hey-shitass/shitass.tk/commit/9243b1e409cf73b4b197f141682577bb142d5431)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 05:49:26 by Kjartan Hrafnkelsson

Locale is now european english because fuck you and american imperialism

---
## [gregtuc/SmartHomeSimulator](https://github.com/gregtuc/SmartHomeSimulator)@[666c746522...](https://github.com/gregtuc/SmartHomeSimulator/commit/666c746522d2c17016f31ed6ce559697d2e7a974)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 06:47:38 by Adrien Kamran

Holy fuck, it takes 15 seconds to process this shit

---
## [msyed123/personalWebsite](https://github.com/msyed123/personalWebsite)@[a8373835fd...](https://github.com/msyed123/personalWebsite/commit/a8373835fd54f3205c828dc1c72e7981dd654f1b)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 06:49:50 by msyed123

Relative referencing is one of God's ways of punishing sin.

---
## [Beorseder/Evolve](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve)@[09f4178bcb...](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve/commit/09f4178bcb1034580e6460455d007f63a8655c78)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 07:45:44 by Beorseder

Assembled Bug Fixes

Metal Refinery:
Alternative string for Sappy now correctly displays on Metal Refineries when it should.
Fixed issue where Sheet Metal could appear as a resource from getting a Metal Refinery before any Foundries were built.

Vacuum Collapse:
Vacuum Collapse no longer removes a players Corrupted bonus entirely.
Dark Energy gained from Vacuum Collapse now properly contributes to the Dark Energy Earned stat. Current Dark Energy Earned is updated to account for any prior misalignment.

Wiki:
Both versions of Urban Planning no longer appear on the wiki, only the one that is currently applicable.
Electricity tech on the wiki now mentions that it unlocks the Power Grid tab.
Advanced Gun Emplacement tech on the wiki now mentions that it increases the effectiveness of Gate Turrets as well.
Wiki explanations of how to get The Misery, Crossed the Finish Line, and Garbage Pie now all mention that Demonic Infusion resets work for earning them.
Fixed a typo and incorrect value in a couple wiki strings.

Queue:
Queued ARPA projects now follow the same convention of designating "action" as the category it belongs to and "type" as the specific item being queued. Currently queued ARPA projects get their "action" and "type" corrected.
Queued Sheds/Barns will now update to their Barn/Warehouse versions when the appropriate research that changes their name is purchased. Same with queued Automated/Laser Turrets updating to Laser/Plasma Turrets.
Queued buildings and researches will now update their names upon switching languages.

Misc:
Evil races now have the Lumber Ritual hidden, as it does nothing for them. Currently assigned Lumber Rituals with Evil races get unassigned.
Rituals now tell now say how much they're boosting something by in their tooltips.
Plasmid, Anti-Plasmid, and Phage tooltips no longer incorrectly include the storage bonus from Harmonic Energy in their calclulation.
Fixed issue with Shrines not applying to Adamantite from Armed Mining Ships and displaying a much larger bonus than they were providing in the Adamantite tooltip.
Mega Factories now update the Industry page upon building them.
Fixed issue with Containers not appearing in resource Crate/Container modals after unlocking them from non-Container Port buildings.
Updated Pig Latin strings.

---
## [monimoys/Monimoy-Sanyal-s-Scripts-and-Tools](https://github.com/monimoys/Monimoy-Sanyal-s-Scripts-and-Tools)@[155eb9b3ef...](https://github.com/monimoys/Monimoy-Sanyal-s-Scripts-and-Tools/commit/155eb9b3ef384ac23c12aff7d87447a53a76f18e)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 08:33:57 by monimoys

Password Safe with AES 256-Bit Encryption

Surely, you all know about the application: KeyPass. For details, check the below:

KeePass Password Safe
https://keepass.info/

This is quite a handy-dandy tool, especially for end-users like me who struggle to remember different passwords for different applications.
Inspired by KeyPass, I decided to try my hand and write my own application, namely, PasswordSafe (PasswordSafe.exe). This application functions in a similar way as KeyPass. PasswordSafe does the same job, which is to encrypt and store your credentials (username and password) safely; thus, making it easy for you to use them as you need without having to remember all the credentials you have for all different applications and websites.

However, I admit that my application – PasswordSafe - is quite limited in the features and options it provides. I don’t intend to make a comparison between KeyPass and this application as there obviously cannot be any comparison.

PasswordSafe application compatibility
This application has been designed, developed and coded in Windows 7 SP1. After testing, it can be said that the application can run and is compatible with the following operating systems:

Client OS: Windows 7 SP1 or later. (It also runs fine on Windows 10)

Server OS: Windows 2008 R2, Windows Server 2012 R2 or later. (It also runs fine on Windows Server 2016)

Additionally, the computer on which this application is running must have some software (if Adobe Acrobat is not installed) which can open and read pdf files. The default file association for pdf files must be set to the same software. If Microsoft Office 2007 or later is installed, additional software for reading pdf files is not required. This application can re-use the feature of reading pdf files as available in Microsoft Office 2007 or later.

How to Use PasswordSafe
After you have downloaded the application (zip file), do the following:

a) Create a new folder, for example: C:\TestAppFolder
b) Extract (unzip) all contents and put them in the folder that you just newly created
c) You should see the exe file: PasswordSafe.exe and the help file: PasswordSafe_HelpFile.pdf
d) Read the help file once before you start to use the application
e) Execute the exe file: PasswordSafe.exe. Hope you enjoy using this application.
Anti-Virus Software Scanning Information
The anti-virus software installed and in use in the computer may issue a warning informing that this tool is not digitally signed. Please ignore such warning, as I have not digitally signed this tool. You may use this tool is your test lab and test machine first to satisfy yourself.

Disclaimer and Warranty Information
I do not provide warranty of any kind, either implicitly or explicitly, directly or indirectly, for this tool. The tool is provided AS IS without warranty of any kind. I further disclaim all implied warranties including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk arising out of the use or performance of the tool and documentation remains with you. In no event shall I be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the tool.

Feedback and Suggestions
Always welcome!! Please feel free to use and test this tool. Also please rate your experience in using this tool. You are most welcome to write to me with your comments, suggestions, feedback and bug reports at: monimoys@hotmail.com.

---
## [Mouloutouf/Predator-Official](https://github.com/Mouloutouf/Predator-Official)@[c052b291a0...](https://github.com/Mouloutouf/Predator-Official/commit/c052b291a04e7cde539eb3dd8fff6e38f83aa279)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 10:32:20 by Maxence

Base Grid System

Unity you absolute son of a bitch, it's absolutely impossible to work with your fucking UI Canvas and instantiation. It's the most time consuming and unoptimized feature I've ever worked with. I've got important things to do on the project and you bring that shit up? You think I got the fucking time to debug some fucking instantiation problems. Cause that's where we at now, cause of you.
God fucking damn it. You've literally wasted my whole morning. It'd better still be worth it in the long run.

---
## [Pcola129/ahgoverhaul](https://github.com/Pcola129/ahgoverhaul)@[7b56cc026c...](https://github.com/Pcola129/ahgoverhaul/commit/7b56cc026cc14aaefdff54a77d10627701a058c6)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 11:08:45 by BonkeyDonk

fuck you scryl you fucking cunt you could have removed fucking everyone but george fuck you and your wrong portrait size

---
## [fvwmorg/fvwm3](https://github.com/fvwmorg/fvwm3)@[7aad184baa...](https://github.com/fvwmorg/fvwm3/commit/7aad184baacd20497f702d539aa701f64cf5dc32)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 14:52:02 by Thomas Adam

FvwmEvent: comply better with the GPL

Although fvwm has been under the GPL for some time, certain part of fvwm
(especially around modules) which have had different contriutions from
different authors over the years, have meant that certain copyright
messages have remained.

These copyright messages which are subject to modification as long as
said message remains intact, goes against the spirit of the GPL.
Indeed, in speaking with the authors in question, such practises were
common before the GPL was established as a means of licensing/modifiying
software.

The following authors were contacted and their responses indicate
they're happy for FvwmEvent's copyright notices to change:

* Mark Scott (2020-11-23):

	Thomas,

	Wow, it’s great to hear from someone keeping that old code alive!  I
	honestly had forgotten about ever even writing that code. 😊  You are
	sure welcome to do whatever you like with that code base.

	I hereby release all copyright claims to any FvwmSound or FvwmAudio
	related code. Feel free to re-license it under GPL or any other license
	you feel appropriate.

* Mark Boyns (2020-11-23):

	Hi Thomas, you found the correct Mark. You have my permission to update
	the license as needed. Good luck with fvwm and your open source
	projects.

This change therefore removes the explicit copyright notices regarding
the behaviour of the copyright notices, but still firmly records their
contributions to FvwmSound/FvwmEvent.

The man page has been updated to reflect this as well.

---
## [atillabalin/WebDevSep](https://github.com/atillabalin/WebDevSep)@[e75e926a34...](https://github.com/atillabalin/WebDevSep/commit/e75e926a34bdc8efd13779c2c0e31633b76a7fd0)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 15:19:52 by atillabalin

Update README.md

at first, he said he accepts his girlfriend is a single mom, then he realized he couldn't then he betrayed his girlfriend. When her girlfriend saw a woman called him on a video call. he was lying to her that was his high school friends. and she gonna get marry~~!!! woo.. his girlfriend trusted him. then nowaday she finally finds out all of his lies~
that girl he met on his Twitter randomly~ and just affair with her.
now everyone knows this guy is a cheater
and he also said a lot about his mother~ he is just a two-faced man
for those years from 2017 to 2020, his girlfriend trusted him n fly to Belgium for him many times but in the end, he is cheating and he still blames his girlfriend because she is a single mother. and even though he knew how his girlfriend has been through~ he is doing the same~ and whenever they have argued, he puts the girl past to abuse

---
## [LordIsNoob/lordisnoob.github.io](https://github.com/LordIsNoob/lordisnoob.github.io)@[d57cb8913b...](https://github.com/LordIsNoob/lordisnoob.github.io/commit/d57cb8913b8692998f04b6e5aa6840f1227969c8)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 20:01:44 by skylord0001

Update temi.html

I made it for my girlfriend that always brake my heart and allows the free flow of blood away from my intestines

---
## [sfierxyz/proprietary_vendor_xiaomi](https://github.com/sfierxyz/proprietary_vendor_xiaomi)@[423eeca4dc...](https://github.com/sfierxyz/proprietary_vendor_xiaomi/commit/423eeca4dcc5b9b5ca3fa14699d8907e7d3fda35)
#### Sunday 2020-12-06 21:55:30 by DillerOFire

sdm660-common: Update color blobs from LA.UM.8.2.1.r1-05600-sdm660

This should fix night light
Yeah I'm stupid, I really thinks when livedisplay doesn't change color,
I should search blobs with color keyword

---

# [<](2020-12-05.md) 2020-12-06 [>](2020-12-07.md)

