# [<](2020-12-12.md) 2020-12-13 [>](2020-12-14.md)

2,778,245 events, 1,196,072 push events, 1,758,746 commit messages, 114,245,714 characters


## [CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole)@[68d983dfaf...](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole/commit/68d983dfafa66b62f5ef8fd1736a3c77947dc2cb)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 00:45:50 by frick-nedrickson

Update silhouette shaders ahead of documentation

I was starting to write documentation for the shaders when I realized:
the silhouette shaders were poorly structured.

Firstly, the texture input for the silhouette shaders wasn't a texture
uniform, so the name was something like "Tex Frg 04". That wasn't very
documentation friendly, so it needed to be replaced with a "Viewport
Texture" Uniform value.

Secondly, the color black was being eliminated from the sprites as
alpha. It occurred to me that black will probably be a pretty common
color for sprites, so I should REALLY do something about that.

That meant changing the Silhouette camera with a brand new Environment
resource - the SilhouetteWorldEnvironment. The key difference between
this environment and our SceneDefaultEnvironment is the
hot-pink/magenta background color (#ff00ff).

With the background color unusually bright and distinct, I added a new
color uniform to both Silhouette shaders - the "Alpha Color". This
controls what color gets alpha'd out, just in case we have a desparate
need to use magenta in a sprite.

This makes our silhouette shaders much easier to work with and
understand.

---
## [Hickacou/Tofu](https://github.com/Hickacou/Tofu)@[ba061230c9...](https://github.com/Hickacou/Tofu/commit/ba061230c9f80ee68144bbf9afffdec1d6c660e0)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 01:12:52 by Pudding Mangue

fuck you

build(deps): bump ini from 1.3.5 to 1.3.8

---
## [SanyaWaffles/ScootHardDX](https://github.com/SanyaWaffles/ScootHardDX)@[e39c842d18...](https://github.com/SanyaWaffles/ScootHardDX/commit/e39c842d187e2c7afe693a202545895c67cd49ec)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 03:26:26 by SanyaWaffles

Add more sprites with rotations for Male and Female Low Guards, and Male High Guard. Remove Female High Guard for now as she is currently unvoiced, and seems like she is unused as well (everyone seems to have used Random High Guard, which I have assigned the Male High Guard type). Next up is the pegapol... oh boy I am not looking forward to this asshole.

---
## [tgstation/common_core](https://github.com/tgstation/common_core)@[e774fd04c3...](https://github.com/tgstation/common_core/commit/e774fd04c3bfe0f22c3651fc4676d8896369bdde)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 03:51:33 by Ryll Ryll

Adds lore about the long term effects of plasma (#12)

This is something I've wanted to do for a while, introducing some kind of hidden long term effects to plasma exposure, similar to asbestos and coal dust. I think this is something that could have additional juice for fleshing out down the roads, maybe adding body horror components to extreme exposure.

There are 3 main goals of this addition

    Add something to the setting that even the NT leadership is unsure and afraid about, and that they are suffering from the same as the crew: I think it helps humanize NT's leadership on the Periphery (separate from their offices back home) and add a proper element of corporate skullduggery (command is hiding something from you, but the reality is they don't really know what to do about it either) while also adding a big picture tension to some of the decisions command makes compromising between crew/their own safety and profit
    Give crewmembers who are supposed to be otherwise lawful good an excuse to cave heads in once in a while and have a reason that they can do so and still consider themselves a good person (the callousness caused by the decay means they may not dwell on killing someone in even a justified self defense the same way a normal person would unless it was pointed out to them)
    Reinforce SS13 as a morally toxic environment that compromises the people in it just by existing in it: The most interesting part of characters and settings to me is their conflicts, and I want to provide some kind of inherent reason that people should want to stay away from SS13, to force people to come up with some kind of excuse for why they continue to stay there. Whether it's because the money is too good to pass up, because they have nowhere else to go that would take them, because they tell themselves they're "saving" the souls of their coworkers, or whatever else, I think having to come up with something about their job making the toxicity that comes with it worth it would be valuable for fleshing out characters.

---
## [RaenonX-DL/dragalia-data-parse](https://github.com/RaenonX-DL/dragalia-data-parse)@[57688fec8f...](https://github.com/RaenonX-DL/dragalia-data-parse/commit/57688fec8f9091697fdeab4abad37db8312052fa)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 07:41:02 by RaenonX

ADD - Parse Nadine S1

Fuck you Nadine

Signed-off-by: RaenonX <raenonx0710@gmail.com>

---
## [gtarpenning/poker-ml](https://github.com/gtarpenning/poker-ml)@[48aff79c55...](https://github.com/gtarpenning/poker-ml/commit/48aff79c55464bba57504fbd25203394b1fc9830)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 09:01:46 by gtarpenning

holy fuck ive never seen a bigger shitshow than this repo LMAO

---
## [nazunamoe/Nanahira_Kernel](https://github.com/nazunamoe/Nanahira_Kernel)@[ea1a0e670f...](https://github.com/nazunamoe/Nanahira_Kernel/commit/ea1a0e670fabfbd94a6c5457051c91306a43ab30)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 09:32:48 by Jan Alexander Steffens (heftig)

ZEN: Implement zen-tune v4.20 over v4.14-arm64

4.9:
In a surprising turn of events, while benchmarking and testing
hierarchical scheduling with BFQ + writeback throttling, it turns out
that raising the number of requests in queue _actually_ improves
responsiveness and completely eliminates the random stalls that would
normally occur without hierarchical scheduling.

To make this test more intense, I used the following test:

Rotational disk1: rsync -a /source/of/data /target/to/disk1
Rotational disk2: rsync -a /source/of/data /target/to/disk2

And periodically attempted to write super fast with:
dd if=/dev/zero of=/target/to/disk1/block bs=4096

This wrote 10gb incredibly fast to writeback and I encountered zero
stalls through this entire test of 10-15 minutes.

My suspicion is that with cgroups, BFQ is more able to properly sort
among multiple drives, reducing the chance of a starved process.  This
plus writeback throttling completely eliminate any outstanding bugs with
high writeback ratios, letting the user enjoy low latency writes
(application thinks they're already done), and super high throughput due
to batched writes in writeback.

Please note however, without the following configuration, I cannot
guarantee you will not get stalls:

CONFIG_BLK_CGROUP=y
CONFIG_CGROUP_WRITEBACK=y
CONFIG_IOSCHED_CFQ=y
CONFIG_CFQ_GROUP_IOSCHED=y
CONFIG_IOSCHED_BFQ=y
CONFIG_BFQ_GROUP_IOSCHED=y
CONFIG_DEFAULT_BFQ=y
CONFIG_SCSI_MQ_DEFAULT=n

Special thanks to h2, author of smxi and inxi, for providing evidence
that a configuration specific to Debian did not cause stalls found the
Liquorix kernels under heavy IO load.  This specific configuration
turned out to be hierarchical scheduling on CFQ (thus, BFQ as well).

4.10:
During some personal testing with the Dolphin emulator, MuQSS has
serious problems scaling its frequencies causing poor performance where
boosting the CPU frequencies would have fixed them.  Reducing the
up_threshold to 45 with MuQSS appears to fix the issue, letting the
introduction to "Star Wars: Rogue Leader" run at 100% speed versus about
80% on my test system.

Also, lets refactor the definitions and include some indentation to help
the reader discern what the scope of all the macros are.

4.11:
Increase MICRO_FREQUENCY_UP_THRESHOLD from 95 to 85
Increase MIN_FREQUENCY_UP_THRESHOLD from 11 to 6

These changes should help make using CFS feel a bit more responsive when
working with mostly idle workloads, browsing the web, scrolling through
text, etc.

Increasing the minimum frequency up threshold to 6% may be too
aggressive though.  Will revert this setting if it causes significant
battery drain.

4.12:
Make bfq the default MQ scheduler

Reduce default sampling down factor from 10 to 1

With the world eventually moving to a more laptop heavy configuration,
it's getting more important that we can reduce our frequencies quickly
after performing work.  This is normal with a ton of background
processes that need to perform burst work then sleep.

Since this doesn't really impact performance too much, lets not keep it
part of ZEN_INTERACTIVE.

Some time ago, the minimum frequency up threshold was set to 1 by
default, but the zen configuration was never updated to take advantage
of it.

Remove custom MIN_FREQUENCY_UP_THRESHOLD for MuQSS / ZEN_INTERACTIVE
configurations and make 1 the default for all choices.

4.18:
Prefer bfq-mq when available if zen interactive is enabled

The bfq-mq elevator is typically one major kernel version ahead in
optimizations and bug fixes due to early access patches in the
algodev/bfq-mq github repository.  Since these patches are typically low
risk and almost always improve performance and/or increase stability,
prefer bfq-mq over bfq when available.

Switch from MuQSS to PDS-mq.

4.19:
Switch from PDS-mq back to MuQSS

4.20:
During some experimentation to influence MuQSS into consolidating strong
single threaded workloads to single cores, I found that the up_threshold
just ends up forcing all cores to run at a higher frequency.

Instead, raising up_threshold back to defaults (95 with micro sampling),
and raising the sampling down factor to 5, the individual cores MuQSS
selects (typically the first few), tend to properly stick to their max
speed and because they complete their tasks faster, MuQSS selects them
again to for the earliest eligible deadline, causing a reciprocal cycle
that improves single thread performance.

Completely fair scheduler (CFS), never really had this issue, but we'll
leave sampling down factor high with CONFIG_ZEN_INTERACTIVE since it'll
benefit CFS users that want higher performance anyway.

Raise minimum CFS latency to 4ms to match 250hz configs.
Raise minimum MuQSS latency to 4ms to match 250hz configs.

Use [defer+madvise] as default khugepaged defrag strategy:

For some reason, the default strategy to respond to THP fault fallbacks
is still just madvise, meaning stall if the program wants transparent
hugepages, but don't trigger a background reclaim / compaction if THP
begins to fail allocations.  This creates a snowball affect where we
still use the THP code paths, but we almost always fail once a system
has been active and busy for a while.

The option "defer" was created for interactive systems where THP can
still improve performance.  If we have to fallback to a regular page due
to an allocation failure or anything else, we will trigger a background
reclaim and compaction so future THP attempts succeed and previous
attempts eventually have their smaller pages combined without stalling
running applications.

We still want madvise to stall applications that explicitely want THP,
so defer+madvise _does_ make a ton of sense.  Make it the default for
interactive systems, especially if the kernel maintainer left
transparent hugepages on "always".

Reasoning and details in the original patch: https://lwn.net/Articles/711248/

Add a scheduler even to multi-queue block devices:
We prefer interactivity to throughput and want BFQ if possible.

Signed-off-by: Albert I <kras@raphielgang.org>
Signed-off-by: Panchajanya1999 <panchajanya@azure-dev.live>

---
## [ResurrectionRemix-Devices/kernel_samsung_klte-common](https://github.com/ResurrectionRemix-Devices/kernel_samsung_klte-common)@[9a18b2fd1d...](https://github.com/ResurrectionRemix-Devices/kernel_samsung_klte-common/commit/9a18b2fd1d99c3fe015f87728c12d6b5ff1e5ca8)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 09:49:19 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, fslmc, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here
     Add of to avoid backporting two larger patches]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
[haggertk: Backport to 3.4. Omit cpu, hdaudio, ipack, mei, mipscdmm,
 rapidio, ulpi]
Signed-off-by: Kevin F. Haggerty <haggertk@lineageos.org>
Change-Id: Ic632eaa7777338109f80c76535e67917f5b9761c
Signed-off-by: FiestaLake <FiestaLake@protonmail.com>

---
## [Inesteem/AdventOfCode](https://github.com/Inesteem/AdventOfCode)@[fcba146df8...](https://github.com/Inesteem/AdventOfCode/commit/fcba146df8da097dd62fffed66a42cf62638db13)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 11:12:29 by Lucifer

holy shit, rust generics are a fucking pain in the ass :(

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9f462a445d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9f462a445d310e3b60b21d5baf6ab2a3cca2bf33)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 11:46:36 by Marko Grdinić

"10:25am. Even though I got up just now, I became awake at least an hour ago, but I was too groggy to get up. I am still groggy. Let me chill for a while and only then will I start.

11:05am. Enough slacking. Let me do some programming.

I got over my grogginess. Now it is time that I figure out that prepass bug.

11:10am.

```fs
type ResolveEnv = Map<int,Set<Id>>
let resolve_recursive_free_vars env =
    Map.fold (fun (env : ResolveEnv) k v ->
        let has_visited = HashSet()
        let rec f s k v = if has_visited.Add(k) then Set.fold (fun s k -> if k < 0 then f s k env.[k] else Set.add k s) s v else s
        Map.add k (f Set.empty k v) env
        ) env env
```

Ack, this is nasty. It is not propagating type variables at all when it comes to recursives.

```fs
type ResolveEnv = Map<int, {|term : Set<Id>; ty : Set<Id> |}>
```

Let me make it like this.

```fs
let resolve_recursive_free_vars env =
    Map.fold (fun (env : ResolveEnv) k v ->
        let has_visited = HashSet()
        let rec f s k v = if has_visited.Add(k) then Set.fold (fun s k -> if k < 0 then f s k env.[k] else Set.add k s) s v else s
        Map.add k (f Set.empty k v) env
        ) env env
```

Now let me redesign this.

11:25am.

```fs
type ResolveEnvValue = {|term : Set<Id>; ty : Set<Id> |}
type ResolveEnv = Map<int, ResolveEnvValue>
let resolve_recursive_free_vars env =
    Map.fold (fun (env : ResolveEnv) k v ->
        let has_visited = HashSet()
        let rec f (s : ResolveEnvValue) k v =
            if has_visited.Add(k) then
                let s = Set.fold (fun s k -> if k < 0 then f s k env.[k] else {|s with term = Set.add k s.term|}) s v.term
                Set.fold (fun s k -> {|s with ty = Set.add k s.ty|}) s v.ty
            else s
        Map.add k (f {|term=Set.empty; ty=Set.empty|} k v) env
        ) env env
```

Had to think about this for a bit, but this seems right.

11:30am.

```fs
    let subst' (env : ResolveEnv) (x : PropagatedVars) : PropagatedVars =
        let f s x =
            if x < 0 then
                match Map.tryFind x env with
                | Some x -> Set.union s x
                | None -> Set.add x s
            else Set.add x s
        let fv_term = Set.fold f Set.empty x.term.vars
        {x with term = {|x.term with vars = fv_term|} }
```

There is a bunch of red elsewhere now. I need to think about this.

11:35am.

```fs
    let subst' (env : ResolveEnv) (x : PropagatedVars) : PropagatedVars =
        let f (s : ResolveEnvValue) x =
            if x < 0 then
                match Map.tryFind x env with
                | Some x -> {|term=Set.union s.term x.term; ty=Set.union s.ty x.ty|}
                | None -> {|s with term=Set.add x s.term|} // TODO: Should this case be a compiler error?
            else {|s with term=Set.add x s.term|}
        let fv = Set.fold f {|term=Set.empty; ty=Set.empty|} x.term.vars
        {x with term = {|x.term with vars = fv.term|}; ty = {|x.ty with vars = fv.ty|} }
```

Let me make this case a compiler error.

...Ah, no.

```fs
            let l =
                List.fold (fun s (id,body) ->
                    let x = subst' env scope.[body]
                    Map.add id x.term.vars s
                    ) Map.empty a
                |> resolve_recursive_free_vars
```

Here I do an initial substitution step for whatever reason.

12:05pm. I had to think about this for a while.

```fs
        | ERecBlock(r,a,b) ->
            let env =
                let l =
                    List.fold (fun s (id,body) ->
                        let x = subst' env scope.[body]
                        Map.add id {|term=x.term.vars; ty=x.ty.vars|} s
                        ) Map.empty a
                    |> resolve_recursive_free_vars
                Map.foldBack Map.add l env
            a |> List.iter (fun (id,body) ->
                scope.[body] <-
                    let x = env.[id]
                    let v = scope.[body]
                    {v with term = {|v.term with vars = x.term |}; ty = {|v.ty with vars=x.ty|} }
                term env body
                )
            term env b
```

This should be fine. Let me go with this.

Let me try running it.

```
Server bound to: tcp://*:13805
Unhandled exception: System.NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object.
   at Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.adj_ty@374.Invoke(LowerEnv env, Int32 i) in C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\The Spiral Language v0.2 (typechecking)\Prepass.fs:line 374
   at Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.ty@468-15.Invoke(LowerEnv env, T x) in C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\The Spiral Language v0.2 (typechecking)\Prepass.fs:line 478
   at Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.term@377-44.Invoke(LowerEnv env, E x) in C:\Users\Marko\Source\Repos\The Spiral Language\The Spiral Language v0.2 (typechecking)\Prepass.fs:line 396
```

I am getting an exception.

```
let adj_ty (env : LowerEnv) i = i + env.ty.adj.Value
```

This is here. Hmmm, am I missing something.

```fs
| TV i -> match Map.tryFind i env.ty.var with Some i -> i | None -> TV(adj i)
```

It goes from here, but for TVs, they should always be adjusted. The env here is just for recursives right?

12:20pm. No the regular bound vars should also be in the env...

```fs
        | TArrow(a,b) ->
            let scope, env = scope env x
            TArrow'(scope,adj_ty env a,ty env b)
```

Or maybe not...

No, they should be adjusted as well.

Let me check out propagate again.

```fs
| TArrow(i,a) as x -> scope x (ty a -. i)
```

Hmmm....

I have no idea. Let me try running this again and printing out the env.

```fs
i = 0
env.ty = { adj = None
  var = map [] }
```

Let me check out the trace more carefully.

12:30pm. Ah, fuck. Let me stop here. I cannot figure it out. This is so complicated. This error boggles my mind.

Instead of focusing on the current test, I should go from the top just to make sure that everything is sound and I haven't broken anything inadvertedly.

Let me do that now, and I'll stop for breakfast.

```
// Does basic addition produce anything?
inl (+) forall t {number}. (q : t) (w : t): t = !!!!Add(q,w)
inl main () =
    inl ~a = 1
    inl ~b = 2
    a + b : i32
```

Good news, the third test crashes. That will make figuring out how I broke this much easier.

I'll skip making a commit right now as I want to keep around the old version for reference.

12:35pm. It is bizzare. I only changed resolve. How could this kind of error be happening?

```
    let subst' (env : ResolveEnv) (x : PropagatedVars) : PropagatedVars =
        let f (s : ResolveEnvValue) x =
            if x < 0 then
                match Map.tryFind x env with
                | Some x -> {|term=Set.union s.term x.term; ty=Set.union s.ty x.ty|}
                | None -> {|s with term=Set.add x s.term|}
            else {|s with term=Set.add x s.term|}
        let fv = Set.fold f {|term=Set.empty; ty=Set.empty|} x.term.vars
        {x with term = {|x.term with vars = fv.term|}; ty = {|x.ty with vars = fv.ty|} }
```

Hmmm, I might be invalidating the original ty here. Yeah, that has to be it. Let me give fixing this a try.

```fs
    let subst' (env : ResolveEnv) (x : PropagatedVars) : PropagatedVars =
        let f (s : ResolveEnvValue) x =
            if x < 0 then
                match Map.tryFind x env with
                | Some x -> {|term=Set.union s.term x.term; ty=Set.union s.ty x.ty|}
                | None -> {|s with term=Set.add x s.term|}
            else {|s with term=Set.add x s.term|}
        let fv = Set.fold f {|term=Set.empty; ty=Set.empty|} x.term.vars
        {x with term = {|x.term with vars = fv.term|}; ty = {|x.ty with vars = Set.union fv.ty x.ty.vars|} }
```

Let me do it like this.

12:40pm.

```
open list
inl main () =
    inl ~x = Nil : list i32
    fold (+) 0i32 x : i32
```

```fs
type UH0 =
    | UH0_0 of int32 * UH0
    | UH0_1
let rec method1 (v0 : int32) : int32 =
    v0
and method0 (v0 : int32, v1 : int32, v2 : UH0) : int32 =
    let v3 : int32 = v0 + v1
    match v2 with
    | UH0_0(v4, v5) -> (* cons_ *)
        method0(v3, v4, v5)
    | UH0_1 -> (* nil *)
        method1(v3)
let v0 : UH0 = UH0_1
let v1 : int32 = 0
match v0 with
| UH0_0(v2, v3) -> (* cons_ *)
    method0(v1, v2, v3)
| UH0_1 -> (* nil *)
    method1(v1)
```

It works! I really need to fix the scheme of pushing in the join points. Just inserting them as deeply as possible is not a good strategy. The generated code here is awkward and not what the user would expect.

Also don't forget that `list.fold` error from yesterday.

After I deal with that, I'll move to the prototype tests. I think now that I have done this, I can be decently convident in union types. Though I should do another test or two just to cement it.

Let me have breakfast here."

---
## [evilwombat/stm-bmc](https://github.com/evilwombat/stm-bmc)@[57e3237a12...](https://github.com/evilwombat/stm-bmc/commit/57e3237a1283ee57e9e273db8303d966e800a896)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 13:06:45 by evilwombat

Oh fucking hell. Transfer timings.

Signed-off-by: evilwombat <evilwombat@peregrine.local>

---
## [evilwombat/stm-bmc](https://github.com/evilwombat/stm-bmc)@[9154c98e09...](https://github.com/evilwombat/stm-bmc/commit/9154c98e09d3f3a2fa9823a49137bfad75f9767d)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 13:06:45 by evilwombat

Read/write, but timings are still kinda fucked??

Signed-off-by: evilwombat <evilwombat@peregrine.local>

---
## [e3-cerruti/AoC2020](https://github.com/e3-cerruti/AoC2020)@[44b2faff2e...](https://github.com/e3-cerruti/AoC2020/commit/44b2faff2e9877a1af3b0ed1ef1f65b138d5b42b)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 18:24:20 by Stephen Cerruti

Day 13 Shuttle Search

I wrote dirty code last night and then refactored it from the Python solution this morning. I've left my old code in this commit for humility. I am still struggling a lot with type conversions between ints and longs when dealing with Streams.

---
## [tocchan/aoc](https://github.com/tocchan/aoc)@[141515e090...](https://github.com/tocchan/aoc/commit/141515e090478fb578e3e9131145dfddc9445e22)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 19:10:10 by Chris Forseth

FUCK YEAH TAKE THAT YOU STUPID PRIME FACTORIZATION PROBLEM!

---
## [snuggly-plushy/btot](https://github.com/snuggly-plushy/btot)@[4bb4064ece...](https://github.com/snuggly-plushy/btot/commit/4bb4064ece5727361e3fc1d4845bacb7584b01fe)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 19:35:21 by snuggly-plushy

Apply public domain license

Various portions of the `btot' codebase are so small such that licensing
them under the GPL is basically overkill. Normally, placing such small
portions of code into the public domain works, but the concept of the
public domain does not hold up on an international scale.

Thus, this software package uses the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public
License Version 2 as published by Sam Hocevar for any small piece of
code in the codebase. This license is the closest thing to the public
domain for the international scale, and should help contributors who
live outside the United States avoid any legal trouble.

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[0e2a3fee8a...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/0e2a3fee8a1512af4a070da093d88f98a39455d3)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 23:10:31 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 12/13/2020 11:00:00 PM

 1. Added: Star Wars - Boba Fett Helmet, Limited Edition by SWAROVSKI
    (https://www.swarovski.com/en-US/p-5396304/Star-Wars-Boba-Fett-Helmet-Limited-Edition/)
 2. Added: Clean architecture: Domain-driven design, part 1 -
    (https://ddimitrov.dev/2020/12/13/domain-driven-design-and-clean-architecture/)
 3. Added: LYWE, a better alternative to FIRE
    (https://www.aswathkrishnan.com/2020/12/lywe-alternative-framing-of-fire.html)
 4. Added: 285976 - consider making use of aReason argument of nsIHelperAppLauncherDialog::show
    (https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=285976#c4)
 5. Added: Porting Projects to .NET 5
    (https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/dotnetConf/2020/Porting-Projects-to-NET-5?hss_channel=tw-2384354214)
 6. Added: Open Source Cookbook
    (https://microsoft.github.io/DevCookbook/)
 7. Added: mimoo/bitcoinlottery
    (https://github.com/mimoo/bitcoinlottery/tree/master/k8s-deployment)
 8. Added: CodingAfterWork - Twitch
    (https://www.twitch.tv/codingafterwork)
 9. Added: Codecamp - Your IT Conference in Romania
    (https://codecamp.ro/dot-net-conference-saint-nick#register)
10. Added: chrissainty/ddd-2020
    (https://github.com/chrissainty/ddd-2020)
11. Added: Introducing F# 5
    (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MPlVE8WdD-0)
12. Added: r/dotnet - What logging Framework do you use?
    (https://www.reddit.com/r/dotnet/comments/kbp3w6/what_logging_framework_do_you_use/)
13. Added: Beware “Amazon’s Choice” – Brian Bien
    (https://brianbien.com/beware-amazons-choice/)
14. Added: GraphQL Schema Design
    (https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/On-NET/GraphQL-Schema-Design?WT.mc_id=dotnet-00000-cephilli)
15. Added: On .NET Live - Intro to Microservice Patterns for .NET Developers
    (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zW4INO353Xg)
16. Added: dotnet-foundation/ecosystem-growth
    (https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/ecosystem-growth/blob/main/docs/theme.md#grow-the-set-of-trusted-libraries-that-arent-controlled-by-microsoft)
17. Added: mimoo/bitcoinlottery
    (https://github.com/mimoo/bitcoinlottery/blob/master/app/docker-compose.yml)
18. Added: Zodiac Killer cipher is cracked after eluding sleuths for 51 years
    (https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2020/12/zodiac-killer-cipher-is-cracked-after-eluding-sleuths-for-51-years/?utm_social-type=owned)
19. Added: From .NET Standard to .NET 5
    (https://www.codemag.com/article/2010022)
20. Added: Belarus Blocks Land Border Exits - The Moscow Times
    (https://www.themoscowtimes.com/2020/12/10/belarus-blocks-land-border-exits-a72303)
21. Added: Hard work is irritating
    (https://oldmanrahul.com/2020/12/13/hard-work-is-irritating/)
22. Added: DDD Leaders: Building a project with freelancers
    (https://www.meetup.com/en-AU/DDD-Melbourne-By-Night/events/275113423/)
23. Added: .NET Development on Apple Silicon – .NET Tools Blog | JetBrains
    (https://blog.jetbrains.com/dotnet/2020/12/11/net-development-on-apple-silicon/)
24. Added: https://mcspeedrun.com/dream.pdf
    (https://mcspeedrun.com/dream.pdf)
25. Added: Quantum-Computing Pioneer Warns Of Complacency Over Internet Security
    (https://www.cryptologie.net/links/link/2429)
26. Added: Weekly Update 221
    (https://www.troyhunt.com/weekly-update-221/)
27. Added: Fast AF Fourier Transform (FafFT) | Conrad Ludgate
    (https://conradludgate.com/posts/fft/)
28. Added: Ecc 2020 Panel "recent Trends In (Ecc) Crypto
    (https://www.cryptologie.net/links/link/2430)
29. Added: Step 4 - Using passwords to protect your data
    (https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/collection/small-business-guide/using-passwords-protect-your-data)
30. Added: dotnet-foundation/ecosystem-growth
    (https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/ecosystem-growth)
31. Added: Bletris - Blazor Tetris - BuiltWithDot.Net
    (https://builtwithdot.net/project/183/blazor-experimental-tetris-bletris)
32. Added: Spondias dulcis - Wikipedia
    (https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spondias_dulcis)
33. Added: What's new in ASP.NET Core 5.0
    (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/release-notes/aspnetcore-5.0?WT.mc_id=dotnet-00000-cephilli&view=aspnetcore-5.0)
34. Added: Migrating a Windows Forms App to Blazor: The Amazing and True Story of GIFBot
    (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NRDdu67VJH0)
35. Added: We Got My Grandma a Facebook Portal & It’s Been the Best Gift for This Weird Holiday Season
    (https://www.purewow.com/family/facebook-portal-review)
36. Added: Dustin Davis's Family Fund, organized by Alphaspeed Gofund Me
    (https://www.gofundme.com/f/dustin-davis039s-family-fund)
37. Added: An M1 Mac vs the Surface Pro X: How do ARM devices compare?
    (https://ianbetteridge.com/2020/12/13/an-m1-mac-vs-the-surface-pro-x-how-do-arm-devices-compare/)
38. Added: Dec 10: Jeremy Likness - What’s new in EF Core 5.0
    (https://www.meetup.com/ONETUG/events/274521896/)
39. Added: Notes on Learning Languages
    (https://lukesmith.xyz/articles/learning-languages)
40. Added: A House Dividing?
    (https://americanmind.org/features/a-house-dividing/)
41. Added: Listen to Audible on Apple devices | Audible.com
    (https://www.audible.com/ep/apple)
42. Added: A Book Like Foo
    (https://abooklikefoo.com/escape/)
43. Added: Introducing Community Edition
    (https://blog.duendesoftware.com/posts/20201210_community_edition/)
44. Added: Porting Projects to .NET 5
    (https://channel9.msdn.com/Events/dotnetConf/2020/Porting-Projects-to-NET-5/player)
45. Added: The Separation
    (https://americanmind.org/features/a-house-dividing/the-separation/)
46. Added: Lazy Dependency Injection for .NET
    (https://dev.to/hypercodeplace/lazy-dependency-injection-37en)
47. Added: Statistics and Saving Lives - with Jennifer Rogers — The Numberphile Podcast
    (https://overcast.fm/+PWLnx4Hjs)
48. Added: Ariel Gabizon On His Work With Zksnarks And The Beauty Of Math
    (https://www.cryptologie.net/links/link/2431)
49. Added: Microsoft Developer UK @msdevUK
    (https://www.pscp.tv/w/cqMlnTFXTEVST0JHQkRSUWJ8MWRqR1hxeldCbU9KWupJXzWvGLXijDxG45uzkEg2A3YM17dqEDDDvyiWZq09)
50. Added: What’s the Value of Hackable Hardware, Anyway? « bunnie's blog
    (https://www.bunniestudios.com/blog/?p=6031)
51. Added: Developer! Developer! Developer! Day
    (https://www.developerdeveloperdeveloper.com/)
52. Added: ‎The Numberphile Podcast: Statistics and Saving Lives - with Jennifer Rogers on Apple Podcasts
    (https://podcasts.apple.com/gb/podcast/the-numberphile-podcast/id1441474794?i=1000502102456)
53. Added: GraphQL Schema Design | Channel 9
    (https://channel9.msdn.com/Shows/On-NET/GraphQL-Schema-Design/player)
54. Added: Government IT Solutions | SolarWinds
    (https://www.solarwinds.com/federal-government/it-management-solutions-for-government)
55. Added: M1 and iOS Apps – Two Birds One Stone
    (https://ideationapps.com/2020/12/13/m1-and-ios-apps/)
56. Added: Why self-learning is important as a developer
    (https://tipjarr.net/post/Why-self-learning-is-important-for-developers)

Generation took: 00:10:18.9884774
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---
## [ncallport/Courier-Kata](https://github.com/ncallport/Courier-Kata)@[6f469b1398...](https://github.com/ncallport/Courier-Kata/commit/6f469b139896a7f53afb375e1c769a656e034cf4)
#### Sunday 2020-12-13 23:18:18 by DESKTOP-04U9V1M\ncall

Quick refactoring of DeliveryService into extensions methods so that can be tested more easily and a few tests using that same testcases (not exhaustive). This would be the two hour point - although I've had a number of interruptions while doing this. However I will continue and finish the final implementation step either tonight or tomorrow morning.

---

# [<](2020-12-12.md) 2020-12-13 [>](2020-12-14.md)

