# [<](2020-03-21.md) 2020-03-22 [>](2020-03-23.md)

138,074 events, 77,782 push events, 113,474 commit messages, 6,870,042 characters


## [CyberNotes7/BookOmatic](https://github.com/CyberNotes7/BookOmatic)@[123b48bb75...](https://github.com/CyberNotes7/BookOmatic/commit/123b48bb7501447c22c0c572a3a29ce558907e2b)
#### Sunday 2020-03-22 22:19:41 by The-Cali-Turtles

I added this folder so we could run this app... I did wright a whole paragraph on what I did but I fucked up the forking thing so kill me but we need home and I added a little index.html and a main.css so we can do this thing. If someone suggest adding bootstrap then we can do that but I suck at design and yeah..

---
## [jonasvdd/jonasvdd.github.io](https://github.com/jonasvdd/jonasvdd.github.io)@[2ae112f52b...](https://github.com/jonasvdd/jonasvdd.github.io/commit/2ae112f52bde19eddd21a5b81ce4df93ce63a2a3)
#### Sunday 2020-03-22 22:29:31 by jonvdrdo

:love: a shitload of improvements & first blogposts are almost camera ready

---
## [warmfrost85/wrye-bash](https://github.com/warmfrost85/wrye-bash)@[ec944b88c1...](https://github.com/warmfrost85/wrye-bash/commit/ec944b88c138ebdab5e8a5437f64ee6400ab51b2)
#### Sunday 2020-03-22 22:39:53 by Infernio

SSS Rework FOMOD GUI

Depends on 190-de-wx-pt1, rewrites most of the GUI to use the wrappers
instead. Drops a whole bunch of wx usages, which is nice. RadioButton
needs wrapping, see all the ugly hacks at the bottom of gui_fomod. Also,
the design that uses __dict__ of wx objects to store group objects has
to go, it's fundamentally hacky and very fragile - e.g. imagine if the
wx guys decided to add __slots__ to their objects.

Also contains a bunch of fixes and misc improvements, e.g. user-facing
strings have been made translatable, some bugs that were carried over
from belt have been fixed, and the 'Back' button no longer works on the
first page.

Note the glaring TODOs - this is a straight up port of the original GUI,
but we currently don't have a way to change fonts, which the original
GUI relied on to differentiate its components. I added some
HBoxedLayouts as an alternative, which works fine for the main FOMOD
dialog and may even be an improvement in terms of visual clarity, but
doesn't help at all with the results screen, which is now an unreadable
mess.

Infernio: Updated for wrapped WizardDialog, gave fomods their own stored
size, updated for default_* -> item_*.

Utumno: fomod_gui: comments to docstrings

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

---

# [<](2020-03-21.md) 2020-03-22 [>](2020-03-23.md)

