# [<](2020-09-16.md) 2020-09-17 [>](2020-09-18.md)

2,970,899 events, 1,611,904 push events, 2,355,196 commit messages, 159,389,147 characters


## [davidiw/libra](https://github.com/davidiw/libra)@[b880c4f14f...](https://github.com/davidiw/libra/commit/b880c4f14fff2a6a75f83b8f6578eda840f2ad32)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 01:31:06 by David Wolinsky

[libra-node] Enable running a single node cluster from libra-node

As part of the work to make Libra easier to use, this makes it so we can
start a single node cluster. The next step is to add this to docker.
Then we make a docker-compose that will instantiate a pfn talking to a vfn talking to a
validator and a faucet talking to the vfns json-rpc endpoint  as well.
At which point we can update all the documentation that talks about
running your own testnet to use this instead of the non-education
libra-swarm

Note, this also introduces a really awful file-based logger for the
single node. Could it be better? Hell yeah, is it good eough fo' sho

---
## [ShanmugaGanesh1999/codechef-beginners](https://github.com/ShanmugaGanesh1999/codechef-beginners)@[f0a4ec1825...](https://github.com/ShanmugaGanesh1999/codechef-beginners/commit/f0a4ec182554a501689c29b4186c78202b56c2f7)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 04:10:03 by Shanmuga Ganesh T

Chef and Proxy

Chef is a brilliant university student that does not attend lectures because he believes that they are boring and coding is life! However, his university follows certain rules and regulations, and a student may only take an exam for a course if he has attended at least 75% of lectures for this course.

Since you are Chef's best friend, you want to help him reach the attendance he needs to take exams. Unfortunately, Chef is still focused on his code and refuses to attend more lectures, so the only option is to have some of his friends mark him as present by proxy. This trick is well-known in the university, but only few have the talent to pull it off.

In a certain course, there is exactly one lesson per day over the course of D
days (numbered 1 through D). You are given a string S with length D describing the lessons Chef attended — for each valid i, the i-th character of this string is either 'A' if Chef was absent on day i or 'P' if Chef was actually present on day i

.

For each day d
when Chef is absent, one of Chef's friends can mark him as present by proxy on this day only if he was present (if he was really present, not just marked as present) on at least one of the previous two days, i.e. days d−1 and d−2, and on at least one of the following two days, i.e. days d+1 and d+2

. However, it is impossible to mark him as present by proxy on the first two days and the last two days.

Find the minimum number of times Chef has to be marked as present by proxy so that his attendance becomes at least 75% (0.75
). Chef's attendance is number of days when he was marked as present, either by proxy or by actually being present, divided by D

.
Input

    The first line of the input contains a single integer T

denoting the number of test cases. The description of T
test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer D
.
The second line contains a single string S
with length D

    .

Output

For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the minimum number of times Chef needs to be marked as present by proxy, or −1

if it is impossible to make Chef achieve 75% attendance.
Constraints

    1≤T≤200

1≤D≤1,000
S

    contains only characters 'A' and 'P'

Subtasks

Subtask #1 (100 points): original constraints
Example Input

1
9
PAAPPAPPP

Example Output

1

Explanation

Example case 1: With a proxy on the third day, the attendance string is "PAPPPAPPP". Now, Chef's attendance is at least 75%, so the minimum number of times Chef needs to be marked as present by proxy is 1
.

---
## [petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial)@[20d3965a29...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Vue-Symfony-Casts-First-Tutorial/commit/20d3965a29ac489ad1ecc4c511dd72ff294a1bfb)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 05:28:27 by petrero

46.1. Adding an [x] to our Search Bar{Add the Button! ; Adding Behavior to the [x]; Back to Testing in the Browser}

When we type inside the search bar, it actually already has a little X icon on the right. That's because we're using an <input type="search"/> for the search bar. And in my browser, this adds an X icon.
But... can we pretend that doesn't exist for a moment? Because I want to see if we can add our own little X icon that, on click, will clear the search term. This will be a great opportunity to practice our new dangerous skills!

Add the Button!
Inside of search-bar.vue, add a class to the outer div called input-group. That will let us add a new <div> element at the bottom, which will hold the "X" button. Give it class="input-group-append" and a v-show. Let's see: we only want to show the "X" button if the search term is not empty. Do that with v-show="searchTerm" - to reference that data - != "".
Now, inside the div, add a <button> - I'll talk about that ESLint error soon - with an X as the text and class="btn btn-outline-secondary".
Ok ESLint: what's up? Hmm: v-show should go before class. Ah, we've seen this a few times before: attributes can go in any order, but there are some best-practices. Swap these two attributes and... ESLint is happy. I'm happy!
Over in the browser... there we go! It looks a little silly because of the double X, but remember! We're ignoring that! I want to see if we can get our button working: on click, we want to clear the search bar.

Adding Behavior to the [x]
And... I know how to do this! I'll just ask Siri to do it for me! Or, we can listen to the click event! So we need v-on, but of course we'll use the shortcut. Say: @click="" set to a new method called eraseSearchTerm. Copy that method name and, below - we already have a methods section - so paste this as a second key.
Inside, we just need this.searchTerm = ''.
We're crushing it!

Back to Testing in the Browser
Time to test! Let's refresh... do a quick search... and click the X button. Boom! The search cleared. Oh, but the products did not update! Siri, could you.. update those for me?

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c81b62ed6e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c81b62ed6eb358672668f970bc5ec3d1a046e403)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 08:20:12 by Marko Grdinić

"9:30am. Yesterday I ended being in bed since the 4:20pm.

I've figured out where a major part of my demoralization comes from.

```fs
let prepass (top_env : TopEnv) expr =
    let v_term (env : Env) x = Map.tryFind x env.term.env |> Option.defaultWith (fun () -> top_env.term.[x])
    let v_ty (env : Env) x =  Map.tryFind x env.ty.env |> Option.defaultWith (fun () -> top_env.ty.[x])
```

It is this stupid thing. It is so heavy. The way it is written now is completely trivial though. So what is the problem? Why did making this feel like I've been wading through a swamp?

The issue is the filling.

Let me quote myself.

> Once I have that, I'll be able to move on to compliing patterns and typecase. Then comes free vars propagation. Then comes filling. Then comes recursive var resultion. Then comes name lowering.

The filling is somewhere in the middle mentally. And that is a problem. What do I need to do the filling?

This dictionary from `infer`.

```fs
let type_application = Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
```

I define it right near the start.

```fs
    | BundleInstance(r,(_,prot),(_,ins),l,body) ->
        let prot_id = failwith "TODO"
```

I will also need a way of passing the prototype ids from the top level. Meaning I need to have a dependency on the inferencer here as well.

All this is weight. Huge weight.

It is not like going from parsing to type inference. The type inference part is essentially incomplete by the time it gets to the prepass.

It is not like it is in some ready made form either.

```fs
and T =
    | TyB
    | TyPrim of PrimitiveType
    | TySymbol of string
    | TyPair of T * T
    | TyRecord of Map<string, T>
    | TyFun of T * T
    | TyArray of T
    | TyNominal of int
    | TyUnion of Map<string,T>
    | TyApply of T * T * TT // Regular type functions (TyInl) get reduced, while this represents the staged reduction of nominals.
    | TyInl of Var * T
    | TyForall of Var * T
    | TyMetavar of MVar * T option ref
    | TyVar of Var
    | TyMacro of TM list
    | TyLayout of T * Layout
```

I haven't decided how I am going to convert this to their `RawT` counterparts at all.

Furthermore, there is that issue of how I am going to do filling.

```
inl q forall t. (x : t) =
    inl w forall t. (y : t) : bool = $"(=)" x y
    w x
```

Remember this thing? Making this work would require complicating renaming significantly. It would be so hard that I am just going to decide that foralls are not allowed to shadow.

All this is a burden. All these unsolved problems I've left for later are a weight I have to carry. It is the weight of the past, bearing down upon me from the future.

9:55am. How heavy is it? About as heavy as the entire `Infer` module. So 1250 LOC heavy.

10am. I've been too arrogant.

It is one thing to make pithy plans and neatly lay it out in steps from A to Z. It is another for that plan to actual make sense.

I've been trying to move forward, but I've been ignoring the ball-and-chain around my neck and ankles. I want to signal that I am strong and that I keep moving forward, but the burden that I've ignored is wrecking me subconsciously.

10:05am. This is what will be my mission from here. I need to firmly move on from the inferencer before I reach the prepass. If I can break that dependency, the prepass will go to its expected difficulty and I will be able to handle it without much trouble.

10:10am. The same goes for the partial evaluator. Seriously, the prepass and the partial evaluator should not be this difficult! I am extremely experienced in this by now.

It should have been smooth sailing as soon as I finished the inferencer. Yet, my morale has hit rock bottom not long after.

10:15am. Though I am experienced with the prepass and partial evaluation, I've never done filling before, so it is no wonder I stumbled over a mistake.

Ok, let me take a break first and then I will start. You'd imagine the days where I program the entire day to be rough on me, but it is the last few days where I've only made tepid progress that are so.

Right now, it feels like a fire is being lit. I am feeling true motivation for the first time in a while. I'll take a little break, and then I am going to tap into it."

---
## [karakasis/Path-of-Leveling](https://github.com/karakasis/Path-of-Leveling)@[46a267f0b3...](https://github.com/karakasis/Path-of-Leveling/commit/46a267f0b3c3aa7853a38b996e80da7f9cd5d96d)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 16:03:47 by karakasis

3.12 changes

changes for 3.12

renamed:
deathmark
curse on hit
awakened curse on hit

added/changed hex mark tags

bane no longer curse -> hex now
curse on hit no longer curse -> hex now

added/changed:
splitting steel lvl 1
flame wall lvl 4
*vitality now lvl 10
*precision now available to all classes
*clarity now available to all classes
blazing salvo lvl 12
*shattering steel marauder cant buy this anymore potentially (same for removed classes below)
*curses changed tags, names etc
**frostbite is now available to ranger
**vulnerability removed ranger added templar
**despair removed templar duelist
**temp chains removed duelist added witch
**punishment removed witch
**proj weakness added scion
**poachers mark added scion
**warlords mark removed templar added ranger scion
**assassins mark removed witch added duelist scion
*lancing steel removed marauder
*firestorm removed marauder added shadow scion is now level 28
*glacial cascade added scion
crackling lance 28
hexblast 28
impending doom 31
pinpoint 31
void sphere 34
frost shield 34
sigil of power 34
elemental penetration 31? recipe

bug fixes / revisions :

fixed some gems to be properly available to all classes after the library quest

added support for Intruders in black quest rewards
-this was something I did when I first made this program
 because some classes where able to get a gem faster at around lvl 16
 while others had to wait until 20 to do root of the problem
 and then buy it from vendor, so I just decided to put them all in the later category.
 And at the time it wasn't too bad of a bandaid cause we didnt have a lot of gems from intruders in black
 but GGG kept adding more so I had to adress it eventually. Turned out it was an easy fix (hopefully not brick)
arcane cloak moved to Intruders in black for templar shadow witch
arctic armour > ranger shadow witch scion
brand recall > witch templar
cold snap > witch shadow
desecrate > witch
herald of ash,ice,thunder > all classes
blade blast > shadow (also fixed ranger to get it from root of the problem)
blood rage > shadow ranger duelist
herald of agony > shadow ranger
skitterbots > shadow
ensnaring arrow > ranger
frenzy > ranger duelist scion
ancestral cry > duelist marauder
flesh and stone > duelist
seismic cry > duelist marauder
wave of conviction > templar

Changed the zone notes for the first 2 acts to be more relevant to the current layouts and speedrun routes.
However im not gonna push this as the default json since that would overwrite any custom json that people might have made.
Instead you can download it from new_json_zone_data folder and replace it with the data.json found in Documents/Path of Leveling/json/data.json , the json folder is
hidden.

---
## [microsoft/graspologic](https://github.com/microsoft/graspologic)@[c8a569cb16...](https://github.com/microsoft/graspologic/commit/c8a569cb1637ad09e694a83a18ad23c92f98b105)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 17:06:38 by Dwayne Pryce

Suitably dynamic versioning (#467)

* Suitably dynamic versioning

The following versioning code bypasses a few problems with python module versions.  The following scenarios are plausible:
- A user clones `graspologic` and runs `pip install -r requirements.txt` then executes `python` in the project directory, accessing the graspologic library by python's local folder structure.
- A users clones `graspologic` and runs `python setup.py install` in the environment of their choice, accessing the graspologic library either by the local folder structure or the .egg in their site-packages, depending on their current working directory.
- A user clones no repository and wants to install the library solely via `pip` via the `pip install ...` command, which has 2 wings to consider:
  - The user wishes to try out the latest prerelease, which is going to be published with a X.Y.ZdevYYYYMMDDBUILDNUMBER style version and can be installed via `pip install graspologic --pre`
  - The user wishes to try out the latest release, which will be published as `X.Y.Z`.

This PR supports those 4 cases (notably, it does not support `pip install .` from the root project directory, which does some super weird stuff and I gave up on trying to solve it a long time ago)

The concept is this: the actual version upon a **build action**, which can be undertaken by:
- CI building a snapshot build
- CI building a release build
- Local user building a local build

These states all require the same thing: a materialized version in a file.  This version should be created at the time of this build action.

In the case of CI, we can populate the file in our CI build process and move on.  It's the case of not being in CI where we need to consider what to do next, which leaves Local user building a local build (and local user using the filesystem as the library).

In these cases, the solution is the following: if we have a populated version.txt file, we use it. If we do not, we materialize a new version based on the `__semver` in version.py and the current time in YYYYMMDDHHmmSS format. This means that if you are running on the filesystem, and you say `import graspy; print(graspy.__version__);`, it will actually tell you the version is `0.1.0dev20200926120000` as an example.  However, when you close the interpreter and do it again, it will tell you that the version is `0.1.0dev20200926120500` - because it will create a version for you at the time of import.

However, if you were to run `python setup.py install`, the setup.py file actually takes it on itself to either get a version number or use the materialized version described above, then to write it to version.txt.  Which means that installing the graspologic library from setuptools will actually lock in the version number in perpetuity.

Gotchas
- version.txt must always be empty in the source tree
- `pip install .` does some weird thing where it registers an entry in site-packages that is like a symlink to the local filesystem anyway so it doesn't actually make an egg which means you get a new version each time and I gave up caring at this point since we got the three primary use cases: developers, users of pre-releases, and users of releases all covered. Users who install by cloning and running pip install are just going to get a weird behavior that probably isn't that important to track down, and regardless they'll get a clear `X.Y.Zdev<timestamp>` in their `graspologic.__version__` which is enough for us to go on if there are any issues raised.

* My testing resulted in filling this file and committing it, like I said not to do

* Updated conf.py for sphinx to be able to find a version it likes.  Or kinda likes.  Maybe likes?

* Forgot I had to add the recursive-include for the version file.

* Making black happy

---
## [ICEknigh7/mame](https://github.com/ICEknigh7/mame)@[2bd35bec85...](https://github.com/ICEknigh7/mame/commit/2bd35bec858de109071be39435786d9871919a6f)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 18:25:32 by ICEknigh7

New software list additions [gbcolor.xml]

Added some previously undumped games, clones and discarded release candidates which arised recently. Also added the official ROM submission date to some of these entries, which gives an idea of when the game was ready versus when it was released (more useful in those cases where we don't even have a release date).

I've organized all the previously unknown dumps in this spreadsheet, for reference: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Ay20atcx39ytrM1YOhC0aST5t7M_JZegdOrbUyYc6_I/edit?usp=sharing


New games:
		Absolute X (Euro, Release Candidate 1)
		AMF Bowling (USA)
		Austin Powers - Yeah, Baby, Yeah! (Euro, Release Candidate 3)
		Austin Powers - Why Make Millions...? (Euro, Release Candidate 0)
		Billiard Club (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Bounced (Euro, Release Candidate 0)
		Carmageddon TDR 2000 (Euro, Release Candidate 0)
		Carnivalé (USA, Release Candidate 1)
		Carrera (Euro, Release Candidate 0)
		Equestriad 2001 (Euro, Release Candidate 1)
		Ganso! Doubutsu Uranai + Ren'ai Puzzle (Jpn, Release Candidate 1)
		Gimmick Land (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Grand Casino (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Famicom Bunko - Hajimari no Mori (Jpn, Release Candidate 1)
		Jibaku-kun - Zero no Ki no Kajitsu (Jpn, Release Candidate 1)
		Kanji Shishuu (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Kirby Family (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Magi-Nation - Keeper's Quest (USA, Release Candidate 1)
		Max Steel - Covert Missions (USA, Release Candidate 1)
		Mission Bravo (USA, Release Candidate 0)
		Mission Impossible (Euro, Rev. A)
		Runelords (USA, Release Candidate 1)
		Sea-Doo Hydro Cross (USA, Release Candidate 2)
		Space-Net - Cosmo Neo (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Towers II - Plight of the Stargazer (USA, Release Candidate 0)
		VR Sports Powerboat Racing (USA)


New clones:
		3D Pool Allstars (USA, Release Candidate 1)
		Blue's Clues - Blue's Alphabet Book (USA, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Bomberman Selection (Kor, discarded Release Candidate 0)
		Bomberman Selection (Kor, discarded Release Candidate 1)
		Cardcaptor Sakura - Tomoeda Shougakkou Daiundoukai (Jpn, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Carmageddon - Carpocalypse Now (USA, Release Candidate 3)
		Casper (USA, Rev. A, Release Candidate 1)
		Catwoman (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Daikatana (USA, Release Candidate 0)
		David Beckham Soccer (USA, Release Candidate 0)
		Dejiko no Mahjong Party (Jpn, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Denki Blocks! (USA, Release Candidate 0)
		Donkey Kong Country (USA, Not for resale)
		E.T. The Extra Terrestrial - Digital Companion (Euro, Release Candidate 2)
		F-1 World Grand Prix (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		F-1 World Grand Prix (Jpn, Release Candidate 1)
		F-18 Thunder Strike (USA, Release Candidate 2)
		Primera División Stars 2001 (Spa, Release Candidate 3)
		F1 Racing Championship (USA, Release Candidate 0)
		Formula One 2000 (Euro, Release Candidate 8)
		Fushigi no Dungeon - Fuurai no Shiren GB2 - Sabaku no Majou (Jpn, Alt)
		Game Boy Wars: Pocket Tactics (Jpn, Release Candidate 2)
		Gift (Euro, Rev. A, Release Candidate 1)
		Gifty (Ger, Rev. A, Release Candidate 2)
		Heroes of Might and Magic (USA, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Jeremy McGrath Supercross 2000 (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Jimmy White's Cueball (USA, Release Candidate 7)
		Jissen ni Yakudatsu Tsumego (Jpn)
		Kanji Boy 2 (Jpn, discarded Release Candidate 0)
		Laura (Euro, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Lemmings (Euro, Release Candidate 2)
		Little Mermaid II - Pinball (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Monster Traveler (Jpn)
		Nakayoshi Cooking Series 5 - Cake o Tsukurou (Jpn, discarded Release Candidate 1)
		Nakayoshi Cooking Series 5 - Cake o Tsukurou (Jpn, discarded Release Candidate 2)
		NBA Show Time - NBA on NBC (USA, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		The New Addams Family Series (Euro, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Pocket GT (USA, Release Candidate 1)
		Pocket Music (USA, Release Candidate 1)
		The Powerpuff Girls - Il Terribile Mojo Jojo (Ita, Release Candidate 4)
		The Powerpuff Girls - Bad Mojo Jojo (UK?, Release Candidate 0)
		The Powerpuff Girls - Paint the Townsville Green (UK?, Release Candidate 0)
		Qix Adventure (USA, Release Candidate 2)
		RPG Tsukuru GB (Jpn, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Shin Megami Tensei Devil Children - Shiro no Sho (Jpn, Rev. A, Release Candidate 1)
		Spy vs. Spy (Euro, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Spy vs. Spy (USA, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Street Fighter Alpha - Warriors' Dreams (Euro, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Suzuki Alstare Extreme Racing (USA, Release Candidate 0)
		Swing (Euro, Release Candidate 1)
		Sylvanian Families 2 - Irozuku Mori no Fantasy (Jpn, Rev. A, Release Candidate 1)
		Taxi 2 (Euro, Release Candidate 0)
		Tiny Toon Adventures - Dizzy's Candy Quest (USA, Release Candidate 2)
		Tonka Construction Zone (USA, discarded Release Candidate 0)
		Tony Hawk's Pro Skater (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Top Gear Pocket 2 (Jpn, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Top Gear Pocket 2 (USA, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Vegas Games (USA, Rev. A, Release Candidate 0)
		Watashi no Restaurant (Jpn, discarded Release Candidate 0)
		Watashi no Restaurant (Jpn, discarded Release Candidate 1)
		Watashi no Restaurant (Jpn, discarded Release Candidate 2)
		Wendy - Der Traum von Arizona (Ger, discarded Release Candidate 0)
		Xtreme Wheels (Jpn, Release Candidate 0)
		Yu-Gi-Oh! - Dark Duel Stories (Euro, discarded Release Candidate 0)
		Yu-Gi-Oh! - Duel des Tenebres (Fra, discarded Release Candidate 0)


Corrected dumps from unknown sources with official dump (old entries now marked as "bad dump?"):
		Laura (Euro)
		Pro Pool (USA)
		Yakouchuu GB (Jpn)

---
## [BioOnPC/Metamorphosis](https://github.com/BioOnPC/Metamorphosis)@[3b0a5cd161...](https://github.com/BioOnPC/Metamorphosis/commit/3b0a5cd161bc8d8478a9d798ce6adaadafca2aef)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 18:31:25 by BioOnPC

i hate that willow insists on fucking the game with different room_speeds and current_time_scales fuck you fuck you fuck you WHY

- Fixed Lead Eyelids and Camoflauge not working properly on higher timescales
- Fixed Ethical Consumption's auto-pop pop working even if using a weapon that used rads while you were out of rads

---
## [g-w1/ezc](https://github.com/g-w1/ezc)@[41b1c971da...](https://github.com/g-w1/ezc/commit/41b1c971dabcd0b70d8a75cd311c2bc9d78c6905)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 19:50:24 by g-w1

FINALLY analizing if statments works! maybe need to add more regression tests. it shows how well regression tests work! its kinda annoying how i spent like 1.2 hrs on 4 lines of code. i had to add 1 and remove 3 legacy. but once i understood the issue it was easier to fix.

imma try to use these git commit messages as a lot of my development. the ones  before were kinda cringe. now i just need to understand stack based allocation and impliment if statments. loops shoould be pretty easy. i think compiler explorer will help a LOT with learning about stack based allocation.

the real challenge will be funcitons. once im done with that everything else will be easy.

tell me if you like this git commit format. oh, no one is reading it 😀.

bye

---
## [aidandearing/Scavenger](https://github.com/aidandearing/Scavenger)@[b78bc6ba69...](https://github.com/aidandearing/Scavenger/commit/b78bc6ba6993faa8021c12a0c46075a75cd09f1a)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 22:47:54 by aidandearing

Entities, Projectiles, and the crushing weight of mortality

Vox
Some basic ISS like station modules have been constructed, so that I can start making some basic prototype environments in the expMechanics scene.

Entity Modules
Moved from Controller/Scripts/Modules to Players/Scripts/Modules.

EntitySpawner
Spawner for entities, currently not built as an abstract base for a variety of different spawners (which it will become). Spawns entities over time, with increasing rapidity as more entities are spawned.

PointVolume
Abstract structure (to be renamed with the appropriate A____ nomenclature, sorry) for returning a point / direction, currently used for spawners.

PointCircle
Returns points within a circle, inside an outer radius, and outside an inner radius, with no safety checks for making sure the inner radius is validly less than the outer radius.
The direction always points towards the middle of the volume.

PRRandomisePlanet
Implemented the new (way old by now) prepass shader structure for final planet material, and all the complicated parameterisation that was necessary to capture and correctly implement that behaviour, including the atmosphere, which is not modular in the PR version.

FactionDef
Now has helpers for determining hostility between factions.

Entity
Exposes its faction def, and has more smarts when retrieving its ship or faction def.

AI
AIFighter -> Very silly, very basic AI for fighter style ai.
AITurret -> Very simple AI for turret style ai.
AITargetting -> Manages synchronising targets and locking on, such that in the event no faction targets exist entities will search for nearby targets, updating the faction targets as they do so (This is papered in for now, will have significantly more sophisticated algorithms for synchronising local to factional targets).

AimModule
Stores lock ons for entities.

HeatInstance
Like DamageInstance this stores the data for a particular instance of heat damage.

StructuralModule
Tracks heat, deals damage based on it, and correctly determines when an entity should die.

ShipDef
Now supports an OnDeath event, including the ability to spawn projectiles on death.
IsTurret flag for turrets, which are not playable (sadness), but are still ships from the games perspective.

BeamModule
Properly determines impacts, cutting the beam short, and allowing for impact based game objects to be enabled and placed at the target position.

ExplosionModule
Like PlasmaModule this manages the specifics of an explosion.

Modules in General
Better support for initialisation of state correctly, still has some problems (first projectiles are almost always instantiated incorrectly).

ProximityModule
Looks for proximity based on hostility conditions and search range. (Only supports one per projectile for now, should support multiple eventually).

ProjectileDef
OnHit -> ProjectileEventHitDef
OnProximity -> ProjectileEventProximityDef
OnDeath -> ProjectileEventDef

ProjectileEventDef
Basic definition of an event that can occur on projectiles, namely the instantiate of projectiles, entities, and the destruction of the original projectile.
Has specialisations for hits and for proximity.

ProjectileEventHitDef
Adds support for applying HeatInstnce/DamageInstance to entities based on how they determine impacts (either collision by default, or via special definition BEAMS).

AimUtilities
Functions for determining aim based on the kind of movement being used for an object to determine how best to aim to hit another object (simple for now).

ShipEventDef
Refer to ProjectileEventDef.

SkillSequenceItem
Supports aiming projectiles at the parent entities targets, sorted by proximity.

---
## [aneupanetims2016/Fall-2020](https://github.com/aneupanetims2016/Fall-2020)@[08c0df909d...](https://github.com/aneupanetims2016/Fall-2020/commit/08c0df909d685721b8b66971704186933ec8b42b)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 22:48:10 by Archana

Update README.md

Start here and familiarize yourself with the tools we will be using:

Github: https://github.com/join

(Note: Github now has a dropbox style drag and drop upload feature. There is also an online editor for creating or changing text files. No software or terminal commands needed.)

Colab: https://colab.research.google.com/notebooks/welcome.ipynb

Lab Report: https://www.overleaf.com/read/qpfrmtfdjvbp

Lab Presentation: https://www.overleaf.com/read/xhsvcwnrkzns

Rex's Guide to Preparing a Lab Report

https://drive.google.com/file/d/196l0JJO8sb0kdSkceEly6b10h0xwng_w/view?usp=sharing

General Lab Format
For each Lab the following will be submitted the following week to your Github:

Commented and Documented Colab Notebook (Upload .ipynb)
Written Lab Report Typed in Latex
Report Reformatted into Presentation Slides
Lab 1
Watch: Biostatistics History
From time 8:50-18:00 https://youtu.be/m5V9QqTRGjk?t=501

"In 'the old days' (before computers with almost unlimited computational power were available), the statistical analysis of data was typically restricted to hypothesis tests... The advent of powerful computers has changed the game. Nowadays, the analysis of statistical data is (or at least should be) a highly interactive process: you look at the data, and generate models which may explain your data. Then you determine the best fit parameters for these models, and check these models, typically by looking at the residuals. If you are not happy with the results, you modify the model to improve the correspondence between models and data." p.121 - An Introduction to Statistics with Python With Applications in the Life Sciences by Thomas Haslwanter

Why Python?
From: https://scipy-lectures.org/intro/intro.html#why-python

Get data (simulation, experiment control),
Manipulate and process data,
Visualize results, quickly to understand, but also with high quality figures, for reports or publications.
Python’s strengths

Batteries included - Rich collection of already existing bricks of classic numerical methods, plotting or data processing tools. We don’t want to re-program the plotting of a curve, a Fourier transform or a fitting algorithm. Don’t reinvent the wheel!
Easy to learn - Most scientists are not payed as programmers, neither have they been trained so. They need to be able to draw a curve, smooth a signal, do a Fourier transform in a few minutes.
Easy communication - To keep code alive within a lab or a company it should be as readable as a book by collaborators, students, or maybe customers. Python syntax is simple, avoiding strange symbols or lengthy routine specifications that would divert the reader from mathematical or scientific understanding of the code.
Efficient code - Python numerical modules are computationally efficient. But needless to say that a very fast code becomes useless if too much time is spent writing it. Python aims for quick development times and quick execution times.
Universal - Python is a language used for many different problems. Learning Python avoids learning a new software for each new problem.
Please read Python Notes 1 and the first two pages of Python Notes 2. Prepare a new Colab Notebook and copy all of the relevant material from the python notes files to your new Colab notebook. Think of the notebook as a quick access cheat sheet / recipe guide.

Python Notes 1 https://github.com/williamedwardhahn/Biostatistics/blob/master/Python_Notes.pdf

Python Notes 2 https://github.com/williamedwardhahn/Biostatistics/blob/master/Python_Notes2.pdf

Intro to Github, Colab, and Overleaf

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=50wdMpfO9t0

---
## [ValheruGR/BFME2](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2)@[9cdd2045ff...](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2/commit/9cdd2045ff7f20a71067e60a1d634ed40b4657eb)
#### Thursday 2020-09-17 23:35:13 by ecthelion5109

-EXPERIENCE LEVEL WORK ON SUMMONED SHIT. EVERYTHING EASILY EDITABLE NOW.
-DARKNESS FX EXPERIMENT.

---

# [<](2020-09-16.md) 2020-09-17 [>](2020-09-18.md)

