# [<](2020-06-14.md) 2020-06-15 [>](2020-06-16.md)

2,682,676 events, 1,238,611 push events, 2,012,751 commit messages, 153,470,708 characters


## [wfleming/dotfiles](https://github.com/wfleming/dotfiles)@[7e016b98be...](https://github.com/wfleming/dotfiles/commit/7e016b98be073f3df9133a624071340865821d8d)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 01:36:58 by Will Fleming

Fare you well, Xmonad

I've spent some time this week setting up a new laptop, and as usual for
some reason I consider a new machine a great time to re-evaluate my
entire setup. One of the things I wanted to re-evaluate was my window
manager, and I wondered: "is Wayland good enough to use now?" The answer
turned out to be that it is so, so, close, and if it weren't for one
deal-breaker annoyance I would be all-in.

I started by looking at the current available tiling compositors for
Wayland. [Waymonad] is (unsurprisingly) the philisophical descendant of
Xmonad for Wayland, but from some light inspection it looks much less
mature to me than some of the alternatives, it hasn't attracted the same
kind of community that Xmonad has AFAICT, and although I'm happy to
spend some time learning a new tool, right now I have minimal interest
in figuring out a new window manager without docs or a community from
reading source code.

So the obvious choice seems to be [sway], which is mostly an [i3] clone
for Wayland, and as i3 is a reasonably close cousin to Xmonad in X11 (I
think it's the usual choice for people who want a tiling window manager
but don't want to write Haskell), so I decided to give it a shot.

So I took a stab at setting up sway, and it's really great! My only real
complaint is that I somewhat prefer Xmonad's approach to managing
windows with designated layouts to i3/sway's approach to managing
windows by splitting and moving containers. Xmonad's approach is
simpler, while i3's is both more complex but also more flexible. (To be
fair, Xmonad is more of a window manager framework than just a window
manager, so I'm sure there are people with much more flexible Xmonad
setups: mine is not much different from the out-of-the-box experience,
so that's what I'm talking about.) But I'm getting used to the new
approach, and it's growing on me.

On the plus side, the overall experience of "managing" a sway
environment is *much* nicer than needing to massage an X11 environment
into working order.  Display management is built-in and just works,
there's no need for extra tools like my [`msu` script][msu], or the
several ways I trigger it.  There's less mucking about with
`xorg.conf.d` configs to get inputs like trackpads behving sanely (so
far). Getting a decent status bar to play nicely with the window manager
was also much less futzing around. Applications pretty much all just
work. It feels responsive and just generally less flakey than X11.

Ah, but the deal-breaker. One area where Wayland is well behind X11 is
the development of protocols that applications can use for
screen-sharing. They exist, but AFAICT they're unevenly supported by
compositors and even more unevenly supported by applications. I spent an
afternoon trying various approaches, but for the life of me I could not
get Zoom to do anything like screen sharing of my sway desktop. And
unfortunately with everybody being entirely remote in the midst of a
pandemic, "sharing my screen on a Zoom call" is a non-negotiable
requirement for me several times a week right now.

But I like the advantages of sway enough that after a few days of
playing with it I am loathe to go back to my old setup, so this is the
awful compromise I've landed on for now: I've put together an i3/polybar
setup for X11 that is almost the same as my sway/waybar setup for
Wayland. And I'm going to try and use both: I'll start my day in an X
session on days when I expect to be on calls, but try to spend time in
Wayland if I don't expect to be be screen-sharing. Hopefully the
screen-sharing situation will improve and I can drop this crufty dual
setup and delete a bunch of X11 cruft from my dotfiles.

Wayland definitely seems like the future, I guess that future just isn't
quite here for those of us who prefer tiling window managers (and thus
don't want to use GNOME). In some ways it reminds me of Systemd: it
feels less "unixy" because it's not organized around very focused
programs that interact with each other, but instead tends towards a more
monolithic implementation of a bunch of related functionality. And it
has some definitely questionable technical details. But the lived
experience of *using it* is so much better than what came before that it
seems obvious that it's what should be focused on.

For my own future reference, here is what I played with to try and get
screensharing working on Sway:

- https://github.com/swaywm/sway/issues/4358 & https://github.com/swaywm/sway/issues/3282
  - `xdg-desktop-portal-wlr` is apparently supposed to add appropriate
  support for screensharing, but it didn't work for me. I didn't bother
  trying to use a patched FF, so I'm not surprised that didn't work.
  Some post I saw somewhere suggested that Zoom actually detects its on
  GNOME, so maybe it would work here if I forced it to think it's on
  GNOME? Didn't try that, should do that.
  - The slightly crazier suggestion there was to use a v4l2loopback
  device to record your desktop as a "webcam" and then just pick that as
  your video camera in zoom. Clever, but awkard and hacky. I also ran
  into errors with having `wf-recorder` record using v4l2. (I don't
  think https://github.com/ammen99/wf-recorder/issues/92 was the issue,
  `ffmpeg` said the code was available, the error was a bit more like
  https://github.com/ammen99/wf-recorder/issues/70 but the kernel module
  was also there and the device was available.)
- https://gitlab.com/jamedjo/gnome-dbus-emulation-wlr - saw this
  mentioned in one of the Sway issues linked above. It's a Ruby
  project that apparently presents dbus services that look like GNOME
  services to trick apps like Zoom into thinking their on GNOME? Again,
  didnt' work for me.
- https://github.com/swaywm/sway/issues/5083 has the truly crazy idea of
  running zoom, etc. via x11docker, running a VNC server on your host,
  and then connecting the x11docker to your desktop via VNC and sharing
  that.  I did not do that, I think I prefer to just switch back to X11.

[Waymonad]: https://github.com/waymonad/waymonad
[Sway]: https://github.com/swaywm/sway
[i3]: https://github.com/i3/i3
[msu]: https://github.com/wfleming/dotfiles/blob/arch-linux/home_nodot/bin/msu

---
## [apap04/twoot](https://github.com/apap04/twoot)@[b4b717ed71...](https://github.com/apap04/twoot/commit/b4b717ed7162947da4bf70188751787fab01af84)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 03:14:55 by Andreas Papacharalampous

fuck you

Signed-off-by: Andreas Papacharalampous <andreas@apap04.com>

---
## [cavmp/200DaysofCode](https://github.com/cavmp/200DaysofCode)@[dd201a7b24...](https://github.com/cavmp/200DaysofCode/commit/dd201a7b241f067adbcd48410fd95848fe2c2596)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 06:50:21 by cavmp

Day 21: Tough Love

We all need a little bit of tough love sometimes. This is a program that asks for the user's bad habit and would randomize a reply that would discourage the user to keep doing the habit. 

I was personally having an off day today, I didn't really feel like getting up in the morning and coding. I rested a bit and decided to get some website inspiration from http://jenniferdewalt.com that would give me some ideas for a program today. I found a basic one that I could do, named 'tough love'. So, for today's code, I just went back to basics.

---
## [Enalean/tuleap](https://github.com/Enalean/tuleap)@[2c0eb6bd6c...](https://github.com/Enalean/tuleap/commit/2c0eb6bd6c39f10ccdc213dc54d1b0f97c87ec64)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 11:45:11 by Thomas Gerbet

Download (only when needed) the binary matching the version of Cypress installed

There are two issues with the current setup:
* we download the Cypress binary at each run even when no E2E tests are
  executed. We are downloading ~100MB on each CI run for most of the
  time nothing.
* the binary installed in the Docker image used to run the tests might
  be not match the installed version of Cypress. This might not end well
  in the future and it's not going to be funny to troubleshot.

This contribution disables the download of the Cypress binary when
building the Tuleap sources for packaging/automated test purposes
(basically what the CI pipelines do). Also, we make sure the correct
version of the Cypress binary is installed in the Docker image used to
run the tests. For developpers, the image will still be cached locally
avoiding an annoying download each time you want to run the E2E tests
but the cache will be busted when the version of Cypress changes in the
packege-lock.json (so no joke like "ooops I forgot the remove/rebuild
the image").

Part of request #14865: cypress typescript support

Change-Id: I7a1f19f76badbcaa30e12d35011ece18266baa86

---
## [Amplissimus/AmplissimusApp](https://github.com/Amplissimus/AmplissimusApp)@[7e5b173f1a...](https://github.com/Amplissimus/AmplissimusApp/commit/7e5b173f1ab501f2155feba17055d2871f56d567)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 12:49:13 by chrissx on Windows

removed that STUPID requestLegacyExternalStorage, ludwig is a fucking idiot.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6f63259220...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6f6325922016068914b58fdef91d613f824a5a55)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 16:04:34 by Marko Grdinić

"1:45pm. Done with breakfast. Just a bit more and then I will resume. Rather than go for lazy streams off the bat, I will try to do it normally. As this problem is hard, I am going to have to rely on the book to guide me. I don't think I will be able to figure it out if I try it myself. But I'll try to do bits an pieces on my own.

1:50pm. Let me do it.

Let me start by translating combine.

```fs
module PowerSeries =
    let combine f c1 c2 =
        (Ch.take c1 ^=> fun a -> Ch.take c2 >>= fun b -> f (a,b))
        <|> (Ch.take c2 ^=> fun b -> Ch.take c1 >>= fun a -> f (a,b))
```

This should do it.

```fs
    let combine f c1 c2 =
        (Ch.take c1 ^=> fun a -> Ch.take c2 >>= fun b -> f a b)
        <|> (Ch.take c2 ^=> fun b -> Ch.take c1 >>= fun a -> f a b)

    let add F G =
        let c = Ch ()
        let add f g = Ch.give c (f + g)
        Job.foreverServer (combine add F G) >>-. c
```

The book does some things to delineate input and output channels. I do not want to bother implementing this right now, so let me just do the regular thing.

2:10pm.

```fs
    let mul_by_term F =
        let c = Ch ()
        Job.server (
            Ch.give c 0.0 >>=.
            let rec loop () = Ch.take F >>= Ch.give c >>= loop
            loop ()
        ) >>-. c
```

I am just copying it from the book so things are going quickly. Actually, let me take a short break here.

2:25pm. Let me resume.

This stream example is really not inspiring. For example, you need to do explicit copying and things like that. It is ridiculous.

I'll definitely try the thing with lazy streams. Let me finishing transcribing the example. I do not want to waste too much time on this.

```fs
    let copy F =
        let c1, c2 = Ch (), Ch ()
        Job.foreverServer (Ch.take F >>= fun f -> Ch.send c1 f >>=. Ch.send c2 f) >>-. (c1,c2)
```

I'll do an async send here.

```
    let combine f c1 c2 =
        (Ch.take c1 ^=> fun a -> Ch.take c2 >>= fun b -> f a b)
        <|> (Ch.take c2 ^=> fun b -> Ch.take c1 >>= fun a -> f a b)
```

Ah, I did not implement this right. It should have been done more generically.

2:45pm.

```fs
    let rec mul F G =
        let c = Ch ()
        Job.server (
            Ch.take F >>= fun f ->
            Ch.take G >>= fun g ->
            copy F >>= fun (F',F'') ->
            copy G >>= fun (G',G'') ->
            mul F' G' >>= fun FmG' ->
            mul_by_term FmG' >>= fun FmG' ->
            mul_mul_by_const f F'' >>= fun fF'' ->
            mul_mul_by_const G G'' >>= fun gG'' ->
            add F'' G'' >>= fun (fFpgG'') ->
            let rec loop () = Ch.give c fFpgG'' >>= loop

            ) >>-. c
```

Ugh, this is beyond nasty. At least in the book the non-monadic syntax makes it somewhat bearable.

During the night, I've been thinking about this issue. I am reminded back to the time I did those monadic LSTM cells in Spiral.

I had to do a serious hack to be able to write things like `s(a*b + c*d)`. I am ashamed of it even if it was worth it.

In v0.2 when I have a proper type system to hold my hand, I will be able to use the finally tagless style to write expressions like the above and compile them to a writer monad which I need to do AD. I've been foolishly thinking of some type system hack to fill those things in automatically, but it turns out - regular functions are all I need.

Assuming I can typecheck them, there is no problem in writing an interpretation step for more complex things.

2:50pm. Now, ugh, what do I do about that mess above?

Well, let me just write it out. I won't bother actually testing it. I'll do a streams version of this after that.

```fs
            mul_by_term FmG' >>= fun FmG' ->
            mul_by_const f F'' >>= fun fF'' ->
            mul_by_const g G'' >>= fun gG'' ->
```

These aren't even used...

No, seriously forget this. I can't keep track of this. Math requires sharing semantics. If you want to do math, the stuff here is exactly the wrong thing to do even for concurrency. The fib example was my limit when it comes to this.

```fs
    let combine f c1 c2 =
        (c1 ^=> fun a -> c2 >>= fun b -> f a b)
        <|> (c2 ^=> fun b -> c1 >>= fun a -> f a b)

    let add F G =
        let c = Ch ()
        let add f g = Ch.give c (f + g)
        Job.foreverServer (combine add (Ch.take F) (Ch.take G)) >>-. c

    let mul_by_const c F =
        let ch = Ch ()
        Job.foreverServer (Ch.take F >>= fun f -> Ch.give ch (c * f)) >>-. c

    let mul_by_term F =
        let c = Ch ()
        Job.server (
            Ch.give c 0.0 >>=.
            let rec loop () = Ch.take F >>= Ch.give c >>= loop
            loop ()
        ) >>-. c

    let copy F =
        let c1, c2 = Ch (), Ch ()
        Job.foreverServer (Ch.take F >>= fun f -> combine (fun _ _ -> Job.unit()) (Ch.give c1 f) (Ch.give c2 f)) >>-. (c1,c2)

    let rec mul F G =
        let c: Ch<float> = Ch ()
        Job.server (
            Ch.take F >>= fun f ->
            Ch.take G >>= fun g ->
            copy F >>= fun (F',F'') ->
            copy G >>= fun (G',G'') ->
            mul F' G' >>= fun FmG' ->
            mul_by_term FmG' >>= fun FmG' ->
            mul_by_const f F'' >>= fun fF'' ->
            mul_by_const g G'' >>= fun gG'' ->
            add F'' G'' >>= fun (fFpgG'') ->
            let rec loop () = Ch.take fFpgG'' >>= Ch.give c >>= loop
            Ch.give c (f * g) >>= loop
            ) >>-. c
```

Let me back this up here and I will look into streams.

Let me go at it wrong the top.

3:30pm.

```fs
    open Hopac.Stream
    let add F G = Stream.zip F G |> Stream.mapFun (fun (a,b) -> a+b)
    let mul_by_const c F = Stream.mapFun (fun x -> c * x) F
    let mul_by_term F = Stream.cons 0.0 F
    let rec mul (F : _ Stream) (G : _ Stream) : _ Stream =
        let ht F on_head = F >>=* function Nil -> Stream.nil | Cons(h,t) -> on_head (h,t)
        ht F <| fun (f,F) ->
        ht G <| fun (g,G) ->
        add (mul_by_term (mul F G)) (add (mul_by_const f G) (mul_by_const g F))
```

It took me a while to figure out how to get the head and the tail, but this should suffice.

...Ah, I forgot the initial term.

3:35pm.

```fs
cons (f*g) (add (mul_by_term (mul F G)) (add (mul_by_const f G) (mul_by_const g F)))
```

Easy fix.

3:45pm.

```fs
    let main =
        let l = [1.0;2.0;3.0;4.0;5.0;6.0] |> Stream.ofSeq
        ((mul l l |> Stream.toSeq) >>- (Seq.toArray >> printfn "%A"))

PowerSeries.main |> run
```

```
[|1.0; 4.0; 10.0; 20.0; 35.0; 56.0|]
```

Is this right. I have no idea. Superficially it does feel right.

...

```
cons (f*g) (add (mul_by_term (mul F G)) (add (mul_by_const f G) (mul_by_const g F)))
```

No, it is not right. If this is really multiplication, there should be more terms in the final stream.

```
let add F G = Stream.zip F G |> Stream.mapFun (fun (a,b) -> a+b)
```

Rather than use zip here, there should be an endless line of zeroes at the edge...

```fs
    let rec add F G = //Stream.zip F G |> Stream.mapFun (fun (a,b) -> a+b)
        F >>=* function
            | Nil -> G
            | Cons(f,F') ->
                G >>=* function
                    | Nil -> F
                    | Cons(g,G') -> cons (f+g) (add F G)
```

Let me try doing it like this.

...Stack overflow.

```fs
| Cons(g,G') -> cons (f+g) (add F' G')
```

Let me do this.

```
[|1.0; 4.0; 10.0; 20.0; 35.0; 56.0; 70.0; 76.0; 73.0; 60.0; 36.0; 0.0|]
```

Yes, this output seems more like it.

I am bothered by that last zero a bit.

```
let l = [1.0;2.0] |> Stream.ofSeq
```

```
[|1.0; 4.0; 4.0; 0.0|]
```

Well, it should be 0, but why is it there at all?

```fs
        cons (f*g) (add (mul_by_term (mul F G)) (add (mul_by_const f G) (mul_by_const g F)))

    let main =
        let l = [2.0] |> Stream.ofSeq
```

Because of that `mul_by_term` call. Even if there is nothing at the end, that thing will add a zero to it. No way around it unless I want to peek.

This is good enough. It is not worth messing with it. Let me paste it once more.

```fs
module PowerSeries =
    open Hopac.Stream
    let rec add F G = F >>=* function Nil -> G | Cons(f,F') -> G >>=* function Nil -> F | Cons(g,G') -> cons (f+g) (add F' G')
    let mul_by_const c F = Stream.mapFun (fun x -> c * x) F
    let mul_by_term F = Stream.cons 0.0 F
    let rec mul (F : _ Stream) (G : _ Stream) : _ Stream =
        let ht F on_head = F >>=* function Nil -> Stream.nil | Cons(h,t) -> on_head (h,t)
        ht F <| fun (f,F) ->
        ht G <| fun (g,G) ->
        cons (f*g) (add (mul_by_term (mul F G)) (add (mul_by_const f G) (mul_by_const g F)))

    let main =
        let l = [1.0;2.0;3.0;4.0;5.0;6.0] |> Stream.ofSeq
        ((mul l l |> Stream.toSeq) >>- (Seq.toArray >> printfn "%A"))

PowerSeries.main |> run
```

The real exercise is not so much to transcribe the examples - I do not gain much from following the book like a robot. Rather the essence of it is captured here. I am getting experience. And in this case this is my first experience with Hopac streams.

4:05pm. I can't help but be pleased with how this came out. This is what I am going to be using to do editor support for Spiral. This small example is a peek into what is going to come.

I am absolutely going to master the library. Let me get back to the book.

4:15pm. 90/325. What is the `guard` supposed to do?

4:20pm. 92/235. Ok, this one I will skip. Figuring out how timeouts work in Hopac will have to wait for the future.

4:25pm. Is guard supposed to be something like `Alt.prepareJob`. I still don't know what that is supposed to be for. Or the difference between `Job.start` and `Job.queue` for that matter.

4:30pm. 96/325. The material in the book mirrors the Hopac tutorial.

4:40pm. 97/325. I won't bother translating this as it I am already falling asleep from this.

I want to make some progress through the book. I can always come back to this if I need it.

4:50pm. 105/325. This is so boring.

It seems that doing those two examples blasted through my creative budget.

5:10pm.

```fs
let wait t = MVar.take rnd_v ^=> fun rnd -> MVar.fill rnd_v rnd >>=. timeOutMillis (rnd.Next(t))
```

Let me change the above to...

```fs
let wait t = MVar.take rnd_v ^=> fun rnd -> let t = rnd.Next(t) in MVar.fill rnd_v rnd >>=. timeOutMillis t
```

What I had before is not good programming practice. No need to put your neck through the noose to save a few characters.

5:15pm.

> An important use of I-variables is for the efficient implementation of “one-shot” communications. For example, the communication from the timer thread to the buffer thread in Section 5.2.2 is done only once, and could be implemented using an I-variable. A prime example of one-shot communications are the reply communications found in many RPC style protocols. For example, the clock server of Section 4.2.3 allocated a new reply channel for each request, which was used to send only one reply (the wake-up message). We can reimplement this server using an I-variable to replace the reply channel.

This is a good point. It did not occur to me that IVars could be useful for this sort of thing.

> The advantage of this implementation is that sending a message on a channel is significantly more expensive than writing to an I-variable.

I'll have to keep this in mind.

5:20pm. 113/325.

Finally the streams come into the picture here.

5:25pm. 116/325.

> Another useful abstraction is a buffered multicast channel, which builds on the buffered channel abstraction by providing fan-out to multiple readers. A multicast channel has a single input port and number of output ports.

I hadn't seen this in Hopac. Quite interesting that CML touches on the domain of reactive extensions here.

5:30pm. 119/325.

> For example, multicast channels can be used in GUIs to support multiple views of a shared object.

I spent a lot of time thinking how I could put regular channels into the UI scheme and in the end concluded that Rx is just what I need for that use case. It seems the author agrees with me here on the choice of the necessary abstraction.

I really am quite tired. Somehow the tedium today set in pretty quickly. My resistance towards books seems to be lower in recent times. Still, it is 5:30pm. I am going to put in another half hour and then stop for the day. Despite my kvetching, the time is going by pretty quickly.

If I stop doing exercises and just focus on reading, I think I could finish the book in two days. It is not that big.

At that point, I think I will take a day off to do the half yearly review in advance.

It is quite fitting that the moment to start work on editor support would be enshrined in the review.

5:40pm. 120/325. Here the author suggests streams rather than multicasting. This is the approach Hopac took as well.

5:45pm. 125/325. I can't bear this. I am barely paying attention at this point.

5:50pm. 130/325. I am just skimming at this point.

134/325. Finally done with that chapter.

Chapter 6 is optional and is on the rationale for CML. Looking at the TOC, I have only 130 pages left to go in the book, the rest is the appendix.

And out of the remaining 5 chapters, on 2 are on real world programs which is of interest to me. In particular the software build system might be exactly what is up my alley.

I can do this. Two more days of this and then I am stepping onto the next stage.

6pm. But for now, I deserve a break. The 6pm rule has served well in keeping my SAN score at a tolerable level, so I will obey it. No need to let stress get to the level where it is subjectively hard to distinguish from stomach ulcers."

---
## [kfkitsune/cloyster](https://github.com/kfkitsune/cloyster)@[d24686e23f...](https://github.com/kfkitsune/cloyster/commit/d24686e23fe074b4aab0fc20152f2044ceac44e7)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 19:36:47 by Kyra

Drastically improve AD query speed

There's probably a more efficient way of handling the generic List we're using as the datastore here... it could break if there are sufficient objects or DCs polled to get the correct date. Possibly pre-compute the needed value to store it all locally? Akin to querying AD directly for the desire object type, storing the resulting count, then storing the quantity of DCs to query, taking the product plus some slack, then using that as the max List size?

Regardless, this 'Just Works', for the moment. And it doesn't make me hate myself for the prior commit's poor performance in querying AD.

Kinda still in progress, kinda complete. Possibly add a user prompt for user/computer object? And still need to dump this to a file of some description, but it works when run interactively (then dumped via something akin to ``$datastore | ConvertTo-Csv -NoTypeInformation | Out-File foo.csv``, or the like).

---
## [turanct/consumed-in](https://github.com/turanct/consumed-in)@[ab657d4d6d...](https://github.com/turanct/consumed-in/commit/ab657d4d6d835ccccfe5639072a7dad9d6766146)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 22:42:52 by turanct

Listened to a huge batch of podcasts again

- https://www.vrt.be/vrtnws/nl/2020/05/12/planeet-frank-4/
- http://walkingthefloor.com/episode-159-pokey-lafarge/
- https://gimletmedia.com/shows/heavyweight/76h8g68/heavyweight-check-in-4
- https://gimletmedia.com/shows/heavyweight/76h8zxz/heavyweight-check-in-5
- https://gimletmedia.com/shows/heavyweight/8wh7daj/heavyweight-check-in-6
- https://www.thisamericanlife.org/702/one-last-thing-before-i-go
- https://www.nodumbquestions.fm/listen/2020/4/27/083-covid19-call-in-episode
- https://www.buzzsprout.com/25488/3538252-305-how-to-get-a-gear-demo-channel-started
- https://www.functionalgeekery.com/episode-130-ivan-cukic/
- https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/the-smell-of-concrete-after-rain/
- https://gimletmedia.com/shows/reply-all/kwhae7z/the-scaredy-cats-horror-show
- https://legacycoderocks.libsyn.com/from-monolith-to-microservices-with-rob-zuber
- https://maintainable.fm/episodes/bryan-helmkamp-dont-let-perfect-be-the-enemy-of-good-11t8OMky
- https://elmtown.simplecast.fm/you-went-down-the-well-thats-the-cheat-way
- https://www.thisamericanlife.org/186/prom
- https://www.buzzsprout.com/25488/3623488-306-a-new-diy-book-and-hand-wired-pedals-are-sexy
- https://corecursive.com/051-bruce-tate-language-learning/
- https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/the-natural-experiment/
- https://songexploder.net/laura-marling
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/david-rolo-of-drolofx/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/zach-broyles-of-mythos-pedals/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/sarah-lipstate-of-noveller/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/music-therapy-w-chris-millet/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/yvette-young-of-covet/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/scott-harper-of-knobs-demos/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/the-pedal-movie-w-dan-orkin-and-michael-lux/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/mark-lettieri-of-snarky-puppy/
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/fluff-of-riffs-beards-gear/
- https://fullstackradio.simplecast.com/episodes/139-20f6bb42
- https://thejuicemedia.simplecast.com/episodes/the-machine-with-lizzie-oshea-and-ben-eltham-cdKkxp_9
- https://www.thisamericanlife.org/703/stuck
- https://maintainable.fm/episodes/vladimir-khorikov-100-test-coverage-is-an-artificial-metric-AEq_HlLZ
- http://walkingthefloor.com/episode-163-steve-gorman/
- https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/a-fantasy-of-fashion-articles-of-interest-7/
- https://elmtown.simplecast.fm/its-not-like-i-have-a-stoplight-on-my-desk
- https://www.buzzsprout.com/25488/3733478-307-how-covid-19-is-changing-the-gear-world
- https://gimletmedia.com/shows/reply-all/emhlez/161-brian-vs-brian
- https://theintercept.com/2020/05/14/is-elon-musk-a-fraud/
- https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/knockoffs-articles-of-interest-8/
- http://walkingthefloor.com/episode-164-jon-pardi/
- https://legacycoderocks.libsyn.com/code-review-with-pranay-suresh
- https://maintainable.fm/episodes/jeff-haynie-how-can-we-make-software-development-better-for-dev-teams-Z9H_0Rqd
- https://virtualddd.libsyn.com/ddd-london-ddd-lite-independent-service-heuristics-with-matthew-skelton
- https://virtualddd.libsyn.com/ddddd-bounded-contexts-microservices-and-everything-in-between
- https://corecursive.com/052-krystals-story/
- https://www.thisamericanlife.org/704/our-pulitzer-winning-episode
- https://tonemob.com/podcast/zambricki-li-of-magic-giant/
- https://www.functionalgeekery.com/functional-geekery-episode-131-martin-j-logan/
- https://www.buzzsprout.com/25488/3841652-308-opening-back-up-and-dad-rigs
- https://99percentinvisible.org/episode/perfume-articles-of-interest-9/
- https://songexploder.net/100-gecs
- https://theintercept.com/2020/05/21/is-bill-barr-the-most-dangerous-member-of-the-trump-administration/
- https://thejuicemedia.simplecast.com/episodes/the-machine-part-2-with-naomi-klein-AH3a98g_

---
## [DaveS97/Project-Chapoo-02](https://github.com/DaveS97/Project-Chapoo-02)@[2eec67f7ea...](https://github.com/DaveS97/Project-Chapoo-02/commit/2eec67f7eaa9dd982fc46a8b89368afe73b42d4a)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 23:10:31 by Davey Smit

fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck you chao de baco's

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[623ea1faa4...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/623ea1faa45c20b713657f862897e0e11d828a58)
#### Monday 2020-06-15 23:44:36 by Saqib Ali

Data Scientist Jobs - Conservation Careers. New data science program prepares students for real-world challenges | This Is SIU. Leveraging Predictive Data Science to Optimize Vegetation Management - Utility Analytics Institute. Magic: the Gathering — Leveraging Neural Nets in Art Direction | Data science | Briefly. Kupanda Group - Data Scientist. Virtual Data Science Information Session. MSc Social and Geographic Data Science — UCL Department of Geography. Fired Florida Data Scientist Launches A Coronavirus Dashboard Of Her Own | Health News Florida. R&amp;D Data Scientist (m/w/d) - Job bei Covestro Deutschland AG in Leverkusen. Leading bank accelerates transformation into a Digital Bank leveraging Incedo’s end-to-end Digital &amp; Data Science platform - Incedo – Tech Solutions, Consulting, Data, Analytics, Digital Transformation.

---

# [<](2020-06-14.md) 2020-06-15 [>](2020-06-16.md)

