# [<](2020-10-11.md) 2020-10-12 [>](2020-10-13.md)

3,138,640 events, 1,624,298 push events, 2,393,183 commit messages, 172,751,619 characters


## [lordxarus/fivefingerdiscount](https://github.com/lordxarus/fivefingerdiscount)@[d78601ac06...](https://github.com/lordxarus/fivefingerdiscount/commit/d78601ac063e74b8c70229e53c46e7e56324777f)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 00:33:27 by Jeremy Ball

Started working on GUI, made things more stable, more things I don't remember. Have to switch to Tribot because DreamBot devs are fucking braindead and can't be assed to support Kotlin. Fuck you Pandemic. Genius my ass

---
## [JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx](https://github.com/JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx)@[cb3ebf40b1...](https://github.com/JoeBidenWhatAreYouHiding/kx/commit/cb3ebf40b1cbe5be773065303a691401d808105c)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 01:09:30 by Dan Barnes

So Biden here congratulation that you have prove here the Server that you are the KING THE SUPER  CHAD  by avoiding the fair fight and run away like a girl . Mybe some of your ,, friends " will like that abit but manny people wgo have a good moral compass know that you have lost and sgow the server that you are a verr weak guy

---
## [lamarr2817/aimware](https://github.com/lamarr2817/aimware)@[2e664025c6...](https://github.com/lamarr2817/aimware/commit/2e664025c69251aee4fbf87940e812893a370b2e)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 02:16:10 by lamarr2817

major update

reworked how LBY editing is handled
added 'lisp' lby
removed random lby
removed anti-bruteforce because it's shitty and too much work

again thanks to Scape, L.A and Cheeseot for being very helpful and answering my (sometimes) retarded questions

more updates coming soon, 
might add auto update a lot of people seem to like the lua
might rename it because nomad kinda retarded but idk we'll see how it works out

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[17b73553bb...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/17b73553bb75d9454ac41cfccc3ca7e0111d3a48)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 04:05:48 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 10/12/2020 3:00:00 AM

 1. Added: Fuck you sunday - never let a side project die anymore on that day and just start
    (https://fuckyousunday.com/)

Generation took: 00:05:38.6327378
 Maintenance update - cleaning up homepage and feed

---
## [skittlemittle/procedural-garden](https://github.com/skittlemittle/procedural-garden)@[08f9fd2921...](https://github.com/skittlemittle/procedural-garden/commit/08f9fd292136ff6a9b5119ba9790a458f841b4be)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 11:23:55 by cautiouspotato

add basic tree generation

im legitimately ashamed ASHAMED of how long it
took to do this shit, holy fuck im retarded

---
## [libretro/mame2003-plus-libretro](https://github.com/libretro/mame2003-plus-libretro)@[6a4c828e10...](https://github.com/libretro/mame2003-plus-libretro/commit/6a4c828e108de615398489924b01599234be8aa0)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 15:22:18 by arcadez2003

Get rid of silly pal5bit hacks where possible

simpl156.c was originally backported from MAME130 so we can use use the palette handler from MAME106 removing the need
for those pal5bit hacks, one remains in dreamwld.c i'll look at that later

---
## [VorlonCD/bi-aidetection](https://github.com/VorlonCD/bi-aidetection)@[85541909c2...](https://github.com/VorlonCD/bi-aidetection/commit/85541909c2ddd0e1d89594967db55ab58e9aad44)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 15:35:16 by Chris

* Added camera setting to queue actions.  This will default to disabled since it may have an effect on telegram cooldown.
* Changed order of mask processing.  The old image mask will be checked first.  Before the dynamic mask routine was run first.
* Added history options to store or not store false alerts and masked alerts.  If disabled, database will be smaller and list will be easier to scroll through.  Better for troubleshooting if left enabled.  And remember that deepstack tends to give false alerts for animals at night - I review what it missed at night.
* Added min delay of 2 seconds after telegram send if the action is being queued just to make sure we dont hammer telegram and to partially avoid cooldown issue with queued actions.  I dont think this is fully taken care of yet.
* Fix startup issue if you are defaulting to the history tab

---
## [Oxygemo/cytrus-re](https://github.com/Oxygemo/cytrus-re)@[59ecc21d1f...](https://github.com/Oxygemo/cytrus-re/commit/59ecc21d1fe876f555069db487c12b24c5f4e3bc)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 16:17:31 by Odyssey346

Fuck off with the payment shit

you're not getting anything anyway

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[2d1d6047c6...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/2d1d6047c61464b2114a761ae2aff8349a4357c2)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 16:18:00 by Marko Grdinić

"4:35pm. Let me move to the testing. I am really getting the feel for this now. Since none of the piecer are particularly troublesome I should be able to make steady progress from here on out.

Let me test this thing though.

```fs
| PatDefaultValue | PatFilledDefaultValue | PatValue | PatSymbol | PatB | PatE -> term
```

Ah, forgot about these.

For fuck's sake, F# is really making me work here.

Why did this pattern suddenly stop working? This should teach me a lesson about reporting bugs and upgrading the IDE.

4:50pm. Finally put wildcards everywhere.

Let me finally run this thing.

4:55pm. From what I can see, it seems I got everything right the first time around. Quite an accomplishment.

Project file parsing works as well.

```fs
let hover (req : (VSCPos * (string option -> unit)) Stream) (req_tc : TypecheckerRes Stream) =
    let req, req_tc = Stream.values req, Stream.values req_tc
    let rec waiting = req_tc ^=> processing
```

I'll make this an recursive object. I doubt F# is good at inlining this anyway.

5pm. I am doing some last minute checking up. Right now everything is perfect.

The program feels fine in my mind. Unlike before, the individual pieces are modular and my new principles are proving their worth.

With this I am back to par in terms of functionality.

5:10pm. I am thinking. At this point, it is only now that I can start seriously consider doing multi file complation. Because these functions are so modular courtesy of streams, I'll be able to reuse their functionality.

I can build on this. And that is a huge thing to me. This refactor was well worth it.

5:15pm. Obviously, I am not going to be starting anything new today. I'll leave this for tomorrow. But I won't call the day here. Let me think about the next step for a while longer.

I'll charge up my determination.

As soon as I thought this, the new goal came to me. That would be to finally take notice of the project file. The project file is the first step. I need the current project schema to be present.

Previously, for the past half week I mean, I've only been imagining the data flow at various levels. This was important, and it is what led to this radical simplification using streams to be a success, but up to now I've not really given project files more than a passing thought.

Obviously though, before I can do the multi file compilation I should get the file order. That is central.

Well, I could just assume it and do the project files last, but really, the right order to do things in is in what you expect to give you the most trouble.

It is best to make some distance from what I've been doing now.

I should do the project files.

An idea occurred to me.

```
dirOut: qwe
dirSource: c:\qwe
version: 1.2.3 (alpha)
name: Test
files:
    A
    Submodule/
        QQ
        QQ
        W
        E
        Main
    Main
```

For the stuff in files here, one thing that would be good is to add links to them directly in the editor. That way the user could have an easy time moving between them.

Yeah, this direction is actually a very good one to go in. Make the project files more interactive!

I am already typechecking them - I can go even further than this!

5:30pm. I am going to have to put in efforts to ensure various things. For example that only one package owns a file.

How will I find the project file once a `.spi` or `.spir` file is opened?

5:35pm. I know that other languages allow source directories, but to make things easier on myself I'll add a simple rule that ownership is based on envelopment.

If a project file if present in a directory then all the `.spi`/`.spir` files in that directory and subdirectories (not owned by others) belong to the project file.

That will be an easy way of doing things.

I want file ownership not to depend on the project file's contents, only its location.

I'll go with such a rule.

5:50pm. Ideas are really coming to me. I could use code actions to create missing files in project files. Renaming as well. That way a project file could be everything I need to manage Spiral projects. No need to use the file explorer to select files and going back and forth when fixing their order.

I can have it all in one place. That would be wonderful.

This is worth doing. I am going to do this.

6pm. It is time I put effort into this. I must do more than just get Spiral to work. I must go beyond what I did last time.

Doing Spiral project files in a polished manner goes hand in hand with doing multi package and multi file compilation. I have the skills and the knowledge that I need to do this.

The first half of 2020 was all about helping me overcome my shyness towards frontend development and concurrency. In the last few days I even took a step further by realizing the true value of Hopac's streams. For the next few weeks, I should go forward and get the full grade. I'll do this perfectly and move to testing the partial evaluator with a serene heart.

6:05pm. If I can do this work, I'll be able to move into seeing what the market demand is for Spiral as early as December. This could allow me to make income off it as early as January of next year.

I want to have a somewhat finished product published on the VS Code extension marketplace. When I get to that point, that is when I will know I am ready.

6:15pm. Let me stop here for the day. Tomorrow, I am going to start drilling into the project files. I'll deal with multi file compilation early on before I start putting in fancy features.

But the fancy features won't be hard at all though. I should be able to make good progress if I can stay focused. I've overcome my mental blocks regarding how to do concurrent compilation so making that a reality should not be far fetched."

---
## [BioGearsEngine/pfc_scenario](https://github.com/BioGearsEngine/pfc_scenario)@[0465bc0ff3...](https://github.com/BioGearsEngine/pfc_scenario/commit/0465bc0ff3dbb5308081e4308e69a11e5284a6a3)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 17:43:03 by Steven A White

f/sawhite-ItemsInScene - Items InScene is working or Summary - It is very ugly because of some layout issues I was running in to that I believe is resolved.  We need to add the toggle to Edit mode which is where the magic really happens so we can skin the horrible looking summary once that is working. Then we need to edit equipment Pane in Syllabus to allow the creation of proeprties. After that this will be completed

---
## [stacey77nash/solution_resolutions](https://github.com/stacey77nash/solution_resolutions)@[7c0dcb77f4...](https://github.com/stacey77nash/solution_resolutions/commit/7c0dcb77f4a8956ac6eae74b48d1ba19edcc772f)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 18:56:02 by Stacey Nash

Create journal

This is a journal of my progress as learn the fundamentals of software engineering. I chose Github as my platform because I want my journal to include version control. Also, I use Github regularly, so I think that it will inspire me to write about my progress often.

I started an IBM Data Science Certificate course on October 1, 2020. What I have learned since then is that, although I am doing well on the quizzes after multiple attempts, that there is a foundational body of knowledge that I am missing that would help me in learning this vast subject. As a result, I find myself researching more about the fundamentals of computer science, and so far, it leads back to math.

Efficient code - clean coding - stems from an understanding of the theory behind the code. Math such as algorithms, linear algebra, calculus, statistics, and probability would help me on my journey.

I am only somewhat proficient in HTML and CSS. I need to learn an actual programming language, such as Python, JavaScript, Ruby, or SQL. As I go through the IBM tutorials and the SQL bootcamp (Zero to Mastery series), I am aware that learning advanced math would help my progress exponentially.

Last Friday, I changed my major from Health Information Technology to Computer Programming. As of today, October 12, the change is official. I wanted to start with Data Science, so I bought five books to help me get started. One on building a career in data science, a Python book, a Ruby book, "The Pragmatic Programmer", and "Cracking the Code". The books are thick, and they cover a lot of material. I have decided that learning how to program is not a sprint, but a marathon. And that's okay. However long it takes, that's how long it takes. If I need to start with software engineering, that's okay too. I enjoy programming, period.

---
## [pytorch/pytorch](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)@[d76e497a2d...](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/commit/d76e497a2dc42ed01664bbcf166129e6ff6e2a5b)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 19:55:53 by Edward Z. Yang

Rewrite implementation of faithful cpp signatures

This rewrite is as per my comments at https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/44087#issuecomment-701664506
I did the rewrite by reverting #44087 and then reimplementing it on top.
You may find it easier to review by diffing against master with only #44087
reverted.

There are two main ideas.

First, we now factor cpp argument processing into two phases operating
on three representations of data:

1. `FunctionSchema` - this is the source from native_functions.yaml
2. `Union[Argument, ThisArgument, TensorOptionsArgument]` - this is
   the arguments after doing some basic semantic analysis to group
   them (for TensorOptions) or identify the this argument (if this
   is a method).  There is only ever one of these per functions.
3. `Union[CppArgument, CppThisArgument, CppTensorOptionsArgument]` -
   this is the arguments after we've elaborated them to C++.  There
   may be multiple of these per actual C++ signature.

You can think of (2) as common processing, whereas (3) bakes in specific
assumptions about whether or not you have a faithful or non-faithful
signature.

Second, we now have CppSignature and CppSignatureGroup representing
the *total* public C++ API signature.  So those dataclasses are what
know how to render definitions/declarations, and you no longer have
to manually type it out in the Functions/TensorMethods codegen.

Here is an exhaustive accounting of the changes.

tools.codegen.api.types

- CppSignature and CppSignatureGroup got moved to tools.codegen.api.types
- Add new CppThisArgument and CppTensorOptionsArguments (modeled off
  of ThisArgument and TensorOptionsArguments) so that we can retain
  high level semantic structure even after elaborating terms with C++
  API information.  Once this is done, we can refine
  CppArgument.argument to no longer contain a ThisArgument (ThisArgument
  is always translated to CppThisArgument.  Note that this doesn't
  apply to TensorOptionsArguments, as those may be expanded or not
  expanded, and so you could get a single CppArgument for 'options')
- Add no_default() functional mutator to easily remove default arguments
  from CppArgument and friends
- Add an explicit_arguments() method to CppArgument and friends to
  extract (flat) argument list that must be explicitly written in the signature.
  This is everything except (Cpp)ThisArgument, and is also convenient
  when you don't care about the extra structure of
  CppTensorOptionsArguments

tools.codegen.api.cpp

- group_arguments is back, and it doesn't send things directly to a
  CppSignatureGroup; instead, it moves us from representation (1) to (2)
  (perhaps it should live in model).  Here I changed my mind from my
  PR comment; I discovered it was not necessary to do classification at
  grouping time, and it was simpler and easier to do it later.
- argument got split into argument_not_this/argument/argument_faithful.
  argument and argument_faithful are obvious enough what they do,
  and I needed argument_not_this as a more refined version of argument
  so that I could get the types to work out on TensorOptionsArguments

tools.codegen.api.dispatcher

- Here we start seeing the payoff.  The old version of this code had a
  "scatter" mode and a "gather" mode.  We don't need that anymore:
  cppargument_exprs is 100% type-directed via the passed in cpp
  arguments.  I am able to write the functions without any reference
  to use_c10_dispatcher

tools.codegen.gen

- Instead of having exprs_str and types_str functions, I moved these to
  live directly on CppSignature, since it seemed pretty logical.
- The actual codegen for TensorMethods/Functions is greatly simplified,
  since (1) all of the heavy lifting is now happening in
  CppSignature(Group) construction, and (2) I don't need to proxy one
  way or another, the new dispatcher translation code is able to handle
  both cases no problem.  There is a little faffing about with ordering
  to reduce the old and new diff which could be removed afterwards.

Here are codegen diffs.  For use_c10_dispatcher: full:

```
+// aten::_cudnn_init_dropout_state(float dropout, bool train, int dropout_seed, *, ScalarType? dtype=None, Layout? layout=None, Device? device=None, bool? pin_memory=False) -> Tensor
 Tensor _cudnn_init_dropout_state(double dropout, bool train, int64_t dropout_seed, const TensorOptions & options) {
-    return _cudnn_init_dropout_state(dropout, train, dropout_seed, optTypeMetaToScalarType(options.dtype_opt()), options.layout_opt(), options.device_opt(), options.pinned_memory_opt());
+    static auto op = c10::Dispatcher::singleton()
+        .findSchemaOrThrow("aten::_cudnn_init_dropout_state", "")
+        .typed<Tensor (double, bool, int64_t, c10::optional<ScalarType>, c10::optional<Layout>, c10::optional<Device>, c10::optional<bool>)>();
+    return op.call(dropout, train, dropout_seed, optTypeMetaToScalarType(options.dtype_opt()), options.layout_opt(), options.device_opt(), options.pinned_memory_opt());
 }
```

Otherwise:

```
+// aten::empty_meta(int[] size, *, ScalarType? dtype=None, Layout? layout=None, Device? device=None, bool? pin_memory=None, MemoryFormat? memory_format=None) -> Tensor
 Tensor empty_meta(IntArrayRef size, c10::optional<ScalarType> dtype, c10::optional<Layout> layout, c10::optional<Device> device, c10::optional<bool> pin_memory, c10::optional<MemoryFormat> memory_format) {
-    return empty_meta(size, TensorOptions().dtype(dtype).layout(layout).device(device).pinned_memory(pin_memory), memory_format);
+    static auto op = c10::Dispatcher::singleton()
+        .findSchemaOrThrow("aten::empty_meta", "")
+        .typed<Tensor (IntArrayRef, const TensorOptions &, c10::optional<MemoryFormat>)>();
+    return op.call(size, TensorOptions().dtype(dtype).layout(layout).device(device).pinned_memory(pin_memory), memory_format);
 }
```

Things that I probably did not get right:

- The Union[Argument, TensorOptionsArguments, ThisArgument] and
  the Cpp variants are starting to get a little unwieldy.  Not sure if
  this means I should add a supertype (or at the very least an
  alias); in some cases I do purposely omit one of these from the Union
- Code may not necessarily live in the most logical files.  There isn't
  very much rhyme or reason to it.
- The fields on CppSignature.  They're not very well constrained and
  it will be better if people don't use them directly.
- Disambiguation.  We should do this properly in #44087 and we don't
  need special logic for deleting defaulting for faithful signatures;
  there is a more general story here.

Signed-off-by: Edward Z. Yang <ezyang@fb.com>

ghstack-source-id: 13f420f5d848c6669e94950212ba55bd2470f9ef
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/45890

---
## [AuroraEngine/AuroraWM](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/AuroraWM)@[aa687d6a16...](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/AuroraWM/commit/aa687d6a169e1e04212008ca539e1ea5abb027cf)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 20:28:37 by J Reece Wilson

Fuck you. My nice card goes away when I have to go back and repeat commits because some half-wit copy/pasted a fucking stupid github-spoonfed .gitignore file verbatim

---
## [AuroraEngine/AuroraWM](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/AuroraWM)@[6f550be70e...](https://github.com/AuroraEngine/AuroraWM/commit/6f550be70e2a89a36c1601cedfc2cedd6f9e900b)
#### Monday 2020-10-12 20:42:13 by J Reece Wilson

I call this the commit that fixes the "HURRRDURRR MSDEVENV MAKES FOLDER ME SMASH." mentality. Idiots  who can't setup their solutions/vcxprojs, output, and im directories properly is not our problem. I guess, no, it is my fucking problem because I have to turn on my Windows VM, grab an HDMI cable, commit this shit, go back to my host, fix instances of auWm.org, git reset, and git commit,  because some genius decided that Microsoft owns the rights abstract concept of creating a fucking directory called "win32"

---

# [<](2020-10-11.md) 2020-10-12 [>](2020-10-13.md)

