# [<](2020-06-16.md) 2020-06-17 [>](2020-06-18.md)

2,500,841 events, 1,249,395 push events, 2,070,401 commit messages, 147,349,168 characters


## [Irrational-Encoding-Wizardry/lvsfunc](https://github.com/Irrational-Encoding-Wizardry/lvsfunc)@[45166db514...](https://github.com/Irrational-Encoding-Wizardry/lvsfunc/commit/45166db514c72d0b640e25f8e2f208d408612d94)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 00:14:54 by LightArrowsEXE

aa: upscaled_sraa: flake8 makes me sad

fuck you louis

---
## [cyphar/umoci](https://github.com/cyphar/umoci)@[847d33405f...](https://github.com/cyphar/umoci/commit/847d33405f3a77cfc73fd7992d49e0cced1ce77b)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 00:27:10 by Aleksa Sarai

site: make site mirror in-repo documents

This removes the need for two README-like markdown files to maintain,
and allows us to remove the silly hacks from hack/publish-site.sh. We
need to define aliases for all of the key site pages, but that isn't too
much of a pain to do. We also move the keyring file to the root of the
repo, to make it easier to find.

Note that we cannot add front-matter to the README.md because of a bug
in Hugo[1].

[1]: https://github.com/gohugoio/hugo/issues/7398

Signed-off-by: Aleksa Sarai <asarai@suse.de>

---
## [Jarinex/Kingmaker-Tweak-Mod](https://github.com/Jarinex/Kingmaker-Tweak-Mod)@[02855dd741...](https://github.com/Jarinex/Kingmaker-Tweak-Mod/commit/02855dd741219ae467bcf80d90057ac4a7778c35)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 02:18:10 by Jarinex

Create README.md

Tweak Mod is a mod for Pathfinder: Kingmaker that is designed to give challenge to the game. Inspired by Holic75’s “Kingmaker AI” mod, the mod is designed to shake encounters up by giving enemies more levels while also giving them new feats, abilities and spells!
I’ve always enjoyed challenge mods like SCS that people have made, and I feel that Kingmaker could definitely benefit from such a mod. Originally, Tweak Mod was designed for my own use, but I’ve really enjoyed messing with the game and improving it. Therefore, I would like others to try it as well and enjoy it.

NOTE: This mod is a work in progress and very early stage! A lot of what is shown here is subject to change! I will try and get to as many encounters as I can, but I don’t know if I will get to everything. If you have any ideas, I am open! 
I should also point out that I have only played with hsinyuhcan’s Turn-Based mod and haven’t tested this with the original RTwP.

THIS MOD REQUIRES CALL OF THE WILD BY HOLIC75!

Main Story Enemy Changes:
•	Dread Zombie Cleric
o	Increased Cleric levels (7 => 12)
o	Removed his spells as abilities and made him use spellbook
o	Gave the following spells
	Resist Energy Communal (Fire)
	Boneshaker
•	Vordakai
o	Increased Wizard levels (13 => 18)
o	Gave the following spells
	Summon Monster VII (Summons Soul Eaters)
	Horrid Wilting
	More to follow
•	Defaced Sister
o	Increased Fey levels (12 => 16)
o	Gave the following spells	
	Firestorm
	Plague Storm 
•	Cleric of Gorum
o	Increased Cleric levels
o	Removed Divine Power (will give as ability)
o	Gave the following spells
	Searing Pain

Magical Prison Encounter Changes:
•	Ferocious Devourer
o	Gave him Vordakai’s Fear Aura
o	Increased levels to 18 
•	Thick Lizard Encounter
o	Queen is now a cleric and casts helpful spells and heal
•	Insane Wizard
o	Level increased to 20
o	Now has displacement as a permanent buff instead of having to cast himself
o	Removed the following spells
	One instance of Summon Monster 8
o	Gave the following spells
	Tsunami
•	Evil Druid (Raspberry Gully)
o	Level increased to 20
o	AI changed to be a spellcaster instead of shape shifting to Smilodon (we have enough fights like that as is)
o	Gave the following spells
	Firestorm
	Plague Storm
	Tsunami
	Summon Elder Worm

Special Thanks:
Holic75 for his original KingmakerAI mod, which was the basis for this mod (and tries to do similar things). Some of the AI changes from his mod are in Tweak.
Spacehamster for major assistance in this mod. Without his help, I think the mod would have fallen apart completely. He helped me through a lot of issues!
Kingmaker Discord for being friendly and helpful 
Owlcat for the game itself!

Install
•	Download and install Unity Mod Manager 0.13.0 or later
•	Download the mod
•	Build it using Visual Studio 2017 Community Edition and put files into a folder called TweakMod
•	Run the game

---
## [strikles/strikles.github.io](https://github.com/strikles/strikles.github.io)@[5fa00b5254...](https://github.com/strikles/strikles.github.io/commit/5fa00b52548b686fca448242cc95a9d659279d56)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 05:58:56 by strikles

07:57 - Forced to feel nociceptive stimuli focused on my anus as I am forced to hear idiotic questions mocking me regarding "the meaning if the holy trinity" in christian faith.

---
## [porkybolshy-faggot/zfs](https://github.com/porkybolshy-faggot/zfs)@[834930e80b...](https://github.com/porkybolshy-faggot/zfs/commit/834930e80b056df2df5eced9199a2d131a1c8220)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 06:04:06 by Porky Bolshy

Counter the postmodernist bullshit

Fucking neo-marxists seemingly learned how to use git and sed.
Now we need to take a stand against this postmodernist bullshit!!!

These people have learnt no history, or ever heard the word etymology,
else they would know that the English word "slave" comes from ancient
Greek word "slav", which refers to ethnic Eastern European people.

These postmodernists hatefully treat Eastern Europeans like something
to be erreased, and instead glorify them fucking Niggers!!!

Let's stand up against these marxist agitators, and push back against
this bullshit. If you are a fucking snowflake, who needs a safe-zone
when you encounter the word "slave", I will tell where is your zone:

Dig a deep hole, kneel down in front of it, grab your fucking heels,
and wait until you get the headshot you deserve you fucking Bolshy pig!

As for all you niggers, jews, and fucking faggots out there, be prepared
because you'll be hanged, shot, and gassed in due time!

Sieg Heil!!!

---
## [javifm86/hugo-site](https://github.com/javifm86/hugo-site)@[0558f19874...](https://github.com/javifm86/hugo-site/commit/0558f198747dd291a32c7143ab8923f1a6343e93)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 06:48:17 by javifm86

Revert fix for sticky footer in IE11

It doesn´t work, fuck you IE11

---
## [ShapeShiftOS/android_vendor_aosp](https://github.com/ShapeShiftOS/android_vendor_aosp)@[04273c8f34...](https://github.com/ShapeShiftOS/android_vendor_aosp/commit/04273c8f34faf48e4e4935314f220a244a0a183b)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 07:13:20 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: Arghya Chanda <arghyac35@gmail.com>

---
## [randomcmd/MacManager](https://github.com/randomcmd/MacManager)@[b80a7e3bce...](https://github.com/randomcmd/MacManager/commit/b80a7e3bce3db5a79ba70afa29f1bb6f176569b4)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 08:55:54 by randomcmd

fucking hell i removed array added list fuck my life still error imports file twice plz fix

---
## [deltachat/deltachat-android](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-android)@[b6c49f67f5...](https://github.com/deltachat/deltachat-android/commit/b6c49f67f50f4c654c7e1117109993ea4b8a91a0)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 09:22:31 by Hocuri

You won't believe how this makes the compilation 4x faster!

Sorry for the click-bait title, but it fitted too well ;-)

Anyway, I added the possibility to ndk-make.sh to compile only for one
arch.

In my tests, if I also set the optimisation level to 0 (default is 3),
the compilation time went down from 3:30 to 1:20. Not sure if this is
worth it because I remember a comment stating that this makes generating
keys take forever. Maybe I should do some measurements and experiment
with levels 1 and 2 but that's for another PR.

What do you think?

---
## [aryamsharma/bash_shortcuts](https://github.com/aryamsharma/bash_shortcuts)@[a515a6c7bd...](https://github.com/aryamsharma/bash_shortcuts/commit/a515a6c7bd4f1f05a34b62f7d561df7f3adc236f)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 09:52:51 by Aryam Sharma

added an example cause im a stupid bitch and I forget shit

---
## [Mu-L/awesome-hacking-1](https://github.com/Mu-L/awesome-hacking-1)@[c93ff660eb...](https://github.com/Mu-L/awesome-hacking-1/commit/c93ff660eb0b0233cb1d76d4e61b2596c2fe08a8)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 11:02:02 by Hack like a Pornstar

Update books.md

There are so many books one can find on infosec, from Hacking Exposed to the Web Application Handbook. However, the books that I suggest in this pull request are of a different kind. They portray real life hacking scenarios where the reader shadows a hacker trying to break into a company. They get to experience the frustraiton, joy and excitment of a real hacking engagement.
Furthermore, the techniques and tips focus on common systems and network configurations: Windows, Mainframes, Active Directory, Linux, etc.
Cheers,

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[ae6b4d158d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/ae6b4d158de338028d82ee86a746e48852a74d0e)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 11:15:16 by Marko Grdinić

"9:05am. I am up and my stamina is back up. Let me slack for a bit and then I will watch those two talks. Then comes review time.

9:55am. Almost ready to start.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qRWTws_YPBA&feature=youtu.be
LDN Functionals #8 KC Sivaramakrishnan: OCaml multicore and programming with Reagents

Ok, let me go for it.

...For some reason in the latest version, the links feature is completely broken. I'll have to copy paste the URL into the browser.

10:25am. https://youtu.be/qRWTws_YPBA?t=1024

Hopac actually does have these features. I really need to test `<+>` to see if it does what I think it should do.

Actually let me give it a try now. I'll pause the video here for a bit.

```fs
job {
    let c1,c2 = Ch(), Ch()
    let! r = Promise.start (Ch.take c1 <+> Ch.take c2 >>- fun (a,b) -> a+b)
    do! Ch.give c1 1
    do! Ch.give c2 2
    return! r
    }
|> run
|> printfn "%i"

System.Console.ReadKey()
```

Let me give this a try. I'll try swapping the order. If this is really disjoint it should work.

```fs
job {
    let c1,c2 = Ch(), Ch()
    let! r = Promise.start (Ch.take c1 <&> Ch.take c2 >>- fun (a,b) -> a+b)
    do! Ch.give c2 2
    do! Ch.give c1 1
    return! r
    }
|> run
|> printfn "%i"

System.Console.ReadKey()
```

This deadlocks, but with `<+>` (and `<&>`) it works.

10:30am. Yeah, this is nice. Let me do one more thing...

```fs
let rnd_v = MVar(Random())
let wait t = MVar.take rnd_v ^=> fun rnd -> let t = rnd.Next(t) in MVar.fill rnd_v rnd >>=. timeOutMillis t
```

It is this thing again.

```fs
let rnd_v = MVar(Random())
let wait t = (rnd_v |> MVar.modifyFun (fun rnd -> rnd, rnd.Next(t))) ^=> timeOutMillis
```

Here is an alternative implementation that is more concise. `MVar`s can be used as a reference.

10:40am. The last primitive operator is `<&>` which Hopac has. I do not know how Hopac would compare performance wise, but all the ingredients are there.

10:45am. https://youtu.be/qRWTws_YPBA?t=1383

Ah, no, the `<*>` operator is not the same as here...I am not sure. Also can the `>>>` operator be implemented the same way as in here? I know that Hopac has those Kleisli operators, but I do not know whether or not they are atomic.

http://hopac.github.io/Hopac/Hopac.html#def:val%20Hopac.Infixes.%3E=%3E
> Creates a job that is the composition of the given two job constructors. (x2yJ >=> y2zJ) x is equivalent to x2yJ x >>= y2zJ and is much like the >> operator on ordinary functions.

Nope, it is not atomic.

11:05am. Did some Reddit posting and extended my original post with an extra on Reagents. I thought this video would be dull to those guys, but it was rather well received judging by the number of upvotes.

Now come the talk on Effects.

http://www.ccs.neu.edu/home/turon/thesis.pdf
Understanding And Expressing Scalable Concurrency

Inspired by the talk I posted, somebody also posted this. Looking at the TOC I see there is a section on backoff which I do not what it is at the moment, but as it is 299 pages I certainly won't be diving into it right now. This thesis would be an excellent place to start if I ever want to write my own concurrency library, which I do not ever expect to have to do.

11:20am. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jI-AlWEwYI&feature=youtu.be
Alexis King - “Effects for Less” @ ZuriHac 2020

Let me take a look at this for a bit and then I'll be done with my study interlude.

11:40am. https://youtu.be/0jI-AlWEwYI?t=975

This is interesting. Well, having things in multiple modules won't be any problem whatsoever in Spiral.

11:55am. https://youtu.be/0jI-AlWEwYI?t=1704
> The simplest, most naive solution that does not work is type dispatch.

This has my interest considering I am going to use it in Spiral.

https://youtu.be/0jI-AlWEwYI?t=2910
> So there is various reasons why I think whole program specialization is really not viable and I think pursuing this is a lost cause and it is hopeless, and we really should not try to commit to whole program specialization.

And yet it is the only way to cleanly combine different languages. Hard to do a Cuda backend with the kind of strategy GHC uses. It would take some work, but it would be possible to combine whole program specialization with JITing.

https://youtu.be/0jI-AlWEwYI?t=2950
> Effect systems are fundamentally about dynamic dispatch.

I have no opinion on whether algebraic effects are fundamentally about this, but I would not assume that it follows based on the previous premise.

1:05pm. Done with the talk. The thing is, the issue with bind being slow at runtime is also why it would be slow at compile time in Spiral. I've thought a bit about inlining during the prepass, but could not get far with that.

Hmmm...

Well, things like state and reader won't be used as often as they are in Haskell so forget that.

1:10pm. I think I agree with her that algebraic effects need dynamic dispatch if they are not monadic in nature.

...Hmmm, could I implement something like compile time delimited continuations? It would be possible to just grab the program slice at compile time without necessarily having to do filtering. That would make monads a lot faster to compile in Spiral.

I'll leave that as an future exercise. It probably won't be necessary so I won't worry about it.

1:15pm. Let me have breakfast here."

---
## [vrothberg/skopeo](https://github.com/vrothberg/skopeo)@[58248412bd...](https://github.com/vrothberg/skopeo/commit/58248412bd2384d4891b3b201402f443c3176a33)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 11:48:25 by Ed Santiago

System tests: various fixes

 - zstd test - give unique name.

   a36d81c copy/pasted an existing test but didn't give
   the new test a new name, leading to bats warning:
      duplicate test name(s) in [...]/020-copy.bats

 - start_registry() - use bash builtins, not curl, to test
   if registry port is open.

   curl on Fedora now barfs with "Received HTTP/0.9 when not
   allowed" when the registry is run with SSL, because the
   response is not valid HTTP. One workaround would be 'curl
   --http0.9' but (surprise) that option doesn't exist on rhel8;
   and even with that option we would need --output /dev/null
   to silence a different curl warning. Curl is overkill
   for this purpose anyway, all we really need is netcat
   or some simple binary is-port-listening-or-not test.
   Fortunately, bash provides a /dev/tcp/<host>/<port>
   emulator that does the right thing and works on Fedora
   as well as RHEL8.

 - new log_and_run() helper

   This is the noisiest yet least critical part of this PR.
   I'm sorry. It's motivated by my frustration in trying
   to reproduce the curl problem above: getting just the
   right incantation of openssl + podman-run cost me time.
   With this enhancement, important commands are logged
   as part of the output of failing tests, making it
   easy[*] for maintenance programmers to figure out a
   recipe for reproducing the failure.

     [*] "easy" as long as the test-writing developer
         uses log_and_run() wisely.

Signed-off-by: Ed Santiago <santiago@redhat.com>

---
## [BeeStation/NSV13](https://github.com/BeeStation/NSV13)@[3e0a6095a8...](https://github.com/BeeStation/NSV13/commit/3e0a6095a8409174ea7d1a4df1f3c77e6a5f7f67)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 12:54:23 by Francinum

fucking shit cunt fuck ass motherfucker hot damn

Signed-off-by: Francinum <5572280+francinum@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP)@[a904740358...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13-RP/commit/a9047403582e5462771bef12f34b774d5f82d298)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 15:49:54 by Zandario

Sprite Shit

Adds new and fixes some old sprites, kinda rushed for the sake of fucking tiiime

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[00ce3ba73b...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/00ce3ba73b16b32a84cb87033da5bc0f5efe0b37)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 17:18:45 by Marko Grdinić

"2:15pm. Done with breakfast. Not done with chilling though.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og847HVwRSI
Most Popular Programming Languages 1965 - 2019

Maybe I'll post this on the PL sub. Let me take a look.

Wow, Ada became popular quickly in the early 80s. Throughout, assembler is less popular than I thought it would be. In the 70/80s I thought it would be more dominant due to low computing power available at that time.

2:25pm. No, I do not want to post this. It is too memey...but I have to.

2:30pm. Ok, now comes Hagure Idol...

3:10pm. Done with the break. Let me start the review.

///

It is almost the midpoint of 2020. Let me do a review.

It the start of the year I remember being despodent over math. In 2019 I spent a lot of time studying formal proofs, but in the end that turned out to be of limited use. When the time came to actually try out those skills by translating some of the ML paper proofs came, I ended up reaching for randomized testing in favor of dependent types. As time consuming as writing the generator for that CFR paper proof was, it was still much easier to deal with than Agda.

I went through Software Foundations, but not even once have a I done a proof where the proof assistant actually assisted me in getting an understanding of the program. In practice, when I met the harshness of the real world the pretensions of type theory were swept away by the practicality of the lesser styles of programming. I was really hoping that I'd get better math skills out of learning formal proofs, but the kinds of things I got better at weren't actually the kinds of things I'd hoped to get better at.

Back in January I wasn't actually sure what the next step in my journey should be. For a few dark days, I'd honestly considered Python, but that would be a complete defeat as I'd have to abandon the style I had so carefully nurtured for years.

Thought I've fallen far short of my aim with reinforcement learning, Spiral itself was a success. As a language it is innovative, powerful, expressive and efficient. It really is the perfect bridge between high level platforms with GC such as .NET, and low level ones that require manual or no memory allocation such as Cuda. It makes it trully easy to compile to and interoperate with not just one, but a whole stack of languages.

Its virtues cannot be denied. Yet back in January 2019 I was fed up with it as it was so tedious to use. At first I was in love with its power, but once that faded I began to really feel the pinch of how much work it is making me do. The main problem with Spiral in that in removing the restrictions of F# which I based it on and moving from top-down to bottom-up type inference while I gained power, I also lost what made F# so nice to program in.

Therefore, I resolved to get those things that I left behind back. I could not do it back in 2018, but once I started the ideas kept coming to me. Maybe the one year hiatus where I did math and other assorted things helped brew the next version in my subconscious. I'd like to think so. If that is the case, maybe 2019 was not a complete waste of time.

That brings us to 2020. In order to make Spiral as nice as F# to use I need to tap into its main strength - top down type inference. Though top-down (via unification) and bottom-up (via partial evaluation) are fundamentally different, there is also a lot of overlap. And I have an understanding how to integrate the two now. If it were just type inference though, I would have been done by now. I already did a redesign in January and since then the language implementation has just been collecting dust waiting for that to come.

Besides top down type inference, I also want editor support. Learning the prerequisites to that has taken the entirety of my time since the start of February up to now. In fact, I am done just now and after I finish this review I will finally be able to start work on that.

Back in February I set figuring out how to do editor support as my goal. I tried doing sensible things like studying other plugins, studying the language server parts of the VS Code API, studying web frameworks (for insight on how to connect disparate systems), Javascript, Typescript along with basic web knowledge...things of that nature. The end result of the first two and a half months of that is that it was a waste of time. The turning point came for me when I remembered the reactive extensions stuff I did in Scala back in 2015.

Basically, since February up to that point, my mentality for lack of insight was that I needed some kind of framework to connect VS Code which is Typescript + Node.js to the eventual Spiral language server which would be written in F#. And it was quite perplexing at how that simple goal was so difficult to attain. It was so difficult that I was essentially wandering through the landscape studying arbitrary things.

Since the turning point, a certain awareness grew on me. I realized that yes, you can for example learn web development by learning JS,TS and picking up some framework. But those things are trivial. To actually be good at web development, you need to be good at managing its complexity. And for that you need to understand concurrency. Not necessarily at the low level, but instead what you need to understand is how to us abstractions like the [reactive extensions](http://introtorx.com/). And as luck would have it, being good at Rx will also make [doing UIs](https://github.com/mrakgr/Lithe-POC) significantly easier. I was amazed at how once I sat down and tried it, doing the MVU pattern came quite easily to me. I was quite astonished that getting the elegance of Elm does not require a specialized language, nor a library like [Fabulous](https://fsprojects.github.io/Fabulous/). A bit of skill at handling reactive combinators is all that was needed and the organization capability it gave me more than made it worth studying it. They are so useful and it is possible to use these skills anywhere.

This gave me the courage to instead of looking for shortcuts, to try studying the VS Code editor directly. Having the confidence that I would not have to code monkey my way through the challenge in front of me I tried seriously studying the samples and this time they work [came to me](https://github.com/mrakgr/vscode-extension-samples). As it turns out, seriously studying the LSP stuff was a huge mistake and it became very quickly clear after I picked the right path that the LSP samples and the library powering them are just a large mass of useless boilerplate.

At this point, chronologically the story was early May. At that point I knew Rx and I knew VS Code so on paper it seemed like I had everything I need to start work on editor support. For the first time I was confident that it could work and so I gave it a try. But I hit a snag.

You'd imagine that it would be easy to do something like connect two different programs on the same computer and have them send messages to each other. On Node, I found the `node-ipc` package, but very quickly on the .NET side I realized things were more complicated. Rather than giving me some kind of message passing library, in the .NET standard library there are low level sockets which act as streams. This to me felt like a really bad idea, and right at the outset I decided that spending my time doing my own network protocols is not how I want to roll. Very quickly, I discovered [ZeroMQ](http://zguide.zeromq.org/). And I spent a few weeks translating the examples from the guide to [F# + NetMQ](https://github.com/mrakgr/Lithe-POC/blob/f34d9c91c9e5966208c1099fe05779cc9516e80f/Lithe%20Avalonia%20Examples/05_NetMQ.fs). I was quite excited to finally break my CLI dependency and Rx really paid off for me here - yeah, I know I seem to be complaining in the comments to that file, but in general the whole thing came out great. Towards the end I just ran out of steam to redo the example properly. The example is a great contribution to the Lithe repo and really showcases F#'s ability to do functional abstractions. From here on out Avalonia will be my UI library of choice.

At this point, the story is close to the present time. After becoming familiar with the distributed computing capabilities of ZeroMQ/NetMQ, I gave editor support another try. I did not actually want to try the whole language right away, instead in v0.2 what Spiral will have is its own config files. Its functionality is isolated from the rest of the language and I wrote [the parser for it](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/ae6b4d158de338028d82ee86a746e48852a74d0e/The%20Spiral%20Language%20v0.2/Config.fs) a few months ago. As a little showcase of ZeroMQ in action, here is [the Node client](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/ae6b4d158de338028d82ee86a746e48852a74d0e/VS%20Code%20Plugin/src/index.ts) and the [F# server](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/ae6b4d158de338028d82ee86a746e48852a74d0e/The%20Spiral%20Language%20v0.2/ConfigServer.fs). The examples are small and isolated enough to study for anybody else considering doing this. If you run the client and the server, you will see that the plugin will activate and the editor will actually show errors in the config file with red underbars where they are relevant. It is quite nice.

Having done that, I was almost ready. Almost. Originally, I thought that I could design the compiler pipeline as an observable and use reactive extensions to power it. But, even though it worked so well for me with GUIs, once I sat down to actually try and prototype it in the small I very quickly saw issues with my original scheme and realized that reactive push concurrency (the kind champtioned by Rx) is actually a bad fit for my use case. Thankfully, when I study I made sure to do it broadly, so very soon after I realized that my original plan is poor, I realized what would be a good fit for doing editor support for a language.

[Hopac](https://github.com/Hopac/Hopac) is probably the greatest F# library nobody ever heard about. The [CML style concurrency](https://youtu.be/pf4VbP5q3P0) it offers is much more expressive than what what actors would offer and a clear fit for different kinds of needs a language server would require. As an intro, from the CML book I translated some of [the examples to Hopac](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/ae6b4d158de338028d82ee86a746e48852a74d0e/The%20Spiral%20Language%20v0.2%20(typechecking)/HopacExample.fs). And I am done with the prototype for [the language server](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/blob/ae6b4d158de338028d82ee86a746e48852a74d0e/The%20Spiral%20Language%20v0.2%20(typechecking)/Prototyping.fs).

With this everything is finally set. I have all the skills that I need to not code monkey this part of the process.

I've spent 4.5 months building up the prerequisites to finally start work on this and my reward is that I can now start. I really wish somebody could have just pointed me at ZeroMQ, Rx and Hopac back in February. I really wish that I'd put in more effort into actually understanding Rx back in 2015 rather than brainlessly doing the Scala course exercises. It really would have made a difference not just now, but even back in 2016 when I code monkeyed that poker app and concluded that UIs were not worth it. They are worth it now.

I wish I was crushing the online gambling dens rather than working towards an upgrade to my programming language, but I can at least take solace that this is not like trading. Programming is the most fundamental of all skills in existence. If you are not sure what to pick - you can't go wrong with programming, that is for sure. Not if you do it right.

Ultimately, AI skill will boil down to programming skill with some math sprinkled on the side. And once the required level is attained, investment when it happens sure won't be in the stock market. Back in my trading days I might not have won, but I haven't lost to the market either. I sure made up for that by fucking myself in the usual fashion by figuring out the self improvement loop. Obsoleting something I practiced at for over half a decade gave me some damage.

---

In 2014, I wrote Simulacrum mostly because the concept of the self improvement loop inspired. It was like a declaration of victory; the proof that I understood it. Afterwards, since nothing is perfect one of the things I wanted the most is to get some criticism on that aspect, but disappointingly that has not come which left the task of advancing the philosophy behind it to me.

I do not have the time to resume Simulacrum itself, but let me in this review advance the philosophy.

///

6:50pm. I am still writing the review, but at this point I am really tired.

7:05pm. Did some proof reading of the above, but I am too tired to continue right now. My stress is at its limit.

7:05pm. This is what watching videos gets me.

7:10pm. That meme quality most pupular languages 1965-2019 video I posted actually got downvoted so far, while the educational CML one was well received. I guess the PL sub regulars really do have a decent level of IQ compared to the general public. I wasn't sure what the reaction would be, but right now the sub is in an ideal state. /r/futurology was great too while it was small. I haven't gone there for ages now.

7:15pm. I'll finish the review tomorrow.

For the day, I am out."

---
## [newstools/2020-sahara-reporters](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sahara-reporters)@[6642eaed51...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sahara-reporters/commit/6642eaed51473cf9b87b3621a270638c939135e1)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 17:55:13 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [saharareporters.com/2020/06/17/22-year-old-female-ekiti-university-student-dies-boyfriends-apartment-osun]

---
## [TheOnly8Z/ConquestSystem](https://github.com/TheOnly8Z/ConquestSystem)@[6ddb06e99a...](https://github.com/TheOnly8Z/ConquestSystem/commit/6ddb06e99a0e127a7e8fdccb0db91589f5193a44)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 20:31:52 by TheOnly8Z

Fix'd your shit, mate

- Points will no longer overwrite another point of the same tag on another map
- Point HUD will disappear when near center
- Bloody hell what's with the indentation!

---
## [Nerptastic/google-homepage](https://github.com/Nerptastic/google-homepage)@[d2eae853fd...](https://github.com/Nerptastic/google-homepage/commit/d2eae853fd586739a24b8b7afab7a5ff5e16f20e)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 21:04:13 by Nerptastic

 Added number game instead of the google homepage and added some other stuff for you bum ass idiot mens so that tyou fcan suck on these nuts big bitches

---
## [Perfectfire33/flaskr](https://github.com/Perfectfire33/flaskr)@[483f5a3e02...](https://github.com/Perfectfire33/flaskr/commit/483f5a3e021c9cc90c2afec2dc261c784d531731)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-17 23:09:22 by Perfectfire33

1a Neal Kahle

a1

Oh my god Joe. You really honestly need help. Please check yourself into a hospital or something. I’m blocking you n



Now since you can’t seem to not contact me. Please leave me alone.
8/21/18, 6:36 AM



Well, seeing that you unblocked me, let me explain a bit more...
First off, I DID go to a mental hospital, ask my previous coworker who literally drove me there the day after my out-of-body experience, Neal Kahle:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/neal-kahle-6347a861/
and I scared the living SHIT out of all of them.
I have his email: nealkahle@hotmail.com
I'm sure we can retrieve medical records if necessary.
He'd probably be happy to hear from someone like you. He has 4 kids. I've sent him and the group at Interactive Intelligence email updates, but I haven't been allowed to send any new updates recently.
Also two others:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/david-record-592615126/
https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-feldkamp-901568130/

Now, I know this may seem all very confusing,
so I'd be happy to explain more at any time

Here is the INDIANA group who has also been notified:
{
leigh@cofrin.com,
realmille500@gmail.com,
skywise@iquest.net,
nealkahle@hotmail.com,
andrew_payne@me.com,
jim.ostrognai@gmail.com,
bdschultz@gmail.com,
armandocjr@gmail.com,
tiffney@connect4.io,
bkbaxter@gmail.com,
wendall.hershberger@gmail.com,
psoni9899@gmail.com,
snipa.v1@gmail.com,
metchison3@ivytech.edu,
wesmcouch@gmail.com
}
Those I know from Michigan Tech have also been notified.

---

# [<](2020-06-16.md) 2020-06-17 [>](2020-06-18.md)

