# [<](2020-07-21.md) 2020-07-22 [>](2020-07-23.md)

2,521,806 events, 1,266,071 push events, 1,998,315 commit messages, 145,321,289 characters


## [plzrobbob/Yard-Wars](https://github.com/plzrobbob/Yard-Wars)@[1875a7377d...](https://github.com/plzrobbob/Yard-Wars/commit/1875a7377dbbf4aa4aa448fe045132248e5450a7)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 00:29:40 by Cameron Maclean

Post Op

Here you see the fucked repo sleeping soundly after it's emergency surgery. It had a terrible pain in the ass, making it unable to perform the duties expected of it. Luckily we were able to save most of the ass, and it is expected to make a full recovery.

---
## [jtbrower/WinUI](https://github.com/jtbrower/WinUI)@[85fc4a4677...](https://github.com/jtbrower/WinUI/commit/85fc4a4677930f6edf1be5bfee013b7c746a18cf)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 00:32:59 by Jason Brower

WIP Part 2 : Gone with Wind32 Titlebar

- [x] Maximize button is only visible when not already maximized
- [x] Restore button is only visibile when Window is maximized
- [x] WindowRootGrid is now called WindowRoot
- [x] Added a WindowRoot view model
- [x] Added a Window State Enum for Minimized, Maximized and Other

Please see my prior check-in for the first push towards the effort
to create a lookless Window where the Win32 border and Titlebar
are never used, but all features they would provide still exist.  Other
than cleanup and my normal addiction to refactoring, most of the
work is complete for this feature.

With what I have now, there will be some confusion when it comes
to a UIElements child/children/Content etc.  For example, the
WindowRoot inherits from the UWP LayoutTransformControl that
actually inherits from Grid.  The LayoutTransformControl has a
member called Child.  When I inherit from LayoutTransformControl
I set the Child with another Grid that has two rows.  One row is
in fact the Titlebar and the other is the clients content (what we
normally think of as the Window.Content.  I place the client content
into the second row by providing a property called Content.  So,
when you look at the inheritence path, the LayoutTransformControl
has Grid.Children that it provides access to via its single
LayoutTransformControl.Child.  I inherit from this control and
provide the WindowRoot.Content property.   I am not sure which
is more confusing, my explanation of this or the implementation of
it.

The TitleBar control had four event handlers that were dead code
that I removed.

In Program.cs I updated the InitializeServices method to change
the scope of several injected services to be Transients because
that scope causes much less concerns about lifetime and even
though my example is simple, I didn't want it to be copied and
pasted into the wild as a bunch of singletons.

Until this check-in, the Titlebar was part of the MainPage (was
once called the SettingsPage).  However, I pushed that logic
up closer to the actual Window itself because I do not want
a page to have to concern itself with the Window's titlebar.

On a final random check-in note, I never like the fact that XAML
files need to provide a default parameter-less constructor to
please the Visual Studio designer.  When using nullable, it causes
a real pain because the existence of that constructor means that
you have to protect those properties by null checking them or
disable the related analyzer warnings.  Even though WinUI
doesn't work with a designer right now, I figured I would code
this as if it does.

---
## [TauSigma5/protonvpn-cli-ng](https://github.com/TauSigma5/protonvpn-cli-ng)@[88b2f07b35...](https://github.com/TauSigma5/protonvpn-cli-ng/commit/88b2f07b35952d5a7f4edafffbaec01cf2a8921f)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 02:20:19 by Thomas Anderson

Realize that curses and lambdas do not work together and that all of this was a waste of effort. Fuck my life. Time to rewrite the whole thing in urwid

---
## [DanyeWestinator/DnD_thang](https://github.com/DanyeWestinator/DnD_thang)@[57d455d381...](https://github.com/DanyeWestinator/DnD_thang/commit/57d455d381114d19ccb3c8f2c513824da671197f)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 03:48:08 by Dane Carstens

Movement recursion works

Paint your household pets blue and mutilate baby foxes in thanks! The movement recursion works at last! (also how unity determines what order start function gets called in is a fucking mystery)

---
## [leahfortier/pokemon](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon)@[ea3d9412ac...](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon/commit/ea3d9412acb31d204237413aa0788ecdb0be3bac)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 03:50:25 by leahfortier

ruining all the images by resizing them and making them fuzzy and bad!

- yeah I know I'm just gonna need to redownload all of these images once I find an appropriate solution (aka figuring out how to make the increased sprite size work for the layout and not the other way around)
- but yeah these party sprites look realllllllllyyyy bad but there are already several that look terrible so might as well make everything look terrible until I can be so frustrated I have to fix it
- also really need to find out how to resize things without making them terrible because they look so bad and I hate myself for being so bad at everything

---
## [jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi)@[b6e13e8582...](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi/commit/b6e13e85829f032411b896bd2f0d6cbe4b0a3c4a)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 07:45:58 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Fix ttwu() race

Paul reported rcutorture occasionally hitting a NULL deref:

  sched_ttwu_pending()
    ttwu_do_wakeup()
      check_preempt_curr() := check_preempt_wakeup()
        find_matching_se()
          is_same_group()
            if (se->cfs_rq == pse->cfs_rq) <-- *BOOM*

Debugging showed that this only appears to happen when we take the new
code-path from commit:

  2ebb17717550 ("sched/core: Offload wakee task activation if it the wakee is descheduling")

and only when @cpu == smp_processor_id(). Something which should not
be possible, because p->on_cpu can only be true for remote tasks.
Similarly, without the new code-path from commit:

  c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")

this would've unconditionally hit:

  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL);

and if: 'cpu == smp_processor_id() && p->on_cpu' is possible, this
would result in an instant live-lock (with IRQs disabled), something
that hasn't been reported.

The NULL deref can be explained however if the task_cpu(p) load at the
beginning of try_to_wake_up() returns an old value, and this old value
happens to be smp_processor_id(). Further assume that the p->on_cpu
load accurately returns 1, it really is still running, just not here.

Then, when we enqueue the task locally, we can crash in exactly the
observed manner because p->se.cfs_rq != rq->cfs_rq, because p's cfs_rq
is from the wrong CPU, therefore we'll iterate into the non-existant
parents and NULL deref.

The closest semi-plausible scenario I've managed to contrive is
somewhat elaborate (then again, actual reproduction takes many CPU
hours of rcutorture, so it can't be anything obvious):

					X->cpu = 1
					rq(1)->curr = X

	CPU0				CPU1				CPU2

					// switch away from X
					LOCK rq(1)->lock
					smp_mb__after_spinlock
					dequeue_task(X)
					  X->on_rq = 9
					switch_to(Z)
					  X->on_cpu = 0
					UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									// migrate X to cpu 0
									LOCK rq(1)->lock
									dequeue_task(X)
									set_task_cpu(X, 0)
									  X->cpu = 0
									UNLOCK rq(1)->lock

									LOCK rq(0)->lock
									enqueue_task(X)
									  X->on_rq = 1
									UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// switch to X
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	switch_to(X)
	  X->on_cpu = 1
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

	// X goes sleep
	X->state = TASK_UNINTERRUPTIBLE
	smp_mb();			// wake X
					ttwu()
					  LOCK X->pi_lock
					  smp_mb__after_spinlock

					  if (p->state)

					  cpu = X->cpu; // =? 1

					  smp_rmb()

	// X calls schedule()
	LOCK rq(0)->lock
	smp_mb__after_spinlock
	dequeue_task(X)
	  X->on_rq = 0

					  if (p->on_rq)

					  smp_rmb();

					  if (p->on_cpu && ttwu_queue_wakelist(..)) [*]

					  smp_cond_load_acquire(&p->on_cpu, !VAL)

					  cpu = select_task_rq(X, X->wake_cpu, ...)
					  if (X->cpu != cpu)
	switch_to(Y)
	  X->on_cpu = 0
	UNLOCK rq(0)->lock

However I'm having trouble convincing myself that's actually possible
on x86_64 -- after all, every LOCK implies an smp_mb() there, so if ttwu
observes ->state != RUNNING, it must also observe ->cpu != 1.

(Most of the previous ttwu() races were found on very large PowerPC)

Nevertheless, this fully explains the observed failure case.

Fix it by ordering the task_cpu(p) load after the p->on_cpu load,
which is easy since nothing actually uses @cpu before this.

Fixes: c6e7bd7afaeb ("sched/core: Optimize ttwu() spinning on p->on_cpu")
Reported-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Tested-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Link: https://lkml.kernel.org/r/20200622125649.GC576871@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[9252db2ec6...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/9252db2ec682477633903b34d9f776fa0e5c6e4b)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 07:46:33 by Saqib Ali

Statistical Learning with Sparsity: the Lasso and Generalizations. Job Application for Preclinical Biomarker Statistician (6 Month Contract) at Denali Therapeutics. Infotree Service Inc Associate Scientist-(CE, HPLC, JMP, statistical and analytical ) | SmartRecruiters. Infotree Service Inc Study Lead Statistician – Centralized Statistical Monitoring (CSM) | SmartRecruiters. MSML2020 - Mathematical and Scientific Machine Learning Conference | Center for Statistics and Machine Learning. Senior Biostatistician - Blueprint Medicines - Career Page. Job Application for VP, Head of Biostatistics (Roivant) at Roivant Sciences. Maths and Statistics Tutor - Study Group - Career Page. Ugly code is buggy code «  Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science. Premier Research Careers - Director, Biostatistics (US Based).

---
## [SomeguyManperson/Yogstation](https://github.com/SomeguyManperson/Yogstation)@[6c77b25374...](https://github.com/SomeguyManperson/Yogstation/commit/6c77b2537468e4d943f7ddde95277cb836c69b71)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 09:29:06 by Theos

oh, that's a baseball! (#14)

* [READY] Disarm Rework: Shove that Dickhead (#42958)

The War on Stun Based Combat Phase II
About The Pull Request

A massive change in gameplay that affects more than just disarm. Hopefully in an interesting way.
There's two parts to this, part 1 is that disarm's functionality has been entirely stripped out and replaced with essentially a new purpose: Shoving.
Shoving is the new action that occurs when clicking on people while in the disarm intent.
Shoving someone pushes them one tile away from you. If there is otherwise nothing blocking them, they are slowed down very slightly for 3 seconds. If you shove someone again while they are slowed, it knocks ranged weapons out of their active hand. I'm not sure about this part and may buff or remove it depending on how it works in practice.
If the blocking tile has a table on it, they're pushed onto it knocking them over for 3 seconds. If it has another human on it, it knocks them both over, the collateral victim for 1 second instead of 3. If the tile is otherwise blocked besides them, it knocks them down for 3 seconds. All knockdowns cause you to drop items, and do not stun at all and can be immediately crawled away from.
However, once knocked down, if you are shoved again it paralyzes for 4 seconds. This is the same length as the old disarm push. It cannot be chained or extended, shoving them again while they're paralyzed does not extend the length of the paralyze. Once it ends, the person will be up and moving.
Now you might be thinking, why would I want to shove someone unless they're against a wall?
Here's part 2:
Moving into someone in a hostile intent no longer pushes them. They'll stay where they are and your movement is blocked. If you want to get someone out of the way, you need to shove them.
Why It's Good For The Game

Changes a previously RNG based mechanic that was basically just spammed until you got that lucky "I win" roll into a positioning based utility that has a point to use in many situations. Livens up simple melee combat and makes fighting in confined areas more lively and unpredictable. Introduces some new epic gamer strats, I've been playing around and it's pretty fun.
Also why not try something really crazy and see what happens? If it's shit it can be reverted :^)
Changelog

Special thanks to whoneedsspace, the inventor of the singlecap, for deshitcodifying this hard.

cl
add: Disarm has been reworked, instead of an rng based system instead it pushes people away from you. If their movement is blocked it knocks them over. Shoving someone twice quickly will knock ranged weapons out of their hands.
del: Moving into humans while in a hostile intent no longer pushes them.
tweak: Passive grabs need to be resisted out of while on the ground, and can't be directly crawled out of
/cl

* [READY] Disarm Rework: Shove that Dickhead

Co-authored-by: Rob Bailey <actioninja@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: yogstation13-bot <jahostagat@thraml.com>

---
## [stormbreaker-project/phoenix](https://github.com/stormbreaker-project/phoenix)@[d7fd8f270b...](https://github.com/stormbreaker-project/phoenix/commit/d7fd8f270b63ac968759294c74abc4cc55ed4ff5)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 11:12:56 by CryllicBuster273

Merge 4.14.189 into ten-rebase

Changes in 4.14.189: (133 commits)
        Linux 4.14.189
        rxrpc: Fix trace string
        libceph: don't omit recovery_deletes in target_copy()
        x86/cpu: Move x86_cache_bits settings
        sched/fair: handle case of task_h_load() returning 0
        arm64: ptrace: Override SPSR.SS when single-stepping is enabled
        thermal/drivers/cpufreq_cooling: Fix wrong frequency converted from power
        misc: atmel-ssc: lock with mutex instead of spinlock
        dmaengine: fsl-edma: Fix NULL pointer exception in fsl_edma_tx_handler
        intel_th: pci: Add Emmitsburg PCH support
        intel_th: pci: Add Tiger Lake PCH-H support
        intel_th: pci: Add Jasper Lake CPU support
        hwmon: (emc2103) fix unable to change fan pwm1_enable attribute
        MIPS: Fix build for LTS kernel caused by backporting lpj adjustment
        timer: Fix wheel index calculation on last level
        uio_pdrv_genirq: fix use without device tree and no interrupt
        Input: i8042 - add Lenovo XiaoXin Air 12 to i8042 nomux list
        mei: bus: don't clean driver pointer
        Revert "zram: convert remaining CLASS_ATTR() to CLASS_ATTR_RO()"
        fuse: Fix parameter for FS_IOC_{GET,SET}FLAGS
        virtio: virtio_console: add missing MODULE_DEVICE_TABLE() for rproc serial
        USB: serial: option: add Quectel EG95 LTE modem
        USB: serial: option: add GosunCn GM500 series
        USB: serial: ch341: add new Product ID for CH340
        USB: serial: cypress_m8: enable Simply Automated UPB PIM
        USB: serial: iuu_phoenix: fix memory corruption
        usb: gadget: function: fix missing spinlock in f_uac1_legacy
        usb: chipidea: core: add wakeup support for extcon
        usb: dwc2: Fix shutdown callback in platform
        USB: c67x00: fix use after free in c67x00_giveback_urb
        ALSA: usb-audio: Fix race against the error recovery URB submission
        ALSA: line6: Perform sanity check for each URB creation
        HID: magicmouse: do not set up autorepeat
        mtd: rawnand: oxnas: Release all devices in the _remove() path
        mtd: rawnand: oxnas: Unregister all devices on error
        mtd: rawnand: oxnas: Keep track of registered devices
        mtd: rawnand: brcmnand: fix CS0 layout
        perf stat: Zero all the 'ena' and 'run' array slot stats for interval mode
        copy_xstate_to_kernel: Fix typo which caused GDB regression
        ARM: dts: socfpga: Align L2 cache-controller nodename with dtschema
        Revert "thermal: mediatek: fix register index error"
        staging: comedi: verify array index is correct before using it
        usb: gadget: udc: atmel: fix uninitialized read in debug printk
        spi: spi-sun6i: sun6i_spi_transfer_one(): fix setting of clock rate
        arm64: dts: meson: add missing gxl rng clock
        phy: sun4i-usb: fix dereference of pointer phy0 before it is null checked
        iio:health:afe4404 Fix timestamp alignment and prevent data leak.
        ACPI: video: Use native backlight on Acer TravelMate 5735Z
        ACPI: video: Use native backlight on Acer Aspire 5783z
        mmc: sdhci: do not enable card detect interrupt for gpio cd type
        doc: dt: bindings: usb: dwc3: Update entries for disabling SS instances in park mode
        Revert "usb/xhci-plat: Set PM runtime as active on resume"
        Revert "usb/ehci-platform: Set PM runtime as active on resume"
        Revert "usb/ohci-platform: Fix a warning when hibernating"
        of: of_mdio: Correct loop scanning logic
        net: dsa: bcm_sf2: Fix node reference count
        spi: fix initial SPI_SR value in spi-fsl-dspi
        spi: spi-fsl-dspi: Fix lockup if device is shutdown during SPI transfer
        iio:health:afe4403 Fix timestamp alignment and prevent data leak.
        iio:pressure:ms5611 Fix buffer element alignment
        iio: pressure: zpa2326: handle pm_runtime_get_sync failure
        iio: mma8452: Add missed iio_device_unregister() call in mma8452_probe()
        iio: magnetometer: ak8974: Fix runtime PM imbalance on error
        iio:humidity:hdc100x Fix alignment and data leak issues
        iio:magnetometer:ak8974: Fix alignment and data leak issues
        arm64/alternatives: don't patch up internal branches
        iio:pressure:ms5611 Fix buffer element alignment
        iio: pressure: zpa2326: handle pm_runtime_get_sync failure
        iio: mma8452: Add missed iio_device_unregister() call in mma8452_probe()
        iio: magnetometer: ak8974: Fix runtime PM imbalance on error
        iio:humidity:hdc100x Fix alignment and data leak issues
        iio:magnetometer:ak8974: Fix alignment and data leak issues
        arm64/alternatives: don't patch up internal branches
        arm64: alternative: Use true and false for boolean values
        i2c: eg20t: Load module automatically if ID matches
        gfs2: read-only mounts should grab the sd_freeze_gl glock
        tpm_tis: extra chip->ops check on error path in tpm_tis_core_init
        arm64/alternatives: use subsections for replacement sequences
        drm/exynos: fix ref count leak in mic_pre_enable
        cgroup: Fix sock_cgroup_data on big-endian.
        cgroup: fix cgroup_sk_alloc() for sk_clone_lock()
        tcp: md5: do not send silly options in SYNCOOKIES
        tcp: make sure listeners don't initialize congestion-control state
        net_sched: fix a memory leak in atm_tc_init()
        tcp: md5: allow changing MD5 keys in all socket states
        tcp: md5: refine tcp_md5_do_add()/tcp_md5_hash_key() barriers
        tcp: md5: add missing memory barriers in tcp_md5_do_add()/tcp_md5_hash_key()
        net: usb: qmi_wwan: add support for Quectel EG95 LTE modem
        net: Added pointer check for dst->ops->neigh_lookup in dst_neigh_lookup_skb
        llc: make sure applications use ARPHRD_ETHER
        l2tp: remove skb_dst_set() from l2tp_xmit_skb()
        ipv4: fill fl4_icmp_{type,code} in ping_v4_sendmsg
        genetlink: remove genl_bind
        s390/mm: fix huge pte soft dirty copying
        ARC: elf: use right ELF_ARCH
        ARC: entry: fix potential EFA clobber when TIF_SYSCALL_TRACE
        dm: use noio when sending kobject event
        drm/radeon: fix double free
        btrfs: fix fatal extent_buffer readahead vs releasepage race
        Revert "ath9k: Fix general protection fault in ath9k_hif_usb_rx_cb"
        KVM: x86: Mark CR4.TSD as being possibly owned by the guest
        KVM: x86: Inject #GP if guest attempts to toggle CR4.LA57 in 64-bit mode
        KVM: x86: bit 8 of non-leaf PDPEs is not reserved
        KVM: arm64: Stop clobbering x0 for HVC_SOFT_RESTART
        KVM: arm64: Fix definition of PAGE_HYP_DEVICE
        ALSA: usb-audio: add quirk for MacroSilicon MS2109
        ALSA: hda - let hs_mic be picked ahead of hp_mic
        ALSA: opl3: fix infoleak in opl3
        mlxsw: spectrum_router: Remove inappropriate usage of WARN_ON()
        net: macb: mark device wake capable when "magic-packet" property present
        bnxt_en: fix NULL dereference in case SR-IOV configuration fails
        nbd: Fix memory leak in nbd_add_socket
        arm64: kgdb: Fix single-step exception handling oops
        ALSA: compress: fix partial_drain completion state
        smsc95xx: avoid memory leak in smsc95xx_bind
        smsc95xx: check return value of smsc95xx_reset
        net: cxgb4: fix return error value in t4_prep_fw
        x86/entry: Increase entry_stack size to a full page
        nvme-rdma: assign completion vector correctly
        scsi: mptscsih: Fix read sense data size
        ARM: imx6: add missing put_device() call in imx6q_suspend_init()
        cifs: update ctime and mtime during truncate
        s390/kasan: fix early pgm check handler execution
        ixgbe: protect ring accesses with READ- and WRITE_ONCE
        spi: spidev: fix a potential use-after-free in spidev_release()
        spi: spidev: fix a race between spidev_release and spidev_remove
        gpu: host1x: Detach driver on unregister
        ARM: dts: omap4-droid4: Fix spi configuration and increase rate
        spi: spi-fsl-dspi: Fix external abort on interrupt in resume or exit paths
        spi: spi-fsl-dspi: use IRQF_SHARED mode to request IRQ
        spi: spi-fsl-dspi: Fix lockup if device is removed during SPI transfer
        spi: spi-fsl-dspi: Adding shutdown hook
        KVM: s390: reduce number of IO pins to 1

Signed-off-by: CryllicBuster273 <cryllicbuster273@pixelexperience.org>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d9475c4baa...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d9475c4baa6871bf0f47b04c8c2789c88ac1cbc5)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 11:31:29 by Marko Grdinić

"12:35pm. Done with breakfast. Ok me, remember the powerlust and resume. I'll have plenty of time to slack when the agents are training. Until then, I need to burn with the desire.

Leave the stray thoughts aside, and move like a shot arrow.

12:40pm. Just as I have talked about, I'll start by refactoring the tokenizer.

...Ok, I've redesigned the whole thing to remove the expected, message distinction from the error type.

```fs
let process_error (line, ers : (Range * TokenizerError) list) : (string * VSCRange) [] =
```

Now let me redesign this.

First I will change the `Range` to `VSCRange`.

```fs
let process_error (line, ers : (Range * TokenizerError) list) : (string * VSCRange) [] =
    let ers = ers |> List.mapi (fun i (r,x) -> let i = line + i in x, ({line=i; character=r.from}, {line=i; character=r.nearTo}))
```

Ah, wait I was wrong. That function line processes error on a single line. That makes things even easier.

1:05pm.

```fs
let process_error (k,v) =
    let expecteds, messages = v |> Array.partition (fun x -> Char.IsLower(x,0))
    let ex () = match expecteds with [|x|] -> sprintf "Expected: %s" x | x -> sprintf "Expected one of: %s" (String.concat ", " x)
    let f l = String.concat "\n" l
    if Array.isEmpty expecteds then f messages, k
    elif Array.isEmpty messages then ex (), k
    else f (Array.append [|ex (); ""; "Other error messages:"|] messages), k
let process_errors (line, ers : (Range * TokenizerError) list []) : (string * VSCRange) [] =
    ers |> Array.mapi (fun i l ->
        let i = line + i
        l |> List.toArray |> Array.map (fun (r,x) -> x, ({line=i; character=r.from}, {line=i; character=r.nearTo}))
        )
    |> Array.concat
    |> Array.groupBy snd
    |> Array.map ((fun (k,v) -> k, Array.map fst v) >> process_error)
```

Let me do it like this.

This is a nice stable way of doing it. I'll be able to reuse `process_error` for the parser.

```fs
let messages, expecteds = v |> Array.partition (fun x -> Char.IsUpper(x,0))
```

Let me make this the condition.

1:15pm.

```fs
let show_block_parsing_error line (l : (Config.VSCRange * ParserErrors) list) =
    List.toArray l |> Array.groupBy fst
    |> Array.map (fun ((a,b),v) -> Tokenize.process_error (({a with line=line+a.line}, {b with line=line+b.line}), Array.map (snd >> show_parser_error) v))
```

It came out quite simple as expected.

```fs
let show_block_parsing_error line (l : (Config.VSCRange * ParserErrors) list) =
    l |> List.groupBy fst
    |> List.map (fun ((a,b),v) ->
        let k = {a with line=line+a.line}, {b with line=line+b.line}
        let v = List.toArray v |> Array.map (snd >> show_parser_error)
        Tokenize.process_error (k, v)
        )
```

Let me do it like this. It is a bit longer this way, but should be a tad more efficient and readable.

1:30pm. Unlike say type errors, parser error will be relatively localized, so there won't be much inefficiency from traversing the whole block and converting them every time like this. I'll be able to bear with it.

Ok, now...I think I have everything I need. At this point, I am ready to just try it out.

Let me do it. It is the long awaited first step. After the debugging session, some the sematic highlighting using parsing pass. Once I have that, I'll be complete.

Let me take a short break here."

---
## [ErwinSnowden/Fulpstation](https://github.com/ErwinSnowden/Fulpstation)@[69a88ebad0...](https://github.com/ErwinSnowden/Fulpstation/commit/69a88ebad0058256e0eb78408bd6691e59ab294b)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 12:17:35 by ErwinSnowden

Fuck you

Whoever made this value so high deserves to be fucking lynched.

---
## [agathoklisx/libved](https://github.com/agathoklisx/libved)@[7b7bb9ca70...](https://github.com/agathoklisx/libved/commit/7b7bb9ca7013f6da519b0e08c8cba347e9c0be9a)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-22 17:09:50 by αγαθοκλής

Do not try to execute a record if there is nothing already recorded.

All this work, is dedicated to Zoi, for thirty years a gorgeous companion and mother
of our four kids as Zoi means life here actually.

She was born a day like this, when the humans touched the moon, but a day like this,
it was also the first whole day i remember crystal clear in my life (20 July of 1974).
I remember walking with my mother coming from my beloved grand parents. My father had
to go to the army that same day, because there was a war. I remember an extraordinary
bright night sky, though the moon was new.

---

# [<](2020-07-21.md) 2020-07-22 [>](2020-07-23.md)

