# [<](2020-07-22.md) 2020-07-23 [>](2020-07-24.md)

2,471,633 events, 1,258,725 push events, 1,989,693 commit messages, 141,393,705 characters


## [newstools/2020-sundiata-post](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post)@[01c7c7e480...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post/commit/01c7c7e480e16f00fcb38063d2c9cec6bd25b4ae)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 00:01:52 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [sundiatapost.com/nigerian-twin-brothers-who-married-twin-sisters-welcome-twin-boys-girls-photos/]

---
## [odoo/runbot](https://github.com/odoo/runbot)@[76b6c003e1...](https://github.com/odoo/runbot/commit/76b6c003e1b00fa2879f752ef273ca6ffeacddda)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 09:22:57 by Xavier Morel

[ADD] runbot_merge: indication of status states in the mergebot

Currently it can be difficult to know why the mergebot refuses to
merge a PR (not that people care, they generally just keep sending new
commands without checking what the 'bot is telling them, oh well...).

Anyway knowing the CI state is the most complicated bit because the CI
tag only provides a global pass/fail for statuses but not a view of
specific statuses, and sometimes either the runbot or github fails to
notify the mergebot, leading to inconsistent internal states & shit.

By adding a tag per status context per PR, we can more clearly
indicate what's what.

Fixes #389

---
## [cward97/perplex-aspect](https://github.com/cward97/perplex-aspect)@[7d1cde727b...](https://github.com/cward97/perplex-aspect/commit/7d1cde727be85d0f0f95674dde49c3729fc84333)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 09:55:24 by Connor Ward

Add two-phase flow composition material model

Update particle plugin to newer version of wrapper

wip: Stop for the day

Project status:
- Code compiles and nearly runs with global_melt.prm.
- The trick was to use reaction terms instead of the output struct one.
- I should clean up the function into smaller functions that can be
  reused.

WIP: Still having issues with the compositional fields.

Yeah this is super hard. Basically when the compositional fields advect
they go a bit crazy and jump to really high values even when the
reaction rates are tiny. It might be something to do with the values
being negative but who knows.

WIP Still stuck so changing tactic

So this isn't working. Rather than building my own model (which might
require a 'base_model' approach) I'm just copying some code and adding a
couple of lines.

WIP: Compiles and runs but might be wrong

Needs checking. I'm currently running the original simulation for
comparison. The issue is that no melt appears to be produced. Is that
natural?

WIP: Runs but results are weird

I think the issue may be including the porosity value as a scaling
factor. Perhaps it should only be added at the end?

WIP: Add calculation logic for melt composition

The code should now nearly be able to determine the composition change
from the porosity. Just needs some more editing.

WIP: Code now compiles

Oh wow it works!

The code now runs. I've had to do some hacky things (e.g. increase the
temperature by 200K) but it looks about right...

---
## [raimaaan03/lyric-canvas](https://github.com/raimaaan03/lyric-canvas)@[5458a369dc...](https://github.com/raimaaan03/lyric-canvas/commit/5458a369dc8cdaaa1a1c9f8718bbc48592d26ef6)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 10:31:27 by raimaaan03

oh god I'm fucking dumb :facepalm:

apparently I forgot to change the .json on the .gitignore

---
## [smonroe4242/Adamant](https://github.com/smonroe4242/Adamant)@[c40f45d4a5...](https://github.com/smonroe4242/Adamant/commit/c40f45d4a5db66623c52d3d61e8924d84184ba5f)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 11:18:11 by smonroe4242

This one is freaking huge
Going in diff order for features:
Adds a boolean switch for whether the editor runs server or client, which does not affect exports
Changes scales of sprites back to 1 and adjusts game ratio to 512x288
Moves several helper functions for getting areas surrounding a vector to global scope in lieu of a library
Along with a function for translating Godot Error enums in to strings, and displaying them on login page
Adds an overhead display to actors that contains their label and a health bar, which only shows when they aren't at max hp
This can take a mana bar too very easily if we chose to display that, as well as combat effect icons, etc
Fixes change scene error handling, since that actually returns 0 on success C style
Moves all load_player/remove_player stuff in to server from client, client now only has a function for loading themselves in Client.gd
Adds automatic curor focus to the next unfilled field on login, I was getting sick of having to use my mouse there.
Prevents users from copy/pasting in the password field entirely
Moves everything except _physics_process from Player to Actor, which Monster then inherits from
Adds monsters that stand still and attack every few seconds
Adds server side code for all of this as well
Adds ladder dropping from overworld for more traversability, ladder needs new 16x16 sprite and there are some bugs, but I need to push and they don't hurt anything
A working bsq algorithm which punches holes in walls exists, but man do i hate how it looks. Need to rework NoiseLevel further to avoid chunk boundary issues, mainly
Speaking of, Autotile works perfectly except for chunk boundaries where it gets _gross_
Fixes Player's getting stuck to walls and ceilings, movement is much smoother now in general, but FSM for player input needs work
World.gd now has all the remote functions needed to work with Server's rework, and seems to be working smoothly.
ServerWorld holds all the data strucutre and functions for dynamic loading/unloading, and is doc'd like crazy, go read it.
Due to those changes, damage now works properly across all connected clients, this has been tested with 8 CCU on my machine, and they can all attack the same monster.
Really, it's beautiful. Go check it out right now.

---
## [vgstation-coders/vgstation13](https://github.com/vgstation-coders/vgstation13)@[956f3ccef8...](https://github.com/vgstation-coders/vgstation13/commit/956f3ccef89508a4d797989c662b8f16b613de50)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 12:45:16 by GeneralVeers25

Silly if you can't repair a ship midflight innit? (#27225)

* Silly if you can't repair a ship midflight innit?

* Renamed files.

* Rename NRVHorizon.dm to nrvhorizon.dm

* Rename NRVHorizon.dmm to nrvhorizon.dmm

* Update nrvhorizon.dm

* AAAA

* Holy fuck I hate this.

* Perhaps?

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[0db1fde99a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0db1fde99a77e749fee5cf3522e588b5aeed6ea8)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 17:15:44 by Marko Grdinić

"7pm. Done with lunch.

```
let top_prototype = tuple3 (skip_keyword SpecPrototype >>. read_small_var) (many1 forall_var) (skip_op ":" >>. root_type false false true true) |>> TopPrototype
```

This should be `many1`. The first forall should always be the id. Actually...

```fs
| TopPrototype of prototype_name: VarString * nominal_bind: VarString * ForallVars * RawTExpr
```

```fs
let top_prototype = tuple4 (skip_keyword SpecPrototype >>. read_small_var) read_small_var (many forall_var) (skip_op ":" >>. root_type false false true true) |>> TopPrototype
```

Let me go with this.

7:05pm.

```
union option a =
    | Some: a
    | None

nominal tensor el dim = `(tensor_init `el `dim ``el ``dim)
and union tensor_option el dim =
    | Some: tensor el dim
    | None
and nominal tensor2d el a b = tensor el (a * b)

prototype bind m a : forall b. m a -> (a -> m b) -> m b

instance bind option a : forall b. x f =
    match x with
    | Some: x => (Some: f x)
    | None => None

inl rec f x = x
and inl g x = f x
and let g x = x
```

All this parses quite nicely now. It is quite nice seeing the above chunk of code in color.

With this I am done with the parser. Of course, this is not nearly enough testing to be assured of its quality, but as bare bones reliability, it will do nicely. I've covered all the major features by hand and made adjustments as I went along.

Real realibility you can only assure during actual programming.

I'll get to that before long. That having said, I am not pessimistic at how many bugs I'll find in the compiler after this. My grasp on it is quite good, and the parser is solid architecturally.

7:10pm. The thing I'll start thinking about how to do tomorrow is the second highlighting pass. I'll hack the parser just a little in order to have it paint which variables are types and so on.

Is is just some editor support based on basic flow analysis.

I'll have this done before long. After that I'll do the prepass and the partial evaluator. And after that comes typechecking.

When I am done with it all, I am going to give ML a try once again."

---
## [yourdoom9898/Citadel-Station-13-RP](https://github.com/yourdoom9898/Citadel-Station-13-RP)@[c16084b471...](https://github.com/yourdoom9898/Citadel-Station-13-RP/commit/c16084b471d5d2cb8fcaa4afe8e1febfa1763dc0)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 17:22:25 by yourdoom9898

Revert "holy fuck I hate git so fucking much"

This reverts commit 5e915b3cf29399ef29055c9e78b9564516997d1f.

---
## [chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod)@[bc770c0c2f...](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod/commit/bc770c0c2fbda901ac001e1572ca69b59255c24d)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 21:28:02 by Chaosvolt

Assorted tweaks, recipe categorization overhaul

* Set it so the hermit won't try to trade away the clay tablet.
Hopefully at least, testing showed that "give player an item" is still
bugged so I'll need to retest once that's working again.
* Added TRADER_KEEP_EQUIPED to various equipable arcana items.
* Added PSYSHIELD_PARTIAL to the ring of the fallen angel, so it'll at
least vaguely function like its intended incarnation. If the root cause
behind https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/issues/42390 ever
gets fixed I plan to add DIMENSNIAL_ANCHOR and -1 strength. But first we
need the relic code to not apply stat changes twice. PSYSHIELD_PARTIAL
already isn't worth even minus one strength given a tinfoil hat does the
same thing, bootleg psyshield plus teleport blocking doesn't feel worth
-2 either.
* Set the hallucination effects of the orb of the veil and a certain
magical trap to give both hallucination effects. This appears to
currently not work (hallucinations seem to not be spawning right now,
period) but if they ever fix that it should make it more impactful an
effect.
* Set most faction-specific recipes to have the SECRET flag.
* Belatedly fixed the monsterpart mad science recipes not using
chemistry instead of cooking.
* Overhauled recipe categories. Now anything that uses arcana as a
primary skill is grouped in a relevant arcana-specific category.
* Set the "smithing with magic" recipes to use arcana as their primary
skill, so they can be consistently grouped with other recipes that
produce non-anomalous stuff via anomalous means. The "breaking down
certain monsterparts into resources" stuff can stay outside these
categories since no magical processes are involved.
* Set it so Ward Against Evil and Holy Ward affect the evil mimic effect
properly.

Closes https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod/issues/146

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[e4f506970c...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/e4f506970c71d8b7f9eb783ae94b4c26937b2ad9)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 21:31:10 by MrD

Use attrgetter instead of reduce

from operator import attrgetter
class A(object): pass
class B(A): pass
a = A()
a.b = B()
a.b.c = 'hello'
print(attrgetter(u'b.c'))(a)
hello

In theory faster too

More attrgetter - drop overrides in importers!

cint reduce XXX

Wip _AttrGettersCache(dict)

actor_importer_attrs -> never a tuple in there?

Note that

{}[[]]
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<input>", line 1, in <module>
TypeError: unhashable type: 'list'

so the isinstance(attr, (list, tuple, set)): make not sense, only tuple
should be accepted

DestructiblePatcher -> never has a 'model' attr ? TTT

Infernio:
You should be able to drop the _inner_loop here. destructible is only
ever a MelDestructible instance, so can't be a string, which should
make the behavior of this loop identical to its parent.

Same NB as with the other one though [WeaponMods] - this doesn't do
anything right now, but may have been intended to handle
case-insensitive comparisons of destructible.stages[i].model.

WeaponModsPatcher -> again no model? XXX

Infernio
You should be able to drop the string comparison logic here. The
'splitting by dots' logic is still required, but none of these attrs
can be strings at runtime:

modelWithMods - MelObject
firstPersonModelWithMods - MelObject
weaponMods - MelObject
soundMod1Shoot3Ds - list of fids
soundMod1Shoot2D - fid
effectMod1 - int
effectMod2 - int
effectMod3 - int
valueAMod1 - float
valueAMod2 - float
valueAMod3 - float
valueBMod1 - float
valueBMod2 - float
valueBMod3 - float
reloadAnimationMod - int
vatsModReqiured - int
scopeModel - MelObject
dnamFlags1.hasScope - bool, but special case because of dot
dnamFlags2.scopeFromMod - bool, but special case because of dot

That said, my guess is that the string comparison logic was meant to
apply to modelWithMods, firstPersonModelWithMods and weaponMods, and
the model comparison logic to scopeModel. So maybe we should keep it
and fix it up to use those instead?

Upon thinking on this further, maybe the right place to handle this
case insensitivity isn't in the patchers, but in the records. We
could make a MelCIString that turns the read string into a CIStr.
That way all this patcher-specific logic could disappear.

Utumno:
> this case insensitivity isn't in the patchers, but in the records.

Aaahhh - yes - but I want to get rid of the decoding/encoding on
loadData and dumpData. I guess - cause it is difficult to trace what
attribute of the records is used where, especially if it's called eid
- that most of the time those are decoded and then are unused and
then encoded - and apart from the performance that this costs, it
might lead to mangled up strings if that decoding/encoding messes up
(falling back to mbcs) - and we won't even know.

We really have to go through what encodings are really accepted (by
the game) in the string fields - possibly only cp1252?[1] This
started cause some mods encode some fields differently - but maybe it
will turn out that anyway apart from, say, 'description' nothing else
can be in Unicode, so we will compare byte-strings as byte-strings
for a lot of performance (and simpler code). Or not...

Case insensitivity is another fruit - but then to me the basic issue
is finding a way of doing the decoding/encoding/case-normalizing JIT.
I thought of dynamically adding properties to the records that wrap
the (now renamed to _eid say) string fields but this is getting messy
and complex. I thought about metaclasses (god forbid) or patching the
getSlotsUsed or... - but nothing yet as I just now start to grok the
records (thanks to your rewrite), and the dynamical nature of records
code does not help to trace what is used where.

> That said, my guess is that the string comparison logic was meant to
apply to modelWithMods

The special treatment of model is another oops - if we want to test
model.modPath then we should have in our arrays model.modPath and
hand along to the attrgetter (neat eh?) like the rest. Special cases
is what one wants to eliminate

For now, I will go ahead and rip those overrides off as you
commented, so we can revisit the long ids thing - although what I
would hope to get into nightly is prefixing, I regret adding dirs
prefixes as the right way is those unicode literals, as then we test
on py2 already (and convert all pickled strings to unicode for users
to have in their settings before py3)

And when the dust settles time for a simple_importers.py I think

Ref # 480, # 232

[1] we might then as well say str.dedode(u'cp1252') except
UnicodeDecodeError -> warn user that field X in record Y seems not
game readable.

lojack5:
I think from Skyrim on it's ok to always assume cp1252, some they
added translation strings.

On Oblivion for sure (and maybe Fallout 3 / NV?), Things are a mess
though. Both Chinese and Japanese are not supported by the game.
Either one or both of the languages (ive forgotten which) modders
have gotten to work by monkey patching the engine with a plug-in
(OBSE I think). I'd have to see if I ha e any of my correspondence
with valda to check though, at one point he sent me whatever they use
so I could test.

I'm not sure what Russian and other Cyrillic languages do though,
they may have a plug-in as well. The other big western European
languages have their own official game exe, I'm not sure if those use
a codepage but they might.

All of which to say, might need to implement it on a per game basis.
Not decoding would of course be an easy fix as well, although things
like importing/exporting npc names to/from csv and similar things
would have to have their encoding/decoding checked to work with that.

lojack5:
Found the Japanese patch: http://jpmod.oblivion.z49.org/

-----

FFF _setattr_deep

setup = """
class A(object):
    def __init__(self, a):
        self.a = a

a = A(5)
"""
print(timeit.timeit('a.__setattr__(u"a", 5)', setup))
print(timeit.timeit('setattr(a, u"a", 5)', setup))

0.11508789999999997
0.07353180000000004

took also ActorImporter one along

some more caching FFF

Before:

patcher_dialog.py  215 PatchExecute:          560913348 function calls (504538508 primitive calls) in 252.848 seconds

After:

patcher_dialog.py  215 PatchExecute:          560128783 function calls (503753943 primitive calls) in 253.211 seconds

700k function calls less

Infernio: Dropped changes to ImportRelations to avoid conflicts with
inf-312-parser-abc

---
## [mscalindt/android-kernel-rosy](https://github.com/mscalindt/android-kernel-rosy)@[d22c3335f6...](https://github.com/mscalindt/android-kernel-rosy/commit/d22c3335f681b35f72fa3ebecef627090749dde3)
#### Thursday 2020-07-23 22:32:13 by Dimitar Yurukov

rosy: Overlay DTS changes

With overlay:
- All stock .dts files are compilable.
- Rosy's code is isolated from other .dtsi files.

Note that, to successfully overlay rosy's changes specifically, we have to use
an ugly hack. It involves predefining essential nodes for msm8953 dtsi
(to evade "node not found" errors), and also involves deleting a node
that conflicts with msm-pmi8940. The true fix would be CAF fixing their own
shit to not conflict when some specific headers are included.
This patch improves 78f9bfa0b4e14b2f050b4675f0ff8aff22aad585.

Signed-off-by: Dimitar Yurukov <mscalindt@protonmail.com>

---

# [<](2020-07-22.md) 2020-07-23 [>](2020-07-24.md)

