# [<](2020-09-21.md) 2020-09-22 [>](2020-09-23.md)

175,550 events, 91,413 push events, 142,256 commit messages, 11,542,325 characters


## [IsaacVon/chungandassociates](https://github.com/IsaacVon/chungandassociates)@[204b534e34...](https://github.com/IsaacVon/chungandassociates/commit/204b534e346b0e8c021495050d30259e481b1e86)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-22 22:09:40 by Isaac Householder

Text revisions per email.

Page1: About Us with pic of me with the golf stick and Bamboo

Comment-1: ‘Build Quality Organizations’ current font size is too small on the computer version. Please enlarge the font size bit for this catch phrase for all pages please
Comment-2: This verbiage is included in the mobile version but not in the computer version.  Please include this content for both versions:

Chung and Associates is dedicated to building quality organizations. We assist our clients in strategic planning, financial oversight, and capital selection to continuously realize the next stage of their vision.

Page2: Services We Offer with the pic of people in a glass office

Content-1: Please use these 16 bullet for both the computer and mobile version please
Financial Performance Assessment
Organization Evaluation
Business Planning and Oversight
Financial Modeling and Benchmark Development
Financial Statement Compilation and Review
Organization Structure & Process Design and Implementation
Operations & Controls Assessment and Attestation
Business Valuation
Business Preparation for Acquisition
Due Diligence and Special Attestation
Mergers Implementation & Business Consolidation
Resource and Human Capital Alignment
Leadership Coaching & Development
Professional Outsourcing and Support
Succession Planning
Next Generation Coaching & Development

Page3: What People are Saying

Comment-1: The two pictures stacked on one another in the computer version does not look good.  Unless we can think of a better place, lets remove the bottom pic of the busy people in the modern office. Do you think this pic would look good in the Contact Us page?
Content-1: Looks like the content for the computer version and mobile version are different. This is the correct content version; please use for both:

Liennette started her career with PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) and lead the practice both locally in Los Angeles as well as globally in Hong Kong.
Later, Liennette joined Credit Suisse and was responsible over the performance health of disciplines across Asia Pacific. As opportunities presented after the 2000 Asian Financial Crisis, Liennette established Renaissance International Investments in Jakarta, Indonesia and served as one of its two key principals to invest in distressed assets in the Southeast Asia. Upon her return home, she joined Global Imaging in 2005 and served as Senior VP and CFO for their California retail flagship.

Liennette formed Chung & Associates Inc. in late 2012 to assisting clients in building quality organizations. Chung and Associates’ clients include thirteen of the top twenty-five office dealerships in America. She also served as private counsel to several global family enterprises.

At the same time, Liennette Chung formed Pacific ConnecTeq (PCT), an IT & Ricoh dealership in 2013 to establish independent client representation for southern California. PCT was meant to be an organized stewpot of Liennette’s knowledge and experiences.  The Company became a nationally award-winning establishment and was constantly courted for acquisition.  PCT was established for specific growth and divestiture to not only demonstrate knowhow of Chung and Associates, but also the investment opportunity in the imaging industry. Seven years after its formulation, Pacific ConnecTeq was sold to Advance Office, on June 1, 2020.

Liennette is a California Certified Public Accountant (CPA) and holds two Bachelor of Arts in 1) International Economics and 2) East Asian Language & Culture from the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA).

Associated Partners

Riordan and Associates
Building Quality Organization
Reservoir LLC

Page4: The Team with pic of my daughter and I

Comment-1: We don’t seem to like the two pics of the canyon and snow hikers. I it’s the blandness and mono-color of the pictures.  Please choose something a little more life, action and color please.
Content-1: Pls remove the word ‘side’ hi-lited in yellow here for the comment from Chip Crunk

Liennette has been on a long-term professional relationship with RJ Young since 2014. She was first brought in to clarify some business uneasiness that we had and soon uncover all the business issues that we felt but couldn’t quite put our fingers on. Numbers are a language to Liennette and she has the ability to draw from them and understand the business in a much more deep and insightful manner than just profit and loss. Further, she understands people, processes, business and economies. I appreciate Liennette’s side counsel over the years and have her in my side pocket in most of our critical business decisions.

Content-2: Pls remove the 7 hi-lited in yellow here for the comment from John Lowery and replace with ‘since 2013’

We’ve been working with Liennette Chung for the past 7 (since 2013) years.

Content-3: Pls add in ‘since 2012’ for the comments from Steve Sumner

We have worked with Liennette for nearly eight years since 2012.

Content-4: Pls move John Kuchta’s comments to be above Jim Pierce

Page6: Contacts Us

Comment-1: Can you please add in a picture for this page.  I tend to like strong life, water focus or greenery pics.  Or the one of young people working in the busy office …. Will send you a few pic options.

---
## [TheDivexz/Hangar](https://github.com/TheDivexz/Hangar)@[462e51553b...](https://github.com/TheDivexz/Hangar/commit/462e51553b1345ca506f8eda915ac1689b8172f3)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-22 22:36:42 by Austin Slobodnik

Page crash fix (#154)

* README update and page crash bugfix

* Update Authors.md

* Update README.md

* Update src/pages/index.tsx

Co-authored-by: Spencer Kaiser <SpencerKaiser@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update index.tsx

So I ended up not getting this to work the way I wanted to, but I'll just go through what I tried. Hopefully it just turns out I'm exceedingly stupid (which is honestly more than likely what's happening here).

I tried abstracting the contents of the `promises.push()` function call that contained the calls for getting and setting the request count. I did this thinking that It would update the page if called from inside the `abandonRequest`  and `closeRequest` functions. I wanted to do this to check if there were any more requests in the queue, and if there wasn't, I wanted to update the page to get the new counts, which would in-turn disable the `Get Next` button. However, I quickly realized that updating these values did nothing in the way of causing the page to take in the changes before the interval time. 

Now by my understanding the `setInterval()` function is what causes the page to update after a certain period of time, however I think I have a gap in understanding exactly how it updates the page. From what I am seeing all the interval does is call `setLastUpdateEpoch()` on every interval, but if that's all it takes to update the page then the page would already be updating itself every time, as it is called already in multiple places (`closeRequest`, `getNext`, etc.).

Ultimately it comes down to: How stupid am I? I also apologize for not expressing these concerns earlier than right before the deadline, I am aware that I'm making a goofball out of myself by asking these questions so late. Nevertheless, I am more than happy to fix this as soon as I possibly can once pointed in the right direction.

* Update src/pages/index.tsx

Co-authored-by: Spencer Kaiser <SpencerKaiser@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Spencer Kaiser <SpencerKaiser@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [reformed-standards/compendium](https://github.com/reformed-standards/compendium)@[3cf1ac4389...](https://github.com/reformed-standards/compendium/commit/3cf1ac4389f81f1c8a9c030aadcfcf4aff0108b6)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-22 23:39:37 by Andrew Imeson

Capitalize "P" in "Psalms" in WCF 21.5

This is capitalized in the recently published critical edition[1]
and there are no variants noted.

Although capitalization did not carry the same meaning or have the same
consistency as today, it's reasonable to conclude that this paragraph is
referring to the canonical book of Psalms based on contemporary writings
and the practice of the Scottish church.

This lack of capitalization in modern reproductions has been appealed
to by proponents of uninspired songs in worship to deny the Westminster
Assembly spoke of the Psalter. This capitalization change is meaningful

[1]: John Bower, “Chap. XXI. Of Religious Worship, and the Sabbath Day,”
in The Confession of Faith: a Critical Text and Introduction
(Grand Rapids, MI, MI: Reformation Heritage Books, 2020), pp. 221-221.

---

# [<](2020-09-21.md) 2020-09-22 [>](2020-09-23.md)

