# [<](2020-11-28.md) 2020-11-29 [>](2020-11-30.md)

156,367 events, 92,424 push events, 134,127 commit messages, 8,188,211 characters


## [YurasKamaz/RimpleHuimple](https://github.com/YurasKamaz/RimpleHuimple)@[c062b2bd5a...](https://github.com/YurasKamaz/RimpleHuimple/commit/c062b2bd5ad81e6010417f7c1d2ccad336f49029)
#### Sunday 2020-11-29 22:33:57 by YurasKamaz

Merge pull request #1 from laoqiu233/main

fuck you

---
## [wrmcnay/Liquid-Budget-Team3](https://github.com/wrmcnay/Liquid-Budget-Team3)@[c425d367a4...](https://github.com/wrmcnay/Liquid-Budget-Team3/commit/c425d367a4b77deac25eb5c72990ce3758f7140e)
#### Sunday 2020-11-29 23:05:35 by corielljacob

Implemented sign-in split for new/existing users

This was extremely annoying to figure out. I am honestly writing this for my future self to remember what happened here.
Guides highly recommend to use LiveData when getting data from the db. This is because it allows you to see your data update in real time and deals with some concurrency/threading stuff.
You cannot do db operations on the main thread. This is why you see a bunch of weird databaseWriteExecutor calls in Repository classes. That allows db stuff to occur on a seperate thread. However, what I wanted to do was not working with that approach. I wanted to check the db to see if a user existed in it and then do different things based on the result. This doesnt work with our current framework.

So I had to bring in two new classes: Callable and Future. Cant say I completely understand what they do but they replace the databaseWriteExecutor stuff so I would assume they are using other threads and blocking the main thread until the data is ready. By doing this, I was finally able to implement the SQL query and successfully branch what the app does based on if a user is new or existing!

---
## [ClosedGL2/GroceryTycoon](https://github.com/ClosedGL2/GroceryTycoon)@[789a3e15c0...](https://github.com/ClosedGL2/GroceryTycoon/commit/789a3e15c0196886fdb74df706a20ba94d1667ae)
#### Sunday 2020-11-29 23:46:10 by ClosedGL2

Finish rewriting in C, haven't tried compiling yet
C is the suckless language. Bjarne Stroustrup was a fucking evil idiot who
tried to ruin a perfectly good programming language with shit like
classes and templates in C++ to make code inefficient and messy. Wtf
needs public and private variables and functions in C++ classes? Private
variables are stupid pieces of shit that slow down programs by having to
call getter and setter functions all the time just to access a fucking variable.
Just use a struct. There's all the variables, pointers, and values
stored in the struct that can be accessed directly without the overhead
of a function that just fucking returns a value, and it makes the code
confusing and more janky, which makes it run like shit. If you have any
software projects in C++, I recommend you rewrite the whole fucking
thing in C. It will be easier to work with and easier to optimize. If
you think that optimization doesn't matter because modern computers are
fast and have plenty of resources, go fuck yourself. You're the reason
Fruit Ninja used to run fine on an iPhone 4, but now lags so much on my
Galaxy A21. Modern computers would be capable of so much more if
everyone still tried to optimize their code as well as possible. Fuck
C++. Write in C.

---

# [<](2020-11-28.md) 2020-11-29 [>](2020-11-30.md)

