# [<](2020-11-06.md) 2020-11-07 [>](2020-11-08.md)

140,645 events, 86,520 push events, 118,183 commit messages, 7,819,905 characters


## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[491e445a35...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/491e445a35a3fa44c9ea30ba6920d99176c9b6f7)
#### Saturday 2020-11-07 22:29:15 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Ports #10649 from Citadel: An attempt at making hijack not shit and more about point defence (#1311)

* Ports #10649 from Citadel: An attempt at making hijack not shit and more about point defence (#54146)

So essentially there was discussion already here (https://tgstation13.org/phpBB/viewtopic.php?f=33&t=27620) about how hijack is one of the few objectives on Manuel that you can murderbone with, which is mildly at odds with the intention of the server.

Personally, I think hijack is just straight up terrible regardless of what server you're on. The way it functions is dreadful. Nobody must be aboard the shuttle in any part of the shuttle at all. This means you have people hiding in the walls or hiding in some invisible corner of the shuttle, cucking you of the hijack. For the most part, the only way to actually hijack the shuttle is to render it completely inhospitable or destroying it utterly save for, maybe, one square. The one you are standing on.

It's absurd. So, I knew kev made a pretty honest attempt at reworking hijack. And it works pretty well. It doesn't necessarily solve the problem of hijackers being mandatory mass shooters, but it goes some ways to improving the objective in a more interesting fashion, and allows for the discussion around the objective to be a little more open ended for the sake of the higher roleplay servers without actually detracting from the lower roleplay servers at all. If anything, this should improve the experience of being that gamer to stage a hijacking all the more interesting and about robustness, and less of hide-and-go-seek.

* Ports #10649 from Citadel: An attempt at making hijack not shit and more about point defence

Co-authored-by: necromanceranne <40847847+necromanceranne@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [pmotschmann/Evolve](https://github.com/pmotschmann/Evolve)@[3fd29aab31...](https://github.com/pmotschmann/Evolve/commit/3fd29aab314298e1c4b7039c0bce7a9b401ec7a5)
#### Saturday 2020-11-07 23:36:57 by Beorseder

Moderate Bug Fixes

Hell:
Getting Prepared now updates the mech lab.
Fixed bug where the full amount of supplies could be gotten without enough of the consumed resource.
Defeating the Demon Lord now updates the tech page.
Getting Blood Stones now updates the Blood Infusion page so things update purchasability.

Techs:
Fixed bug where Industry page wouldn't show Furs right after getting Synthetic Furs tech.
Added wiki tech effects for Waygate and Demonic Infusion.
Added waygate3 tech requirement for Demonic Infusion.
Stabilize Decay tech no longer uses all the strings that Gene Theray does and no longer shows no effect on the wiki.

Misc:
Fixed bug where Detritivore Windmills wouldn't do anything.
Added stat tracking for Demonic Infusion Resets, Blood Stones Earned, and Artifacts Earned.
Fixed bug where Crates and Containers on Lumber would be lost when gaining Kindling Kindred.
Gas Giant mission effect now uses one string instead of archaic method of splitting into two strings.
Fixed bug where calculations for mass from Asteroid Eject were different in the Blackhole/Stellar Engine tooltips.
Fixed some typos.

---

# [<](2020-11-06.md) 2020-11-07 [>](2020-11-08.md)

