# [<](2020-06-12.md) 2020-06-13 [>](2020-06-14.md)

126,612 events, 65,169 push events, 94,137 commit messages, 5,808,653 characters


## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[b211b7218a...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/b211b7218a5e809e383b17fee3f9352988cec805)
#### Saturday 2020-06-13 22:09:04 by MrD

Use attrgetter instead of reduce

from operator import attrgetter
class A(object): pass
class B(A): pass
a = A()
a.b = B()
a.b.c = 'hello'
print(attrgetter(u'b.c'))(a)
hello

In theory faster too

More attrgetter - drop overrides in importers!

cint reduce XXX

Wip _AttrGettersCache(dict)

actor_importer_attrs -> never a tuple in there?

Note that

{}[[]]
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<input>", line 1, in <module>
TypeError: unhashable type: 'list'

so the isinstance(attr, (list, tuple, set)): make not sense, only tuple
should be accepted

DestructiblePatcher -> never has a 'model' attr ? TTT

Infernio:
You should be able to drop the _inner_loop here. destructible is only
ever a MelDestructible instance, so can't be a string, which should
make the behavior of this loop identical to its parent.

Same NB as with the other one though [WeaponMods] - this doesn't do
anything right now, but may have been intended to handle
case-insensitive comparisons of destructible.stages[i].model.

WeaponModsPatcher -> again no model? XXX

Infernio
You should be able to drop the string comparison logic here. The
'splitting by dots' logic is still required, but none of these attrs
can be strings at runtime:

modelWithMods - MelObject
firstPersonModelWithMods - MelObject
weaponMods - MelObject
soundMod1Shoot3Ds - list of fids
soundMod1Shoot2D - fid
effectMod1 - int
effectMod2 - int
effectMod3 - int
valueAMod1 - float
valueAMod2 - float
valueAMod3 - float
valueBMod1 - float
valueBMod2 - float
valueBMod3 - float
reloadAnimationMod - int
vatsModReqiured - int
scopeModel - MelObject
dnamFlags1.hasScope - bool, but special case because of dot
dnamFlags2.scopeFromMod - bool, but special case because of dot

That said, my guess is that the string comparison logic was meant to
apply to modelWithMods, firstPersonModelWithMods and weaponMods, and
the model comparison logic to scopeModel. So maybe we should keep it
and fix it up to use those instead?

Upon thinking on this further, maybe the right place to handle this
case insensitivity isn't in the patchers, but in the records. We
could make a MelCIString that turns the read string into a CIStr.
That way all this patcher-specific logic could disappear.

Utumno:
> this case insensitivity isn't in the patchers, but in the records.

Aaahhh - yes - but I want to get rid of the decoding/encoding on
loadData and dumpData. I guess - cause it is difficult to trace what
attribute of the records is used where, especially if it's called eid
- that most of the time those are decoded and then are unused and
then encoded - and apart from the performance that this costs, it
might lead to mangled up strings if that decoding/encoding messes up
(falling back to mbcs) - and we won't even know.

We really have to go through what encodings are really accepted (by
the game) in the string fields - possibly only cp1252?[1] This
started cause some mods encode some fields differently - but maybe it
will turn out that anyway apart from, say, 'description' nothing else
can be in Unicode, so we will compare byte-strings as byte-strings
for a lot of performance (and simpler code). Or not...

Case insensitivity is another fruit - but then to me the basic issue
is finding a way of doing the decoding/encoding/case-normalizing JIT.
I thought of dynamically adding properties to the records that wrap
the (now renamed to _eid say) string fields but this is getting messy
and complex. I thought about metaclasses (god forbid) or patching the
getSlotsUsed or... - but nothing yet as I just now start to grok the
records (thanks to your rewrite), and the dynamical nature of records
code does not help to trace what is used where.

> That said, my guess is that the string comparison logic was meant to
apply to modelWithMods

The special treatment of model is another oops - if we want to test
model.modPath then we should have in our arrays model.modPath and
hand along to the attrgetter (neat eh?) like the rest. Special cases
is what one wants to eliminate

For now, I will go ahead and rip those overrides off as you
commented, so we can revisit the long ids thing - although what I
would hope to get into nightly is prefixing, I regret adding dirs
prefixes as the right way is those unicode literals, as then we test
on py2 already (and convert all pickled strings to unicode for users
to have in their settings before py3)

And when the dust settles time for a simple_importers.py I think

Ref # 480, # 232

[1] we might then as well say str.dedode(u'cp1252') except
UnicodeDecodeError -> warn user that field X in record Y seems not
game readable.

lojack5:
I think from Skyrim on it's ok to always assume cp1252, some they
added translation strings.

On Oblivion for sure (and maybe Fallout 3 / NV?), Things are a mess
though. Both Chinese and Japanese are not supported by the game.
Either one or both of the languages (ive forgotten which) modders
have gotten to work by monkey patching the engine with a plug-in
(OBSE I think). I'd have to see if I ha e any of my correspondence
with valda to check though, at one point he sent me whatever they use
so I could test.

I'm not sure what Russian and other Cyrillic languages do though,
they may have a plug-in as well. The other big western European
languages have their own official game exe, I'm not sure if those use
a codepage but they might.

All of which to say, might need to implement it on a per game basis.
Not decoding would of course be an easy fix as well, although things
like importing/exporting npc names to/from csv and similar things
would have to have their encoding/decoding checked to work with that.

lojack5:
Found the Japanese patch: http://jpmod.oblivion.z49.org/

-----

FFF _setattr_deep

setup = """
class A(object):
    def __init__(self, a):
        self.a = a

a = A(5)
"""
print(timeit.timeit('a.__setattr__(u"a", 5)', setup))
print(timeit.timeit('setattr(a, u"a", 5)', setup))

0.11508789999999997
0.07353180000000004

took also ActorImporter one along

some more caching FFF

Before:

patcher_dialog.py  215 PatchExecute:          560913348 function calls (504538508 primitive calls) in 252.848 seconds

After:

patcher_dialog.py  215 PatchExecute:          560128783 function calls (503753943 primitive calls) in 253.211 seconds

700k function calls less

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[7141610bd7...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/7141610bd72bac9979f79ec634ad855e57e3e747)
#### Saturday 2020-06-13 22:09:04 by Infernio

Squashed version of inf-514-nehrim

commit 70eea8c716f864d5f94af66c3d0acc6db45335b8
Author: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>
Date:   Sat Jun 13 17:56:00 2020 +0200

    Nehrim Support

    The main commit, creates the module, images, etc.
    Also includes readme edits.

    Did not add installer edits because there already are some (probably
    dysfunctional) ones in there, plus I have no idea how I would even go
    about adding support for this. So people will just have to use the
    standalone/python versions.

commit 44d7fed6dc1e969c798e6642abb5805ea92976b5
Author: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>
Date:   Sat Jun 13 22:04:56 2020 +0200

    Support games with a non-fsName root dir

    For Nehrim, we want to keep a separate Bash Installers dir from the
    Oblivion one, so we need a new game var. Will most likely be obsoleted
    by profiles (together with many other hacks :P).

commit b8a402a0aa5a7aa37bd1651bee412b69a0a690e8
Author: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>
Date:   Sat Jun 13 20:58:33 2020 +0200

    Nirnroots are called Vynroots in Vyn

    Mopy/bash/patcher/patchers/multitweak_actors.py:
    Instantiate CBash actor tweaks per game

    Mopy/bash/tests/__init__.py:
    Temp change from 480-pt2

commit d78947d1deab2f7c592c00657fe8bb0859f17bc0
Author: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>
Date:   Sat Jun 13 18:24:36 2020 +0200

    Change a few fsNames checks to displayName checks

    Needed for things that are definitely 100% Oblivion only. Temp solution
    of course, real solution is creating new constants for these and/or
    refactoring/rewriting some of them (e.g. version switching could badly
    use some love).

    Mopy/bash/patcher/patchers/races_multitweaks.py:
    Don't complain about unused RACEs

    Mopy/bash/basher/app_buttons.py:
    Fixup for game launch button not working with OBSE enabled on steam
    installations. God, this button is a mess.

commit 1bbf1e09464e56f0c7e95035efc3c79c34131e4c
Author: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>
Date:   Sat Jun 13 18:22:31 2020 +0200

    Un-hardcode a lot of 'Oblivion.esm's

    Obviously needed for Nehrim, which does not have these.

    Mopy/bash/bosh/__init__.py:
    Drop Nehrim versions from version switching, we're dropping support for
    this

commit 8d1772547430d3134e53f2ca961ec4551ee6ffe3
Author: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>
Date:   Sat Jun 13 17:51:04 2020 +0200

    Use displayName to store game info

    Since Nehrim and Oblivion will share the same fsName, we need to use
    something that's definitely unique - so switch to using display names.

    Necessitates renaming a bunch of images, unfortunately. Took this
    opportunity to fix their case for eventual Linux support.

    Mopy/bash/game/oblivion/__init__.py:
    Change game detection file for Oblivion, in preparation for Nehrim
    support

commit 4999ad21f509c27b428c951ad34d4014567721d2
Author: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>
Date:   Sat Jun 13 17:46:53 2020 +0200

    Allow only one game master per game

    This variable (bush.game.masterFiles) was created for the half-baked
    Nehrim support we're dropping on this branch. Skyrim and FO4VR used it
    incorrectly, it's meant to be used for alternative master files that can
    completely replace the original one.

    Follow-up might be to drop bosh.modInfos.masterName? Not sure that's a
    good idea though.

---
## [Fhaxaris/tgstation](https://github.com/Fhaxaris/tgstation)@[0f6496a55c...](https://github.com/Fhaxaris/tgstation/commit/0f6496a55ceefa0f1bf1668fcef49b5182471695)
#### Saturday 2020-06-13 22:17:54 by Ryll Ryll

[READY] Adds Medical Wounds: Bamboo Bones and the Skin of Your Teeth (#50558)

About The Pull Request

This PR adds medical wounds, new forms of injuries that people can suffer that cause debilitation and complications, and often require more than what can be found in a medkit to treat. But let's be honest, big complicated walls of text about medical changes make people's eyes glaze over easily- so I created a handy infograph to explain the basics!

Also there's a full guide here!

dreamseeker_2020-04-18_20-42-19.png

The infograph may not be fully up to date with the specifics of the PR's status, but it'll be updated along with major changes so people have something to use as a crash course for familiarizing themselves with how wounds function. I also have another infograph with all 9 of the possible initial wounds coming, and will be up soon. You can also find the longform design doc here with more info on the broad details, including descriptions of treatments: hackmd whee
What this does

There's a lot to cover, but here's the bullet points of the main features and changes:

    Getting lots of damage on a limb can result in wounds, with more damage causing worse wounds. These can range from dislocated joints and minor cuts to compound fractures and fourth degree burns, and can affect you in different ways depending on what bodypart they're applied to (namely with broken bones).
    You can damage individual bodyparts on clothing (only jumpsuits for now) through the use of lasers and sharp weapons. Bodyparts that reach max damage are considered "shredded" and will not apply any protection for that zone until it is repaired with cloth. If all zones are disabled, the entire piece of clothing is shredded and unwearable until repaired with 3 cloth. Jumpsuits give a small amount of wound protection, and since sharp weapons and lasers generally get extra wound bonuses against bare flesh, even a plain jumpsuit provides decent protection from a few laser shots or scalpel stabs.
    Lasers gain a powerful niche versus unarmored/lightly armored carbons! As noted above, lasers can shred clothing and burn away zones of jumpsuits in 2 shots each, after which the target's bare flesh is exposed (barring other clothing), and lasers excel at dealing burn wounds against uncovered skin. Think big, nasty charring!
    Bleeding is now totally limb based, and gauze is as well. Bleeding is also 95% cut wound based, meaning sharp weapons make you bleed rather than just having 40+ brute on a limb.
    The more wounds and damage you get on a bodypart, the easier it'll be to gain more severe wounds. Wounds are arranged from Moderate, to Severe, to Critical in increasing severity, and you'll generally have to suffer the lesser ones before getting the worse ones.

dreamseeker_2020-05-15_03-15-59.png
Above: Someone having an incredibly bad day from bloodloss

dreamseeker_2020-05-04_22-29-29.png
Above: Scars from healed wounds

ShareX_2020-05-15_06-55-20.png
Above: Actual combat involving someone's head getting cracked

Here's a quick, if non-exhaustive, list of things I have left to do before I consider it feature complete

Finish adding treatments for each wound type/severity (mostly surgeries/triage for critical wounds)
Add second winds for bad injuries to give the victim a chance to get away
Flesh out severe & critical injuries in general
Find sprites for the bonesetter, bone gel, and anything else that might be needed
Add the medical items for treating the less severe wounds to the station
Polish code and remove any redundancies I left behind

    Quick balance pass to make sure nothing is horribly abuseable

Why It's Good For The Game

Adds a flexible new system for representing damage on carbons with injuries that can be treated in different ways. Moderate wounds from getting toolboxed or sliced with a scalpel can usually be treated by a buddy or even by yourself with the right tools, but getting flayed with a fireaxe or a laser gun emptied into your bare skin may require extra attention or even surgery in bad cases! Also makes laser guns cooler and more like 40k lasguns that can flash fry people (cool!)

This should also make spessmen more resilient and harder to kill outright, while still adding consequences and complications to getting hurt. Wounds aren't immediately fatal, but they can do things like slow down interactions, deal damage over time through infections, and generally make you more fragile until fixed. They can also give you a "second wind" on being applied that gives you a small adrenaline boost (or whatever) to help disengage and escape immediate danger.
Changelog

🆑 Ryll/Shaps
add: Introduces medical wounds, new injuries that can happen to fleshy carbons when they sustain lots of damage on a bodypart. There's quite a lot of change here, but you can read the guide at: https://tgstation13.org/wiki/Guide_to_wounds and an extended changelog is available here: https://hackmd.io/l_FI9b3tSqa_woDadewJXA
add: Introduces scars and temporal scarring! Healing a wound leaves a scar behind that can be seen by examining someone twice rapidly, and if Temporal Scarring is enabled in character prefs, surviving a round with scars will save them to be granted at roundstart another round! Let your body tell stories!
tweak: Bleeding is now fully bodypart-focused, and 95% of bleeding comes from cut wounds from sharp weapons. Gauze is applied on a limb-by-limb basis, and helps staunch bloodflow rather than totally stop it. Notably, you no longer bleed just from having 40+ brute damage on a limb.
del: Organic bodyparts are no longer disabled at maximum damage, but are easier to cause wounds to
add: O2 medkits in emergency lockers have been replaced with new emergency medkits with basic tools for diagnosing and treating wounds and basic damage
tweak: Herapin now rapidly increases bleeding on all open cuts, rather than causing bleeding by itself. The more cuts on the target, the more it will affect them.
tweak: Neckgrab table slams now hit the targeted limb rather than just the head, with a large chance to dislocate or break a bone
tweak: Sharp weapons and burning weapons can now shred zones on jumpsuits, disabling protection on that limb. Damaged clothes can be repaired with cloth.
tweak: Slaughter demons now deal less raw damage, but gain the ability to cause cut wounds, which becomes more powerful with each attack on a humanoid but resets when bloodcrawling.
/🆑

---
## [openzfsonosx/openzfs](https://github.com/openzfsonosx/openzfs)@[f66434268c...](https://github.com/openzfsonosx/openzfs/commit/f66434268cef381b2799c45c654162bfb8e128ce)
#### Saturday 2020-06-13 23:19:09 by Matthew Ahrens

Remove unnecessary references to slavery

The horrible effects of human slavery continue to impact society.  The
casual use of the term "slave" in computer software is an unnecessary
reference to a painful human experience.

This commit removes all possible references to the term "slave".

Implementation notes:

The zpool.d/slaves script is renamed to dm-deps, which uses the same
terminology as `dmsetup deps`.

References to the `/sys/class/block/$dev/slaves` directory remain.  This
directory name is determined by the Linux kernel.  Although
`dmsetup deps` provides the same information, it unfortunately requires
elevated privileges, whereas the `/sys/...` directory is world-readable.

Reviewed-by: Brian Behlendorf <behlendorf1@llnl.gov>
Reviewed-by: Ryan Moeller <ryan@iXsystems.com>
Signed-off-by: Matthew Ahrens <mahrens@delphix.com>
Closes #10435

---
## [newstools/2018-the-sun-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2018-the-sun-nigeria)@[3111fc1600...](https://github.com/newstools/2018-the-sun-nigeria/commit/3111fc16008387955bc972d8840bc319ac0bbc47)
#### Saturday 2020-06-13 23:47:12 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.sunnewsonline.com/horror-as-boy-21-kills-mother-makes-love-to-her-corpse-in-edo/]

---

# [<](2020-06-12.md) 2020-06-13 [>](2020-06-14.md)

