# [<](2020-04-23.md) 2020-04-24 [>](2020-04-25.md)

166,758 events, 89,406 push events, 142,375 commit messages, 12,401,800 characters


## [microsoft/terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)@[98ac196cec...](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/commit/98ac196cec88a0d85ae5eeb0cb96916fbb750220)
#### Friday 2020-04-24 22:14:48 by Michael Niksa

Lock when changing selection endpoint on wheel/auto-scroll (#5551)

Takes the lock inside two routines in `TermControl` that were changing
the selection endpoint while a rendering frame was still drawing,
resulting in several variants of graphical glitches from double-struck
selection boxes to duplicated line text.

## References
- Introduced with #5185

## PR Checklist
* [x] Closes #5471 
* [x] Already signed life away to company.
* [x] Manual tests passed since it's visual.
* [x] No extra doc besides the comments.
* [x] Am core contributor: Roar.

The renderer base and specific renderer engine do a lot of work to
remember the previous selection and compensate for scrolling regions and
deltas between frames. However, all that work doesn't quite match up
when the endpoints are changed out from under it. Unfortunately,
`TermControl` doesn't have a robust history of locking correctly in step
with the renderer nor does the renderer's `IRenderData` currently
provide any way of 'snapping' state at the beginning of a frame so it
could work without a full lock. So the solution for now is for the
methods that scroll the display in `TermControl` to take the lock that
is shared with the renderer's frame painter so they can't change out of
sync.

## Validation Steps Performed
- Opened terminal with Powershell core.
  Did ls a bunch of times.
  Clicked to make selection and held mouse button while wheeling around.
- Opened terminal with Powershell core.;
  Did ls a bunch of times.
  Clicked to make selection and dragged mouse outside the window to make
  auto scroll happen.
- Opened terminal with Powershell core.
  Did ls a bunch of times.
  Clicked to make selection and released. Wheeled around like a crazy
  person to make sure I didn't regress that.

---
## [openmaraude/APITaxi_front](https://github.com/openmaraude/APITaxi_front)@[05c8a27423...](https://github.com/openmaraude/APITaxi_front/commit/05c8a274238d8ea063479bed95474f0ee41e5d6e)
#### Friday 2020-04-24 22:29:30 by Julien Castets

WIP

I'm tired. The models API is so badly designed it is literally
impossible to create unittests without mocking everything, even if you
allow yourself to do a lot of ugly hacks. We need to rewrite completely
APITaxi_models, remove the fucking logic from __init__ method to put it
in a separate library, and stop having 50 dependencies just to create a
fucking object.

---
## [jonpryor/java.interop](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop)@[26fd04fd3f...](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop/commit/26fd04fd3f0d9b48ea629c031708418399d232b0)
#### Friday 2020-04-24 23:31:15 by Jonathan Pryor

[java-source-utils] Add Java source code utilities

There are two parts of the current `.jar` binding toolchain which are
painful and could be improved:

 1. Parameter names
 2. Documentation extraction

Parameter names (1) are important because they become the names of
event members as part of ["event-ification"][0].  As such they are
semantically important, and the default behavior of "p0" makes for a
terrible user experience.

*If* the `.class` files in the `.jar` file are built with
`javac -parameters` (4273e5ce), then the `.class` file will contain
parameter names and we're good.  However, this may not be the case.

If the `.class` files are built with `javac -g`, then we'll try to
deduce parameter names from debug info, but that's also problematic.

What's left?

It is not unusual for Java libraries to provide "source `.jar`" files,
e.g. Android provides `android-stubs-src.jar` files, and other
libraries may provide a `*-sources.jar` file.  The contents of these
files are *Java source code*.  These files are used by Android IDEs to
provide documentation for the Java library.  They contain classes,
methods, parameter names, and associated Javadoc documentation.

What they are *not* guaranteed to do is *compile*.  As such, we can't
compile them ourselves with `javac -parameters` and then process the
`.class` files, as they may refer to unresolvable types.

"Interestingly", we *already* have some tooling to deal with this:
`tools/param-name-importer` uses a custom Irony grammar to parse
the Android SDK `*-stubs-src.jar` files to grab parameter names.
However, this tooling is *too strict*; try to pass arbitrary Java
source code at it, and it quickly fails.

Which brings us to documentation (2): we have a [javadoc2mdoc][1] tool
which will parse Javadoc HTML documentation and convert it into
[**mdoc**(5)][2] documentation, which can be later turned into
[XML documentation comments][3] files by way of
[**mdoc export-msxdoc**(1)][4], but this tool is (1) painful to
maintain, because it processes Javadoc *HTML*, and
(2) *requires Javadoc HTML*.

Google hasn't updated their downloadable Javadoc `.zip` file since
API-24 (2016-October).  API-29 is currently stable.

If we want newer docs, we either need to scrape the
developer.android.com/reference website to use with the existing
tooling, or...  we need to be able to read the Javadoc comments within
the `*-stubs-src.jar` files provided with the Android SDK.
(Note: Android SDK docs are Apache 2; file format conversion is fine.)

We thus have two use-cases for which parsing Java source code would
provide a solution.

As luck would have it, there's a decent Apache 2-licensed Java project
which supports parsing Java source code: [JavaParser][5].

Add a new `tools/java-source-utils` program which will parse Java
source code to produce two separate artifacts: parameter names and
consolidated Javadoc documentation:

	$ java -jar java-source-utils.jar --help
	java-source-utils [<-a|--aar> AAR]* [<-j|--jar> JAR]*
		[--bootclasspath CLASSPATH]
		[<-P|--output-params> OUT.params.txt] [<-D|--output-javadocs> OUT.xml] FILES

Provide `--output-params FILE`, and the specified file will be created
which follows the file format laid out in
[`JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs`][6]:

	package java.lang
	;---------------------------------------
	  class Object
	    wait(long timeout)

Provide `--output-javadocs FILE`, and the resulting file will be a
`class-parse`-like XML file which uses `//@jni-signature` as the "key"
and a child `<javadoc/>` element to contain documentation, e.g.:

	<api api-source="java-source-utils">
	  <package name="java.lang">
	    <class name="Object" jni-signature="Ljava/lang/Object;">
	      <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      <constructor jni-signature="()V">
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </constructor>
	      <method name="wait" jni-signature="(J)V">
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </method>
	    </class>
	  </package
	</api>

This should make it possible to update the Xamarin.Android API
documentation without resorting to web scraping (and updating the code
to deal with whatever new HTML dialects are now used).

TODO:

In some scenarios, types won't be resolvable.  What should output be?

We don't want to *require* that everything be resolvable -- it's painful, and
possibly impossible, e.g. w/ internal types -- so instead we should "demark"
the unresolvable types.

`.params.txt` output will use `.*` as a type prefix, e.g.

	method(.*UnresolvableType foo, int bar);

`docs.xml` will output `L.*UnresolvableType;`.

fix JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs to support the above.

[0]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/internals/api-design#events-and-listeners
[1]: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/tree/d48cf04f9749664bf48fc16bcb920d5d941cccab/tools/javadoc2mdoc
[2]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc(5)
[3]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/xmldoc/
[4]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc-export-msxdoc(1)
[5]: https://javaparser.org
[6]: https://github.com/xamarin/java.interop/blob/93df5a200e7b6f1b5add451aff66bbcb24293720/src/Xamarin.Android.Tools.Bytecode/JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs#L45-L68

---

# [<](2020-04-23.md) 2020-04-24 [>](2020-04-25.md)

