# [<](2020-06-06.md) 2020-06-07 [>](2020-06-08.md)

3,528,338 events, 1,006,909 push events, 1,453,897 commit messages, 87,487,743 characters


## [daveyarwood/dotfiles](https://github.com/daveyarwood/dotfiles)@[74a4ed1ae9...](https://github.com/daveyarwood/dotfiles/commit/74a4ed1ae97df55890d6e4d29175f487d82c1ebe)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 00:02:13 by Dave Yarwood

more hackery to work around zoom's annoying tendency to fuck with my volume input/output settings

---
## [LuisSalTorro/470_lab2](https://github.com/LuisSalTorro/470_lab2)@[0b78891b7d...](https://github.com/LuisSalTorro/470_lab2/commit/0b78891b7dd69ee693a7fd90ed03abd0cf475b6f)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 00:41:08 by LuisSalTorro

Updated Server

No longer crashes when you send it garbage like "0        0" or "Hey, my wife, Karen (in case you forgot her name), left the kids and I have no where to sleep because she also took the bed and the house. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't amazed because that was a tiny Prius for that much weight. I know this sounds sappy, but I was wondering if you could let my crash at your place just for a week or two? It would mean a lot. I could buy you coffee. Emphasis on the 'could' because I she also took my wallet which I left on the nightstand that was normally in my room which is kinda connected to second floor of my house. Just please man, after my next paycheck I'll pay a bill for my nightly stays and give you no stress. I'll even pay accruing interest to show you that I won't try and con you or something. Am I using that word right? I don't think I am. How does one even become known as a con man. I mean, if you're a well known con man wouldn't that make you bad at conning people because then they know they're being conned? Or is the whole point to con stupid people that keep falling for lies even though that person is well known as a wrongdoer. Also, unrelated but can I borrow toothbrush too?"

Server still needs to accept more clients.

---
## [ErwinSnowden/CrashpointF13](https://github.com/ErwinSnowden/CrashpointF13)@[fd21381545...](https://github.com/ErwinSnowden/CrashpointF13/commit/fd21381545aa7b960684b575aa3541fd034326db)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 02:57:09 by ErwinSnowden

Adds back the gamer gear enclave LARP

haha funni you cant use this BoS because it's against your honor code or whatever. *inhales a drag* mmmmm pubbie tears.

also removes dumb reference /properly/ this time. it's gonna stay as a bus item because there are tons of other non-FO13 references in the code from the Home Run Bat to Holoparasites. It's not that bad of an item either and I personally like the sprite.

---
## [tarunprabhu/cish](https://github.com/tarunprabhu/cish)@[8e44109ce6...](https://github.com/tarunprabhu/cish/commit/8e44109ce6f7bcfe5bbc249a86cda1f16e4f09fa)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 03:48:22 by Tarun Prabhu

Switch to using Clang's AST. This is mainly because there are some ugly hacks that need to be done to correctly display vector expressions and GEP's and those depend on whether or not casts are displayed. This is just asking for trouble in the long run because the stringification, output options and IR parsing all get mixed together. This also stopped being an LLVM pass because of the wretched double definition problem caused by LLVM's CommandLine library. I never did figure out where the problem was but linking Clang and LLVM together seemed to cause it consistently. So now it's a standalone tool - which is probably better because I might be able to write simple C/C++ compiler wrappers based on this so the input doesn't have to be an LLVM IR file.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[1b1780ca18...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/1b1780ca18e44967434d011cf05c67e6a8ca82ae)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 11:11:14 by Marko Grdinić

"9:20am. Got up 50m ago and have been posting in that license thread. Since I am putting so much effort into it, I guess I really should stop and do some research on this. By that I mean watch Youtube vids.

Today, MS is really begging me to use the new Edge browser. To me the browser is just a browser. Years ago I used Opera, but switched to Chrome because of its inbuilt search and minimalist design.

9:35am. Ok, let me do my morning reading and then I'll start watching those license vids and get a basic education on that. I still haven't gotten an answer to any of the issues I've opened yesterday, no doubt because it is Sunday. It is easy to forget when you are me that weekends exist.

10:25am. Done with Ass Pride.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kGrKBOytYM
Felix Crux What You Need to Know About Open Source Licenses PyCon 2016

Let me watch this. After that comes server work. I'll have to figure out how to make Node start a new process and pass it the URI via command line arguments.

10:45am. https://youtu.be/9kGrKBOytYM?t=965

Anti ambush clauses. This is interesting. Definitely something I need to know about.

10:55am. https://youtu.be/9kGrKBOytYM?t=1413

Never heard about AGPL before now. This talk is good.

11:05am. https://youtu.be/9kGrKBOytYM?t=1898
> (slide) Custom licenses - just don't

> You can see an example of how this plays out with Douglas Crockford's well-known Javascript tools like JSLint. And the license to those are pretty standard, except they have the extra line, "The software shall be used for good, not evil." Now admittedly, that is pretty hilarious, but the practical upshot of it is that Debian, Fedora, the GNU project and a bunch of others can't carry and redistribute that from their repositories because both - obviously they don't have control how end users are going to use that software, and because it is incompatible with the freedom that they want to guarantee that they want to guarantee to let users use it for any purpose, including evil.

> However, there is one organization that can redistribute that code, and that is IBM. Because IBM's lawyers got a special exemption where they got Douglas Crockford to put in writing - "I give permission for IBM, its customers, partners, and minions to use JSLint for evil."

Oh lol.

11:35am. Ok, by this point I am convinced that I need to switch to LGPL, but I want to do more research on this.

https://choosealicense.com/licenses/

Ah, now that I look into this more carefully, the licenses are sorted by their power.

11:45am. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy7wpK7Qf5I
SpagoBI // Moving from LGPL to MPL ? Return on experience

Let me watch this.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwTlCBbB3RY
Making Qt Systems Comply To LGPL Version 3 - Burkhard Stubert (02/04/2019)

I'll go for this after that. I'll also have to watch something on MPL.

11:55am. Forget that first talk. The audio is poor, the speaker is not that good and it is just corporate speak for the first 10m.

12:05pm. https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/221365/mozilla-public-license-mpl-2-0-vs-lesser-gnu-general-public-license-lgpl-3-0

This is good.

> The major difference is how MPL / LGPL licensed code must be linked into the project. MPL source code files can be directly copied into a (possibly) proprietary software project (static linking), while LGPL licensed code must be dynamically linked (loosely linked to the possibly proprietary software project, so that end-users can switch out the licensed software library for another version of the licensed software library).

Which one of these do I want?

> Dynamic linking and thus LGPL imposes extra obstacles for packaging the proprietary software product, without promoting more contributions to the open source software library than by having static linkage (and thus MPL). There is a modified LGPL which allows static linking.

I think I might just go with MPL. After all, Spiral produces code which is all bundled, and I do not want to restrict the compilation options of my users.

12:15pm. Oh, the second answer which goes into detail on the edge case that MPL enables users not to share their improvements is interesting.

12:20pm. What is this tivoiazation thing? Hmmm...I do not really care about this. If the users want to avoid DRM, they have the freedom to hack.

12:35pm. https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/understanding-open-source/0596005814/

Interesting book.

Ok, by this point I've mostly settled on MPL. Given how Spiral works, if I ever rewrote the compiler in Spiral itself, it will all be statically linked. And I do not particularly care about the users themselves having the ability to swap library versions.

At the very least, after watching that video I decided that I definitely want the Apache pattern ambush protections.

1:05pm. Ok, let me stop here. Here is my plan - I'll wait wait a day or two to see if any more feedback comes in and if nothing has changed, I'll change the Spiral license to MPL. It is a toss up between LGPL and MPL, but I've decided on MPL because I do not want to restrict how the languages using the library end up compiling it.

MPL should be good enough for my purposes. To my eyes, it is fairly permissive, but not too much.

1:10pm. Finally done with this. I am quite satisfied. After I get back, I'll resume programming."

---
## [Yasir-siddiqui/android_kernel_xiaomi_lavender](https://github.com/Yasir-siddiqui/android_kernel_xiaomi_lavender)@[231f7e2b3e...](https://github.com/Yasir-siddiqui/android_kernel_xiaomi_lavender/commit/231f7e2b3ef730addded1caa39f3a81488b17a46)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 11:19:47 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Dede Dindin Qudsy <xtrymind@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Yasir-siddiqui <www.mohammad.yasir.s@gmail.com>

---
## [urlib/tex_0](https://github.com/urlib/tex_0)@[02af8126d1...](https://github.com/urlib/tex_0/commit/02af8126d10c760b5b8a2aa879a89fa882c81db7)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 12:01:22 by vmlankub

tex: I have heard from so many that you feel afraid - afraid in your communities, afraid in your daily lives, and, most cruelly of all, afraid in your own skin. We can have no society worth celebrating unless we can guarantee freedom from fear for every person who gives this country their love, labor, and life.

---
## [Jprimero15/lolz_rebase](https://github.com/Jprimero15/lolz_rebase)@[02ca9d582e...](https://github.com/Jprimero15/lolz_rebase/commit/02ca9d582e86a6534ec929033609a6ca50eb7514)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 12:54:12 by Joshua Primero

ARM: hotplug: Use blu by default

* FUCK YOU IF YOU ARE READING THIS
* disabled bricked
* lil bit tweak on blu boi

Signed-off-by: Joshua Primero <jprimero155@gmail.com>

---
## [unit0016/NTCanada](https://github.com/unit0016/NTCanada)@[3583595086...](https://github.com/unit0016/NTCanada/commit/35835950864c3773e82cc151dfaa79bab9ec8c97)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 13:10:16 by Unit 0016

Adds SO MUCH SHIT TO OUTPOST OH MY GOD

Remaining departments are science (needs toxins) security (needs overhaul) and evacuation/it's facilites.

---
## [Apitpr0/Dirty-meh](https://github.com/Apitpr0/Dirty-meh)@[94daa20d0d...](https://github.com/Apitpr0/Dirty-meh/commit/94daa20d0d34e88207b9645a8410e4c09cb81459)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 14:22:06 by HafizZiq

change owner

fuck you

Signed-off-by: HafizZiq <hafizuddinismail552@gmail.com>

---
## [Mistiare/PGJ-Untouchable](https://github.com/Mistiare/PGJ-Untouchable)@[779bbeb292...](https://github.com/Mistiare/PGJ-Untouchable/commit/779bbeb29267836afde5e012b37f69de8249cdae)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 16:52:33 by Thomas Copp

-fixed shitty ass collision shut up cunt
-played with my pp in my scene

---
## [zmwangx/caterpillar](https://github.com/zmwangx/caterpillar)@[afd0bd1543...](https://github.com/zmwangx/caterpillar/commit/afd0bd154359e64f135f09b76c878c8167d28b64)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 17:07:46 by Zhiming Wang

conftest: fix server process for py38

py38 somehow has trouble pickling HLSServer for multiprocessing (of course the
server would contain thread._lock; the better question is why the hell there
wasn't an issue up until py37).

Anyway, we switch to using a separate HLSServerProcess class for the
mp.Process, and rely on a mp.Queue to get URLs back, then hack them into
__dict__.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4da154135f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/4da154135fe91c046706768aaeac5d4a1dac0f05)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 17:12:06 by Marko Grdinić

"2:25pm. Done with breakfast. Let me slack a bit more.

2:55pm. Ok, enough. I need to start this thing.

...Hmmm, I do want to read up a bit more on MPL. So let me do that.

3pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJIi-hIlCQM
CppCon 2015: Kevin P. Fleming “A Crash Course in Open Source Licensing"

This 1.5 hours. If I watch this I won't have much left in me for programming, but maybe I should in fact just go with that.

https://speckyboy.com/which-license-do-you-choose-for-your-code/
https://tldrlegal.com/license/mozilla-public-license-2.0-(mpl-2)

Let me do it.

Let me get this out of my system.

> MPL is a copyleft license that is easy to comply with. You must make the source code for any of your changes available under MPL, but you can combine the MPL software with proprietary code, as long as you keep the MPL code in separate files. Version 2.0 is, by default, compatible with LGPL and GPL version 2 or greater. You can distribute binaries under a proprietary license, as long as you make the source available under MPL.

What does compatibility with LGPL mean here?

> This license is mainly applied to libraries. You may copy, distribute and modify the software provided that modifications are described and licensed for free under LGPL. Derivatives works (including modifications or anything statically linked to the library) can only be redistributed under LGPL, but applications that use the library don't have to be.

The descriptions on this site are better.

3:10pm. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/License_compatibility

Never really understood what this meant specifically.

3:15pm. Let me watch the video. The article is poorly written and I am having trouble focusing on it.

...Actually, I forgot that I need to do chores. I'll be right back.

4:10pm. https://youtu.be/cJIi-hIlCQM?t=2344

The talk is informative, even though I am falling asleep by now. Here he talks about the requirement to document changes. The GPL licenses require that and I've been wondering how that would go before the era of Git since it would be so onerous to actually do.

He mentions that this is the least enforced clause in all of open source. That answers my question. Probably people were ignoring that requirement. So it is fine that MPL does not have it.

https://youtu.be/cJIi-hIlCQM?t=2524

This part covers static linking.

5pm. https://youtu.be/cJIi-hIlCQM?t=4656
> If you make certain types of changes you are allowed to make to the software and still call it Firefox, but if you go outside the scope of those changes you are not allowed to call it Firefox anymore. That's why in Debian it is not called Firefox.

5:35pm. Ok, enough of this. I've spend the whole day immersed in license issues. This is as good as I am going to get without going to law school.

I said I would wait two days, but let me change the license of Spiral to MPLv2 now. If /u/frumious or anybody else chimes in that thread, I'll be open to changing it. It is not like Spiral has any users by myself at the moment, so this is really easy to do. No problem at all.

5:40pm. From here on out, I'll try not to think about this anymore. Tomorrow, I want to focus on making progress on editor support for Spiral. Tomorrow, I will try to integrate the config parser with VS Code. I have everything I need for that, though I do not have quite everything ready for full support on the Node side yet. I wish that I get replies to those ZeroMQ.js issues soon so I can figure out how to set up router and dealer sockets and do routing on them.

Well, that will have to wait till tomorrow.

Right now, into the clipboard the MPL goes. And done.

5:50pm. So to reiterate, it was a tossup between LGPL and MPL. I choose the later due to its more permissive compilation restrictions. LGPL would force anybody using Spiral as a library to link it dynamically and I do not want to block any compilers from doing whole program optimization much like Spiral does. Picking LGPL would give me issues down the road if Spiral was rewritten in itself - because Spiral links everything statically, LGPL makes no sense for either it or its libraries.

I am really grateful to that SO question for making making these library linking differences between the two licenses clear to me. I am not sure whether I would have inferred it on my own. It would have taken more effort to be sure.

6pm. Interesting that the CppCon speaker said that there is no definite yes when it comes to law. So I am doing exactly the right thing by seeking a wide array of opinions here.

https://www.reddit.com/r/opensource/comments/5kjwlp/thinking_of_switching_to_mozilla_public_license/

Let me read some more. I'll call it a day soon.

6:10pm. Not much there on Reddit. I am not surprised, it is not exactly a thrilling subject.

6:30pm. I am reading the license itself to see if it is consistent with what I know. I would not be able to figure out that distributing the source when doing compilation is not necessary just by reading this.

> However, a larger work using the licensed work may be distributed under different terms and without source code for files added in the larger work.

Actually, reading this more closely, doesn't this mean that the original MPL library has to have its source disclosed even if it is used as part of proprietary work?

6:50pm. I'll interpret it like that.

> You may create and distribute a Larger Work under terms of Your choice, provided that You also comply with the requirements of this License for the Covered Software.

This is from the license. The said requirements being that the source of the Covered Software is disclosed. The same applies for Covered Software being distributed in Executable Form.

6:55pm. Let me affix this view in my mind.

Yes, I know that I should have had more patience and did this before setting the license to MIT, but the way I roll is to try out a move and then dwell on it afterward. It seems to be intrinsic to my personality. I do this to save my mental bandwidth.

When I set the license my mental model was the larger works could be completely opaque, but that makes no sense. Even though they might be statically linked programs that use MPL libraries, they are still required to disclose the source of the MPL libraries they are using.

This is something I will also need to keep in mind when using libraries in commercial software.

I need to keep in mind that copyleft ~= disclose source. If they chain got broken due to compilation, then there would not be much point to the license now wouldn't it? It would be no different from Apache.

https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/questions/174907/can-i-use-epl-licensed-libraries-and-not-give-out-the-source-code-of-my-applicat

Eclipse was one of the licenses suggested on the FSF page. Even though it is a weak-copyleft license it does require disclosing of the source.

7pm. Let me force myself to stop here. I meant to do it 1.5 hours ago. As usual once I get going, I find it hard to stop.

Tomorrow, it is language server time.

I will focus my whole being on getting that config parser done. If I do not get a reply from the authors on how to do use router sockets, nor polling, I am going to have to spend time on that myself. Strictly speaking I would not need to, but I can't feel at ease unless I do things properly and in turn.

I have so much work left to do before I master all of this, but it should be doable by the end of the year. By the end of the year I will have it all. Since I know that, I feel a strong urge to keep going.

I will keep going until it is done.

No matter what, I do not want to let go of this feeling. Some losers might cry and moan about missing the best parts of history, but to me the best part is what is coming up next. This decade will be a blast."

---
## [ZixeSea/eris](https://github.com/ZixeSea/eris)@[7f7940cbb1...](https://github.com/ZixeSea/eris/commit/7f7940cbb1c2fe28008c50ff29c80091f297285e)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 17:42:57 by ZixeSea

Remove all things related to call because fuck you

---
## [jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi)@[99a3851ffb...](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi/commit/99a3851ffbba71962de409e43e0f4bdf7a9dd4a2)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 18:18:59 by Hans de Goede

ACPI / LPSS: Save Cherry Trail PWM ctx registers only once (at activation)

The DSDTs on most Cherry Trail devices have an ugly clutch where the PWM
controller gets turned off from the _PS3 method of the graphics-card dev:

            Method (_PS3, 0, Serialized)  // _PS3: Power State 3
            {
                ...
                            PWMB = PWMC /* \_SB_.PCI0.GFX0.PWMC */
                            PSAT |= 0x03
                            Local0 = PSAT /* \_SB_.PCI0.GFX0.PSAT */
                ...
            }

Where PSAT is the power-status register of the PWM controller.

Since the i915 driver will do a pwm_get on the pwm device as it uses it to
control the LCD panel backlight, there is a device-link marking the i915
device as a consumer of the pwm device. So that the PWM controller will
always be suspended after the i915 driver suspends (which is the right
thing to do). This causes the above GFX0 PS3 AML code to run before
acpi_lpss.c calls acpi_lpss_save_ctx().

So on these devices the PWM controller will already be off when
acpi_lpss_save_ctx() runs. This causes it to read/save all 1-s (0xffffffff)
as ctx register values.

When these bogus values get restored on resume the PWM controller actually
keeps working, since most bits are reserved, but this does set bit 3 of
the LPSS General purpose register, which for the PWM controller has the
following function: "This bit is re-used to support 32kHz slow mode.
Default is 19.2MHz as PWM source clock".

This causes the clock of the PWM controller to switch from 19.2MHz to
32KHz, which is a slow-down of a factor 600. Surprisingly enough so far
there have been few bug reports about this. This is likely because the
i915 driver was hardcoding the PWM frequency to 46 KHz, which divided
by 600 would result in a PWM frequency of approx. 78 Hz, which mostly
still works fine. There are some bug reports about the LCD backlight
flickering after suspend/resume which are likely caused by this issue.

But with the upcoming patch-series to finally switch the i915 drivers
code for external PWM controllers to use the atomic API and to honor
the PWM frequency specified in the video BIOS (VBT), this becomes a much
bigger problem. On most cases the VBT specifies either 200 Hz or 20
KHz as PWM frequency, which with the mentioned issue ends up being either
1/3 Hz, where the backlight actually visible blinks on and off every 3s,
or in 33 Hz and horrible flickering of the backlight.

There are a number of possible solutions to this problem:

1. Make acpi_lpss_save_ctx() run before GFX0._PS3
 Pro: Clean solution from pov of not medling with save/restore ctx code
 Con: As mentioned the current ordering is the right thing to do
 Con: Requires assymmetry in at what suspend/resume phase we do the save vs
      restore, requiring more suspend/resume ordering hacks in already
      convoluted acpi_lpss.c suspend/resume code.
2. Do some sort of save once mode for the LPSS ctx
 Pro: Reasonably clean
 Con: Needs a new LPSS flag + code changes to handle the flag
3. Detect we have failed to save the ctx registers and do not restore them
 Pro: Not PWM specific, might help with issues on other LPSS devices too
 Con: If we can get away with not restoring the ctx why bother with it at
      all?
4. Do not save the ctx for CHT PWM controllers
 Pro: Clean, as simple as dropping a flag?
 Con: Not so simple as dropping a flag, needs a new flag to ensure that
      we still do lpss_deassert_reset() on device activation.
5. Make the pwm-lpss code fixup the LPSS-context registers
 Pro: Keeps acpi_lpss.c code clean
 Con: Moves knowledge of LPSS-context into the pwm-lpss.c code

1 and 5 both do not seem to be a desirable way forward.

3 and 4 seem ok, but they both assume that restoring the LPSS-context
registers is not necessary. I have done a couple of test and those do
show that restoring the LPSS-context indeed does not seem to be necessary
on devices using s2idle suspend (and successfully reaching S0i3). But I
have no hardware to test deep / S3 suspend. So I'm not sure that not
restoring the context is safe.

That leaves solution 2, which is about as simple / clean as 3 and 4,
so this commit fixes the described problem by implementing a new
LPSS_SAVE_CTX_ONCE flag and setting that for the CHT PWM controllers.

Signed-off-by: Hans de Goede <hdegoede@redhat.com>
---
Changes in v2:
- Move #define LPSS_SAVE_CTX_ONCE define to group it with LPSS_SAVE_CTX

---
## [sfan5/mpv](https://github.com/sfan5/mpv)@[31acec5438...](https://github.com/sfan5/mpv/commit/31acec543819cf56d63dddae59507858b1229b75)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 20:03:12 by wm4

path: change win32 semantics for joining drive-relative paths

win32 is a cursed abomination which has "drive letters" at the root of
the filesystem namespace for no reason. This requires special handling
beyond tolerating the idiotic "\" path separator.

Even more cursed is the fact that a path starting with a drive letter
can be a relative path. For example, "c:billsucks" is actually a
relative path to the current working directory of the C drive. So for
example if the current working directory is "c:/windowsphone", then
"c:billsucks" would reference "c:/windowsphone/billsucks".

You should realize that win32 is a ridiculous satanic trash fire by the
point you realize that win32 has at least 26 current working
directories, one for each drive letter.

Anyway, the actual problem is that mpv's mp_path_join() function would
return a relative path if an absolute relative path is joined with a
drive-relative path. This should never happen; I bet it breaks a lot of
assumptions (maybe even some security or safety relevant ones, but
probably not).

Since relative drive paths are such a fucked up shit idea, don't try to
support them "properly", and just solve the problem at hand. The
solution produces a path that should be invalid on win32.

Joining two relative paths still behaves the same; this is probably OK
(maybe).

The change isn't very minimal due to me rewriting parts of it without
strict need, but I don't care.

Note that the Python os.path.join() function (after which the mpv
function was apparently modeled) has the same problem.

---
## [sfan5/mpv](https://github.com/sfan5/mpv)@[cce7062a8a...](https://github.com/sfan5/mpv/commit/cce7062a8a6b6a3b3666aea3ff86db879cba67b6)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 20:03:12 by wm4

lua: fix highly security relevant arbitrary code execution bug

It appears Lua's package paths try to load .lua files from the current
working directory. Not only that, but also shared libraries.

  WHAT THE FUCK IS WHOEVER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS FUCKING DOING?

mpv isn't setting this package path; currently it's only extending it.
In any sane world, this wouldn't be a default. Most programs use
essentially random working directories and don't change it.

I cannot comprehend what bullshit about "convenience" or whatever made
them do something this broken and dangerous. Thousands of programs using
Lua out there will try to randomly load random code from random
directories.

In mpv's case, this is so security relevant, because mpv is normally
used from the command line, and you will most likely actually change
into your media directory or whatever with the shell, and play a file
from there. No, you don't want to load a (probably downloaded) shared
library from this directory if a script try to load a system lib with
the same name or so.

I'm not sure why LUA_PATH_DEFAULT in luaconf.h (both upstream and the
Debian version) put "./?.lua" at the end, but in any case, trying to
load a module that doesn't exist nicely lists all package paths in
order, and confirms it tries to load files from the working directory
first (anyone can try this). Even if it didn't, this would be
problematic at best.

Note that scripts are _not_ sandboxed. They're allowed to load system
libraries, which is also why we want to keep the non-idiotic parts of
the package paths.

Attempt to fix this by filtering out relative paths. This is a bit
fragile and not very great for something security related, but probably
the best we can do without having to make assumptions about the target
system file system layout. Also, someone else can fix this for Windows.

Also replace ":" with ";" (for the extra path). On a side note, this
extra path addition is just in this function out of laziness, since
I'd rather not have 2 functions with edit the package path.

mpv in default configuration (i.e. no external scripts) is probably not
affected. All builtin scripts only "require" preloaded modules, which,
in a stroke of genius by the Lua developers, are highest priority in the
load order. Otherwise, enjoy your semi-remote code execution bug.

Completely unrelated this, I'm open for scripting languages and
especially implementations which are all around better than Lua, and are
suited for low footprint embedding.

---
## [Caldony/tgstation](https://github.com/Caldony/tgstation)@[af062b2b07...](https://github.com/Caldony/tgstation/commit/af062b2b071b40c0be82df620abc9ee3b9a989f6)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 21:57:22 by Caldony

adds the "emag mode"

emag mode is simple, cuban pete has all 6 traits at his disposal. The current best tactic I could find is 4 defend in a row to get rid of the magical trait, followed by 3 power attacks, which will both get rid of the shotgun and chonker trait

then hope to fucking hell that the short temper trait keeps cuban pete from hitting you and spam light attacks until he hopefully dies. Counter attacking is basically useless because of the smart/magical combo so don't even try to do that.

---
## [RepComm/wikit](https://github.com/RepComm/wikit)@[369d7d06a2...](https://github.com/RepComm/wikit/commit/369d7d06a290497291da32aa7f98c3823d908125)
#### Sunday 2020-06-07 23:43:45 by RepComm

Fixed overflow. Apparently inputs are evil.
Parents, don't let your kids play with inputs.
Fuck you, inputs.

---

# [<](2020-06-06.md) 2020-06-07 [>](2020-06-08.md)

