# [<](2020-07-04.md) 2020-07-05 [>](2020-07-06.md)

1,573,495 events, 864,168 push events, 1,239,561 commit messages, 70,190,922 characters


## [mexisme/nixos-hardware](https://github.com/mexisme/nixos-hardware)@[73bc95cca4...](https://github.com/mexisme/nixos-hardware/commit/73bc95cca45818bda42b7ef729f52f38ac46c377)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 03:11:52 by mexisme

Copy the IPTS kernel patch from the 5.5 dir to the 5.4 dir.

Conversation on https://gitter.im/linux-surface/community suggested this would
reenable IPTS on 5.4:

-----
@matrixbot Feb 29 15:33
hpfr Blaž Hrastnik (Gitter): thanks for the mention. mexisme (Gitter) finally, someone who actually knows Nix and isn't just a config nerd writing proper NixOS Surface configs! I am stuck on 4.19 at the moment because IPTS is now a proper reverse-engineered kernel driver (https://github.com/linux-surface/intel-precise-touch) instead of just a blob package, and I haven't had time to look at how to package that for Nix. If you're on 5.5, are you just not using IPTS? Would love to help out on packaging that for NixOS
hpfr also, development conversations seem to happen more at #linux-surface on freenode, which you can connect to with matrix via https://matrix.to/#/!OXIGGPCpnzaNVeGtCA:matrix.org if you don't like IRC clients

@matrixbot Feb 29 15:39
hpfr Also, I'm not using jakeday's patches, I'm using the more recent ones from the linux-surface/linux-surface repo, but yeah, for 4.19, so they're a bit different from the 5.x patchsets. afaik 4.19 is still supported because it's the last LTS release that supports the "official" IPTS blob before Linux made changes that required reverse engineering a driver that didn't use GuC submission (I'm just quoting here, I have no idea what that is haha)

@matrixbot Feb 29 19:27
Blaž > now a proper reverse-engineered kernel driver
Should be similar to before, we just offer it as a patch
Blaž https://github.com/linux-surface/linux-surface/blob/master/patches/5.5/0007-ipts.patch
Blaž Anyway I'm keeping an eye out on your NixOS builds since I'm thinking about giving it a try

@matrixbot Feb 29 19:32
Blaž Currently running Arch but using nix as a way to manage development environments for various projects

@matrixbot Mar 01 10:41
hpfr Blaž: well shoot is that patch all that’s necessary for building in-tree? It does all the things the linux-surface/intel-precise-touch repo does?

Dorian Stoll @StollD Mar 01 12:56
Yes
Just adds all the files from the repo to drivers/input/touchscreen and adds the necessary glue to drivers/input/touchscreen/{Makefile, Kconfig}

@matrixbot Mar 02 09:13
hpfr Dorian Stoll (Gitter): oof. Could’ve been on 5.4+ all this time!

---
## [seeing-things/zwo](https://github.com/seeing-things/zwo)@[fd1bc2fe39...](https://github.com/seeing-things/zwo/commit/fd1bc2fe3987d74cc10081b61fe8d3bec04c1143)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 05:54:37 by Justin Gottula

Implement ARMv7 support (untested)

ARM Thumb mode is the most evil thing ever conceived from a reverse
engineering point of view. Not only do you (and your disassembler) never
have a goddamn clue when the code is in Thumb mode or not (leading to
confusion and wrongly-disassembled instructions); but then if you want
to hack around with this code and actually interface with it, good luck
with that, because probably half the stuff will be in regular ARM ISA
and the other half will be in Thumb and it's just a giant inconsistent
mess.

You have no idea how happy I am that ARM made the highly intelligent
decision to NOT support the Thumb instruction set(s) in AArch64.
Dropping that shit was the best decision they ever made.

---
## [live-clones/lintian](https://github.com/live-clones/lintian)@[4fe31d5a41...](https://github.com/live-clones/lintian/commit/4fe31d5a4104cee39f146b4f6398e49af21ef9cb)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 08:00:35 by Felix Lechner

In Debian patches, only check the DEP-3 header for legacy encoding. (Closes: #964281)

Splits Debian patches into parts and only checks patch headers for
legacy encodings. Thank you to Axel Becker for that excellent idea.

The bug reporter encountered what must have been a frustrating
experience. After fixing files for legacy encodings, the Debian patch
itself triggered the tag!

Thanks to Axel Beckert for his patience and the generosity of his time
in reporting the oversight. It ended up being a fun and easy fix.

As a side note, the bug reporter's statement about upstream files was
not fully accurate.  The check never looked at upstream files. It
looked at installed files, many of which probably came from upstream.
Of course, the check also looked at Debian files, which were at issue
here.

This commit has a potential to disturb the release process. Since
building is broken in unstable, the package was built and examined
with Lintian in a testing chroot. The package was clean:

N: Using profile debian/main.
N: Starting on group lintian/2.82.0+git
N: Unpacking packages in group lintian/2.82.0+git
N: Finished processing group lintian/2.82.0+git
N: ----
N: Processing changes file lintian
N: (version 2.82.0+git, arch source all) ...
N: ----
N: Processing source package lintian
N: (version 2.82.0+git, arch source) ...
N: ----
N: Processing buildinfo package lintian
N: (version 2.82.0+git, arch all source) ...
N: ----
N: Processing binary package lintian
N: (version 2.82.0+git, arch all) ...

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[8523bc1316...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/8523bc1316fd8d6903518dad9c61a7ac75c0498c)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 10:34:40 by petrero

196.1. Refactoring the SearchBar(Section 14: Hooks in Practice)

I've got my application running inside the browser, just running it right now inside of our new videos,

Dash Hoke's project, to make sure that the entire project still works as expected.

But I can still do a search up here or say, forest.

Look on results.

Played the video.

Yep, looks like everything still works as expected.

OK.

Remember, we really only have to make changes to the app component and the search bar.

The search bar is definitely an easier component to tackle.

So let's use that to get started.

Back inside my editor, I've already opened up the search bar, James File inside the components directory.

Now, really quick, make sure you are making changes to your new videos, Dash Hooks Project, not

the old videos project.

It would be great if you keep a record of the old videos project that use class components and the new

one that's going to use hooks.

Just you can compare and contrast the code on your own.

And then inside of this component, we're going to take a quick glance at the contents of this class

before we start to refactor it into a normal function component.

So as I look at this, I noticed right away that we're making use of state inside of here.

So as we refactor this into a function component, we'll definitely need to make use of the use state

hook.

However, search bar definitely does not make use of any life-cycle methods.

And because of that, we probably do not need to make use of the use effect hook inside of here.

Use effect is usually used inside of a function component to kind of emulate or simulate the use of

a lifecycle method.

So because we have no lifecycle methods, no need for any use effect took.

All right.

So then mind, we're going to import the only hook that we're probably gonna use inside of here, which

is you state.

Then at the top of the file, I'm going to declare a new function component called search bar.

So we are going to go through our class of search bar line by line.

And for every line of code, we're going to move it over into our function component and refactor it

as we go.

So we're gonna first begin with the state declaration right here.

So we need to make sure that we declare a piece of state inside of our function component.

All term.

And we want to tab a default value of an empty string.

So to do so inside of our function component, we'll put in term and set term.

We'll call you state and provide a default value of empty string.

And then going to delete that state declaration out of search bar.

Just remember that I've taken care of that line of code.

Next up, we're going to move over both of these event handlers.

Whenever we move event handlers into a function like this, remember, we're going to declare them as

functions inside the body of this function.

So we cannot just cut and paste these.

I can do that really quick thing and cut both them and paste them into our function component.

We cannot just do that and leave it right there.

We need to make sure that we adjust the syntax that it's properly syntax inside of a function.

So to do so, all we will have to do in this case is make sure that we put in the Konsta keyword in

front of both of those even handlers.

Then inside those even handlers, I'm gonna make sure I update the code for both them.

So in the case of en input change.

We have a call inside there to set state.

Well, of course, inside of a function component.

We don't have any idea of this, let alone set state if we want to update state.

We have to make use of the Seder that we got when we initialized a piece of state with the you state

hook.

So for on input change, we're going to delete that line inside of their.

And replace it with set term event target.

Next is our unformed simit, even handler, the inside of here.

We still want to prevent default on the event.

But now we are trying to call some prop function of unformed cement.

Right away, you'll notice that we've got a little bit of a naming collision here.

We need to receive a prop into this component called on form submit.

So if we do that right away.

Like, so we've now got a naming collision because we are receiving a prop called on form Simit.

And we also are declaring a function called on foreign cement.

We should probably change the name of this event handler right here.

So it does not conflict with the name of the prop that is coming into our component, going to change

the name of the event handler to on cement.

Very simple, very straightforward little change.

Then inside the body, that function, we can adjust the second line of code inside there.

So, again, we don't have any idea of this inside of a function component.

We should definitely remove it.

Then I d structured out the on forms, submit function of the props object.

We don't really need the reference to props right there.

We can delete it and we are left with just on forms simit.

Then finally, once again, no idea of this inside of a function component to get access to our term

piece of state.

We can simply refer to term that we will replace this dot state, dot term with just term.

OK.

Now, one last little change, we're going to go down to our render method.

I'm going to cut the entire return block out of here.

So from Rilly Return keyword all the way down to the closing parentheses of that J.S. X block.

I'm going to cut all that.

And then put it in at the very bottom of my function component.

So here's the function component down the very bottom.

I will paste in that return statement.

Now, we will go through this J.S. X line by line and update all the different references inside of

your accordingly.

So looks like the very first one is the form element.

We are providing an on cement prop so we change the name of that callback to simply on cement.

We're going to take that function and provide it to that prop that will delete this dot on form submit

and replace it with on cement.

Next up at our input element, we are providing a value prop.

There is no longer a this dot state dot term.

There is only term by itself.

Will update value.

And then four on change.

Remember, we just put together on input change right here.

We'll provide a reference to that function by putting in just on input change.

All right.

So that's it.

We just refactored from a class component to a function component by moving over all this code line

by line.

There's definitely one or two little three factors we could do inside of here just to improve the legibility

of the search bar component function.

For example, this Aulbach right here or this event handler of en input change is very, very short

rather than declaring a separate function.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[fbef1987a3...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/fbef1987a39ae5bb9371747d0b16d59a3271e863)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 10:34:40 by petrero

197. Refactoring the App(Section 14: Hooks in Practice)

We are all done refactoring our search bar component.

So we're not going to start to refactor the app J.S. file.

We're going to once again go through the thing line by line.

We're going to first understand the different hooks that we're going to need to use in our new function

version of the app component.

And we're going to start to move all of our code over line by line.

So as I look at our class app right now, I noticed right away that is making use of state and inside

the state object.

We are declaring two separate properties.

That means that inside of our function component, we will need to make use of the use state hook twice,

once to declare a piece of state called videos and wants to declare a piece of state called selected

video.

Then right after that, we are making use of the component did Mount Life-cycle method.

That means we will need to use the use effect hook inside of our function component as well, because

use effect is roughly equivalent in nature to a lifecycle method.

You on that?

I just see a couple of different callback functions.

There's one there's one render method.

And that's pretty much it.

I think that all we really need here is two pieces of states.

A U.S. fact took and copy pasting a lot of code around.

To get started at the very top to file from react, I'm going to import you states and use effect.

Then right above class AB, I'm going to declare a new function component called out as well.

At the very top.

We'll declare are two pieces of state.

We'll call them videos and selected video.

We'll get videos.

We'll provide a default value of an empty array.

And selected.

Video with set selected video.

And for that, we'll give a default value of not.

Alex, good.

I'll then delete that state declaration.

Next up, I'm going to make use of the use effect took remember, component did mount is going to only

run one time for our app component when the app component first is rendered onto the screen to make

use of the use effect hook and get some roughly equivalent functionality we can call use effect.

And then provide a second element or a second argument of an empty array.

And remember, empty array means run this function right here.

Only one time you can think of this form of use effect as being roughly equivalent to component did

mount.

We can then move over.

That on term summit, we're going to cut that paste it in like so.

And again, we don't have any idea or concept of this inside of a function component.

So we will remove the this dot and we are left with only on term simit.

Then delete component in Mount.

OK, so next up, we've got on term summit, that's where we take some term, do the search and then

update our state.

Once again, let's just take that entire function.

And then pasted directly after use effect.

I'll make sure that I put in concert in front of on term submit.

And then inside of here, we're gonna do a quick scan through and make sure that we don't have any references

to things like this or this doc props or distort state or anything like that.

The first looking at the request, and that all looks good to me.

Then looking after that, we've got a call to this dot set state, do we need to take this entire state

set state call and divided into two separate function calls?

One is gonna be a call to set videos to update our videos, piece of state and the other vehicle to

set selected video to update the selected video piece of state.

Right above the set state, we're going to do a set videos.

And provide response data items.

And then set selected video and provide response data items at zero.

We can then delete the entire this dot set state call.

All right.

That's it for on term summit.

Now, what do we have next?

Well, we've got on video select.

OK.

That's gonna be easy one.

So we'll cut that as well.

But it right after.

On term submit inside of our function component.

Ro Konsta on their.

And then inside the body, that function, we definitely of a call to this state said state.

Again, no idea of set state.

So we can delete that entire line.

And replace it with set selected.

Video and provide the video that we want to select.

The last thing is our big J.S. X block down here.

Once again, we'll take the entire return statement.

So everything from return down to the closing parentheses.

A cut that leaves behind just the render function.

I'll then go up to my function components and right after.

On video select.

I will paste in that entire return block.

And then we could go through here and update everything line by line.

So first off, we've got our search bar component.

We have to provide a function to call whenever a user submits a term.

And that function that we provide right there will be called with a search term that the user entered.

So in our case, we've still got this on term simit function right here.

We're going to provide that to the on form summit.

That's going be on term simit.

Next up is our video detail.

We are providing a prop of the currently selected video.

Once again, there's no this state.

We just have a single variable inside this component called selected video.

So we will delete the this dot state dot and leave behind just selected video.

And then finally on video list.

We no longer have a dot on video select.

Instead, we've got the on video select function by itself.

We'll just provide a reference to that.

And then in addition, there is no this dot state dot videos, there is just videos.

We can then go down to the bottom.

The lead the class app that is left behind, and that is pretty much it.

Now, at this point, we have refactored from a class based component into a function component.

There are definitely some improvements we can make on this function component.

Right now, I want you to notice that by just making use of hooks, we have not necessarily improved

the legibility or the reuse or anything like that of our app component.

It is simply, at this point, a slightly different syntax.

So this is actually really important for you to understand in the community.

There's a lot of interest and excitement around hooks, but making use of hooks just do not automatically

make your code better than making a sort of a class based component.

If you want to make your code better, you can use hooks.

But you have to do some additional work on top of that, that we absolutely can refactor the thing and

make this code way more legible, but it will require more work on our end.

Now, the very last thing we'll do very quickly is save this file.

Let's go back over to the browser and just make sure everything still works.

Open up my console.

Just make sure I don't get any errors from our code.

Remember, you might see some error blocked by client or stuff like that.

That's totally fine.

Those in my case in particular, I'm running an ad blocker and it's blocking some ads tied to the YouTube

I frame right here.

It's all do a search for forest.

And I can still click on a video and play it.

OK.

Well, that is the re factor that we are making use of hooks now instead of class based components.

But like I said, we could probably figure out one or two ways to condense down our app component right

now.

Let's take care of that in just a moment.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[8acbc21eb3...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8acbc21eb3524c400546f443dc5d47471d58edca)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 13:37:23 by Marko Grdinić

"2:25pm. I posted the above on the VS Code's Slack channel, but it is fairly inactive so I do not know if I will get an answer.

2:35pm. I made a few posts, and this will be enough to get some attention. I am not going to get anywhere until I get some advice from the devs on how to build VS Code. Alternatively, they can fix the bug themselves.

2:40pm. I am thinking what I should do here.

```fs
type TokReq =
    | Put of string * IVar<FileOpenRes>
    | Modify of SpiEdit [] * IVar<FileChangeRes>
    | GetAll of IVar<VSCTokenArray>
    | GetChanges of IVar<FileTokenChangesRes>

let server = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let tokens = ResizeArray([[||]])
    let offsets = ResizeArray([0])
    let mutable errors = [||]

    let replace (edit : SpiEdit) =
        while edit.from < offsets.Count-1 do offsets.RemoveAt(offsets.Count-1)

        let toks, ers = Array.map tokenize edit.lines |> Array.unzip
        tokens.RemoveRange(edit.from,edit.nearTo-edit.from)
        tokens.InsertRange(edit.from,toks)

        errors <- errors |> Array.filter (fun (_,(a,_)) -> (edit.from <= a.line && a.line < edit.nearTo) = false)
        errors <- Array.append errors (ers |> Array.mapi (fun i x -> process_error (edit.from+i, x)) |> Array.concat)

    let offset i =
        while offsets.Count-1 < i do let i = offsets.Count-1 in offsets.Add(offsets.[i] + tokens.[i].Length)
        offsets.[i]

    let line_delta i =
        let rec loop i = if i = 0 || 0 < tokens.[i].Length then i else loop (i-1)
        if i = 0 then 0 else i - loop (i-1)

    let tokens_between_length from near_to =
        let rec loop s i = if i < near_to then loop (s + tokens.[i].Length) (i + 1) else s
        loop 0 from

    let tokens_between_extra from near_to =
        let ar = ResizeArray()
        let rec loop_extra i = // On every change, the first token after the range needs to have its line delta adjusted.
            if i < tokens.Count then
                let x = tokens.[i]
                if 0 < x.Length then ar.Add([|x.[0]|]); 1 else loop_extra (i+1)
            else 0
        let rec loop_between i = if i < near_to then ar.Add(tokens.[i]); loop_between (i + 1)
        loop_between from
        loop_extra near_to, ar.ToArray()

    let req = Ch()
    let changes = Queue()
    let loop =
        Ch.take req >>= function
            | Put(text,res) -> changes.Clear(); replace {|from=0; nearTo=tokens.Count; lines=Utils.lines text|}; IVar.fill res errors
            | Modify(edits,res) ->
                edits |> Array.map (fun edit ->
                    let offset = offset edit.from
                    let length = tokens_between_length edit.from edit.nearTo
                    replace edit
                    let extra, data = tokens_between_extra edit.from (edit.from + edit.lines.Length)
                    offset*5, (length+extra)*5, vscode_tokens (line_delta edit.from) data
                    )
                |> changes.Enqueue
                IVar.fill res errors
            | GetAll res -> vscode_tokens 0 (tokens.ToArray()) |> IVar.fill res
            | GetChanges res -> let x = changes.ToArray() |> Array.concat in changes.Clear(); IVar.fill res x
    Job.foreverServer loop >>-. req
```

As annoying as it is, let me redo all this again. Both the implementation and the design of the token provider is broken at the moment, so I am just wasting my time with this. I do not want my Spiral dev time to be held hostage until this issue is resolved, so I'll switch to the range provider rather than the current changes one.

2:45pm.

```fs
| Put(text,res) -> changes.Clear();
```

I am absolutely not sure whether this clear should be here or not. I have no clue. This is part of the reason why it is such a mistake to design the token provider like that.

If I were just setting some data structure programatically this would not have been a problem.

2:50pm. Instead of dawdling, let me just do this. Tokenization is taking way too much of my time and I need to move on from this.

2:55pm.

```ts
        async provideDocumentRangeSemanticTokens(doc: TextDocument, range : Range) {
        }
```

The big challenge with this provider is cutting off tokens so they match the ranges exactly. I do hope that all the viewports start at the beginning of the line as that will make things a lot easier.

3:05pm.

```fs
type TokReq =
    | Put of string * IVar<FileOpenRes>
    | Modify of SpiEdit [] * IVar<FileChangeRes>
    | GetRange of VSCRange * IVar<VSCTokenArray>

let server = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let tokens = ResizeArray([[||]])
    let mutable errors = [||]

    let replace (edit : SpiEdit) =
        let toks, ers = Array.map tokenize edit.lines |> Array.unzip
        tokens.RemoveRange(edit.from,edit.nearTo-edit.from)
        tokens.InsertRange(edit.from,toks)

        errors <- errors |> Array.filter (fun (_,(a,_)) -> (edit.from <= a.line && a.line < edit.nearTo) = false)
        errors <- Array.append errors (ers |> Array.mapi (fun i x -> process_error (edit.from+i, x)) |> Array.concat)

    let line_delta i =
        let rec loop i = if i = 0 || 0 < tokens.[i].Length then i else loop (i-1)
        if i = 0 then 0 else i - loop (i-1)

    let req = Ch()
    let loop =
        Ch.take req >>= function
            | Put(text,res) -> replace {|from=0; nearTo=tokens.Count; lines=Utils.lines text|}; IVar.fill res errors
            | Modify(edits,res) -> edits |> Array.iter replace; IVar.fill res errors
            | GetRange((a,b), res) ->
                let from = a.line
                let near_to = b.line
                vscode_tokens (line_delta from) (tokens.GetRange(from,near_to-from).ToArray()) |> IVar.fill res
    Job.foreverServer loop >>-. req
```

Let me go with this. For now, I'll assume it will start the viewport from the start of the line, rather than busting my balls about cutting in the middle.

...Ok, let me change the VS Code side of things.

3:15pm. This refactoring is turning out to be really simple. I really did a good job of making the design modular, so I am having no trouble swapping here.

I am done on the VS Code side. Let me adjust the server next.

3:15pm. I adjusted it.

Let me give it a try. Apart from not supporting multiple passes, and the awkward way the viewport is handled, and the fact that semantic tokens should not be organized via deltas for the range provider, this thing should be sound.

3:20pm.

```fs
let near_to = b.line
```

This needs to be +1. But it does appear that my assumption of the viewport starting at one and ending at the last character of the last line is right. Nice.

```fs
            | GetRange((a,b), res) ->
                let from, near_to = a.line, b.line+1
                vscode_tokens (line_delta from) (tokens.GetRange(from,near_to-from).ToArray()) |> IVar.fill res
```

Let me just go with this then.

3:25pm. There is some flickering, but I'll bear with it. Really, this is so shoddy.

Thankfully tokenization is not **that** important, so this should pass muster, but I expected better.

3:30pm. Let me commit here. With this, I am finally done with tokenization. When the time comes to do blocks, I will just swallow the slightly bigger lag while it finishes parsing a block.

To be honest, right now the lag is so visible, that I doubt delay the tokenizationation for the whole block to finish parsing will slow things down in particular."

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[c8223a0189...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/c8223a0189c54465f97a6f0992ce3c5d9a531af5)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 14:50:19 by petrero

214.1 Testing Our Example(Section 15: Deploying a React App)

In the last section we finished up all of our different reducers So we now have three action creators

and three reducers something that's really important to note at this point in time is that we have not

made a single reference to the redux library whatsoever.

So the vast amount of code that we're going to write with redox is going to be just normal code normal

functions normal arrays and objects that you and I write only at very small very specific points in

time are we going to even think about referencing the redux library directly now that we've put all

of our action creators and reducers together.

We're going to wire them all together into a single object called a store a store in redux is essentially

the assembly of a collection of different reducers and action creators.

So at the bottom of this file I'm going to take the redux library remember that we already added redux

into this code penned project a little bit ago.

So if you do a console log of redux you'll see that we've got the redux library right here.

We're going to pull off two specific functions from the library called create store and combine reducers

and that's going to come from redux.

So now to wire together all of our reducers we're going to use this combined reducers function.

I'll tell you exactly what that thing is doing in just a minute.

So I'm going to say Konst or deps So this is essentially the combination of all of our different departments

or all of our different reducers put together and that's going to be the result of calling combined

reducers and passing in an object with a couple of different key value properties to this object we're

going to pass in each of our different reducers.

So I'm going to say accounting is accounting claims history is claims whoops is claims history and our

policies is our policies.

Now each of these variables right here are the names of our different reducers that we just put together.

So there's policies accounting and claims history now that we've combined all of our producers together.

We're going to use the other function from redux called create store.

So underneath that I'll say Khan's story is create store and I'll pass in our department's.

And now we have this magical store object.

The store object represents our entire redux application.

It contains references to all of our different reducers and to all of our state produced by those reducers

are all the data produced by those producers as well.

The store object has a couple of different functions on it that are going to be very useful for what

we're trying to do.

One of the functions on here is the dispatch function this dispatch function right here is just like

that original form receiver that we had spoken about.

So we want to pass the dispatch function an action when we sent send it in action which is just like

our form.

The Dispatch is going to make a copy of it and then send it off to each of the different producers inside

our application.

Just as in the analogy we had said that the form must pass to a former receiver in the form receiver

put it on a copier and then passed copies of that form to each of the different departments.

So in order to call dispatch we first have to pass in an action that is created by an action creator.

So let's first create an action by calling an action creator and then we can pass the action off to

dispatch.

All right so before stored dispatch I'm going to say Konst action is let's try to create a policy I'll

say create policy.

And remember any time that we called it create policy action creator right here we have to pass in a

name and an amount to pay to the company to get a policy.

So as the first argument I'll pass in a name of Alex and an amount of money of 20.

So if I wanted to I could do a console log of action and I should see the action object.

There it is right there I've got my type and my payload.

So I'm going to take that action and pass it to store dispatch.

And now it looks like nothing at all happened.

But you can actually use another method on the store object to get a better idea of how we just changed

all the data inside of our application.

Remember when we take storm dispatch and pass that the action that action will be forwarded off to each

producer.

And so as soon as we called sort of dispatch each of our different reduce or functions or departments

He essentially ran and process that action or that form.

So now if I do a store get States get state is a function that's going to essentially get our entire

assembled repository of data for our company just as we said we before we're going to have this kind

of a central repository.

So the Kogut state we get access to that big gigantic glob of information

now I need to make sure they actually do a console log because that is just a plain object.

That's better.

All right so after it runs we're going to see the state of our application printout.

So you'll see that we've got here of accounting.

So that's how much money we have in our company.

And then we've got policies which is the array that has the name of everyone who has signed up for a

policy with our company.

That's pretty much it.

So now we can call all of her different action creators past the action that gets returned to store

dispatch and that's going to incrementally modify exactly how the state of our company looks.

That is all contained inside of the store.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[898cf71741...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/898cf7174184108f1d9d668375e1a5332d3a9783)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 15:39:52 by Marko Grdinić

"3:45pm. Just putting a few comments in places.

3:50pm. Now, I need to take some time to think about what is next.

This stupid issue took my whole day and I haven't even dealt with it properly.

3:55pm. Ok, let me step away from the screen for a while to think about the next step. Up to now my attention was wholly on tokenization, and I hadn't primed my brain for anything else today.

At first glance the next step is parsing, but not quite - parsing is the step after the next one.

The next step is blockization.

It is a really simple idea, but the block server will be the supervisor of the whole pipeline. It is what is going to allow me to implement the later stages just as conveytor belts that take in blocks. It is the piece that will chain different packages together into a single thread that the later stages can digest.

It is also going to be the server that will do all the communication with the editor.

I've been imagining using modulation through intermediate nodes and such, but that is a bad idea. After much thinking I finally realized that after typechecking (and the rest of the stages) are done, they need to check back with the supervisor to make sure that the block has not changed. I can't just send whatever comes out of the other end without doing that first.

4:05pm. Let just step away from the screen. When I want to think I should just do it in bed. When I am inactive in front of the screen there is the temptation to surf my usual haunts.

4:55pm. I took that nap for a bit.

Let me make the block parse function. It is really extremely simple. After that I'll call it a day. Today it seems I just did not feel like doing much.

5:25pm.

```fs
module Spiral.Blockize
open Tokenize

/// Groups the comments with the statement following them.
let blocks (ar : LineToken ResizeArray) : Result<LineToken [] [], int * LineToken> =
    let indent_init = 0
    let blocks = ResizeArray()
    let blocks_add (b : _ ResizeArray) = blocks.Add(b.ToArray())
    let rec loop_initial (b : _ ResizeArray) i =
        if i < ar.Count then
            let r,t as x = ar.[i]
            if r.from = indent_init then
                match t with
                | TokComment _ -> b.Add x; loop_initial b (i+1)
                | _ -> b.Add x; loop_body b (i+1)
            else Error(i,x)
        else blocks_add b; Ok(blocks.ToArray())
    and loop_body (b : _ ResizeArray) i =
        if i < ar.Count then
            let r,_ as x = ar.[i]
            if r.from = indent_init then blocks_add b; loop_initial (ResizeArray()) i
            else b.Add x; loop_body b (i+1)
        else blocks_add b; Ok(blocks.ToArray())
    loop_initial (ResizeArray()) 0
```

This is not a bad way of starting this thing off.

5:30pm. The server version of this will essentially do the same thing as the above, except incrementally.

5:35pm. That is what I am going to focus on tomorrow.

Today, let me call it a day early for once. I'll use this time to charge up and fill myself with motivation for what will come next. When the next thing comes I always do not feel like it. That is the wrong way to think. What I need to think is that everything in my life is wrong because I do not have blockization. I need to feel the dissatisfaction over that. Then the piece will get done."

---
## [EricLin252/DB-term-project](https://github.com/EricLin252/DB-term-project)@[4574a9527f...](https://github.com/EricLin252/DB-term-project/commit/4574a9527ff097f92655bb43b6a3b1dd97a502e3)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 15:42:42 by EricLin252

do the best, fuck you JS, find_submit unfinish-7/5

---
## [priyavarshini04/RYD_assignment](https://github.com/priyavarshini04/RYD_assignment)@[645b670007...](https://github.com/priyavarshini04/RYD_assignment/commit/645b670007bbd1bd2b181890ff00747361533c9c)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 16:14:18 by PRIYAVARSHINI GAJENDRAN RAMESH

Create biology_questions.json

[
    "1.      Who was the first to isolate Gene?",
    "2.      Which cell organelles function as the power house of a living cell?",
    "3.      Nobel Prize winning scientist James D. Watson is known for his work in which area?",
    "4.      What is the Branch of science which deals with the study of skin of man?",
    "5.      Which test helps in diagnosis of cancer?",
    "6.      The filtering of blood through an artificial kidney is called ?",
    "7.      Animals store glucose in the form of  ?",
    "8.      Who invented penicillin?",
    "9.      The longest and largest bone in the human body is ?",
    "10.    Which is known as master gland in man?",
    "11.    Which vitamin is essential for the coagulation of blood?",
    "12.    Which insect spreads kala-azar?",
    "13.    Name the smallest functional unit of the kidney?",
    "14.    What is the smallest structural and functional unit of nervous system?",
    "15.    Which animal have no blood but they respire?",
    "16.    What is the Dental formula of man?",
    "17.    The biogas used for cooking is a mixture of ?",
    "18.    Which plant yeilds biodiesel or biofuel?",
    "19.    The most serious air pollutant causing health hazard is ?",
    "20.    Which major chemical compound found in human kidney stones?",
    "21.    Sex determination of child is done by whose chromosome?",
    "22.    What is the name of first clones sheep?",
    "23.    What is known as 'kitchen of cell'?",
    "24.    Enlargment of which gland takes place due to deficiency of iodine?",
    "25.    Which part of human brain is the regulating centre for swallowing and vomiting?",
    "26.    What are Bryophytes?",
    "27.    The number of Chromosomes in the human gene is ?",
    "28.    Polio is caused by whom?",
    "29.    Ductless glands are known as  ?",
    "30.    The human faces is yellow in colour due to the presence of a pigment called      ?",
    "31.    Which enzyme is found in human saliva?",
    "32.    Hansen's disease is also known as ?",
    "33.    What is systolic and diastolic pressure in a healthy man?",
    "34.    Which is considered as the strongest natural fibre?",
    "35.    The deficiency of which leads to dental caries?",
    "36.    Companion cells are unique to ?",
    "37.    The smallest bone in the human body is ?",
    "38.   A person feel fatigued due to deposition of which acid in their muscles?",
    "39.   How many bones are present in human skull?",
    "40.   Which lobe of human brain is associated with hearing?",
    "41.   Upper most layer of skin is called  ?",
    "42.   Motor skills are associated with which part of the brain?",
    "43.   Blood group was discovered by whom?",
    "44.   The ph value of human blood is ?",
    "45.   Name the largest gland in the human body?",
    "46.   What is the chemical name of a substance which kills rats?",
    "47.   The metal present in the haemoglobin is   ?",
    "48.   Which mosquito is the carrier of Zika virus?",
    "49.   Name the gas used for making vegetable ghee?",
    "50.   Which part of brain is centre of thirst, hunger and sleep?",
    "51.   Which regulates the quantum of light entering the human eye?",
    "52.   DNA stands for ?",
    "53.   What percentage of water is lost during transpiration?",
    "54.   Pyramid of energy is?",
    "55.   Edward Jenner is related with which disease?",
    "56.   The hormone used as an oral contraceptive is ?",
    "57.   Which vitamin is considered to be a hormone?",
    "58.   The process of photosynthesis involves conversion of what?",
    "59.   Who explained about the blood circulation for the first time?",
    "60.   Dog bite can cause rabies. Which other animal can also cause rabies?",
    "61.   Saliva helps in the digestion of which thing?",
    "62.   Which is the sweetest sugar?",
    "63.   Which enzyme is present in all members of the animal kingdom except  Protozoa?",
    "64.   What is contained in Chlorophyll?",
    "65.   From which part of the plant is turmeric obtained?",
    "66.   Lacrymal glands are situated in the ?",
    "67.   The specific role of Vitamin K is in the synthesis of  ?",
    "68.   Which Part of plant is important for the life cycle of plant?",
    "69.   Increased RBC's in the blood leads to a condition called ?",
    "70.   Name the hormone that regulates the amount of glucose in the blood ?",
    "71.   Which is known as graveyard of RBC's?",
    "72.   Which disease is caused by the bite of a mad dog?",
    "73.   What is the normal cholesterol level in human blood?",
    "74.   The first vaccine injected into a just born baby is  ?",
    "75.   Which are phagocytes in liver?",
    "76.   Which gland disapear during old age?",
    "77.   The study of Dendrology is associated with ?",
    "78.   Theory of natural selection was proposed by  ?",
    "79.   By which doctor was the first successful heart transplant in India performed?",
    "80.   The food poisoning is caused by  ?",
    "81.   Which acid is found in 'Tomato'?",
    "82.   Haematopoiesis take place in ?",
    "83.   Which part of human brain is affected by alcohol?",
    "84.   Ascariasis is caused by ?",
    "85.   Turpentine oil is obtained from ?",
    "86.   Which salt is found in bone in largest amount?",
    "87.   Genes are made by ?",
    "88.   Which disease is known as 'silent killer'?",
    "89.   By whom was oral polio vaccine discovered?",
    "90.   The compound used in anti-malarial drug is  ?",
    "91.   Which is responsible for transport of food and other substances in  plants?",
    "92.   BCG vaccination (Bacillus Calmette Guerine) is injected to get immunity from ?",
    "93.   First vaccine produced by bio-technology was used against which virus?",
    "94.   Alcoholic drink contains ?",
    "95.   Xerophthalmia is a disease caused by lack of which vitamin?",
    "96.   Which is responsible for the process of cell division?",
    "97. What is known as 'Suicidal bags of cell'?",
    "98. The plants, which grow under water stress conditions are called ?",
    "99. Which metal is present in Insulin?",
    "100.Most of the red, blue and purple colours of plants are due to a pigment  called ?"
]

---
## [priyavarshini04/RYD_assignment](https://github.com/priyavarshini04/RYD_assignment)@[a847afcf21...](https://github.com/priyavarshini04/RYD_assignment/commit/a847afcf2173a5a3e7b7d8dceb7c27bdea55e588)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 17:39:02 by PRIYAVARSHINI GAJENDRAN RAMESH

Create History_question.json

[
    "1. Who invited Babar to invade India?",
    "2. Who attended the Second Round Table Conference as the representative of the Congress?",
    "3. Who was the member of \u2018Din-llahi\"?",
    "4. Who, was the Nanda ruler at the time of Alexander\u2019 invasion?",
    "5. Who is known as the \u2018indian Bismark\u2019?",
    "6. Who named \u2018Prayag Nagar\u2019 as \u2018Allahabad\u201d?",
    "7. Who passed the Indian university Act?",
    "8. By whom was Saka era founded?",
    "9. Which Peshwas was popularly known as Nana-Saheb?",
    "10. Memories of Babur (Tuzk-eBabur) was written in which language?",
    "11. Who organised Ashwamedha Yajna in Gupta Period?",
    "12. Which group were related to \u2018Tana Bhagat\u2019 movernent?",
    "13. Who was thrice elected President of the Indian National Congress?",
    "14. Who, was the Nanda ruler at the time of Alexander\u2019 invasion?",
    "15. Which Chola ruler converted the Bay of Bengal into a \u2018Chela lake\u2019?",
    "16. During which reign was Kalidasa lived?",
    "17. The Gayatri Mantra contained in the Rigveda is dedicated to which deity?",
    "18. Which ruler was known as Amitraghata, the \u2018destroyer of foes\"?",
    "19. Under which suitan, Chalisa land increased considerably?",
    "20. Which Mughal emperor's tomb is outside India?",
    "21. Who was the first foreigner to invade India?",
    "22. Which was the God of animal during the later Vedic period?",
    "23. From where sufi movement was started?",
    "24. By whom was the famouis'Kirti Stambha\u2019 at Chittor built?",
    "25. Analects is sacred text of which religion?",
    "26. Which Rajput dynasties did not surrender to Akbar?",
    "27. Which ruler at first assumed the title of \u2018Hazrat-Ala' and afterwards \u2018Sultan\u2019?",
    "28. Who is related to Sarvodaya and Bhoodan movement?",
    "?",
    "30. Which was capital of Raja Ranjit Singh of Punjab?",
    "31. High Courts in Calcutta, Mumbai and Madras were established in which year?",
    "32. What was the script used in the earliest Tamil inscriptions?",
    "33. At which place did Mahatma Gandhi start his first Satyagraha in India?",
    "34. Who was the British PM at the time of Revolt of 1857?",
    "35. Who is considered to be the father of Ayurveda?",
    "36. Which Veda throws light on the beliefs and practices of the non-Aryans?",
    "37. Who was called Zinda Pir (living saint) in Mughal India?",
    "38. What was Sher Shah's real name?",
    "39. Who earned the title of a \u2018Liberator?",
    "40. With whom did Alberuni come to India?",
    "41. Who was the President of the Indian National Congress, while the Mountbatten Plan was accepted?",
    "42. Who first voiced the idea of a separate Muslim state in India?",
    "43. Who founded \u2018Bharat Sevak Samaj\u2019 (Servants of Indian Society)?",
    "44. Who had the Revenue system during Akbar\u2019 reign?",
    "45. Attack on \u2018chittgaon arsenal\u2019 was done in whose leadership?",
    "46. Who is associated with Tashkent Agreement?",
    "47. Who advocated the policy of abolishing princely states in free India?",
    "48. Who was responsible for the integration of Indian Princely States?",
    "49. In which year was the Muslim league founded?",
    "50. In which year did the Congress loose its monopoly of power in the States for the first time after the elections?",
    "51. Where there is no law, there is no freedom\" who said this?",
    "52. Who was the famous Indo-Greek king who embraced Buddhism?",
    "53. Who destroyed the group of Forty Nobles?",
    "54. Who was the daughter of Emperor Aurangzeb?",
    "55. Who was the first speaker of independent India?",
    "56. Where was first Madarasa set up by the British in India?",
    "57. In India, where did the Dutch establish their earliest factory?",
    "58. Who was the writer of \u2018the Indian War of Independence\u201d?",
    "59. In which battle did Nadir shah defeated Muhammad Shah?",
    "60. By whom was the first muslim invasion of India lead?",
    "61. What is the subject matter of the Upanishads?",
    "62. Who betrayed Sirajud-Daulah in the battle of Plassey in 1757?",
    "63. A Fortgotten Empire\u2019, written by the renowned historian Robert Sewell, is about which empire?",
    "64. Who proposed the name Pakistan\"?",
    "65. Who was the oldest British monarch to sit on the throne?",
    "66. By whom was the first estimate of national income in India made?",
    "67. Where did \u2018Parallel government\u2019 form during Quit India movement?",
    "68. During whose Viceroyalty, Queen Victoria was crowned with Kaiser Hind\u2019 in Delhi Durbar?",
    "69. Late Raja Ravi Verma, was an eminent figure in which field?",
    "70. Who stated that there was.no slavery in India?",
    "71. Who was the regent of Akbar?",
    "72. By whom was the agitation against the partition of Bengal led?",
    "73. Who was the Mughal Emperor to have lifted the Jaziya on Hindus?",
    "74. Who is known as \u2018the father of India's unrest\u2019?",
    "75. Which ruler had granted Diwani to the East India company?",
    "76. Against whom did Gandhiji started Satyagraha movement in 1919 in protest?",
    "77. Who was the first President of the Indian Trade Union Congress in 1920?",
    "78. \u2018Man-The Maker of His Own Destiny\u2019 book was written by which person?",
    "79. Whowas the first governor of Portuguese in India?",
    "80. During which movement was Mahatma\u2019 added before Gandhij's name?",
    "81. Whois the Father of local self government in India?",
    "82. Who introduced Mansabdari system?",
    "83. By whom was the Indian Independence League set up?",
    "84. On whichriver did Pulakesin ll defeat Harshavardhana?",
    "85. By whom was the city of Agra founded in 1504?",
    "86. Who deciphered Adhikansh Inscriptions for the first time?",
    "87. By whom was the practice of Sati was declared illegal?",
    "88. Who was the Governor General when the first Anglo-Burmese was started?",
    "89. Who was the first Indian Hindi scholar of the Mughal period?",
    "90. Quit India Movement started after the failure of which proposal?",
    "91. Who wrote the song \u2018Saare Jahan Se Acha\u2019?",
    "92. When the East India Company came intoexistence,By whom was England was ruled?",
    "93. Inwhich session was PURNA SWARAJ! adopted as it\u2019s goal by INC?",
    "94. Who first started the civil servicesin India?",
    "95. Attack on \u2018chittgaon arsenat\u2019 was done in whose leadership?",
    "96. Who is associated with Tashkent Agreement?",
    "97. In which year was the Muslim league founded?",
    "98. In which year did the Congress loose its monopoly of power in the States for thefirsttime afterthe elections?",
    "99. In which year Mahatma Gandhiwas first arrestedduring'Satyagrah\u2019 -1908\n100. Who among the following s thefirst EnglishmantobecomethepresidentofINC?",
    "100. Who among the following s thefirst EnglishmantobecomethepresidentofINC?"
]

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[bfb7f838b8...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/bfb7f838b84dba0139023a9965980271890d3047)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 19:29:30 by petrero

219. Design of the Redux App 220. How React-Redux Works 221. Redux Project Structure(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

In the last section we did some very early set up on our project.

We've got this app component put together and you'll notice that I created as a functional component

as opposed to the class based component that has been in almost every app that we've put together so

far.

Remember we usually make use of class based components any time that we want a component to build to

make use of state.

Now that we are making use of redux we're going to see that we make use of component level state much

less frequently.

Instead we're going to generally store all of our data inside of redux instead.

Now just so you know there are some scenarios where we want to have state or data inside of redux and

state inside of our reaction opponents as well.

We'll see some of those scenarios later on.

But for right now we're just going to say that in general all the state that was inside of our re-act

up is now going to be on the redux side of things instead.

So what that means is a much simpler and much more simple straightforward app component.

All right.

So now in this video I want to tell you a little bit more about how we're going to design the redux

side of our application.

After that we'll take a look at how we're going to organize our project directory and where we're going

to create some of those things like the action creators and reducers and all that kind of good stuff.

But first I want to give you a quick discussion on how we're going to get react and redux to get integrated

together and we're going to think about the general redux design.

All right so even though I just said that we're going to have states in side of redux.

I want to imagine what we would do for this application if we were not making use of redux at all.

So here's my idea on how we might approach this application.

If we were not making use of Redux I think that the app component would have a list of songs and it

would probably also record what the currently selected song was.

The app component would then probably pass down that list of songs to the song list so that the song

list knew what to show on the screen.

In addition it would probably pass down a callback like on song select or something like that so that

any time that the user clicks on that select button right there the song list could tell the app component

that the user just selected some particular song.

And then in addition for our song detail over here the only thing that the song detail really needs

to know is what the currently selected song is.

And so the app component would pass that down to the song detail as a prop and the song detail would

simply render the details for that song out on the screen.

So in total I think with re-act alone this would be a pretty simple and straightforward application.

So how is this going to change now with redux.

All right here we go.

So just as before we're going to have our app component a song list and a song detail but the app component

is going to be passing very little information down to the song list and the song detail.

Instead we're going to abstract out all these ideas of creating a list of songs and selecting a song

and what the currently selected song is into the redux side of our application.

So we're going to create a producer that is going to produce a list of songs.

We're also going to have a producer that records what the currently selected song is.

That's the two pieces of state inside of our application.

The list of songs and the currently selected song.

And then finally we're going to make sure that we also have an action creator so that we can somehow

change our state.

Remember that's the only way that we change our state inside of a redux app.

We have to call an action creator.

So if you want to change what the currently selected song is we're going to call an action creator called

something like select songs that will dispatch an action and tell this selected song producer to update

its data and reflect the new current present picked song.

Now one thing I want to mention very quickly here is that our song list reducer is going to pass.

Creating a static list of songs like a fixed array of objects.

So technically this doesn't really need to be data that is stored in redux at all but just to get an

idea of the basics.

We're going to throw that static unchanging list of songs into a reducer and essentially maintain it

through the reducer.

Even though like I said it's kind of technically overkill for what we're doing.

OK so that's it.

That's how we're gonna do this on the redux side.

So now the question is how do we somehow get this state produced by the producers and somehow get this

action creator to be called by our song list or are consumed by the song list.

Let's take another brief pause.

When we come back the next section I can't tell you exactly how that's going to happen.

So quick break in all.

Talk to you in just a minute.

220. How React-Redux Works

In the last video we started talking about the redux side of this application.

So in total we're going to have the two reducers in one action creator.

Now that we understand the react side and the redux side it's time to understand how these two things

are going to fit together.

And remember that is the job of the re-act redux library.

So in this video we're going to talk about how to get these things to play nicely together using that

library.

Let's get to it.

All right so first diagram right here.

Now I'm going to be honest with you.

Some of the things I'm going to show you are going to seem a little bit complicated in this because

I want you to understand some of the behind the scenes stuff that is going on with the reactor redux

library but you're not going to really understand some of these moving parts until you actually write

the code out for it.

So just take this diagram and the next one that we're going to take a look at which just I don't know.

You know a high level overview I suppose.

And if it's not entirely clear.

That's totally fine.

Let's try to write out some code first and then we'll say OK now we understand it.

OK so here's what's going to happen using re-act redux.

We're going to create two new components.

These components are called the provider and the connect.

These are both components that are created by re-act redux.

You and I were going to create instances of them and then we want to pass some props into both them

to configure exactly how they work.

So remember that provider and connect implemented by re-act redux.

You saw a moment ago when we were working on Copen that after we took all of our producers and combined

them together we then eventually ended up with something called the redux store and that store is what

contains all of our producers and all the state of our application.

We are going to take that store that gets created and we're going to pass it as a prop into this provider

thing.

The provider is going to be rendered at the very very top of our application hierarchy even above the

app component.

So technically we're going to show the app inside of this provider thing.

The provider is then going to have that eternal reference to the store right here.

That word provider or the term provider essentially means it is providing information to all of the

different components inside of rap.

Now the next thing we're going to do is focus on that song list.

You'll notice I did not show the song detail here just for clarity.

So everything we're about to talk about is going to happen to the song detail as well.

But I just want to talk about the song list in isolation just to make the diagram a little bit more

straightforward.

So after wiring up this Ferriter we're then going to find every component inside of our application

that needs to somehow access the data that is stored inside of our store the song list definitely needs

to know about the list of songs that is produced by this producer that produces the list of songs.

So because of that we're going to create a instance of the connect component right above the song list.

So we're going to essentially wrap this songless component with this Kinect thing that connect tech

or the connect function or.

To me the Kinect component.

Those are all valid terms as you will see in just a minute.

I usually refer to it as the connect tag you'll see why in just a moment but the connect component right

here is a very special component.

It is special because it can communicate with the provider tag at the very top of our hierarchy.

It connect it communicates with that provider not through the props system but through a completely

different system of communication.

Inside if we act that we have not discussed yet called the context system we are going to discuss the

context system later on inside of course.

But right now just understand that the context system essentially allows any parent component to communicate

directly with any child component even if there are other components in between them such as the app.

In this case.

So at some point in time when we put that Kinect tag in there we're going to configure the Kinect tag

and tell it that when it gets rendered on the screen and then when it renders the song list as a child

it needs to reach back up to that provider and tell the provider that it needs to get the list of songs

that are contained within our store.

So the Connect is essentially going to send a little message up say hey tell me any time that the list

of song changes just let me know.

And then the provider in return is going to say all right.

Sounds great.

Well here's our current list of songs.

And so it's going to send that list of songs back down to the connect function or the connect component

down for that connect component in turn is going to take that list of songs.

And pass it as a prop down into our song list component's that's what's going on with the data that

is inside of our store.

But remember we've also got these action creators as well.

The action creators are not stored in any way inside our store.

Instead we call an action creator.

We take the action that gets returned and we send it into the store dispatch function.

Remember that's how we change data in the redux side of our application.

Now once we start making use of re-act redux that flow is going to change just a tiny tiny little bit.

Essentially we're going to pass some more configuration into this connect components.

So in addition to telling it that we want to get a list of songs we're also going to tell the connect

function that we want to be able to call the select song action creator from within our song list.

So when we tell that the connect function or the connect component about that the connect component

says OK no problem.

I'm going to make sure that this action creator called select song it's sent down to our song list component

as well.

As a prop so this entire flow essentially all we have to do is create the provider it a reference to

our redux store then any time that we have a component that needs to interact with the redux store in

any way we're going to wrap it with this connect function.

And like I said I'm going to very frequently refer to this as the connect function components or tag

somewhat interchangeably.

Well then configure this connect function or connect tag right here by telling it what different pieces

of states we want out of our store and what different action creators we want to have wired up as well

that connect function is going to then kind of do all the magic for us and make sure that all that data.

Both the state and the action creators show up inside of our component as props.

All right so that's what's going on behind the scenes now.

Trust me if that sounds really complicated the code to make this all happen is way more straightforward

than you might think.

All right.

That could be really straightforward stuff.

It's just understanding the pun the scenes stuff that gets a little bit more complicated.

So let's take a quick pause right here.

When we come back the next section we're going to start implementing our entire app it's all see you

in just a minute.

221. Redux Project Structure

In the last section we started talking about how the re-act redux library works.

Now it's time to actually start implementing all this stuff.

So we're going to move over to our code editor and start writing out a bunch of code.

But first one quick thing on mention here.

How are we going to organize all these different files and folders inside of our project directory because

we now have to write a ton of code to handle the redux side of things.

In addition to the react side of things so we're going to add all of our code still to the SIRC directory

we're going to create a actions folder inside of their actions folder is going to handle or contain

a bunch different files related to action creators inside of our application.

The components folder is still going to handle all of our different components.

And then we're also going to have a reducers directory as well and the reducers directory as you might

imagine is going to contain all the files related to our reducers.

And now the index yes is going to set up not only the re-act side of our project but also the redux

side as well.

So that is why in the last application we worked on we saw that we started moving our app component

into the components directory because now our index dodgiest file is going to have similar configuration

inside of it and so it would have gone a little bit crowded if we continued to create our app component

inside of your.

All right.

So let's get to it.

We're going to create our actions directory and the reducers directory as well.

So inside the Cercy folder I'm going to make a new folder called actions and then I'm also going to

make a new folder called reducers.

Then inside the actions directory I'm going to make a new file that is going to How's the single action

Krater that we're going to have the select song action creator.

So inside there I want to add in a new file called index Geass.

Now my choice of file name right there might be a little bit surprising to you.

We already have a index J.S. file inside of our project.

It's inside of our root directory.

Well unfortunately this is a pattern that you're going to see in the vast majority of Riak projects.

Let me tell you why eventually we are going to write some code into this file and then we're going to

want to import it from somewhere else inside of our project.

So I'm going to change over to my app component right here.

And let's just imagine that we want to import the actions indexed not just file.

We don't need to.

I just want to show you how we would do it.

So at the top we would do something like.

Import actions from up one directory and then we could write actions index like so that is an option

but there's a little catch.

There's a little shortcut if we want to because this file is specifically named indexed.

Yes we could shorten the import path right here to just actions like so if you did not specify a file

then well-packed remember that is the dependency or the tool that is joining all of our different files

together.

If you don't specials.

If you don't specify a file on there if you only specify a directory where Pak is going to automatically

give you the index file.

And so when we create a index J.S. file inside of some directory it's really just a shortcut.

We could just as well call that file action creators or something like that.

But again we usually end up calling the root file and side of actions and reducers as you're going to

see very quickly the index file.

Now I know that's probably going to get really complicated very quickly because we're going to have

three different index G-S files inside of our project.

Whenever you're watching me write code you can always see the index file that I'm working on by looking

at the tab up here.

Notice how it says actions.

In addition you can also look at the highlighted file over here on the left hand side on my file pane.

So hopefully between those two you can get a better idea of what file I'm working on at any given time.

All right.

So I'm going to clean up this imports table right here.

Let's take a quick pause.

When I come back the next section we're going to start building out our action creator inside of the

actions index.

Yes.

File.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[f33720342d...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/f33720342d8525e2e4fd3d767b49ca10403209fd)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 19:29:30 by petrero

218.1 React, Redux, and...React-Redux! {yarn add redux react-redux --save}(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

In the last section we generated a new project now we called Songs.

So not going to change into that project directory like so now I'm not going to start up my project

here just yet because I want to show you one or two quick things that we're going to have to do before

we actually start the project up.

All right.

So back over here a couple of quick diagrams.

First I want to show you how we're going to break out this application into separate components.

So we're going to make one component for the right hand side.

We're going to call it a song list.

It's going to take a list of songs as you might guess those will be an array of objects for each object

has maybe the title of the song and maybe the length as well.

We will then render out a list of all those different songs and then for the right hand side we'll have

a very simple song detail if it is given a song object it will display the title and the length of the

given song.

And that's pretty much it.

So without a doubt the Riak side of this application.

Simple straightforward.

All right.

Now when I tell you something a little bit more interesting that's going to help you understand how

we put react in redux together.

So at this point we've made use of the re-act library by itself quite a bit.

We also have seen an example of redux inside of Copan and you even saw me and you probably went through

the same process as well at redux to that code instance as a dependency.

Now we're going to flip back over toward terminal's here and just a second and we're going to install

redux but at the same time we're going to install a second library called re-act redux.

That's literally it's name it's re-act dash redux.

This is a third library that we're going to use to make sure that react in redux can talk to each other.

Remember redux was not necessarily designed to work only with react so the re-act redux library has

a bunch of helper functions inside of it to get redux to work nicely with you guessed it react we're

going to really be learning a lot about re-act redux at this point and moving forward because we already

know how re-act works pretty well and he's got a reasonable idea of exactly what redux is doing.

So in this app what we're really learning at the end of the day is how re-act redux works as opposed

to just react or redux.

OK so we're going to flip back over toward terminal.

I'm going to make sure I'm inside that Sung's project directory and I'll do an NPM install dash dash

save redux and re-act dash redux like so.

All right now this is just going to take a second or two to install so I'm just going to let it do its

thing.

I know that's so repetitive but let's take a break and we're going to figure out how that thing works

in the next section.

---
## [kingbill404/kingbill404.github.io](https://github.com/kingbill404/kingbill404.github.io)@[6c682479c3...](https://github.com/kingbill404/kingbill404.github.io/commit/6c682479c3652cd4a2fcb86c6493f2e0d3800e7d)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 19:55:12 by bill

<p>Is it getting crazy in here or is it just us? </p>
oppopopop:wq
<p>noone came open your ears, I'll do it some Justice. </p>
<p>wandering, heaven is where you drink yourself into a parked bus.</p>
<p>Irreverent feverish sheeple up at the market, </p>
<p>More like if the circus got mixed up with imposters,</p>
<p>another cold body-ass-kid up laying on the pavement.</p>
<p>My only wish is to see the look on your face when you realize you'll never make it. </p>
<p>Truth, illusions or fantasy, Ive made my mind up, </p>
<p>the plan came to fruition, you retiring bankrupt. </p>
<p>Meanwhile the exiled scratching at the draw-bridge. </p>
<p>my food for thought sees you as cannon fodder, targeted,</p>
<p>The artist harvesting an aweful lot of bodies today as garnshments. </p>
<p>nine miles walking it took me two steps, you still back at the finishline hopelessly clueless.</p>

---
## [aislingjensen/gacha-rl](https://github.com/aislingjensen/gacha-rl)@[71eddd1901...](https://github.com/aislingjensen/gacha-rl/commit/71eddd190101ecfa9f591785eb53cf9c7c59fe25)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 20:10:25 by Aisling Jensen

version bump shit

still need to figure out how to rename my wsl user but all you fuckers have to change that anyway

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[bd411504d6...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/bd411504d60350dec1610ea45eeb0fe18f3e6e87)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 22:08:28 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 7/5/2020 10:00:00 PM

 1. Added When You Come at the King - This Too Shall Pass by Rhys Wallace
    (https://thistooshallpass.blog/when-you-come-at-the-king/)
 2. Added Laptop battery insights – Blog of Christian Felde
    (https://blog.cfelde.com/2020/07/laptop-battery-insights/)
 3. Added How my article became one-hit-wonder on hacker news · Tomas Vik
    (https://blog.viktomas.com/posts/one-hit-wonder-on-hn/)
 4. Added No, universities are not going away.
    (https://blog.dennissauve.com/no-universities-are-not-going-away/)
 5. Added What I discovered studying Neuroscience, having a background in Electronics - Recknsense
    (https://recknsense.com/what-i-discovered-when-studying-neuroscience-and-having-a-background-in-electronics/)
 6. Added Why Can't I Reproduce Their Results?
    (http://theorangeduck.com/page/reproduce-their-results)
 7. Added bible-api.com
    (http://bible-api.com/)
 8. Added Eating local has a tiny environmental impact
    (https://blog.yeticheese.com/eating-local-has-tiny-environmental-impact/)
 9. Added nabeelqu
    (https://nabeelqu.co/understanding)
10. Added SemVer Considered Harmful | Joey Lynch's Site
    (https://jolynch.github.io/posts/semver_considered_harmful/)
11. Added Learn about transaction isolation levels - LanRaccoon
    (https://lanraccoon.com/2020/learn-about-transaction-isolation-levels/)
12. Added Beginner’s Guide To Abstraction – Pursuit of Laziness
    (https://jesseduffield.com/beginners-guide-to-abstraction/)

---
## [void5/weather_station](https://github.com/void5/weather_station)@[380a4b2a96...](https://github.com/void5/weather_station/commit/380a4b2a961f84c6169d2137439bb1df3aff9bde)
#### Sunday 2020-07-05 22:47:29 by Finnegan

trying to fix the goddamn wait function fuck you attributeerror

---

# [<](2020-07-04.md) 2020-07-05 [>](2020-07-06.md)

