# [<](2020-05-16.md) 2020-05-17 [>](2020-05-18.md)

144,552 events, 84,034 push events, 123,754 commit messages, 7,185,204 characters


## [endolith/scipy](https://github.com/endolith/scipy)@[21d03dbc98...](https://github.com/endolith/scipy/commit/21d03dbc98fd24b7865aa63dfd5eae2d2e1c363c)
#### Sunday 2020-05-17 22:29:45 by Ralf Gommers

DOC: add "performance improvements" to roadmap.

Note that this was one of the big ticket items in the 2019 NSF proposal
for the SciPy ecosystem:
https://figshare.com/articles/Mid-Scale_Research_Infrastructure_-_The_Scientific_Python_Ecosystem/8009441

For that proposal we got a lot of direct feedback from outreach to
prominent users in domains like economics, physics, and biology.

Example quotes:

"... my top-level concern as a person who supports users is whether
Python and the Scientific Python stack as a whole needs a rethink as
architectures become more parallel and individual cores become less and
less powerful. ... We don't have bright lines for Python users like we
have for C, C++, Fortran for performance portability. If your code is in
C++ we can talk about directive-based parallelism or specific libraries
or compilers that will help you minimize the amount of code you have to
rewrite to move across architectures (to be fair: it's rarely magic).
But things seem to lag in Python."

"Beyond individual features I think there's another issue worth thinking
about. Using things like numba efficiently is becoming more and more
useful to researchers, as special model types and solution methods may
not be written in vectorized form very easily or "beautifully". However,
since the whole chain has to be written using numpa for the JIT to fully
materialize itself, it's kind of an issue that scipy does not generally
support this way to solving problems in python (by that I mean something
that's not just fast because you're using Numpy and vector operations).
The leads to researchers writing their own optimizers, that are
essentially duplicates of well-known methods such as brent and golden
section search, multilinear interpolation and other methods, to speed up
their code. SciPy should handle this part of the problem-solving (it
does, but just not in a way that's efficient to the numba-users), but
currently we risk a lot of code duplication and bugs. I'm not involved
in scipy so I'm not fully aware of their stance of numba vs some of the
other possibilities out there, but the issue of being unable to
efficiently use @njit is a real issue in my opinion."

[ci skip]

---
## [kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io](https://github.com/kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io)@[5269131a94...](https://github.com/kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io/commit/5269131a94ad25d27ee9c17f7c25326f0b771eb4)
#### Sunday 2020-05-17 22:56:29 by Kait Gaiss

Big Magic

I loved this book the first time I read it, and am surprised I only captured the few highlights I did (though, when I went back through my notes, I was getting Elizabeth Gilbert's text and Stephen King's from On Writing all kinds of mixed up, so there might be misquoted errors here). Regardless, this book is lovely and a breath of fresh air, and certainly one that merits a re-read.

---
## [Tinichan/Tinichan.github.io](https://github.com/Tinichan/Tinichan.github.io)@[560a2986fd...](https://github.com/Tinichan/Tinichan.github.io/commit/560a2986fd36fec2476ac5d763ab9d07dadbdb4c)
#### Sunday 2020-05-17 22:57:22 by Tim Gonch

Wait, is this UpDaTe?

Well ... after a long time, I got back to work. Today I added a couple of pranks and sawed off a couple of pages.
Currently we have:
- Page "Insurance services for legal entities"
- Page "Insurance services for private individuals"
- Contact page (now it’s empty, but soon everything will be)
- Added a lift button to the top of the page
- And for this button to work, I chopped up the JS and JQuery. (Oh may god. Wow!)
- Now scss looks neater and more beautiful
- Aligned the lines in the footer
- Slightly corrected the color palette (do not worry, the site still looks poisonous green)
- Now I hate working in bootstrap if you need to align the cards using the grid. Moreover, align so that on the smallest screen everything was gorgeous.
- Now the navbar has "3D" buttons (Dudes, you should look at it)

And that's the principle .... yes.
Until we meet again

---
## [SimenB/expo](https://github.com/SimenB/expo)@[093704f9cf...](https://github.com/SimenB/expo/commit/093704f9cfe726ff44eb6cee81241349211efd2d)
#### Sunday 2020-05-17 22:58:57 by Paco

[gl] Add WebP format as an option when taking GL snapshots (Android only) (#7490)

# Why

At some point (API 14), Android added native WebP support ([Bitmap.CompressFormat.WEBP](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/graphics/Bitmap.CompressFormat#WEBP)), so adding the option to export the render to WebP is trivial.
Creating a new module just for converting from PNG to WebP is silly since you can get the GL render as WebP directly. Also converting from PNG to WebP could create quality loss.

# How

In GLContext.java, I extended the block that specifies using png (instead of jpeg, the default) to recognize webp as another posible format.

# Test Plan

Sadly, a combination of living in Windows OS and lack of experience in some aspects of software development, I was not able to test this change using the proper methods (unit test, and that). But I did tried the change in the App I'm building and it worked fine

Thanks for your attention, sorry for any mistake in the PR, this is the second time I do a PR

---
## [e0i/windows-itpro-docs](https://github.com/e0i/windows-itpro-docs)@[24e12f071f...](https://github.com/e0i/windows-itpro-docs/commit/24e12f071f32b193227c49afada5d3828af82729)
#### Sunday 2020-05-17 23:33:15 by Evan Miller

Adding Autopilot to HoloLens Insider Preview page

@scooley Since you drove the work / @Teresa-Motiv Since you wrote up the Autopilot doc
Can one of you take a look at this for review and then signoff if it's good?

Since the autopilot doc went live (yay!), I was considering adding more details onto the HoloLens Release preview notes.
I was thinking mostly to update the email to instead go to the akams link we have there. As well as a small action about autopilot taken directly from the top of the autopilot page.

I remember at some point someone being wary about having autopilot be a strongly featured on the Insider page because they were worried that everyone would think they could magically use it once they updated. This seemed odd to me, but now that the page is an very strong resource on setting it up and requirements I think it merits me adding it in. Unless anyone has any objections.

FYI @yannisle

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[27e5416c12...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/27e5416c124884758bb206bb5948221a5f00f87d)
#### Sunday 2020-05-17 23:55:25 by wm4

video: add pixel component location metadata

I thought I'd probably want something like this, so the hardcoded stuff
in repack.c can be removed eventually. Of course this has no purpose at
all, and will not have any. (For now, this provides only metadata, and
nothing uses it, apart from the "test" that dumps it as text.)

This adds full support for AV_PIX_FMT_UYYVYY411 (probably out of spite,
because the format is 100% useless). Support for some mpv-only formats
is missing, ironically.

The code goes through _lengths_ to try to make sense out of the FFmpeg
AVPixFmtDescriptor data. Which is even more amazing that the new
metadata basically mirrors pixdesc, and just adds to it. Considering
code complexity and speed issues (it takes time to crunch through all
this shit all the time), and especially the fact that pixdesc is very
_incomplete_, it would probably better to have our own table to all
formats. But then we'd not scramble every time FFmpeg adds a new format,
which would be annoying. On the other hand, by using pixdesc, we get the
excitement to see whether this code will work, or break everything in
catastrophic ways.

The data structure still sucks a lot. Maybe I'll redo it again. The text
dump is weirdly differently formatted than the C struct - because I'm
not happy with the representation. Maybe I'll redo it all over again.

In summary: this commit does nothing.

---
## [thomaswallis/thomaswallis.github.io](https://github.com/thomaswallis/thomaswallis.github.io)@[61f1eb308f...](https://github.com/thomaswallis/thomaswallis.github.io/commit/61f1eb308f20b661360953b1793a80b909f4ac51)
#### Sunday 2020-05-17 23:57:59 by thomaswallis

trying to fix the text for mobile

God i hate my life

---

# [<](2020-05-16.md) 2020-05-17 [>](2020-05-18.md)

