# [<](2020-09-18.md) 2020-09-19 [>](2020-09-20.md)

141,357 events, 95,267 push events, 122,046 commit messages, 5,888,005 characters


## [iprutkovsky/Codewars_-_Codesignal_-_Leetcode](https://github.com/iprutkovsky/Codewars_-_Codesignal_-_Leetcode)@[60128b33d6...](https://github.com/iprutkovsky/Codewars_-_Codesignal_-_Leetcode/commit/60128b33d6b784193fe4c58aaeb5b8be9457fef4)
#### Saturday 2020-09-19 22:17:52 by Ilia Prutkovsky

isWoodMagical

Not long ago you got lost in the nearby woods when walking with your friend. You managed to get out of it, but no thanks to you: your friend was the one who drew the map of the woods and managed to find a way home. That embarrassed you quite a lot, so you decided to go out there to the other woods, get lost there and make your way home without any help.

The first part of your plan went smoothly, and now you're completely lost in unknown woods. You're on your own but for the map wmap you drew, and now you simply need to make it home, preferably before it gets too dark. To make things more interesting, you decided to find something unusual about the map you drew. Since you like even numbers even more than getting lost in the woods, you want to check if the map contains cycles only of even length. You firmly believe that such woods are magical, so you'll have something to tell your friend when you make it out safely.

Given the number of meadows in the woods n and the map representing their connections wmap, check if this map contains only cycles of even length.

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[401d264abd...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/401d264abd358bad9a224ae9132c3e960ed8b399)
#### Saturday 2020-09-19 23:36:19 by quietly-turning

add dedicated README for profile avatars

"Would you like..."

She paused for a moment.

"...any vegetables on that?"

The second half of her sentence was both fainter and more forced, as
though she were suddenly struggling to get the words out. Each word
trembled a bit, and I wondered if she was about to cry.

Her facial expression didn't indicate that at all. She looked a little
tired perhaps, maybe from not getting enough sleep, or maybe from
working at Subway making sandwiches for indecisive strangers like me.
But that was all.

It was while scanning her face that I noticed the scar on her neck and I
understood.

"I have a vagus nerve stimulator implant, too. I know what it's like to
not be able to talk or even breathe regularly.

"I've recorded my voice and listened to the difference with the implant
on and off; it's night and day. I've had concerned people ask me if I'm
about to cry, and I've had to patiently explain with a limited air
supply that no, I'm not about to cry, I just have this stupid device in
my chest that constricts my airway every other minute. That I had it
surgically implanted as a last-resort treatment option a decade ago for
intractable depression. That no, no I don't think it really did anything
to treat the depression, it's just more a nuisance than anything.

"But, hey, I managed to meet up with a Medtronic representative about
two years ago and had it turned off and I haven't looked back."

That conversation took only an instant to occur because it only occurred
in my mind.

I decided not to say anything about her VNS. Maybe she wasn't
comfortable talking about it. Maybe she didn't want her coworkers to
know. In any event, she looked tired, patiently waiting for me to tell
her what vegetables I wanted on my sandwich.

---
## [xli/libra](https://github.com/xli/libra)@[7b30e4a59a...](https://github.com/xli/libra/commit/7b30e4a59acb67fba8e6fe70b93ed2c0bd622c7c)
#### Saturday 2020-09-19 23:44:40 by David Wolinsky

[libra-node] Enable running a single node cluster from libra-node

As part of the work to make Libra easier to use, this makes it so we can
start a single node cluster. The next step is to add this to docker.
Then we make a docker-compose that will instantiate a pfn talking to a vfn talking to a
validator and a faucet talking to the vfns json-rpc endpoint  as well.
At which point we can update all the documentation that talks about
running your own testnet to use this instead of the non-education
libra-swarm

Note, this also introduces a really awful file-based logger for the
single node. Could it be better? Hell yeah, is it good eough fo' sho

---
## [toomykins/vgstation13](https://github.com/toomykins/vgstation13)@[0e006526ee...](https://github.com/toomykins/vgstation13/commit/0e006526eefb670b448ed575bf340f3235f70465)
#### Saturday 2020-09-19 23:48:09 by toomykins

fuck you tgm you are worthless. i dont even know if this will work

---

# [<](2020-09-18.md) 2020-09-19 [>](2020-09-20.md)

