# [<](2020-08-26.md) 2020-08-27 [>](2020-08-28.md)

2,571,495 events, 1,287,061 push events, 2,062,830 commit messages, 156,166,382 characters


## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[e6f770410a...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/e6f770410a3f2b81a5b362f43baf4c029077655e)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 01:12:14 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Bloody feet update (#538)

* Bloody feet update (#53109)

Componentized the bloody feet feature.

* Hardsuits and other feet-covering clothing can now get bloody feet as well and spread gunk around.
* Bare feet can now get bloody as well and spread gunk around.
* Shoes/feet won't get bloody if something is covering them.
* Improved blood spreading behaviour. Previously, magic numbers were used in the blood pick up and drop off process. Now, when you step in blood, you and the floor share the blood volume. When you step on a non-bloody tile, you give away half of your shoe blood to the tile, and so on. This means the total blood volume always stays constant when moving around. * Blood doesn't appear out of thin air, nor get flushed to bluespace.
* Lowered footprint minimum opacity. Because it looks better, imo.
* Improved footprint exit/enter dirs.
* Improved footprint examine.
* Removed code for cult magic where a spell can suck up blood on your shoes. I'm pretty sure this code didn't work anyway. Implementing that for this new system would require a new signal and I just don't think it's worth it.

How can this game make you spend 20 hours on fucking spaceman footprints

Hardsuits will become "fully bloody" by just stepping in blood. This is a limitation of the current forensics system, as that is what is used to determine if an item is bloody or not. I'm aware of this but I don't think it fits to fix that in this PR.

cl
add: Footprints and bloody shoes major update. Hardsuits and bare feet can now get bloody as well. Improved blood spreading behaviour.
fix: Shoes will no longer get bloody while wearing something that covers them.
/cl

* Bloody feet update

Co-authored-by: Donkie <daniel.cf.hultgren@gmail.com>

---
## [krammy19/DataJournalism](https://github.com/krammy19/DataJournalism)@[0db9c2a7bb...](https://github.com/krammy19/DataJournalism/commit/0db9c2a7bb5b3b633d1dea85c2f0fe61b7ce620a)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 03:53:22 by krammy19

Add files via upload

Being a crime reporter is a very tough job, and it seems like every new crime data map introduced by a city ends up providing less information. 
The was the case in my city when they launched CityProtect. Sure, it looks nice with a clear map of all the incidents in the area. But it's a terrible, terrible system. First off, it forces the user to zoom in for about 1/2 mile before any actual crime reports populate the map. No full list is provided, so the only way to use this map is to manually go mile by mile to see what crimes are there. 
It's god awful, and I learned to hate it with a passion. A cynical person would say that cities would only use such an unfriendly system because they want to make it appear like there's less crime. I'm a cynical person. 
For this script, I used Selenium to simulate that manual activity of going through the map and collecting any crime incidents that are there. It saved a whole lot of time.

---
## [Jarron2022/USSR-UKUFCDCI](https://github.com/Jarron2022/USSR-UKUFCDCI)@[325bcf681d...](https://github.com/Jarron2022/USSR-UKUFCDCI/commit/325bcf681d9dc51a1d368d3b0e107c1be86c885c)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 05:59:57 by Jarron Sanders

J.S.S.S.B.

    Hello my name Is Jarron Stephen Sanders Singer Bell, and today is July 12, 2020. It all started when I was 6-7 years young in 1991-1992. When I lost 45 pounds from giving blood for some thermometer's, and a Sega Genesis Gaming cartridges. After my grandfather paid $7145 LIFE in Calculus to the Pottawatomie County Jail. Back then when I got lifted up on a horse Bar back while my RIP grandfather Cordell F. Sanders held the reigns. While I was up on the horse my grandfather yelled out "now there's your new eyes," So I didn't really think very much about that until me, and one of my grandfather's friends/helpers where in the bathroom talking and he said "are you sure you wanna do this," and then he went on to say " well if we don't do it now it will probably happen to you in College after you loose, and you'll probably Will never go on to win the World Series Unless we get it over with now," and then he said "are you sure you wanna do this," and me not knowing what he was talking about I said "yeah I wanna play for the dodgers," and then he knocked my eyes out of my head with one punch without blacking my eyes or anything I then started crying, and he said "Now go to the kitchen, and get your new eyes," so I blindly made my way to the kitchen, and when I finally got close boom my grandma popped some eyes in my head. And all of a sudden I could see again, and then she gave me a eagle feather, and said "now go into the closet, and get your new eye lashes." Those blue eyes that I lost on one of the eye's they cut off the eye cuticle, and placed that into a PlayStation Portable device that I drew at the bottom of a Royal Cup on one of those jail room desk tops at the Pottawatomie County Jail, but we was a my grandparents house at the time. The rest of that eye got plugged into a night light clip with Night light thermometers with my blood inside of them got plugged into the lightning system of micro chip shaped jail room number Q4 on January 6, 1992. Then shortly after that was my 7th birthday on February 19th, of 1992. When all the Micro chip missions that are underneath the paint around the window of jail door number Q4, Credit cards, Checks, and receipts from a 3rd party Got approved on my 7th birthday is what my grandfather said to me back then, and there is a larger sized jumbo chip of everything we Wrote underneath the garlic Union Paint Inside of my lost PSP With views of the colored paper cut outs, and the micro chips around the window are viewable from my Lost PSP on the jail door Q4, and there is proof that it says this is "Jarron Sanders Door" underneath the paint on the Q4 jail door if you know where my lost PSP is you can see what it says underneath the paint with that, or use some sort of Ex-ray vision lenses!!! . That's why we placed checks, credit cards, Receipts, and some other personal property internally inside of those jail door's in QPod! Not too Be messed with until January 6, 2022

I was  Lexington, Ok Bulldogs homecoming King using my secret service Name #10 Singer Bell. Where I was commissioned to play in that Game at the age of 7yrs young! This is how it all happened I was walking With my #1 Sanders jersey on, and this guy came up to me, and said here put this #10 Bell jersey on, so I did. Then the game was about to start so I walked over to the bench on the side lines, and set down. Soon as I set down some O lady started pulling down my football pants, and then she stuck a Thermometer connected to a LG Global Smart phone in my butt hole. Then I blacked out, and all I remember after that was her pulling the thermometer out after the small  medium league’s game was over that I played in, and her saying now here is your Queen, so what do you have to say to the audience about that? I kinda paused, and then in 1992 a 2009+ Orange Convertible Camaro from the future came driving across the field, and it was another man that I’m repeating his history Wearing #10 Bell, and he had a different Queen than me his Queen was Tiffany, and behind him was a Blue Challenger Convertible with another guy that I’m repeating his history also I think, but he didn’t have a Queen, so my Queen ran over there to the middle of the field where they then parked the blue challenger convertible, and then I said “fine if your just going to run off I’ll just find a new Queen then.” Then 3 girls came walking up Michael, Tiffany, and the Spartan 300 Queen is who she looked like. While still standing in the middle of the football field closest to the bleachers with the audience still watching! I said “since she ran off what one of you girls is going to be my new Queen,” and a much younger Tiffany said “I all ready have a homecoming King that I’m supposed to be with in the future,” and then the other girls said something, and then they walked off! That game I had played in as a quarterback but had no memory off playing in that game whatsoever, it’s because they memory of the game stays on the Memory card micro chip that must have been inside my lost P.S.P controller pad, and LG Global player packet kit, or smart phone, and a Sega Genesis, and Star Stand!! Then a few days Earlier, or later there was a talent show, and once again that same lady swooped me up, and put me in a daycare van, and put the thermometer back into my butt. Once again all I remember after that was her pulling it out, and then some guy on stage announced the winner, and it was me. He announced some of the names I was going to be using on commissions that’s are on my Guinness World Records USSR-UKUFCDCI ID I’m supposed to get in 2022. Hello my name Is Jarron Stephen Sanders Singer Bell, and today is July 12, 2020. It all started when I was 6-7 years young in 1991-1992. When I lost 45 pounds from giving blood for some thermometer's, and a Sega Genesis Gaming cartridges. After my grandfather paid $7145 LIFE in Calculus to the Pottawatomie County Jail. Back then when I got lifted up on a horse Bar back while my RIP grandfather Cordell F. Sanders held the reigns. While I was up on the horse my grandfather yelled out "now there's your new eyes," So I didn't really think very much about that until me, and one of my grandfather's friends/helpers where in the bathroom talking and he said "are you sure you wanna do this," and then he went on to say " well if we don't do it now it will probably happen to you in College after you loose, and you'll probably Will never go on to win the World Series Unless we get it over with now," and then he said "are you sure you wanna do this," and me not knowing what he was talking about I said "yeah I wanna play for the dodgers," and then he knocked my eyes out of my head with one punch without blacking my eyes or anything I then started crying, and he said "Now go to the kitchen, and get your new eyes," so I blindly made my way to the kitchen, and when I finally got close boom my grandma popped some eyes in my head. And all of a sudden I could see again, and then she gave me a eagle feather, and said "now go into the closet, and get your new eye lashes." Those blue eyes that I lost on one of the eye's they cut off the eye cuticle, and placed that into a PlayStation Portable device that I drew at the bottom of a Royal Cup on one of those jail room desk tops at the Pottawatomie County Jail, but we was a my grandparents house at the time. The rest of that eye got plugged into a night light clip with Night light thermometers with my blood inside of them got plugged into the lightning system of micro chip shaped jail room number Q4 on January 6, 1992. Then shortly after that was my 7th birthday on February 19th, of 1992. When all the Micro chip missions that are underneath the paint around the window of jail door number Q4, Credit cards, Checks, and receipts from a 3rd party Got approved on my 7th birthday is what my grandfather said to me back then, and there is a larger sized jumbo chip of everything we Wrote underneath the garlic Union Paint Inside of my lost PSP With views of the colored paper cut outs, and the micro chips around the window are viewable from my Lost PSP on the jail door Q4, and there is proof that it says this is "Jarron Sanders Door" underneath the paint on the Q4 jail door if you know where my lost PSP is you can see what it says underneath the paint with that, or use some sort of Ex-ray vision lenses!!! . That's why we placed checks, credit cards, Receipts, and some other personal property internally inside of those jail door's in QPod! Not too Be messed with until January 6, 2022, because hopefully there is another 5 year old right now that is going to repeat my history on those same micro chip memory cards around the window underneath the paint of jail door Q4, so I can have a 30th anniversary Homecoming King Football Game for the Lexington Bulldogs #10 Singer Bell For the medium, small league that I was on last time to the large XL league to the XXXL league. And of course I wanna get all my Q4 jail door and all other metals, and windows Up, and move it over to the star station side of the jail building because I was told when I was 6-7 years old when i get that jail door that I can draw art on it's window, and then photo copy that art and copy it  down on the backside of my credit cards On the black strip, and use the window as a magnifying glass To aim a satellite at the bank, and the doors window, With the art on the window that's on all The black strips on my credit cards, and I'm supposed to get to use the jail door handle, is supposed to be my credit card reloader packet kit! For my 17 credit cards Im supposed to be getting that's inside of a envelope up internally inside jail door Q1. You see my grandfather Cordell F. Sanders owner of Sanders Construction had a contract with the jail for about 90k to produce, and fabricate all the jail doors, bed racks, toilets, door handles, jail room desk tops, windows, and jail mirrors!! We had a heard of 180 head of cattle that we had to shot 5 shot 5 shooter black magic teredactor raptors Out on them, and it laid everyone of them down. We then just took Our big blades, and went out there diced there heads off for the cattle bone, concrete, and aluminum stainless steel For the door handles, and jail toilets, and mirrors! We also used phone!!! Well on the way home my grandma Cormae Walker/Sanders/Dobbs took that cell phone away from me, and said “Your not getting this, because you haven’t earned it yet, and  you got the LIFE in Calculus $7145 investment worth about a billion dollars in 2022 that I have to kindly share with the ones I’ve gone to war with, is what it says on Sparta Check memo the payout is  979,707,300 from  21st century Bank, and then to pay for the diesel we made while commissioned as Sparta with the Sparta Stars flying high above our heads. They then showed me a Carmel Corn Cracker Jacks Check for $71,450,000.00 that on the checks memo it says “ Jarron Sanders is the Treasurer of this Check with 71 recipients 401K+” My grandma when she took the 5,000 a month cell phone away from me she said there not buying a billion dollars for 5,000 a month for LIFE, so I agreed, but I still want that phone I said, and she said “to bad it’s mine now, and I will accept the 5,000 a month for LIFE,” so recently I did a search on her name, and it says that she makes about $59,000 a year, and had about 450k in Capital, but she is now in a Elderly home in Norman, Oklahoma so my cousin Theresa Lovings has that now I guess, because she is a probation officer in Cleveland County, OK, and she typed up the paper work to be her heir, but it’s kinda messed up when she only had that, because she took that 5k a month for LIFE away from me that I won at the talent show on stage at the Lexington, Ok Bulldogs in 1992 me Jarron Sanders. While I was going by the CMT name of  Christopher Young, because I was commissioned to sing one of his songs in the talent show, and I won! An right now I don’t have much because for 28yrs I’ve been negative on LIFE set on CRIM, and SHIT in calculus, so please help me raise this $7145, so that I can maybe get off of the negative side of LIFE! As of the moment I’m trying to survive off of SSI beneficiary sample recipient of only $783 a month! Very low income, but in 2022 it should get better! The only problem is  I don’t know the issuer of my 1992 muni bond. Other than Pottawatomie County Jail in Oklahoma, but in 2002 they changed the name to the Pottawatomie County Public Safety Center Trust, and they said the jail wasn’t built in 1993, but my grandfather Cordell F. Sanders with Sanders Construction had a contract with them for 90k+ in 1991 to build the Jail doors, bed racks, desk tops, toilets, windows, and mirrors!  I know this, because I helped him build most of this stuff when I was 6-7 yrs young! Back then the creator sent his assistant out to my grandparents house where I lived at the time to fabricate the Jail Doors. He gave us a photo copy’s of exactly how he wanted the doors designed with colored paper cut outs, Of cymbals, alphabetic words, numbers, and micro chips. That we eventually placed a layer of toilet paper over that, and painted it with Garlic union paint. Therefore you can’t see the colored paper cut outs that are glued to the jail door underneath the layer of toilet paper, and Garlic union paint without colored ex-ray lenses. I remember the door I wanted had all Gold Cymbals, alphabetic words, and numbers on it, but I didn’t get that one I got the all different kinds of colored paper cut outs Door Q4. I remember the Creators assistant going through a big book of micro chips, and every time he Pulled out another micro chip to glue around the window of my jail door Q4 he said now your going to have to do this one someday! Now what he didn’t say was I wasn’t going to have any memory of doing that, because all the memory is stored on the memory card micro chip of the game, or on the jail mirror in the micro chip shaped jail room, but I do have visions sometimes right after I wake up I’ve  seen myself do things on commissions that in reality seem impossible. I’ve also seen through other characters eyes! Like when I was doing time in Oklahoma County Jail in the a micro chip shaped jail room. I was in a really lucid dream where I could see through a highway patrol’s eyes, and it was like ex-ray vision, but everything was green, and I could see through a semi truck to the cars on the other side of the semi truck as they drove down the highway, and then I woke up! Well as fare as doing time, and getting arrested I guess that’s what happens when you play Police video game in Jr high school when after I arrested, and sentence someone else it says “ You could be subject to serve the same amount of time as the characters you convict on this game, after serving your time you could be eligible to convict for the same amount of time you served,” and I know I’m eligible in 2022, or 2023, because my grandma printed a $199,000. check for a Highway patrol package for me in 1991 inside of a Catalog. I guess that why there is a paper pattern of a highway patrol uniform internally inside of my jail door Q4, and the check is probably inside of Q1 Jeremiahs Door. She also printed a Law Abiding Citizen Check to law, and order for $100,000 that says on the check memo This is to pay for the expungement of Jarron Sanders Criminal Record, because they knew told me when I was 6-7 yrs old that I was going to get arrested 30 times on a 30 year Variable rate Muni bond bond to get all my Commissioned micro chip memory cards done That are underneath the paint around the window on jail door Q4 that the creators assistant said I had to get done back in 1991 when I was 6 yrs old!! I also remember playing monopoly with the monopoly man, and this monopoly wasn’t like your average monopoly board because it had 30 spots, or stamps on each side of the paper printed board game, so a total of 120 spots, or stamps total! I remember this because he showed me my Guinness World Records USSR-UKUFCDCI ID that’s a get out of jail free card that says on the back of the ID not to be held for longer than 24 hours only for Question, or Cummissions, and there was a picture of the characters tattoo that I’m repeating there history’s of a Holy crosses Crown with Weaponized Weeper Wings Coming out of both sides of the Holy Crosses Crown on my upper back, but I’m only repeating there history on memory card micro chips on the Q4 door, and a drawling of the Sample tattoo I had underneath it of a Heaven Cymbal with Titus Tribal off to both sides of the heaven cymbal in the center of my upper back! But back in 1991 I didn’t have that tattoo at 6 yrs old, so I have to be repeating someone else’s history on these memory card micro chip commissions! The monopoly man said with just one cymbal I can only give you one Sample, so since two, and three+ cymbals gets more samples than you during the first 30 yrs He said “I’m not going to pay them as much as much as I’m going to pay you once this investment matures,” because while I was over there getting arrested 30 times to finish up all my memory card micro chip commissions after my one sample for one heaven cymbal. That I got tattooed at 18 then covered up the sample heaven cymbal with the holy Crosses Crown on August 31, 2007 when I was 22 yrs old. My $71 sample was basically over. I’d say the sample lasted about 3 yrs after 23 yrs of age in 2008 in August when I got arrested to go to Red Rock behavior Center, and Griffin Memorial Hospital, and that’s right by the Oklahoma University stadium. Where Blake Bell was Playing, and Ive been plugged into IV league football at a Hospital when I was about 11 years old, and even though I’ve never attended the University of Oklahoma as a student I did trade a Guinness World Records & All sport check for $7,145,000.00, so I would only have to play 4 sports at the Oklahoma University for a $2,979,325.00 on the checks memo it says 60 stadium games as #10 Bell #23 Sanders, and #34 Wade that’s short for Wabnonene that means the Eastern skies in my tribes Language. That’s why two, and Three cymbals + On the back Wings  tattoo’s isn’t supposed to get paid as much as one cymbal tattoo, Because they got more monopoly samples, so they where more paid up than I was with one cymbal, but that’s why in 2022 After this 30 yr investment is matured  I’m supposed to get paid more than them! Anything over adding 3 digits to my original investment after 30 years I have to share it with a group of characters, because it’s hedged, , or below is all mines. Unless it’s below that because what they did was take a bunch of my 7,145,000 dollars, or pounds checks, and split it up between a group of us that on a commission we all used the same name! For example: my 2.9 million dollar Doctoral Credit card that I’m supposed to get in 2022. Well that’s, because there where 27 Dr. Stephen Schambach’s I’m the most highest paid one, because I spent the most time at the department during my 30 arrests, but I know that Brandon Gage may have Also earned 199,000.00 with me will doing some time after an arrest also commissioned as Dr. Stephen Schambach, and also my cousin Mark Sanders is supposed to be one of the ones who earns a doctoral credit card, but he forgot about it. My point is they have to spend the whole 7,145,000.00 on all 27 Commissioned doctors! Oh, and also I’m almost 94% sure that on the front side of my Guinness World Records USSR-UKUFCDCI ID it says at the top A.K.A Joseph Wabnonene then underneath that it says D.E.A. Stephen Schambach, and underneath that it says US1 Jarron Sanders then underneath that it says Singer Bell then Ronald Counge then it says Christopher Young, and there are more names on the backside of that Identification card plus get out of jail free card that the monopoly man showed me when I was 6yrs old before I got approved around about my 7th birthday in February of 1992 for all of this! I have a total of 12-17 credit Cards one of them is unlimited 3499 UKLA. I should have about 120 payouts for the 120 stamps on monopoly, but if I didn’t really earn it the least they can pay me is $7145 that is my original investment that my grandfather bought me in 1991-92 home. As of the moment I’m trying to survive off of SSI beneficiary sample recipient of only $783 a month! Very low income, but in 2022 it should get better! The only problem is  I don’t know the issuer of my 1992 variable rate 30 yr muni bond. Other than Pottawatomie County Jail in Oklahoma, but in 2002 they changed the name to the Pottawatomie County Public Safety Center Trust, and they said the jail wasn’t built in 1993, but my grandfather Cordell F. Sanders with Sanders Construction had a contract with them for 90k+ in 1991 to build the Jail doors, bed racks, desk tops, toilets, windows, and mirrors!  I know this, because I helped him build most of this stuff when I was 6-7 yrs young! Also, because the creator sent his assistant out to my grandparents house where I lived at the time to fabricate the Jail Doors. He gave us a photo copy’s of exactly how he wanted the doors designed with colored paper cut outs, Of cymbals, alphabetic words, and numbers,  and micro chips that we eventually placed a layer of toilet paper over then painted it with Garlic union paint on the jail doors, so you can’t see the colored paper cut outs that are glued to the jail door underneath the layer of toilet paper, and Garlic union paint unless you have ex-ray colored lenses. I remember the door I wanted had all Gold Cymbals, alphabetic words, and numbers on it, but I didn’t get that one I got the all different kinds of colored paper cut outs Door Q4. That says underneath the door handle’s welded cut out patch job “This is Jarron Sanders Door” remember the Creators assistant going through a big book of micro chips, and every time he Pulled out another micro chip to glue around the window of my jail door Q4 he said now your going to have to do this one someday! Now what he didn’t say was I wasn’t going to have any memory of doing that, because all the memory is stored on the memory card micro chips, or on the jail mirror of the micro chip shaped jail rooms, or in the Star, but the stars have shown me visions sometimes right after I wake up in a micro chip shaped jail, or Prison room. I’ve seen myself do some commissions that would almost seem impossible without the technology of my IS.6 and my lost P.S.P. Controller, and my lost LG Global Combat Pack, or Player packer kit, and star stand. I’ve also seen through other characters eyes! Like when I was doing time in Oklahoma County Jail in a micro chip shaped jail room. I was in a really lucid dream where I could see through a highway patrol’s eyes, and it was like ex-ray vision, but everything was green, and I could see through a semi truck to the cars on the other side of the semi truck as they drove down the highway! Well I guess that’s what happens when you play a Police video game in 
Jr High school, and at TRC call center that’s closed down now, but it’s in Norman, It was like after I arrested, and sentenced someone else on that real life video game at the end of the game it says “ You could be subject to serve the same amount of time as the characters you convict on this game, after serving your time you could be eligible to convict for the same amount of time you served,” and I know I’m eligible in 2022, or 2023 because my grandma printed a $199,000.00 check for me a Highway patrol in 1991 for a catalog Highway Patrol package. I guess that’s why there is supposed to be a paper pattern of a highway patrol uniform internally inside of my jail door Q4, and the check should be internally inside of Q1 Jeremiah’s door, and she also printed a Law Abiding Citizen Check to law, and order for $100,000 that says on the check memo This is to pay for the expungement of Jarron Sanders Criminal Record. They knew when I was 6-7 yrs old that I was going to get arrested 30 times on a 30 year bond with a variable rate to help pay for a county jail building to get built also to get all my Commissioned micro chip memory cards done That are underneath the paint around the window on jail door Q4 that u need ex-ray lenses to see! That the creators assistant said I would have to get done back in 1991 when I was 6 yrs old.
All the credit cards, checks, receipts are from a 3rd party not from the issuer that are internally inside of Jeremiahs Jail door Q1. Thats  why I don’ know who the issuer of my security is with until tell they post discloser articles on EMMA.MSRB.ORG, because they can wait up until 5-10 days before the bond is dew payments to post discloser articles, so I won’t know until January-September 2022.. I also remember playing monopoly with the monopoly man, and this monopoly wasn’t like your average monopoly board because it had 30 spots, or stamps on each side of the paper printed board game, so a total of 120 spots, or stamps! I remember this because he showed me my Guinness World Records USSR-UKUFCDCI ID that he said was my get out of jail free card after my 30 arrests, but it says on the back of the ID not to be held for longer than 24 hours for Questions, or Cummissions only!! That already had a picture on the back of a Holy crosses Crown tattoo with Weaponized Weeper Wings coming out of the sides of the holy crosses crown, and a drawling of the Sample tattoo I had underneath it of a Heaven Cymbal with Titus Tribal off to the sides of the heaven cymbal in the center of my upper back that I got back in 2003. The monopoly man said with just one cymbal I can only give you one Sample. So since two, and three+ cymbals gets more samples than you so after the first 30 yrs he said I’m not going to pay them as much as much as I’m going to pay you once this investment matures, because while I was over there getting arrested 30 times to finish up all my memory card micro chip commissions after my one sample for one heaven cymbal. That I got tattooed at 18 in 2003 then covered up the sample heaven cymbal with the holy Crosses Crown on August 31, 2007. My sample was basically over after 23 yrs of age in 2008 in August. I’d say the sample lasted about 3yrs. That’s why two, and Three cymbals + On the back Wings tattoo’s isn’t supposed to get paid as much as one cymbal tattoo, Because they got more monopoly samples, so they where more paid up than I was with one cymbal, but thats  why in 2022 After this 30 yr investment is matured  I’m supposed to get paid more than them! Anything over adding 3 digits to my original investment of $7,145 after 30 years I have to share it with a group of characters, because it’s hedged, and you know damn well it took more than one of us to get that large of an amount, or an account?! But anything that’s 7,145,999.00 , or below is all mines. Unless it’s below that because what they did was take a bunch of my 7,145,000 dollars, or pounds checks, and split it up between a group of us that on a commission we all used the same name! For example: my 2.9 million dollar Doctoral Credit card that I’m supposed to get in 2022. Well that’s, because there where 27 Dr. Stephen Schambach’s I’m the most highest paid one, because I spent the most time at the department during my 30 arrests, but I know that Brandon Gage may have Also earned 199,000.00 with me will doing some time after an arrest also commissioned as Dr. Stephen Schambach. My point is they have to spend the whole 7,145,000.00 on all 27 Commissioned doctors! Oh, and also I’m almost 94% sure that on the front side of my Guinness World Records USSR-UKUFCDCI ID it says at the top A.K.A Joseph Wabnonene then underneath that it says D.E.A. Stephen Schambach, and underneath that it says US1 Jarron Sanders then underneath that it says Singer Bell then Ronald Counge then it says Christopher Young, and there are more names on the backside of that Identification card plus get out of jail free card that the monopoly man showed me when I was 6yrs old before I got approved around about my 7th birthday in February of 1992 for all of this! I’m supposed to be getting a total of 12-17 credit Cards one of them is UKLA unlimited 3499. I should have about 120 payouts, but if I didn’t really earn it the least they can pay me is $7145 that is my original investment that my grandfather bought me in 1991-92, so with 120 stamps, Spots, Spaces, or structured payments all I ask is that they all give me a good account number in calculus, and with no curses in calculus on account numbers!?

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[52b5eecced...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/52b5eecced8ae00e55b9a1503d7fe7185e7c71c9)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 06:20:00 by Ryll Ryll

Grabbing Yourself + Wound Fixes: Take 2 (+Minor Scar Changes) (#52951)

By clicking yourself with grab intent while targeting a limb of yours that's bleeding, you'll "grab" onto it with your free hand to apply pressure. This takes 1.5 seconds to do, takes up a hand while you do so, and applies a slowdown while you're holding it. In return, that limb will bleed 30% less while you're holding it (though it won't clot any faster). This stacks with the 25% reduction in bleeding you get from being horizontal, so laying down clutching your gushing gut while waiting for help is now both thematic and viable!
Other fixes and changes

I also made some other changes to wounds of various importance. Here's a quick list

-Most wound treatments now respect thick clothing/materials, so you can no longer suture slashes through spacesuits.
-Using sutures on slashes and pierces now actually use up sutures, and regen mesh must be opened to treat wounds with
-Infectious zombies (romerol) can now be wounded as intended
-Coagulant has been nerfed again to reduce bleeding less for every wound it's reducing bleeding on. This'll still need more love and attention later, but I need to find a good middle point where medipens are good for bleeding in an emergency without being a way to sidestep any and all bleeding wounds in one go.
-I added a recipe for improvised coagulant in the Wounds 2 PR using baked pulped banana peels and salglu, but then realized that recipe sucked and was overly complicated. You can now drink straight up ground/juiced banana peels to help close up slashes and piercings. Yuckm!
-You can no longer repeatedly disembowel people who have already lost their internal organs
-Whetstones now make things edged sharp rather than pointy sharp, fixing a carryover from when sharpness = 2 used to be accurate sharpness. This'll have the effect of making sharpened weapons less sucky at chopping people apart since slashing is usually more devastating than piercing

I've also made a few tweaks to scars, mostly making them a bit smaller. It now takes twice as much scar severity to reach "absolutely fucked up" when examined, and the other steps have been raised a few points as well. Minor scar examine text is a tad smaller text-wise, and the precise locations for the scars are a bit more procedural as well (more location modifiers like upper/lower/inner/outer wrist/whatever). These changes will hopefully add a bit more variety to the scarring you see on random crew members, since it's pretty easy to hit max examine severity as is.

---
## [darby-vranek/wendst](https://github.com/darby-vranek/wendst)@[7a6807db05...](https://github.com/darby-vranek/wendst/commit/7a6807db05301ee2fc2d41889feffbe1f00de65b)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 08:29:05 by lyra

omg I have the action string properly working now fuck yeah

---
## [Jarron2022/USSR-UKUFCDCI.](https://github.com/Jarron2022/USSR-UKUFCDCI.)@[9d56c0fb66...](https://github.com/Jarron2022/USSR-UKUFCDCI./commit/9d56c0fb66300687a72fb236f0a93c9ebd05b9ea)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 09:33:41 by Jarron Sanders

Delete LICENSE

There’s no way I’m waiving my copyrights  I drew a royal cup guitar in a jail cell on the desk top that got washed off by the guards trustee, but it was amazing, because when I was 12 years old I played a Sega Genesis Video Game, and I won that royal cup guitar on that video game, Called Vampin, and at the end of the game it said I was a Vampin Champion, and I don’t loose my life on this game now choose your Royal Cup, and I scrolled through 1000’s of Royal Cup art work, and my dad played the Guitar, and I lived with him at the time, and so when I seen the Guitar I said “Hey I like that Royal Cup Guitar, and then I actually drew about 4 of them since then, but I never got them copyrighted, but someday I’m going to get my name as an artist of that kind of UK art work Someday. I think it was, and in the micro chip shaped jail room that had my old blue eye IS.6 plugged into the night light Clip with thermometer lights that had my blood in them! I got new brown eyes back when I was 6 years old after some guy punched me and knocked my blue eyes out of my head. When I’m commissioned my eyes go from the IS.6  blue Eye to brown eyes to green Eyes, and when I have green eyes I can see straight through your chest straight into your heart! X-ray vision,  because they put my other blue eye inside of the Sega Genesis, and I lost like 45lbs in blood when I was 6 years old too to put in the Video game cartridges, and the Sega. Makes me kinda like a bad as video game commissioner that uses lots of other names. In my sleep walking dreams, because all the memory stays on the micro chip memory card after I go on a commission, but when I was 6 years old I drew a Royal cup Key on a casket art jail bed rack mount that can get turned into a refrigerator that makes a gold coin,  stamps my name on my checks, and reloads my debit cards! I also drew a Royal cup With a P.S.P. At the bottom of it, and that guy that Knocked my eyes out took it, and said he would Souter it together, and I had it for a little bit after he got done, but then they took it from me. Oh yeah, and that blue eye in the night light clip they cut the eye cuticle off of it, and put it inside my lost  Controller pad P.S.P. But I should be getting that back soon along with everything else I lost back then that’s worth billion’s of dollars, and pounds in 2022 for me! Because my grandfather bought Me a $7145 LIFE in Calculus muni bond with a variable rate other investors paid $714. $71. $7. For the jail to get built, so no way bro I’m keeping my art work once I finally get it back after 30 years.

---
## [newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk)@[db15e5a2cd...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk/commit/db15e5a2cd498ea8080558212d0c312e7051de10)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 11:28:41 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.theguardian.com/world/2020/aug/27/five-million-brothers-and-sisters-relief-mixes-with-joy-in-christchurch]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c3cd0dc93f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c3cd0dc93f7ec02478a7430a8ee8c816001e53f7)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 11:30:13 by Marko Grdinić

"9:45am. Another day is here, let me slack for a while. I am groggy.

Somehow I am really enjoying myself reading LNs lately. This kind of life is fine.

https://www.080910t.com/downloads/AI%20Chip%202018%20EN.pdf
White Paper on AI Chip Technologies

A person I am in contact this linked me this.

10am. Mhhhh...Since I have only a few chapters left, let me catch up with the vamp loli paladin story, then I'll read the above white paper. After that come breakfast. After that I think I'll tap into the desire I established yesterday and start work on the top level statements.

...Actually, let me just have breakfast now.

11:20am. Done with breakfast. Let me slack for just a little more and then I'll go through that AI chip paper. Then comes programming. I am really sick of the typechecker, so I want to get it out of the way. I am not at all in the mood to fiddle around with it going into the future. I'll deal with it, and move on.

11:45am. Finally done. Let me do some work for the day.

First come the white paper. Actually, I completely forgot that in addition to `infer` I've still yet to do the function that annotates the AST and validates that there are no lingering metavars.

So today my focus will be on the top level, but I'll have to complete the typed AST transform before I go to the next part.

11:50am. Well, let me take it slowly. Forget distant goals. Just focus on the next step. It is best to take it one at a time. My mission for the day will be to just get into it and let it come to me on its own.

>  The flexibility of this powerful processing power, is also reflected in the training and inference task deployment, such as more hardware resources are allocated to inference tasks during the day time, while these resources are allocated to training tasks at night.

Day = inference. Night = training. It is interesting to think of it that way. Sleep is just such a huge disadvantage for a living being, that nature had to include it for some reason. It makes sense, but I need to keep in mind that this is still just speculation. How would one prove something like that?

TODO: I want to have the let statements be non boxing. I got the urge to do this yesterday, and I still have it so I'll go for it.

12:40pm.

```fs
        | false, _, [], [] ->
            match patterns_validate [name] with
            | [] -> Ok((r,dyn_if_let name,body),is_rec)
            | ers -> Error ers
```

I just have to get rid of that `dyn_if_let` here no problem. Let me get back to the paper.

1:25pm. Had to take a little break. I am done with the paper.

Since I've been following tech development on and off in this area since the early 10s, I don't have much to comment on. I was a nice refresher.

1:30pm. Let me take another short break and then I will start programming for the day."

---
## [Wakamai-Fondue/wakamai-fondue-site](https://github.com/Wakamai-Fondue/wakamai-fondue-site)@[e68baf9423...](https://github.com/Wakamai-Fondue/wakamai-fondue-site/commit/e68baf94237f1b6399efadb52220bf085b9a0d3f)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 13:24:12 by Roel Nieskens

Wire up character grid to actual font data

Leaving out the features for now, as I have to rethink how to bring
this data to the view. Keep a list of chars with interesting OT
features? So not `kern`, which does nothing interesting on its own
in a grid, but maybe something like "5a": {"smcp", "ss01"} if the
letter Z has these two shape-changing OT layout features?

Also something weird I noticed: I though setting *all* the axes to
their default values through would make the font look the same as
when *no* CSS was applied. (With the exception of `opsz`!)

Turning off the "variable axes" checkbox also removes the CSS in
place, which shows a change in font! (In general it seems to get
a little heavier).

Is it that `wght` gets set to 400, despite a font saying the
default is "0"? Oh shit, wasn't the minium value "1", meaning having
a default of "0" is telling the browser to "set whatever you
think is the default"?! Thanks, brain, for remembering only
small bits of this! Aaargh!

EDIT! Turns out it's rather simple. I was testing with Recursive,
which has a DefaultValue of 300 for the wght axis. So when explicitly
setting the axes to their defaults, the text gets rendered in weight
300. Makes sense. Now when I turn off that CSS (or at least the
wght axis), it suddenly snaps to 400, the universal browser default
value for the regular/normal weight.

So should the browser have listened to the font saying "300 is my
default weight, so use that", or should the type designer listen
to the browser and say "okay, I'll put my regular weight at 400"?

---
## [substained/api](https://github.com/substained/api)@[68881d1ec0...](https://github.com/substained/api/commit/68881d1ec0b4a24f505cb1dcc75948a51b8a1cab)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 15:27:42 by taruisko

Merge branch 'master' of github.com:substained/api

FUCK YOU

---
## [MadisonAster/ResumePlusPlus](https://github.com/MadisonAster/ResumePlusPlus)@[29b72020b2...](https://github.com/MadisonAster/ResumePlusPlus/commit/29b72020b2ea13b2f42dfd651f4126dbc22c45ca)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 15:50:48 by Madison Aster

Disabling IMDB deadnaming for now until I get the ingress controller fixed, aparently the world sucks as much as I feared. Fuck you IMDB

---
## [Maetrim/DDOBuilder](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder)@[ef2462a008...](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder/commit/ef2462a008df1e1ba421c8e20140221a07f5e985)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 17:42:10 by Maetrim

1.0.0.106

Fix: "Pale Master: Necrotic Blast" now correctly requires 30 APs spent in tree to be selectable (Reported by nadia72295)
New: Special feats that control access to store/favor acquired universal trees have been removed from the Past Lives and Special feats view and moved to the Enhancements View
---Too many people were having trouble understanding where access to these trees was being granted
---How to guide updated
---The "Special" section has been renamed "Inherent"
Fix: "Legendary Robes of the Dreadkeeper" now has the release effects, not the Lamannia effects (Reported by mikameow)
Fix: "Purple Dragon Knight: Versatility I/II/III: Damage Boost" now has the correct description (Reported by Question2)
Fix: Missing +10 ranged power in "Inquisitive: No Holds Barred" when you have "Endless Fusilade" added (Reported by Question2)
Fix: Missing weapon fields for some effects in "Pale Master: Ascendant Shroud" added
Fix: The "Ursa's Heart" competence bonus to HP no longer stacks with other Competence bonuses to HP such as Epic Defensive Fighting (Reported by Ntoukis)
Fix: Feats which are alignment restricted will now be properly revoked on an alignment change when required (Reported by Laur)
Fix: "War Priest: Divine Power" no longer lists and grants a +1 competence bonus to Critical Multiplier (Reported by Laur)
Fix: Icons updated to remove red border:
---Superior Weapon Focus
---Brutal Throw
---Knights's Training
---Power Critical
---Spell Penetration
Fix: Gatekeepers favor icon changed to teleport icon for Gatekeepers Grove
Fix: "Drow: Xen'drik Weapon Training II" now correctly only has 1 rank, not 3 (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: "Child of Faith" now requires one of Cleric(3), Favored Soul(3) or Paladin(3) to be trained (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: Code efficiency update when searching for trained enhancements
Fix: "Warlock: Pact: Celestial" is now selectable by any non-chaotic alignment
Fix: "Inquisitive: Diplomatic Immunity" now has the correct AP cost of 2 (Reported by Question2)

U47: Preview 2
---New feat: "Favored enemy: Fey" (should also be available to rangers)
---All enhancements that affect "Rage" updated to affect Beasthide, Wildhunt and Razorclaw Rages (Not strength effects for Wildhunt)
---Shiter Race (+2 Dex, -2 Int)
------New trainiable feat type "Animalistic Aspect" at level 1 for Shifter race
----------Feat: Beasthide Shifter
----------Feat: Wildhunt Shifter
------Shifter racial past life feat (only give racial AP on tier 3, not yet required for Racial completionist)
------Racial tree
---Razerclaw Shifter Iconic Race (Barbarian)  (+2 Str, -2 Int)
------Feat: Razorclaw Shifter
------Iconic racial past life feat (no effects yet)
------Iconic racial tree
---Universal Enhancement Tree: Feydark Illusionist
------New feat special feat: Feydark Illusionist Tree
------Universal tree

---
## [KittyBot-Org/KittyBot](https://github.com/KittyBot-Org/KittyBot)@[f5ecd271e3...](https://github.com/KittyBot-Org/KittyBot/commit/f5ecd271e3b9c4a2ddfa3967822986806db9a38d)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 17:53:46 by Sebo Molnár

music stuff improvements / new cmds (#83)

* music stuff improvements / new cmds

* possibly fix random reasonless disconnecting

* i like this more

* added HistoryCommand
refactor some stuff

* rename a variable so it actually makes sense @topi :)

* temp alias checking solution

* fuck you @TopiSenpai

* auto format

Co-authored-by: TopiSenpai <tobi@strasserhof.com>

---
## [AkaiTobira/BiesVsCzady](https://github.com/AkaiTobira/BiesVsCzady)@[754ccc8251...](https://github.com/AkaiTobira/BiesVsCzady/commit/754ccc8251c75dc8916f6d89535333434fb666f5)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 19:04:21 by AkaiTobira

Hate This shit ... still doesnt' work : FUCK UNITY

---
## [NCSUCORE/DoEOceanKiteProject](https://github.com/NCSUCORE/DoEOceanKiteProject)@[511fa68ca1...](https://github.com/NCSUCORE/DoEOceanKiteProject/commit/511fa68ca186224ddc87f4fe350910c0d6640c21)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 22:09:07 by John

Double checked that everything works. Deleted Kartik's additional surface coefficient block. This should be implemented in the class def/build script (using different coefficient values). I will finish this tomorrow evening. I will also be creating a test script that anyone who is about to push, needs to run before pushing to verify they didn't break shit. Have a good night fam :) JB

---
## [Cerapter/AO2-Client](https://github.com/Cerapter/AO2-Client)@[2ac96375aa...](https://github.com/Cerapter/AO2-Client/commit/2ac96375aaf8d741b596fa9cb02c51a3f9793f52)
#### Thursday 2020-08-27 22:12:49 by Cerapter

IC chatmessage rewrite: first 21 arguments

Heavens above and hell below, there is so much shit in here.

---

# [<](2020-08-26.md) 2020-08-27 [>](2020-08-28.md)

