# [<](2020-11-01.md) 2020-11-02 [>](2020-11-03.md)

2,912,457 events, 1,472,128 push events, 2,284,665 commit messages, 179,496,376 characters


## [noeinan/Degrees-of-Bizarre-Lewdity](https://github.com/noeinan/Degrees-of-Bizarre-Lewdity)@[946734b02b...](https://github.com/noeinan/Degrees-of-Bizarre-Lewdity/commit/946734b02bd1e90a9936619158f44f343c86bc67)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 02:04:53 by noeinan

Updated My Fuckery

Added current fuckery levels. I think I've mostly added a few options to Heaven's D, made it so the player can grab NPCs dick in consensual sex, added Alex's love and lust meters to the character screen, added the farm and spa for a partial upgrade, and maybe one or two minor changes I forgot.

---
## [AraHaan/Discord.Net](https://github.com/AraHaan/Discord.Net)@[0fccad6dca...](https://github.com/AraHaan/Discord.Net/commit/0fccad6dcaabe76166e3aa48b47370ed831c9c52)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 02:45:27 by AraHaan

Update packages on the tests.

Also fuck you EOL framework warning when the .NET 5 SDK is installed and used as well.

---
## [nlemoing/initial-commit](https://github.com/nlemoing/initial-commit)@[e393fcf755...](https://github.com/nlemoing/initial-commit/commit/e393fcf755bab80c0540eece4828d6d9da5efe2e)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 03:29:20 by nlemoing

Another Milestone!

It sure is weird seing the first code I wrote for this project displayed
alongside these messages. The code for displaying the patches is finally here!

At first, I thought I had produced some kind of mutant quine[1] (a
Franken-quine, if you will) that outputs not only its own source, but
also the list of all of the changes ever made it its own source. Crazy.
Unfortunately, this doesn't count as a quine since we're receiving input
from GitHub. Still crazy, in my opinion.

I've actually had this code written out for a while. I'm only now
getting around to publishing it because it's one of those things that's
so easy to keep tweaking and fiddling with. This was the last element on
my original checklist and I was constantly trying to reconcile my
original vision with what I was actually able to produce.

There's another reason I haven't released this yet, if I'm honest;
writing the commit messages is hard work too. Sometimes I have a good
idea of what to write, but that wasn't the case this time. Just like
with the code, I've written and rewritten a lot more for these messages
than you'll see in the finished project.

Sometimes, what does get me to finally write things out is the desire to
implement another feature, which I can't do until I wrap this section up
as well. So, counter-intuitively, having to write both things in
parallel can lead to *less* writer's block, not more.

Anyways, I'm happy to cap off another milestone. There are still several
improvements to make, but on the whole they're mostly minor compared to
the features that are already in place. For the first time since
starting this project, I don't have anything else big in mind. There
are, however, many small things; for starters, this is still basically
unreadable on mobile, so look for a fix to that next!

It's now November, and it might be the end of the last weekend of fall
weather. It snowed for the first time today, and while it won't stick,
it definitely marks the beginning of the end. I also did yoga for the
first time in months. If I'm going to survive this winter inside, I'll
need to make that more of a habit; we'll see if that actually happens.

Until next time!

[1] A quine is a program that takes no input and produces an exact copy
of its own source code. See
[here](http://www.madore.org/~david/computers/quine.html) for more.

---
## [Beorseder/Evolve](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve)@[4d1648034f...](https://github.com/Beorseder/Evolve/commit/4d1648034f8c78108909aa3eb597a6ee08a05a43)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 04:42:39 by Beorseder

Numerous Bug Fixes + Build

Techs:
Changed categorization of all interdimensional techs to dimensional.
Fixed Rail Guns tech description using the effect instead.
Updated wiki tech effects for wider range of Halloween.
Updated Sundial wiki tech effect with +2 Knowledge/s from Ascended planet.
Moved wiki tech effects of Autocracy and Oligarchy getting buffed from Metaphysics to Electricity.
Added tech effects and requirements for new techs.

Achievements:
Removed previous exclusion of Angelic on Heavyweight tooltip, as it is now possible to get.
Removed exclusions in universeExclusives on all Demonic and Angelic achievements.

Power:
Switched priority of Cooling Tower and Harbour in getting power to where Cooling Towers get powered first, so that reloading the page doesn't mess things up.
Hydroelectric Dams in Magic no longer consume Mana.

Hell:
Vault2's effect now correctly shows.
Fixed issue where the Spire Supply tab wouldn't show Transport Cargo Space without refreshing the page.
Fixed issue where the Blood Infusion tab wouldn't show Blood upgrades after getting Blood Pact until a refresh.
Researches tab now updates after clearing Floors 1 and 10 of The Spire.
Mechs count starting at 1 instead of 0.
Fixed loading issue that would crash game where global.settings.portal.spire was checked without seeing if global.settings.portal existed.

Misc:
Fixed issue where spatialReasoning tried to access the number of priests working even without priests available.
Migrated piece of update code to a convertVersion from resources.js.
Added universe_affixes constant for functions that parse through Ascended and Technophobe levels to use for ease of updating in the future.
Fixed a couple typos.

---
## [GrenadierSchubes/Oak-Remade-MP](https://github.com/GrenadierSchubes/Oak-Remade-MP)@[e9d25d9711...](https://github.com/GrenadierSchubes/Oak-Remade-MP/commit/e9d25d97110592bb8c472035c66f322354bf821d)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 04:46:45 by AnonymousRevan

total mob added back into portugal

- cuz i no longer give a fuck if ppl bitch if i have it or not. you know the same ppl i supply with LL and shit

---
## [Ekshunya-India/sahaay-backend](https://github.com/Ekshunya-India/sahaay-backend)@[88d184c3ad...](https://github.com/Ekshunya-India/sahaay-backend/commit/88d184c3ad1912dcb53e258ccd53b9b68d83a2fc)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 05:38:46 by Sahaay Platform In Progress, more coming

Changing MapStruct to jmapper. (#7)

* Adding just one unit test took all day. Damn. This unit test is still failing. But this is failing because Apparently MapStruct is not working in this project!!!!!

* Replaced Mapstruct with JMapper. Hopefully this is much better to use.

* Deleted the Mappers related to MapStruct as these as not valid anymore. There will be build problems which needs to be fixed next.

* Added a TODO about less Seralization/Deseralization of data.

* Replaced the Mapper function of Mapstruct to JMapper.

* Added in the IOC module for JMapper.

* Made the unit test pass by cheating. Sorry.

* Added few more unit tests. Need to fix the 3 failing test.

* Hit with an interesting ConcurrentRunTimeException. This one needs to be looked into.

* Fixed all the failing unit tests for the Facade.

Co-authored-by: Sunil KS <sunilks.kavali@gmail.com>

---
## [CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole)@[d938606a27...](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole/commit/d938606a27d906eb9616130d6099d8deef740a5c)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 06:44:02 by frick-nedrickson

Make UnitPawn step up (and break everything else)

The present struggle in which I was so utterly engaged in fixing was
trying to figure out how to make the stupid UnitPawns step up. They've
been able to slide up slopes, and some low lying platforms - but the
game is going to feature ledges pretty frequently (i.e. for building
foundations and the like).

I was struggling because I needed a configurable solution - not all
units will be able to step up onto foundations or ledges, and some
will be able to step up pretty aggressively. I wanted to try a
solution I saw online that used a RayCast and Capsule solution, but
ended taking a long time to set up and didn't even work.

The solution I came up with is a lot easier to understand - we use a
box shape (once again) and, using a new value in the KinematicDriver,
float a fixed distance above the ground. By configuring our hitbox
correctly, we can easily glide over ledges of a certain size. Once
we're over a ledge, we snap up to the appropriate float height. Voila!
An easy step-up method.

Given that the CollisionShape no longer matches up 100% with the
Sprite, this may have an impact on how we detect attacks (whenever we
get around to that nonsense).

Also, since there's a lot of interplay between the float height, the
collision shape, and the UnitPawn's FLOOR_DISTANCE_ADD variable, it
was getting difficult to configure UnitPawn. So, I added a new test -
the PawnStandingTest. This exciting new test features the Pawn just
standing there, doing nothing. Amazing! .....it's good for
calibrating, okay?

The only problem is that now the UnitPawn climbs all slopes TOO well!
It's like a spider or a monkey! GAAAAH! That's okay, we just need to
do some more normal-angle manipulation nonsense.

---
## [netali514/co-learning-lounge](https://github.com/netali514/co-learning-lounge)@[cad117de78...](https://github.com/netali514/co-learning-lounge/commit/cad117de787c4c6eac3874d05ebd9f3954faa91e)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 06:55:45 by netali514

Update ML_problem_statements.md

### Restaurant Revenue Prediction - Regression problem
_Predict annual restaurant sales based on objective measurements_ <br>
**Kaggle** : https://www.kaggle.com/c/restaurant-revenue-prediction <br>
**Problem Statement**: With over 1,200 quick service restaurants across the globe, TFI is the company behind some of the world's most well-known brands: Burger King, Sbarro, Popeyes, Usta Donerci, and Arby’s. They employ over 20,000 people in Europe and Asia and make significant daily investments in developing new restaurant sites.

Right now, deciding when and where to open new restaurants is largely a subjective process based on the personal judgement and experience of development teams. This subjective data is difficult to accurately extrapolate across geographies and cultures. 

New restaurant sites take large investments of time and capital to get up and running. When the wrong location for a restaurant brand is chosen, the site closes within 18 months and operating losses are incurred. 

Finding a mathematical model to increase the effectiveness of investments in new restaurant sites would allow TFI to invest more in other important business areas, like sustainability, innovation, and training for new employees. Using demographic, real estate, and commercial data, this competition challenges you to predict the annual restaurant sales of 100,000 regional locations.
- Huge Dataset
- Real time Problem
-Gives domain knowledge as well

### Mall Customer Segmentation Data - Clustering Problem
_Market Basket Analysis_ <br>
**Kaggle** : https://www.kaggle.com/vjchoudhary7/customer-segmentation-tutorial-in-python <br>
**Problem Statement**: You are owing a supermarket mall and through membership cards , you have some basic data about your customers like Customer ID, age, gender, annual income and spending score.
Spending Score is something you assign to the customer based on your defined parameters like customer behavior and purchasing data.

- Unsupervised Learning
- Market Basket Analysis
- How to achieve customer segmentation using machine learning algorithm (KMeans Clustering) in Python 
- Who are your target customers with whom you can start marketing strategy [easy to converse]
- How the marketing strategy works in real world
- Converting Unsupervised to Supervised Learning

### Chronic Kidney Disease - Classification Problem
_Data has 25 features which may predict a patient with chronic kidney disease_ <br>
**Kaggle** : https://www.kaggle.com/colearninglounge/chronic-kidney-disease<br>
**Problem Statement**: The data was taken over a 2-month period in India with 25 features ( eg, red blood cell count, white blood cell count, etc). The target is the 'classification', which is either 'ckd' or 'notckd' - ckd=chronic kidney disease. Use machine learning techniques to predict if a patient is suffering from a chronic kidney disease or not.

- Binary Classification
- Medical Terminology used
- High Multicollinearity in data

---
## [quotefox/Hyper-Station-13](https://github.com/quotefox/Hyper-Station-13)@[c033072884...](https://github.com/quotefox/Hyper-Station-13/commit/c0330728840935aac36535a6cffc0d1b7c9d12ab)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 08:40:22 by JaySparrow

FUCK YOU LONE OP

FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU

---
## [quotefox/Hyper-Station-13](https://github.com/quotefox/Hyper-Station-13)@[02b0e4c690...](https://github.com/quotefox/Hyper-Station-13/commit/02b0e4c69044f3d7c85036d7fcbcf0421bb30753)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 08:40:22 by Dahlular

Merge pull request #641 from Jay-Sparrow/Bug-fixin

FUCK YOU LONE OP

---
## [netali514/co-learning-lounge](https://github.com/netali514/co-learning-lounge)@[b46bdcf3a8...](https://github.com/netali514/co-learning-lounge/commit/b46bdcf3a8e19522a78241f7c430c24bfdb78819)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 10:59:41 by netali514

Update ML_problem_statements.md

### Restaurant Revenue Prediction - Regression problem
_Predict annual restaurant sales based on objective measurements_ <br>
**Kaggle** : https://www.kaggle.com/c/restaurant-revenue-prediction <br>
**Problem Statement**: With over 1,200 quick service restaurants across the globe, TFI is the company behind some of the world's most well-known brands: Burger King, Sbarro, Popeyes, Usta Donerci, and Arby’s. They employ over 20,000 people in Europe and Asia and make significant daily investments in developing new restaurant sites.

Right now, deciding when and where to open new restaurants is largely a subjective process based on the personal judgement and experience of development teams. This subjective data is difficult to accurately extrapolate across geographies and cultures. 

New restaurant sites take large investments of time and capital to get up and running. When the wrong location for a restaurant brand is chosen, the site closes within 18 months and operating losses are incurred. 

Finding a mathematical model to increase the effectiveness of investments in new restaurant sites would allow TFI to invest more in other important business areas, like sustainability, innovation, and training for new employees. Using demographic, real estate, and commercial data, this competition challenges you to predict the annual restaurant sales of 100,000 regional locations.
- Huge Dataset
- Real time Problem
-Gives domain knowledge as well

### U.S. News and World Report’s College Data - Clustering Problem
_Statistics for a large number of US Colleges from the 1995 issue of US News and World Report_ <br>
**Kaggle** : https://www.kaggle.com/karthickaravindan/k-means-clustering-project <br>
**Problem Statement**: You ahve to selecta  college for admission thus need to segreate/rank college overall based on parameters provided. Cluster colleges in different segments in order to select best college for your studies.

- Unsupervised Learning
- Checking for variable importance
- Converting Unsupervised to Supervised Learning
### Chronic Kidney Disease - Classification Problem
_Data has 25 features which may predict a patient with chronic kidney disease_ <br>
**Kaggle** : https://www.kaggle.com/colearninglounge/chronic-kidney-disease<br>
**Problem Statement**: The data was taken over a 2-month period in India with 25 features ( eg, red blood cell count, white blood cell count, etc). The target is the 'classification', which is either 'ckd' or 'notckd' - ckd=chronic kidney disease. Use machine learning techniques to predict if a patient is suffering from a chronic kidney disease or not.

- Binary Classification
- Medical Terminology used
- High Multicollinearity in data

---
## [mohammad92/android_kernel_samsung_msm8974](https://github.com/mohammad92/android_kernel_samsung_msm8974)@[023065ac4c...](https://github.com/mohammad92/android_kernel_samsung_msm8974/commit/023065ac4c827baa232f87a888db4be01da37008)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 11:58:03 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, fslmc, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here
     Add of to avoid backporting two larger patches]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Kevin F. Haggerty <haggertk@lineageos.org>
Change-Id: Ic632eaa7777338109f80c76535e67917f5b9761c

---
## [2009scape/2009Scape](https://github.com/2009scape/2009Scape)@[d103931b4e...](https://github.com/2009scape/2009Scape/commit/d103931b4e6ba11efe2bcc981f325c96fddbe8e2)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 12:21:01 by Badhad

Drop Table & Bot Adjustments/Additions (#566)

* Drop Table Adjustments/Additions

- MANY smalls fixes with random items that did not exist anymore (OSRS).

- Reworked Corporeal Beast drop table to exact values and expanded/split coin drop to add padding to the table.

- Reworked Kalphite Queen drop table to exact values, buffed some resources in order to pad the table some.

- Removed UNKNOWN item from Chaos Elemental drop table.

- Removed UNKNOWN item from Ankous ID 14943.

- Adjusted drop rates for Draconic Visage for some NPC's.

- Reworked God Wars dungeon bosses to include secondaries for higher level herbalism in their drop tables, since the drops are noted their rates are reduced compared to other drops to prevent this addition from being too powerful.

- Reworked Chaos Druids (All) & Chaos Druid Warriors in Yanille Agility dungeon to provide low level herb supplies, which are noted, but much lower quantity and rates.

- Reworked Giant Mole drop table to include medium level secondaries, these drops are noted and to compensate their rates are reduced, as well as quantities so that God Wars is superior in some cases.

- Added new base drop table to put mobs in if they only drop coins & bones (or just bones) so if an NPC is found to not have a table when it should, it is easy to temporarily fix it by throwing it in the base table at the bottom.

= Base Drop Table NPC's - Menaphite Thug 1904, Zamorak Mage 6338-6367, Battle Mage 912-914, Khazard Guard 255-256, Archer, Watchman, Soldier, Tower Archer 689-691, Gnome Archer, Gnome Mage, Scorpion 4402-4403

- Added new base drop table for wolf NPC.

- Added new base drop table for Monkeys, specifically Ape Atoll monkeys at the moment.

- Added new drop table for Jailer who is apart of the Black Knight fortress quest. Key must be added when quest is added

- Plus many more things I forgot to write down while doing them (fixes no additions)

* Adjustment to GreenDragonKiller.kt

- Lets Green Dragon Bots randomly select Lobsters or Swordfish on startup, I know its not use both of them but this is tested and works. Opens up one more fish that can be sold on the GE by players. Hopefully with Ceikry's help we can make it all fish past lobsters.

- Tested and does work, however tested with 8 additional High wealth bots spawned in.

* General Fixes
- Fixed multiple clues with two steps.

- Fixed Cyclops animations.

- Fixed Coins spam from Revs

* General Fixes
- Fixed multiple clues with two steps.

- Fixed Cyclops animations.

- Fixed Coins spam from Revs

* Pest Control Bot Fixes

- Fix over 138 combat level bug

- Removed most of Vexias "Random" functions.

- Buffed bots stats to make them more helpful.

- Extended their react range so they more actively attack portals.

- Added more Pest Control bots with different gear.

- Removed Vexias "Weird Bot" code that made some bots do weird shit on purpose.

- Removed NPC Fish Spots from Pest Control.

- Add static GE prices for some fish that will be used in future bot updates.

* Pest Control Bot Fixes

- Fix over 138 combat level bug

- Removed most of Vexias "Random" functions.

- Buffed bots stats to make them more helpful.

- Extended their react range so they more actively attack portals.

- Added more Pest Control bots with different gear.

- Removed Vexias "Weird Bot" code that made some bots do weird shit on purpose.

- Removed NPC Fish Spots from Pest Control.

- Add static GE prices for some fish that will be used in future bot updates.

* Pest Control Bot Fixes

- Add Amulet of Fury to PC bots.

* Pest Control Bots - Final Tweaks - Good ones

- Add more equipment to bots.

- Buff stats to make their crappy weapons less crappy since Vexias code overwrites them somewhere.

Co-authored-by: =Sir Kermit <=kermit@kermit.com>

---
## [WaveWSBS/wavewsbs.github.io](https://github.com/WaveWSBS/wavewsbs.github.io)@[4a50bba6db...](https://github.com/WaveWSBS/wavewsbs.github.io/commit/4a50bba6db641ab10f9c509d93dc87c188681dd4)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 14:44:02 by WaveWSBS

Update index.html

OMG I KNOW WHAT WRONG
HELL YEAH MICROSOFT EDGE OR MAYBE GOOGLE
IT THE FUCKIN ()
FUCK THE TUTORIAL

---
## [vawser/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3)@[3d08426087...](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3/commit/3d08426087cbf1b4559d848148455b05fced5ccd)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 15:44:48 by Vawser

Update

- Crystal Chime WA: now Crystalline Storm.
- Talisman WA: now Force.
- Sunlight Talisman WA: now Heavenly Thunder.
- Saint's Talisman WA: now Wrath of the Gods.
- Rose of Ariandel WA: now grants immunity to damage for 15 seconds.
- Heretic's Staff WA: now Silence: an enemy-only silence.
- Murky Longstaff WA: now Despairing Whisper.
- Archdeacon's Great Staff WA: now Punish the Dead (Dead Again)
- Corrupted Talisman WA: Yearning (Yearning Dregs)
- Pilgrim's Spontoon WA: now Pilgrim's Enchantment, adds 100 Dark damage to blade for 60 seconds.
- Insanity Catalyst WA: nows operates differently: each WA use adds a stack, each stack adds +5% Dark spell damage, but reduces max HP by 25% and adds 1 HP loss. The stacks do not expire until death.

---
## [freezbek/usability](https://github.com/freezbek/usability)@[cda7454ad0...](https://github.com/freezbek/usability/commit/cda7454ad0dc34d50b86872c40f4c890fe9f1754)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 16:40:55 by Gleb Kosheev

Boss of this Gym

Hey buddy, I think you've got the wrong door, the leather club's two blocks down.

Fuck↗You↘

Oh, Fuck♂You leather man. Maybe you and I should settle it right here on the ring if you think your so tough.

Oh yea? I'll kick your ass!

Ha! Yeah right man. Let's go! Why don't you get out of that leather stuff? I'll strip down out of this and we'll settle it right here in the ring. What do you say?

Yeah, no problem buddy!

You got it. Get out of that uh, jabroni outfit.

Yeah, smart ass.

I'll show you who's the boss of this gym.

---
## [dcourtois/QtUtils](https://github.com/dcourtois/QtUtils)@[951f48df8d...](https://github.com/dcourtois/QtUtils/commit/951f48df8d6db72ae108d294f1459e2c9d8b523d)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 18:50:57 by Damien Courtois

[QuickView] another tentative to tackle the trivial (but not so much thanks to Qt being a dick) task of handling the fullscreen and maximized states to correctly restore them.

Although (one of) the point of libraries like Qt is to abstract the various platforms and ensure that the behavior is consistent across platforms, Qt does a really fucking poor job when it comes to QWindow... Events are fired in completly different orders, states are differents, etc.

So basically I had to start handling things differntly depending on the platform. And this is until the next bug, or the next update where they might decide to yet again change how things are done ?

And by the way: using fullscreen for maximized frameless windows on Windows is a fucking pain in the ass. It makes absolutely no sense, and worse of all: it makes the screen flicker and going in/out maximized. My guess is that it's the driver switching between integrated and dedicated GPU, or some other OS stuff when making a window fullscreen, but anyway Qt making the window fullscreen is the culprit here. And of course, there's no mention of this in the doc, we have no clue why they did that.

---
## [jws85/.emacs.d](https://github.com/jws85/.emacs.d)@[ad18af7252...](https://github.com/jws85/.emacs.d/commit/ad18af7252238e3cc5d0e4a0c86e76bd172aa7f7)
#### Monday 2020-11-02 20:08:01 by J. W. Smith

Finally the great national frustration is over

(oh, wait, that's tomorrow, if 538 and friends are correct)

In all seriousness, this is a continual pain point for me.  10-based
numbers are used by drive manufacturers and is easier to calculate,
but software is all in on 2-based numbers (for obvious reasons)
sooooooooooo

---

# [<](2020-11-01.md) 2020-11-02 [>](2020-11-03.md)

