# [<](2020-03-22.md) 2020-03-23 [>](2020-03-24.md)

178,886 events, 88,407 push events, 141,552 commit messages, 12,654,015 characters


## [kevinz000/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/kevinz000/Citadel-Station-13)@[763fee141d...](https://github.com/kevinz000/Citadel-Station-13/commit/763fee141def0fa54b4568220bde9a5dcb55c46f)
#### Monday 2020-03-23 22:34:05 by Ragolution

Adds new audio file to defines in ticker for round-end sounds.

hello ticker my old friend
ive come to fuck with you again
the memes to my mind, slowly creeping
shitposts when i should probably be sleeping

and the question
that was planted in my brain
still remains

why the fuck is this in the /ticker/

---
## [vawser/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3)@[90c65f6dae...](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3/commit/90c65f6daea2f1f907badb37577bf7b81db6f93e)
#### Monday 2020-03-23 22:44:58 by Vawser

Update

# Armor
- Crab Helmet now only boosts stats by 10.

# Shops
- Removed all the ashes you get from killing vendors (i.e. Karla's Ashes).

# Covenant
- Way of White now an Offerings shop.
- Vinheim Scholars now get Crystal Fragments as their covenant material.
- Chaos Servants now get Fire Seeds as their covenant material.
- Pilgrims of Dark now gets Abyssal Fragments as their covenant material.
- Way of White now gets Holy Fragments as their covenant material.

# NPC
- Greirat no longer has the pillage quest. Instead his inventory unlocks after killing the Curse-rotted Greatwood, and then Pontiff Sulyvahn.
- Orbeck now gets Pestilent Mist after you kill Oceiros.
- Orbeck will no longer leave when you buy all his spells.
- Irina now progresses towards the Light ending of her quest if you form a covenant with her (Way of White). If not, she gets the Dark ending.

# Enemies
- Reduced the number of added enemies in base playthrough, moved some into NG+ only.

# Bugfixes
- Fixed Pyromancer's Parting Flame not ascending correctly.

---
## [connor-prinster/web-development](https://github.com/connor-prinster/web-development)@[da542756a2...](https://github.com/connor-prinster/web-development/commit/da542756a241737a521f02dd70d21c90e0eff3da)
#### Monday 2020-03-23 22:51:38 by Connor Prinster

working on navigation instead

can now navigate

navigation is still nasty, but it looks a lot better

have the background going and the xwing is the ebon hawk now

mainly working on constant data, about to work on procedurally generating the platform stuff

some annoying things that I can't figure out why it's not working

can move now

the lines can be drawn

have a good line that start, going to do procedural stuff again

terrain generation works

safe zones are now generateable but don't have lines connecting to and from it, that'll be tomorrows problem

safezone is somewhat done, need to have safezones on left side and rightside

a whole lot nicer. the safezones are split into both sides now

lander updates

added some node real quick

more linting stuff added

even more linting

thrust y works now

still don't know why it's move in x AND y, but you know, idk

accidentally didn't add this rpeviously, just a removal of a console.log statement

bit of shiftyness, honestly the timing is what sucks here

I don't even know

can move, constants need to change though

stuff

the lander can rotate and the fuel drops

lots of coolors

collision detection is a thing now

the intersection is nicer and will say if you win by satsifying conditions AND putting you in the safe zone

can have custom controls

customizing controls is possible now

can have a single sz now

multiple levels exist now

need countdown and particles and sound

the countdown can be done'

countdown works on win too

angle is now seen in decimal

high scores are tracked

can now essentially pause a game

lots of thrust sounds

one could say this is 'pleasing' sounds

the controls persist

eslinting done

working on particles, but it's late as h*cc

particles draw at the center of the eh

real close to thrust working

burst system works

thrust sound stops upon lack of fuel

particles kind of sort of work, just not in the correct direction

the thrust is underneath the ship, but I still need to get the sin/cos working

---

# [<](2020-03-22.md) 2020-03-23 [>](2020-03-24.md)

