# [<](2020-05-30.md) 2020-05-31 [>](2020-06-01.md)

1,793,328 events, 1,008,077 push events, 1,441,072 commit messages, 78,413,030 characters


## [WillNilges/ShelfLife](https://github.com/WillNilges/ShelfLife)@[f5f36e9dd1...](https://github.com/WillNilges/ShelfLife/commit/f5f36e9dd1f0d9ee07efd12fdd402d6bbc15b482)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 00:45:45 by willnilges

This is a cry for help

I am seriously fed up with this fucking application it is cursed and I don't want to work on it any more I just want it to be done oh god fuck help me please.

Also this implements a command line interface so the docker image should be happy finally.

---
## [Abd-El-RahmanMoslhy/Artificial-Intelegance](https://github.com/Abd-El-RahmanMoslhy/Artificial-Intelegance)@[5e2f948e5f...](https://github.com/Abd-El-RahmanMoslhy/Artificial-Intelegance/commit/5e2f948e5fce016ce978732a0469779c67ccebf9)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 00:59:06 by Abd-El-RahmanMoslhy

Delete html1.html

<html>
<body>
         
		 <h1>Artificial Intelligence compare of pros and cons</a>
		 
		 <h2>links</h2>
   <ul> <a href="file:///E:/New%20folder(2)/index.html.html">Artificial intelegance main page</a></ul>
    <ul>  <a href="file:///E:/New%20folder(2)/html1.html">AI compare of pros and cons</a></ul>
	<ul> <a href="file:///E:/New%20folder(2)/html3.html">Artificial Intelligence</a></ul>
	<ul> <a href="file:///E:/New%20folder(2)/html4.html">Artificial Intelligence images</a></ul>
	<ul> <a href="file:///E:/New%20folder(2)/html5.html">Applications</a></ul>
    <table style="width:100%">
  <tr>
    <th>AI pros</th>
    <th>AI cons</th>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><ul>AI is becoming popular among companies of all sizes. It drives dramatic transformations across various organizations and industries. So, it would be useful to get into some exciting pros of these changes.</ul>
   <ul>Artificial intelligence brings about evolution by automating our day-to-day work.

Undoubtedly, machines surpass humanity in meticulous tasks. With routine tasks automated, the robots can assume work related to analyses, subtle judgments, and problem-solving. 

Thus, applying artificial intelligence at work will decrease the workload, empower humans to upgrade their skills. Free from monotonous work, employees will be able to focus on the creative aspects of their jobs. Eventually, this combination of man and machine will make the world a better place.</ul>
<ul>Human beings are prone to physiology, fatigue, stress, emotions, aging, etc. All of these might poorly reflect on decision-making. For example, an overly-stressed doctor or pilot of a falling plane might make a fatal mistake, which will lead to a tragedy, to say nothing of the accidents caused by drunk drivers. 

AI computers are error-free (if adequately programmed, of course).</td>
    <td>Industries that aim at ensuring a high level of correctness and precision can benefit from adopting artificially intelligent machines. Eliminating costly errors leads these businesses to higher output. Unlike emotional humanity, customized AI can improve the decision-making process, when its set of algorithms uses nothing but previously collected information. Our AI Development Company provide the best expertise in this issue.</ul>
    
	<ul>A general benefit of AI is based upon cognitive function replication. It has no morals or experience, though. The foremost disadvantages derive from this lack of ethics.</ul><ul>Will the fourth industrial revolution end up with a robot at your desk? Not really. Still, one way or another, AI will impact more than 95% of jobs either by displacing or complementing them. Moreover, the effect will be uneven for various industries. AI will hit harder laborious areas such as manufacturing, agriculture, and logistics and cause a decline in manual work. Whereas, the healthcare and education spheres are likely to benefit from new technologies.</ul><ul>The convenience technology delivers just one side of the coin. People let AI think on their behalf since there is no need to learn something or memorize. One can always ask a machine. 

Dependency from a machine is indeed a matter of individual choice. If the technology is used wisely, for</ul></td>
   </td>
  </tr>
</table>
</body>
</html>

---
## [PuppyPi/rebound-core](https://github.com/PuppyPi/rebound-core)@[6a8162e2d9...](https://github.com/PuppyPi/rebound-core/commit/6a8162e2d959ae0ae43abc8db84a802ac4f188c4)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 02:21:15 by PuppyPi

A holy heck of stuff; sorry, I was putting my life back together X'D

---
## [ourmomentum/ourmomentum-react](https://github.com/ourmomentum/ourmomentum-react)@[3f1469445f...](https://github.com/ourmomentum/ourmomentum-react/commit/3f1469445f4d842e7ba69d194f322ad6dc98cb4b)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 03:30:58 by Susan

WHY CAN'T I CALL A FUCKING FUNCTION this is dumb as hell why can you call functions LoadingScreen and HomeScreen in App.js, but can't call SusansPlayground in Homescreen.js fuckin shit i imported the function as well bruh I just wanted to link the two fucking files so I can click to my goddamn playground are you shitting me this is why I am not pursuing a career in CS this bullshit

---
## [Valvador/bullet3Experiments](https://github.com/Valvador/bullet3Experiments)@[0d976603aa...](https://github.com/Valvador/bullet3Experiments/commit/0d976603aa875130153c15c340d40998383a2edb)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 04:11:06 by Valvador

Holy crap, I remember what the hell I was doing to begin with.

* Fixed the Voxel Grid Factory generation. (Had a hang)
* Made the visualization for Voxel Grid Distance Fields less annoying (only 3 digits)
* Added extra comments in the VoxelGridFactory:: distance field generation.

TODO:
Need a unit test for DistanceFields and Sphere Grids... not sure how yet.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[0f37fa8e75...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0f37fa8e752fff356b4ae6b3a10bc725d92aaf8d)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 09:42:54 by Marko Grdinić

"7:30am. I am up this early despite going to bed at 11pm yesterday. Am I looking forward to every programming day or what? May has been great, if exhausting. Today is the last day of the month so it is time to do that monthly review for the PL thread. I'll take some time to do an extended rest today.

And I'll start with my usual morning chilling. Kaiji is out.

https://mangadex.org/title/40770/shinigami-ni-sodaterareta-shoujo-wa-shikkoku-no-tsurugi-wo-mune-ni-idaku

This came out yesterday too. Let me have my fun.

9am. Ok, let me start this thing. Review time.

///

Towards the end of April I had a change of mindset - rather than trying to figure out those massively bloated LSP related projects, I should directly study the VS Code editor itself and aim to directly integrate my language with it. That went well. I spent nearly two weeks studying the various samples and [refactoring them](https://github.com/mrakgr/vscode-extension-samples#vs-code-extensions-refactor) as I went along. And this time I have it. The feedback from this experience was good. This is a sharp contrast to...for example February when I picked up an ASP.NET book and realized that no matter how much I wracked my brain that I did not understand what most of the code in the Tic Tac Toe example did. It was so deluged with crap, that for most of the lines I could only guess at what their purpose was.

Not so here. When things are simple, then not only are they easy to learn, but it is also easy to infer what the purpose of various parts should be. This is important for being able to tell when a bug is occurring in the library.

After the first week, I was done with that and I decided to start work on editor support for Spiral. As the first step, I wrote a parser for config files for it and then looked into integrating it with VS Code. I mean, at that point on paper I had everything set - I am familiar with the VS Code editor and its API on one side, and the way to design the language on the other is clear to me.

When the time came to actually transfer data from one side to the other, I realized I had a problem. If you Google something like [`node ipc`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-ipc) you'll stumble upon the namesake package. It allows sending messages via IPC as one would expect. On the .NET side however, you have what? Network streams? What am I going to do with those? Surely you want to at least send messages.

I even opened a thread on the F# sub asking how to send strings across different processes, but the answer was a [dreadful resounding silence](https://www.reddit.com/r/fsharp/comments/gek8cv/what_should_i_be_using_to_do_ipc_for_a_language/).

In programming, it is easy to fall into the trap of thinking that because something is simple that it is also easy.

---

The face of my next challenge having been made clear, after searching for a while I stumbled upon [ZeroMQ](http://zguide.zeromq.org/) and decided that I need to master it. And what better way to go about it than to weave all the strands I've been picking up over past few months together. I wanted to break my dependency on the command line for a long time, and given my recent successes with [reactive combinators](http://reactivex.io/) this seemed like an idea time to do some serious UI work and finally master that aspect of programming as well. I failed at this in 2016, but at this point I am too overleveled for that to happen. As a programmer, I've always had this insecurity - I've always had the raw talent, and in the past 5 years the consistent effort I've putting in has refined it into a gem, but there are still some impurities left to polish. My ability to produce good tools is still too poor for me to call myself a real expert. It is one thing to be able to produce good, efficient and readable code in some places, but it quite another to have such a broad base that one can excel regardless of the domain.

The way to break into such a level is the question, and the answer is concurrency.

The only bright spot in the past five months was when I decided to really commit to studying reactive combinators and did some [simple UIs](https://github.com/mrakgr/Lithe-POC) using them. May was just so great. It was fantastic.

It was like learning programming again - every session that I had was meaningful, and the things I've learned will not be forgotten and will serve as the core of my skill from here on out. Reactive combinators are just divine, they are as good for concurrency as parser combinators are for parsing. Master them, add agents to the mix (and [maybe channels](https://github.com/Hopac/Hopac/blob/master/Docs/Programming.md)) and things like UIs suddenly become tractable. And webdev which has been a big thing for a while now is fundamentally very similar to UI work. Though I do not plan on doing webdev, this is what one needs to know if one wants to do it. HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript and big frameworks on whatever platform are just distracting trivialities in the challenge of producing good abstractions for user experience. Reactive combinators are what is fundamental. Concurrency is what should be the true object of study. The impression that concurrency is about programming with [impossible to reason about](http://deadlockempire.github.io/) low level primitives needs to die.

The reason that I decided to start with frameworks in February was because I lacked the skills and the confidence to manage complexity in those domains.

I finally see the correct path now - all I need to do is keep following it. In a week or so I will be done [translating ZeroMQ examples](https://github.com/mrakgr/Lithe-POC/blob/9bd84b3b18fa0c0cc29175a1d17ba725c1b02a83/Lithe%20Avalonia%20Examples/05_ZeroMQ.fs) from the guide into NetMQ, and then I will finally be able to start work on editor support for Spiral. This time there won't be any more challenges to get in my way. As a rough guess I'd say it will take me 3 months to make v0.2 + editor support for it. Considering how much v0.09 took me and how much better v0.2 is going to be than it, I consider this a bargain.

After that it will be time to get some [new toys](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhQgElvtb1s). I will resume the hunt for the AI that I left off in 2018. Sure, I might not have particularly excelled at this so far, but the cool thing about this quest is that even if you fail, as long you do not give up every 5 years you will get the chance to try again with 100x more computing power than the last time. Personally, I'll aim to top that off with broader programming skills and better tools as well.

This strategy is bound to work for me at some point.

///

10:20am. I am checking out the ZeroMQ guide as I write the above, but it seems that it is down. If this continues, I'll try to grab something off Libgen.

11:10am. I am done with the review.

11:30am. Doing some proofreading and editing. I think what I have now should be decent. It is a bit long, but it is fine if I break into story at some points.

11:40am. I've been thinking about talking about NetMQ, but who cares about those trivial details. For some people, the stories are about the characters, but for me they are about transmiting the emotional valence. They are about the world itself and power.

The above review is good. I crap on some things and praise others, all deservingly. Imagine if I had ready this a few months ago - it would have saved me quite a bit of time.

Let me commit here and then I'll have breakfast and do some chilling. After that it is review time again."

---
## [colons/nkd.su](https://github.com/colons/nkd.su)@[06932e028c...](https://github.com/colons/nkd.su/commit/06932e028ccc5240fe4c1534f50d5ea8aacc7939)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 15:32:07 by colons

Migrate to @h0m56r's logo for the favicon.

If your browser doesn't support SVG favicons, fuck you.

---
## [ds998/TEAM-DOGS](https://github.com/ds998/TEAM-DOGS)@[2300e9f654...](https://github.com/ds998/TEAM-DOGS/commit/2300e9f654d8f283ad1f45d7ad84e626eb854542)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 16:36:20 by ugrinicu

bingo bango bongo i don't wanna leave the congo oh nonononono

[Verse 1: The Andrews Sisters & Danny Kaye]
Each morning, a missionary advertises neon sign
He tells the native population that civilization is fine
And three educated savages holler from a bamboo tree (Eep! Eloki-pahee-sahana)
That civilization is a thing for me to see

[Chorus 1: Danny Kaye & The Andrews Sisters]
So, bongo, bongo, bongo, I don't wanna leave the Congo, oh no no no no no
Bingo, bangle, bungle, I'm so happy in the jungle, I refuse to go
Don't want no bright lights, false teeth, doorbells, landlords, I make it clear
That no matter how they coax him (Yep!)
I'll stay right here

[Verse 2: Danny Kaye & The Andrews Sisters]
I looked through a magazine the missionary's wife concealed (Magazine? What happens?)
I see how people who are civilized bung you with automobile (You know you can get hurt that way, Daniel?)
At the movies, they have got to pay many coconuts to see (What do they see, Danny?)
Uncivilized pictures that the newsreel takes of me

[Chorus: Danny Kaye & The Andrews Sisters]
So, bongo, bongo, bongo, he don't wanna leave the Congo, oh no no no no no
Bingo, bangle, bungle, he's so happy in the jungle, he refuse to go
Don't want no penthouse, bathtub, streetcars, taxis, noise in my ear
So, no matter how they coax him (Yep!)
I'll stay right here

[Verse 3: Danny Kaye & The Andrews Sisters]
They hurry like savages to get aboard an iron train (The Tringle-lingle-hoola-humbaloo Express!)
And though it's smokey and it's crowded, they're too civilized to complain (Alokoko-hosahima-hana)
When they've got two weeks vacation, they hurry to vacation ground (What do they do, Danny?)
They swim and they fish, but that's what I do all year round

[Chorus: Danny Kaye, The Andrews Sisters, & Both]
So, bongo, bongo, bongo, I don't wanna leave the Congo, oh no no no no no
Bingo, bangle, bungle, I'm so happy in the jungle, I refuse to go
Don't want no jailhouse, shotgun, fish-hooks, golf clubs, I got my spears
So, no matter how they coax him (Yep!)
I'll stay right here

[Outro: Danny Kaye, The Andrews Sisters, & Both]
They have things like the atom bomb
So I think I'll stay where I am
Civilization, I'll stay right here

---
## [kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io](https://github.com/kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io)@[952763101f...](https://github.com/kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io/commit/952763101fccde17ead1020c272924fb45b39e58)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 19:53:55 by Kait Gaiss

Creativity

This book — and Csikszentmihalyi's work in general — is as good an example as any of what I'd like to spend my life doing. Research, writing, and synthesizing how we can lead more interesting, engaged, creative lives.

I love this book. It's one I will read and re-read throughout my life. I've underlined and dog-eared it, used it as a notepad to jot down restaurants to eat at and places to see while travelling. It's been good to me.

This book is also loooooong, and as I added in my highlights and notes, I ended up inserting a number of choice highlights from some of the other reading I was doing on a rainy Saturday afternoon indoors, when the world around me was starting to fall into pieces.

That reading largely centered on a few Jenny Odell interviews and Heather Havrilesky's "Ask Polly" column, which is fucking delightful, and if you've been a dunce and haven't read it yet like me, I encourage you to stop what you're doing and remedy your situation post-hence.

---
## [yclatious/vgstation13](https://github.com/yclatious/vgstation13)@[a2847c5c1c...](https://github.com/yclatious/vgstation13/commit/a2847c5c1c70e8019648b1b5707e93ac0c229863)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 20:04:16 by yclatious

Reduces overall vending machine prices

Because fuck 60 credit raisins, fuck 50 dollars soda, and fuck the baloney bullshit of wanabee economists in spess that can't be assed to do 3 minutes of work changing numbers to make people be able to afford more than 3 soda poppies or 2 bags of raisins per paycheck.

No changes to Vox or Cargo vending machines. I am retarded, not stupid.

---
## [JETMODE-PRO-Of-JETMODE-PRO-UK-LTD/Isaac-uzemefetah-Ofereh-Mugbeh-](https://github.com/JETMODE-PRO-Of-JETMODE-PRO-UK-LTD/Isaac-uzemefetah-Ofereh-Mugbeh-)@[27f5303d30...](https://github.com/JETMODE-PRO-Of-JETMODE-PRO-UK-LTD/Isaac-uzemefetah-Ofereh-Mugbeh-/commit/27f5303d308940400cb33271cfbc43a37b3f8dc1)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 21:25:01 by GODSTARIUOM

*JETMODE PRO- UK LTD*

$TAR***Existence 1994* & Establish 2000* info@jetmodepro.co.uk -.;-{*COMPANIES SEAL OWNED*}- WWW.JETMODEPRO.CO.UK  *-.;- JETMODE PRO- Businesses/Companys/Companies JETMODE PRO- UK LTD/*JETMODE PRO- WORLDWIDE LTD*/*JETMODE PRO- WORLDWIDE INTERNATIONAL UK LTD.;-WORLDWIDE/;-*OWNER CEO OVERSEER MANAGEMENT DIRECTOR.;-*Mr. ISAAC UZEMEFETAH OFEREH-MUGBEH*.;-{Written Decree;-JETMODE PRO- .;-Of Companies House/OWNER COMPANIES SEAL NUMBER Of *JETMODE PRO-  *:-:* *JETMODE PRO- UK LTD.;-DECREE OF Businesses/Companys/Companies -Worldwide International Group;-TRUE###.;-*JMPRO- *I/We/Us/You .;- *Reasons-Organisations RIGHT’S/LAWS*.;- *AYESHA UZEME OFEREH-MUGBEH*-;-No Change Of.;- Name.;-{*Son's Daughter's & Of Their Daughter's & Son's/Planning/Proposal/Religious/Marriage-Wedding/Family-Friends/Different Traditions-Language/Children Of Marriage{Mather Of Side Name Only, And their Children always NO CHANGES.;-{*OFEREH-MUGBEH*}.;-Of *ISAAC UZEMEFETAH.;- Worldwide International Groups.;-Senior Management Director Executive.;-Miss *AYESHA UZEME OFEREH-MUGBEH*.;-faithgodstar1@gmail.com  *-;. {0208 265 6775 - 07958640255}.;-  info@jetmodepro.co.uk  WWWJETMODEPRO.CO.UK }.;-JMPRO- .;-GROUPS COMPANIES:JMPRO- .: COMPANIES SEAL NUMBER OWNER.;-CEO Mr ISAAC UZEMEFETAH OFEREH-MUGBEH;-..Look Up With TRUE###.STAR***JMPRO- *27/05/2020*.;-UK-POLICE.;-{MY BUSINESS/COMPANY'S IS THE *REAL DEAL BY WRITTEN DECREE OF LAW*. AND ALSO OF LAW OF BUSINESS/COMPANYS-COMPANIES LAW OF LAW OF JUSTUS WORLDWIDE.;-JETMODE PRO- OF JETMODE PRO-UK LTD}.;-(UK) THINK AGAIN CIS SECURITY AND LEWISHAM/CATFORD POLICE THIS NOT A JOKE -YOU ARE NOT LOOKING AT LAW'S OVER THIS AND MY HUMAN RIGHT IF THIS MAN YOU KNOW JUSTUS OTHER NAME{OFEREH}MUGBEH.;ADD:-{9 WHICHER CLOSE NEW CROSS, LONDON SE14 6HS{0208 692 0055}UK.;- I KILL HIM- YOU KNOW YOU CAN NOT DO ANYTHING TO ME{Overseer-Owner/President Executive Chairman.-;{WorldWide}.;-JMPRO-.;COMPANIES SEAL NUMBER ONWER.;-CEO Mr, ISAAC UZEMEFETAH OFEREH-MUGBEH.;-{JETMODE PRO- BILLION-TREEILLION DOLLAR POUND ORGANISATIONS WORLD LTD.;-Gold & Diamond Sell-Buy/Cash Credit Purchase/Shiver/Data Policy/EnterPrize+EnterPrise-ProfitLink Selling & Buying/Africa Group Gold & diamond Producers/Production Creative Investment.;-JETMODE PRO- AFRICA GROUP WORLDWIDE LTD}.;-{JETMODE PRO- SMART INVENTIONS TECHNOLOGY-GADGETSOFTWARE SOLUTIONS ENTERPRISE LTD} - {JETMODE PRO- PROFESSIONAL UN LTD.;- JETMODE PRO- TIME WORLD PRODUCTION  TECHNOLOGIES TRUE LTD.;-{Film/Music Industry/Movies+Universal Pictures Group Studios - Cameras-Spy/Face/Eyes-Electronics & Photos Software - Email Network key system - Studios Creative Production Event Entertainment Sim  Device Industry System's Networking Pro-duction's-MumberShips Logs-Bookings.;-*JETMODE PRO- ONE VICE WORLDWIDE INTERNATIONAL LTD*.-;-*JETMODE PRO- P.R. PROMOTION & ADVERTISING WORLDWIDE LTD.;-P,R, Press Contal-Investment Music Enterprise Digital Music Advertising-Pop Bottles-Godstar***}.;- OVER WHAT IS GOING ON IN SIDE MY BODYOF POISON- AND IAM ALSO TELLING THE FBI/C.I.A. THIS NOT A JOKE THINK 12YRS OF PAIN IN ME AND MY KIDS PAY US.;-I JETMODE PRO- HAVE LAWS OF BUSINESSES/COMPANYS/COMPANIES.;- UP KEEP OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF LAWS OVER OR CEO AND DIRECTOR'S UP KEEP OF JETMODE PRO- OF JETMODE PRO- UK LTD - JETMODE PRO- WORLDWIDE LTD...LOOKING UP WITH TRUE###.-Lookup With TRUE###.STAR***-THERE IS A DEVICE/SIM/CHIP-;{Which have no RIGHT/HUMAN RIGHT TO IT/THEM-INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHT LAW Of CIVIL LAW/GENENVA CONVENTION ie,GENOCIDE.;-Confict International of Law to Law ie.;-JETMODE PRO- INTERNATIONAL LTD.;- *JETMODE PRO-WORLD ORGANISATIONS LAND TRUST WORLD LTD.;- Us/ WE/I Of Terms & Conditions WORLDWIDE WRITTEN DECREE Of Our LAW Of LAW-THE HEGUE INTERNATIONAL LAW ARE IN USE WORLDWIDE!!! };-{JETMODE PRO- AFRICA TRUE EMPIRE INVESTMENT GROUP WORLDWIDE LTD.;-SuccessfulWorldWide Money Transfers-Bond/Income Bond-Market-Businesses/Company/Companies{ Shares & Stacks-Capital Investment Economics-Fixed-set Bond Rates & Dividends-Relinquishment Pro-fessional Holding & Investment Pensions Incomes Bonds-Shares-Stock/Money Saving System Janior Stocks & Shares-Bonds}.;-JETMODE PRO- COMPANIES INVESTMENT GROUP WORLDWIDE LTD.;-{I/Us/We/You-International Deposit Life Insurance Protection Investment Bond-Government Bonds Systems-Payment Gateway}.;- LIKE INSIDE MY BODY{HEAD}TELEPORT ie-{by teleportation by energy/magnetic into/inside brain field- by food/ drink/ and blood-device in stomach As POISON-FROM OTHER'S BY MAGIC INTO MY BODY}-THE POLICE KNOW THIS MY FATHER(JUSTUS MUGBEH) IS A DEAD MAN...TRUE###.STAR***24-02-2020-THINK MY SIA SILL IN DATE PUT MY THINGS BACK THIS NOT A JOKE MY FATHER IS A DEAD MAN-C.I.A/FBI/ POLICE!!! Family name.;-OFEREH-MUGBEH.;- To Tony Grave(Director-Cis Security Company)the job i did for at the time at lewisham homes/Cancel. the payment was not made to me/Isaac of £1,500 out TAX . Cis Security Company)-THINK BACK,[ 9A st johns vale Deptford SE8 4EA].TONY THIS IS NOT A JOKE 11YRS GOING 12YRS PUT MY LIFE BACK-TELL LEWISHAM TO PAY US.-SE8 4EA].TONY THIS IS NOT A JOKE 11YRS GOING 12YRS PUT MY LIFE BACK-TELL LEWISHAM TO PAY US/ME/KIDS-BUSINESS/COMPANY TONY THIS NOT A JOKE ANYMORE THIS IS MY LIFE ALL OF YOU TAKE AWAY FROM ME/US/KIDS-TONY TELL LEWISHAM POLICE/ CATFORD POLICE (POLICE PAY ME/US YES- POLICE MY FATHER. JUSTUS MUGBEH.(NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICER- WORKING FOR YOU).Director.;STAR***14/4/2020-MANAGEMANT/MANAGERS DIRECTOR.;-*JOSHUA O.;-*JETMODE PRO- TRUE BROTHERS PRODUCTIONS PROMOTIONS & DESIGNERS LTD-{Active Event/Films/Radio/Videos/MumberShips}.;- *GODSTAR O.;-*JETMODE PRO- PRIVATE JETSITE LUXURY YACHT-BOAT CRUISE LTD.;-{Jet/Yacht Executive Club/Management Booking/Private Here/Air & Sky Listing/Carrier Airline Private Booking - MumberShips Logs}.;-{Owner CEO Management-Overseer Director:-*{WORLDWIDE}.;-*{faithgodstar@hotmail.co.uk).;-*Dr CEO.Mr Isaac Uzemefetah ofereh-mugbeh;-Of JETMODE PRO- :-Business/Companies.;-*JETMODE PRO- UKLTD.info@jetmodepro.co.uk WWW.JETMODEPRO.CO.UK .;-STARTUP ADD:-9a St Johns Vale Deptford London, SE8 4EA;-Management/manager’s Director’s.;-{WorldWide;-Wisdom O ;- JETMODE PRO- TRUE BID STOCK & SHARESLTD.;-{truestariuom@gmail.com};-/Joshua O/Godstar O/{Senior Executive Managerial Director.;-*{WorldWide}*.;-JMPRO- .;-Dr.Miss. AYESHA UZEME OFEREH-MUGBEH;-*{0208 265 6775  07958640255}*.;-{faithgodstar1@gmail.com}.;-*{JMPRO-.;-Enlightment Of Law To Law Of Justus Effective Correct Tools Of Individuals Throughout The Course Of History The WorldWide MumberShips Of Businesses/Company's/Companies Great Thinkers, Open Your Eyes To The World Of Endless Possibilities Positive Commitment-Knowingly & Growth Utilize Ability Of Organization-Creative-Interpieces WorldWide Glob, We/Us/You/I* JETMODE PRO-  {info@jetmodepro.co.uk   WWW.JETMODEPRO.CO.UK}.;-Welcome To The WideWorld Of JETMODE PRO- .;-With Laws Is Laws Of Group Of Laws WorldWide Enterprise Private {P.R} Organization Active Investment Policy Worldwide United Goals.;- JETMODE PRO- UNITED NATIONS GLOBAL LTD.}.;- JETMODE PRO- AFRICA BEAT TRADITONAL INSTRUMENTAL PRODUCTION WORLDWIDE LTD.;-{Subscrption -Studying DJ Mixing-Dancers-Choreographers-Producers-Creative Director-Champagne Dancers-DanceMaker's Pop Bottle's}.;-JETMODE PRO- TOPCLASS PRO- SPORTS WORLD LTD.;-JETMODE PRO- TOP CLASS CLUB ENTERTAINMENT LTD.;-{Secrests Home Luxury Private Listings Event Entertainment -MumberShips Logs - Pop Bottle Champagne Official Event}-{JETMODE PRO- PROMOTIONS TOPWEAR WIST WACH LTD}.;-{JMPRO- We/Us/Are LAWS - TERMS And CONDITIONS are in USE WORLDWIDE WRITTEN DECREE!!!}.;-JETMODE PRO- PHOENIX INSURANCE SERVICES LTD-{Vehicles/Homes/Privacy/MumberShips Logs}.;-Lookup With TRUE###.STAR***-THERE IS A DEVICE/SIM/CHIP-;{Which have no RIGHT/HUMAN RIGHT TO IT/THEM-INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHT LAW Of CIVIL LAW ie.;-JETMODE PRO- INTERNATIONAL LTD.;- JMPRO- Us/ WE/I Of Terms & Conditions Of Our LAW Of LAW-THE HEGUE INTERNATIONAL LAW ARE IN USE WORLDWIDE!!! };-LIKE INSIDE MY BODY{HEAD}TELEPORT ie-{by teleportation by energy/magnetic into/inside brain field- by food/ drink/ and blood-device in stomach As POISON-FROM OTHER'S BY MAGIC INTO MY BODY}-THE POLICE KNOW THIS MY FATHER(JUSTUS MUGBEH) IS A DEAD MAN...TRUE###.STAR***24-02-2020-THINK MY SIA SILL IN DATE PUT MY THINGS BACK THIS NOT A JOKE MY FATHER IS A DEAD MAN-C.I.A/FBI/ POLICE!!! Family name.;-OFEREH-MUGBEH. To Tony Grave(Director-Cis Security Company)the job I did for at the time at Lewisham homes/Cancel. payment was not made to me/Isaac of £1,500 out TAX. Cis Security Company)- think back,[ 9A st johns vale Deptford SE8 4EA].TONY THIS IS NOT A JOKE 11YRS GOING 12YRS PUT MY LIFE BACK-TELL LEWISHAM TO PAY US.-SE8 4EA].TONY THIS IS NOT A JOKE 11YRS GOING 12YRS PUT MY LIFE BACK-TELL LEWISHAM TO PAY US/ME/KIDS-BUSINESS/COMPANY TONY THIS NOT A JOKE ANYMORE THIS IS MY LIFE ALL OF YOU TAKE AWAY FROM ME/US/KIDS-TONY TELL LEWISHAM POLICE/ CATFORD POLICE (POLICE PAY ME/US YES- POLICE MY FATHER. JUSTUS MUGBEH.(NEIGHBORHOOD OFFICER- WORKING FOR YOU).Director.;-Ayesha Uzeme Ofereh-Mugbeh;-Law -TRUE###STAR***18/03/2020 FACEBOOK ARE SEEN THIS COMPANYS LAWS.;- JUST LIKE.;- JETMODE PRO- USA LTD - JETMODE PRO- SMART DEVICES ENTERTAINMENT LTD-{Professienal Accessories's} - JETMODE PRO- SHINE CLOTHING & FRAGRANCE LTD - JETMODE PRO- TREEILLIONARE INVESTMENT - INTERPIECES - TRADING BANKING WORLD LTD.;-{Organization's/Private/Business-Company's - Bankings/Book Keeping/ProfitLink Selling & Buying EnterPrise/Economic Corporations-Corporate Group/P.R.-{MumberShips Private Book Keeper With Thin Bank's Worldwide}Banking Investment-Digital Advertising Press Contal Outlet info Enterprise.;-*JETMODE PRO- AFRICA GROUP WORLDWIDE INVESTMENT LTD .;-"WaterLine Industry"/"Industry"-Building Constructions/Building Society Regulations/Materials-Control/Contractors/Control Fees-Conservations Investment-Fees/MumberShip Log}*.;- I/US/ WE/ YOU.;-*JETMODE PRO- Of *JETMODE PRO- UK LTD.;-*JMPRO- Terms & Conditions- LAWS Are in USE WORLWIDE WRITTEN DECREE!!!}.;-GODSTAR***JETMODE PRO- AFROCAN WORLDEWIDE UN LTD.-;-*JETMODE PRO- COMPANIES RELINQUISHMENT PROFESSIONAL INVESTMENT WORLDWIDE LTD.;-Working & Pensions-Divdends-Contractors Contol -Individuals Ability/Compatibility Course Of Knowingly Independence Motivation - Supplies Commercial Industry.;$*-£* TRUE###.   

---
## [EvolutionRTS/Evolution-RTS](https://github.com/EvolutionRTS/Evolution-RTS)@[849c69ca72...](https://github.com/EvolutionRTS/Evolution-RTS/commit/849c69ca7274b7bd5d22b2dfda0056fd62d46467)
#### Sunday 2020-05-31 23:57:33 by Forboding Angel

Add gui messages
Remove sizegrowth from smoke table in some cegs so there will no longer be a warning in infolog... Sidenote, why the fuck does spring use sizegrowth in every other fucking table, but in smoke tables it uses sizeexpansion? Because FUCK YOU, this is SPRING. That's why.

---

# [<](2020-05-30.md) 2020-05-31 [>](2020-06-01.md)

