# [<](2020-08-05.md) 2020-08-06 [>](2020-08-07.md)

160,818 events, 85,385 push events, 134,156 commit messages, 10,980,292 characters


## [Redperij/Baystation12-1](https://github.com/Redperij/Baystation12-1)@[9abbdd56d2...](https://github.com/Redperij/Baystation12-1/commit/9abbdd56d27efa66cc88b35cf20ad9425f72dbc7)
#### Thursday 2020-08-06 22:09:49 by Kathy

Added a bunch of alt clicks / ctrl click behaviours.


Fixed being able to eject from everywhere


Changed behaviour, added chem dispenser and chem master eject proc.


Fuck


Fixed again goddammit


Implemented suggested changes.


Travis man bad


WIP


Fixed typo


Should work now.


Added grinder alt click, ctrl click, ctrlalt click


FIXED BULLSHIT SPACE


Flip my shit


Removed src

---
## [osfameron/BankOCRKata](https://github.com/osfameron/BankOCRKata)@[31e2eac701...](https://github.com/osfameron/BankOCRKata/commit/31e2eac701bdfabf204412816c622804ca250773)
#### Thursday 2020-08-06 22:12:58 by Hakim Cassimally

mid refactor

So, er, I realise I'm doing a lot of `public static` like I want to be
doing FP rather than OO. That's fine for sketching out algorithms, but
I'm getting up to speed with an OO language, so let's start to actually
engage with the prevailing idioms...

Refactoring into OCR (the line) and OCRDigit classes.
Having done TDD throughout, I was unsure exactly how I wanted to
structure this, and have just hacked at the source code instead of
test-first. On reflection, this would be the ideal place to do test
first, to sketch out the interface.

Oh well, good learning experience I guess. Let's call it a "spike" this
time, and remember to do better next time.

Have taken it to a point where the obvious compiler errors are fixed in
src, and the errors are now reported from the Tests, so next I'll
rewrite those till I'm sure the structure works, and then fix remaining
issues with code.

---
## [DarkWolfInsanity/Skyrat13](https://github.com/DarkWolfInsanity/Skyrat13)@[41caefce94...](https://github.com/DarkWolfInsanity/Skyrat13/commit/41caefce94b257eaf691a12806a75cdea7618c06)
#### Thursday 2020-08-06 22:19:28 by calibraptor

Refurbished Centcom Docking Area - The Squeakquel (#3220)

* Initializing

Haven't used the map merger yet. StrongDMM is /supposed/ to do that automatically.

Moved less shit around this time.

* Changelog

:astonished:

* Replaces broken corndogs

As hilarious as it is for the delicious phallus shaped snacks to poof into thin air when you try to eat them, I want this PR to be as snag free as possible.

* Deleting Changelog

Apparently I don't need to do this anymore and nobody told me.

* More lights, detailing, and

Sometimes the lights spawn broken and that results in dark spots. Added more light tubes to compensate.

Also added some chairs, a water cooler, and some cool detailing to the neutral hallway to make it feel less bland.

Also adding a bunch of extinguisher cabinets seemed like a good idea too, considering how often people in the safezone end up on fire.

* Polish

Placed an invisible light in the middle of the killzone so it doesn't have a dark spot in the middle.

Replaced the airhorn with some hotdogs.

Made the contents of the tables adjacent to the safezone tiles a little less memey. They now have a delicious selection of donuts as opposed to toys and salt shakers.

---
## [robcore/mn3-lite](https://github.com/robcore/mn3-lite)@[fffc7ce563...](https://github.com/robcore/mn3-lite/commit/fffc7ce563d33f932ae51307fd5b294b402530f9)
#### Thursday 2020-08-06 22:43:16 by robcore

free up interpolator boost to be enabled regardless of compander and rate (for playback all we ever use would be 48 or 192, depending on if you have tidal or some shit), and speaker sampling needs love too

---
## [antaresprogramming/antaresprogramming.github.io](https://github.com/antaresprogramming/antaresprogramming.github.io)@[afd9b58ba2...](https://github.com/antaresprogramming/antaresprogramming.github.io/commit/afd9b58ba2f9c00d2cc0baf4e23189f4a15374ed)
#### Thursday 2020-08-06 23:47:34 by Francis Rubio

Closed HTML Essentials AGAIN
- I really need to remember this before committing this is getting really exhausting, I hate myself

---

# [<](2020-08-05.md) 2020-08-06 [>](2020-08-07.md)

