# [<](2020-08-20.md) 2020-08-21 [>](2020-08-22.md)

790,687 events, 383,936 push events, 593,449 commit messages, 42,749,151 characters


## [Scrivener07/CDDA-Community-Legacy-Play](https://github.com/Scrivener07/CDDA-Community-Legacy-Play)@[c7de11c69d...](https://github.com/Scrivener07/CDDA-Community-Legacy-Play/commit/c7de11c69ded8420d79a3a264c9ac26e7e54c247)
#### Friday 2020-08-21 00:31:26 by Duck

Winter, Day 4

With this moment of peace I can feel deep wounds all over my body, only the slightest pain remains, my boots coated with dirt and gusts reconfort me, I will survive, I've got what it takes. The cold winter air carries with it the scent of blood, on the kitchen desk, the remains of a cow stare back at me, rock hard meat, organs and eyeballs are no pleasant food, this is not good.
I need more supplies, more water, clothes. I feel doubtfull frozen wasteland extends as far as the eye can see.
A short trip north revealed something interesting, a military helipad. a place with big sturdy walls, a place that seems very secure.
Automated defenses guard the place from anything that moves, even their own zombified staff.
The effects of heavy machine gun fire on a human body are fasinating.
With much luck I maged to break into the helipad with a healthy brain still inside my head.
There is water an little food in the barracks this will be home for tonight.

---
## [tedski999/dotfiles](https://github.com/tedski999/dotfiles)@[ec674a5d3b...](https://github.com/tedski999/dotfiles/commit/ec674a5d3b6b8f46b4c97f0ff6eb5e8fc83b620e)
#### Friday 2020-08-21 03:18:42 by tedski999

Nvidia's drivers are fuarked

I spent actual hours trying to get Nvidia's to play
nicely with my Optimus Nvidia/Intel laptop. I wanted to
run the integrated card as my primary desktop renderer,
while using the dedicated card to offload heavy stuff
using the recommended PRIME tool. The main problem is
communication between the two cards, as the HDMI port
used by my second monitor is connected to the dGPU,
while the integrated display is connected to the iGPU.
Fine, I figured that out. However, there's a bug in
Nvidia's driver when used with X Windowing / XRandR,
resulting in duel monitor setup panning configs
being negated. I even tried Nouveau and Xinerama,
but Nouveau does't work well with PRIME and
offloading, while Xinerama is fairly archaic at
this point. Screw my battery life, screw my Intel
card, screw this entire evening.

I leaving this message as a cautionary tale to a
future ski: Fuck Optimus, stop over-tweaking.

---
## [mozilla/gecko-dev](https://github.com/mozilla/gecko-dev)@[5f41a2f565...](https://github.com/mozilla/gecko-dev/commit/5f41a2f565dbed0d9c0da23a4fa4d8db091ff3de)
#### Friday 2020-08-21 03:42:39 by Doug Thayer

Bug 1658732 - Replace mStartupFinished with TryLock in StartupCache r=froydnj

To be honest, it's still a mystery why we observed a regression in
sessionrestore_no_auto_restore in bug 1658732. The regression won't reproduce
on profiled runs, and the bad recordings happen before the supposedly offending
code ever actually runs. It feels most likely that it is a more or less random
confluence of factors causing a regression; however, 33% is too large of a
number to ignore.

The changes in this patch do not seem to yield the same regression, and they
are arguably more correct anyway. Instead of simply turning off the cache after
startup is finished, we simply avoid blocking waiting for the write from inside
GetBuffer. This way, if the write is not getting in the way of GetBuffer, we
can still benefit from a cached version of whatever it is we're looking for.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D87221

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[3583e5b97a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3583e5b97a6ef59c4926140bb0502e26b49a9041)
#### Friday 2020-08-21 08:35:43 by Marko Grdinić

"9:55am. I am dead tired right now. Yesterday I went to bed earlier than usual, at 10pm, a time that can be considered regular. Then as I drifted in my thoughts I've been gripped by an intense feeling of longing.

I have my issues, and I have my regrets, but this feeling of longing made me think that I want my relationship to programming to be something more. One thing I am absolutely certain of is that I do not want to drag around this loser attitude.

Imagine if programming were wizardry.

A wizard would not regret not having money or respect, as long as he had arcane power. The feeling of studying magic would be enough of a reward for him.

That one day he might become powerful enough to become a god is enticing as a thought, but he does not dwell too much of that. Thinking about godhood is a distraction from the more rewarding everything day grind for power and understanding to him. If somebody came to him and showed him the future where he died prematurely to master the high tiers of spellcasting needed for that, he would not break and exchange studying magic for wordly pursuits like wine and women.

10:05am. I feel a longing to be like such a wizard in my imagination. I do not want to attach the importance of what I am doing because it will lead me to causing the Singularity or making money down the road.

I should be doing programming for its own sake. I should love its unbridled potential for its own sake.

Programming might not be wizardry (yet), but it is closest one will get to it in the real world. Somewhat ironically, it is closer to wizardry than wizardry itself, but it is also more fake. Today's games are fake, but I sometimes get echoes of reality in programming when investigating the limits of algorithms and languages. One day that echo will be reflected in highest forms of art as well.

10:15am. The effort I've put in the last 5.5 years, and the attitude I've effected has been nothing short of legendary. I did all the right things, for the wrong reason. I came (back) into programming from the other end, with the goals and intentions fully formed. I do owe a lot to those goals and the dream of Singualrity. But now I think it is time to accept that it would have been better if I were a programmer who discovered those things along the way, rather than a speculator changing classes midway to a programmer.

10:20am. It is the great irony that power is the reason for everything, but letting it define you is just arrogance.

I want to cultivate the ideal programmer's mindset. I do not want to have any weaknesses at all. I want my identity to be proper.

If I were a martial artist, it is fine that I spent 10 years living in the mountains tempering myself. No need to live in the ring getting punched and accumulating brain damage. It is okay to fight only when you've leved up enough. Once you have a high enough level, you get to the point where you are only dishing out damage and never taking it.

When you have those dynamics, the battles are a side note, and the life of self improvement is what is foremost and center.

10:25am. Seen for the past 5.5 years, my work ethic and focus might have been very high, but I should know the truth best of all. That I am a fake, and that I am going at this with the mindset of a degenrate gambler. I keep gambling my time. I keep putting 6 months on the table and never hitting my more ambitious goals.

10:30pm. The only thing I've ever succeeded at is getting better at programming.

Since that is my only success in life, I think I should accept my talent at it and make it my core. I do not want to bemoan my fate. I should not want the Inspired Desire just to do programming.

10:30am. Since I have such strong feelings today, how about I try to direct them into actual programming. I dealt with the typechecker and a new phase will start here.

As time goes on even the wizard will change."

---
## [davidmoncas/music_game](https://github.com/davidmoncas/music_game)@[9e375f2fab...](https://github.com/davidmoncas/music_game/commit/9e375f2fabe49e98a5bbfb990e2475957348c978)
#### Friday 2020-08-21 08:47:09 by David Montoya

fix bugs

- In the twitter share it should be “Bar Matchless”, not “Bar Matched”. And a space after “Bluepoint” before the URL
- In the intro, the videos are only playing once and not looping
- The line of dialogue after GB offers RG a beer should be “So you said there’s a show tonight? At Silent Barn?”. Right now that line is getting skipped
- If you leave the window once the game starts, the game keeps running but the music pauses, so when you return to the window the game is no longer in sync with the music. Can you make it so the game pauses as well when you switch windows?
- If I hit “play again” after submitting my score to the loser board, it restarts the game, but the screen is black
- Can we make the first boxes “I hope Matchless still has booze” and “Oh it looks like the tap is still hooked up….” 4 seconds, they feel a bit fast
- I think we need another 2 seconds for people to process what the instructions of the game before it starts. Can we also make the “Repeat the sequence with the arrow keys…” instructions flash in and out to get people to read?
- I think the time bar starts off a bit too fast. Can we start it off a little slower and have it accelerate?
- Can we make the arrow keys a little bigger
- Can we make the spilling beer and drinking animations a little longer? Maybe add 1 second to each
- Can we start the dialogue sooner after GB wakes up? The pause before dialogue is a bit too long as is
- Can we turn the “Red Guy” title text in the dialogue box red so its clearer who is talking?

---

# [<](2020-08-20.md) 2020-08-21 [>](2020-08-22.md)

