# [<](2020-01-11.md) 2020-01-12 [>](2020-01-13.md)

1,325,848 events, 748,161 push events, 1,061,834 commit messages, 69,957,579 characters


## [katubug/SlowDescent@7e20f120c6...](https://github.com/katubug/SlowDescent/commit/7e20f120c6215e76465bed140b50a8edeedfd248)
##### 2020-01-12 00:52:34 by Katu

Changes up to 1/11/20

=====Commit 14 [1/11/20]=====
Configs -
- New configs for: base, Pollution of the Realms, AttributeFix, Blur, CofH World, Fantastic Lib, Fragile Blocks, Katusleep, Mo Villages, Pollutant Pump, Set Bonus, Spawner Control, Too Many Clerics, Triumph, Villager Names, Waterworks,
- Made the Misty World Respirator function with Pollution of the Realms.
- Better Animations: dogs now roll over, villager noses no longer wiggle.
- BWM:
- HCArmor has been disabled because it doesn't work on modded armors.
- HCEnchanting has been disabled.
- HCStructures custom recipes have been disabled.
- Wool armor has been reenabled because I have a use for it. However, the recipes have been removed.
- Made pumpkin seeds inedible.
- Bloodmoon:
- Bloodmoon enemies now disappear after the sun rises.
- Ember Golems no longer spawn during Bloodmoons.
- Bloodmoon spawn limit multiplier has been slightly nerfed from 4 to 3.
- Bloodmoon enemies now spawn 10 blocks away instead of 2.
- Carryon now works with baby animals.
- Crafting Stations should no longer access Pyrotech's campfires.
- Created a Custom Main Menu w/ a multiplayer redirect warning.
- Turned off the config for Haunted Cows because using CarryOn on a cow would cause it to become Haunted 100% of the time, and it would also dupe the animal.
- Fish's Undead Rising:
- Glowshroom spawn rate has been reduced, and spread rate drastically reduced.
- Mimicrab spawn rates have been reduced.
- Parasite spawn rate has been reduced.
- Simplytea's Restful effect will now allow players to bypass insomnia.
- Removed the armor values and decreased the durability on BWM's wool armor so that it can be used as pajamas.
- Disabled the MiscTweaks' alteration of starvation damage, as it was preventing Parasites from dying.
- Reduced the spawn rate of Mutant Skeletons because hoo boy.
- OreCore:
- Emerald and lava crystal armor and tools have been disabled.
- Update checker has been disabled.
- Experience ores are disabled.
- Gravel ores are disabled.
- "Modded ores" ie copper, sapphire, etc are disabled.
- Coal veins no longer spawn in the Nether.
- Basalt, slate, and "marmor" (marble) are disabled.
- Compressed ores are disabled.
- Patchouli temporarily set to disable advancement locking and put into test mode.
- Project: Vibrant Journeys structures have been disabled because I thought they might be interfering with village generation.
- Quark: Guardian spawn groups have been slightly reduced.
- RandomTweaks' "disable potion icons" has been turned off.
- ScalingHealth's Blights are no longer immune to suffocation.
- Changed the appearance of the Simple World Timer. REVIEW I am not sure I need this mod anymore.
- Added the following drops to breaking spawners: Iron Ingots, Diamonds, Blaze Powder, Cookies, Prismarine Crystals, Goopaks, Creeper Oysters, Ember Shards, Golden Shards, Stone Torches, Efferfescent Ash, Heart Crystal Shards, Bandages, Chorus Teabags, Magma Shards, Skeleton Skulls, Creeper Heads, Zombie Heads.
- Spawners will now run out after 50 enemies instead of 100.
- Special AI no longer allows mobs to break chests.
- Splash.properties has been edited to match the main menu.
- TaN wool and jelled slime armors now give 2 temperature protection instead of one.
- Pajamas and Mud armor now give 1 temperature protection.
- Zombie Awareness changes now activate after 2 days instead of 0.

Armor Bonuses (Set Bonus) -
- Added the following armor to have potential bonuses: Diamond, Iron, Gold, Leather, Chainmail, Tanned Leather, Ashen, Niobium, Mud, Bone, BWM Wool.
- Diamond armor currently grants regeneration, but I plan to change this as I was just testing.
- Gold Armor now gives an increase in exp.
- Leather Armor now gives extra Knockback. Tanned Leather also gives knockback, but less because its durability is higher.
- Bone Armor now reduces fall damage.
- BWM Wool Armor has been changed to Pajamas, and provides the Restful effect.

Scripts -
- ExtraTaN's scripts were removed since we got rid of the mod.
- Deleted lines hiding BWM's wool armor.
- Disabled the TaN Collector Block in favor of Waterworks'.
- Created a recipe for nametags.
- Changed recipes for BWM wool armor/Pajamas.
- Disabled a ton of unwanted stuff from OreCore.

Lang -
- Zombie Villagers have been renamed to "Forsaken."
- Changed the "you may not sleep now" message from Katusleep to indicate correct conditions.
- Renamed BWM's Wool Armor to Pajamas.

ETC -
- Created a credits file to keep track of people I want to thank.

---
## [Savotta/Citadel-Station-13@b265959f2a...](https://github.com/Savotta/Citadel-Station-13/commit/b265959f2a0908beee85dd2a273477ac33103d78)
##### 2020-01-12 03:23:17 by Savotta

ports hShark snout from hyper-station-13

you people wouldn't know intelligent writing if it kicked you in the fucking nuts, you drooling retarded apes. i'm so FUCKIGN pissed. you are so fucking retarded, it's insane. i am stuck in a world filled with retards, and am being exiled from it for being the only shred of intelligent life found upon it. i just want somebody to listen to what the FUCK i have to say. nobody here is interested in intelligent discussion about topics that actually matter, they're only interested in erping with each other. disgusting fucking creatures. these people infuriate me to no end. why does nobody want to have a discussion? why does nobody want to talk about fuckign SHIT. THE ONLY TIME ANYONE EVER TALKSTO ME IS WHEN THEY WANT TO FUCKING ERP WITH ME!!! WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU FUCKING PEOPLE. I'VE HAD THE SAME FUCKNG GUY PDA MESSAGE ME EVERY DAY, ACTING ALL NICE AND SHIT, AND I KNOW IT'S JUST BECAUSE HE WANTS TO ERP!! THAT'S ALL ANY OF YOU PEOPLE FUCKING WANT. I'M TRYING TO HAVE SUBSTANCE-FILLED FUCKING CONVERSATION, AND ANALYZE MY FAVORITE SOUNDTRACK IN ALL OF GAMING HISTORY, AND YOU PEOPLE CAN'T GET YOUR HEADS OUT OF YOUR ASSES FOR 5 FUCKING SECONDS TO HOLD ANY MODICUM OF FUCKING RESPECT OR APPRECIATION FOR IT WHATSOEVER. FUCK YOU ALL. FUCK YOU. FUCK YOU.

---
## [boomerstation/boomerstation@fa3d609436...](https://github.com/boomerstation/boomerstation/commit/fa3d6094363356c666dab47bace5ab0fcd96bcb5)
##### 2020-01-12 04:20:44 by LemonInTheDark

Makes grounding rods consistent, changes the supermatters bolts a great deal. (#48472)

* Goof I will find you and I will berate you

holy hell

Calm and peaceful ahhhhh

I swear goofs pc failing was the biggest tragedy in gaming

Fixes some flags

More touchups

Now to squash

Goofs PC failing was the biggest tragady in GAMING

* Fixing some misspellings before the bee gets me

* GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF

* Full vehicle support

* Changes some flags around, "fixes" some bugs, makes being shocked less insane

* Makes spliting more reasonable, unfucks some shitty tesla code I copypasta'd into the sm, godspeed shitcode,
none noticed you.

* Removes my tesla_ignore_1 fix, another pr is up that should solve things, so we're just leaving it in for now,
gonna have to deal with merge conflicts when it gets merged, but that won't be too bad

* tfw

* Nothing to see here folks

* I'm a boomer

---
## [mortezadadgar/bullhead@b91020017e...](https://github.com/mortezadadgar/bullhead/commit/b91020017e907b2ce58223c7f853129b2b2b46d4)
##### 2020-01-12 14:01:16 by Paul E. McKenney

fs/sync: Make sync() satisfy many requests with one invocation

Dave Jones reported RCU stalls, overly long hrtimer interrupts, and
amazingly long NMI handlers from a trinity-induced workload involving
lots of concurrent sync() calls (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/23/369).
There are any number of things that one might do to make sync() behave
better under high levels of contention, but it is also the case that
multiple concurrent sync() system calls can be satisfied by a single
sys_sync() invocation.

Given that this situation is reminiscent of rcu_barrier(), this commit
applies the rcu_barrier() approach to sys_sync().  This approach uses
a global mutex and a sequence counter.  The mutex is held across the
sync() operation, which eliminates contention between concurrent sync()
operations.  The counter is incremented at the beginning and end of
each sync() operation, so that it is odd while a sync() operation is in
progress and even otherwise, just like sequence locks.

The code that used to be in sys_sync() is now in do_sync(), and sys_sync()
now handles the concurrency.  The sys_sync() function first takes a
snapshot of the counter, then acquires the mutex, and then takes another
snapshot of the counter.  If the values of the two snapshots indicate that
a full do_sync() executed during the mutex acquisition, the sys_sync()
function releases the mutex and returns ("Our work is done!").  Otherwise,
sys_sync() increments the counter, invokes do_sync(), and increments
the counter again.

This approach allows a single call to do_sync() to satisfy an arbitrarily
large number of sync() system calls, which should eliminate issues due
to large numbers of concurrent invocations of the sync() system call.

Changes since v1 (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/24/683):

o	Add a pair of memory barriers to keep the increments from
	bleeding into the do_sync() code.  (The failure probability
	is insanely low, but when you have several hundred million
	devices running Linux, you can expect several hundred instances
	of one-in-a-million failures.)

o	Actually CC some people who have experience in this area.

Reported-by: Dave Jones <davej@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Alexander Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Cc: Jan Kara <jack@suse.cz>
Cc: Curt Wohlgemuth <curtw@google.com>
Cc: Jens Axboe <jaxboe@fusionio.com>
Cc: linux-fsdevel@vger.kernel.org

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

---
## [0026/JSON-turbo-parser-pro@246a647c61...](https://github.com/0026/JSON-turbo-parser-pro/commit/246a647c61950425872f9556998fced199e0da22)
##### 2020-01-12 19:36:44 by Kitax

SHREK
                         Once upon a time there was a lovely
                         princess. But she had an enchantment
                         upon her of a fearful sort which could
                         only be broken by love's first kiss.
                         She was locked away in a castle guarded
                         by a terrible fire-breathing dragon.
                         Many brave knights had attempted to
                         free her from this dreadful prison,
                         but non prevailed. She waited in the
                         dragon's keep in the highest room of
                         the tallest tower for her true love
                         and true love's first kiss. (laughs)
                         Like that's ever gonna happen. What
                         a load of - (toilet flush)

               Allstar - by Smashmouth begins to play. Shrek goes about his
               day. While in a nearby town, the villagers get together to go
               after the ogre.

               NIGHT - NEAR SHREK'S HOME

                                     MAN1
                         Think it's in there?

                                     MAN2
                         All right. Let's get it!

                                     MAN1
                         Whoa. Hold on. Do you know what that
                         thing can do to you?

                                     MAN3
                         Yeah, it'll grind your bones for it's
                         bread.

               Shrek sneaks up behind them and laughs.

                                     SHREK
                         Yes, well, actually, that would be a
                         giant. Now, ogres, oh they're much worse.
                         They'll make a suit from your freshly
                         peeled skin.

                                     MEN
                         No!

                                     SHREK
                         They'll shave your liver. Squeeze the
                         jelly from your eyes! Actually, it's
                         quite good on toast.

                                     MAN1
                         Back! Back, beast! Back! I warn ya!
                         (waves the torch at Shrek.)

               Shrek calmly licks his fingers and extinguishes the torch. The
               men shrink back away from him. Shrek roars very loudly and long
               and his breath extinguishes all the remaining torches until the
               men are in the dark.

                                     SHREK
                         This is the part where you run away.
                         (The men scramble to get away. He laughs.)
                         And stay out! (looks down and picks
                         up a piece of paper. Reads.) "Wanted.
                         Fairy tale creatures."(He sighs and
                         throws the paper over his shoulder.)

---
## [HelpSeeker/Restricted-WebM@308e1a5e0a...](https://github.com/HelpSeeker/Restricted-WebM/commit/308e1a5e0a42345f28a566c37ee804bf81fd6382)
##### 2020-01-12 23:04:47 by HelpSeeker

Switch to argparse for command-line parsing

I do not like argparse. In fact, you could say I hate it. It works well
enough if all you do is assign values to variables, but as soon as you
want to do something more advanced (e.g. slightly customized help
messages or - god forbid - custom actions) it gets tedious to work with.
But I also have to be realistic here. Manual parsing just doesn't scale
well, especially with a language that doesn't provide case statements.
Of course the always looming threat of a forgotten value check in
check_options() wasn't great either.

So I bit the bullet and switched to argparse.

The original Options class (now with a different name) is still present,
mainly because I want all defaults at the very beginning of the script,
so that they are readily available. The advanced option defaults are now
in parse_cli() though.
Unfortunately I still have to do some additional option checking, since
some pitfalls can only be detected after all options are set. Sometimes
it's also not worth it to introduce a new type function, so that
argparse can check on assignment, when it only applies to one option.
Wouldn't it be amazing, if you could just pass argparse a condition,
instead of having to define a new type?

On a side note, this commit also removes the --no-color flag, as it
didn't disable colorized output for default error messages and would
leave your terminal output colorized in case of such a message.

---

# [<](2020-01-11.md) 2020-01-12 [>](2020-01-13.md)

