# [<](2020-09-17.md) 2020-09-18 [>](2020-09-19.md)

2,890,929 events, 1,656,143 push events, 2,325,599 commit messages, 148,794,801 characters


## [cherryramatis/vim-sorcerer](https://github.com/cherryramatis/vim-sorcerer)@[886021516e...](https://github.com/cherryramatis/vim-sorcerer/commit/886021516e97ef2186c560970a8b2ae16adfc73b)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 00:09:01 by cherryramatis

Making netrw toggleable

I use netrw as my default file manager(planning to switch to defx but
I'm not that happy yet, I'll keep with netrw) and I really hate not be
able to quit netrw since I can open quickly with `vim-vinegar`, now this
is fixed (thank god)

---
## [MicroSource/uSource](https://github.com/MicroSource/uSource)@[374e38512e...](https://github.com/MicroSource/uSource/commit/374e38512ee95de3a69f1bed3890d0bf9717725d)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 00:13:13 by Jeremy Lorelli

DONT BUILD RCS YOU FUCKING DUMB FUCKING ASSHOLE FUCK YOU

---
## [mx6/Employee_Summary_Template_Engine](https://github.com/mx6/Employee_Summary_Template_Engine)@[a69dcb29d3...](https://github.com/mx6/Employee_Summary_Template_Engine/commit/a69dcb29d3547dc8283a0d6b3f062098435d3554)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 01:36:05 by Matthew Adamson

Delete output

not the right kind of file I wanted.  Fuck you git.

---
## [letoram/arcan](https://github.com/letoram/arcan)@[dfc0039b6a...](https://github.com/letoram/arcan/commit/dfc0039b6a9e6a28b3bc995d2a2e8a350aec6dd4)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 04:58:17 by bjornstahl

(build) temporarily disable -Wdeprecation

The annoying ffmpeg encode deprecation warnings had got to go as they
got in the way of absolutely everything.

In true ffmpeg fashion, the changes to the api are basically such that
we need to rewrite almost everything, and that won't happen this release
window. It will likely be a while longer until they can touch the deprecated
functions (heck initially they were marked deprecated even before the
alternative was there, provide factory wrappers already for god's sake).

Nothing else should be vulnerable to deprecation, so suck this up for
the time being and next time around rework encode to keep ffmpeg as an
optional dependency and do some damage control.

---
## [Xandertron/mindustry-client](https://github.com/Xandertron/mindustry-client)@[bb9edb6476...](https://github.com/Xandertron/mindustry-client/commit/bb9edb64765998e1506d427ab0a5ab43b2014abe)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 05:27:10 by Xandertron

Update Platform.java

how the fuck do comments work and why

fuck you

---
## [stfenjobs/djoser](https://github.com/stfenjobs/djoser)@[4ebdc10add...](https://github.com/stfenjobs/djoser/commit/4ebdc10add211cb238002fcc79a7cf8409d99825)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 08:50:50 by github

Fix for Friendly tips when Missing SOCIAL_AUTH_ALLOWED_REDIRECT_URIS

i forget add SOCIAL_AUTH_ALLOWED_REDIRECT_URIS to my config

it return 400 error, i don't know why ,  i pay more time find the issues

so  i add Friendly tips

-- sorry  , my english is not well

and thank you all

---
## [Drazcmd/ViralPurpurs](https://github.com/Drazcmd/ViralPurpurs)@[3c81f9dc01...](https://github.com/Drazcmd/ViralPurpurs/commit/3c81f9dc0114d0662dd08ddffd71ace9bd3073e5)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 09:16:52 by Clayton Drazner

Fixed broken predicate AND-ing. host tag, and redefined flowers / buds

1. I wasn't negating the sub-terms properly, so the predicates were not actually doing the 'simulated AND' correctly
2. Predicate for 'host' was checking if the block was tagged a virus, not a host. oops.
3. Decided to adjust setup in order to take advantage of the cool look of crying obsidian, plus make it harder for a player to 'cure' infections.:

Now 'buds' are crying obsidian that touch purpur on any of its faces. And 'flowers' are carpets on top of buds that are on top of the viruses (meaning that it's a 'top' bud of the 6 surrounding faces on the virus).

End behavior should be a cool 'shell' of crying obsidian grown around virus blocks. Haven't decided if I want it to be more like an 'exoskeleton' for entire swathes or more like a cool patchwork effect, though I'm right now leaning towards the latter.
Can implement it either way by adjusting how crying obsidian appears - if it only grows to fill air spaces, then it'd be more like an exoskeleton. If I however instead make 'infections' a process where virus creates buds, and buds infect hosts to make more viruses, I'd potentially get cool efects. Like if you have one virus block being a 'core', it grows crying obsidian around that one block. Whioch in the end gives a really awesome looking 'pathwork' effect where players see mostly crying obsidian, and to clear infections need to mine through the shell to clear out the inner virus block. Though this might be rather obnoxious to clean up for the players.... Hmm. Something to think about

Might in the future want to make it consider any purple carpet on buds to be 'flowers' rather than requiring it to be the 'top' bud.  Should be pretty easy to do honestly if I just replace the current checks with one that looks to see if the below block passes the is_virus_bud predicate (rathjer than checking block tags)

Also tweaked readme since I don't think we can choose items from a list of tags when deciding what blocks to place. If the 'spawning'/infecting part might be hardcoded to place these blocks then just changing the tags won't be enough to make other types of blocks 'viral'.

---
## [KCknows/CocoaPods](https://github.com/KCknows/CocoaPods)@[ab35018e01...](https://github.com/KCknows/CocoaPods/commit/ab35018e01f0c923d879f8c4a4ee39cce712d630)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 09:23:30 by KCknows

Create Relief

Do you guys remember that this is a actuall life? and why can just anybody add a Code or action to her life? I Do yu realize what this is doing to her kids and her relasionship? ITS DESTOYING IT. or have you all been to wrapped up in yur own lives to even notice? Fix her life now, she deserves to be happy and care free with her kids and family and someone who loves her for her and understands her and who she is attracted to 1000% which would be someone she has not met yet, obviously. And you also have to make her Dad not sick and her parents live a long happy life. PLEASE

---
## [jeffreyladd/DSharpPlus](https://github.com/jeffreyladd/DSharpPlus)@[8a7f6786fc...](https://github.com/jeffreyladd/DSharpPlus/commit/8a7f6786fcaefe180a0b7723a9c1c08dec0303f8)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 13:53:02 by Luke Triano

Improved logging article.

This took way fucking longer than it should have (days!)

I originally intended to fix up the formatting, but ended up rewriting the whole damn thing. Sorry, Jeff :(

Some parts of this are a bit rough; I'll take another pass later.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9a559599a7...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9a559599a73e6e5a444b279980b6a10ebc89b0a2)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 15:06:24 by Marko Grdinić

"4:15pm. Ok, I had some time to think.

```fs
        let inline rawv (r,name) on_succ =
            match v_term env name with
            | None -> errors.Add(r,UnboundVariable)
            | Some (TySymbol "<real>") -> errors.Add(r,RealFunctionInTopDown)
            | Some a ->
                match a with TyForall -> annotations.Add(x,(r,s)) | _ -> ()
                hover_types.Add(r,s)
                let l,v = forall_subst_all a
                type_apply_args.Add(name,l)
                on_succ v
```

This seems really bad at first glance, but I only really need to repropagate the recursive vars. That makes things a lot easier.

At first I thought I would need to annotate everything, and do the whole nonsense with the top level environment and having separate local envs. But that is wrong.

As it turns out, I only really need a term env for local recursive statements. I add recursive statements to it, but otherwise I just remove from it, on patterns for example.

If the name is not in the env, I just fill in based on info `type_apply_args.Add(name,l)` here, but otherwise...

...my thoughts reach an end here.

I am not sure. I know that if I follow the scheme I will in fact have the true type with the minimum of effort.

4:30pm.

```fs
            | Some a ->
                match a with TyForall -> annotations.Add(x,(r,s)) | _ -> ()
                hover_types.Add(r,s)
                let f a = let l,v = forall_subst_all a in on_succ v; l
                let l = f a
                type_apply_args.Add(name,(l,f))
```

How about I go with this?

Yeah, this is good. Ok.

4:30pm.

```fs
    let generalized_statements = Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
    let type_apply_args = Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
    let annotations = Dictionary<obj,_>(HashIdentity.Reference)
```

For generalized statements rather than just the forall names, let me get this types explicitly.

```fs
                        let gen env : Env =
                            let t = generalize vars body_var
                            generalized_statements.Add(body,t)
```

I did the same in `inl`.

Now let me take a look at fill again. I'll pass in the local term env explicitly.

```fs
        | RawV(r,n) ->
            match Map.tryFind n rec_term with
            | None -> fst type_apply_args.[n]
            | Some t -> t |> snd type_apply_args.[n]
            |> List.fold (fun s x -> RawApply(r,s,RawType(r,t_to_rawtexpr r x))) x
```

This should be something like so.

```fs
        | RawRecBlock(r,l,on_succ) ->
            let has_foralls = List.exists (function (_,RawForall _) -> true | _ -> false) l
            if has_foralls then RawRecBlock(r,List.map (fun (a,b) -> a, f b) l,f on_succ)
            else
                let rec_term = List.fold (fun s ((_,name),b) -> Map.add name generalized_statements.[b] s) rec_term l
                let l = List.map (fun (a,b) -> a, fill_foralls (fst a) (term rec_term b)) l
                RawRecBlock(r,l,f on_succ)
```

The else case here has some new stuff.

Lastly, I need to take care of the patterns.

```fs
        | RawMatch(r'',(RawForall _ | RawFun _) & body,[PatVar(r,name), on_succ]) ->
            let _,body = foralls_get body
            RawMatch(r'',fill_foralls r body,[PatVar(r,name), term (Map.remove name rec_term) on_succ])
```

Can't forget to remove here.

4:55pm.

```fs
let clauses l = List.map (fun (a, b) -> let rec_term,a = pattern rec_term a in a,term rec_term b) l
```

```fs
        | RawMatch(r,a,b) -> RawMatch(r,f a,clauses b)
        | RawFun(r,a) -> RawAnnot(r,RawFun(r,clauses a),annot r x)
```

```fs
    and pattern rec_term x =
        let mutable rec_term = rec_term
        let rec f = function
            | PatFilledDefaultValue -> failwith "Compiler error: PatDefaultValueFilled should not appear in fill."
            | PatValue | PatSymbol | PatE | PatB -> x
            | PatVar(r,name) as x -> rec_term <- Map.remove name rec_term; x
            // ...
        rec_term, f x
```

5pm. This is gold. I managed to squeeze this in without necessarily having to implement a whole another pass.

This really took some thought.

5:05pm. Do I feel like doing the top level right now? Or do I want to spend some time on that paper?

Let me go for the paper. I am not sure if I can squeeze the top level into the next hour properly and I feel that if I continue, I will feel rushed.

The paper is what I should go to here as I already don't feel like continuing."

---
## [Tashfinz/laravel-test](https://github.com/Tashfinz/laravel-test)@[a16114473c...](https://github.com/Tashfinz/laravel-test/commit/a16114473cb9105b2c073e81b867b2ad685f7d88)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 17:14:50 by tashfinz

tash-laravel-test

# Tash's Pain Point Notes

- I was able to get as far as up to task 8.

- From the beginning of the project my biggest struggle was trying to get mysql integrated into my command line as that was my comfort zone when using sql via the command line.
  I went as far as to modify my php.ini file and uncomment the PDO command that disabled the use of mysql via command line.

- This was gradually draining too much time on my project and decided to develop via homestead and develop the application on a vm running ubuntu.

- After acomplishing this installing node package manager globally had it's own obstacles as sudo npm global install --cross env wasn't enough and I had to dig deeper into the internet
  to finally come to the solution of installing npm on my virtual machine with no binary links.

- Fortunately I've managed to install npm on my virtual machine.

- The tasks itself presented little to no trouble. Establishing the relationship between Questionnaires was straight forward, however eager loading was a new concept
  I had to implement and found the documentation from Laravel to have been easy to understand. I usually use lazy loading, however this project has taught me the resourcefulness of
  eager loading and I will continue to consider this procedure for future projects.

- The third task was simple to implement a column and migrate it to a table, however was unsure how to utilise the order key in the way you intended to use it to order the questions.

- Creating seeders was a concept i've used and been familiar with and unfortunately was unable to create commands to produce three unique questionnaires and unfortunately resorted to
  for looping the same questionnaire which isn't quite the same as you had requested but was the only was for me to push forward.

- Development server was not needed with my environment as I used the virtual machines network to have a mapped address for my development environment with the configuration of my yaml file.

- The last task of using slugs had its own difficulty as many people have their own package of slugs and some packages didn't support laravel 7. I feel I've managed to implement it successfully however given more time I feel I would have been able to refine it better than what I've already had.

- Attempted to install bootstrap front-end, however I had run into newer issues with npm, as ubuntu compatability is not as stable as windows or macos from my experience.

- Lastly I've enjoyed taking part in this test, unfortunately with my time in the office going into overtime for refactoring older development projects from prior developers. This particular job had not only sucked up time but further time that I would have spent on this project at home. With the obstacles and troubles I had this reduced my time in developing significantly. However I've developed a simular application in the past in my repository called laravel-survey if you could consider looking.

- I greatly appreciate the oppurtunity you had given me to prove myself and thank you very much for giving me this test to help me reflect on what I need to work on for the forseeable future as junior developer.

Best Regards

Tashfin

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[d6fc8d38ec...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/d6fc8d38ec0f8951693bde33f03ca8d9b53f1693)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 20:11:28 by Terry N. Muse

spirit champ
 separate iframes for body and hands
 life slightly reduced
 damage very slightly increased
 has a phase 2 at 66% life that does the following:
  crossbone tornados alternate predictive and direct aim, also does slightly faster attacks here
  during grab, shoots spectre bolts at you
  during swords, shoots rings of hands
  during shield, drops crossbones
 actually getting grabbed will produce spectre orbs that HEAL SPIRIT CHAMP
 returns to normal attack pattern after last stand (cannot do last stand again)
 TEST IN MP THAT HE DOESNT GLITCH OUT SOMEHOW WITH LAST STAND THING
sigil of champions is sprited
life champ is sprited (POG)
heart of the eternal animation
removed deviantt presence, several of devi's attacks ignore creepers instead
sandnados ignore creepers too now

---
## [abbielms/Big_Data_Challenge_2020](https://github.com/abbielms/Big_Data_Challenge_2020)@[97988c303a...](https://github.com/abbielms/Big_Data_Challenge_2020/commit/97988c303ac25a9d5dd14c85b716c35f75e7f615)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 21:38:22 by Temitayo-Adedipe

Add files via upload

Untitled is just my code
And the hackathon much be in the first folder you see in the github or it doesnt work. Sorry it so late and not that great

---
## [acrose99/HistoryOfComputing](https://github.com/acrose99/HistoryOfComputing)@[69298c49de...](https://github.com/acrose99/HistoryOfComputing/commit/69298c49de0a5dddf972624748e4489609fbfe7a)
#### Friday 2020-09-18 23:47:53 by Alexander Rose

I did some hack fraud state work.

Oh god oh fuck I have no idea what I'm doing, Z U C C please save me from this disgrace called life

---

# [<](2020-09-17.md) 2020-09-18 [>](2020-09-19.md)

