# [<](2020-01-13.md) 2020-01-14 [>](2020-01-15.md)

2,156,485 events, 1,067,085 push events, 1,701,394 commit messages, 127,798,690 characters


## [KeinR/Lyfe](https://github.com/KeinR/Lyfe)@[e871b026ba...](https://github.com/KeinR/Lyfe/commit/e871b026ba3021a250d53017da4535a3fd4bfa94)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 05:24:04 by Kein

Cool so that's bio & English out of the way

There are two types of slackers: those who admit it, and those who claim they'll do the work and, even if they do, give extremely low results. That's what I have to deal with in AP English. No names of course, but he's made so may promises and delivered only like 10% of what I've asked. For reference, I've done probally 90% of the work so far. This last weekend I asked him to come up with only two counters and two Q&A answers, and you know what he does? He scrapes together enough in the morning before school and at lunch so that when I confronted him he was like "Oh no, I did do it".

Like bro, please.
I really don't want to have to carry us. But hey, it's what I get for not making friends.

Anyways, peace out~

---
## [ixm-one/ixm](https://github.com/ixm-one/ixm)@[798670c547...](https://github.com/ixm-one/ixm/commit/798670c54725d1d1fab0ea1e1f827d1b2d2f2ef6)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 07:34:00 by Isabella Muerte

♻ Refactor most of ixm_check_common_symbol into ixm_check_code

  I'm still feeling a bit uneasy about just how much logic is put into
  this one command. The CMake equivalents are *not great*, but we are
  able to pull of some better checks by doing it this way. At the same
  time, I'm still on edge and wonder if maybe (just maybe...) this
  entire set of code should be ripped out, replaced with the various
  `Check<LANG>` builtin CMake commands, with some additional work so
  that we do have the ability to check command line parameters?
  Typically, if I wanted to check some complex code compiled, I'd
  probably just put it into a file and then run it through a command or
  something similar... It's all a mess, honestly. I might just cut this
  subsystem before alpha and have it return later. I *rarely* need to
  use it for configuration stuff like this beyond configure headers and
  even then, we don't have that part automatically setup. :(

♻ Refactor component generation in Coven blueprint

  This did greatly simplify the work needed for IXM, such that the lines
  for each component are only a few. I didn't try to "simplify" it
  further because then I have to handle additional logic for things like
  pluralization and that just drives me up a dang wall. Hardest part of
  writing decent CMake is knowing when to call it quits, and that's
  where I'm drawing the line

🔥 Removed some code regarding the CMake MSVC runtime.

  Since we're bumping the minimum version to 3.16 (I'm going to die mad
  about this 😤), this code is no longer needed.

⚠ Briefly disabled the coven_package_init() command

  Packaging (and installing!) targets is not actually fleshed out. Some
  more work is also needed to make sure the generated library and
  program names 'make sense' when exported into a find_package file.

  We also need to decide on "default names" for the different components
  that haven't already been named. I reckon using "Runtime" for any
  executables, "Development" for the library. These component names
  won't actually affect the *entire* project structure but it's being
  done to make installers work better. It won't matter much when Coven
  is divorced from CMake entirely and is its own build system (users can
  specify that in their config file, after all)

Getting documentationg generation is still on the TODO, but that will
hopefully be targeted soon :D

---
## [MatthewDwyer/botman](https://github.com/MatthewDwyer/botman)@[0cf0cf7f8c...](https://github.com/MatthewDwyer/botman/commit/0cf0cf7f8c1c350100e61327ad163d6b8b8d379e)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 08:50:09 by Smegz0r

Bug fixes, more panel support, new commands

First off we have lost a friend at the beginning of 2020.  KenJustKen has passed away.  I hid a note in the code near a bot feature that was important to him.  I know this because he bugged me about it a lot until I relented and made some changes. xD
Wherever you are now Ken, I am sure that you are still watching :O

The admin command '/bases' now shows base protection.

Fixed a bug that prevented admins setting a base for another player with /setbase {player}

Tweaked how the bot sets up and starts using Alloc's web API.  It should be a lot better at that now.

Added help for the dig command.  You've always been able to swap a block for another block but the help didn't mention this.

Added clan command support..
/set max clans {number of clans} - Sets the maximum number of clans allowed.
/set max clan players {number of players} - Set the maximum number of players a clan can have.
/set min clan level {player level} - Set the minimum player level required to join a clan.
/enable/disable clans - Enable or disable the clan feature in the Botman mod.

Added support for some of the reset regions commands in the Botman mod (this is a work in progress) - more updates to follow.
/enable/disable reset regions - Enable or disable the Botman mod's reset regions feature.
This is very similar to the bot's reset zones except that they are limited to whole regions and can actually reset the region or just prefabs or just remove claims. (requires the harmony.dll which must be installed in the folder 7Daystodieserver_data/managed).
/reset regions remove/leave claims (default is leave claims) - Reset regions can remove or leave claim blocks.

Some fixes to the bot's arena game.  It should work better though I've had some new reports so we'll see.

Tweaked the chat parser to fix some issues that mostly turned out to be mod issues. That drove me insane for quite a while :O
Also the ability to teleport to a friend by typing their name eg /joe has been replaced with /visit joe (or alternatively /goto joe).  This was done to fix issues with player names occasionally clashing with commands in other managers/mods and occasionally clashes in the bot.
Note that if a player tries to teleport to a friend the old way, the bot will tell them unknown command, then it will tell them the new way to teleport to friends.

The idle kicker's timer can now be set and also it can be told to kick any time, not just when the server is full.

Fixed a command clash between /spawn and /spawn horde.  There were some other tweaks to lobby and spawn but I am not sure if those are finished or not.

The command /invite {player} has changed to /irc invite {player}

When clearing all reset zones, the bot now tells the botman mod to forget them all as well.  Ooops!

Adding and removing reset zones also adds them via the botman mod (if installed).

Added /set idle kick {seconds} (default 900. 15 minutes) - How many seconds a player can be idle for before being kicked from the server. Does not include joining players that have not spawned yet.

Added /allow/disallow idling (allowed is default) - If idle kick is enabled the default is to only kick idle players when the server is full. By setting disallow idling, players can be kicked for idling any time.

Added /visit map command which has several variations..
/visit map
/visit map x1 z1 x2 z2
/visit map range {distance}
/visit map stop
Make the server explore the map while you hit up some zombie chicks.
If you add the optional word 'check' at the end of the command it will also check chunk density.
To visit the entire map do not include coordinates or a range.

The admin command '/tp' can now teleport admins to the middle of a region.
/tp region {region X} {region Z}

The cooldown for waypoints is halved for donors.

More bot support for the web panel has been added with more to come.  Soon the panel will be able to show a list of who is playing right now on the server.

Fixed a bug with restoring a specific player from a bot backup.

Major overhaul of the bot's database maintenance code to fix an issue with newer versions of MariaDB and MySQL being more strict about SQL stuff.  The bot should work in old and new releases of the database engines equally well.

Fixed a bug with saving a player record.  Kinda important that that works. It was tripping up on a new field type that I added (date).

Fixed a bug causing the shop to not index shop items giving them all the same item code.

Tweaks to the bot's startup code for debugging and the api.

The /return cooldown is half for donors.

The bot doesn't send the mem command anymore.  It can crash servers.

Attempted to fix a bug that randomly causes the bot to think players are new again when they are not and it resets some stuff.  This is caused by what I think is a Pimps bug.  Occasionally the Inf player joined line has a rogue new line character in it which causes the line to split.  I say attempted because I am still getting reports that this is happening.  Welp back to pub er.. drawing board.

In IRC the bot doesn't report disconnecting players that didn't join (such as banned players). So you can no longer watch them attempting to join over and over fruitlessly.

The /pack command cooldown is halved for donors.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[3c0be4c2a8...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3c0be4c2a803254e939af7c0adbf7a22ca14cf72)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 08:59:43 by Marko Grdinić

"9:30am. I am up. Yesterday after I stopped, the whole pattern matching issue had me so disturbed that I could not really enjoy myself so I went to bed (on time) instead.

Really, it is amazing that I wasn't even aware of the external/internal split.

9:45am. Ah, whatever. I think I am getting a grasp on this now.

TODO: `inline_` the union pattern.
TODO: Add boxing annotation to `inl`.
TODO: Extend syntax in module open to support renaming.
TODO: Remove the forall restriction in the parser.

Here are my todos from yesterday. I'll get on them later. Right now I feel like continuing my vacationing indefinitely.

I'll up my efforts once I finish the first half of the language. And if not, I am going to up it when I am done with it. Once I catch up where I was in 2018 and start breaking new ground, that will motivate me to really give it my all.

It is the final stretch here till the Singularity.

Spiral v0.2 is going to be the most I will ever contribute to the global pool as a human so I intend to do a good job. Beyond that, any contribution worth making would involve even more ground up work that I do not have the time or power to do.

I did not think it would be like this. I did not think I would work on a language for so long, or that in the end I would end up betting it on all on evolutionary algorithms as science. My powers as human are just so limited. I do not want to be a monkey, but going even a single level beyond just takes such vast effort that the level beyond that is completely out of my reach.

It would all be so easy for a superhuman, but I myself have to constantly face my own limitations.

Nevertheless, this will work. The story is am trying to spin makes sense based on the circumstance. I gave it my all and as a result, I can definitely see more than I did in 2015. The last 1.5 years did not fundamentally break my plan. I just need to refine it a little.

I will do Spiral v0.2 and hopefully some better hardware will come out in this decade that will actually allow me to do large scale RL. Better algorithms will be found eventually as well.

For the sake of power, my life and the future, I will do this. I swear it on my desire.

I will elevate evolution to a science."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[2af119fb90...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/2af119fb90d80152edad6b495ef3a67d5a0ce423)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 13:04:52 by Marko Grdinić

"This was a good rant, but now let me slack.

https://vdare.com/articles/eugenic-or-dysgenic-would-world-war-iii-raise-or-lower-iqs

War being eugenic and dysgenic is a question I've been wondering about for a while. Generally, I would assume it would be eugenic if the weak get genocided, but genocide is not in fashion these days. The US might have laid waste to the middle east, but even so it only really tanked their technological base rather than nuked the population. For the eugenic effects to manifest, the fight needs to be to the atrocious, bitter end. It won't happen.

That story which refuses to play out in the age cameras has been pushed to the individual actors.

10:10am. 'Survival of the fittest is survival of the smartest in primitive societies.' Meh. It is true, but this was fairly obvious to me already. I still keep up with these kinds of articles, but rightwing media is sorrow itself.

They talk about intelligence, but if they were really serious they would bet it all on AI research rather than engage in the general kind of larping that they do.

Even 'rationalists' (which aren't right wing in general) succumbed to the sweet lure of alarmism. Why do real work when you can jack morality itself to do your bidding? This is what 'smart' people invest in these days.

Imagine a world when 'waking up' meant 'working on AI'. Where technological progress was backed by adherents following the axiom of power. Where intelligence is not a matter of words, but of battle. A world where the glass of intelligence is not just slowly sipped, but quaffed all the way without hesitation.

In that world, I do not think I could win as there would be smarter, more capable versions of myself everywhere, but I would not have this pervasive sense of loneliness that I do now.

Looking at the world, it is more of the case the it is drawn into the maw of Singularity, rather than actively trying to move towards it. The right is sorrow, the left is nothing. Just where is one to find hope, other than one's own effort? The world is asleep and even those working on AI are not yet awake.

The work on AI is not really work in the truest sense of the word, until those working on it can think of it as alive. It is easy to fiddle with evolution like they are doing now. It will get harder once their reality starts getting invaded and progress necessitates becoming a part of that process. At that point the people will start dropping out of the race and the excesses will get drained both from ML and science itself.

12:25pm. Done with breakfast. Let me play for a bit more, do the chores, and then I will resume.

1:50pm. Done with chores. It is time that I get serious.

Yesterday I stumbled a bit, and today rather than moving on, I am going to need to go back a bit and do some cleaning up. My flow got disrupted, and I need to go from the top once more to see if everything is accounted for.

1:55pm. I won't do anything big today, let just go through the TODOs.

TODO: `inline_` the union pattern.
TODO: Add boxing annotation to `inl`.
TODO: Extend syntax in module open to support renaming.
TODO: Remove the forall restriction in the parser.

I put in the forall restriction in the parser directly, but now that I have constraints and dependent constraints, and who knows what else in the future, it would better to leave dealing with these kinds of error in partial evaluator.

2:05pm. Let me commit this and I will get to work. Right now I am getting distracted by stray thoughts."

---
## [newstools/2020-sundiata-post](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post)@[3e6bfc5f8e...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post/commit/3e6bfc5f8eb7b55aac8adf93b288eeffb63ea16e)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 14:34:48 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [sundiatapost.com/man-lies-to-girlfriend-about-attending-brothers-wedding-which-ended-up-being-his-wedding-with-another-lady/]

---
## [Porridge34/pset-7](https://github.com/Porridge34/pset-7)@[cea66cc20d...](https://github.com/Porridge34/pset-7/commit/cea66cc20da09abbdc45b0d05e70a7081a3b67bb)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 15:47:43 by Ivy Ng

According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little. Barry! Breakfast is ready! Ooming! Hang on a second. Hello? - Barry? - Adam? - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up. Looking sharp. Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those. Sorry. I'm excited. Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son. A perfect report card, all B's. Very proud. Ma! I got a thing going here. - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me! - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye! Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry. - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation. Never thought I'd make it. Three days grade school, three days high school. Those were awkward. Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive. You did come back different. - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good. - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah. - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going. Everybody knows, sting someone, you die. Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead. I guess he could have just gotten out of the way. I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day. That's why we don't need vacations. Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances. - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are! - Bee-men. - Amen! Hallelujah! Students, faculty, distinguished bees, please welcome Dean Buzzwell. Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of... ...9:15. That concludes our ceremonies. And begins your career at Honex Industries! Will we pick ourjob today? I heard it's just orientation. Heads up! Here we go. Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times. - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary. Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco and a part of the Hexagon Group. This is it! Wow. Wow. We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life. Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive. Our top-secret formula is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured into this soothing sweet syrup with its distinctive golden glow you know as... Honey! - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin! - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins. - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we

---
## [lildude/sync-wp-to-static](https://github.com/lildude/sync-wp-to-static)@[779f87982d...](https://github.com/lildude/sync-wp-to-static/commit/779f87982d25ae3f6493cd751df4a263da2691f7)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 17:13:46 by Colin Seymour

Make it an invokable script

... entirely untested cos me and my 🐘 are in the air over 🇨🇦- we can see Mount Babel - without wifi 😭- I bet no one reads this. If you do, Ellis 🐘 @BearSeymours would love a shoutout. He's sad cos there's no custard  - his favourite - on this flight.

---
## [lildude/sync-wp-to-static](https://github.com/lildude/sync-wp-to-static)@[ee5a8cfee0...](https://github.com/lildude/sync-wp-to-static/commit/ee5a8cfee0be3e13002c8e54af099e4300c7547f)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 17:13:46 by Colin Seymour

Cowabunga baby 🐢!!

Or just do it, but Nike isn't in my good books right now (though I really want a pair of their X% cheat-shoes) as they treat their lady runners like commodities 😭So TMNT it is 🐢. You youngsters have no idea 🤣.

If you're reading this code you'll also see my test repos and sites and that is deliberate as you might just discover something juicy if you're lucky... highly unlikely, but you never know 🤪. And why are you reading this far into a commit message anyway?

I can't remember the last time I wrote a commit message this long, but if you see this, pay it forward in your own commits and Tweet the GitHub <repo>/<sha> with #LngCmtMsgsWithAStoryRok - the first to use this hashtag with a good story gets a very special treat, though you'll need to follow me so I can DM you your treat - it's an appreciative and highly valuable reward so don't be shy.

---
## [architdate/PKHeX-Plugins](https://github.com/architdate/PKHeX-Plugins)@[0f74ee5251...](https://github.com/architdate/PKHeX-Plugins/commit/0f74ee5251b153287ee0797c5f21259a3578b448)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 17:50:28 by Archit Date

[MG Eggs] Set proper trainerdata for mystery gift eggs

fucking japanese encoding! for fucks sake! WHY! WHYYYYYYgit add * WHYYYYY WOULD YOU DO THIS TO ME! This is so annoying. Fucking stupid gamefreak with their stupid quirks making devs do weird workarounds. UGH

---
## [CHEF-KOCH/GamingTweaks](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/GamingTweaks)@[af3ddb62f6...](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/GamingTweaks/commit/af3ddb62f6cb26b63274ef051ae170164421a0f9)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 18:31:07 by CHEF-KOCH

2 years after: Benchmarking Spectre/Meltdown mitigations

My comment:
- No tests done with all mitigations enabled!
- Zen 1 is almost identical here in the real-world tests affected to Zen+, which included some optimizations in RAM access and cache latency, but absolutely no core redesign.
- A new architecture that is built from scratch to avoid this family of vulnerabilities will take several years to develop and even then it's unclear if they are faster or not (clock by clock wise compared).

Nutshell:
Based on the numbers you see that each "new" CPU generation (refresh) is less affected overall spoken. The numbers are so low (and there is always margin of errors) that in-game and application wise it should not matter that much to leave the migrations enabled. It's unclear which migrations are most critical since the test did not test all migration options.

> Core i7 5960X saw 86% the performance out-of-the-box compared to the unmitigated performance.
> Core i7 8700K about 84% the unmitigated performance
> Core i5 9400F at 86%
> 86%, the Core i9 9900K at 88%
> Intel Core i9 10980XE at 97%
> E3-1280 v5 was at 77%
> Xeon E3-1275 v6 at 79%
> Xeon Platinum 8280 Cascade Lake came in at 95%

Verdict:
Benchmarks are slowed down by around ~10-12%. The Phoronix Test Suite was used (real-word) workloads tested. Some of the HW fixes seem to help without hurting the performance, see the "ctx_clock" test for instance. That been said, some migrations are more "performance critical" than others, which means to overall saying you "need" to disable all migrations in the OS is definitely debunked now. Robbing the user of the opportunity to get some performance back by switching the mitigations off seems rather idiotic.

---
## [thommck/zero-trust-architecture](https://github.com/thommck/zero-trust-architecture)@[9441b48637...](https://github.com/thommck/zero-trust-architecture/commit/9441b48637cae5aff37d2dc097d943d8b124490a)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 18:31:51 by Thom McKiernan

VPN

Sorry, wasn't sure on the best way to comment on this? I'm currently working on a zero trust strategy and glad to see it is lining up with the recommendations here :)
However, I'd really appreciate more clarity around VPNs as your statement contradicts the NCSC EUD guidance. 
My opinion is that you don't need a VPN if all services are SaaS or use an HTTPS app proxy for internal LoB applications. The EUD guidance states that you should always push all traffic through a VPN. https://www.ncsc.gov.uk/collection/end-user-device-security/eud-overview/vpns. Unfortunately, some people I work with say this would put devices at risk if, say, they were using a public WiFi hotspot, like in a coffee shop. 
Therefore, can you expand on this in the zero trust guidance so we have a clear way forward? Thanks

---
## [zoatex/Speeduino-M5x-PCBs](https://github.com/zoatex/Speeduino-M5x-PCBs)@[8dbd3663bb...](https://github.com/zoatex/Speeduino-M5x-PCBs/commit/8dbd3663bbbb7574f2d21553f0117fa6515dfd8a)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 18:36:50 by zoatex

expand speeduino pcb to M50nv M50TU siemens MS40.x

Hi pazi, i'm Edoardo Stagnoli (zoatex),
I have written to you on instagram about my problem... i have a e36 320i M50TU powered by the evil in my opinion 
THE "SIEMENS MS40.1"
I can't flash it with RomRaider, i can't plug and play Siemens MS41.0 unless i'll change all the wiring, but is too expensive for me.

I got really interested in Speeduino and in your custom speeduino PCB for M52 engines and i started to follow you on youtube and other channels....

and this is what i've done... a collage based on "Speeduino compatible ms41 PCB for M52"

first of all i am newbie to easyEDA software and scheme drawning, this is the really first time i draw... so there should be many errors in this file... BUT

i want to contribute and this scheme (if you want) should be use to you as you want... i'm only asking you to check if this work is right or not and based of your experience in BMW's engines i have some point to clarify...

1.
	i'm not sure if IDLE circuit is right... because mine IdleControlValve(ICV) has only 2 wires so i really dont understand "IDLE-OUT" and "IDLE2-OUT"

2.
	AC-idle-up

	in m52 			scheme is pin 13 of ArduinoMEGA
	in M40/M50/M60 	scheme in pin 21

	how this works?

3.
	Spare 1, Spare 2, Spare 3 and Spare 4.... same thing of above... they are in different pinout in arduino but the speeduino core seems to be the same i don't understand how the works and the reason of different pinout...

4.
	VR conditioner circuit and crank and camshaft sensor's pin have to be checked...

---
## [jws85/prezto](https://github.com/jws85/prezto)@[58a15a2f0b...](https://github.com/jws85/prezto/commit/58a15a2f0b45e48f2aaad08555bc553a20fdf93b)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 19:10:49 by J. W. Smith

Found another dumb hack: vm

I find myself moving things temporarily a lot (e.g. move an important
file somewhere to "break" some code to see how it handles that).
You'll eventually want to put it back.  You've typed the following:

    mv /path/to/very/important.file /path/to/very/important.file.bak

In a shell, how do you normally put things back?  If this were vim,
we'd probably take that old line, go to the first param, cut to the
next blank, and take that cut bit and paste it at the very end.  But
in a readline shell[1] this is an annoying process involving many
button presses, and the help of either screen/tmux or copy/paste in
your terminal.

Or, you could just define 'vm' which is 'mv' backwards.  Now all you
have to do is go to the beginning of your command, change 'mv' to
'vm' and BAM you're done.

[1] yes I know there's vim mode for shells including zsh... but let's
    just figure that I'm *really* used to the Emacs-style keys at a
    shell prompt and leave it at that

---
## [duysqubix/MuOxi](https://github.com/duysqubix/MuOxi)@[a7848abf25...](https://github.com/duysqubix/MuOxi/commit/a7848abf259a6c72dfe83b414af1eb738eac0332)
#### Tuesday 2020-01-14 22:56:57 by duysqubix

Wow, what a ride...

Implemented a Command trait and CmdSet that holds a list of Cmds depending on a variety of factors.

What made this one a head scratcher, was that I began working with traits instead of objects themselves...

CmdSet.cmds is a vector not with an object type: T but rather a dynamically
allocated array of objects that share the same trait..

So CmdSet.cms == Vec<Box<dyn Command + Send>> the Send trait is to satisfy async capabilities across multiple threads.

This doesn't look like a lot fo code, but trying to figure it out initially was a pain in the ass, but the rewards outweigh the troubles.

Now when initializing a CmdSet you must first create appropriate commands using the Command trait, and the you can add the commands to a cmdset by the use of
smart pointers such as:

let mycmdset = CmdSet::new(vec![
				Box::new(CmdHelloWorld),
				Box::new(CmdLook),
				Box::new(CmdDrop),
			])

I will on a later date provide an easier macro to deal with this, and make it a bit easier on the eyes, in the mean time.
let's commit so I can go home.

---

# [<](2020-01-13.md) 2020-01-14 [>](2020-01-15.md)

