# [<](2020-04-24.md) 2020-04-25 [>](2020-04-26.md)

1,947,758 events, 1,097,797 push events, 1,571,025 commit messages, 99,956,044 characters


## [dragazo/CSX64-cpp](https://github.com/dragazo/CSX64-cpp)@[ce18dfa7ca...](https://github.com/dragazo/CSX64-cpp/commit/ce18dfa7ca97b8d4a498e6b014ecc074c148299f)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 01:51:31 by dragazo

bug fix + more aggressive refactoring

bug fix: bswap() wasn't working... oops...
i found this bug while checking on godbolt if bswap() would compile into a single bswap function (apparently it wasn't even getting the right answer).
this is now fixed (was a variable name typo and a missed high half masking).
fortunately, i know it's definitely right now cause it indeed compiles into a single bswap instruction for both gcc and clang (but not msvc, unfortunately).

assembler predefines are no longer controlled by a static object - wtf was i even thinking...
a new type called AssemblerPredefines wraps a typical Expr hashmap and provides only u64 and f64 predefine options.
string (expression) predefines are no longer supported due to being easier to get wrong and being practically useless anyway (only cool thing you could do is access special linker symbols like __heap__).
this is now passed to assemble() as an addition pointer param (defaults to nullptr for no predefines).

fixed a bug where one of the zmm functions was using double at storage location for an f32 value (scalar compare operation).

changed some types from int to size_t (from initial translation from C#).

moved almost everything into a nested CSX64::detail namespace.
i want only the safe, user-level stuff to be exposed in the top level CSX64 namespace.
this is partially done in this commit, but will be thoroughly checked and rearranged in coming commits.

replaced all occurrences of long double with fext (new typedef).
same for double -> f64 and float -> f32.

renamed Size() to get_size().
similar for the other related functions.

changed around some more utility functions.
the ones that took const string& now take string_view to avoid the otherwise required conversion of cstring to temp string.

a lot more function renaming.
removed AsDouble(), AsFloat(), etc. punning functions.
renamed pun() to transmute() and further restricted it to very specific conversions.
this is now used in place of all of the removed punning functions and is prettier to read.

changed some raw field types.

got rid of all the silly loop zmm indexing needed for c# impl.
in c++ we can just make a reference to the struct directly.

---
## [higan-emu/libco](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco)@[dd76846cf2...](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco/commit/dd76846cf2a6525b89d06e5bf011365f90b317f0)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:05:26 by Tim Allen

Update to v102r02 release.

byuu says:

Changelog:

  - I caved on the `samples[] = {0.0}` thing, but I'm very unhappy about it
      - if it's really invalid C++, then GCC needs to stop accepting it
        in strict `-std=c++14` mode
  - Emulator::Interface::Information::resettable is gone
  - Emulator::Interface::reset() is gone
  - FC, SFC, MD cores updated to remove soft reset behavior
  - split GameBoy::Interface into GameBoyInterface,
    GameBoyColorInterface
  - split WonderSwan::Interface into WonderSwanInterface,
    WonderSwanColorInterface
  - PCE: fixed off-by-one scanline error [hex_usr]
  - PCE: temporary hack to prevent crashing when VDS is set to < 2
  - hiro: Cocoa: removed (u)int(#) constants; converted (u)int(#)
    types to (u)int_(#)t types
  - icarus: replaced usage of unique with strip instead (so we don't
    mess up frameworks on macOS)
  - libco: added macOS-specific section marker [Ryphecha]

So ... the major news this time is the removal of the soft reset
behavior. This is a major!! change that results in a 100KiB diff file,
and it's very prone to accidental mistakes!! If anyone is up for
testing, or even better -- looking over the code changes between v102r01
and v102r02 and looking for any issues, please do so. Ideally we'll want
to test every NES mapper type and every SNES coprocessor type by loading
said games and power cycling to make sure the games are all cleanly
resetting. It's too big of a change for me to cover there not being any
issues on my own, but this is truly critical code, so yeah ... please
help if you can.

We technically lose a bit of hardware documentation here. The soft reset
events do all kinds of interesting things in all kinds of different
chips -- or at least they do on the SNES. This is obviously not ideal.
But in the process of removing these portions of code, I found a few
mistakes I had made previously. It simplifies resetting the system state
a lot when not trying to have all the power() functions call the reset()
functions to share partial functionality.

In the future, the goal will be to come up with a way to add back in the
soft reset behavior via keyboard binding as with the Master System core.
What's going to have to happen is that the key binding will have to send
a "reset pulse" to every emulated chip, and those chips are going to
have to act independently to power() instead of reusing functionality.
We'll get there eventually, but there's many things of vastly greater
importance to work on right now, so it'll be a while. The information
isn't lost ... we'll just have to pull it out of v102 when we are ready.

Note that I left the SNES reset vector simulation code in, even though
it's not possible to trigger, for the time being.

Also ... the Super Game Boy core is still disconnected. To be honest, it
totally slipped my mind when I released v102 that it wasn't connected
again yet. This one's going to be pretty tricky to be honest. I'm
thinking about making a third GameBoy::Interface class just for SGB, and
coming up with some way of bypassing platform-> calls when in this
mode.

---
## [higan-emu/libco](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco)@[45a725e4b7...](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco/commit/45a725e4b7262609740d8a6d55f45d383d6f2ec3)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:05:26 by Tim Allen

Update to v101r18 release.

byuu says:

Changelog:

  - added 30 new PAL games to icarus (courtesy of Mikerochip)
  - new version of libco no longer requires mprotect nor W|X permissions
  - nall: default C compiler to -std=c11 instead of -std=c99
  - nall: use `-fno-strict-aliasing` during compilation
  - updated nall/certificates (hopefully for the last time)
  - updated nall/http to newer coding conventions
  - nall: improve handling of range() function

I didn't really work on higan at all, this is mostly just a release
because lots of other things have changed.

The most interesting is `-fno-strict-aliasing` ... basically, it joins
`-fwrapv` as being "stop the GCC developers from doing *really* evil
shit that could lead to security vulnerabilities or instabilities."

For the most part, it's a ~2% speed penalty for higan. Except for the
Sega Genesis, where it's a ~10% speedup. I have no idea how that's
possible, but clearly something's going very wrong with strict aliasing
on the Genesis core.

So ... it is what it is. If you need the performance for the non-Genesis
cores, you can turn it off in your builds. But I'm getting quite sick of
C++'s "surprises" and clever compiler developers, so I'm keeping it on
in all of my software going forward.

---
## [higan-emu/libco](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco)@[750af6ebc3...](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco/commit/750af6ebc38afcdb6d3aedeca7e44c1c473badff)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:05:26 by Tim Allen

Update to v096r02 (OS X Preview for Developers) release.

byuu says:

Warning: this is not for the faint of heart. This is a very early,
unpolished, buggy release. But help testing/fixing bugs would be greatly
appreciated for anyone willing.

Requirements:
- Mac OS X 10.7+
- Xcode 7.2+

Installation Commands:

    cd higan
    gmake -j 4
    gmake install
    cd ../icarus
    gmake -j 4
    gmake install

(gmake install is absolutely required, sorry. You'll be missing key
files in key places if you don't run it, and nothing will work.)

(gmake uninstall also exists, or you can just delete the .app bundles
from your Applications folder, and the Dev folder on your desktop.)

If you want to use the GBA emulation, then you need to drop the GBA BIOS
into ~/Emulation/System/Game\ Boy\ Advance.sys\bios.rom

Usage:
You'll now find higan.app and icarus.app in your Applications folders.
First, run icarus.app, navigate to where you keep your game ROMs. Now
click the settings button at the bottom right, and check "Create
Manifests", and click OK. (You'll need to do this every time you run
icarus because there's some sort of bug on OSX saving the settings.) Now
click "Import", and let it bring in your games into ~/Emulation.

Note: "Create Manifests" is required. I don't yet have a pipe
implementation on OS X for higan to invoke icarus yet. If you don't
check this box, it won't create manifest.bml files, and your games won't
run at all.

Now you can run higan.app. The first thing you'll want to do is go to
higan->Preferences... and assign inputs for your gamepads. At the very
least, do it for the default controller for all the systems you want to
emulate.

Now this is very important ... close the application at this point so
that it writes your config file to disk. There's a serious crashing bug,
and if you trigger it, you'll lose your input bindings.

Now the really annoying part ... go to Library->{System} and pick the
game you want to play. Right now, there's a ~50% chance the application
will bomb. It seems the hiro::pListView object is getting destroyed, yet
somehow the internal Cocoa callbacks are being triggered anyway. I don't
know how this is possible, and my attempts to debug with lldb have been
a failure :(

If you're unlucky, the application will crash. Restart and try again. If
it crashes every single time, then you can try launching your game from
the command-line instead. Example:

    open /Applications/higan.app \
	--args ~/Emulation/Super\ Famicom/Zelda3.sfc/

Help wanted:
I could really, really, really use some help with that crashing on game
loading. There's a lot of rough edges, but they're all cosmetic. This
one thing is pretty much the only major show-stopping issue at the
moment, preventing a wider general audience pre-compiled binary preview.

---
## [higan-emu/libco](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco)@[e6e19a7c89...](https://github.com/higan-emu/libco/commit/e6e19a7c897574491e19a17edd33664ff4d49942)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:05:26 by byuu

Update to bsnes v053 release.

This release greatly polishes the user interface, adds a new cheat code search utility, adds the snesfilter library, and adds Qt-based GUI support to both snesfilter and snesreader. snesfilter gains 2xSaI, Super 2xSaI and Super Eagle support, plus full configuration for both the NTSC and scanline filters; and snesreader gains support support for multi-file ROM archives (eg GoodMerge sets.)
Statically linking Qt to bsnes, snesfilter and snesreader would be too prohibitive size-wise (~10MB or so.) I have to link dynamically so that all three can share the same Qt runtime, which gets all of bsnes and its modules to ~1MB (including the debugger build); and Qt itself to about ~2.5MB.
However, there is some bad news. There's a serious bug in MinGW 4.4+, where it is not generating profile-guided input files (*.gcno files.) There is also a serious bug in Qt 4.5.2/Windows when using dynamic linking: the library is hanging indefinitely, forcing me to manually terminate the process upon exit. This prevents the creation of profile-guided output files (*.gcda files.) It would be tough enough to work around one, but facing both of these issues at once is too much.
I'm afraid I have no choice but to disable profile-guided optimizations until these issues can be addressed. I did not know about these bugs until trying to build the official v053 release, so it's too late to revert to an all-in-one binary now. And I'm simply not willing to stop releasing new builds because of bugs in third-party software. As soon as I can work around this, I'll post a new optimized binary. In the mean time, despite the fact that this release is actually more optimized, please understand that the Windows binary will run approximately ~10% slower than previous releases. I recommend keeping v052 for now if you need the performance. Linux and OS X users are unaffected.
Changelog:
    - save RAM is initialized to 0xff again to work around Ken Griffey Jr Baseball issue
    - libco adds assembly-optimized targets for Win64 and PPC-ELF [the latter courtesy of Kernigh]
    - libco/x86 and libco/amd64 use pre-assembled blocks now, obviates need for custom compilation flags
    - added a new cheat code search utility to the tools menu
    - separated filters from main bsnes binary to libsnesfilter / snesfilter.dll
    - added 2xSaI, Super 2xSaI and Super Eagle filters [kode54]
    - added full configuration settings for NTSC and scanline filters (12+ new options)
    - further optimized HQ2x filter [blargg]
    - added Vsync support to the Mac OS X OpenGL driver
    - added folder creation button to custom file load dialog
    - fixed a few oddities with loading of "game folders" (see older news for an explanation on what this is)
    - updated to blargg's file_extractor v1.0.0
    - added full support for multi-file archives (eg GoodMerge sets)
    - split multi-cart loading again (BS-X, Sufami Turbo, etc) as required for multi-file support
    - cleaned up handling of file placement detection for save files (.srm, .cht, etc)
    - file load dialog now remembers your previous folder path across runs even without a custom games folder assigned
    - windows now save their exact positioning and size across runs, they no longer forcibly center
    - menus now have radio button and check box icons where appropriate
    - debugger's hex editor now has a working scrollbar widget
    - added resize splitter to settings and tools windows
    - worked around Qt style sheet bug where subclassed widgets were not properly applying style properties

---
## [joereddington/todo.txt](https://github.com/joereddington/todo.txt)@[0bd1f545de...](https://github.com/joereddington/todo.txt/commit/0bd1f545de528710ef57b25c8bef6b48f6152175)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:09:51 by Joseph Reddington

## 22/04/20 06:34, to 06:46, Brainstorming on gratitude

## 22/04/20 06:51 to 09:36, (C: Book beta readers) Rewrite the linked list chapter

Rewriting linked list chapter,
The next step is to build some diagrams for the replace section

## 23/04/20 16:54 to 17:28, +EQT HR call
Coming back on Monday for an unspecificed amount of time. Ideally this will be no longer than one week.  We will review it by Wednesday evening at our stadnard meeting

Priorities:
1 Fire related items
2 Fireproofing until June
  * Redirect joe@equalitytime.co.uk
3 Put mince in Pan
4 Work on project

## 23/04/20 20:24 to 21:29, Book: working on Diagram +PersonalProjects
Diagram is in! Only took a damn hour

## 24/04/20 06:04 to 09:49, Getting book ready for Beta-Readers +PersonalProjects
* This was a really long period of focused work. Well done me.

Hello!
Thank you so much for offering to be a beta reader. I've put the first three chapters online at http://flow.joereddington.com/memorybook/beta-readers-1.pdf and I'd really appreciate some fresh eyes. At the moment I'm looking for feedback about how clear the text is and how easy the ideas are to follow. There's also questions like: should their be more diagrams? Fewer footnotes? More references?  (Also I really need a better title)

However, that's only the questions that I *think* I need help with. I strongly suspect that it's the opinions I'm NOT looking for that would help the most.

Timing wise, I'm going to be working on other THINGs for at least a week, and then I've probably easily got a week getting later chapters to this state. However, I'd also really like to get this out before the end of May, so there isn't that much more time on the clock...

Thank you so much :)

---
## [Prof-Butts/xwa_ddraw_d3d11](https://github.com/Prof-Butts/xwa_ddraw_d3d11)@[1307800e50...](https://github.com/Prof-Butts/xwa_ddraw_d3d11/commit/1307800e5086770983e558ac4643932faa34df55)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:09:53 by Leo Reyes

Count the number of regions erased so that we don't display the floating HUD.

In VR, the text associated with the triangle pointer will appear in certain
areas because it's still in the floating HUD. That's annoying. This code will
remove the floating HUD if 8 regions were erased. Yeah, we might lose the beam
weapon if it isn't present in the cockpit; but oh well, let's just remember
to always put the beam weapon in the cockpit somewhere.

---
## [mfrancis2337/test-code](https://github.com/mfrancis2337/test-code)@[7f622385f4...](https://github.com/mfrancis2337/test-code/commit/7f622385f4d2264e51e801aeb8f7ca1a3c74200b)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:20:14 by M. Francis

Theme Update (beta)

- Added in themes!
- Also switched version comment to say beta because I didn't last update
- Comes with 3 themes for now; more coming
- Light theme, dark theme, grayscale theme
- Font dropdown menu will now preview the font on the option
- Made a bit of text smaller
- This is a starter update. It is currently 2:16 in the morning and I should have been asleep 4 hours ago. But here I am in all my glory typing away.
- Next update, clicking themes will either change the preview colors and/or it will disable them from being changed unless it is at custom theme.
- Next update will also be the proud owner of many different themes assuming I remember to do it whenever I log on my computer next
- Ok good night (jeez, I am more productive at night than I am during the day although I can't type as well and you aren't seeing the 20 typos a minute I'm making typing this real fast)

---
## [facebook/react](https://github.com/facebook/react)@[db6513914f...](https://github.com/facebook/react/commit/db6513914f99c260090f26f0a547ee1432c934e6)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 06:26:14 by Andrew Clark

Make ExpirationTime an opaque type (#18732)

* Add LanePriority type

React's internal scheduler has more priority levels than the external
Scheduler package. Let's use React as the source of truth for tracking
the priority of updates so we have more control. We'll still fall back
to Scheduler in the default case. In the future, we should consider
removing `runWithPriority` from Scheduler and replacing the valid use
cases with React-specific APIs.

This commit adds a new type, called a LanePriority to disambiguate from
the Scheduler one.

("Lane" refers to another type that I'm planning. It roughly translates
to "thread." Each lane will have a priority associated with it.)

I'm not actually using the lane anywhere, yet. Only setting stuff up.

* Remove expiration times train model

In the old reconciler, expiration times are computed by applying an
offset to the current system time. This has the effect of increasing
the priority of updates as time progresses. Because we also use
expiration times as a kind of "thread" identifier, it turns out this
is quite limiting because we can only flush work sequentially along
the timeline.

The new model will use a bitmask to represent parallel threads that
can be worked on in any combination and in any order.

In this commit, expiration times and the linear timeline are still in
place, but they are no longer based on a timestamp. Effectively, they
are constants based on their priority level.

* Stop using ExpirationTime to represent timestamps

Follow up to the previous commit. This converts the remaining places
where we were using the ExpirationTime type to represent a timestamp,
like Suspense timeouts.

* Fork Dependencies and PendingInteractionMap types

These contain expiration times

* Make ExpirationTime an opaque type

ExpirationTime is currently just an alias for the `number` type, for a
few reasons. One is that it predates Flow's opaque type feature. Another
is that making it opaque means we have to move all our comparisons and
number math to the ExpirationTime module, and use utility functions
everywhere else.

However, this is actually what we want in the new system, because the
Lanes type that will replace ExpirationTime is a bitmask with a
particular layout, and performing operations on it will involve more
than just number comparisions and artihmetic. I don't want this logic to
spread ad hoc around the whole codebase.

The utility functions get inlined by Closure so it doesn't matter
performance-wise.

I automated most of the changes with JSCodeshift, with only a few manual
tweaks to stuff like imports. My goal was to port the logic exactly to
prevent subtle mistakes, without trying to simplify anything in the
process. I'll likely need to audit many of these sites again when I
replace them with the new type, though, especially the ones
in ReactFiberRoot.

I added the codemods I used to the `scripts` directory. I won't merge
these to master. I'll remove them in a subsequent commit. I'm only
committing them here so they show up in the PR for future reference.

I had a lot of trouble getting Flow to pass. Somehow it was not
inferring the correct type of the constants exported from the
ExpirationTime module, despite being annotated correctly.

I tried converting them them to constructor functions — `NoWork`
becomes `NoWork()` — and that made it work. I used that to unblock me,
and fixed all the other type errors. Once there were no more type
errors, I tried converting the constructors back to constants. Started
getting errors again.

Then I added a type constraint everywhere a constant was referenced.
That fixed it. I also figured out that you only have to add a constraint
when the constant is passed to another function, even if the function is
annotated. So this indicates to me that it's probably a Flow bug. I'll
file an issue with Flow.

* Delete temporary codemods used in previous commit

I only added these to the previous commit so that I can easily run it
again when rebasing. When the stack is squashed, it will be as if they
never existed.

---
## [Akkynwa/bootcamp](https://github.com/Akkynwa/bootcamp)@[c19cd3fdbe...](https://github.com/Akkynwa/bootcamp/commit/c19cd3fdbe3211d0d822edb78555cf1504e0ed85)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 09:06:41 by Akkynwa

How can i make my camera work profitably.txt

<h2>How can I make my camera-work profitable</h2>
<p> What It's All About

<ul>
<li>Whence come the thousands of photographs used every month by newspapers and magazines?</li>

<li>More than that, whence do the photographs come which are used by makers of calendars, postcards, for advertisements, and for illustrating books, stories and articles?</li>
</ul>
---------------------------------</p>
<blockquote>
<p>This little book is a practical, up-to-the-minute answer to the question: <h4>"How can I make my camera-work profitable?"</h4> </p>

<cite>A. H. Beardsley, 
Publisher, Photo-Era Magazine.</cite> </blockqoute>
----------------------------------

<p>At first thought, the answer is,<strong> "From professional photographers and publisher-photo-services." </strong> But professional photographers do not produce one-third of the photographs used, and publisher-photo-services are supplied by that same large number of camerists that supply publications with most of their prints.

No one can deny that the greatest number of prints published are bought from amateur photographers in towns no larger than the average, and sometimes smaller.

The camerist does not have to get in an air-ship and fly to Africa in order to produce photographs that will sell. Read what Waldon Fawcett says, himself a success at selling his photographs:

"The photographer is apt to think that all his ambitions would be realised if only he could journey to foreign shores or to distant corners of our country; or if he could attend the spectacular events that focus the attention of the world now and then. <em>This is a delusion.</em> The real triumph is that of the photographer who utilises the material ready at hand in his own district, be it large or small."[end]

And more, a person does not have to be an expert photographer in order to succeed at the work. Here is what one prominent writer says about it:

"The requirements of the field are well within the capabilities of even the beginner in photography, viz.; the ability to make good negatives and good prints, the ability to recognise news-value, and a methodical plan to find the market where the prints will find acceptance. The man or woman who can meet these requirements should be fairly successful from the beginning, and will open up quickly new avenues of special work and profit."

In short, ability to make metaphors, create lovely heroines or such is not at all necessary to the successful selling of photographs to publications.

Is the field overcrowded? <em>No</em> If there were ten times as many persons engaged in the work they could all keep themselves busy.

The field—how wide is it? Get out your map of the world. The field for <em>making</em> photographs extends from the top margin to the bottom, and from the left to the right. The field for <em>selling</em> photographs—which is more to the point—extends over about five thousand publications which use prints; not to speak of a few score of other markets.

<h3>The markets may be classified briefly:</h3>

<ol>
<li>Newspapers</li>
<li>Magazines</li>
<li>Postcard-makers</li>
<li>Calendar-makers</li>
<li>Art-study producers</li>
<li>Illustrations for books</li>
<li>Illustrations for articles</li>
<li>Prints for advertising.</li>
</ol>

And there are more, of more specialised branches.</p>

<p>And how does it pay? Please note: <em>"A certain magazine once paid $100 for four prints of sundials. An amateur, who happened to be on the spot with a kodak, made over $200 out of a head-on railroad-collision. A New York professional netted $125 from the newspaper-use of a wedding-party, of considerable local prominence, which was leaving the church after the ceremony." One amateur "realised $300 a year for two or three years from a lucky snapshot of eight pet rabbits in a row."

A set of South-Pole photographs brought $3,000 from Leslie's and $1,000 more from the International Feature Service.</em> These all, though, are very exceptional instances. The average print sells for about three dollars. But there is absolutely nothing in the world to hinder a wide-awake person with a camera from making from several hundred to over $3,000 a year from his prints. If he becomes a specialist he may earn as high as $5,000 or even more.

No discrimination is made between press-photographers.<strong>The person wins who <"delivers the goods."</strong></p>

<p> However, I do not mean that the instances of $200 or so for prints should be taken as the prices ordinarily paid. I do not maintain that there is a fortune awaiting the man with the camera; but I do say there are unlimited possibilities for salable photographs and almost an unlimited number of markets for them. But there are not "barrels of money" in it, for all. A person may add appreciably to his income for having sold photographs; and having developed the trade to a high degree, he may cash cheques to the amount of $5,000 or more a year. But not every one. Just some. And it isn't like the log and the falling off it. It's work—hard work—[emphasis]hard work.[end]

Success at selling press-photographs does not depend on the size of the town you live in, the cost or manufacture of your apparatus, or on your literary ability. <em>It depends on you and your worship of the homaged gods of success if you would sell photographs.</em> The gift of these gods is the ability to make good.</p>

--------------------------------------
<h1>An excerpt from the book</h1> <em>"Making Your Camera Pay,</em> <p>" by Frederick C. Davis. Copyright 1922, Robert M. McBride & Company, New York. Full book available online at Project Gutenberg <a href= "https://www.gutenberg.org/files/35709/35709-h/35709-h.htm)" > Gutenberg </a></p>

---
## [CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA)@[99a8f9a2ca...](https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/commit/99a8f9a2caad98f826300337a4ae68db4e2d6975)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 13:07:51 by Harrison Greenlee

Magiclysm: Added recipes for mana potions. Added lesser mana infusion. Tweaked the recipe for manatouched serum. (#39676)

* Added recipes for magiclysm mana potions. Added lesser mana infusion. Tweaked the recipe for manatouched serum. Added mana dust, mana infused blood, and superior potion starter.

* Linted recipe_potions.json to fix style issues

* lint

* Removed lesser mana infusion from the game. Players can inject mana infused blood with a syringe for the same effect.

* Fixed bug where potions would cast Life Conversion instead of just regenerating mana.

* Removed the explosive property from the superior potion starter to prevent absent-minded mages from blowing themselves up.

* Moved potion_recover_mana from classless.json to item_only.json

* Created a custom message for mana doping and added a small secondary pain effect.

* Changed the ID 'lotus_flower' to 'lotus' in potion recipes to match the ID of the lotus flower in my other commit.

* Fixes for continuous-integration/travis-ci/pr. Fixed item description formatting. Removed unused JSON flag.

Co-authored-by: KorGgenT <curtis.r.merrill@gmail.com>

---
## [Lujke9/SFP-Source](https://github.com/Lujke9/SFP-Source)@[bf4d6bdc14...](https://github.com/Lujke9/SFP-Source/commit/bf4d6bdc1405a6872f7e0d99855f51d78f944cce)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 13:08:14 by Tandiess

Finally Uploaded Lawrences Shit - FUck you talbot im using mine <3

fart in her cups

---
## [PainKiller3/android_vendor_havoc](https://github.com/PainKiller3/android_vendor_havoc)@[e17b0581b9...](https://github.com/PainKiller3/android_vendor_havoc/commit/e17b0581b92564795e0e4886e3a055aeca25c34b)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 13:55:38 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [locutus2/Stockfish](https://github.com/locutus2/Stockfish)@[8ff2fcf299...](https://github.com/locutus2/Stockfish/commit/8ff2fcf299ac621779dc167ce750ba73aaae90a4)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 14:18:39 by Ondrej Mosnáček

Refactor tbprobe.cpp

This involves:
 * replacing the union hacks with simply reusing the EntryPiece arrays
   for the no-pawns case
 * merging the PairsData structure with the EntryPiece/-Pawn structs
   (with credit to Marco: @mcostalba)
 * simplifying some HashTable functions
 * thanks to previous changes, removing the ugly memsets
 * simplifying the template logic for WDL/DTZ distinction
   (now we distinguish based on an enum type, not the entry classes)
 * removing the unneeded Atomic wrapper

-----------------------------

For reference, here is a manual way to check that patches concerning
table bases code are non-functional changes:

0) Download the Syzygy table bases (up to 6 men).
1) Make sure you have branches master and the pull request pointing to
   the right commits.
2) Download the bench calculation scripts from the following URL:

        https://gist.github.com/WOnder93/b5fcf9c989b4a1715684d5c82367cdbe

   and copy into src inside your Stockfish repo.
3) Make the scripts executable (chmod +x *.sh).
4) Run the following command to use TBs located at <path>:

       export SYZYGY_PATH='<path>'

5) After that, run this (it will take a long time, this is a deep bench):

       BENCH_ARGS='128 1 22' ./check_benches.sh master tbprobe_cleanup 2>/dev/null`

==> You should see two equal numbers printed.
    (Of course, now we have to trust that the script itself is correct :)

-----------------------------

Closes https://github.com/official-stockfish/Stockfish/pull/1477

No functional change.

---
## [rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer](https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer)@[fc57358efd...](https://github.com/rust-analyzer/rust-analyzer/commit/fc57358efda7c028cbe8a438446cce5f540f48ca)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 14:30:12 by bors[bot]

Merge #4133

4133: main: eagerly prime goto-definition caches r=matklad a=BurntSushi

This commit eagerly primes the caches used by goto-definition by
submitting a "phantom" goto-definition request. This is perhaps a bit
circuitous, but it does actually get the job done. The result of this
change is that once RA is finished its initial loading of a project,
goto-definition requests are instant. There don't appear to be any more
surprise latency spikes.

This _partially_ addresses #1650 in that it front-loads the latency of the
first goto-definition request, which in turn makes it more predictable and
less surprising. In particular, this addresses the use case where one opens
the text editor, starts reading code for a while, and only later issues the
first goto-definition request. Before this PR, that first goto-definition request
is guaranteed to have high latency in any reasonably sized project. But
after this PR, there's a good chance that it will now be instant.

What this _doesn't_ address is that initial loading time. In fact, it makes it
longer by adding a phantom goto-definition request to the initial startup
sequence. However, I observed that while this did make initial loading
slower, it was overall a somewhat small (but not insignificant) fraction
of initial loading time.

-----

At least, the above is what I _want_ to do. The actual change in this PR is just a proof-of-concept. I came up with after an evening of printf-debugging. Once I found the spot where this cache priming should go, I was unsure of how to generate a phantom input. So I just took an input I knew worked from my printf-debugging and hacked it in. Obviously, what I'd like to do is make this more general such that it will always work.

I don't know whether this is the "right" approach or not. My guess is that there is perhaps a cleaner solution that more directly primes whatever cache is being lazily populated rather than fudging the issue with a phantom goto-definition request.

I created this as a draft PR because I'd really like help making this general. I think whether y'all want to accept this patch is perhaps a separate question. IMO, it seems like a good idea, but to be honest, I'm happy to maintain this patch on my own since it's so trivial. But I would like to generalize it so that it will work in any project.

My thinking is that all I really need to do is find a file and a token somewhere in the loaded project, and then use that as input. But I don't quite know how to connect all the data structures to do that. Any help would be appreciated!

cc @matklad since I've been a worm in your ear about this problem. :-)

Co-authored-by: Andrew Gallant <jamslam@gmail.com>

---
## [ValheruGR/BFME2](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2)@[8b231b5863...](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2/commit/8b231b5863044a5f64e8d3b5632597aaa8b6e36b)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 17:02:46 by ecthelion5109

shrinking map list. Im removing 4v4 maps where 500cp is not viable for such enourmeous maps.
-edited fords of rohan. fords r wider and player positions spreaded. confirmed it so now zoom is done.
-removed sunlights from greenleaf forest.
-updated cowmap.

-del raven pass. decent gameplay but too amateur map design.
-del buckland6p. it's a mirror of confusing and awful gameplay. can't ahve a good game.
-del buckland8p. also huge and copypasted terrain abuse.
-del erech ii. narrow shit. 'd never use it for a tourney.
-del ered luin. cool texture set but shit gameplay.
-del iron hills4. huge shit.
-del ivy bush. i only kept it for noobs, but now they can fuck off between so many new beautiful maps of diverse skins.
-del lorien plateu shit gameplay and texturing is already common in toher 4v4 maps.
-del tourney bree. huge shit gameplay. even silverbane desont like it anymore.
-del south downs. campy.
-del ringlo river.

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[eef594c6c9...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/eef594c6c947490f5fef60772e7d3d530d62ce6a)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 17:41:16 by Terry N. Muse

buffed targeting/homing of twins ex
twins dont regen at 1 life
hardmode spawns in pre-hm drop more gold and can drop various other items, but have full max life and only halved defense
 medusa drops medusa head and pocket mirror
 wyvern drops sky crate and dragon fang
 red devil drops demon scythe
 ichor sticker drops a crimson heart item
 world feeder drops a shadow orb item
 mimic drops any normal purity mimic drop except magic dagger
 angry nimbus drops a sky crate
 dune splicer drops sandstorm in a bottle
 pigron drops lots of bacon
 mushroom biome enemies drop truffle worms
fishron drops angler quest items

---
## [valentinpi/chip8-oxidized](https://github.com/valentinpi/chip8-oxidized)@[70cd32381f...](https://github.com/valentinpi/chip8-oxidized/commit/70cd32381f4f75cd07e8db830fd11ec109421f46)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 22:22:04 by valentinpi

Tried solving the problems with the ABI. I hate my life rn. This is so ridiculous and annoying. We are not even able to utilize the fucking monochromic pixel format Index1LSB, since it apparently is not accepted due to some dumb fucking macro, that does not recognize it as a valid value, but RGB24. We are working on it.

---
## [themanaworld/evol-hercules](https://github.com/themanaworld/evol-hercules)@[229ddd2afb...](https://github.com/themanaworld/evol-hercules/commit/229ddd2afb47cf2aeeae42f5ce6064d59e69ac42)
#### Saturday 2020-04-25 23:43:09 by gumi

I hate myself for doing this

remove mentions of a non-binary gender, because it's evil

backlog, for future reference:
<{41444d494e}> i against any gay propaganda. and clean said more than two genders is gay propaganda. if need more than 2 genders, use for other genders word hidden

---

# [<](2020-04-24.md) 2020-04-25 [>](2020-04-26.md)

