# [<](2020-09-04.md) 2020-09-05 [>](2020-09-06.md)

2,287,042 events, 1,057,993 push events, 1,433,849 commit messages, 89,610,521 characters


## [Munghard/DOOMZ](https://github.com/Munghard/DOOMZ)@[3c38104d97...](https://github.com/Munghard/DOOMZ/commit/3c38104d97936b1b9c15600ee004b249f9677301)
#### Saturday 2020-09-05 04:03:38 by JestaJoke

ShittyLitsforAThursday

implemented basic item quantity, if you pick up the canteen it has multiple uses before being spent (starting quantity random value between 1-4)

started implementing some weight UI elements, was having trouble figuring out how to rig up the element that shows the total weight of all the items

fucked with some fonts

---
## [pjbeam/downpour](https://github.com/pjbeam/downpour)@[2faa0e5c7e...](https://github.com/pjbeam/downpour/commit/2faa0e5c7ed338a5204b01710e37e587cc8b3eac)
#### Saturday 2020-09-05 04:08:35 by Patrick Beam

Some basic structure in place, refreshed a few weak rust memories. number_builder does not work--pick up here next time and make meaningful progress on bencoding. Tonight was mostly settling into coding again at all--it has been too long. Management and administration has made my brain soft. Happily exercise will fix it. Note that a stack of some kind will be needed to solve bencoding, the dictionaries and lists form a problem similar to the leetcode open brackets type problem. This is fun. Once the easy stuff is good to hook with the .pretty data, will need to get the raw bytes back in to have meaningful code for interpreting the torrent files. Speaking of the test data is hilarious--w! indicates that the stronger praise that 'She Gods' received was that it is only 63 minutes long. What a powerful recommendation for the film. These old B-flicks are great.

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[30f90c0237...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/30f90c0237f574a4eb2315c28d2cbe49d3d2352b)
#### Saturday 2020-09-05 04:45:59 by Xkeeper

Rework the premature_clone bioeffect slightly.

- Can now be healed and removed.
- Hang out in a cryo cell for a while (five Life ticks).
- Requires you be at near-full-health, as well as be nearly cold
  enough for cryoxadone to actually heal you.

- Cryo cells now base their decisions on whether or not to eject
  based on "max_health > health", rather than "health >= 100".

- Cryo cells and the freezer now show their temperatures in
  degrees Celsius, because, honestly? Fuck Kelvin.

---
## [eighty-three/canned-thoughts](https://github.com/eighty-three/canned-thoughts)@[5439143140...](https://github.com/eighty-three/canned-thoughts/commit/5439143140cacc8126316d69e0310dd8d4f6d433)
#### Saturday 2020-09-05 11:22:51 by Eighty Three

Separate types, fix createPost function

I wanted to try optimizing the whole function chain
when creating a post. First, it needs to create the
post itself, sending the necessary data for the
INSERT query. Afterwards, if there are tags present,
it needs to create a new tag for each (up to 3). Lastly,
it needs the post_id and tag_id, both returned from their
respective queries. Apparently, simply looping through them
is a terrible idea according to the `pg-promise` FAQ. And so,
initially, I wanted to use the task method and the tx method
together. However, it keeps on giving me errors. What I wanted
was to go through the whole chain in one request:
INSERT -> SELECT -> INSERT
Unfortunately, it kept on spitting out BatchErrors/DatabaseErrors:
"current transaction is aborted, commands ignored etc. etc."
which apparently means that there was a fuckup along the way
so it decided to shut itself down. I didn't know how to fix it;
it probably had to do something with race conditions or something.
It probably would have worked if I tried turning it into a single
query like what the author said in the FAQ but I couldn't figure it out.
I was able to create (aka copy an answer) an INSERT -> SELECT
query but an INSERT -> SELECT -> INSERT query was too much for me.
So I had to make do with 3 connections in a single function call:
1. creating the post (returning post id)
2. creating/checking the tags* (returning tag_id)
3. creating the post/tag relation
*The tags are in one tx so that's something positive at least
It's most likely some garbage optimization but at least it works;
the tests aren't shitting on me anymore, at least for now.

---
## [MSFS-Mega-Pack/MSFS2020-Livery-API](https://github.com/MSFS-Mega-Pack/MSFS2020-Livery-API)@[54a6de25f4...](https://github.com/MSFS-Mega-Pack/MSFS2020-Livery-API/commit/54a6de25f44cc4ae42be1e4771b56636bbe0a66d)
#### Saturday 2020-09-05 13:53:08 by David Wheatley

Rewrite API to not use the GH API

It's a fucking pain in the arse...

---
## [TheRant-man/Mallbank](https://github.com/TheRant-man/Mallbank)@[b1ed721669...](https://github.com/TheRant-man/Mallbank/commit/b1ed721669689b5994957e8b0001ffc125b9317a)
#### Saturday 2020-09-05 17:48:50 by TheRant-man

I am gonna go play with my boyfriend

Fixed ATM doors not activating or startup, attempted nav obstacle shit

---
## [json-resume/json-resume](https://github.com/json-resume/json-resume)@[9ca5df560a...](https://github.com/json-resume/json-resume/commit/9ca5df560ab98eb851455d6a6fe4f8a3cc42016c)
#### Saturday 2020-09-05 19:27:02 by Kumaresh C J

Develop (#9)

* started the project with angular again since i'm struggling with my life and having very little time for this

* starting from scratch.. only god knows how many times i have restarted this projec. When I last worked Angular 8 was latest. Now I'm starting again with Angular 10

* base setup

Co-authored-by: cjkumaresh <test@test.com>

---

# [<](2020-09-04.md) 2020-09-05 [>](2020-09-06.md)

