# [<](2020-07-18.md) 2020-07-19 [>](2020-07-20.md)

2,742,444 events, 941,309 push events, 1,334,446 commit messages, 80,613,459 characters


## [kami-blue/bot](https://github.com/kami-blue/bot)@[fe31704da5...](https://github.com/kami-blue/bot/commit/fe31704da56076b038c64489a2143944057e815f)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 01:52:16 by humboldt123

Added new regex command (split by ∆)

First off, let’s start with the most iconic lore characters: the ancients.

The ancients, as their name implies, are people from long, long ago that are no longer around (or so we think). The ancients are iconic in the lore for being affiliated with almost everything. Let’s take a look at their history, shall we? The only planet confirmed to have been inhabited by the ancients is Halcandra, which is located in another dimension. Now, that’s not to say they didn’t inhabit Kirby’s dimension, as several of the ancients’ creations can be found there. Regardless, the ancients were highly advanced in science, as they created many legendary pieces of technology. According to Magolor, the Lor Starcutter, a ship that can traverse through space and time, was crafted by the ancients using an incredible power. He also states that they created “clockwork stars that soar the cosmos” using the same power. Many have presumed these stars to be Novas, clockwork cat faces that can grant wishes. This was seemingly proven in Kirby: Planet Robobot, where the final boss of the game, Star Dream, fused with the Access Ark, revealing it to actually be a Nova. According to Haltmann, his company analyzed the most advanced civilizations in the known universe and used blueprints they found in order to reactivate Star Dream. The Lor and the Novas were two examples of their skill in science, but they were also skilled in magic as well. Also according to Magolor, the ancients crafted “mysterious items that can bring dreams to life.” These are presumed to be the Star Rods, which power the Fountains of Dreams. Each fountain is responsible for giving every inhabitant in their respective planet good dreams. They also created the Master Crown, a crown that grants its wearer limitless power. However, the crown itself appears to be sentient, as it takes control of Magolor’s body and transforms him into a manifestation of itself. In this form, Magolor notably has an eye in his mouth. Many have thought the crown was Dark Matter because of this. While almost everyone else thought that wasn’t the case, those who said it was just might have been correct. We’ll get to that later. Anyway, those two are examples of the ancients’ skill in magic. Slightly off-topic, but since the ancients lived on Halcandra, it is likely that they made Egg Engines, and in turn, Metal General, which the Haltmann Works Company probably used the blueprints of in order to make the Security Force. The ancients also entrusted Landia, a four-headed dragon, in guarding the legendary treasures they made on that planet.


However, that’s not even close to all the information about them...

---
## [kami-blue/bot](https://github.com/kami-blue/bot)@[7f1f7a3880...](https://github.com/kami-blue/bot/commit/7f1f7a38802b132ffcc0fa0c2893639976e099d8)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 01:53:40 by humboldt123

Now Split by ~

As Kirby Star Allies is the most lore-heavy game as of now, they wouldn’t dare to not include the ancients. As we all know, Hyness, the main antagonist of the game, dropped a lore bomb in the form of having a stroke and spouting it out at light speed. Given that the English localization butchered this lore bomb, we’ll take a look at the original Japanese version. According to Hyness, the people of his clan were powerful wielders of magic, and were friends with people who used the power of science. Hmm, sounds familiar. The people of his clan were also worshippers of a matter most dark. Anyway, one day, their science-using friends turned on them in fear of their power and banished them to the edge of the galaxy. As if that wasn’t enough, they then subsequently erased all but a sliver of their very existence from history itself. So yeah, most of them are dead. I think Hyness is like, a descendant from this sliver, but I have no idea since it’s totally unclear whether he’s the last survivor or a descendant. Anyway, he also states that his clan was responsible for stopping a galactic crisis of sorts. Why am I telling you about Hyness’s clan? Well, it’s been theorized that Hyness’s clan and these science-users WERE the ancients, and it kind of makes sense. Think of it this way, the science-users build the base of the creation (specifically the Lor and the Novas), and Hyness’s clan imbues them with the “incredible power,” in other words, magic. That would explain how the Lor can traverse space and time and how the Novas can grant wishes. The clan most likely also made the Star Rods and the FoD, which have more to do with magic than science. Now, moving on to the Master Crown. It is theorized that it has something to do with Dark Matter, right? Given that the clan were worshippers of a matter most dark, it could be possible that they made the crown using Dark Matter. That would explain why Void Termina, the final boss of Star Allies and the reincarnation of the implied ancestor of Dark Matter, uses a replica of it in his boss fight. Speaking of Void Termina, his normal self, simply known as Void, is reportedly spoken about in several books that were written by the ancients after witnessing his starlike radiance. One of these books is likely the book of legend, which basically called Void a god. This book is presumed to be written by Hyness’s clan, due to him saying that everyone else thought it was a fairytale. And so, that is all the information surrounding the ancients so far. This is...really long. Anyway, next time, we’ll be talking about our favorite one-eyed family that corrupts planets, as well as their baby-faced presumed ancestor.

---
## [jagoly/SuperTuxSmash](https://github.com/jagoly/SuperTuxSmash)@[ee295a6bf3...](https://github.com/jagoly/SuperTuxSmash/commit/ee295a6bf3dad689e19e54a92580645950d1b2b6)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 03:37:06 by James Gangur

small, frequent commits are good

cleaned up StandardCamera a bit, still bad but not high priority to work on
fixed stats for Sara and Tux
fixed animations for Sara and Tux
added an ugly LandHeavy animation for Sara
removed the unused poses assets from Sara and Tux
fixed the editor, editing hurtblobs, hitblobs and emitters now works again
  - still needs more work for editing lua
removed the fighter_action_finished message, may just remove the message bus again
made the editor a friend of fighter to make my life easier
the editor now resets the fighters position when restarting an action
  - still needs special handling for air actions
remove the change_facing method from fighter, exposed facing as a readonly property
added a toggle to StandardCamera to disable smooth movement
if an animation is too short, as well as showing a warning fighter init will make it longer
renamed air_hop_height stat to airhop_height
removed ledge_jump_height stat, just use jump_height
fixed ledge releasing and ledge stealing
cleaned up forward declarations in Renderer and DebugRenderer

---
## [rsreubens96/Quotify](https://github.com/rsreubens96/Quotify)@[1ef9332ae2...](https://github.com/rsreubens96/Quotify/commit/1ef9332ae216994dfcd9913e36f230815fb40095)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 03:42:16 by ChangoTheBeast

Revert "fuck you"

This reverts commit 314fd63bd79e9b1213494095d6471096e0e3139f.

---
## [Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[e0ff2e4552...](https://github.com/Rebirth-of-the-Night/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/e0ff2e4552f07f7ae6759be15c1537799e7a52d4)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 06:47:30 by Sandwich Horror

Tweaks Part 2

- changed out some absolutely busted bounties rewarding entire baubles for respective runes used to craft said baubles

- activated mimics can monch their way through weak blocks

- crouching tiger, hidden foliaath

- foxes can't steal armor; can only steal items from humanoid enemies (and pixies-- ironic!)

- reduced voodoo rat distance to 12 blocks

- REMOVED Coral Reef mod. Ugly, unconfigurable, way too common, duplicate with BoP Coral Reef which is its own biome (read=exclusive creatures).

- added missing descriptions for several mob drops that state what they drop from

- removed template/copypaste (???) potion o' enchanting brewing recipe (will add these as dungeon/mimic loot in next tweak pass)

- removed hyphae and phylactery from loot tables (unintended items)

- harpies no longer drop gold nuggets. they are a nuisance, not a convenient resource.  and pigmen still exist

- grove sprites no longer drop wonder sap on death. don't worry, there will be a new incentive to slaughter them later on. but if you want their farming magic you gotta play nice (and then kill them i guess if you really want)

---
## [karaoke-dev/karaoke](https://github.com/karaoke-dev/karaoke)@[ac3b214232...](https://github.com/karaoke-dev/karaoke/commit/ac3b2142323959b37a573d048cc159557087077e)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 10:06:42 by andy840119

IDK why adding icon with circle layer cost me so much time.
Add a test case and Fuck you.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[1101062565...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/1101062565596aeee9b7d8d448b70a2bfba714ab)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 15:05:24 by Marko Grdinić

"4:50pm. I am back just for a bit. I won't be doing much programming today anymore, but it did occur to me that I might have forgotten about the unary var parser.

```fs
let read_unary_op d =
    try_current d <| function
        | p, TokUnaryOperator t' -> skip d; ok d (p,t')
        | p, _ -> Error [p, ExpectedUnaryOperator']

let read_unary_op' d =
    try_current d <| function
        | p, TokUnaryOperator t' -> skip d; Ok(p,t')
        | p, _ -> Error [p, ExpectedUnaryOperator']
```

I removed adding `~` from these, but I think I forgot to put that back in a different place.

```fs
        let case_unary_op =
            read_unary_op >>= fun a d ->
                match a with
                | "!!!!" ->
                    (range read_big_var .>>. (rounds (sepBy1 expressions (skip_op ",")))
                    >>= fun ((r, a), b) _ ->
                        match string_to_op a with
                        | true, op' -> Ok(RawOp(op',List.toArray b))
                        | false, _ -> Error [r,InbuiltOpNotFound a]) d
                | "`" -> (((read_small_var |>> RawTVar) <|> (rounds (fun d -> root_type false (d.is_top_down = false) d.is_top_down d))) |>> RawType) d
                | _ -> (expressions |>> fun b -> ap (v a) b) d
```

Yep. Shit.

```fs
| _ -> (expressions |>> fun b -> ap (v ("~" + a)) b) d
```

This should do it.

4:50pm. I think I'll go back to bed a while more.

Basically, I was prepared to do this huge bit of work on the parser, but now that it is done, the wind is out of my sails and I need to cajole myself again in order to do the next part.

Always when it is time to switch, it feels like a huge pile of work and lethargy hits me.

A bit by bit, thoughts about what I should do next are bubbling up to me.

I think for the sematic pass, I should just focus on one single thing so I do not get overwhelmed.

For starters, I should just color all the variables in the type scope green to indicate they are type variables. I'll just tag them as type variables and VS Code will do the rest itself. I'll use a reference dictionary for this.

It will be really easy to do this.

5pm. But before that, the main thing I need to do is make sure that regular parsing works. I need to make sure that error messages work. I need to write some Spiral test code in order to make sure.

No doubt I won't be able to get this huge thing right on the first try.

Well, let me get back to letting my brain cool.

This kind of thing needs to be done away from the screen. If I start playing games or reading manga whenever I feel lethargic, I will never recharge. Recharging needs to be done in solitude."

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[f369369938...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/f369369938a8ee97d4471e2d45dc83a424436cba)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 15:46:31 by Saqib Ali

Job Application for VP, Head of Biostatistics (Roivant) at Roivant Sciences. Maths and Statistics Tutor - Study Group - Career Page. Ugly code is buggy code «  Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science. Premier Research Careers - Director, Biostatistics (US Based). Senior Statistical Programmer | Job Opportunities. Senior Statistical Programmer | Job Opportunities. ConcertAI - Associate Director, Statistics - Remote. Job Application for Lead Data Scientist - Statistical Learning at 84.51°. Biogen Biostatistician - Digital and Quantitative Medicine | SmartRecruiters. BSc Mathematics, Statistics and Data Science.

---
## [Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server](https://github.com/Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server)@[19f2886949...](https://github.com/Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server/commit/19f2886949229a7b86433e18d27b44938fbbe530)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 16:09:44 by Crystalwarrior

Properly update the area manager when you transfer areas, playing nice with the FUCKING STUPID SEND ARUP SYSTEM, GOD I FUCKING HATE IT
Fix some area transferring logic ignoring the mod status of the client

---
## [szalai-balazs-david/UdacityFullStackCapstone](https://github.com/szalai-balazs-david/UdacityFullStackCapstone)@[8b55980315...](https://github.com/szalai-balazs-david/UdacityFullStackCapstone/commit/8b55980315cde89bea9aab0aac608baeda304893)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 21:59:11 by Balazs Szalai

Fix to CORS issues

Had trouble communicating between react and API. Problem is no more.
Note to self to prevent future suffering: user relative fetch path and add proxy to package.json

---
## [xedakini/replicator](https://github.com/xedakini/replicator)@[f80d2aa771...](https://github.com/xedakini/replicator/commit/f80d2aa77130f0b18b55c51f9c4ec1d70ab0f601)
#### Sunday 2020-07-19 22:42:53 by xedakini

Migrate to use asyncio and aiohttp instead of fiber.py

The fiber.py code was a brilliant idea back before Python 3.4 introduced
its new asyncio model.  I am modernizing the code to use asyncio in order
to make use of the robust and well-maintained aiohttp package instead of
the somewhat fragile local implementation of the http protocol.

This fairly simple goal basically caused a complete rewrite of the code
(with no obvious "incremental steps"), so a "git diff" is close to useless
for understanding the changes.  Sorry about that, code spelunkers...

The migration to aiohttp will magically fix _some_ outstanding bugs (such
as the replicator's former inability to follow 3xx redirects), while no
doubt introducing some regressions and/or new bugs.  Hopefully the new
paradigm and its resulting in-tree code simplification will make future
maintenance easier, making the transition worthwhile...

*Note*
This commit includes one ugly hack that helps the code pass the test
suite, but almost certainly is just papering over a race condition which
still persists.  I am nevertheless making this a public release for any
feedback on the code as a whole, and hopefully for some interested party
to offer any insight about where the "stray" cancels are coming from and
how to avoid them correctly.  (See lines marked "hack" in replicator/Cache.py)

---

# [<](2020-07-18.md) 2020-07-19 [>](2020-07-20.md)

