# [<](2020-07-24.md) 2020-07-25 [>](2020-07-26.md)

108,102 events, 62,643 push events, 88,746 commit messages, 5,064,731 characters


## [SvenRoederer/openwrt-openwrt](https://github.com/SvenRoederer/openwrt-openwrt)@[92780d80ab...](https://github.com/SvenRoederer/openwrt-openwrt/commit/92780d80ab6f5f03fac2407c06eb267dd83914a1)
#### Saturday 2020-07-25 22:01:16 by Davide Fioravanti

ramips: add support for Winstars WS-WN583A6

The Winstars WS-WN583A6 is a wireless repeater with 2 gigabit ethernet
ports. Even if mine is branded as "Gemeita AC2100", the sticker on the
back says WS-WN583A6. So I will refer to it as Winstars WS-WN583A6.
Probably the real product name is the Wavlink WL-WN583A6 because of
the many references to Wavlink in the OEM firmware and bootlog.

Hardware
--------
SoC:   Mediatek MT7621AT (880 MHz, 2 cores 4 threads)
RAM:   128MB
FLASH: 8MB NOR (GigaDevice GD25Q64B)
ETH:   2x 10/100/1000 Mbps Ethernet (MT7530)
WIFI:
  - 2.4GHz: 1x MT7603E (2x2:2)
  - 5GHz:   1x MT7615E (4x4:4)
  - 6 internal antennas
BTN:
  - 1x Reset button
  - 1x WPS button
  - 1x ON/OFF switch (working but unmodifiable)
  - 1x Auto/Schedule switch (working but unmodifiable. Read Note #3)
LEDS:
  - 1x White led
  - 1x Red led
  - 1x Amber led
  - 1x Blue led
  - 2x Blue leds (lan and wan port status: working but unmodifiable)
UART:
  - 57600-8-N-1

Everything works correctly.

Currently there is no firmware update available. Because of this, in
order to restore the OEM firmware, you must firstly dump the OEM
firmware from your router before you flash the OpenWrt image.

Backup the OEM Firmware
-----------------------
The following steps are to be intended for users having little to none
experience in linux. Obviously there are many ways to backup the OEM
firmware, but probably this is the easiest way for this router.
Procedure tested on M83A6.V5030.191210 firmware version.

1) Go to http://192.168.10.1/webcmd.shtml

2) Type the following line in the "Command" input box:
	mkdir /etc_ro/lighttpd/www/dev; for i in /dev/mtd*ro; do dd if=${i} of=/etc_ro/lighttpd/www${i}; done

3) Click "Apply"

4) After few seconds, in the textarea should appear this output:
		16384+0 records in
	16384+0 records out
	8388608 bytes (8.0MB) copied, 4.038820 seconds, 2.0MB/s
	384+0 records in
	384+0 records out
	196608 bytes (192.0KB) copied, 0.095180 seconds, 2.0MB/s
	128+0 records in
	128+0 records out
	65536 bytes (64.0KB) copied, 0.032020 seconds, 2.0MB/s
	128+0 records in
	128+0 records out
	65536 bytes (64.0KB) copied, 0.031760 seconds, 2.0MB/s
	15744+0 records in
	15744+0 records out
	8060928 bytes (7.7MB) copied, 3.885280 seconds, 2.0MB/s
	dd: can't open '/dev/mtd5ro': No such device
	dd: can't open '/dev/mtd6ro': No such device
	dd: can't open '/dev/mtd7ro': No such device

   Excluding the "X.XXXXXX seconds" part, you should get the same
   exact output. If your output doesn't match mine, stop reading
   and ask for help in the forum.

5) Open the following links to download the partitions of the OEM FW:
	http://192.168.10.1/dev/mtd0ro
	http://192.168.10.1/dev/mtd1ro
	http://192.168.10.1/dev/mtd2ro
	http://192.168.10.1/dev/mtd3ro
	http://192.168.10.1/dev/mtd4ro

   If one (or more) of these files weight 0 byte, stop reading and ask
   for help in the forum.

6) Store these downloaded files in a safe place.

7) Reboot your router to remove any temporary file from your router.

Installation
------------
Flash the initramfs image in the OEM firmware interface.
When openwrt boots, flash the sysupgrade image otherwise you won't be
able to keep configuration between reboots.

Restore OEM Firmware
--------------------
Flash the "mtd4ro" file you previously backed-up directly from LUCI.
Warning: Remember to not keep settings!
Warning2: Remember to force the flash.

Notes
-----
1) The "System Command" page allows to run every command as root.
   For example you can use "dd" and "nc" to backup the OEM firmware.
   PC (SERVER):
	nc -l 5555 > ./mtdXro
   ROUTER (CLIENT):
	dd if=/dev/mtdXro | nc PC_IP_ADDRESS 5555

2) The OEM web interface accepts only images containing the string
   "WN583A6" in the filename.
   Currently the OEM interface accepts only the initramfs image
   probably because it checks if the ih_size in the image header is
   equal to the whole image size (instead of the kernel size)
   Read more here:
   https://forum.openwrt.org/t/support-for-strong-1200/22768/19

3) The white led (namely "Smart Night Light") can be controller by the
   user only if the side switch is set to "Schedule" otherwise it will
   be activated by the light condition (there is a photodiode on the
   top side of the router)

4) Router mac addresses:

   LAN		XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:8F
   WAN		XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:90
   WIFI 2G	XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:91
   WIFI 5G	XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:92

   LABEL	XX:XX:XX:XX:XX:91

Signed-off-by: Davide Fioravanti <pantanastyle@gmail.com>
[remove chosen node, fix whitespace]
Signed-off-by: Adrian Schmutzler <freifunk@adrianschmutzler.de>

---
## [mahlemiut/wolfmame](https://github.com/mahlemiut/wolfmame)@[fecce8defc...](https://github.com/mahlemiut/wolfmame/commit/fecce8defc69f3ef0f63df86a2994d624d50b843)
#### Saturday 2020-07-25 22:11:28 by Firehawke

New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Drug Alert!, Typing Tutor III with Letter Invaders, Micro-LADS 1: Plurals and Noun/Verb Agreement, Bounce!, Barron's SAT: 2nd Edition, Barron's SAT: 1st Edition, Animal Hotel, Behind The Wheel: Blue Level, Garbage Gang, Winnie the Pooh in the Hundred Acre Wood (Sunburst Communications release), Wild West Math Level 5, Writer Rabbit (Version 1.3), Poker Parat, Deutsche Grammatik: der-die-das, Stoichiometry, Path Tactics (Version 1.0), Picture Chompers (Version 1.0), History Makers (Version 1.0), California Games, Snooper Troops and the case of The Granite Point Ghost, Wortgefect, Ace Detective, Phonics Prime Time: Vowels II (Version 1.0), Number Munchers (Version 1.3), To Preserve, Protect and Defend (Version 1.0), Science Toolkit Plus (Version 2.0), Tycoon (Version 2.1), Conquering Fractions (+, -) (Version 1.0), Bag of Tricks (Version 2.1), Colossus Chess IV, Asteroids in Space, GFL Championship Football, World Games, The Seven Cities of Gold, Rocket Factory (Version 1.0), Exploring Chaos (Version 1.0), Amazing Arithmetricks (Version 1.0), Wonderland Puzzles (Version 1.0), Conquering Fractions (×, ÷) (Version 1.0), Treasures for Sale (Version 1.0), Take a Chance! (Version 1.0), Pizza To Go (Version 1.0), Moving Museum (Version 1.0), Nutrition Nabber (Version 1.0), Fish School (Version 1.0), CryptoQuest (Version 1.0), Electrifying Adventures (Version 1.0), Eerieville Library (Version 1.0), Dr. Livingstone, I Presume? (Version 1.0), Decimal Concepts (Version 1.0), Picture a Story (Version 1.0), Grammar Madness (Version 1.0), Grammar Gobble (Version 1.0), Exploring Sequences and Series (Version 1.0), Cavity Busters (Version 1.0), Sun and Seasons (Version 1.0), The Living Cell (Version 1.0), Problem Solving with Nim (Version 1.0), Paper Plane Pilot (Version 1.0), Five-Star Forecast (Version 1.0), Conquering Decimals (×, ÷) (Version 1.0), Grammar Toy Shop (Version 1.0), Cleanwater Detectives (Version 1.0), Murphy's Minerals (Version 1.0), Lunar Greenhouse (Version 1.0), Fossil Hunter (Version 1.0), Weeds to Trees (Version 1.0), Miner's Cave (Version 1.0), Estimation: Quick Solve I (Version 1.0), Estimation Strategies (Version 1.0), Estimation Activities (Version 1.0), Conquering Decimals (+, -) (Version 1.0), Exploring Gas Laws (Version 1.0), Invisible Bugs (Version 1.0), Backyard Birds (Version 1.0), Bluegrass Bluff (Version 1.0), Time Navigator Around The World (Version 1.0), Fraction Munchers (Version 1.0), Those Amazing Reading Machines I (Version 1.0), Those Amazing Reading Machines II (Version 1.0), Those Amazing Reading Machines III (Version 1.0), CommuniKeys (Version 1.1), Fraction Practice Unlimited (Version 1.1), Measure Works (Version 1.0), Money Works (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Compound It! (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Contraction Action (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Prefix Power (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Suffix Sense (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Blends and Digraphs (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Initial Consonants (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Final Consonants (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Vowels I (Version 1.0) [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: Deutsche Grammatik: der-die-das (cleanly cracked), MECC-A816 Electronic Money (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked), MECC-A816 Electronic Money (Version 1.1) (cleanly cracked), MECC-A824 Classification (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked), MECC-A757 Computer Generated Mathematics Materials Volume 1: Problem Solving (Version 1.3) (cleanly cracked), Dinosaur Construction Kit: Tyrannosaurus Rex (cleanly cracked), Sentence Combining (cleanly cracked), Rhymes and Riddles (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Jabbertalky (cleanly cracked), German Word Order (cleanly cracked), German Word Order (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), The Wizard of Id's WizMath (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

---
## [tabzlock/hashbrown-os](https://github.com/tabzlock/hashbrown-os)@[33e4d592fe...](https://github.com/tabzlock/hashbrown-os/commit/33e4d592fe63738f8c87bc5fe6b13d8421df211a)
#### Saturday 2020-07-25 22:33:05 by tabzlock

Yeah I did shit

Changed readme.md to be more stupid

---
## [DerpFest-Ten/platform_frameworks_base](https://github.com/DerpFest-Ten/platform_frameworks_base)@[61edd988d8...](https://github.com/DerpFest-Ten/platform_frameworks_base/commit/61edd988d8b73ead8ef3ef5a121e628e8e46f5fd)
#### Saturday 2020-07-25 23:28:46 by Anay Wadhera

base: force-enable permissions hub regardless of what google says we can and can't do

>:( fuck you google

Change-Id: I4343d97b462f36ff631251beda1a2910b6f2eaab
Signed-off-by: NurKeinNeid <mralexman3000@gmail.com>

---

# [<](2020-07-24.md) 2020-07-25 [>](2020-07-26.md)

