# [<](2020-06-19.md) 2020-06-20 [>](2020-06-21.md)

1,615,151 events, 888,142 push events, 1,307,766 commit messages, 81,568,429 characters


## [Caldony/tgstation](https://github.com/Caldony/tgstation)@[487800d128...](https://github.com/Caldony/tgstation/commit/487800d128d454177cd1369bd2850ecd3dea1ed6)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 00:21:40 by Caldony

fixies

this is such a hacky and stupid fix holy shit

---
## [jnanquen/MineriadeDatos](https://github.com/jnanquen/MineriadeDatos)@[a58a671579...](https://github.com/jnanquen/MineriadeDatos/commit/a58a671579bc4a4e505592a37184fb96ad177035)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 00:37:23 by jnanquen

Adult Data Set

Abstract: Predict whether income exceeds $50K/yr based on census data. Also known as "Census Income" dataset.


Data Set Characteristics:  

Multivariate

Number of Instances:

48842

Area:

Social

Attribute Characteristics:

Categorical, Integer

Number of Attributes:

14

Date Donated

1996-05-01

Associated Tasks:

Classification

Missing Values?

Yes

Number of Web Hits:

1857861


Source:

Donor:

Ronny Kohavi and Barry Becker
Data Mining and Visualization
Silicon Graphics.
e-mail: ronnyk '@' live.com for questions.


Data Set Information:

Extraction was done by Barry Becker from the 1994 Census database. A set of reasonably clean records was extracted using the following conditions: ((AAGE>16) && (AGI>100) && (AFNLWGT>1)&& (HRSWK>0))

Prediction task is to determine whether a person makes over 50K a year.


Attribute Information:

Listing of attributes:

>50K, <=50K.

age: continuous.
workclass: Private, Self-emp-not-inc, Self-emp-inc, Federal-gov, Local-gov, State-gov, Without-pay, Never-worked.
fnlwgt: continuous.
education: Bachelors, Some-college, 11th, HS-grad, Prof-school, Assoc-acdm, Assoc-voc, 9th, 7th-8th, 12th, Masters, 1st-4th, 10th, Doctorate, 5th-6th, Preschool.
education-num: continuous.
marital-status: Married-civ-spouse, Divorced, Never-married, Separated, Widowed, Married-spouse-absent, Married-AF-spouse.
occupation: Tech-support, Craft-repair, Other-service, Sales, Exec-managerial, Prof-specialty, Handlers-cleaners, Machine-op-inspct, Adm-clerical, Farming-fishing, Transport-moving, Priv-house-serv, Protective-serv, Armed-Forces.
relationship: Wife, Own-child, Husband, Not-in-family, Other-relative, Unmarried.
race: White, Asian-Pac-Islander, Amer-Indian-Eskimo, Other, Black.
sex: Female, Male.
capital-gain: continuous.
capital-loss: continuous.
hours-per-week: continuous.
native-country: United-States, Cambodia, England, Puerto-Rico, Canada, Germany, Outlying-US(Guam-USVI-etc), India, Japan, Greece, South, China, Cuba, Iran, Honduras, Philippines, Italy, Poland, Jamaica, Vietnam, Mexico, Portugal, Ireland, France, Dominican-Republic, Laos, Ecuador, Taiwan, Haiti, Columbia, Hungary, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Scotland, Thailand, Yugoslavia, El-Salvador, Trinadad&Tobago, Peru, Hong, Holand-Netherlands.


Relevant Papers:

Ron Kohavi, "Scaling Up the Accuracy of Naive-Bayes Classifiers: a Decision-Tree Hybrid", Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining, 1996
[Web Link]




Fuente: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/adult

---
## [Jiwer/spot_mod_eu4](https://github.com/Jiwer/spot_mod_eu4)@[1a43676257...](https://github.com/Jiwer/spot_mod_eu4/commit/1a43676257b63a6200a573abe711fb3680f61613)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 03:12:52 by Paul Hutcherson

i refuse to allow war of the roses to be changed

england is fucking buffed enough if you get a shit king deal with it

---
## [Firehawke/mame](https://github.com/Firehawke/mame)@[3ecf7f5479...](https://github.com/Firehawke/mame/commit/3ecf7f547963bc9305fc5f9d83447b25f6e9fb7a)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 05:26:16 by Firehawke

New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Drug Alert!, Typing Tutor III with Letter Invaders, Fraktured Faebles, A View To A Kill, Ballyhoo (Release 97 / 851218), Championship Golf, Dunjonquest: The Datestones of Ryn, GraFORTH, Micro-LADS 5: Negatives, Micro-LADS 6: Deictic Expressions, Passive, WH-questions, Micro-LADS 7: Prepositions II, The Last Gladiator, The Incredible Laboratory, Odd One Out, Algernon: An Introduction to Programming Logic, The Personal Secretary (Version 1.1), The Executive Secretary (Version 4.2), The Legend of Blacksilver, Magical Myths, Matterhorn Screamer, The Demon's Forge, Micro-LADS 1: Plurals and Noun/Verb Agreement, Micro-LADS 2: Verb Forms, Micro-LADS 3: Prepositions, Micro-LADS 4: Pronouns, Bounce!, Barron's SAT: 2nd Edition, Barron's SAT: 1st Edition, Animal Hotel, Behind The Wheel: Blue Level, Garbage Gang, Winnie the Pooh in the Hundred Acre Wood (Sunburst Communications release), Wild West Math Level 5, Writer Rabbit (Version 1.3), Poker Parat, Deutsche Grammatik: der-die-das, Stoichiometry, Path Tactics (Version 1.0), Picture Chompers (Version 1.0), History Makers (Version 1.0), California Games, Snooper Troops and the case of The Granite Point Ghost, Wortgefect, Ace Detective, Phonics Prime Time: Vowels II (Version 1.0), Number Munchers (Version 1.3), To Preserve, Protect and Defend (Version 1.0), Science Toolkit Plus (Version 2.0), Tycoon (Version 2.1), Conquering Fractions (+, -) (Version 1.0), Bag of Tricks (Version 2.1), Colossus Chess IV, Asteroids in Space, GFL Championship Football, World Games, The Seven Cities of Gold, Rocket Factory (Version 1.0), Exploring Chaos (Version 1.0), Amazing Arithmetricks (Version 1.0), Wonderland Puzzles (Version 1.0), Conquering Fractions (×, ÷) (Version 1.0), Treasures for Sale (Version 1.0), Take a Chance! (Version 1.0), Pizza To Go (Version 1.0), Moving Museum (Version 1.0), Nutrition Nabber (Version 1.0), Fish School (Version 1.0), CryptoQuest (Version 1.0), Electrifying Adventures (Version 1.0), Eerieville Library (Version 1.0), Dr. Livingstone, I Presume? (Version 1.0), Decimal Concepts (Version 1.0), Picture a Story (Version 1.0), Grammar Madness (Version 1.0), Grammar Gobble (Version 1.0), Exploring Sequences and Series (Version 1.0), Cavity Busters (Version 1.0), Sun and Seasons (Version 1.0), The Living Cell (Version 1.0), Problem Solving with Nim (Version 1.0), Paper Plane Pilot (Version 1.0), Five-Star Forecast (Version 1.0), Conquering Decimals (×, ÷) (Version 1.0), Grammar Toy Shop (Version 1.0), Cleanwater Detectives (Version 1.0), Murphy's Minerals (Version 1.0), Lunar Greenhouse (Version 1.0), Fossil Hunter (Version 1.0), Weeds to Trees (Version 1.0), Miner's Cave (Version 1.0), Estimation: Quick Solve I (Version 1.0), Estimation Strategies (Version 1.0), Estimation Activities (Version 1.0), Conquering Decimals (+, -) (Version 1.0), Exploring Gas Laws (Version 1.0), Invisible Bugs (Version 1.0), Backyard Birds (Version 1.0), Bluegrass Bluff (Version 1.0), Time Navigator Around The World (Version 1.0), Fraction Munchers (Version 1.0), Those Amazing Reading Machines I (Version 1.0), Those Amazing Reading Machines II (Version 1.0), Those Amazing Reading Machines III (Version 1.0), CommuniKeys (Version 1.1), Fraction Practice Unlimited (Version 1.1), Measure Works (Version 1.0), Money Works (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Compound It! (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Contraction Action (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Prefix Power (Version 1.0), Words at Work: Suffix Sense (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Blends and Digraphs (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Initial Consonants (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Final Consonants (Version 1.0), Phonics Prime Time: Vowels I (Version 1.0) [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: Animal Watch: Wolves (cleanly cracked), Animal Watch: Whales (cleanly cracked), Animal Watch: Tracks (cleanly cracked), Homonyms I (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Homonyms II (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Pronouns I (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Pronouns II (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Verbs I (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Verbs II (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Deutsch: Aktuell 1 (Second Edition) (cleanly cracked), Deutsche Grammatik: der-die-das (cleanly cracked), MECC-A816 Electronic Money (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked), MECC-A816 Electronic Money (Version 1.1) (cleanly cracked), MECC-A824 Classification (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked), MECC-A757 Computer Generated Mathematics Materials Volume 1: Problem Solving (Version 1.3) (cleanly cracked), Dinosaur Construction Kit: Tyrannosaurus Rex (cleanly cracked), Sentence Combining (cleanly cracked), Rhymes and Riddles (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), Jabbertalky (cleanly cracked), German Word Order (cleanly cracked), German Word Order (Revision 2) (cleanly cracked), The Wizard of Id's WizMath (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

---
## [Bhavna25/Python_Games](https://github.com/Bhavna25/Python_Games)@[0411b90f09...](https://github.com/Bhavna25/Python_Games/commit/0411b90f0976a7e8a69fe1a0180e8e80882340e8)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 06:59:25 by Bhavna25

Create [HackWithInfy] - Dora's Batteries

Shinchan is overjoyed that you were able to clear the maze. Good job! His other friends haven't been so lucky. While you are on Party IslandTM  it seems everyone is enjoying themselves. Noddy doesn't look like he's heading back any time soon. You, on the other hand, want to get home to start practicing for the upcoming Edyst Web Development Course.

You meet Dora, the explorer, who says that there is a way back home using the ship. You've always wanted to experience a cruise - so you agree to follow her.

To get to the ship though, you need to cross a tunnel. The tunnel is very long and we will need flashlights to see in the dark.


Dora has a pack of N batteries.

Given a battery of certain rating Ai, the battery's power is the number of set bits in Ai
When two batteries Ai and Aj combine, their combined power becomes  Ai || Aj, where || is the bitwise OR operator
Dora had carefully packed the batteries such that the power of the entire set of batteries is just enough to help us cross the tunnel. However, now we need to remove some batteries, without hurting the overall power of the set of batteries, because we don't have enough space in the backpack.

Given a set of N battery ratings, choose the minimum number of batteries min such that the power of the min batteries is the same as power of N batteries.

Constraints:

1 <= N <= 105
1 <= Ai <= 106
Input format

The first line contains T, the number of test cases. Each of the following T lines contain:
N followed by N numbers A1, A2, A3...... An
Output format

Print min batteries required for each test case
Example Input

3
4 3 5 7 13
4 2 4 8 16
4 5 3 1 7
Output

2
4
1
Explanation:

Case 1: we have powers: 3: 011, 5: 101, 7: 111, 13: 1101. Combining 13 and 7 will give us 15 : 1111, which is the same as the bitwise OR of entire batteries. Thus answer is 2 - only 2 batteries needed

Case 2: we need all 4 numbers to reach combined powers of  11110

Case 3: we only need 7 ( 111) to reach the same combined power as the entire batteries

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4faee264bb...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/4faee264bb7c4fd46443554e78864b690417a94a)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 07:20:00 by Marko Grdinić

"8:55am. Right now I am still recovering from that 10/10 trolling attempt on my life. Yesterday and the day before I was incandescent the whole time and laid out in bed. Right now I am in a more normal state of mind, but feel like resting for a while. Since I've worked hard for so long, I deserve an vacation every now and then. I'll resume programming when I feel like it.

If there is one message I am going to take from this event, it is that it is time for me to start developing my mask of professionalism. I'll need it anyway for important things down the road once I am done with Spiral and looking to get my hands on those chips.

I even at this age retain too much of my juvenile high school mentality. Even though the school is long over, I am still in school and this is a good time to graduate. Schools are such an abnormal, forced situations. When you are an adult, you have the freedom of association, but in school you are forced to endure the tedium and associate with those you dislike. I did not get much for being an adult, but from here on out I am going try and play social situations more like DCSS as opposed to Diablo.

I am going to get both more dignity and free up my schedule a little as a result. It is a win-win.

9:15am. Unlike usually, I won't aim to do any programming in the morning today. Like in January I think I'll try to vacation a bit. The best way to start work isn't to force yourself, but to just get tired of the triviality of wasting time."

---
## [tinatt1/open-location-code](https://github.com/tinatt1/open-location-code)@[b4f8d1e2fd...](https://github.com/tinatt1/open-location-code/commit/b4f8d1e2fd41b169f83eb7b597832bba042f444c)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 13:16:00 by tinatt1

Tt

This asshole and his friend has hacked into my moms internet n stoled her adinity.. not only that they emptied out all my moms bank accounts.. not only did they do that but they are watching my mom change in her bedroom.. these 2 guys live at 4323 eclipses ave Niagara Falls Canada In chippawa.. also they are pretending to own Jpms enterprise's.. the FBI IS INVESTIGATING THEM BOTH DUE TO ALL THE EVIDENCE THAT THEY HAVE.. DONT WORRY BOYS CAUSE THE FBI IS NOT EVEN YOUR BIGGEST THREAT.. IF YOU ONLY HAVE A CLUE WHO MY FAMILY IS .. MY DAD IS THE ONE I WOULD FEAR THE MOST .. THATS RIGHT JUST LOOK UP THE LAST NAME WARD MOTHER FUCKERS CAUSE TRUST ME YOUR GONNA NEED MORE THAN THE FBI  LET ME TELL YOU!! WELL BE AWARE OF THESE 2 PERVERTED FUCKS AND THE WORST THING THAT THEY DID WAS PUT A SPY IN MY 4 YEAR OLD SISTER'S BEDROOM CAUSE THEY WERE WATCHING HER GET UNDRESSED AS WELL... WE FOUND OUT IT WAS THEM CAUSE ME N MY MOM  HAD FRIENDS OVER AND THEY TRIED TO HACK THERE CELL PHONES AND IT TOOK ALL THREE OF OUR CELL PHONES TO HIS ADDRESS.. THATS RIGHT YOU SICK FUVKS..

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[8b1f383968...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/8b1f383968fbbb5a9a10fe0de761dae674fa88ad)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 17:25:52 by Venarir

fucking hopefully unbuged

fuck you bronco fuck fuck youf fuckdjsalkfjdlnx;z

---
## [atooq/.github](https://github.com/atooq/.github)@[fa358c8144...](https://github.com/atooq/.github/commit/fa358c814438b18e712753bc37097ee9293e7dc3)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 18:44:53 by Rifki Rubini

Update_CODE_OF_CONDUCT

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body
size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression,
level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal
appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team at [opensource@cloudflare.com]. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that
is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project team is
obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident.
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4,
available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html

[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org
[opensource@cloudflare.com]: mailto:opensource@cloudflare.com

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq

---
## [Caldony/tgstation](https://github.com/Caldony/tgstation)@[9ef38a0217...](https://github.com/Caldony/tgstation/commit/9ef38a0217fa8845dd102276d5177fad4f60beaf)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 20:08:08 by caluany

holy shit how did I miss this

the XP wasn't properly distributed, I didn't change the gamerover_check that much from the original but still how in the fuck did I not see that

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[182a2e985b...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/182a2e985b33c878aa5800a158d64ff3c2fadf9b)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 20:27:31 by Venarir

fuck you fucking ny/lapd crash

unbuged that shit next problem is the fucking godamn horseshit zeal buge

---
## [dinhjason0/Yuzuki](https://github.com/dinhjason0/Yuzuki)@[c3736bad26...](https://github.com/dinhjason0/Yuzuki/commit/c3736bad261b7c6fdcadda71811f5ba76dd2ed32)
#### Saturday 2020-06-20 22:46:02 by Jason

Cogs were added
Reformatted everything
God I hate my life

---

# [<](2020-06-19.md) 2020-06-20 [>](2020-06-21.md)

