# [<](2020-01-25.md) 2020-01-26 [>](2020-01-27.md)

1,283,804 events, 723,984 push events, 1,049,764 commit messages, 64,042,093 characters


## [newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk)@[9b90a39dc7...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk/commit/9b90a39dc7f9b5facce4015587b90547bc788705)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 02:59:20 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.theguardian.com/business/grogonomics/2020/jan/26/if-you-love-australia-climate-change-should-scare-the-hell-out-of-you]

---
## [atheme/atheme](https://github.com/atheme/atheme)@[8f1afa5d55...](https://github.com/atheme/atheme/commit/8f1afa5d55929db3b428996ac578398a90783c03)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 04:15:46 by Aaron Jones

Entire codebase: Clean up Makefiles and assorted build system stuff

- Add a license header to Makefiles (and the files they include)
  where missing, and indicate who has modified each Makefile based on
  the Git history. This was overlooked by commit 507f49117bea9a3f.

- Add myself to the copyright headers in Makefiles that I have heavily
  modified; mostly during my work over the last 2 years on refactoring
  and cleaning up the entire build system.

- Relicense Makefiles I have entirely (re)written to CC0-1.0, i.e. now
  Public Domain.

- Always include extra.mk first, then define any non-additive variables
  that buildsys.mk depends on for dependency tracking, then include
  buildsys.mk and, if needed, buildsys.module.mk, before adding to any
  variables those would have defined.

- Add missing test for the preprocessor to configure.ac

  buildsys.mk.in was relying on this being set

- Don't use ${PACKAGE} in includesubdir because the header files
  themselves have a hardcoded "atheme/" inclusion of other headers.

- Don't add '-I.' to CPPFLAGS; the compiler always looks in the current
  directory first for #include "foo.h" style directives.

- Use ${foo} instead of $(foo) in Makefiles; make allows either form,
  and treats them identically, except when you mix () and {} in some
  expressions, so settle on a single set of braces now.

- Break long lists of sources / libraries / flags into a list of one per
  line, indent and align with spaces instead of tabs so that it still
  renders the same for people who change the tab width in their editor,
  and align the line-continuation marker to a column not a multiple of 8
  to immediately discourage most future additions that use tabs.

- Alphabetise some erroneously-overlooked source file lists in Makefiles,
  particularly modules/nickserv/Makefile.

- Use $@ in Makefiles where possible to avoid using redundant filenames

- Test for -Wno-format-zero-length to hide a harmless diagnostic
  introduced during the addition of translation support to the crypto
  benchmarking utility

- Library test M4 files that don't use pkg-config now unconditionally
  set FOO_CFLAGS as well as FOO_LIBS. Normally the _CFLAGS variable is
  provided by pkg-config, but we should start using it unconditionally
  in extra.mk.in and Makefiles so that if those libraries gain pkg-config
  compatibility in the future we can start making use of it immediately.

- Put all conditional build variables/targets first in their respective
  variables in Makefiles.

- Move the "Remember to edit your config file" notice to the Makefile in
  src/services/ so that it is displayed close to the bottom of the install
  target, where it is more likely to be read.

- Remove obsolete rm calls from src/services/Makefile for installing into
  a directory containing an extremely old Atheme installation.

- Move installation of NEWS.md -> RELEASE outside of the bottom of a
  subshell in src/services/Makefile -- its presence there was only
  confusing.

- Add missing subdirectory to SUBDIRS in tools/Makefile.

- Make both tools/*/Makefiles not install their respective programs.

  These are not expected to be used by users, and in fact are not even
  installed at all anyway because tools itself is not in the SUBDIRS
  variable in the root Makefile, nor does this commit add it.

---
## [UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael)@[4e369c5785...](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael/commit/4e369c57852852f3e2c68f76e167c8dadd644c85)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 05:44:17 by Christian Brauner

BACKPORT: signal: add pidfd_send_signal() syscall

The kill() syscall operates on process identifiers (pid). After a process
has exited its pid can be reused by another process. If a caller sends a
signal to a reused pid it will end up signaling the wrong process. This
issue has often surfaced and there has been a push to address this problem [1].

This patch uses file descriptors (fd) from proc/<pid> as stable handles on
struct pid. Even if a pid is recycled the handle will not change. The fd
can be used to send signals to the process it refers to.
Thus, the new syscall pidfd_send_signal() is introduced to solve this
problem. Instead of pids it operates on process fds (pidfd).

/* prototype and argument /*
long pidfd_send_signal(int pidfd, int sig, siginfo_t *info, unsigned int flags);

/* syscall number 424 */
The syscall number was chosen to be 424 to align with Arnd's rework in his
y2038 to minimize merge conflicts (cf. [25]).

In addition to the pidfd and signal argument it takes an additional
siginfo_t and flags argument. If the siginfo_t argument is NULL then
pidfd_send_signal() is equivalent to kill(<positive-pid>, <signal>). If it
is not NULL pidfd_send_signal() is equivalent to rt_sigqueueinfo().
The flags argument is added to allow for future extensions of this syscall.
It currently needs to be passed as 0. Failing to do so will cause EINVAL.

/* pidfd_send_signal() replaces multiple pid-based syscalls */
The pidfd_send_signal() syscall currently takes on the job of
rt_sigqueueinfo(2) and parts of the functionality of kill(2), Namely, when a
positive pid is passed to kill(2). It will however be possible to also
replace tgkill(2) and rt_tgsigqueueinfo(2) if this syscall is extended.

/* sending signals to threads (tid) and process groups (pgid) */
Specifically, the pidfd_send_signal() syscall does currently not operate on
process groups or threads. This is left for future extensions.
In order to extend the syscall to allow sending signal to threads and
process groups appropriately named flags (e.g. PIDFD_TYPE_PGID, and
PIDFD_TYPE_TID) should be added. This implies that the flags argument will
determine what is signaled and not the file descriptor itself. Put in other
words, grouping in this api is a property of the flags argument not a
property of the file descriptor (cf. [13]). Clarification for this has been
requested by Eric (cf. [19]).
When appropriate extensions through the flags argument are added then
pidfd_send_signal() can additionally replace the part of kill(2) which
operates on process groups as well as the tgkill(2) and
rt_tgsigqueueinfo(2) syscalls.
How such an extension could be implemented has been very roughly sketched
in [14], [15], and [16]. However, this should not be taken as a commitment
to a particular implementation. There might be better ways to do it.
Right now this is intentionally left out to keep this patchset as simple as
possible (cf. [4]).

/* naming */
The syscall had various names throughout iterations of this patchset:
- procfd_signal()
- procfd_send_signal()
- taskfd_send_signal()
In the last round of reviews it was pointed out that given that if the
flags argument decides the scope of the signal instead of different types
of fds it might make sense to either settle for "procfd_" or "pidfd_" as
prefix. The community was willing to accept either (cf. [17] and [18]).
Given that one developer expressed strong preference for the "pidfd_"
prefix (cf. [13]) and with other developers less opinionated about the name
we should settle for "pidfd_" to avoid further bikeshedding.

The  "_send_signal" suffix was chosen to reflect the fact that the syscall
takes on the job of multiple syscalls. It is therefore intentional that the
name is not reminiscent of neither kill(2) nor rt_sigqueueinfo(2). Not the
fomer because it might imply that pidfd_send_signal() is a replacement for
kill(2), and not the latter because it is a hassle to remember the correct
spelling - especially for non-native speakers - and because it is not
descriptive enough of what the syscall actually does. The name
"pidfd_send_signal" makes it very clear that its job is to send signals.

/* zombies */
Zombies can be signaled just as any other process. No special error will be
reported since a zombie state is an unreliable state (cf. [3]). However,
this can be added as an extension through the @flags argument if the need
ever arises.

/* cross-namespace signals */
The patch currently enforces that the signaler and signalee either are in
the same pid namespace or that the signaler's pid namespace is an ancestor
of the signalee's pid namespace. This is done for the sake of simplicity
and because it is unclear to what values certain members of struct
siginfo_t would need to be set to (cf. [5], [6]).

/* compat syscalls */
It became clear that we would like to avoid adding compat syscalls
(cf. [7]).  The compat syscall handling is now done in kernel/signal.c
itself by adding __copy_siginfo_from_user_generic() which lets us avoid
compat syscalls (cf. [8]). It should be noted that the addition of
__copy_siginfo_from_user_any() is caused by a bug in the original
implementation of rt_sigqueueinfo(2) (cf. 12).
With upcoming rework for syscall handling things might improve
significantly (cf. [11]) and __copy_siginfo_from_user_any() will not gain
any additional callers.

/* testing */
This patch was tested on x64 and x86.

/* userspace usage */
An asciinema recording for the basic functionality can be found under [9].
With this patch a process can be killed via:

 #define _GNU_SOURCE
 #include <errno.h>
 #include <fcntl.h>
 #include <signal.h>
 #include <stdio.h>
 #include <stdlib.h>
 #include <string.h>
 #include <sys/stat.h>
 #include <sys/syscall.h>
 #include <sys/types.h>
 #include <unistd.h>

 static inline int do_pidfd_send_signal(int pidfd, int sig, siginfo_t *info,
                                         unsigned int flags)
 {
 #ifdef __NR_pidfd_send_signal
         return syscall(__NR_pidfd_send_signal, pidfd, sig, info, flags);
 #else
         return -ENOSYS;
 #endif
 }

 int main(int argc, char *argv[])
 {
         int fd, ret, saved_errno, sig;

         if (argc < 3)
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);

         fd = open(argv[1], O_DIRECTORY | O_CLOEXEC);
         if (fd < 0) {
                 printf("%s - Failed to open \"%s\"\n", strerror(errno), argv[1]);
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);
         }

         sig = atoi(argv[2]);

         printf("Sending signal %d to process %s\n", sig, argv[1]);
         ret = do_pidfd_send_signal(fd, sig, NULL, 0);

         saved_errno = errno;
         close(fd);
         errno = saved_errno;

         if (ret < 0) {
                 printf("%s - Failed to send signal %d to process %s\n",
                        strerror(errno), sig, argv[1]);
                 exit(EXIT_FAILURE);
         }

         exit(EXIT_SUCCESS);
 }

/* Q&A
 * Given that it seems the same questions get asked again by people who are
 * late to the party it makes sense to add a Q&A section to the commit
 * message so it's hopefully easier to avoid duplicate threads.
 *
 * For the sake of progress please consider these arguments settled unless
 * there is a new point that desperately needs to be addressed. Please make
 * sure to check the links to the threads in this commit message whether
 * this has not already been covered.
 */
Q-01: (Florian Weimer [20], Andrew Morton [21])
      What happens when the target process has exited?
A-01: Sending the signal will fail with ESRCH (cf. [22]).

Q-02:  (Andrew Morton [21])
       Is the task_struct pinned by the fd?
A-02:  No. A reference to struct pid is kept. struct pid - as far as I
       understand - was created exactly for the reason to not require to
       pin struct task_struct (cf. [22]).

Q-03: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Does the entire procfs directory remain visible? Just one entry
      within it?
A-03: The same thing that happens right now when you hold a file descriptor
      to /proc/<pid> open (cf. [22]).

Q-04: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Does the pid remain reserved?
A-04: No. This patchset guarantees a stable handle not that pids are not
      recycled (cf. [22]).

Q-05: (Andrew Morton [21])
      Do attempts to signal that fd return errors?
A-05: See {Q,A}-01.

Q-06: (Andrew Morton [22])
      Is there a cleaner way of obtaining the fd? Another syscall perhaps.
A-06: Userspace can already trivially retrieve file descriptors from procfs
      so this is something that we will need to support anyway. Hence,
      there's no immediate need to add another syscalls just to make
      pidfd_send_signal() not dependent on the presence of procfs. However,
      adding a syscalls to get such file descriptors is planned for a
      future patchset (cf. [22]).

Q-07: (Andrew Morton [21] and others)
      This fd-for-a-process sounds like a handy thing and people may well
      think up other uses for it in the future, probably unrelated to
      signals. Are the code and the interface designed to permit such
      future applications?
A-07: Yes (cf. [22]).

Q-08: (Andrew Morton [21] and others)
      Now I think about it, why a new syscall? This thing is looking
      rather like an ioctl?
A-08: This has been extensively discussed. It was agreed that a syscall is
      preferred for a variety or reasons. Here are just a few taken from
      prior threads. Syscalls are safer than ioctl()s especially when
      signaling to fds. Processes are a core kernel concept so a syscall
      seems more appropriate. The layout of the syscall with its four
      arguments would require the addition of a custom struct for the
      ioctl() thereby causing at least the same amount or even more
      complexity for userspace than a simple syscall. The new syscall will
      replace multiple other pid-based syscalls (see description above).
      The file-descriptors-for-processes concept introduced with this
      syscall will be extended with other syscalls in the future. See also
      [22], [23] and various other threads already linked in here.

Q-09: (Florian Weimer [24])
      What happens if you use the new interface with an O_PATH descriptor?
A-09:
      pidfds opened as O_PATH fds cannot be used to send signals to a
      process (cf. [2]). Signaling processes through pidfds is the
      equivalent of writing to a file. Thus, this is not an operation that
      operates "purely at the file descriptor level" as required by the
      open(2) manpage. See also [4].

/* References */
[1]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181029221037.87724-1-dancol@google.com/
[2]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/874lbtjvtd.fsf@oldenburg2.str.redhat.com/
[3]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181204132604.aspfupwjgjx6fhva@brauner.io/
[4]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181203180224.fkvw4kajtbvru2ku@brauner.io/
[5]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181121213946.GA10795@mail.hallyn.com/
[6]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181120103111.etlqp7zop34v6nv4@brauner.io/
[7]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/36323361-90BD-41AF-AB5B-EE0D7BA02C21@amacapital.net/
[8]:  https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/87tvjxp8pc.fsf@xmission.com/
[9]:  https://asciinema.org/a/IQjuCHew6bnq1cr78yuMv16cy
[11]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/F53D6D38-3521-4C20-9034-5AF447DF62FF@amacapital.net/
[12]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/87zhtjn8ck.fsf@xmission.com/
[13]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/871s6u9z6u.fsf@xmission.com/
[14]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181206231742.xxi4ghn24z4h2qki@brauner.io/
[15]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181207003124.GA11160@mail.hallyn.com/
[16]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181207015423.4miorx43l3qhppfz@brauner.io/
[17]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/CAGXu5jL8PciZAXvOvCeCU3wKUEB_dU-O3q0tDw4uB_ojMvDEew@mail.gmail.com/
[18]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181206222746.GB9224@mail.hallyn.com/
[19]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181208054059.19813-1-christian@brauner.io/
[20]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/8736rebl9s.fsf@oldenburg.str.redhat.com/
[21]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181228152012.dbf0508c2508138efc5f2bbe@linux-foundation.org/
[22]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/20181228233725.722tdfgijxcssg76@brauner.io/
[23]: https://lwn.net/Articles/773459/
[24]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/8736rebl9s.fsf@oldenburg.str.redhat.com/
[25]: https://lore.kernel.org/lkml/CAK8P3a0ej9NcJM8wXNPbcGUyOUZYX+VLoDFdbenW3s3114oQZw@mail.gmail.com/

Cc: "Eric W. Biederman" <ebiederm@xmission.com>
Cc: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Cc: Andy Lutomirsky <luto@kernel.org>
Cc: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Al Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Florian Weimer <fweimer@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian@brauner.io>
Reviewed-by: Tycho Andersen <tycho@tycho.ws>
Reviewed-by: Kees Cook <keescook@chromium.org>
Reviewed-by: David Howells <dhowells@redhat.com>
Acked-by: Arnd Bergmann <arnd@arndb.de>
Acked-by: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Acked-by: Serge Hallyn <serge@hallyn.com>
Acked-by: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>

(cherry picked from commit 3eb39f47934f9d5a3027fe00d906a45fe3a15fad)

Conflicts:
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl - trivial manual merge
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl - trivial manual merge
        include/linux/proc_fs.h - trivial manual merge
        include/linux/syscalls.h - trivial manual merge
        include/uapi/asm-generic/unistd.h - trivial manual merge
        kernel/signal.c - struct kernel_siginfo does not exist in 4.14
        kernel/sys_ni.c - cond_syscall is used instead of COND_SYSCALL
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl
        arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl

(1. manual merges because of 4.14 differences
 2. change prepare_kill_siginfo() to use struct siginfo instead of
kernel_siginfo
 3. use copy_from_user() instead of copy_siginfo_from_user() in copy_siginfo_from_user_any()
 4. replaced COND_SYSCALL with cond_syscall
 5. Removed __ia32_sys_pidfd_send_signal in arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_32.tbl.
 6. Replaced __x64_sys_pidfd_send_signal with sys_pidfd_send_signal in arch/x86/entry/syscalls/syscall_64.tbl.)

Bug: 135608568
Test: test program using syscall(__NR_pidfd_send_signal,..) to send SIGKILL
Change-Id: I34da11c63ac8cafb0353d9af24c820cef519ec27
Signed-off-by: Suren Baghdasaryan <surenb@google.com>
(cherry picked from commit c8b9b2c5cca36e3bbc567a1f030ee10a795b409d)
(cherry picked from commit bc2aae56cbc3337606ffab64182cb47269961f61)
(cherry picked from commit 14ab996549cf2910bd4ecaacbed3628cfc7e5ca1)
Signed-off-by: UtsavBalar1231 <utsavbalar1231@gmail.com>

---
## [UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael)@[fce4e257a7...](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael/commit/fce4e257a7c4a5d3a881ee695783127110c009b0)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 05:44:17 by Alexander Potapenko

BACKPORT: mm: security: introduce init_on_alloc=1 and init_on_free=1 boot options

Upstream commit 6471384af2a6530696fc0203bafe4de41a23c9ef.

Patch series "add init_on_alloc/init_on_free boot options", v10.

Provide init_on_alloc and init_on_free boot options.

These are aimed at preventing possible information leaks and making the
control-flow bugs that depend on uninitialized values more deterministic.

Enabling either of the options guarantees that the memory returned by the
page allocator and SL[AU]B is initialized with zeroes.  SLOB allocator
isn't supported at the moment, as its emulation of kmem caches complicates
handling of SLAB_TYPESAFE_BY_RCU caches correctly.

Enabling init_on_free also guarantees that pages and heap objects are
initialized right after they're freed, so it won't be possible to access
stale data by using a dangling pointer.

As suggested by Michal Hocko, right now we don't let the heap users to
disable initialization for certain allocations.  There's not enough
evidence that doing so can speed up real-life cases, and introducing ways
to opt-out may result in things going out of control.

This patch (of 2):

The new options are needed to prevent possible information leaks and make
control-flow bugs that depend on uninitialized values more deterministic.

This is expected to be on-by-default on Android and Chrome OS.  And it
gives the opportunity for anyone else to use it under distros too via the
boot args.  (The init_on_free feature is regularly requested by folks
where memory forensics is included in their threat models.)

init_on_alloc=1 makes the kernel initialize newly allocated pages and heap
objects with zeroes.  Initialization is done at allocation time at the
places where checks for __GFP_ZERO are performed.

init_on_free=1 makes the kernel initialize freed pages and heap objects
with zeroes upon their deletion.  This helps to ensure sensitive data
doesn't leak via use-after-free accesses.

Both init_on_alloc=1 and init_on_free=1 guarantee that the allocator
returns zeroed memory.  The two exceptions are slab caches with
constructors and SLAB_TYPESAFE_BY_RCU flag.  Those are never
zero-initialized to preserve their semantics.

Both init_on_alloc and init_on_free default to zero, but those defaults
can be overridden with CONFIG_INIT_ON_ALLOC_DEFAULT_ON and
CONFIG_INIT_ON_FREE_DEFAULT_ON.

If either SLUB poisoning or page poisoning is enabled, those options take
precedence over init_on_alloc and init_on_free: initialization is only
applied to unpoisoned allocations.

Slowdown for the new features compared to init_on_free=0, init_on_alloc=0:

hackbench, init_on_free=1:  +7.62% sys time (st.err 0.74%)
hackbench, init_on_alloc=1: +7.75% sys time (st.err 2.14%)

Linux build with -j12, init_on_free=1:  +8.38% wall time (st.err 0.39%)
Linux build with -j12, init_on_free=1:  +24.42% sys time (st.err 0.52%)
Linux build with -j12, init_on_alloc=1: -0.13% wall time (st.err 0.42%)
Linux build with -j12, init_on_alloc=1: +0.57% sys time (st.err 0.40%)

The slowdown for init_on_free=0, init_on_alloc=0 compared to the baseline
is within the standard error.

The new features are also going to pave the way for hardware memory
tagging (e.g.  arm64's MTE), which will require both on_alloc and on_free
hooks to set the tags for heap objects.  With MTE, tagging will have the
same cost as memory initialization.

Although init_on_free is rather costly, there are paranoid use-cases where
in-memory data lifetime is desired to be minimized.  There are various
arguments for/against the realism of the associated threat models, but
given that we'll need the infrastructure for MTE anyway, and there are
people who want wipe-on-free behavior no matter what the performance cost,
it seems reasonable to include it in this series.

[glider@google.com: v8]
  Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190626121943.131390-2-glider@google.com
[glider@google.com: v9]
  Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190627130316.254309-2-glider@google.com
[glider@google.com: v10]
  Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190628093131.199499-2-glider@google.com
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20190617151050.92663-2-glider@google.com
Signed-off-by: Alexander Potapenko <glider@google.com>
Acked-by: Kees Cook <keescook@chromium.org>
Acked-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.cz>		[page and dmapool parts
Acked-by: James Morris <jamorris@linux.microsoft.com>]
Cc: Christoph Lameter <cl@linux.com>
Cc: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Cc: "Serge E. Hallyn" <serge@hallyn.com>
Cc: Nick Desaulniers <ndesaulniers@google.com>
Cc: Kostya Serebryany <kcc@google.com>
Cc: Dmitry Vyukov <dvyukov@google.com>
Cc: Sandeep Patil <sspatil@android.com>
Cc: Laura Abbott <labbott@redhat.com>
Cc: Randy Dunlap <rdunlap@infradead.org>
Cc: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Cc: Mark Rutland <mark.rutland@arm.com>
Cc: Marco Elver <elver@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

Removed the drivers/infiniband/core/uverbs_ioctl.c part, which is not in
android-common 4.14 kernel.

Change-Id: I6b5482fcafae89615e1d79879191fb6ce50d56cf
Bug: 138435492
Test: Boot cuttlefish with and without
Test:   CONFIG_INIT_ON_ALLOC_DEFAULT_ON/CONFIG_INIT_ON_FREE_DEFAULT_ON
Test: Boot an ARM64 mobile device with and without
Test:   CONFIG_INIT_ON_ALLOC_DEFAULT_ON/CONFIG_INIT_ON_FREE_DEFAULT_ON
Signed-off-by: Alexander Potapenko <glider@google.com>
(cherry picked from commit 8a4e1fcd4b5899935bf2375e7f23af39b95aaede)
(cherry picked from commit d995564220bfeb91ca6fcfe0cb1a769bc89a918a)
(cherry picked from commit ac7d8fe375d0b940f43e6b39f0415de509ae48f3)
Signed-off-by: UtsavBalar1231 <utsavbalar1231@gmail.com>

---
## [johnwbyrd/update-release](https://github.com/johnwbyrd/update-release)@[37ab5de8a1...](https://github.com/johnwbyrd/update-release/commit/37ab5de8a1820a9bbd572547f9e6fdeaa1ded10b)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 06:58:52 by John Byrd

Thanks Visual Studio Code, you're a fucking genius for committing all changes and submitting them to an upstream repository in one step, fuck you too.

---
## [petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts)@[2844f2f096...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts/commit/2844f2f096e019fcf0015404a7ca707335783ef9)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 07:35:40 by petrero

19.1.Live Webhook Testing with Ngrok
If the automated tests aren't your thing, or if you just really want to see your webhooks in action... in real life, you've got two options.

Testing on Beta
The best way, honestly, is to test your webhooks for real, out in the wild, on a beta server. Yep, I simply mean: deploy your code to beta, setup a webhook to point to your beta server, and then start creating test subscriptions through your site.
The only problem is that some webhooks are harder to simulate than others. Want to simulate customer.subscription.deleted? No problem: create a subscription on your site, then log into Stripe and cancel it. Then watch the webhook magic happen.
But faking the invoice.payment_failed webhook because your card is being declined on subscription renewal... well... that's a bit harder. You could wait 1 month and see what happens... if you have a lot of time. Or, you could temporarily create a new subscription plan and set its interval to one day.
Then, you can test a different situation each day: like make sure the subscription renewal webhook works, then update your card to one that will fail, wait one more day, and see how your system handles the invoice.payment_failed webhook.
It's not perfect, it's slow, but it's totally real-world.

Using your Local Machine with Ngrok
The second option is to point a webhook at your local development machine. But wait! That's not possible: our local machine is not accessible by the internet.
Well... that doesn't have to be true. By using a cool utility called Ngrok, you can temporarily tunnel a public URL to your computer.
Let's try it! Since I already have ngrok installed, I can use it from any directory on my system:

ngrok http 8000
That will expose port 8000 - the one we're serving our site on - to the web via this cool public URL.
Refresh again! Hey, it's our site! Via a public URL.

Using the Ngrok URL as a Webhook Endpoint
Now we're super dangerous! In your Stripe Webhook configuration, add an endpoint. Paste the URL and put this in the "Test" environment. For now, just receive the customer.subscription.deleted event. Create the endpoint!
Oh, wait, make sure the endpoint URL ends in /webhooks/stripe. That's better!
In our app, we already have an active subscription. So, in Stripe, click "Customers" and open our one Customer. Find the top subscription and... cancel it! Immediately!
That should cause a webhook to be sent to our local machine. So, moment of truth: refresh the account page! Oh no! The subscription doesn't look canceled!
Hmm, go back to Stripe. At the bottom of the Customer page, you can see all the events for this Customer. Or, another way to look at this is by clicking "Events & webhooks" on the left. Ah! And we can see the customer.subscription.deleted event! And at the bottom, it shows that the webhook to our ngrok URL was successful.
So, refresh the account page again. Ah, now the subscription is canceled. We were just too fast the first time.
So, choose your favorite method of testing these crazy webhook things, and make sure they are bug-free.

---
## [petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts)@[56bbaefaff...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts/commit/56bbaefaff01171e8fe8b927bc449d32f04e45ae)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 07:35:40 by petrero

20.1.Webhook: Email User on Subscription Renewal

The second webhook type we need to handle is called invoice.payment_succeeded. This one fires when a subscription is successfully renewed. Well, actually, it fires whenever any invoice is paid, but we'll sort that out later.
This webhook is important to us for 2 reasons.
First, each subscription has a $billingPeriodEndsAt value that we use to show the user when Stripe will charge them next.
Obviously, that needs to be updated each month!
Second, when you charge your customer, you should probably send them a nice email about it, and maybe even attach a receipt! So let's get this setup.

Receive all Webhook Types
Right now, Stripe is not sending us this webhook type. In the dashboard, update the RequestBin webhook and set it to receive all webhooks, instead of just the few that we select. You don't need to do this, but it does make it easier to keep your various webhooks - like for your staging and production servers - identical.
But now we need to do some work in WebhookController. In the default section of the switch-case, we will now receive unsupported webhooks, and that's cool! Remove the exception

Inspecting the invoice.payment_succeeded Webhook
Each webhook type has a JSON body that looks a little different. Head back to the dashboard to send a test webhook, this time for the invoice.payment_succeeded event . Hit "Send test webhook" and then go refresh RequestBin.
Hmm, ok. This time, the embedded object is an invoice. But we will need to know the Stripe subscription ID that this invoice is for. And that's tricky: an invoice may not actually contain a subscription. If you just buy some products on our site, that creates an invoice... but with no subscription.
Fortunately, the data key covers this: it has a subscription field. This will either be blank if there's no subscription or it will hold the subscription ID. In other words, it's perfect!

Handling invoice.payment_succeeded
Back in WebhookController and add a second case statement invoice.payment_succeeded. Add the break, then let's get to work. First, grab the subscription ID with $stripeSubscriptionId = $stripeEvent->data->object->subscription. Next, if there is a $stripeSubscriptionId, then we need to load the corresponding Subscription from our database. Re-use $this->findSubscription() from earlier to do that.
Remember: the goal is to update this Subscription row to have the new billingPeriodEndsAt. But the event's data doesn't have that date! No problem: if we fetch a fresh, full Subscription object from Stripe's API, we can use its current_period_end field.
Open up StripeClient and add a new public function findSubscription() with a $stripeSubscriptionId argument.Make this return the classic \Stripe\Subscription::retrieve($stripeSubscriptionId).Cool! Back in the controller, add $stripeSubscription = ->stripeClient->findSubscription() and pass it $stripeSubscriptionId.

Updating the Subscription in the Database
Finally, let's update the Subscription in our database by using the data on the Stripe subscription object. As usual, we'll add this logic to SubscriptionHelper so we can reuse it later.
Add a new public function called handleSubscriptionPaid() that has two arguments: the Subscription object that just got paid and the related \Stripe\Subscription object that holds the updated details.Then, we need to read the current_period_end field. But wait! We totally did this earlier in addSubscriptionToUser(). Steal that line! Paste it here, but rename the variable to $newPeriodEnd. Now, set this billingPeriodEndsAt field via $subscription->setBillingPeriodEnds()
But wait! Where's my auto-completion! Oh, that method doesn't exist yet. In Subscription, I'll use the "Code"->"Generate" shortcut to select "Setters" and generate this setter. Whoops, then update the method in SubscriptionHelper to be setBillingPeriodEndsAt(). Finally, celebrate! Persist and flush the Subscription changes to the database.
Back in your controller, call this: $subscriptionHelper->handleSubscriptionPaid() and pass it $subscription and $stripeSubscription.
I won't test this - let's call that homework for you - but now whenever a subscription is renewed, the $billingPeriodEndsAt will be updated.

---
## [snehashis365/GeoFence_Hackaday](https://github.com/snehashis365/GeoFence_Hackaday)@[56eb22063a...](https://github.com/snehashis365/GeoFence_Hackaday/commit/56eb22063a13b649f1c4f80d7ec55550775f3073)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 07:53:52 by snehashis365

Frontend Rework again(Coz even though I spent most of my time tomorrow getting that shit ready it was not good enough)
So yaa here you go my entire morning's work another complete rework for the welcome login and register page

---
## [GeekOnSkates/files](https://github.com/GeekOnSkates/files)@[e00cae792d...](https://github.com/GeekOnSkates/files/commit/e00cae792d991f607d5074987d924c3cc54fc4e9)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 09:37:05 by The Geek on Skates

Gettin' there...

I got it to not overflow, but now I've got a math problem on my hands.
I'm trying to figure out how to get this thing to scroll.  For example,
if you arrow down the root folter ("/") you can arrow down past the
last visible item on the list.  eSpeak speaks the things that come after
it, but it's not visible (and not all users will use the speech).  So
at this point I'm thinking maybe a paging system of some sort, but even
then the implementation details are gonna be tricky.  Another thought
that occurred to me is to add a "previous" pointer to my linked list,
which is equally tricky but also doable with enough work.  So I think
at this point I'm gonna call it a night and step away from the code.
Stupidly-complex code problems are easier to solve when my mind is off
duty, I think. :D

---
## [petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts)@[ca5c446cb5...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts/commit/ca5c446cb5b3c7d899220b0e920d4319471c1210)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 10:39:51 by petrero

24.1.So, how much would that Upgrade Cost?

Honestly, upgrade and downgrading a plan would be really easy, except that we need to calculate how much we should charge the user and tell them so they can confirm.
Getting this right takes some work, but the result is going to be gorgeous, I promise. Here's the plan: as soon as this screen loads, we'll make an AJAX call back to the server. The server will calculate how much to charge the customer for the upgrade, and send that back so we can show it.
In ProfileController, add a new public function called previewPlanChangeAction(). Set the URL to /profile/plan/change/preview/{planId} and give it a name: account_preview_plan_change. Use the $planId in the route to load a $plan object with $this->subscriptionHelper and then call findPlan() with $planId.

Upcoming Invoice to the Rescue
Ok ok, but I'm ignoring the big, huge elephant in the room: how the heck are we going to figure out how much to charge the user? I mean, I certainly don't want to try to calculate how far through the month the user is and figure out a prorated amount. Fortunately, we don't have to: Stripe has a killer feature to help us out.
Open the Stripe Api docs and find Invoices. Check out this "Upcoming Invoices" section. Cool. With upcoming invoices, we can ask Stripe to tell us what the Customer's next invoice will look like.
This could be used to show the user how much they'll be charged on renewal, or, by passing a subscription_plan parameter, this will return an Invoice that describes how much they would be charged for changing to that plan.

How Upgrades Work
A big part of all of this is prorating. In the subscription documentation, Stripe talks a lot about what will happen in different scenarios. By default, Stripe does prorate, which means that if we are 1/4th through the month on the Farmer Brent Plan and we upgrade, then 3/4th's of that cost should be credited as a discount towards paying for the final 3/4th's of a month of the New Zealander plan. When you switch between plans that have the same duration, like a monthly plan to another monthly plan, the billing period doesn't change: you simply switch to the new plan right in the middle of the month, and are billed normally again on your normal billing date.
Yea, it's hard! The tl;dr is that Stripe does these calculations for us.

Fetching the Upcoming Invoice
Let's use this endpoint: in StripeClient, add a new function: getUpcomingInvoiceForChangedSubscription() with two arguments: the User that will be upgrading and the SubscriptionPlan they want to change to
Inside, it's easy: return \Stripe\Invoice::upcoming() and pass it a few parameters. First, customer set to $user->getStripeCustomerId() and second, subscription set to $user->getSubscription()->getStripeSubscriptionId(). This tells Stripe which subscription we would update. Now, in our system, every user should only have one, but it doesn't hurt to be explicit.
The last option is subscription_plan: in other words, which plan do we want to change to. Set it to $newPlan->getPlanId(). Back in ProfileController, use this to set a new $stripeInvoice variable via $this->stripeClient->getUpcomingInvoiceForChangedSubscription() passing it $this->getUser() and the new $plan

Dumping the Upcoming Invoice
So, what does this fancy Upcoming invoice actually look like? Let's find out by dumping it. Then, return a JsonResponse with... I don't know, how about a total key set to a hardcoded 50 for now. Oh, and make sure you dump $stripeInvoice. Ok, let's keep going by hooking up the frontend and finishing the cost calculation.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7a392ff350...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7a392ff3506e88bdf57a71b7c07d25a0aaf44d00)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 11:28:48 by Marko GrdiniÄ‡

"11:20am. Today I will be taking a break as I went to sleep at 6am and haven't gotten a wink of rest. I am also hung over.

I am not going to be doing any good programming in this state, so I won't do it at all.

11:25am. The night was interesting. The experience really pushed me in a big way towards where I had already started going this month.

For the first time, I've looked back at my failures of the past 5 years from a confident perspective and it made me realize something.

Besides my main goal, I have really many contradictory desires which I've been dealing with by averting my eyes and suppressing them. One is protecting those close to me. As one might expect I do not exactly want to shove my own parents into the oven. I do not want to be heartless. I want to be honest with my desires.

But much like the human civilization was not exactly the best thing to happen to the animal kingdom, the next evolutionary step will be a pretty bad thing for >99.99% of all humans. The self improvement talent should not be a widespread thing.

11:35am. So causing this sort of situation to occur goes against that desire. I am really perplexed by this. It feels that I fell into the same trap as the rationalists except from a different angle.

11:40am. Maybe it is the drugs and the wine talking, but I've had a certain vision. I've neglected to consider something very obvious in predictions - unlike in say logic, contradictory desires are not necessarily errors in the program even though they feel that way subjectively. I do not know what exactly is going to happen post-Singularity, but it might turn out to be the case that contradictions themselves are the main source of inspiration. It is not necessarily the case that they need to be resolved.

The brain is hiding a lot of stuff that we do not know about in plain view. The way Singularity will play out pretty much all depends on algorithmic realities of intelligence.

11:45am. And one more thing - my vision is spinning here, so let me write it down quickly.

For the past 5 years I've been operating on the assumption that the brain is very stable. But if I think about it a bit more closely, there is no reason at all to make that assumption. There is no reason to think that it is not savescumming much like I intend to do from here on out.

If I 'died' a few times over the night, there is actually no way I could ever verify it. And the brain certainly has every incentive not to freak me out with the glitches in its programming, so that sort of phenomenon would never get noticed.

So much like with contradictory desires, I am going to make a simplifying assumption here as well since assumptions about what the brain is doing have an out-sized effect on ML research direction regardless of their truthfulness.

It might be wrong, but it is better strategically. If it turns out to be true and I assume the opposite, then I will have made a huge blunder by casting my net in the wrong algorithm design space. If it turns out to be false, and I assume it is true, then correcting that error will be really cheap.

So I haven't been playing the right way here up to now.

Lastly, I do not need to hide for all the deadends I've gone down and the lack of progress. Humans place great stock on momentum, but I feel that Inspired with a legacy of failure are more realistic than with one of success. Failing upward and going forth with the demeanor of a king regardless of the results is what a rational agent would do. It treat the pain of regret as a inspiration tap."

---
## [petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts)@[37b8c58b86...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts/commit/37b8c58b86b962ac1d185bd9037ef7c119ee726f)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 13:51:13 by petrero

25.1.Upgrade: Processing the Upcoming Invoice{Using the Upcoming Invoice; Upcoming Invoice Line Items}

Head over to the account template. When the user clicks upgrade, we need to make an AJAX call to our new endpoint. To get that URL, find the button and add a new attribute: data-preview-url set to path('account_preview_plan_change'), passing a planId wildcard set to other_plan.planId.
Cool! Copy that new attribute name and go back up to the JavaScript section. Let's read that attribute: var previewUrl = $(this).data('preview-url'). And while we're here, create a planName variable set to $(this).data('plan-name').
Now, make that AJAX call! I'll use $.ajax() with url set to previewUrl. Chain a .done() to add a success function with a data argument. And just to try things out, open sweet alert with a message: Total $ then data.total, since the endpoint returns that field.
Ok team, try that out. Refresh the account page and click "Change to New Zealander". Bam! Total $50!

Using the Upcoming Invoice
With the frontend somewhat functional, let's finish the logic in our endpoint. At the bottom, Symfony keeps a list of the AJAX requests. Click the 4f4 sha link to get more information about our AJAX request. Then, click the Debug link on the left.
In the last chapter, we dumped the upcoming \Stripe\Invoice object that we got from the Stripe API. This is it! It looks a little funny, but the data is hiding under the _values property, and it holds a couple of really interesting things.

Upcoming Invoice Line Items
First, check out amount_due, and remember, everything is stored in cents, not dollars. This is the amount we'll show to the user. But if it seems a little too high, you're right. Keep watching.
Second, the invoice line items can be found under the lines key. And there are three.
The first line item is negative: its a credit for any unused time on your current plan. If you're half-way through a month, then the second half should be applied as a credit. This is that credit. Since we just signed up a few minutes ago, this is just slightly less than the full price of $99.
The second line item is a charge for the new plan, for however much time is left in the month. Again, if we're upgrading half-way through the month, I should only need to pay for half of the new plan in order to use it for the last half of the month.
The third line item, well, this is where things get ugly. This is a charge for a full month on the new plan: $199.
What? Why is that here? Why would I pay for half of the month of the New Zealander plan and also for a full month?
Here's what's going on: when a customer upgrades, Stripe does not charge them anything immediately. Instead, Stripe allows you to switch, but then, at the end of the month, it will charge you for the partial, prorated month you just used, plus the full next month, minus the partial-month refund for your original plan.
Phew! That's why you see three line items: the first two for adjusting to the new plan for part of the month, plus the cost for the full-price renewal.

---
## [felixlapierre/conuhacks5](https://github.com/felixlapierre/conuhacks5)@[9391e0dda1...](https://github.com/felixlapierre/conuhacks5/commit/9391e0dda1977334fb5cc527f8c4506dd63c2660)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 14:51:40 by Stromation

This motherfucking get url thingy that sounds like a stupid bitch actually works now

---
## [GlennCottam/RacTrack](https://github.com/GlennCottam/RacTrack)@[6eb179d6c2...](https://github.com/GlennCottam/RacTrack/commit/6eb179d6c2b0d9a26c2891db5697ac0a954248b9)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 15:27:06 by Glenn Cottam

Added a new function, New Unknown Command Function

- fuck you: a new function that gives RT a perfect time to roast you.
- Added unknown command fucntion where the user will use the identifier and not have a proper command. Later version will print out the help statement

---
## [petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts)@[c40c777723...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts/commit/c40c77772308ecd2cd9b2d900e487391fd03c208)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 16:19:56 by petrero

28.1.Changing your Plan from Monthly to Yearly{Adding the SubscriptionPlan Objects}

So far, we only offer monthly plans. But sheep love commitment, so they've been asking for yearly options. Well, great news! After all that upgrade stuff we just handled, this is going to be easy.

Creating the New Plans
First, in Stripe's dashboard, we need to create two new plans. Call the first "Farmer Brent yearly" and for the total... how about 99 X 10: so $990, per year.
Then, add the New Zealander yearly, set to 1990, billed yearly.
Cool! I'm not going to update our checkout to allow these plans initially, because, honestly, that's super easy: just create some new links to add these plans to your cart, and you're done.
Nope, we'll skip straight to the hard stuff: allowing the user to change between monthly and yearly plans.

Adding the SubscriptionPlan Objects
First, we need to add these plans to our system. Open the SubscriptionPlan class. To distinguish between monthly and yearly plans, add a new property called duration: this will be a string, either monthly or yearly. At the top, I love constants, so create: const DURATION_MONTHLY = 'monthly' and const DURATION_YEARLY = 'yearly'. Next, add a $duration argument to the constructor, but default it to monthly. Set the property below.
Finally, I'll use the "Code"->"Generate" menu, or Command+N on a Mac, select "Getters" and then choose duration. That gives me a nice getDuration() method. In SubscriptionHelper, we create and preload all of our plans. Copy the two monthly plans, paste them, update their keys to have yearly and add the last argument for the yearly duration. Now, these are at least valid plans inside the system.

---
## [chachyyyy/ChachyCrypt](https://github.com/chachyyyy/ChachyCrypt)@[2cd0824448...](https://github.com/chachyyyy/ChachyCrypt/commit/2cd0824448742f23808f0d074a63ddab164a785d)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 18:41:27 by chachy

fuck you java haha you suck you stupid language fuck you kotlin is better

---
## [Architector4/IDEF0-SVG](https://github.com/Architector4/IDEF0-SVG)@[bd6accb42b...](https://github.com/Architector4/IDEF0-SVG/commit/bd6accb42bcb49214b7d14ec6289c4b14d13709a)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 19:41:35 by Architector #4

Implement newline support

An ugly hack that allows statements to have newlines in them to create multiple lines in the output.

Allows putting `\n` (literally 2 characters, not a newline) in the middle of a string to have it rendered as 2 (or more) separate lines in the end result.

Forgive if the changes are idiotic - this is my first introduction to Ruby and I have never even looked at the language before.

---
## [MoyTW/supplier](https://github.com/MoyTW/supplier)@[1347577d26...](https://github.com/MoyTW/supplier/commit/1347577d26f044daa951a4b0e2a3627dd7dddcb1)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 20:26:13 by MoyTW

Hacked in a sync elevation button

ok the color thing is...not great. but ok. it's fine. it's fiiiine. i
mean.

look I could either hack on this or watch The Lighthouse and eat dinner
with friends and I choose the Social Thing. hence why there be a pair of
janky maps splatted in the center of the file

and why MainScreen is a utter, total mess. rip.

---
## [PiotrusWatson/level4project](https://github.com/PiotrusWatson/level4project)@[2e0015d1bb...](https://github.com/PiotrusWatson/level4project/commit/2e0015d1bbf784c691d12e4dc6aa83a52b7fc808)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 21:32:50 by PiotrusWatson

almost finished automating the testing script (that will hilariously need to be watched for HOURS LOVE THIS DISCIPLINE)

---
## [visjs/vis-util](https://github.com/visjs/vis-util)@[d4476da24e...](https://github.com/visjs/vis-util/commit/d4476da24e961c3bbdc3a50b5bc32fe82ced6ff0)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 21:45:51 by TomÃ¡Å¡ VyÄÃ­tal

feat(layered-storage): add a new storage for options

This is intended to replace the prototype plus hacks insanity used at
the moment. However this is still WIP. There is no documentations yet
and more testing is necessary.

TODO:
- Add off.
- Write docs.
- Probably some other things too.

In a quick test I was able to resolve the issue discussed in
visjs/vis-network#178 and visjs/vis-network#213 with just a few lines of
code. Which is much better than the massive mess of weird hacks that
doesn't work reliably anyway.

Putting this to use will be a lot of work but fortunately it should be
possible to do it in parts. I would first use this in LayoutEngine and
EdgesHandler to resolve the forementioned issues and then probably one
module at the time.

Features:
- Encapsulates options merging.
- Explicit layer/segment/key structure instead of prototype chains.
- Observable.
- Overrides. *
- Type safety in TypeScript.

* Hierarchical layout is incompatible with smooth edges and has to
disable them. Overrides combined with observing easily and elegently
solve that. See the forementioned issues for current state.

---
## [j3lackfire/RestaurantGame](https://github.com/j3lackfire/RestaurantGame)@[edcb607479...](https://github.com/j3lackfire/RestaurantGame/commit/edcb60747931992df9c0e22410f4be68b25ec0c7)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 21:46:00 by Minh Duc

[30min]Not much, opened the unity editor since 10.15, but only able to work for half an hour (it's 11.42) now, because I kept procrasting soo much.
It's Tet (lunar new year) holiday, so I was quite relaxed, and not in the mood of doing much. I also play a lot of video games (the true reason, lol), finish Yakuza Kiwami 1, finish watching the yakuza 0 story on youtube (it's an amazing story), and is starting Yakuza kiwami 2. Also, just downloaded Metro Exodus since it's on Xbox Game Pass pc and it's so cheap, like 1e/3 months, so I want to test the most demanding video game on my brand new pc. And somehow finally finish the true last boss of slay the spire, so yeah, mostly video game.
I also got super drunk on new year eve and vomit like a lot, really terrible, but I have been dirnking since soon (like 1 330ml bottle beer on lunch, 0.5 beer at the bar, and then in the eveing, 4 guys of us drink one vodka and one wiskey, but only I was vomitting, yeah..)

---
## [greenbueller/season8](https://github.com/greenbueller/season8)@[67a2657f02...](https://github.com/greenbueller/season8/commit/67a2657f02a9b6d58c777914ff5a573e80a8071a)
#### Sunday 2020-01-26 23:54:33 by Greenbueller

Revert "fuck you rommel"

This reverts commit 0c6949003b230cd4acc5d0d392fecb37356ec485.

---

# [<](2020-01-25.md) 2020-01-26 [>](2020-01-27.md)

