# [<](2020-04-14.md) 2020-04-15 [>](2020-04-16.md)

2,681,848 events, 1,400,248 push events, 2,217,879 commit messages, 151,325,172 characters


## [digiwombat/TalkerMakerDeluxe](https://github.com/digiwombat/TalkerMakerDeluxe)@[37d2d2cdae...](https://github.com/digiwombat/TalkerMakerDeluxe/commit/37d2d2cdaed530c8184ff4e7951eacf9d3f9e692)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 02:24:34 by Randall Fitzgerald

De-ugly some things and future considerations (Read longer commit)

* Made the comboboxes less horrible looking.
* I am strongly considering a rewrite on the underlying logic of this because this thing is a mess owing to basically using the XML data from ChatMapper's structure as is. I hate it, so I'm wanting to move to use the XML basically as a legacy format because I hate it. I'd be moving to a strongly-typed class based structure and MVVM.
  * The only real consequence here is no dynamic field options in app, which I never planned to add anyway.
  * It will still output to JSON (much more cleanly) and XML (same formatting) but will only contain the fixed fields for in-app editing.

---
## [panelass13/tgstation](https://github.com/panelass13/tgstation)@[cc41f30019...](https://github.com/panelass13/tgstation/commit/cc41f30019c59dd7d16569cacc58f9da2f0b3f92)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 02:56:13 by Yuri

New ERT music

The Elite are all about transcendence and living forever and the secrets of the universe and they want to know all this; Some are good, some are bad, some are mixed. But, the good ones don’t ever want to organize, the bad instead are the ones that organize, because they lust after power. Powerful consciences don’t want to dominate other people, they want to empower them, so they don’t tend to get together until things are really late in the game, then they come together. Evil is always defeated, because good is so much stronger. And, we’re on this planet and Einstein’s physics showed it, Maxwell’s physics showed it, all of it, that there is at least twelve dimensions, and now that’s why all the top scientist and billionaires are coming out saying it’s a false hologram, it is artificial. The computers are scanning it and finding tensions points where it is artificially projected and gravity is bleeding in to this universe, that’s what they call dark matter. So, we’re like a thought or a dream that’s like a wisp in some computer program, some god’s mind, whatever. They’re proving it all, it’s all coming out. Now, there’s like this sub transmission zone below the third dimension that’s just turned over the most horrible things, which is what it resonates to, and it’s trying to get up into the third dimension, that’s just a basic level consciousness to launch into the next levels. And our species is already way up to the fifth, sixth dimension consciously, our best people. But there is this big war trying to like, basically destroy humanity, because humanity has free will, and there is a decision to which level we want to go to. We have free will, so evils will have to contend, not just good. And the Elites themselves believe they’re racing, using human technology to try to take our best minds, and build some type of breakaway civilization where they’re going to merge with machines, transcend and break away from the failed species that is man, which is kind of like a false transmission because they’re thinking what they are as ugly and bad, projecting on to themselves instead of believing, no it’s a human test about building us up, and so, Google set up eighteen, nineteen years ago. I knew about this before it was declassified, I’m just saying I have good sources. They want to build a giant artificial system, and Google believes the first artificial intelligence will be a super-computer based on the neuron activities of the hive mind of humanity with billions of people wired into the internet exchange (holy shit), and so all of our thoughts go into it, and we’re actually building a computer that has real neurons in real time that’s also psychically connected to us, that are organic creatures so that they will have current prediction powers, future prediction powers, a true crystal ball. But the big secret is, once you have a crystal ball and know the future, you can add stimuli beforehand and make decisions that can control the future. And so then, it’s the end of consciousness and free will for individuals as we know, and a true two-point-o, in a very bad way, hive mind consciousness with an A.I jacked into everyone, knowing our hopes and dreams, delivering it to us, not in some PKD wire head system, where we plug in and give up our consciousness because of unlimited pleasure, but because we were already wired in and absorbed before we knew it by giving over our consciousness to this system our daily decisions that it was able to manipulate and control into a larger system. There’s now a human counterstrike taking place to shut this up before it gets fully into place and to block these systems, and to try and have an actual debate about where humanity goes, and cut off the paedophiles and psychic vampires that are controlling this A.I system before humanity is destroyed. (((whait a sec. the vamps ctrl AI,how they do it))) The paedophiles, at whatever level, they rule the devil, whatever you want to call, this interdimensional thing, which gives them advanced off world technology, the fallen one, that’s out of this world, is giving them advanced knowledge on how to construct these systems that have already been used before on other populations.( That’s Satan..) That’s Satan. (((explain..))) Satan became something, that you know, the stupid preacher tells you about, who’s totally controlled or something you read about in the news or TV, but this is an interdimensional force that wants to influence us to build something that absorbs us and kills us, rather than the divine free will we are given to build something much better and empowers the species so the species is now making a decision about its entire future. (((Where you getting this from..))) I know from looking at all the data, researching it, studying it, watching the enemy, that’s the big decision that humanity has now got before us.

---
## [m50/clardy.eu](https://github.com/m50/clardy.eu)@[0a34dc4ae6...](https://github.com/m50/clardy.eu/commit/0a34dc4ae6a77af0164d5316a097f4e0871e52e5)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 04:55:12 by Marisa Clardy

Add in logo/favicon.
Credit to my amazing girlfriend for me logo.

---
## [muskan006/CSE326-FINAL-REPORT-](https://github.com/muskan006/CSE326-FINAL-REPORT-)@[b09f198313...](https://github.com/muskan006/CSE326-FINAL-REPORT-/commit/b09f198313385b31172231705bb51ff18fa0f68e)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 05:59:25 by muskan006

FINAL REPORT OF ONLINE/FLIGHT RESERVATION SYSTEM

 

   ONLINE TRAIN / FLIGHT 
     RESERVATION SYSTEM
       

                     FINAL REPORT ON

                ONLINE TRAIN / FLIGHT    
                 RESERVATION SYSTEM
  
              PROJECT NO: 41
        TITLE: ONLINE TRAIN/FLIGHT RESERVATION
                     SYSTEM            
        SECTION: K19DE
        GROUP 
                              SUBMITED BY
Members	Roll no
K.KIRANMAI	65
MUSKAN SINGH	66
VIKAS KUMAR	67
                                    	
        ABSTRACT

Airline reservation System is a computerized system used to store and retrieve information and conduct transactions related to air travel. The project is aimed at exposing the relevance and importance of Airline Reservation Systems. It is projected towards enhancing the relationship between customers and airline agencies through the use of ARSs, and thereby making it convenient for the customers to book the flights as when they require such that they can utilize this software to make reservations.





INTRODUCTION :

An airline reservation system (ARS) is part of the so-called passenger service systems (PSS), which are applications supporting the direct contact with the passenger.
ARS eventually evolved into the computer reservations system (CRS). A computer reservation system is used for the reservations of a particular airline and interfaces with a global distribution system (GDS) which supports travel agencies and other distribution channels in making reservations for most major airlines in a single system.Today all persons are busy with their schedule and no one have time to make a trip for holidays with their family. And this Airline Reservation Process is very difficult to understand in General meaning. But we are providing a Solution for that Problem. We are giving a all this facility in one project “Airline Reservation System”.

 

PURPOSE AND ITS DESCRIPTION :

This software has two parts. First is user part and the administrator part. User part is used as a front end and administrator is the back end. Administrator is used by airline authority. It will allow the customers to access database and allow new customers to sign up for online access.
The system allows the airline passenger to search for flights that are available between the two travel cities, namely the “Departure city” and “Arrival city” for a particular departure and arrival dates. The system displays all the flight’s details   such   as   flight   no,   name,   price   and   duration   of   journey   etc.

After search the system display list of available flights and allows customer to choose a particular flight. Then the system checks for the availability of seats on the flight. If the seats are available then the system allows the passenger to book a     seat.     Otherwise     it     asks     the     user     to     choose     another flight.

To book a flight the system asks the customer to enter his details such as name, address, city, state, and credit card number and contact number. Then it checks the validity of card and book the flight and update the airline database and user database. The system also allows the customer to cancel his/her reservation, if any problem occurs.
The main purpose of this software is to reduce the manual errors involved in the airline reservation process and make it convenient for the customers to book the flights as when they require such that they can utilize this software to make reservations, modify reservations or cancel a particular reservation.



OBJECTIVE
The main objective of the airlines reservation system to manage the details of airlines tickets, flights, customer, booking counter, venders. It manages all the information about airlines tickets, booking, venders, airline tickets. The project is totally built at administrative end and thus only the administrator is guaranteed the access .the purpose of the project is to build an application program to reduce the manual work to managing the airlines ticket, flights, customers, booking.it tracks all the details about the customer, booking counter, venders.

    FEATURES:

•	Free Account
•	Selection among Large no of Airways
•	Full detailed Flights
•	Easy to Get Flights
•	Easy to edit and view your Personal Information
•	User Friendly
•	Secure


SCOPE AND PURPOSE:

1. Airline Reservation System make the life of    passengers very easy as they don’t need to stand in queues for getting their seats reserved and they can easily make reservations on any airline just from a single system.
2. The purpose of Airline reservation system project is to build an application program which airline could use to manage the reservation of airlines ticket.

FEATURES AND APPLICATIONS:
	Product and component based.
	Creating and changing issues at ease.
	Querys issue list to any depth.
	Reporting and charting in more comprehensive way.
	User accounts to control the access and maintain security.
	Simple status and resolutions.
	Multi-level priorities and severities.
	Targets and milestones for guidling the programmers.
	Attachments and additional comments for more information.
	Robust database back end.
	Various level of reports available with a lot of filter criterias.
	It contain better storage capacity.
	Accuracy in work.
	Easy and fast retrieval of information.
	Well designed reports.
	Easy to update information.
	Integration of all records of venders.
	Manage the information of airlines tickets.
	Editing, adding and updating of records is improved which results in proper resources management pf airlines tickets.
	Manage the information of booking counter.
	It deals with monitoring the information and transactions of booking counter.

ADVANTAGES OF ONLINE FLIGHT RESERVATION SYSTEM:

A few factors that direct us to develop a new system are given below -:

	Faster System
	Accuracy
	Reliability
	Informative
	Reservations and         cancellations from anywhere to any place






MODULES:
  1.  Registration module
  2. Administrative module
  3. Passenger module


1.	Registration module
     In registration module first we ask passenger to give his details. After registering with us the passenger can logon to his/her own account and can view all flight details such as Timings, Prices, Availability of seats and can book the ticket with unique ticket id. Once Passenger registered with us can book any number of tickets. 

2.	Administrative module
Administrative module is provided for the sake of administrators to manage the site and update the content at regular intervals, The major operations included in this module are:

	Create and maintain airline schedule, fare and timings of the Flight.
	View the passenger list.
	View the available seats in the flights.
	Cancel the tickets.
	Updating the flight schedule and timings and fare.

3.	Passenger module
This module is meant for passengers, where a user logging into his/her owns account will view this panel. The major operations included in this module were 

	View all airline schedules, timings, fare details and seats availability.
	Book for the tickets.
	View and cancelling of the ticket.
	Send feedback
                Behind these modules, it also includes additional WebPages like Password recovery console, Tips regarding journey, Traveling news around world and help regarding our site.




	





DISCRIPTION OF PROJECT:
LOGIN PAGE :
 
CONTACT US :
 
ONEWAY :
 
PAYMENT:

 

TECHNOLOGY AND FAREWORK USED WHICH ARE USED:-
HERE WE USED:
	HTML
	CSS
	JAVA Script
	AJAX
And also taking help form several websites and videos for making this project.



                                     











DISCRIPTION OF WORK DIVISION IN TERMS OF ROLES AMONG STUDENTS:-

 	MUSKAN SINGH [66] : I did the complete coding of project with the help of different  language and execute the project.Also take            
                                            part in gathering links and Data creation .
 	K. KIRANMAI [65] : she help me in layout creation and desigining and made this project file. She also make video regaurding the 
                                       project.

 	VIKAS KUMAR [67]: He took an effort for gathering search creation and links also data regaurding photo collection which are shown 
                                         in the website.

---
## [OkciD/commute-time-collector](https://github.com/OkciD/commute-time-collector)@[b30751e103...](https://github.com/OkciD/commute-time-collector/commit/b30751e103c91aa2262b8f8dfec10d31b66537f6)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 09:22:28 by Yury Baykov

holy fucking god, its docker-compose and it works!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c14d019677...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c14d0196773cda482c1c92fa22bed7b72250d25e)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 10:17:06 by Marko Grdinić

"10:35am. I got up 15m ago and am chilling. I'll start soon.

> A new version (0.5.0) of the Language Server Index Format specification has been published. The version supports linking reference results across project dumps using monikers. In addition, new versions of the LSP client (6.2.0-next.2) and server (6.2.0-next.2) libraries have been published.

I always ignore the updates to VS, but this time I am reading it for some reason.

> Writing language server for embedded programming languages is more involved than writing a plain language server. Given the popularity of embedded languages today, we added an Embedded Languages topic to our Language Extensions section. The documentation contains two samples to illustrate the two approaches to building embedded language servers: Language services and Request forwarding. Start by reviewing the Embedded Languages documentation or go directly to the two samples:

10:40am. Let me read Kaiji, chill a bit and then I'll start.

10:45am. Ok, let me start. I'll leave the SW thread for later.

10:50am. Focus me, focus. What was supposed to be on my schedule today. Something about trying out the webpack to do the hello world?

> Tomorrow I am going to test two things...that simple JS example binding with the webpack template, and I'll also test the hello world plugin using webpack to see if that does the trick. If it does then I am set.

Ah, I remember. The first one is the example from the Fable docs. It did not work for me using the splitter. I might have to ask how to get webpack to load js files as well.

10:55am. Let me give it a try. Doing these two things seems like a doable task before breakfast.

One thing I still do not quite understand is how imports work in the case of VS Code, but I'll deal with that at due time.

11:05am. `[<ImportAll("./alert.js")>]`. It has to be like this. It can't be `[<ImportAll("alert.js")>]`.

11:10am. Had to take a short break. At any rate, I did this first thing. I can confirm that bundling JS code together with Fable is no problem.

The next task is to try the plugin.

In order to do that, I need to refresh my memory of how to do normal compilation. I need the Elmish book for that. The template only has the dev server.

What a pain in the ass really.

11:15am. Focus me, focus. Just this one thing and then comes the break.

11:20am. I've been thinking about something - yesterday I installed the Fable compiler globally, but that was the wrong choice as I have no control of which version I will be using and it might go out of date. But every time I install it using `npm` I just waste my bandwitch and take up massive amounts of space. Would it not be possible for `npm` or something else to use a global cache like Nuget instead of `node_modules`? I should look into this. Global installs are not a good substitute for that.

I should get rid of all my global installs while I am at it.

...Ok, I figured out the normal build. What comes next? That would be installing Fable.Import and then launching the extension.

11:25am.

```
module App

open Fable.Import

let activate (ctx : vscode.ExtensionContext) =
    printfn """Congratulations, your extension "fable-vscode-helloworld" is now active!"""

    vscode.commands.registerCommand("extension.helloWorld", fun _ ->
        let _ = vscode.window.showInformationMessage("Hello World!",[||])
        null
        )
    |> ctx.subscriptions.Add

let deactivate () = ()
```

How strange. I pasted this, but it is complaining that `Fable.Import` is missing `PromiseLike`. It might be that I have the wrong `Fable.Core` version.

11:30am.

```
ERROR in ./src/App.fs
Module not found: Error: Can't resolve 'vscode' in 'E:\Webdev\Fable\js-test\src'
 @ ./src/App.fs 2:0-53 6:16-24 7:4-11
 @ ./src/App.fsproj
npm ERR! code ELIFECYCLE
npm ERR! errno 2
npm ERR! @ build: `webpack`
npm ERR! Exit status 2
npm ERR!
npm ERR! Failed at the @ build script.
npm ERR! This is probably not a problem with npm. There is likely additional logging output above.

npm ERR! A complete log of this run can be found in:
npm ERR!     C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm-cache\_logs\2020-04-15T09_28_06_370Z-debug.log
```

Webpack cannot resolve this.

Ok, first thing...why am I getting that first error?

Let me look into that.

11:30am. Ah, it is just the plugin being finicky. I needed to restart the editor.

Now I need to figure out just how to compile this project with webpack.

...Let me ask about this on SO.

11:50am. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61225751/how-to-compile-a-fable-vs-code-plugin-with-webpack

Here is the question.

Now let me see if I can configure `npm` so it uses a global cache.

12:05pm. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61226108/is-it-possible-to-configure-npm-so-it-uses-the-global-cache-directly-rather-than

I'll get downvoted since this is a JS question, but I am curious as to what I'll get.

12:10pm. Ok, what is next? I am thinking breakfast. But after that...

...Yeah, before I can do anything, I really do need to figure out how to compile the project properly. I'll have to look into various different kinds of packages.

Well, simply telling webpack to ignore `vscode` should not be too hard. I should get an answer soon.

Until I do, I'll simply fiddle with doing simple bindings. Since the browser DOM does not require an explicit import, there should be a way to do the same thing for `vscode`. I should be able to declare it a global package somehow. I'll plug the `vscode` type declaration file after that.

12:15pm. Let me stop here for the time being."

---
## [google/perfetto](https://github.com/google/perfetto)@[c0f481003b...](https://github.com/google/perfetto/commit/c0f481003b889aadb7b367e1546065626655e3b5)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 11:48:37 by Ryan Savitski

traced_perf: optional periodic unwinder cache clearing

Preface:
* targeting muiltiple processes at once is normal for this profiler.
* unwindstack cache seems quite necessary in practice (for cpu%), but
  also doesn't actually have an inherent limit (so over time, footprint
  will grow to cover unwinding for all sampled processes).
* for longer traces, it's likely that the working set necessary at
  any given medium-term interval is much lower than the aforementioned
  worst case (so periodic clears could help).
* we want to try using ring buffer traces (with a finalization trigger)
  with stack sampling in the field.

I don't want to change the libunwindstack cache atm, so using it as-is.
Periodic clears are a bit crude, and I've considered alternatives (think
a memory guardrail that does this purging when hit, instead of shutting
down the data source / daemon). But stopping at a periodic option for
now.

Separate from incremental state clears since it's a heavy operation,
which should be performed infrequently. While incremental state clearing
needs to be frequent enough to make any given ring buffer snapshot have
most of the necessary incremental state for decoding.

Thoughts/suggestions welcomed. I'm kinda struggling with building a good
set of knobs for controlling the memory usage when running as an
unattended daemon.

Bug: 144281346
Change-Id: I6342fa636c9ee7eca214a7be4c74c0b187246b0f

---
## [pedroSoaresll/nodejs.org](https://github.com/pedroSoaresll/nodejs.org)@[a3ea7996f8...](https://github.com/pedroSoaresll/nodejs.org/commit/a3ea7996f86d0807b10db8b9deb2175cf395ee27)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 12:14:23 by Gary Bernhardt

Clarify release stages on "releases" page (#2233)

My team recently did our first major Node version upgrade and had a bad experience. The short version is: we tried to upgrade to Node 12 (which is in "Current" status as of today, not "Active"). We couldn't get one of our dependencies to build and ended the workday without successfully upgrading.

I'd seen the [releases](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/) page multiple times, including during that attempted upgrade. However, that page doesn't explain what the various stages actually mean, and which ones are recommended for production use. Specifically, I didn't understand "Current" vs. "Active", and incorrectly assumed that either would be acceptable for production use, because neither of them was called "unstable", "testing", "alpha", "beta", "prerelease", or other terms that I'm familiar with for a "don't use this in production app yet!" release.

This change adds a paragraph with a brief explanation of the different statuses. I also included a bit about LTS, because I imagine a lot of people seeing this page won't be familiar with that term.

I think that a short explanation on the releases page will save a lot of other teams from this kind of multi-hour upgrade frustration. I've never contributed to this repo, so I may have put this text in the wrong file, and my explanation of the Node release statuses may be wrong in ways I don't understand yet. But I wanted to suggest a concrete change that would've helped us to avoid wasting half of a day.

(My understanding is based on this @jasnell tweet: https://twitter.com/jasnell/status/1128696625986015232.)

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[b69f41953f...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/b69f41953fbb681c930ae43b5b25bf0a59aab7fb)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 12:22:48 by Daniel Nunes

Add fomod installer support

Option types are not validated - contradicting group and
option types should be undefined behaviour.
However, to simplify, option type always wins the conflict
and we deliver a warning if needed.

As an example, in a SelectAll group a NotUsable option
would not be selected.

Remove fomod metadata handling

Rework fomod installer backend

Changed:
  - User's choices are now "saved" when going to previous pages
  - Folders to install are now properly merged based on priority
  - Omitted destination attributes in file/folder tags are now
    properly handled.

TODO:
  - Update tests in test_bash repo
  - Add some inline documentation

This must go into the final commit message:

Ignored tags:
  - moduleImage
  - fommDependency

Ignored attributes:
  - position, colour - [moduleName]
  - alwaysInstall, installIfUsable - [file, folder]

Note:

Rework exe-based game detection logic FFF fomods

@@ -64,3 +64,3 @@ def __init__(self, parent_window, installer, page_size, pos):
         data_path = bass.dirs["mods"]
-        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.exe).s)
+        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.launch_exe).s)
         game_ver = u".".join([unicode(i) for i in ver])

Some wx cleanup in gui fomods

Cache images it does speedup loading them

(although that's probably due to my using balt.Image)

FFF couple typos

FileInfo(object): -> _FomodFileInfo(object): FFF WIP

Infernio: Updated for 'Rework game version calculation'

SSS Improve FOMOD installer link name

Should be FOMOD or FOMod, not Fomod. Also added three dots, since that
link opens an interactive dialog.

SSS to be squashed into the final FOMOD commit

_text = _(u'FOMOD Installer...') class variable SSS

No need to override __init__

Remove some leftover debug prints

Replace PageInfo with OrderedDict

Std lib is better. Port of GandaG/pyfomod@547494309

Add some docs to the fomod backend

Update for recent merges

FFF A bunch of FOMOD hacks

I hadn't actually realised just *how* broken the wizard/FOMOD
interaction is up until I just now got a really cryptic error message
from a wizard. Just some examples:
 - SelectSubPackage didn't work properly when the package had an fomod,
   because fomods do not populate Installer.espmMap, which wizards use
   to detect what subpackages and plugins are available.
 - The same goes for SelectPlugin, all deselect variants, SelectAll,
   etc. Probably for loops with SubPackages as well.
 - I screwed up my earlier fix. While it no longer crashed, it made
   wizards (with or without FOMODs) unable to select the last
   subpackage. But see above, wizards with FOMODs had a hard time with
   that anyways ;)
 - The result of applying a wizard and an FOMOD is well-defined (the
   FOMOD always wins because it short-circuits refreshDataSizeCrc), but
   it looked really confusing in the GUI. Still possible to create
   manually by checking both the fomod subpackage and other subpackages,
   but wizards and FOMODs will now uncheck the other so WB at least no
   longer produces this weird state.

Threw in some tiny refactorings in belt (yay, two bolt.cmp_'s gone!)

SSS Rework FOMOD GUI

Depends on 190-de-wx-pt1, rewrites most of the GUI to use the wrappers
instead. Drops a whole bunch of wx usages, which is nice. RadioButton
needs wrapping, see all the ugly hacks at the bottom of gui_fomod. Also,
the design that uses __dict__ of wx objects to store group objects has
to go, it's fundamentally hacky and very fragile - e.g. imagine if the
wx guys decided to add __slots__ to their objects.

Also contains a bunch of fixes and misc improvements, e.g. user-facing
strings have been made translatable, some bugs that were carried over
from belt have been fixed, and the 'Back' button no longer works on the
first page.

Note the glaring TODOs - this is a straight up port of the original GUI,
but we currently don't have a way to change fonts, which the original
GUI relied on to differentiate its components. I added some
HBoxedLayouts as an alternative, which works fine for the main FOMOD
dialog and may even be an improvement in terms of visual clarity, but
doesn't help at all with the results screen, which is now an unreadable
mess.

Infernio: Updated for wrapped WizardDialog, gave fomods their own stored
size, updated for default_* -> item_*.

Utumno: fomod_gui: comments to docstrings

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

FFF fix FOMOD fileDependency evaluation

Wasn't taking ghosts into account and, more importantly, was passing
strings to the LO API, which expects paths. As a result, every file was
either missing or inactive.

Also went ahead and swapped all usages of bolt.Path for bolt.GPath.

FFF fix FOMOD PNGs

I could swear I commited this to nightly long ago, along with the main
pngcrush work, but it seems to have gotten lost somewhere along the way.
So here's a better version, that refactors the two nearly identical
methods.

FFF FOMOD de-wx & wx4 fixups

FFF Mopy/bash/basher/gui_fomod.py gui.Picture (untested!)

Add string prefixes to fomod

Also wrapped all lines to be below 80 chars, cleaned up newlines and
reformatted docstrings to match the rest of WB.

---
## [JorDindi/Bloodcovered_v02](https://github.com/JorDindi/Bloodcovered_v02)@[2c17c10649...](https://github.com/JorDindi/Bloodcovered_v02/commit/2c17c10649c4898adcdc1f3ab66a307355a7ff45)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 12:54:22 by JorDindi

Project Assembly

FML CANT SAVE THAT GIRL KNOW TELL ME YOU CAN SAVE THAT SHIT, ALL SHE WANTS IS PAYBACK FOR THE WAY I ALWAYS PLAY THAT SHIT, YOU AINT GETTING NOTHING FOR MY SELF DON'T TELL ME YOU AYYY NOTHING LIKE A MOTHER MOTHER FUCKER I CAN MAKE YOU RICH

---
## [ninaraposo1986/Preprocessing-II](https://github.com/ninaraposo1986/Preprocessing-II)@[1591d861bd...](https://github.com/ninaraposo1986/Preprocessing-II/commit/1591d861bdf095936a3771ac693512196a39db08)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 14:41:31 by ninaraposo1986

after a bad dream last night about getting hired at a department store and getting bogged down by customers within my first hour, i tackled implementing the mobile media query. i utitilized the "escape" method, which, after applying it to the sections, i think is pretty neat and makes me feel better about this less stuff. i applied it to content-section, text-content, img content, inverse-content, content-destination, content-pick, destination, and button. i used align-items and column on most of these things and made them 90% width. i am currently trying to fix with width of the top h2 and p with it but it doesn't seem to be working. i finally successfully removed the text-decoration from the nav a and changed them to the color given in variables.less. oh yeah, and last night i was able to make the page's top border expand across the entire width of the body by placing its mixin in header.

---
## [sstarry-moonlight/chocolates](https://github.com/sstarry-moonlight/chocolates)@[0bbdaba36c...](https://github.com/sstarry-moonlight/chocolates/commit/0bbdaba36c8a27132a0dfd8e928906e8c8697530)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 15:38:21 by sstarry-moonlight

Follow the server rules or you will automatically be kicked out of the server:

No inappropriate nicknames.
No sexually explicit nicknames.
No offensive nicknames.
No nicknames with unusual or unreadable Unicode.
No sexually explicit profile pictures.
No offensive profile pictures.
No exploiting loopholes in the rules (please report them).
No bugs, exploits, glitches, hacks, bugs, etc

Text chat rules
No questioning the mods.
No asking to be granted roles/moderator roles.
@mention the moderators for support.
Contact the moderators under #channel for support.
No @everyone/@here mentioning without permission.
No @mentioning spam.
No sexually explicit content.
No pornographic content.
No NSFW content.
No illegal content.
No piracy.
No modding.
No hacking.
No publishing of personal information (including real names, addresses, emails, passwords, bank account and credit card information, etc.).
No personal attacks.
No witch hunting.
No harassment.
No sexism.
No racism.
No hate speech.
No offensive language/cursing.
No religious discussions.
No political discussions.
Agree to disagree.
No trolling.
No toxic comments.
Keep conversations in English
Use the assigned channels for conversations in other languages 
No advertisement.
No advertisement without permission.
Bot commands only under assigned channels
No offtopic/use the right text channel for the topic you wish to discuss.

Voice chat rules
No voice chat channel hopping.
No annoying, loud or high pitch noises.
Push to talk only.
Moderators reserve the right to disconnect you from a voice channel if your sound quality is poor.
Moderators reserve the right to disconnect, mute, deafen, or move members to and from voice channels.

---
## [reidca2/reidca2.github.io](https://github.com/reidca2/reidca2.github.io)@[f8e4b7dd76...](https://github.com/reidca2/reidca2.github.io/commit/f8e4b7dd76c66c400c83e4365e2bce49b4a9e57f)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 15:42:34 by reidca2

eve more new links

a crazy morning for new links, god i miss the boys im sor bored this is what i get excited over these days.

---
## [digital-asset/daml](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml)@[d83387a64d...](https://github.com/digital-asset/daml/commit/d83387a64d47fcbf9bd2450c8c2efa78a8c4e846)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 16:19:39 by Moritz Kiefer

Improve error messages in daml repl on calls to `error` (#5565)

* Improve error messages in daml repl on calls to `error`

There were two issues with calls to `error`:

1. This one is harmless but somewhat annoying: When calling `error` we
   run into the log statement in `stepToValue` which prints out the
   error message in a fairly reasonable form (you can argue whether
   Error: User abort: is a super useful prefix but that’s a relatively
   minor issue). Afterwards we then call `println` on the failed
   future. However, that will just print the type of the exception
   which isn’t something we want to show to users. I’ve just disabled
   the println statement if the exception is `SError`.

2. This one is a bigger issue: `throw x` is not the same as
   `Future.failed(x)`. I only fully realized the difference fairly
   recently. The former fails before it produces a future. So `(throw
   x).onComplete(…)` will never execute the callback. The latter is
   just a failed future. It is rather confusing to have a function
   that returns a future but then throws an exception instead of a
   future and it confuses the grpc library which prints out a horrible
   exception. I’ve changed all calls to `throw` in `runWithClients` to
   instead use `Future.failed` and `flatMap` (in the form of
   for-comprehensions).
   There are still a few calls in `run` left which I’ll leave for a
   separate PR.

I think we need to factor out some helper functions here to make this
a bit more manageable (e.g. for the Converter.toFuture) stuff but I’ll
leave that for a separate PR. You probably want to view this with
whitespace diffs disabled.

changelog_begin

- [DAML Repl] DAML Repl now produces better error messages on calls to
  `error` and `abort`.

changelog_end

* Switch stepToValue to return Either

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[10990ef702...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/10990ef702df429391dc8fe7486d6b3cba8752da)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 18:30:16 by MrD

Dispose of initPatchFile - instantiate patchers per patch: RRR SSS

I spent a lot of time thinking of a common base class for GUI and
business logic patchers till it dawned me: there should be no common
base class. This commit decouples the config phase from the business
logic. GUI is responsible for collecting the patches config and
instantiating the patchers.

Other pros:

- more straightforward - new patch new patchers
- will move all config phase in a central place where we can further
edit it.
- squash unresolved attributes warnings
- squash attribute defined outside of init warnings
- no MI - not a problem per se but not suitable here, actually the root
of the issue

Cons:

- '__init__' is less searchable than initPatchFile, but modern IDEs
should be (modulo bugs) able to list implementation
(Navigate > Implementation(s))
- Different init signatures in _Abstract_Patcher and AListPatcher

TODOs:

- enforce API: calling a "not isActive" patcher could raise an error
(note the doc "All functions are called after this")
- what happens if all enabled patchers are not active - we should return
- UpdateReferences._record_types -> we have to use getReadWriteClasses:
MreRecord.listTypes is not yet set when we import oblivion/patchers
TODO: move to another file that is not imported in game/*/patcher
- allowUnloaded and srcs attributes is a mess:

  - changed allowUnloaded to False in CBash_AliasesPatcher,
  CBash_AlchemicalCatalogs, CBash_ContentsChecker
  - CBash_SEWorldEnforcer: We need to have a srcs attribute as we have
  scanRequiresChecked=True (messy)

  new issue since then (# 495) <--- RRR. We should add sources as a
  method mixin differentiating mod and csv sources there.
- allowUnloaded can't be moved to getAutoItems - allSet is populated in
PatcherMerge init (duh)

I dropped a lot of `if not self.isActive: return`. The processing
is minimal (creating couple empty dicts) and since the patcher init is
only called on enabled patchers chances are they are active too.
Naming: separate names for separate class hierarchies - why can be seen
in this commit. I chose explicitly rough ones for the init hierarchy
as they (wrap better and oh) need to be easily excluded - params in
methods hierarchies are just noise, the attributes are of interest. For
those I have chosen to differentiate between class hierarchies - the
private _patcher_name is inherited from the GUI to be used in logs -
and signals a weak coupling that remains from MI.

SpecialPatcher erosion

Race patcher has its own issue by now (# 494) <-- RRR - for now I unmade
it from a SpecialPatcher subclass as only CBash patchers use scan_more -
RacePatcher just used group/editOrder/scanOrder overrides
- Revisit isActive/isEnabled for this patcher. allowUnloaded == False??

- SpecialPatcher(CBash_Patcher): yep, this permitted a common base
class for _CBashOnlyRacePatchers. However it also hid some unused
variable warnings. This is CBash patchers API however that does need
work - for one the hasattr calls in CBash_PatchFile.buildPatch

Bye autoRe

The names patcher override was gone since
d9b0c3e446c325337715eb8d809aee7aa4015de5
This whole machinery turns out to be used in one place - I moved it there

CBash_ContentsChecker - FFF initPatchFile

Mopy/bash/patcher/base.py: srcs are always present:

     def _srcMods(self,log):
-        """Logs the Source mods for this patcher - patcher must have `srcs`
-        attribute otherwise an AttributeError will be raised."""
+        """Logs the Source mods for this patcher."""

More SpecialPatcher erosion - move more config to gui from special

Mopy/bash/game/oblivion/patcher/special.py:
Special was one of the things that stopped me from common ABC between
GUI and data model - for a good reason, now at least the complexity
is explicit (see get_cls_vars)

isEnabled to gui

Reworked tweaks

- Names - what's the deal with bodyTags - they must be moved to game/
anyway - CBash_NamesTweaker and bodyTags -> done later on this branch
by Infernio

Mopy/bash/patcher/__init__.py: moved patches set here - we need an API
for patchers that have text file sources
Mopy/bash/game/oblivion/patcher/special.py:
- common read from text - note I dropped some GPath calls
- works correctly? Especially: SEFF = MGEFCode('SEFF') - any reason
it should not be in class scope?
- we need a common initData

+                    id_exhaustion[longid] = int(time) may raise VE
+                except (IndexError, ValueError):
+                    pass # too few items, we couldn't unpack or int() failed
+

- belongs to gui (should filter the sources) but oblivion/special are in
the way

On a second thought as patches_set is populated in the GUI
the self.srcs are always in the set if they don't exist
anymore (see Mopy/bash/game/oblivion/patcher/special.py)
in Mopy/bash/patcher/patchers/base.py there were if file checks but
here is a classic application of EAFP

Common init and some EAFP

fields=[1,2,3]
mod,objectIndex,eid,time = fields[:4]
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<input>", line 1, in <module>
ValueError: need more than 3 values to unpack
int('abc',16)
2748
int('abc')
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "<input>", line 1, in <module>
ValueError: invalid literal for int() with base 10: 'abc'

Moved _read_write_records to _Abstract_Patcher - better names needed

Mopy/bash/patcher/patchers/multitweak_names.py
Mopy/bash/patcher/patchers/multitweak_assorted.py:
Some getTypes pruning in tweaks

self.activeTypes is only read so I replaced it with tweak_read_classes

CBash race getTypes - remove class variable races_data

Mopy/bash/patcher/patchers/importers.py: moved tag_attrs out of init,
they are static

SpecialPatcher(CBash_Patcher):

scan_more is only used in CBash and then not in all the previous
subclasses of SpecialPatcher

Infernio:

Refactoring _AListsMerger a bit

Properly passes a defaultdict version of configChoices in instead of
hackily assigning it later and unifies the deflstMasters/delevMasters
variables as de_masters, eliminating some duplicate code.

Note this diff:
-        self.srcMods = set(self.srcs) & p_file.loadSet
+        self.srcs = set(self.srcs) & p_file.loadSet

That's almost certainly what was intended (it mirrors ListsMerger
perfectly), but the srcMods/srcs difference seems to have been missed
during the FO3/FNV merge.

Also dropped some commented out lines from the ListsMerger that were
still in the FidListsMerger and marked mastersScanned with a FIXME -
that was probably intended to avoid duplicate work for the de_masters
calculation, have to check if using it is feasible.

_AListsMerger couple docstring + fixup

Note that I dropped the itemgetter import, found that usage horribly
confusing, IMO the list comprehension is much clearer. Might be slower,
feel free to benchmark

Co-authored-by: Infernio <infernio@icloud.com>

---
## [jasonrohrer/OneLife](https://github.com/jasonrohrer/OneLife)@[ad723e6257...](https://github.com/jasonrohrer/OneLife/commit/ad723e625702d97b77a99912ed657cf4587734f3)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 19:27:24 by Jason Rohrer

If your last life was a short life (currently under 10 years, a live server setting), then you are not counted toward posse size when you join a posse.  This prevents people from die-cycling to find their friends and then gang up on people to kill them.  You earn the right to join a posse by surviving through childhood in your previous life.  This is similar to the twin restriction on being counted toward a posse.  People who are die-cycling to find each other are essentially non-identical twins.

---
## [MrMizuwari/cooking-recipes](https://github.com/MrMizuwari/cooking-recipes)@[c43ba16291...](https://github.com/MrMizuwari/cooking-recipes/commit/c43ba16291b6876ab85600e0ce0f336ad6f3e08d)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 19:44:25 by MrMizuwari

Cornbread recipe

Got it from a friend in the South. God bless her heart.

---
## [connor-prinster/web-development](https://github.com/connor-prinster/web-development)@[88aadff209...](https://github.com/connor-prinster/web-development/commit/88aadff209b4faf998f552222cbebfe9fa7a076f)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 19:45:11 by Connor Prinster

added a LOT more constants to get everything all nice and easy to manage imho

trying to work on making it a node server

amost have a server

everything but input works, I think

The server works, what a pain

don't have newgame or highscores working. customize controls isn't working e3ither

looks a lot better

need to make sure the frog won't just jump across the page. Going to use the maze code

more work

getting the animation to work somewhat

got the frog animating kind of nicely

better rendering and play

frog moves nice now!

fun stuff

stuff is here, car stuff probably

turtles and cars, though the cars are in the ocean...

I can't remember exactly what thhis commit had in it

the turtles are decent, but not great

almost the appropriate amount of turtles

trucks now work

this is a lot nicer

working on intersections

cars can not be seen as intersecting

intersection works with all the objects except water

got the intersection going for water, bush, and lilypad

you can now see what terrain you're on

frog now knows on what terrain

working on stuff

frog dies, turns into skull, and will not be able to move

the logs work great now

having issues selecting the alligators

alligators look a heck of a lot nicer

can now have good turtle positions for line 7

turtles now do random stuff

has issues as crossing the line causes errors

the intersection works now

can have points and seconds passed

can draw the time bar, nothing happens when it's empty though

cars are better split out

trucks look a lot nicer

trucks and all cars work

logs look nice now, still need alligators

having issues with the alligator logs having a too large hitbox

a good chunk was done today, hopefully tomorrow I can be done

has lives that end

got the winners to show up

otters and flies

can see stuff more

lots of progress, alligators still need to work, particles too, sound as well

alligators kill you when their mouths are open

turtle works

turtles dive now

better timing

working on particles

working on particles going in all four directions

particles in all directions

particles can go in a square now

the lilypad particles work

time limit kills it

about to focus on nothing but exploding frog

frogs go boom

particles are done

added the dodead stuff back

the burst now only happens at a truck or car

using sound a lot more, looks a lot nicer

can now add scores

ready for fine tuning

sound is more than implemented, need a game over screen tho

fixed the stupid issue with the speed up

audio handling is improved

you now have a text that says game over stuff

set it to the default controls

trying to change drawables and trucks

eveyrthing works from what I can tell

updated the background to look nicer

---
## [danking/hail](https://github.com/danking/hail)@[14f8bfbe6a...](https://github.com/danking/hail/commit/14f8bfbe6afde37d2146b79dd80ae812d7764e00)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 20:34:49 by Daniel King

[many] only the router defines services

This PR teaches most of our cluster how to exclusively speak HTTPS instead of
HTTP. The exceptions are:
- from batch-driver to batch workers
- from batch workers to internal-gateway
- to ukbb-rg
- from router to notebook workers
- letsencrypt (oh the irony)

HTTP is implemented on TCP/IP. HTTPS is also implemented on TCP/IP and differs
very mildly. After the socket is opened, a TLS [1] connection is established
over the socket. Thereafter, every HTTP message is encrypted and transported by
the TLS machinery. The HTTP protocol is unchanged. The default port fort HTTP is
80 and the default port for HTTPS 443, however any port may be used.

There are currently four versions of TLS, the latest is TLS 1.3. All versions of
SSL are considered insecure.

The OpenSSL library implements TLS. There are other implementations, such as
LibreSSL, but they implement roughly the same interface as OpenSSL.

The TLS protocol defines both a scheme for the *encryption of messages* and for
the *authentication of parties*. The protocol defines authentication as
optional. In practice, at least one party presents authentication. For example,
public web servers authenticate themselves to clients but clients do not
reciprocate.

TLS uses X.509 Certificates for authentication. X.509 is a rather complicated
standard. X.509 Certificates can be serialized in a variety of ways. We use the
Privacy-enhanced Electronic Mail (PEM) file format for serialization. PEM is
really simple. A file may contain multiple base64-encoded blobs each with a
header and footer of the form:

```
-----BEGIN LABEL-----
...
-----END LABEL-----
```

where `LABEL` describes the data. We only use two labels: `CERTIFICATE` and
`PRIVATE KEY`.

An X.509 Certificate is an unforgeable proof of identity. It usually is paired
with a private key that was used to digitally sign the certificate. In the
security literature, an authenticatable entity is usually called a
*principal*. Each principal should have a unique private key. In our system the
principals are both our services (e.g. `batch`, `batch-driver`) and any
non-serving clients (e.g. `test-batch`, `admin-pod`). A key and certificate are
generated ad nihilum by `openssl req -new`:

```
openssl req -new \
        -x509
        -keyout key_file
        -out cert_file
        -newkey rsa:4096
        -nodes
        -subj /CN=example.com
        -addext subjectAltName = DNS:www.example.com,DNS:foo.com
```

The first three arguments are self-explanatory. I explain the rest:

- `-newkey rsa:4096`. TLS supports many different kinds of private keys. This
  generates a 4096-bit private key.
- `-nodes`. This should be read as "no DES". It means that the private key is not
  itself encrypted using DES and a password.
- `-subj /CN=example.com`. This certificate is valid for a server whose DNS name
  is `example.com`. If "hostname checking" is enabled (web browsers always
  enable it), then the client will reject the certificate if the hostname used
  to open the socket does not match the certificate.
- `-addext subjectAltName = ...`. This specifies additional acceptable hostnames
  for the aformentioned hostname check.

An X.509 Certificate only proves that the principal has a private key. On the
world wide web, ownership of a particular domain, e.g. `example.com`, is
guaranteed by a Certificate Authority (CA). A Certificate Authority (like
letsencypt or VeriSign) digitally signs the certificate of a user that has
proven they own the domain name mentioned in the certificate (see above
discussion of `CN` and `subjectAltName`). Web browsers have a file of the "root"
certificates of the public Certificate Authorities. They establish a "chain of
trust" from a root certificate to the server's certificate.

Our system is simpler. We have no root certificate. Each principal has a
certificate which is given to all the principals to which it might
communicate.

TLS has many encryption schemes. I will focus on encryption using a *symmetric*
key because asymmetric schemes do not enable *forward secrecy* [2]. Under
forward secret schemes, the two parties share a private key unknown to all
adversaries. TLS 1.3 makes forward secrecy mandatory. I intend to eventually
require all our services to refuse to speak anything other than TLS 1.3.

The shared private key is used to encrypt and decrypt messages sent over a
socket. This poses a problem: how do two parties who have never met each other
agree on a private key without revealing the key to the public? This is a
classic cryptography problem called [key
exchange](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key_exchange). The classic solution to
this problem is [Diffie-Hellman key
exchange](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffie–Hellman_key_exchange). The
Wikipedia article has "General overview" which is quite clear.

In addition to a key, the parties must agree on a cipher. There are many old,
insecure ciphers available. In the future I intend all our servers to refuse to
use insecure ciphers. Mozilla
[has a list of secure cipher suites](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS#Recommended_configurations).

Every principal in our system has a secret: `ssl-config-NAME`. These secrets are
automatically created for a particular namespace by `tls/create_certs.py`. Who
trusts who (i.e. who is allowed to talk to whom) is defined by
`tls/config.yaml`. For example, `site` is defined in `config.yaml` as follows:

```
- name: site
  domain: site
  kind: nginx
  incoming:
  - admin-pod
  - router
```

A principal named "site" exists. Site's domain names are `site`,
`site.NAMESPACE`, `site.NAMESPACE.svc.cluster.local`. Site's configuration files
should be in NGINX configuration file format. Site accepts incoming requests
from the principals named admin-pod and router. Site is not permitted to make
any outgoing requests. `create_certs.py` will create a new secret named
`ssl-config-site` which contains five files:

- `site-config-http.conf`: an NGINX configuration file that configures TLS for
  incoming requests.
- `site-config-proxy.conf`: an NGINX configuration file that configures TLS for
  outgoing (proxy_pass) requests.
- `site-key.pem`: a private key.
- `site-cert.pem`: a certificate.
- `site-incoming.pem`: a list of certificates trusted for incoming requests.
- `site-outgoing.pem`: a list of certificates expected from outgoing requests.

If site makes an HTTP request to a server and that server does not return a
certificate in `site-outgoing.pem`, it will immediately halt the connection. I
intend (though do not currently) site to also reject incoming requests that are
not accompanied by a certificate in `site-incoming.pem`. I describe the [trouble
with that later](#incoming-trust).

There are two other kinds: `json` and `curl`. The former is for Hail Python
services. The later is for the admin-pod and image-fetcher.

Deploy will run `create_certs` on every master deploy. Newly deployed services
will be unable to talk to not-yet-deployed services. I include the
one-deploy-ago certificates in the trust chains, but once incoming trust is
fixed, I am unsure how to smoothly upgrade services. I probably need to notify
old services to refresh their certificates after the secrets are updated.

Mutual TLS (mTLS) refers to TLS connections wherein both sides are
authenticated. This is rare on the web. In our system, it means verifying that a
request made to you carries a certificate in the `NAME-incoming.pem` file. I
cannot enable that in this PR because the three unmanaged services,
router-resolver, internal-gateway, and gateway, do not currently have
certificates. As a result, all the services in the PR namespace reject the
requests from the unmangaed services. In particular, batch pods cannot
communicate with batch-driver.

After this PR is deployed and the unmanaged services have certificates, I can
enable mutual TLS. I've marked the tow lines that need to change with `# FIXME:
mTLS`.

The [confused deputy
problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Confused_deputy_problem) is a classic
in computer security. It refers to a situation with two parties: the deputy and
the attacker. The deputy has authority that the attacker does not. For example,
the deputy can arrest people. A *confused deputy* is one which has been tricked
by the attacker into misusing its authority.

In master, Batch has a confused deputy problem: it issues a callback in response
to a batch finishing. That callback is issued from within the cluster and
therefore can name many of our services which are not exposed to the
internet. With the introduction of TLS everywhere, a confused deputy callback
will fail because the victim will not receive a valid Batch certificate (batch
purposely does not send certificates with the callbacks). Batch only uses its
certificate to send a callback for CI. This is safe because we control CI and
ensure it is not compromised.

In the long run, I want to fix batch to use an entirely different network for
callbacks.

`aiohttp` silently ignores most invalid TLS requests, this makes debugging a TLS
issue difficult.

`aiohttp`'s `raise_for_status` does not include the HTTP body in the
message. NGINX sometimes returns 400 in response to TLS issues with a proxy. It
includes crucial details in the HTTP body. I usually debug these issues by
sshing to the client pod and using curl to manually reproduce the error.

Readiness and liveness probes cannot use HTTP. Although k8s supports HTTPS, it
does not support so-called "mTLS" or "mutual TLS." This is fancy verbiage for
servers that require clients to send trusted certificates. I will eventually require
this. There is a lot of information in GitHub issues and the Istio web pages
about this, but at the end of the day, kubernetes does not support this. TCP
probes are the best we can do. There [was a
PR](kubernetes/kubernetes#61231) to allow httpGet probes
to send the kubelet certificate, but it was closed because, apparently, the
[httpGet probes can be targeted at arbitrary IP
addresses](kubernetes/kubernetes#61231 (review)) (what
the hell?), ergo Confused Deputy.

- Require TLS 1.3 everywhere.
- Comply with Mozilla's "Modern" recommendations.
- [Incoming Trust](#incoming-trust).
- Refresh certificates after deploying new ones.

[1] TLS: Transport Layer Security. Preceded by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) which
    is not obsolete and insecure. After SSL version 3, a new version of SSL was
    proposed in RFC 2246. This new version was backwards-incompatible and was
    thus given a new name: Transport Layer Security. In common discussion, SSL
    and TLS are used interchangeable. Indeed, the python TLS library is called
    `ssl`.

[2] Forward secrecy is a property of an encryption system. Forward secrecy means
    a message cannot be decrypted in the future by an adversary who learned one
    of the private keys. For example, imagine you are sending sensitive messages
    to another individual. If that individual is later coerced into revealing
    their secret key, forward secrecy would prevent the coercer from reading
    your messages. Forward secrecy is achieved by negotiating a shared private
    key between the two parties that is only used for a "session" and then
    discarded. If the session key is securely discarded and neither key can
    recreate it without cooperation from the other key, then *one* leaked key is
    insufficient to reveal the messages.

---

Things for you to verify:
- does every service load *its own unqiue* ssl-config secret?
- does every service use an SSL context for serving?
- does everyone who makes http requests to internal services use an SSL client
  session?
- do all TLS-secured nginx instances include their http.conf in the `http`
  section and the `proxy.conf` file in any proxying sections?
- Do the SSLContext's from `ssl.py` and the nginx configurations generated by
  `create_certs.py` actually ensure security?

Post-merge actions:
- deploy gateway
- deploy internal-gateway
- deploy router-resolver

Anticipated outages:

- Before a service is redeployed it will be inaccessible from the outside
  because the router will try to speak to it on HTTPS. Services that speak to
  one another (ci<->batch, everyone<->auth) will lose connections while the
  deploy is happening. Deploy should move smoothly because CI will completely
  transmit the deploy batch to batch before batch goes dark.
- dev namespaces will be broken until the owner redeploys the router, etc.

---
## [TSammyG/advanced_web](https://github.com/TSammyG/advanced_web)@[6f28a6c26b...](https://github.com/TSammyG/advanced_web/commit/6f28a6c26b63b04d3561044285c37431a2b46af1)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-15 21:07:52 by GSickley

Successfully implemented infinite scrolling after blood sweat and tears unmeasurable. I want to die :^)

---

# [<](2020-04-14.md) 2020-04-15 [>](2020-04-16.md)

