# [<](2020-01-09.md) 2020-01-10 [>](2020-01-11.md)

2,019,676 events, 1,000,151 push events, 1,598,019 commit messages, 121,559,733 characters


## [action-is-hope/shelley@0c379977f4...](https://github.com/action-is-hope/shelley/commit/0c379977f4fda297e13675bea605169d18a7d358)
##### 2020-01-10 01:29:18 by mnapthine

As much as I am British, I am also practical and if the would of programming decides to use the American spelling then who am I to stand in the way. It does remind me of a conferance call at Nokia when an American colleague decided to point out that we had spelt colour wrong in the brand 'deck'... I think it was the Finish that found this the most amusing, the brits just rolled their eyes. True story. He will now have the last laugh as I decide that I have in fact spelt colour wrong. I would contest that I simple didn't write it effeciantly enough :-). If this ever appears in a tweet I will be amazing. Maybe this is a new craze #CommitStories If you are reading this from the future then hello! How is our planet doing, she was suffering from an autoimmune disorder the last I checked.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@5ce3e48a04...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5ce3e48a0400b6fe1be6148ce57c001020acae2b)
##### 2020-01-10 09:23:52 by Marko Grdinić

"10:05am. I went to bed pretty late, but I slept well. Well, it is time to slack. I do not really feel like starting now. It is my vacation and everything, I'll put in the effort later. I've found the English rip of Infinite Dendogram vol 2 and I want to read it. LHscans picked it up as well, so maybe we'll see the other volumes translated in a timely manner as well.

The threads on /a/ about it are always a joy to lurk in.

I saw a while ago that Himenospia will be ending soon. That is really lame. There was a lot of foreshadowing, but that means nothing now - no world war, no shadow war, no human extinction, no nothing. Just the MC licking the floor of her jail cell. Vol 1 of Himenospia was beyond amazing, but now I expect nothing of it.

10:10am. *ahem* Much like I do not expect anything of the field of ML right now.

In fact, that has always been the case. I've always been a true believer in its long term potential, but in the short term I've opted to cast many nets as an expression of my skepticism. I've channeled my skepticism into learning and trying to reason through the algorithms I've looked into. That desire is completely broken now.

Now, I will channel my skepticism through the use of evolutionary methods.

Much like I've dropped type theory in favor of mastering the low style, I will also drop higher order optimizers like KFAC in favor of various tricks. I will use my 'reversibility' ideas to separate out the RL from the SL aspects and that will make KFAC irrelevant. I won't be able to use it smoothly with reversibility anyway and it is just going to be dead weight there.

Also it is incompatible with some of newer tricks that I want to use.

This kind of tends to be the usual outcome with fancy things. You bet on Zap and then realize it does nothing for CFR. You bet on KFAC, and then discover the principles of reversibility. You aim for understanding and then far too quickly reach your limits, realizing that the truest expression of understanding are the programs themselves.

10:20am. I am not going to fail again. This time I will play God without irony.

Let me stop here. Rather than ranting, let me vacation. I'll take care of the let statements and whatever else is needed when it is time to start."

---
## [tgstation/tgstation@f4f8a686df...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/f4f8a686dfebbf5eb3a6756c168488913a634bc2)
##### 2020-01-10 12:25:14 by LemonInTheDark

Makes grounding rods consistent, changes the supermatters bolts a great deal. (#48472)

* Goof I will find you and I will berate you

holy hell

Calm and peaceful ahhhhh

I swear goofs pc failing was the biggest tragedy in gaming

Fixes some flags

More touchups

Now to squash

Goofs PC failing was the biggest tragady in GAMING

* Fixing some misspellings before the bee gets me

* GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF

* Full vehicle support

* Changes some flags around, "fixes" some bugs, makes being shocked less insane

* Makes spliting more reasonable, unfucks some shitty tesla code I copypasta'd into the sm, godspeed shitcode,
none noticed you.

* Removes my tesla_ignore_1 fix, another pr is up that should solve things, so we're just leaving it in for now,
gonna have to deal with merge conflicts when it gets merged, but that won't be too bad

* tfw

* Nothing to see here folks

* I'm a boomer

---
## [Korialstrasz/AngelaStats@655bc3379f...](https://github.com/Korialstrasz/AngelaStats/commit/655bc3379fa839f5c9fc10797982841c7239d79c)
##### 2020-01-10 15:23:35 by Korialstrasz

[STATS]
Add new scene "A World Without Men"
Add new scene "Angela White: Complete Submission to The Pope"
Add new scene "Another Life Part 1 & 2"
Add new scene "Angela's Amazing Skills"
Add new DVD link "Black Is Better 9"
Add new DVD link "Exposure"
Add new DVD link "She's My Daddy"
Add new DVD link "Girls Who Deep Throat 5"
Update info for "Busty Roommates Angela White and Cherie Deville release some sexual tension together"

---
## [SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended@a564e9e0a1...](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended/commit/a564e9e0a1a7980685d3824d4fc665f2f2ac4205)
##### 2020-01-10 15:57:33 by AmyBSOD

Oh dammit

Goddamn this fucking curses interface, man!

---
## [M3TIOR/Phoenix@39515f2ba4...](https://github.com/M3TIOR/Phoenix/commit/39515f2ba461a7717a4a263410fb952c58e8d8fb)
##### 2020-01-10 19:54:01 by Ruby Allison Rose

fix(ingame-terminal): Fixed improper const string allocation.

Also I decided to standardize std::string use throughout this
API because me having a conniption over const cstring allocation
wasn't getting me anywhere. Also I discovered after doing some
research that ImGui does window name "namespace" management
builtin. So I was trying to do a nothingburger. That's been
eliminated. I think everything else is good so far.

--------------------OPTIONAL-------------------------------

If you shit on me again Barney I'm going to take your purple
ass and chuck you off a cliff. Not really, I'll probably just
cry about it (literally because I have a minor god complex
and having someone else be better than me is absolutely the worst
most degrading thing ever) and then convince myself that I'll
somehow be better than you if I use the current opportunity as
a learning experience (even though I know I'm not better than
anyone, and no one is better than me; we're all equal in the eyes
of time & the universe and whatnot because there is no scale)
Inevitably comming back with my ego bruised and better work
accomplished. So please, don't stop giving me good advice
even if I may cry because of it.

I do appreciate that all the problems weren't addressed at once,
because I know the first time I felt like you were just shitting
on me to halt progress, even if that wasn't your intent. Not having
to stare at a wall of disappointment on my own end is nice.

I don't know atm what could help us collaborate better / help me
learn faster / stop me from dying on the inside when I make mistakes
so just keep doing you and being a good reviewer.

Good news is when I deem something important enough I almost never
forget it; and because I hyperfixate over programming I shouldn't
make the same mistakes again.

I've also just came from a C/C++ hiatus doing things in Python,
Javascript, and a lot of higher level programming languages. Totally
giving myself excuses because I feel like shit about making you
spend extra time on my PR when I feel like I should have known
better.

---
## [rsalmaso/mame@f3d0c29e11...](https://github.com/rsalmaso/mame/commit/f3d0c29e118cdbcbd7720ca3259d31ef259b2430)
##### 2020-01-10 21:55:09 by Firehawke

December Apple update per usual (#6078)

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Koronis Rift, Tangled Tales, Nord and Bert Couldn't Make Head or Tail of It (Release 19 / 870722), Drug Alert!, In Search of the Most Amazing Thing [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: The Boy Jesus (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

Also correct several titles via anoid PM...

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Dinosaur Days Plus!, Now You See It, Now You Don't - Was it there? Was it missing?, Into The Eagle's Nest, Ecology Simulations II, Thrilogy [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: In Search of the Most Amazing Thing (First Revision) (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

* Slight adjustment to the description on the Apple II softlists (nw)

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Space Quest: The Sarien Encounter, Portal, Earth Orbit Stations, Adventure [4am, Firehawke]

* apple2_flop_clcracked: Replace Music Construction Set (cleanly cracked) to fix damaged sector.

* Remove A2 misc dump of Marble Madness. Second disk is dupe of first. No cracktro or other reason to keep this over the cleanly cracked copy. (nw)

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: SwordThrust, The Hunt for Red October, Galactic Attack, Journey (version 16), Southern Command, Wizardry IV: The Return of Werdna, Arthur: The Quest for Excalibur, The Bard's Tale [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: MicroChess (Version 2.0) (cleanly cracked). The Spy's Adventures in North America (Version 1987-10-31) (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Adventure Construction Set, The Ancient Art of War, Borg [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: Magic Mailer (Version 1.1) (cleanly cracked), Mind Over Minors (cleanly cracked), Temple of Apshai (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

---

# [<](2020-01-09.md) 2020-01-10 [>](2020-01-11.md)

