# [<](2020-07-14.md) 2020-07-15 [>](2020-07-16.md)

2,481,118 events, 1,225,645 push events, 1,959,499 commit messages, 136,977,501 characters


## [newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria)@[44a9aa4921...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria/commit/44a9aa49214d8f21a4d75d17df60b544058a9f80)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 00:45:39 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [dailypost.ng/2020/07/04/kaduna-apostle-joseph-of-faith-agape-church-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-16-year-old-girl-for-five-years/]

---
## [kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io](https://github.com/kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io)@[22d437f597...](https://github.com/kaitgaiss/kaitgaiss.github.io/commit/22d437f5977ac9c6922bb7b800fac10a11de622b)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 02:24:38 by Kait Gaiss

Rewrite-2

I must have been feeling really sentimental this morning, because when I came back to this in the evening I was like...um, what is this. Writing's hard, man. But it's even harder when you're writing for an audience that doesn't exist. I decided not to adjust my tone or voice, or try to speak to anyone in particular beyond myself. I decided to write like I would in my journal, and see what comes of it.

---
## [judgex/desertrose](https://github.com/judgex/desertrose)@[c335474246...](https://github.com/judgex/desertrose/commit/c3354742464318bfea8806a3a846333a452dbad7)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 02:27:08 by goodolrusty

The juggernaut anti-cheese update, and a new sprite. (#507)

* NCR Sprite Bugfix

Fixes the issue with the NCR exile armor not having the correct sprite. Change Log: Corrects the file path to the right one for NCR exile armor (hotfix)

* Bin reduction update

First update to reduce bins from 30 to 6 held items.  This is the first pass-through.

* Baseball bat recipe readded

Not sure why this got deleted, readded

* Storage containers tweak v1

Adds additional logic to restore them to larger sizes.

* St Jeromes Update

Update

* The unfuck yourself commit

Fixes all the broken recipes where it was required to have a forge.

Adds in crafting for sledgehammers, and throwing knives

Add a forge to the legion camp.

* I will not touch things hotfix

Minor hotfix.

* Anti-cheese update, m762 sprite

Added in drag delay, and throw range for juggernaut armor to stop cheesing.

Made a sprite for the m7.62 belt for when it was empty.  One did not exist previously.

---
## [Ramdhei-codes/cursoGit-GithubPlatzi](https://github.com/Ramdhei-codes/cursoGit-GithubPlatzi)@[f28c8bb3f4...](https://github.com/Ramdhei-codes/cursoGit-GithubPlatzi/commit/f28c8bb3f455c32834366e89e106509f804e25d0)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 03:07:16 by Ramdhei

Got the rebase concept, this is such a bad practice, fuck you

---
## [harshkhatter/Target-Codevita-15](https://github.com/harshkhatter/Target-Codevita-15)@[51b40021f8...](https://github.com/harshkhatter/Target-Codevita-15/commit/51b40021f8eae61d84d74af84531d293f8837e5e)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 05:28:05 by Harsh Khatter

Taum-and-bday-statement

Problem Statement:
Taum is planning to celebrate the birthday of his friend, Diksha. There are two types of gifts that Diksha wants from Taum: one is black and the other is white. To make her happy, Taum has to buy b black gifts and w white gifts.
-    The cost of each black gift is bc units.
-    The cost of every white gift is wc units.
-    The cost of converting each black gift into white gift or vice versa is  z units.

Help Taum by deducing the minimum amount he needs to spend on Diksha's gifts.

For example, if Taum wants to buy b=3 black gifts and w=5 white gifts at a cost of bc=3 , wc=4 and conversion cost z=1, we see that he can buy a black gift for 3 and convert it to a white gift for 1, making the total cost of each white gift 4. That matches the cost of a white gift, so he can do that or just buy black gifts and white gifts. Either way, the overall cost is 3*3+5*4=29. 

Function Description:
Complete the function taumBday in the editor below. It should return the minimal cost of obtaining the desired gifts.
taumBday has the following parameter(s):
    b: the number of black gifts
    w: the number of white gifts
    bc: the cost of a black gift
    wc: the cost of a white gift
    z: the cost to convert one color gift to the other color

For details, refer
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/taum-and-bday/problem

---
## [rurounijones/DCS-OverlordBot](https://github.com/rurounijones/DCS-OverlordBot)@[b30b670adb...](https://github.com/rurounijones/DCS-OverlordBot/commit/b30b670adb30e09d445908c89807f127c2697760)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 10:16:39 by Jeffrey Jones

Add some basic visual editing

Add some basic visual editing features which allow you to create
taxiways between nodes at a fixed cost of 1. It tries to guess the name
but is pretty damn stupid.

The aim of this change is to remove the most painful part of adding the
taxiways which is all the copying and pasting and typing.

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[582ab55541...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/582ab55541e597a343bd4c7b32886fea2a9d1c53)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 10:41:23 by adam

haproxy: updated to 2.2.0

HAProxy 2.2.0 was released on 2020/07/07. It added 24 new commits
after version 2.2-dev12.

There were very few last-minute changes since dev12, just as I hoped,
that's pretty fine.

We're late by about 1 month compared to the initial planning, which is
not terrible and should be seen instead as an investment on the debugging
cycle since almost only bug fixes were merged during that period. In the
end you get a better version later.

While I was initially worried that this version didn't seem to contain
any outstanding changes, looking back in the mirror tells be it's another
awesome one instead:

  - dynamic content emission:
     - "http-request return" directive to build dynamic responses ;
     - rewrite of headers (including our own) after the response ;
     - dynamic error files (errorfiles can be used as templates to
       deliver personalized pages)

  - further improvements to TLS runtime certificates management:
     - insertion of new certificates
     - split of key and cert
     - manipulation and creation of crt-lists
     - even directories can be handled

    And by the way now TLSv1.2 is set as the default minimum version.

  - significant reduction of server-side resources by sharing idle
    connection pools between all threads ; till 2.1 if you had 64 threads,
    each of them had its own connections, so the reuse rate was lower, and
    the idle connection count was very high. This is not the case anymore.

  - health-checks were rewritten to all rely on tcp-check rules behind the
    curtains. This allowed to get rid of all the dirt we had accumulate over
    18 years and to write extensible checks. New ones are much easier to add.
    In addition we now have http-checks which support header and body
    addition, and which pass through muxes (HTTP/1 and HTTP/2).

  - ring buffer creation with ability to forward any event to any log server
    including over TCP. This means that it's now possible to log over a TCP
    syslog server, and that adding new protocols should be fairly easy.

  - further refined and improved debugging (symbols in panic dumps, malloc
    debugging, more activity counters)

  - the default security was improved. For example fork() is forbidden by
    default, which will block against any potential code execution (and
    will also block external checks by default unless explicitly unblocked).

  - new performance improvements in the scheduler and I/O layers, reducing
    the cost of I/O processing and overall latency. I've known from private
    discussions that some noticed tremendous gains there.

I'm pretty sure there are many other things but I don't remember, I'm
looking at my notes. I'm aware that HaproxyTech will soon post an in-depth
review on the haproxy.com blog so just have a look there for all the details.
(edit: it's already there: https://www.haproxy.com/blog/announcing-haproxy-2-2/
).

There are three things I noted during the development of this version.

The first one is that with the myriad of new tools we're using to help
users and improve our code quality (discourse, travis, cirrus, oss-fuzz,
mailing-list etc), some people really found their role in the project and
are becoming more autonomous. This definitely scales much better and helps
me spend less time on things that are not directly connected to my code
activities, so thank you very much for this (Lukas, Tim, Ilya, Cyril).

The second one is that this is the first version that has been tortured
in production long before the release. And when I'm saying "tortured", I
really mean it, because several of us were suffering as well. But it
allowed to address very serious issues that would have been a nightmare
to debug and fix post-release. For this I really want to publicly thank
William Dauchy for all his work and involvement on this, and for all the
very detailed reports he's sent us. For me this is the proof that running
code early on very limited traffic is enough to catch unacceptable bugs
that will not hit you later. And this pays off because he will be able to
deploy 2.2 soon without sweating. Others might face bugs that were not in
the perimeter he tested, hehe :-) I really encourage anyone who can to do
this. I know it's not easy and can be risky, but with some organization
and good prod automation it's possible and is great. What's nice with
reporting bugs during development is that you have a safe version to roll
back to and it can take the time it takes to fix the bug, it's not a
problem! Please think about it and what it would imply for you to adopt
such a model, it's a real time saver and risk saver for your production.

The last one is that we started to use the -next branch to queue some
pending work (that was already merged) and that the principle of finishing
one version while we're starting to queue some work for the next one is
well accepted and will help really us. I'd like this to continue and grow
in importance.

Enough talking, now's time to download and update, and for me to leave to
have dinner :-)

---
## [aishwarya3wuppukonduru/coding](https://github.com/aishwarya3wuppukonduru/coding)@[d48d62d22c...](https://github.com/aishwarya3wuppukonduru/coding/commit/d48d62d22c5d5386496844732dd229a0a7b57d25)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 11:12:52 by Aishwarya W. S. S

Create hash table in java

why so serious
smile please
lets put a smile on that face
do i look like i am kidding
i really have to congratulate myself on this one
ever danced with the devil in the moonlight
The wand chooses the wizard remember i think we must expect great things from you mister potter
loose sometime now to win later
good morning mister potter
i am the king of the world

---
## [Skofos/skofos.github.io](https://github.com/Skofos/skofos.github.io)@[b2a7d8b688...](https://github.com/Skofos/skofos.github.io/commit/b2a7d8b688a9f322a45ae0be85aed3881de649ca)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 12:41:38 by Skofos

hacker nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooob

fuck you c0r

---
## [discordextremelist/website](https://github.com/discordextremelist/website)@[00ba54ada7...](https://github.com/discordextremelist/website/commit/00ba54ada7baa2e1c9f5fefb65fd2792ac2bd699)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 13:37:17 by Cairo

Merge pull request #54 from discordextremelist/staging

FUCK YOU

---
## [zhengxinhouse/zhengxinhouse.github.io](https://github.com/zhengxinhouse/zhengxinhouse.github.io)@[24cae2e563...](https://github.com/zhengxinhouse/zhengxinhouse.github.io/commit/24cae2e563f5f9475236549a3717c1f5a0e28a64)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 16:46:49 by steven12138

FUCK YOU, UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

---
## [cozy-labs/cozy-desktop](https://github.com/cozy-labs/cozy-desktop)@[6016e19abc...](https://github.com/cozy-labs/cozy-desktop/commit/6016e19abc0329fe9a74ccfc0ac4ec7560955e36)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 17:09:54 by Erwan Guyader

core/metadata: Use full mtime as updated_at (#1817)

We'll now use the local content modification date (i.e. `mtime` field
of `Stats` objects) with its full precision as the new `updated_at`
value when propagating local changes to the remote Cozy instead of
using the max value between the content modification date and the
metadata modification date (i.e. `ctime` field), truncated to the
second.

We've decided to use the full `mtime` precision for the local state
`updated_at` attribute to be sure not to miss any file updates.
However, this presented us with a challenge in the test examples.
Indeed, we would sometimes have to compute this value from the main
`updated_at` attribute which could be equal to the local `ctime` value
and did not carry the milliseconds. We would thus have time differences
in our expectations and the examples would fail.

To avoid introducing hacks in the test files, we changed the way we
compute the main `updated_at`. We're now using the `mtime` value with
its full precision.
This change is in line with the experience we want to offer our users.
We believe the content modification time is the best time to use as
the "last modified" time which, in our opinion, should not be affected
by permission changes, movements, etc.

To keep the full precision of the date, we'll use the recent `updatedAt`
parameter in the `cozy-stack` API since the old `Date` header which 
expected a date serialized as a GMT datestring, missing the 
milliseconds.

---
## [colecloudtostreet/geoserver](https://github.com/colecloudtostreet/geoserver)@[a9402e7874...](https://github.com/colecloudtostreet/geoserver/commit/a9402e7874849a516ddce5373f6f222ca312df88)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 17:11:24 by Cole Erickson

Fix invalid cast to LayerInfoImpl

When I try to upload layers to Geonode, I get a 500 response with this stack trace https://pastebin.com/yiLbJFTp

It's caused by a failed request from Geonode to Geoserver which gives us this error:

org.geoserver.security.decorators.SecuredLayerInfo cannot be cast to org.geoserver.catalog.impl.LayerInfoImpl

The full stack trace from the Geoserver log is in here https://pastebin.com/mq5BWFaf

I think this is because I reconfigured Geonode to use HTTPS. Maybe there's a deeper issue here but, just by looking at the hierarchy of superclasses/interfaces, it seems like no cast is needed here, we should just treat the object.

I'm having trouble building a WAR that contains all the plugins needed in my production environment, so I can't test this in the environment where I'm running into the issue. Would someone else be able to test passing a SecuredLayerInfo as `orig` here? Thanks

---
## [MarioSilvaGH/Rich-Presence-U](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Rich-Presence-U)@[aeb24c1602...](https://github.com/MarioSilvaGH/Rich-Presence-U/commit/aeb24c160227fe58e5a6f3d6031fd81650ecec01)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 20:47:31 by MarioSilvaGH

+18 titles (Nintendo Switch)

- STORY OF SEASONS: Friends of Mineral Town
- DORAEMON STORY OF SEASONS
- Catherine: Full Body
- Fate/EXTELLA: The Umbral Star
- Fate/EXTELLA LINK
- Mega Man Zero/ZX Legacy Collection
- Mega Man Legacy Collection 2
- Mega Man X Legacy Collection
- Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2
- Little Town Hero
- Chocobo's Mystery Dungeon EVERY BUDDY!
- Xenon Valkyrie+
- Jet Kave Adventure
- Deadly Premonition Origins
- Deadly Premonition 2: A Blessing In Disguise
- Clubhouse Games: 51 Worldwide Classics
- Bloodstained: Curse of the Moon
- Bloodstained: Curse of the Moon 2

---
## [LoliconSlayer/Yogstation](https://github.com/LoliconSlayer/Yogstation)@[936f5f79cf...](https://github.com/LoliconSlayer/Yogstation/commit/936f5f79cf53c551eec7fc6ae7ab1855a3b5f01d)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 21:14:41 by LoliconSlayer

LEARN TO FUCKING SPELL

JESUS CHRIST HIPPIE IT'S NOT THAT FUCKING HARD, YOU TOO FLUFFE AT LEAST SPELL CHECK SHIT WHEN YOU PORT IT

---
## [happycrappie/cancel-evaldo](https://github.com/happycrappie/cancel-evaldo)@[271da47277...](https://github.com/happycrappie/cancel-evaldo/commit/271da47277fbf5eb0f4ba32fa36b69d5840aa608)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 23:22:05 by eryc

:fu: Add the do what the fuck you want public license

Nobody cares this commit summary is longer than 50 characters.

---
## [pablodiazt/ePortfolio-Pablo](https://github.com/pablodiazt/ePortfolio-Pablo)@[6e43c78521...](https://github.com/pablodiazt/ePortfolio-Pablo/commit/6e43c785213e7c43999932d692ff2678ea3b9753)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 23:23:11 by Pablo Diaz

after 3 hours of frustrating trouble shooting, removing a damn / key fixed the problem. locally there is no need to have a / in the file path and it works either ../ or / or nothing. but remotely at deploying face, file path can't have a /. frustrating issue fixed..

---
## [katubug/RusticWanderings](https://github.com/katubug/RusticWanderings)@[efb304c365...](https://github.com/katubug/RusticWanderings/commit/efb304c3650e1df4d5705db791c8d78f28ad7dfc)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-15 23:38:32 by Katu

1.2.1

1.2.1

- Removed LagMeter as it was preventing multiplayer servers from shutting down.
- Removed Kottle because it was unneeded.
- Removed Magical Forest due to overspawning and no config.
- Removed Vending Machine
+ BadMobs 5.0.2
+ Bag of Yurting 1.0.0.1
+ Building Gadgets
+ More MobGriefingOptions 1.0.0
~ Better Mineshafts from 1.0.2 to 1.1
~ Biomes You'll Go from 1.0.7 to 1.0.9
~ CraftTweaker from 6.0.0.31 to 6.0.0.34
~ Crash Utilities from 2.6 to 2.7
~ Double Slabs from 2.7.7 to 2.8.2
~ FastWorkbench from 3.1.0 to 3.1.1
~ InventoryHUD from 3.0 to 3.0.1
~ JEITweaker from 1.0.1 to 1.0.1.3
~ Productive Bees from 0.1.13 to 0.1.14
~ Rings of Ascension from 1.5.2 to 1.5.3
~ Sakura Rosea from 1.4 to 1.4.1
~ SilentLib 4.6.5+58 to 4.6.5+59
~ The Bumblezone from 1.3.6 to 1.3.8

Configs:

* Removed Autumnity Snails from spawning in removed biomes.
* Disabled the spawning of Witherlings with Bad Mobs.
* Creepers have been prevented from griefing. This can be altered in the MobGriefingOptions mod config.
* Quark's Mega Caves and Crevices have been disabled.

The following changes were meant to ship out last time, but didn't:
* Enhanced Vanilla's Salt can now be converted 1:1 with HarvestCraft's.
* The recipe for Farming for Blockheads' Feeder Trough has been altered, and it now requires Quark's.

---

# [<](2020-07-14.md) 2020-07-15 [>](2020-07-16.md)

