# [<](2020-04-03.md) 2020-04-04 [>](2020-04-05.md)

2,236,955 events, 998,603 push events, 1,477,341 commit messages, 103,661,115 characters


## [noah-glassford/Child_Of_Time](https://github.com/noah-glassford/Child_Of_Time)@[f4d143cff9...](https://github.com/noah-glassford/Child_Of_Time/commit/f4d143cff984c6dc254f5fc46babf687fe6a6b4f)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 02:20:32 by Clark

fuck you play test this please. FIRE!

please i am sorry for swearing but this would really help :)

---
## [Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure](https://github.com/Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure)@[7e252d3b3e...](https://github.com/Dorthu/2019-christmas-adventure/commit/7e252d3b3ee98bcd8c191eefb97316356226ef02)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 04:22:37 by dorthu

+ The Final Stretch

I'm super excited to say that with tonight's update, Sara and I both got
something _huge_ finished!  We're on the last stretch of this project
before we can call it "done!"

Sara finished the living room - a massive effort on her part - and it's
been imported into the engine.  It looks _awesome_.  That's also the
last room done, and the remaining graphics required for this are very
small.

An interesting fact here is that in addition to the entirety of the
background, Sara also did her first normal maps (for the fire in the
fireplace).  They look really good, and the dynamic fire and shadows
really bring the room to life!

Less immediately noticiable is what I did - I've finished mobile
support!  Check the game out on itch on your phone - it works pretty
much completely!

Mobile support was a pain, mostly because the feedback loop had a lot of
steps - export the game to a folder I'm serving on my LAN, load that
page on my phone, wait for the game to load, see what worked.  Testing
it on the PC wasn't really cutting it, as it didn't represent the
reality of a phone screen (and there was no touch support).  Some of the
functions I was depending on were pretty poorly documented, too -
nowhere in the docs does is say that `warp_mouse` can't move the mouse
in HTML5 games, for instance (although I understand why it can't).

So, what's left?

Well.. not a lot, to be honest.  We've got to proof all the dialog in
the game, we've got to discuss and add cutscenes for the beginning and
the ending, and most importantly (and most difficultly) we've got to
name it.  There are a few odds and ends besides, but nothing major.

I feel really good about this project.  I can't wait for it to be
complete.

---
## [k21971/EvilHack](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack)@[113aae435b...](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack/commit/113aae435bc8823acc978097f99a19aaf9f3b2b1)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 04:52:28 by k21971

New branch: The Ice Queen's Realm.

EvilHack's first ever new branch - The Ice Queen's Realm. The story -
the player finds a magic portal that transports them to a faraway land
that is trapped in an eternal winter. This land is filled with deadly
creatures never seen before. The player must find their way through this
land and find the source of this affliction upon the land, and destroy
it if at all possible.

Last year I promised my daughter (aged seven at the time) that I would
add her and our dogs to EvilHack. She loves the movie 'Frozen' likes to
pretend she has Elsa's ice magic. So that's how I worked her into this
branch - Kathryn the Ice Queen is the boss monster at the end of this
branch that the player must defeat in order to complete this quest. Our
german shepherd dogs (Koa and Ozzy) are her guardians. The player
doesn't actually kill the Ice Queen so much as defeats her, but that
isn't exactly the very end of the quest. Details:

* New monsters (snow golem, saber-toothed tiger, revenant, ice nymph,
frost salamander) along with a small handful of unique monsters
* The new monsters made for this branch will only ever spawn in this
branch and nowhere else. Only other way you would come across them is if
another monster polymorphed into one of these
* The Ice Queen's Realm is so cold, if the player does not have 100%
cold resistance, they will take a small amount of cold damage each time
they move (the player's amount of cold resistance determines the amount
of damage inflicted)
* New terrain object: dead trees (from UnNetHack, modified)
* The Ice Queen's spells have been geared towards cold-based attacks (in
doing this, fixed some minor bugs with monster spellcasting and other
types of monsters)
* The portal to the Ice Queen's Realm will spawn on the level right
before Medusa's level
* A new type of 'novel' was created that the player can find right as
they enter the branch - a journal left behind by another adventurer, the
player can gain insights and clues as to what they can expect if they
read it, and it can help them find their way to the Ice Queen
* The prize - a caged pegasus that the Ice Queen has captured. A unique
animal that will only ever be found here. Can be tamed and ridden if
freed.

This branch is purely optional. The player can skip this entirely if
they so choose, and will not have any effect on the outcome of the rest
of the game. This side branch is challenging, and the player should come
well-prepared if they wish to try it.

Along with this commit - entering Gehennom, if the player does not have
full 100% fire resistance, they will take a small amount of fire damage
just as they would take cold damage in the Ice Queen's Realm.

I'm sure this new branch will have issues to address and things to
tweak. I hope it's an enjoyable side quest for anyone attempting it.

---
## [WJXXBSH/android_kernel_xiaomi_libra](https://github.com/WJXXBSH/android_kernel_xiaomi_libra)@[74dfea4bfe...](https://github.com/WJXXBSH/android_kernel_xiaomi_libra/commit/74dfea4bfe1bd6747344e380b4eb97f1f914dbb4)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 04:57:40 by Paul E. McKenney

fs/sync: Make sync() satisfy many requests with one invocation

Dave Jones reported RCU stalls, overly long hrtimer interrupts, and
amazingly long NMI handlers from a trinity-induced workload involving
lots of concurrent sync() calls (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/23/369).
There are any number of things that one might do to make sync() behave
better under high levels of contention, but it is also the case that
multiple concurrent sync() system calls can be satisfied by a single
sys_sync() invocation.

Given that this situation is reminiscent of rcu_barrier(), this commit
applies the rcu_barrier() approach to sys_sync().  This approach uses
a global mutex and a sequence counter.  The mutex is held across the
sync() operation, which eliminates contention between concurrent sync()
operations.  The counter is incremented at the beginning and end of
each sync() operation, so that it is odd while a sync() operation is in
progress and even otherwise, just like sequence locks.

The code that used to be in sys_sync() is now in do_sync(), and sys_sync()
now handles the concurrency.  The sys_sync() function first takes a
snapshot of the counter, then acquires the mutex, and then takes another
snapshot of the counter.  If the values of the two snapshots indicate that
a full do_sync() executed during the mutex acquisition, the sys_sync()
function releases the mutex and returns ("Our work is done!").  Otherwise,
sys_sync() increments the counter, invokes do_sync(), and increments
the counter again.

This approach allows a single call to do_sync() to satisfy an arbitrarily
large number of sync() system calls, which should eliminate issues due
to large numbers of concurrent invocations of the sync() system call.

Changes since v1 (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/24/683):

o	Add a pair of memory barriers to keep the increments from
	bleeding into the do_sync() code.  (The failure probability
	is insanely low, but when you have several hundred million
	devices running Linux, you can expect several hundred instances
	of one-in-a-million failures.)

o	Actually CC some people who have experience in this area.

Reported-by: Dave Jones <davej@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Alexander Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Cc: Jan Kara <jack@suse.cz>
Cc: Curt Wohlgemuth <curtw@google.com>
Cc: Jens Axboe <jaxboe@fusionio.com>
Cc: linux-fsdevel@vger.kernel.org

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

---
## [kikotheexile/Endless-Sky-Civil-War](https://github.com/kikotheexile/Endless-Sky-Civil-War)@[f01b138828...](https://github.com/kikotheexile/Endless-Sky-Civil-War/commit/f01b138828d0874fbc9e92e7300ec6bfe18e3be0)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 06:31:59 by kikotheexile

Fixed Persons for ESS

In ESS Persons should, largely, be capturable, with the exception of MZ's ship which should be considered a boss fight. So balanced them towards being OP, but not game breakingly so. 

1: Changed Pester to using a Human ship, now with even more meme potential
2: Fixed MMK so it no longer uses human technology but is still just about as OP
3: Nerfed Tehh's PotP 'murrica meme ship from its "oh my fucking god" status by ensuring its opener is now *not a nuke,* brought its t3.5 superpower status down so that it poses a respectable challenge rather than a punishment for playing the game, removed the stupid amount of damage its final explode did because *why would you punish players for killing this ship in the first place.* It still fights like a troll ship, but now it at least isn't a developer intended malicious troll ship.

---
## [karbytes/KARBYTES_FOR_LIFE_part_2](https://github.com/karbytes/KARBYTES_FOR_LIFE_part_2)@[ad0d8c5535...](https://github.com/karbytes/KARBYTES_FOR_LIFE_part_2/commit/ad0d8c5535f99966569e22a948bbc56eca42ce2d)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 07:14:12 by Karbon_Qubit | "Karlina Ray Beringer

Create SUFFERING_ALONE.txt

Bystanders ignore controversial subject matter in order to avoid punishment (and that is what I think most people default to). Therefore, I have little incentive to befriend anyone but activists who stand up for the same causes I do. I am not interested in poser activists. I can smell them out wnd they fucking reek. I hate them.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4733600fa3...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/4733600fa32a5968f84f215c91cb9d80f7d375b3)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 10:05:46 by Marko Grdinić

"10am. I am up.

10:30am. Doing a little reply on Reddit. I had wanted to start studying ReactiveUI right away, but whatever.

10:35am. Ah, damn it, I am way too groggy. Let me just take a look at the ReactiveUI book samples.

```
        // Here's the interesting part: In ReactiveUI, we can take IObservables
        // and "pipe" them to a Property - whenever the Observable yields a new
        // value, we will notify ReactiveObject that the property has changed.
        //
        // To do this, we have a class called ObservableAsPropertyHelper - this
        // class subscribes to an Observable and stores a copy of the latest value.
        // It also runs an action whenever the property changes, usually calling
        // ReactiveObject's RaisePropertyChanged.
        private readonly ObservableAsPropertyHelper<IEnumerable<NugetDetailsViewModel>> _searchResults;
```

I need to know how this is done.

11:05am. Ok, I think I am finally over my grogginess. If only I could stop looking at the OPM thread enough to focus on the code that would be great. Leave it to Psychos and Tats to make their battle so erotic.

Focus me, focus.

11:10am.

```
OpenPage = ReactiveCommand.Create(() => { Process.Start(ProjectUrl.ToString()); });
```

You can start a process with a URL just like this?

Oh, there is `Elmish.WPF`. Interesting.

What I am looking at right now is the first WPF example for ReactiveUI. It is just the thing I saw in the intro for ReactiveUI a week or two ago. Right now I can indeed understand more of it. I guess reading those Rx books was not a waste of time.

11:50am. Since I am already taking a break, let me segue it into breakfast.

I am thinking what I want to do.

1) What I want to do as an exercise is translate that simple ReactiveUI example into F#. That is the first thing. I'll see whether I can pick up FsXaml along the way too.

Basically, if I took the C# code as being exemplary of ReactiveUI I'd steer clear of it, but I know F# should make it more readable.

2) I want to figure out that `BurstFilter` example and do it by hand. In order to test it, I am going to have to figure out how testing reactive code works. I left that thing for later, but in this case the later will be quite soon.

3) Since Elmish has WPF support, I am going to look into it. I remember writing once that F# should have its own Elm library and now it finally does have it. It also has a free book on it. This is definitely something of interest to me. I want to study ReactiveUI because it is the next step from reactive extensions to UIs and I want to see how far FRP can go, but if I were actually doing UIs I'd probably use Elmish. Or maybe Avalonia + RUI since it is more recent than WPF.

12pm. I'll take it one at a time. For today, I will just take my time rewriting the example and getting familiar with RUI. It is great. It is finally time to do some real programming."

---
## [GerHobbelt/markdown-it](https://github.com/GerHobbelt/markdown-it)@[bea22ddfe1...](https://github.com/GerHobbelt/markdown-it/commit/bea22ddfe116c3f970358ae91943e3037b2dbef7)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 11:11:06 by Sean Lang

allow tables with tbody rows longer than thead

The way that GitHub.com does this (truncating all rows that are longer
than the thead row) is stupid. It hides content that could be important
to readers, without so much as a parser error. And that can be a pain
when you're not carefully checking what your markdown looks like after
compilation. For example, an extra cell jutting out of an otherwise
rectangular table, or a missing header is an easy error to spot, while a
column missing still leaves the table looking correct and orderly.

Even if you are looking at the output in a graphical/rendered form while
you're editing, it's annoying to start a table cell in a new column and
not be able to see what you are typing until you add a header for that
column.

---
## [OGHyperion/hyperion_kernel_sdm660](https://github.com/OGHyperion/hyperion_kernel_sdm660)@[a88108e90c...](https://github.com/OGHyperion/hyperion_kernel_sdm660/commit/a88108e90ca0c1d5f1631df4951459b6def12f75)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 12:08:41 by Douglas Anderson

serial: core: Allow processing sysrq at port unlock time

[ Upstream commit d6e1935819db0c91ce4a5af82466f3ab50d17346 ]

Right now serial drivers process sysrq keys deep in their character
receiving code.  This means that they've already grabbed their
port->lock spinlock.  This can end up getting in the way if we've go
to do serial stuff (especially kgdb) in response to the sysrq.

Serial drivers have various hacks in them to handle this.  Looking at
'8250_port.c' you can see that the console_write() skips locking if
we're in the sysrq handler.  Looking at 'msm_serial.c' you can see
that the port lock is dropped around uart_handle_sysrq_char().

It turns out that these hacks aren't exactly perfect.  If you have
lockdep turned on and use something like the 8250_port hack you'll get
a splat that looks like:

  WARNING: possible circular locking dependency detected
  [...] is trying to acquire lock:
  ... (console_owner){-.-.}, at: console_unlock+0x2e0/0x5e4

  but task is already holding lock:
  ... (&port_lock_key){-.-.}, at: serial8250_handle_irq+0x30/0xe4

  which lock already depends on the new lock.

  the existing dependency chain (in reverse order) is:

  -> #1 (&port_lock_key){-.-.}:
         _raw_spin_lock_irqsave+0x58/0x70
         serial8250_console_write+0xa8/0x250
         univ8250_console_write+0x40/0x4c
         console_unlock+0x528/0x5e4
         register_console+0x2c4/0x3b0
         uart_add_one_port+0x350/0x478
         serial8250_register_8250_port+0x350/0x3a8
         dw8250_probe+0x67c/0x754
         platform_drv_probe+0x58/0xa4
         really_probe+0x150/0x294
         driver_probe_device+0xac/0xe8
         __driver_attach+0x98/0xd0
         bus_for_each_dev+0x84/0xc8
         driver_attach+0x2c/0x34
         bus_add_driver+0xf0/0x1ec
         driver_register+0xb4/0x100
         __platform_driver_register+0x60/0x6c
         dw8250_platform_driver_init+0x20/0x28
	 ...

  -> #0 (console_owner){-.-.}:
         lock_acquire+0x1e8/0x214
         console_unlock+0x35c/0x5e4
         vprintk_emit+0x230/0x274
         vprintk_default+0x7c/0x84
         vprintk_func+0x190/0x1bc
         printk+0x80/0xa0
         __handle_sysrq+0x104/0x21c
         handle_sysrq+0x30/0x3c
         serial8250_read_char+0x15c/0x18c
         serial8250_rx_chars+0x34/0x74
         serial8250_handle_irq+0x9c/0xe4
         dw8250_handle_irq+0x98/0xcc
         serial8250_interrupt+0x50/0xe8
         ...

  other info that might help us debug this:

   Possible unsafe locking scenario:

         CPU0                    CPU1
         ----                    ----
    lock(&port_lock_key);
                                 lock(console_owner);
                                 lock(&port_lock_key);
    lock(console_owner);

   *** DEADLOCK ***

The hack used in 'msm_serial.c' doesn't cause the above splats but it
seems a bit ugly to unlock / lock our spinlock deep in our irq
handler.

It seems like we could defer processing the sysrq until the end of the
interrupt handler right after we've unlocked the port.  With this
scheme if a whole batch of sysrq characters comes in one irq then we
won't handle them all, but that seems like it should be a fine
compromise.

Signed-off-by: Douglas Anderson <dianders@chromium.org>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[666c4ed2c7...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/666c4ed2c77e2c737e836175cb2e6b9e426af0ac)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 17:31:56 by Daniel Nunes

Add fomod installer support

 # This is the commit message #2:

 FFF FOMOD de-wx & wx4 fixups

 # This is the commit message #3:

 FFF Mopy/bash/basher/gui_fomod.py gui.Picture (untested!)

 # This is the commit message #4:

 Add string prefixes to fomod

Also wrapped all lines to be below 80 chars, cleaned up newlines and
reformatted docstrings to match the rest of WB.

Option types are not validated - contradicting group and
option types should be undefined behaviour.
However, to simplify, option type always wins the conflict
and we deliver a warning if needed.

As an example, in a SelectAll group a NotUsable option
would not be selected.

Remove fomod metadata handling

Rework fomod installer backend

Changed:
  - User's choices are now "saved" when going to previous pages
  - Folders to install are now properly merged based on priority
  - Omitted destination attributes in file/folder tags are now
    properly handled.

TODO:
  - Update tests in test_bash repo
  - Add some inline documentation

This must go into the final commit message:

Ignored tags:
  - moduleImage
  - fommDependency

Ignored attributes:
  - position, colour - [moduleName]
  - alwaysInstall, installIfUsable - [file, folder]

Note:

Rework exe-based game detection logic FFF fomods

@@ -64,3 +64,3 @@ def __init__(self, parent_window, installer, page_size, pos):
         data_path = bass.dirs["mods"]
-        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.exe).s)
+        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.launch_exe).s)
         game_ver = u".".join([unicode(i) for i in ver])

Some wx cleanup in gui fomods

Cache images it does speedup loading them

(although that's probably due to my using balt.Image)

FFF couple typos

FileInfo(object): -> _FomodFileInfo(object): FFF WIP

Infernio: Updated for 'Rework game version calculation'

SSS Improve FOMOD installer link name

Should be FOMOD or FOMod, not Fomod. Also added three dots, since that
link opens an interactive dialog.

SSS to be squashed into the final FOMOD commit

_text = _(u'FOMOD Installer...') class variable SSS

No need to override __init__

Remove some leftover debug prints

Replace PageInfo with OrderedDict

Std lib is better. Port of GandaG/pyfomod@547494309

Add some docs to the fomod backend

Update for recent merges

FFF A bunch of FOMOD hacks

I hadn't actually realised just *how* broken the wizard/FOMOD
interaction is up until I just now got a really cryptic error message
from a wizard. Just some examples:
 - SelectSubPackage didn't work properly when the package had an fomod,
   because fomods do not populate Installer.espmMap, which wizards use
   to detect what subpackages and plugins are available.
 - The same goes for SelectPlugin, all deselect variants, SelectAll,
   etc. Probably for loops with SubPackages as well.
 - I screwed up my earlier fix. While it no longer crashed, it made
   wizards (with or without FOMODs) unable to select the last
   subpackage. But see above, wizards with FOMODs had a hard time with
   that anyways ;)
 - The result of applying a wizard and an FOMOD is well-defined (the
   FOMOD always wins because it short-circuits refreshDataSizeCrc), but
   it looked really confusing in the GUI. Still possible to create
   manually by checking both the fomod subpackage and other subpackages,
   but wizards and FOMODs will now uncheck the other so WB at least no
   longer produces this weird state.

Threw in some tiny refactorings in belt (yay, two bolt.cmp_'s gone!)

SSS Rework FOMOD GUI

Depends on 190-de-wx-pt1, rewrites most of the GUI to use the wrappers
instead. Drops a whole bunch of wx usages, which is nice. RadioButton
needs wrapping, see all the ugly hacks at the bottom of gui_fomod. Also,
the design that uses __dict__ of wx objects to store group objects has
to go, it's fundamentally hacky and very fragile - e.g. imagine if the
wx guys decided to add __slots__ to their objects.

Also contains a bunch of fixes and misc improvements, e.g. user-facing
strings have been made translatable, some bugs that were carried over
from belt have been fixed, and the 'Back' button no longer works on the
first page.

Note the glaring TODOs - this is a straight up port of the original GUI,
but we currently don't have a way to change fonts, which the original
GUI relied on to differentiate its components. I added some
HBoxedLayouts as an alternative, which works fine for the main FOMOD
dialog and may even be an improvement in terms of visual clarity, but
doesn't help at all with the results screen, which is now an unreadable
mess.

Infernio: Updated for wrapped WizardDialog, gave fomods their own stored
size, updated for default_* -> item_*.

Utumno: fomod_gui: comments to docstrings

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

FFF fix FOMOD fileDependency evaluation

Wasn't taking ghosts into account and, more importantly, was passing
strings to the LO API, which expects paths. As a result, every file was
either missing or inactive.

Also went ahead and swapped all usages of bolt.Path for bolt.GPath.

FFF fix FOMOD PNGs

I could swear I commited this to nightly long ago, along with the main
pngcrush work, but it seems to have gotten lost somewhere along the way.
So here's a better version, that refactors the two nearly identical
methods.

---
## [yellingviv/practice_makes_perfect](https://github.com/yellingviv/practice_makes_perfect)@[78af9be543...](https://github.com/yellingviv/practice_makes_perfect/commit/78af9be543578cc6583406be023f893524c57ea3)
#### Saturday 2020-04-04 19:19:13 by vivienne

oh my god this iode is so ugly is this how catholics feel when they need to go to confession

---

# [<](2020-04-03.md) 2020-04-04 [>](2020-04-05.md)

