# [<](2020-09-22.md) 2020-09-23 [>](2020-09-24.md)

180,600 events, 95,317 push events, 144,397 commit messages, 11,510,825 characters


## [jakuta-tech/proxychains-ng](https://github.com/jakuta-tech/proxychains-ng)@[7fe8139496...](https://github.com/jakuta-tech/proxychains-ng/commit/7fe813949644b115b0127279517dc7c0ee2d63b9)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-23 22:30:57 by rofl0r

experimental new feature: proxy_dns_daemon

since many users complain about issues with modern, ultracomplex
clusterfuck software such as chromium, nodejs, etc, i've reconsidered
one of my original ideas how to implement remote dns lookup support.
instead of having a background thread serving requests via a pipe,
the user manually starts a background daemon process before running
proxychains, and the two processes then communicate via UDP.
this requires much less hacks (like hooking of close() to prevent
pipes from getting closed) and doesn't need to call any async-signal
unsafe code like malloc(). this means it should be much more compatible
than the previous method, however it's not as practical and slightly
slower.

it's recommended that the proxychains4-daemon runs on localhost, and
if you use proxychains-ng a lot you might want to set ip up as a service
that starts on boot. a single proxychains4-daemon should theoretically
be able to serve many parallel proxychains4 instances, but this has not
yet been tested so far. it's also possible to run the daemon on other
computers, even over internet, but currently there is no error-checking/
timeout code at all; that means the UDP connection needs to be very
stable.

the library code used for the daemon sources are from my projects
libulz[0] and htab[1], and the server code is loosely based on
microsocks[2]. their licenses are all compatible with the GPL.
if not otherwise mentioned, they're released for this purpose under
the standard proxychains-ng license (see COPYING).

[0]: https://github.com/rofl0r/libulz
[1]: https://github.com/rofl0r/htab
[2]: https://github.com/rofl0r/microsocks

---
## [LittleRedWagon69/inventory](https://github.com/LittleRedWagon69/inventory)@[2b0fd83971...](https://github.com/LittleRedWagon69/inventory/commit/2b0fd839715c461c2938c9d35d25ce0564bb467e)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-23 23:12:48 by LittleRedWagon69

Add files via upload

initial base with signup/login system.
The goal here is to setup a complete, yet secure, inventory control system that can be quickly tailor made to fit any business.
Software is all glitter and flash these days; too much bs. 
This program will allow the user to quickly setup and customize a complete inventory control system within just a few hours/days.
And, being a singular batch program this system is lightweight and causes NO lag time as with many modern software.

Remember boyz n girlz; around here we stick to K(keep)I(it)S(simple)S(stupid)
so that our software runs like it should with nothing bogging down efficiency.

---

# [<](2020-09-22.md) 2020-09-23 [>](2020-09-24.md)

