# [<](2020-12-26.md) 2020-12-27 [>](2020-12-28.md)

134,224 events, 78,563 push events, 113,725 commit messages, 7,201,445 characters


## [nysascape/kernel_google_msm-4.9](https://github.com/nysascape/kernel_google_msm-4.9)@[17e420a806...](https://github.com/nysascape/kernel_google_msm-4.9/commit/17e420a80684f79f0643a8950018bd276441284d)
#### Sunday 2020-12-27 22:17:52 by Michal Hocko

mm, oom: fix potential data corruption when oom_reaper races with writer

Wenwei Tao has noticed that our current assumption that the oom victim
is dying and never doing any visible changes after it dies, and so the
oom_reaper can tear it down, is not entirely true.

__task_will_free_mem consider a task dying when SIGNAL_GROUP_EXIT is set
but do_group_exit sends SIGKILL to all threads _after_ the flag is set.
So there is a race window when some threads won't have
fatal_signal_pending while the oom_reaper could start unmapping the
address space.  Moreover some paths might not check for fatal signals
before each PF/g-u-p/copy_from_user.

We already have a protection for oom_reaper vs.  PF races by checking
MMF_UNSTABLE.  This has been, however, checked only for kernel threads
(use_mm users) which can outlive the oom victim.  A simple fix would be
to extend the current check in handle_mm_fault for all tasks but that
wouldn't be sufficient because the current check assumes that a kernel
thread would bail out after EFAULT from get_user*/copy_from_user and
never re-read the same address which would succeed because the PF path
has established page tables already.  This seems to be the case for the
only existing use_mm user currently (virtio driver) but it is rather
fragile in general.

This is even more fragile in general for more complex paths such as
generic_perform_write which can re-read the same address more times
(e.g.  iov_iter_copy_from_user_atomic to fail and then
iov_iter_fault_in_readable on retry).

Therefore we have to implement MMF_UNSTABLE protection in a robust way
and never make a potentially corrupted content visible.  That requires
to hook deeper into the PF path and check for the flag _every time_
before a pte for anonymous memory is established (that means all
!VM_SHARED mappings).

The corruption can be triggered artificially
(http://lkml.kernel.org/r/201708040646.v746kkhC024636@www262.sakura.ne.jp)
but there doesn't seem to be any real life bug report.  The race window
should be quite tight to trigger most of the time.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20170807113839.16695-3-mhocko@kernel.org
Fixes: aac453635549 ("mm, oom: introduce oom reaper")
Signed-off-by: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Reported-by: Wenwei Tao <wenwei.tww@alibaba-inc.com>
Tested-by: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@I-love.SAKURA.ne.jp>
Cc: "Kirill A. Shutemov" <kirill@shutemov.name>
Cc: Andrea Argangeli <andrea@kernel.org>
Cc: David Rientjes <rientjes@google.com>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Tetsuo Handa <penguin-kernel@i-love.sakura.ne.jp>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Change-Id: If078bebd6c9d217f3e11db2ae4ecb5ac49beabfb

---
## [jbosi/Beer-front](https://github.com/jbosi/Beer-front)@[6f164766ea...](https://github.com/jbosi/Beer-front/commit/6f164766ea4105cc5f765b29b336a49537a2a85c)
#### Sunday 2020-12-27 23:32:37 by alarichadef

fix some stuff I think but do not remember what I did sorry mate and sorry for the shitty commit name xoxo (#41)

---
## [CAD97/rust](https://github.com/CAD97/rust)@[69e68cf550...](https://github.com/CAD97/rust/commit/69e68cf550fb7ba6137b167c17d0fcbe7ea06ce2)
#### Sunday 2020-12-27 23:37:30 by bors

Auto merge of #75728 - nagisa:improve_align_offset_2, r=Mark-Simulacrum

Optimise align_offset for stride=1 further

`stride == 1` case can be computed more efficiently through `-p (mod
a)`. That, then translates to a nice and short sequence of LLVM
instructions:

    %address = ptrtoint i8* %p to i64
    %negptr = sub i64 0, %address
    %offset = and i64 %negptr, %a_minus_one

And produces pretty much ideal code-gen when this function is used in
isolation.

Typical use of this function will, however, involve use of
the result to offset a pointer, i.e.

    %aligned = getelementptr inbounds i8, i8* %p, i64 %offset

This still looks very good, but LLVM does not really translate that to
what would be considered ideal machine code (on any target). For example
that's the codegen we obtain for an unknown alignment:

    ; x86_64
    dec     rsi
    mov     rax, rdi
    neg     rax
    and     rax, rsi
    add     rax, rdi

In particular negating a pointer is not something that’s going to be
optimised for in the design of CISC architectures like x86_64. They
are much better at offsetting pointers. And so we’d love to utilize this
ability and produce code that's more like this:

    ; x86_64
    lea     rax, [rsi + rdi - 1]
    neg     rsi
    and     rax, rsi

To achieve this we need to give LLVM an opportunity to apply its
various peep-hole optimisations that it does during DAG selection. In
particular, the `and` instruction appears to be a major inhibitor here.
We cannot, sadly, get rid of this load-bearing operation, but we can
reorder operations such that LLVM has more to work with around this
instruction.

One such ordering is proposed in #75579 and results in LLVM IR that
looks broadly like this:

    ; using add enables `lea` and similar CISCisms
    %offset_ptr = add i64 %address, %a_minus_one
    %mask = sub i64 0, %a
    %masked = and i64 %offset_ptr, %mask
    ; can be folded with `gepi` that may follow
    %offset = sub i64 %masked, %address

…and generates the intended x86_64 machine code.
One might also wonder how the increased amount of code would impact a
RISC target. Turns out not much:

    ; aarch64 previous                 ; aarch64 new
    sub     x8, x1, #1                 add     x8, x1, x0
    neg     x9, x0                     sub     x8, x8, #1
    and     x8, x9, x8                 neg     x9, x1
    add     x0, x0, x8                 and     x0, x8, x9

    (and similarly for ppc, sparc, mips, riscv, etc)

The only target that seems to do worse is… wasm32.

Onto actual measurements – the best way to evaluate snipets like these
is to use llvm-mca. Much like Aarch64 assembly would allow to suspect,
there isn’t any performance difference to be found. Both snippets
execute in same number of cycles for the CPUs I tried. On x86_64,
we get throughput improvement of >50%!

Fixes #75579

---

# [<](2020-12-26.md) 2020-12-27 [>](2020-12-28.md)

