# [<](2020-04-06.md) 2020-04-07 [>](2020-04-08.md)

2,599,925 events, 1,299,850 push events, 2,097,775 commit messages, 158,080,425 characters


## [facebook/fbshipit](https://github.com/facebook/fbshipit)@[49cf754441...](https://github.com/facebook/fbshipit/commit/49cf75444194e1485f76a193080ba5279dece3e1)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 00:25:53 by Jon Janzen

Expand on the provided example code (#91)

Summary:
While I was working on another PR I thought it would be a good idea to have a local FBShipIt testbench that I could use to make sure I'm not breaking anything.

That turned out to be way harder than I anticipated. The provided code in the Example section of the README was a little out of date in some parts and very out of date in others. I spent several hours nuking my destination repo, stepping through things in the debugger, and reading ShipIt internals.

The thing that killed me is that in theory I know a little about how ShipIt works. I can't imagine the experience for a newcomer to the project.

So to save others my experience I updated the example code and documented how it works (see demo/README.md). I also specifically didn't add the `-example` filename suffix as I think it's a good idea to typecheck it to know when the example code we're providing breaks externally. (Sorry Yunus I know how you hate when the TravisCI builds break)

I imagine this will necessitate changing ShipIt's internal `getPathMappings` but that's not included in `fb-examples`, I wonder who's fault that is :P

I'd also like to consider adding some simple test invocation to the .travis.sh script like `demo/run_shipit.php --skip-destination-pull --skip-destination-init --skip-push` or something but one thing at a time.
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/facebook/fbshipit/pull/91

Reviewed By: zpao

Differential Revision: D20680990

Pulled By: yns88

fbshipit-source-id: 179902bb04b5296d2d82b1a6dc2b877f083cb297

---
## [awesomecuber/the-great-dalmuti](https://github.com/awesomecuber/the-great-dalmuti)@[45abd20d60...](https://github.com/awesomecuber/the-great-dalmuti/commit/45abd20d60ab9c622b045fe6d81e339bed1166eb)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 00:37:51 by nbrass

taxing kinda works, i need to redo how variable updating is done holy shit

---
## [ReddTheDragon/Yogstation-TG](https://github.com/ReddTheDragon/Yogstation-TG)@[5d341cb46b...](https://github.com/ReddTheDragon/Yogstation-TG/commit/5d341cb46b42adba01ad9973ecf6f0724c5fd4bc)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 00:40:43 by Redd

I hate my life borgs now get experimental tools which require an insane amount of materials to craft the upgrade chip

what can I say except you're welcome

---
## [petabyteboy/nixpkgs](https://github.com/petabyteboy/nixpkgs)@[d88a7735d2...](https://github.com/petabyteboy/nixpkgs/commit/d88a7735d29cf7aeab1753ba4c2efb4654201620)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 02:20:59 by adisbladis

Python: introduce NIX_PYTHONPREFIX in order to set site.PREFIXES

This is needed in case of `python.buildEnv` to make sure site.PREFIXES
does not only point to the unwrapped executable prefix.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This PR is a story where your valiant hero sets out on a very simple adventure but ends up having to slay dragons, starts questioning his own sanity and finally manages to gain enough knowledge to slay the evil dragon and finally win the proverbial price.

It all started out on sunny spring day with trying to tackle the Nixops plugin infrastructure and make that nice enough to work with.

Our story begins in the shanty town of [NixOps-AWS](https://github.com/nixos/nixops-aws) where [mypy](http://mypy-lang.org/) type checking has not yet been seen.

As our deuteragonist (@grahamc) has made great strides in the capital city of [NixOps](https://github.com/nixos/nixops) our hero wanted to bring this out into the land and let the people rejoice in reliability and a wonderful development experience.

The plugin work itself was straight forward and our hero quickly slayed the first small dragon, at this point things felt good and our hero thought he was going to reach the town of NixOps-AWS very quickly.

But alas! Mypy did not want to go, it said:
`Cannot find implementation or library stub for module named 'nixops'`

Our hero felt a small sliver of life escape from his body. Things were not going to be so easy.

After some frustration our hero discovered there was a [rule of the land of Python](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0561/) that governed the import of types into the kingdom, more specificaly a very special document (file) called `py.typed`.
Things were looking good.

But no, what the law said did not seem to match reality. How could things be so?

After some frustrating debugging our valiant hero thought to himself "Hmm, I wonder if this is simply a Nix idiosyncrasy", and it turns out indeed it was.
Things that were working in the blessed way of the land of Python (inside a `virtualenv`) were not working the way they were from his home town of Nix (`nix-shell` + `python.withPackages`).

After even more frustrating attempts at reading the mypy documentation and trying to understand how things were supposed to work our hero started questioning his sanity.
This is where things started to get truly interesting.

Our hero started to use a number of powerful weapons, both forged in the land of Python (pdb) & by the mages of UNIX (printf-style-debugging & strace).

After first trying to slay the dragon simply by `strace` and a keen eye our hero did not spot any weak points.
Time to break out a more powerful sword (`pdb`) which also did not divulge any secrets about what was wrong.

Our hero went back to the `strace` output and after a fair bit of thought and analysis a pattern started to emerge. Mypy was looking in the wrong place (i.e. not in in the environment created by `python.withPackages` but in the interpreter store path) and our princess was in another castle!

Our hero went to the pub full of old grumpy men giving out the inner workings of the open source universe (Github) and acquired a copy of Mypy.
He littered the code with print statements & break points.
After a fierce battle full of blood, sweat & tears he ended up in https://github.com/python/mypy/blob/20f7f2dd71c21bde4d3d99f9ab69bf6670c7fa03/mypy/sitepkgs.py and realised that everything came down to the Python `site` module and more specifically https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/site.html#site.getsitepackages which in turn relies on https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/site.html#site.PREFIXES .

Our hero created a copy of the environment created by `python.withPackages` and manually modified it to confirm his findings, and it turned out it was indeed the case.
Our hero had damaged the dragon and it was time for a celebration.

He went out and acquired some mead which he ingested while he typed up his story and waited for the dragon to finally die (the commit caused a mass-rebuild, I had to wait for my repro).

In the end all was good in [NixOps-AWS](https://github.com/nixos/nixops-aws)-town and type checks could run. (PR for that incoming tomorrow).

---
## [cjhayne/Projects](https://github.com/cjhayne/Projects)@[aa38478efb...](https://github.com/cjhayne/Projects/commit/aa38478efbf2e4a74ab8b21ae9e907a39cf81bd5)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 02:32:28 by cjhayne

Python file

Finds the county with the lowest life expectancy in a given year. Then a plot is reated for that county from 1985-2010. Graph contains the following information: female life expectancy by 1) county 2) state and 3) nation as well as the male life expectancy for all three attributes

---
## [lanbufan/subFIELD.lab-Covid-19-pub-database](https://github.com/lanbufan/subFIELD.lab-Covid-19-pub-database)@[99a1f2c19b...](https://github.com/lanbufan/subFIELD.lab-Covid-19-pub-database/commit/99a1f2c19b48437fcfd63132d2a346d0805f21fe)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 04:06:58 by lanbufan

Add files via upload

Welcome to the subFIELD.lab covid-19 publication database project. Research on covid-19 is marching full steam and is being published at a lightning fast speed, and will continue in a foreseeable future, in an increasing number of fields.

Our goal is to provide (1) the most up-to-date and (2) comprehensive bibliometric database on covid-19 publications. Our database is building on two ongoing and important projects, LitCovid and CORD-19. [see our available datasets for download right below].

subFIELD.lab Covid-19 publications databases:

subfield.lab_covid_19_pub_database_2020_04_06__3172_cases.csv [version with only validated covid-19 related publications]


subfield_lab_covid_19_pub_database_2020_04_06__6076_cases.csv [version with all CORD-19 publications from 2019 and 2020]

LitCovid Data

LitCovid [https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/research/coronavirus/] is a "curated literature hub for tracking up-to-date scientific information about the 2019 novel Coronavirus" maintained by the BioNLP Research Group at the National Center for Biotechnology Information[NCBI], U.S. National Library of Medicine[NLM]. Updated daily, LitCovid generated its list of covid-19 related-articles using PubMed. The complete list of all those articles [2,712 as of today] is on their website. The only downside from a bibliometric perspective is that the downloadable covid-19 publication dataset they offer only includes a very limited number of meta-data fields [author(s), journal, keywords, title, type of publication, and year of publication].

CORD-19 Data

The COVID-19 Open Research Dataset Challenge (CORD-19) hosted on kaggle domain [kaggle.com/allen-institute-for-ai/CORD-19-research-challenge] an "an AI challenge powered by AI2, CZI, MSR, Georgetown, NIH & The White House". In their call for action, the task force identify a limited number of important questions related to covid-19, and they asked the "world's artificial intelligence experts to develop text and data mining tools that can help the medical community develop answers to high priority scientific questions". Literally 1, 000 of researchers and AI/ML folks have joined to collaborate and compete in that challenge.

At its core, CORD-19 released a raw dataset containing more than 47, 000 scientific pieces along with 36, 000+ already parsed full text PDF [6GB of data]. Their raw bibliometric dataset contains 15 meta-data fields [see documentations for details].

So you might ask, well, what else is there to do, really? What does subFIELD.lab covid-19 publication database have to offers that LitCovid and CORD-19 don't? It is certainty enough data to allow data scientists to run their AI.ML analyses and models. And it is probably enough data to assist covid-19 researchers themselves in their work.

Our position, or perspective is different. We are more approaching the LitCovid & CORD-19 data as data developers and social scientists.

As data developers, our goal is to link these existing datasets to additional bibliometric sources on Covid-19 (Web of Science, Scopus, etc) to generate new data-points/variables [gender, institutional affiliation, monthly citation counts, data used, disciplines, academic/industry collaboration; see documentation].

As social scientists, we cannot participate directly in the 'epidemiological' or medical research on covid-19, but our goal is to help those carrying those crucial endeavors while also providing other stakeholders with a wealth of data for both general and specialized statistical querying.

---
## [arcticicestudio/styleguide-git](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/styleguide-git)@[a15e882818...](https://github.com/arcticicestudio/styleguide-git/commit/a15e882818f2b1ce1ffc90e3f8a1228127d119d9)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 06:44:04 by Arctic Ice Studio

GitHub Flow migration (#10)

: Historical Background

Back on July 22 2017, this style guide for Git was created that also
included the compliance with Git Flow [1]. Generally this branching
model is really dynamic and can help a larger team to keep the overview
of different story implementations while being able to build and deploy
version backports. Using `develop` as the main branch also helps to
make sure the `master` branch always contains stable versions.

Anyway, the model also comes with disadvantages like the overhead of
keeping both `develop` and `master` in sync when tagging a new release
version. The main target groups for this model are larger teams that
work on projects with legacy support.

I've adapted Git Flow because I liked the idea of having one branch that
reflects the actual development state, but after using it for over 6
years I don't see any advantages in it anymore compared to other great
models like GitHub Flow [2]. I've checked the original Git Flow blog
post of Vincent Driessen again and was amazed that he recently
(March 5, 2020) added an update at the top of the post that exactly
matches my opinion regarding the fact that Git Flow is not suitable
these days, comes with too much overhead and that he now recommends to
use GitHub Flow instead:

> Note of reflection (March 5, 2020)
>
> This model was conceived in 2010, now more than 10 years ago, and not
> very long after Git itself came into being. In those 10 years,
> git-flow (the branching model laid out in this article) has become
> hugely popular in many a software team to the point where people have
> started treating it like a standard of sorts — but unfortunately also
> as a dogma or panacea.
>
> During those 10 years, Git itself has taken the world by a storm,
> and the most popular type of software that is being developed with Git
> is shifting more towards web apps — at least in my filter bubble. Web
> apps are typically continuously delivered, not rolled back, and you
> don't have to support multiple versions of the software running in the
> wild.
>
> This is not the class of software that I had in mind when I wrote the
> blog post 10 years ago. If your team is doing continuous delivery of
> software, I would suggest to adopt a much simpler workflow (like
> GitHub flow) instead of trying to shoehorn git-flow into your team.
>
> If, however, you are building software that is explicitly versioned,
> or if you need to support multiple versions of your software in the
> wild, then git-flow may still be as good of a fit to your team as it
> has been to people in the last 10 years. In that case, please read on.
>
> To conclude, always remember that panaceas don't exist. Consider your
> own context. Don't be hating. Decide for yourself.

This update perfectly reflects the way I thought about the Git Flow
model quite a while now.
Therefore I've finally decided to switch to GitHub Flow and retire the
good old `develop` in favor of `master` as the one and only
single-source-of-truth™️.

: Migration Tasks

Since all Arctic Ice Studio projects adhere to this guide each
repository must gradually adapt to this change one after the other.
Large projects like Nord [3] with all of it's port projects [4] will
require a lot more time and effort to migrate regarding the goal and
tooling compatibility of the actual project.
Smaller projects like my igloo [5] dotfile repository, snowsaw [6] as
well as this style guide repository itself are way easier and can be
done within the next few weeks.

[1]: https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model
[2]: https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow
[3]: https://www.nordtheme.com
[4]: https://www.nordtheme.com/ports
[5]: https://github.com/arcticicestudio/igloo
[6]: https://github.com/arcticicestudio/snowsaw

Related to GH-9

---
## [MachoThemes/kaliforms-theme](https://github.com/MachoThemes/kaliforms-theme)@[d2ea99645d...](https://github.com/MachoThemes/kaliforms-theme/commit/d2ea99645df93b9ea53e52da0d8d4e47add67fda)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 07:06:21 by cristianraiber

i fucking hate webpack and grunt and all this shit

---
## [StianAndreOlsen/ColorVario](https://github.com/StianAndreOlsen/ColorVario)@[ce8720539c...](https://github.com/StianAndreOlsen/ColorVario/commit/ce8720539cf1a3d2b16ba777653113990793e300)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 07:30:09 by Stian Andre Olsen

This commit was supposed to be a release candidate for version 2. Everything
looked promising on the watch with Tizen 3. Then Samsung delivered Tizen 4 to
our Gear S3s and several problems occured. Therefore, we might upgrade to
Tizen 4 also in the development files. This will require Tizen 4 on the end
user device, hence forcing all users to upgrade. Anyway, this commit might be
the last version that runs on Tizen 3.

The following is included in this commit:

GPS handling is improved. A new LocationModule class is added, one level higher
than LocationManager. The name might change in the future, but for now it just
works! :-) GPS is turned on when required (e.g. when showing the speed) and
turned off when not required.

Having a GPS is no longer a required feature. ColorVario will now work even on
devices without a GPS. The end user will get a warning about the consequences
but the vario part will still work.

The geoid functionality is moved from LocationManager to the new LocationModule
to avoid having to reload the geoid data each time the GPS is restartet. The
LocationManager object is still used through a smart pointer. The reasoning
behind this is that if we are running on a device without a GPS I think trying
to create a location manager will crash the application. At least this happened
when I tried to run similar Bluetooth code on the simulator (that doesn't
support Bluetooth).

Bluetooth is also removed both as a required feature and as a privilege. The
privilege needs to be added again when we add Bluetooth support in a future
version. However, adding Bluetooth as a required feature is not recommended
since the basic vario works well without it. It is better to add a warning like
we did for a missing GPS.

ColorVarioController now has it's own timer for starting or stopping the GPS.
Previously it relied on the variometer giving a signal. However, the variometer
gives a signal 10 times a second, and we don't need to start or stop the GPS
that often. The new timer ticks every 5 seconds which is probably ok.

A new AltitudeOffsetWriter is created and used instead of just using a regular
AltitudeWriter. This allowed me to move some of the increment and decrement
logic to this class and simplify the AltitudeOffsetDialog.

The AltitudeOffsetDialog now handles feets. Increment/decrement goes in steps
of two feets, same rounding used when displaying altitude.

ValueWriter now contains it's own timer that will write the title instead of
the value to it's "paper" when the value is late. Typically, this can happen
to the speed label because the GPS response can be slow for a number of
reasons. ValuePainter also has similar logic and paints with transparency if
the value is late.

A new namespace SystemInfo contains functions for checking system cababilities
and is used to check if a GPS is supported on the device.

A small fix in TextView synchronizes pan and wheel scrolling.

I had to create a new certificate after the watch was upgraded to Tizen 4.
This might be the reason why there is a new signature2.xml file. I don't know!
The certificates and signatures are still a mystery.

The default sink colors are changed from 50% transparent to fully opaque. The
transparent versions looked too dim after I skipped my own alpha blending.

---
## [matchms/matchms](https://github.com/matchms/matchms)@[8f27272f23...](https://github.com/matchms/matchms/commit/8f27272f231fea93e16cef3f0c816dd5fd230fc5)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 07:40:35 by Jurriaan H. Spaaks

god give me strength dealing with this fucking shit

---
## [avirule/Wyd](https://github.com/avirule/Wyd)@[f39476d40f...](https://github.com/avirule/Wyd/commit/f39476d40f3d99145da9df8103b024adcb8c4fe3)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 07:55:54 by Zavier Divelbiss

System.Threading.Channels support

Huge changes here. Instead of my frankly shit JobScheduler + JobWorker threaded queue fuckery, I'm now employing System.Threading.Channels and `Task.Run()`'d async methods that consume the jobs. This allows me to utilize the .NET ThreadPool, which is undoubtedly better at scheduling work than I am.

`JobWorker` no longer exists, and is effectively transitioned to a long-running async consumer method.

`SpinLockCollection` is now just `AsyncCollection`, wrapping a `Channel<T>`.

In-game debug log is currently non-functional. It was causing an inordinate amount of lag as TextMeshPro attempted to render the entirety of the log's contents to the screen. I'll have to implmenet some kind of limited character stack. Pretty low priority right now though.

---
## [petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp)@[a4fac6f174...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp/commit/a4fac6f1744d6ae712d240cab8927527ba0fdf3a)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 08:08:18 by petrero

13.3.CollectionType Field{ The CollectionType Problems }

Open the GenusScientistEmbeddedForm. We used a form event to accomplish this: if the GenusScientist had an id, we unset the user field. Comment that out for now and refresh.
Cool: this section at least makes more sense now.

The CollectionType Problems
But... there are still some problems! First, it's ugly! I know this is just an admin area... but wow! If you want to use the CollectionType, you'll probably need to create a custom form theme for this one field and render things in a more intelligent way. We'll do something similar in a few minutes.
Second... this only works because we already did a lot of hard work setting up the relationships to play well with the CollectionType. Honestly, the CollectionType is both the best and worst form type: you can do some really complex stuff... but it requires some seriously tough setup. You need to worry about the owning and the inverse sides of the relationship, and things called orphanRemoval and cascading. There is some significant Doctrine magic going on behind the scenes to get it working.
So in a few minutes, we're going to look at a more custom alternative to using the collection type.

---
## [Foundry512/Foundry512](https://github.com/Foundry512/Foundry512)@[2891c1019e...](https://github.com/Foundry512/Foundry512/commit/2891c1019ee7cd1a7b9e51d194205ef6bd5326d8)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 08:51:02 by Foundry512

Add files via upload

"Advertising is full of change that requires immediate responses to client needs. We are fortunately growing and need additional creatives to help service our clients. We are looking for a freelance frontend developer that is passionate about brand growth through engaging digital experiences, has experience working with agencies, and can plug-n-play with our brand teams on various campaigns and projects.

In most cases, our frontend developers are directly involved with the creative process working alongside our copywriter, project manager, digital marketer, and art director. We also welcome our freelancers to work with us in our office or workspace locations. While it often isn’t required, in many cases we encourage our freelancers to attend client meetings for collaboration.

We are looking for a frontend developer that possesses a strong sense of web and mobile development for WordPress. The ideal person would also be strong on responsive, fluid, or adaptive executions that work perfectly on all mobile devices.

Ideally, we’d like to work with freelancers for the long haul because we believe that relationships are the key to creative excellence. We are also looking to bring fresh execution in the following domains: js, css, speed optimization, animations, and transitions. Currently, we are looking to fill in positions and balance the workload on brands that include a Top 100 Roofing Company, nationally-ranked Division I School, State of Texas, and our own agency.

If you’re passionate about creating and curating ideas that are brought to life within campaign execution, please apply. We’d love to hear from you.

Visit Us: https://recruiting.foundry512.com/job/frontend-developer/

and the agency site: https://www.foundry512.com/"

---
## [petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp)@[a4df0f4cb9...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp/commit/a4df0f4cb9a4f608560a9ee721f2be9029a71ece)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 11:12:41 by petrero

15.1.Form Theming For a Completely Custom Field{ Configuring a Fake Field; Form Theme for One Field }

Let's look at one more way to make a ridiculously custom field. Right now, we're using the CollectionType... which works... but is totally ugly. And the only reason it works is that we did a lot of work in a previous tutorial to get the relationship setup properly.
And even if you can get the CollectionType working, you may want to add more bells and whistles to the interface. So here's the plan: we're not going to use the CollectionType... at all. Instead, we'll write our own HTML and JavaScript to create our own widget, which will use AJAX to delete and add new entries. Actually, we won't do all of that right now - but I'll show you how to get things setup so you can get back to writing that custom code.

Configuring a Fake Field
Back in config.yml, find the genusScientists field, change its type to text and delete the 4 options.
Whaaaat? Won't this break like crazy!? The genusScientists field holds a collection of GenusScientist objects... not just some text!
Totally! Except that we're going to add one magic config: mapped: false
As soon as I do that, this is no longer a real field. I mean, when the form renders, it will not call getGenusScientists(). And when we submit, it will not call setGenusScientists(). In fact, you could even change the field name to something totally fake... and it would work fine! This field will live in the form... but it doesn't read or set data on your entity. It's simply a way for us to "sneak" a fake field into our form.
Like we did in the last chapter, add a CSS class to the field: js-scientists-field
This time I'll use the standard attr option under type_options... but not for any particular reason.
Let's go see what this looks like! Yep, it's just a normal, empty text field: empty because it's not bound to our entity... at all - so it has no data.

Form Theme for One Field
Here's the goal: I want to replace this text field with our own Twig code, where we can build whatever crazy genus scientist-managing widget we want! How? The answer is to work with the form system: create a custom form theme that just overrides the widget for this one field.
To find out how, click the clipboard icon to get into the form profiler. Under genusScientists, open up the view variables. See this one called block_prefixes? This is the key for knowing the name of the block you should create in a form theme to customize this field. For example, to customize the widget for this field, we could create a block called form_widget, text_widget or _genus_genusScientists_widget. The last block would only affect this one field.
Copy that name. Then, in app/Resources/views/easy_admin, create a new file called _form_theme.html.twig. Add the block: _genus_genusScientists_widget with its endblock.
Are you feeling powerful yet? If not, you will soon. Before we start writing our awesome code, we need to tell Symfony to use this form theme. In previous tutorials, we learned how to add a custom form theme to our entire app... but in this case, we really only need this inside of our easy admin area.
EasyAdminBundle gives us a way to do this. In config.yml, under design, add form_theme. We're actually going to add two: bootstrap_4_horizontal_layout.html.twig and easy_admin/_form_theme.html.twig.
Thank you validation.
Now... we've got it! Our text shows up where the field should be. We can put anything here: like some HTML or an empty div that JavaScript fills in. Heck, we could create a React or Vue.js app and point it at this div. It's simple... but the possibilities are endless.

---
## [petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp)@[61edb9707c...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp/commit/61edb9707cbf6152057f93ac859f38736164e03a)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 11:12:41 by petrero

14.1.Custom Fields with JavaScript{Adding the JS Markdown Field}

99% of stuff in EasyAdminBundle is really easy. But it's that last, pesky 1% that can be so tough! And usually, that last 1% involves a form.
Sometimes, you have a form field that needs to be really customized. Maybe you need to write a bunch of special JavaScript, your own HTML or even create some custom routes and make AJAX calls back to them. Well... so far, all we can do is... just use the built-in form field types. And while that system is super extensible, it can also be super complex. So, we're going to dive into two examples where we do something very custom, without pulling our hair out.

Adding the JS Markdown Field
On the front-end of our site, this funFact field is processed through Markdown. That means we can totally use Markdown syntax inside its textarea. But... our admin users aren't very comfortable with Markdown... and being the awesome programmers that we are, we want to help them! I want to embed a JavaScript markdown previewer library called Snarkdown. You type some markdown, and Snarkdown shows you a preview.
So how can we transform our boring textarea field to include this?
In config.yml, under Genus, find the funFact field and add a css_class option set to js-markdown-input.
This will be our new best friend. Because now that the element has this CSS class, we can write JavaScript to do whatever insane crazy things we want!
How do we include JavaScript on the page? We already know how! Up at the top, under design and assets, add js. Let's add 2 JavaScript files. First, include the Snarkdown library.
We could also download it locally. And include a new js/custom_backend.js file.
To save some time, if you downloaded the code that came with this tutorial, you'll have a tutorial/ directory with a custom_backend.js file inside. Copy that, go into web/js and paste.
It's pretty simple: inside a $(document).ready() block, it finds all the js-markdown-input classes, gets their .form-control element, adds a new markdown-preview div and then processes that through Snarkdown. Basically, it creates an element that will show the preview version of our Markdown.
In that same tutorial/ directory, there's also a custom_backend.css file. Just copy its contents. Open our custom_backend.css file and paste at the bottom... to make things just a little prettier.
I think we're ready! Refresh the page. Bam! There's our preview below the field. We can add some bold... and use some ticks. We rock!
I want you to realize how powerful this is. You can easily add a css class to any field. And then, by writing JavaScript, you can do anything you want! You could render a text field, hide it and then entirely replace the area with some crazy, custom JavaScript widget that updates the hidden text field in the background. This is your Swiss Army Knife.
In fact, we're going to do something similar next.

---
## [petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp)@[9a37721c70...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/EasyAdminBundle-from-EasyCorp/commit/9a37721c7029ad45bbfe2d47f4ded0c99811f044)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 11:21:22 by petrero

15.1.Form Theming For a Completely Custom Field{ Configuring a Fake Field; Form Theme for One Field }

Let's look at one more way to make a ridiculously custom field. Right now, we're using the CollectionType... which works... but is totally ugly. And the only reason it works is that we did a lot of work in a previous tutorial to get the relationship setup properly.
And even if you can get the CollectionType working, you may want to add more bells and whistles to the interface. So here's the plan: we're not going to use the CollectionType... at all. Instead, we'll write our own HTML and JavaScript to create our own widget, which will use AJAX to delete and add new entries. Actually, we won't do all of that right now - but I'll show you how to get things setup so you can get back to writing that custom code.

Configuring a Fake Field
Back in config.yml, find the genusScientists field, change its type to text and delete the 4 options.
Whaaaat? Won't this break like crazy!? The genusScientists field holds a collection of GenusScientist objects... not just some text!
Totally! Except that we're going to add one magic config: mapped: false
As soon as I do that, this is no longer a real field. I mean, when the form renders, it will not call getGenusScientists(). And when we submit, it will not call setGenusScientists(). In fact, you could even change the field name to something totally fake... and it would work fine! This field will live in the form... but it doesn't read or set data on your entity. It's simply a way for us to "sneak" a fake field into our form.
Like we did in the last chapter, add a CSS class to the field: js-scientists-field
This time I'll use the standard attr option under type_options... but not for any particular reason.
Let's go see what this looks like! Yep, it's just a normal, empty text field: empty because it's not bound to our entity... at all - so it has no data.

Form Theme for One Field
Here's the goal: I want to replace this text field with our own Twig code, where we can build whatever crazy genus scientist-managing widget we want! How? The answer is to work with the form system: create a custom form theme that just overrides the widget for this one field.
To find out how, click the clipboard icon to get into the form profiler. Under genusScientists, open up the view variables. See this one called block_prefixes? This is the key for knowing the name of the block you should create in a form theme to customize this field. For example, to customize the widget for this field, we could create a block called form_widget, text_widget or _genus_genusScientists_widget. The last block would only affect this one field.
Copy that name. Then, in templates/easy_admin, create a new file called _form_theme.html.twig. Add the block: _genus_genusScientists_widget with its endblock.
Are you feeling powerful yet? If not, you will soon. Before we start writing our awesome code, we need to tell Symfony to use this form theme. In previous tutorials, we learned how to add a custom form theme to our entire app... but in this case, we really only need this inside of our easy admin area.
EasyAdminBundle gives us a way to do this. In config.yml, under design, add form_theme. We're actually going to add two: @EasyAdmin/form/bootstrap_4.html.twig and easy_admin/_form_theme.html.twig.
Thank you validation.
Now... we've got it! Our text shows up where the field should be. We can put anything here: like some HTML or an empty div that JavaScript fills in. Heck, we could create a React or Vue.js app and point it at this div. It's simple... but the possibilities are endless.

---
## [steakwipe/tranquility](https://github.com/steakwipe/tranquility)@[8e8925ddf3...](https://github.com/steakwipe/tranquility/commit/8e8925ddf3a50a7645eeb35c9e6f26bf2e227145)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 11:50:43 by Ray Miller

I BLEW IT ALL UP

not yet but this is definitely done

whether i leave the repo for posterity or evolve it, who knows

it feels weird to swear in github commits because they're all fucken officialbut i can just start typing like i do everywhere else and it doesnt give a shit

it just keeps givin me more space to type even if im not saying anything important

and on my gh its gonna look like activity this month

hahaha idiot

---
## [linux-mailinglist-archives/linux-block.vger.kernel.org.0](https://github.com/linux-mailinglist-archives/linux-block.vger.kernel.org.0)@[a8684e124c...](https://github.com/linux-mailinglist-archives/linux-block.vger.kernel.org.0/commit/a8684e124c733df1e6c45ccc2bf626da201e8793)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 12:32:18 by Mrs Lori Robinson

May peace of our almighty god be unto you Greeting .my name is Mrs.
 Lori Robinson ,69 yers old from Netherlands a widow reside in Ouagadougou
 Burkine Faso, please, i do not have formal relationship with you but because
 of my present predicament and circumstances i am made to contact you.i have
 been suffering from cancer and have a short life to leave.i have made up my
 mind to donate my late husband inheritance of 8.5million usd to the less
 privileged and Orphanage,please help me to fulfill my last wish,please
 contact me here. donate 70% to Orphans while 30% is for you. Please contact
 me in my personal I wait to hear from you Sister . Lori Robinson

---
## [inmagik/react-rocketjump](https://github.com/inmagik/react-rocketjump)@[1aba932ac4...](https://github.com/inmagik/react-rocketjump/commit/1aba932ac4cc6043749d21b623d0ca0cbfb64bee)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 13:02:06 by gffuma

Fuck off boy, stupid missing useMemo cause failing test cache that rely on never used connectRj api

---
## [mutcianm/nailgun](https://github.com/mutcianm/nailgun)@[6d09b1eb6a...](https://github.com/mutcianm/nailgun/commit/6d09b1eb6af29af24c25ea01a052c6bf6ff791b9)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 14:54:27 by Mikhail Mutcianko

more publishing fixes

publishing to bintray using the default pom is completely fucked and I don't
have enough maven experience or time to properly fix the build, so I've just hacked in
direct publishing of nailgun-server only(which is basically the only thing we need)

---
## [jroinc/TerraGov-Marine-Corps](https://github.com/jroinc/TerraGov-Marine-Corps)@[72412c6164...](https://github.com/jroinc/TerraGov-Marine-Corps/commit/72412c6164fc621ac3c420ee75336209bcf6e7a2)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 16:59:31 by jroinc

Changed neurotox

Increased ramp-up on neurotoxin damage by 50%, increased initial damage by one point for higher overall levels. It wasn't functioning near strong enough on partial stings. Now, a partial sting should actually drop stamina ~150 points instead of ~25-50 I observed max.

A full sting will FUCK you unless you get treatment (or larval toxin), as-intended. If your screen goes wonky and you start shaking, dose yourself, see a medic, run to the FOB, or die. You have a minute to 2 minutes to do all these things

---
## [pa1nki113r/Project_Brutality](https://github.com/pa1nki113r/Project_Brutality)@[4d44496172...](https://github.com/pa1nki113r/Project_Brutality/commit/4d44496172945553d5930fa8a3c23c98894c402a)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 17:20:10 by JMartinez9820

Update MELEE.dec

Welp, I just realized that I made a fucky wucky on one of the combo sequences in the original commit when I added the Player Translated flags, so I have fixed my idiotic error by reverting and fixing it up.

---
## [endlessm/rufus](https://github.com/endlessm/rufus)@[9c844ee0fb...](https://github.com/endlessm/rufus/commit/9c844ee0fb709186b5775cee82dcf93df8999340)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 19:20:28 by Derek Foreman

Allow failing DeletePartitions to be non-fatal

So, you can't DeletePartitons if there aren't any, or if they're not
recognized as such by windows. This means zeroed out devices or, much
more surprisingly, devices with our iso image flashed on them, can't be
re-flashed, as our process breaks at DeletePartitons.

Stop treating that error as fatal.

Honestly, I don't know why we need to DeletePartitions before we write
zeroes over the partition table anyway, but I'm cargo culting that in
from rufus, as the author has a great deal of experience dealing with the
weird and impossible world of windows volume management.

https://phabricator.endlessm.com/T29747

---
## [lhecker/terminal](https://github.com/lhecker/terminal)@[680577f55c...](https://github.com/lhecker/terminal/commit/680577f55c6927ae4f1a63ae396aff6b9b0fae66)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 19:56:24 by Michael Niksa

Update til::bitmap to use dynamic_bitset<> + libpopcnt (#5092)

This commit replaces `std::vector<bool>` with `dynamic_bitset<>` by
@pinam45 (https://github.com/pinam45/dynamic_bitset) and with
`libpopcnt` for high-performance bit counting by @kimwalisch
(https://github.com/kimwalisch/libpopcnt).

* [x] In support of performance, incremental rendering, and Terminal
  "not speed enough" as well as my sanity relative to
  `std::vector<bool>`
* [x] Tests updated and passed.
* [x] `LICENSE`, `NOTICE`, and provenance files updated.
* [x] I'm a core contributor. I discussed it with @DHowett-MSFT and
  cleared the licensing checks before pulling this in.

## Details `std::vector<bool>` provided by the Microsoft VC Runtime is
incapable of a great many things. Many of the methods you come to expect
off of `std::vector<T>` that are dutifully presented through the `bool`
variant will spontaneously fail at some future date because it decides
you allocated, resized, or manipulated the `vector<bool>` specialization
in an unsupported manner. Half of the methods will straight up not work
for filling/resizing in bulk. And you will tear your hair out as it will
somehow magically forget the assignment of half the bits you gave it
part way through an iteration then assert out and die.

As such, to preserve my sanity, I searched for an alternative. I came
across the self-contained header-only library `dynamic_bitset` by
@pinam45 which appears to do as much of `boost::dynamic_bitset` as I
wanted, but without including 400kg of boost libraries. It also has a
nifty optional dependency on `libpopcnt` by @kimwalisch that will use
processor-specific extensions for rapidly counting bits. @DHowett-MSFT
and I briefly discussed how nice `popcnt` would have been on
`std::vector<bool>` last week... and now we can have it. (To be fair, I
don't believe I'm using it yet... but we'll be able to easily dial in
`til::bitmap` soon and not worry about a performance hit if we do have
to walk bits and count them thanks to `libpopcnt`.)

This PR specifically focuses on swapping the dependencies out and
ingesting the new libraries. We'll further tune `til::bitmap` in future
pulls as necessary.

## Validation
* [x] Ran the automated tests for bitmap.
* [x] Ran the terminal manually and it looks fine still.

---
## [TopLad75/Longue-Vie-A-La-France](https://github.com/TopLad75/Longue-Vie-A-La-France)@[cff0e1482c...](https://github.com/TopLad75/Longue-Vie-A-La-France/commit/cff0e1482c4b3a5943c6d2e2471b8ac2a7675984)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-07 23:43:46 by Kriegsmarine-cbt

ideology bullshit and new england semi-fixed

fuck you

---

# [<](2020-04-06.md) 2020-04-07 [>](2020-04-08.md)

