# [<](2020-09-15.md) 2020-09-16 [>](2020-09-17.md)

2,810,246 events, 1,428,472 push events, 2,179,254 commit messages, 160,369,406 characters


## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[e2505283d2...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/e2505283d2fc12aee334e15d9a58830073568f78)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 00:33:52 by Terry N. Muse

mutant presence allows more life regen
mutant DR 25% to 20%
mutant's movement is much sharper during predictive throw (should make dodging subtly easier)
mutant predictive dash is slightly more delay between dashes
deviantt and mutant movement for their big weapons adjusted so they arent COMPLETELY stupid when you go behind them
spirit champ
 separate iframes for body and hands
 life slightly reduced

---
## [morenao97/otservbr-global](https://github.com/morenao97/otservbr-global)@[d7475408fe...](https://github.com/morenao97/otservbr-global/commit/d7475408fe873df3f61d92d1104030b0da95dd3b)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 02:33:27 by morenao97

Correção das formulas de algumas magias.

Corrigi as formulas de dano maximo e minimo de algumas magias, usando como base o Tibia Wikia. (https://tibia.fandom.com/wiki/Formulae)
Magias Corrigidas:
    Healing:
        Light Healing
        Intense Healing
        Wound Cleasing
        Mass Healing
        Ultimate Healing
        Divine Healing
        Heal Friend

    Instant Attack
        Energy Beam
        Great Energy Beam
        Divine Caldera
        Terra Wave
        Energy Wave
        Rage of Skies
        Hell's Core
        Wrath of Nature
        Eternal Winter
        Energy Strike
        Terra Strike
        Ice Strike
        Physical Strike
        Flame Strike
        Death Strike
        Divine Missile
        Ice Wave
        Fire Wave
        Whirlwind throw
        Groundshaker
        Berserk
        Fierce Berserk
        Etheral Spear

    Runes:
        Explosion
        LMM
        HMM
        Stalagmite
        Fireball
        Icicle
        Holy Missile
        Sudden Death
        Thunderstorm
        Stone Shower
        Avalanche
        Great Fireball

---
## [chingun/mind_palace](https://github.com/chingun/mind_palace)@[d0fcc13969...](https://github.com/chingun/mind_palace/commit/d0fcc13969ff9de738b5a0db64561b2432496049)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 03:11:59 by chingun

Merge branch 'master' of github.com:chingun/mind_palace
Fuck you

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[695da5d9f9...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/695da5d9f9a54ec5b0b1c666b48cb3eaac402ca0)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 05:47:58 by quietly-turning

use CRYPTMAN.SHA256String if it's available

Ugly demon creature without a soul wrestles alone in the dark.

     Of what value is a soul?

it keeps the color
within my flesh, without which
I am pronounced dead

    Vivaldi strings, then
    a picnic with strawberries
    under night's cover.

Can we?

    Only without souls.

I'd like that.

---
## [JellyFish-S/MyFoodApplication](https://github.com/JellyFish-S/MyFoodApplication)@[0a30a19dfa...](https://github.com/JellyFish-S/MyFoodApplication/commit/0a30a19dfa0a6eca8d36b8f28b5116b40dc8fae8)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 09:15:29 by Svetlana

User can delete products in food diary for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack

---
## [Lumos-SS13/Lumos](https://github.com/Lumos-SS13/Lumos)@[4dbcc72532...](https://github.com/Lumos-SS13/Lumos/commit/4dbcc72532251e09b3a3743db0f4c1cefa4cbfc2)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 11:47:20 by Fagetti

Vadimlovesgoblingirls (#74)

* Added my knife

Time to circumcise Moffy with a rusty knife

* Update customloadout.dm

* adds dmi for held

* godhelp

* fuckin with the handfile shit

* Update bureaucracy.dmi

* Revert "Update bureaucracy.dmi"

This reverts commit 855a41330e59a7b961171c7b8f3bfad140d6d9af.

* Fixed some of the shit, reverted dmi change

Sorry about that, flattened some of the shit.

---
## [MarkisJr/neuralnetwork](https://github.com/MarkisJr/neuralnetwork)@[327b9e2890...](https://github.com/MarkisJr/neuralnetwork/commit/327b9e2890fea83247f15934b0a80b193627688f)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 11:59:10 by MarkisJr

its fucking fucked, buffered input stream doesnt work for shit, why cant this god forsaken thing work

---
## [Shaifali3012/Technocolabs-Data-science-Internship](https://github.com/Shaifali3012/Technocolabs-Data-science-Internship)@[0f84c5e1d8...](https://github.com/Shaifali3012/Technocolabs-Data-science-Internship/commit/0f84c5e1d833a8a4a1503e70be0c56d358c41078)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 14:23:59 by Shaifali Gupta

Mini Project 1- Dr. Ignaz Semmelweis and the Discovery

This is Dr. Ignaz Semmelweis, a Hungarian physician born in 1818 and active at the Vienna General Hospital. If Dr. Semmelweis looks troubled it's probably because he's thinking about childbed fever: A deadly disease affecting women that just have given birth. He is thinking about it because in the early 1840s at the Vienna General Hospital as many as 10% of the women giving birth die from it. He is thinking about it because he knows the cause of childbed fever: It's the contaminated hands of the doctors delivering the babies. And they won't listen to him and wash their hands!
In this notebook, we're going to reanalyze the data that made Semmelweis discover the importance of handwashing. Let's start by looking at the data that made Semmelweis realize that something was wrong with the procedures at Vienna General Hospital.

---
## [Miouyouyou/armbian-desktop](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/armbian-desktop)@[871bdd15ae...](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/armbian-desktop/commit/871bdd15aebe40707f78ad179d51cab8bdc2a579)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 15:29:10 by Miouyouyou (Myy)

Switching to configuration files...

I still wonder if we should either :
* keep one folder per distribution name, with all the package lists as files.
  That way, if any modification needs to be done on a specific file, we just
  have to modify THAT file, and don't worry about it.
  However, if a modification needs to be applied to every package list, well
  you'll have to edit EVERY package file from EVERY folder...
  Yeah...
* get the package list, and debian rules, configurations from an "all" folder,
  if a specific folder for the chosen distribution doesn't exist. That way,
  folders will only exist if a distribution needs specific rules...
  That might happen very quickly, though, since all these Debian distributions
  are really scattered, in term of release dates. Especially for debian package
  rules
* create symlinks. This one is easy, but Windows users will have to enable
  "Developer" mode in order to get access to "mklink". I'm not sure that Armbian
  is mainly built by Linux users. There might be a bigger number of Windows users
  building Armbian distributions...
  Still, symlinks solve every problem in terms of duplication. Thought, this
  might generate a few surprises if you confuse symlinks with simple files.

For the moment, I'll just keep simple files, since I'm debugging the whole thing.
But that question will arise shortly given the mess this generates.

Signed-off-by: Miouyouyou (Myy) <myy@miouyouyou.fr>

---
## [mmkal/ts](https://github.com/mmkal/ts)@[e35ac29108...](https://github.com/mmkal/ts/commit/e35ac29108ee01b7eda34294b087cbc9acc619dc)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 18:45:55 by Misha Kaletsky

rush (#159)

This switches from lerna to rush. Implements the first few tasks in https://github.com/mmkal/ts/issues/158

Some notes:
- `lerna.json` is still there - it's useful for running commands like `lerna exec`, but likely this won't be necessary once everything is managed by rush
- using rush's default package manager of pnpm. `yarn.lock` has been deleted in favour of pnpm's lockfile.
- a new package, currently internal-only, called `@mmkal/node-pkg` was added, for encapsulating common dev dependencies. Previously this relied on yarn workspace hoisting/magic. The node-pkg package has typescript, eslint, and jest dependencies, as well as configs for each of these that the published packages can extend. It also encapsulates various hacks to make eslint plugins/configs reachable from other packages. In theory, it should be possible to publish this too to make sure the projects _could_ be moved to another repo if necessary.
- this doesn't use heft (yet). There were some installation problems, and it's just one more layer of abstraction. Arguably `@mmkal/node-pkg` is quite similar to heft, so maybe it could go away by switching to heft?
- there are a bunch more devDependencies for each package, because they can no longer rely on hoisting. This is a good thing, relying on hoisting is not very portable and was basically just tech debt.
- this doesn't use api-extractor (yet). maybe this will come for free with heft?
- there's a "root" jest config to enable code coverage, and is in a separate job. It reaches into `tools/node-pkg/node_modules/ts-jest` for the typescript preprocessor. It wasn't possible to use the preset because ts-jest doesn't exist relative to the root.
- rush.json, and everything in `common/*` is (mostly) auto-generated
- `lint` and `test` are not part of `build`, even though the rush docs suggest they should be
- vscode-eslint has become quite slow. It had to be pointed to the `tools/node-pkg/node_modules/eslint` install of eslint in settings.json. It might be trying to lint too much
- `tsconfig.json` for each project has to do a few ugly-looking things, like include `"node_modules/@mmkal/node-pkg/node_modules/@types"` in `typeRoots`. This is to get `@types/jest` and `@types/node` types "for free" without having to add the dependencies explicitly - we rely on them being part of `@mmkal/node-pkg`. If one package wanted to use mocha/chai instead of jest, though, it could not include that path in type roots. Also, it's likely safe because pnpm makes the location of `node_modules` deterministic (unlike yarn/lerna with its magic hoisting).
- Generally, there are now more boilerplate files, but each one is pretty minimal, and usually points to `@mmkal/node-pkg`. There's a good [heft write-up](https://rushstack.io/pages/heft_tutorials/heft_and_rush/) on the trade-off between minimising boilerplate and maintaining portability..

TODO:
- [x] readme docs
- [x] make sure errors fail the build

---
## [Brosilio/HoneyBadgr](https://github.com/Brosilio/HoneyBadgr)@[938a084473...](https://github.com/Brosilio/HoneyBadgr/commit/938a0844739ad3613089da867f77c2215156cbc0)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 19:47:33 by brosilio

garbage + trash

had to convert all fields in api classes to properties because .net core sucks asshole and doesn't allow jsonserializer to serialize into fields even though someone committed a change to the .net core repo fixing that

implemented some stupid mf api endpoints

had to add a new StatusResult<T> class because badgr lies about their fucking api responses

---
## [Garash2k/Elegant-Better-D.GG](https://github.com/Garash2k/Elegant-Better-D.GG)@[86ef2b83e1...](https://github.com/Garash2k/Elegant-Better-D.GG/commit/86ef2b83e12c73e9587b466c67709e0c1bb5e691)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-16 22:58:01 by Garash2k

fucking DCOLON? Really? what a god awful decision from bbdgg...

---

# [<](2020-09-15.md) 2020-09-16 [>](2020-09-17.md)

