# [<](2020-10-12.md) 2020-10-13 [>](2020-10-14.md)

3,758,871 events, 1,588,099 push events, 2,361,551 commit messages, 171,280,740 characters


## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[ce1fb68625...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/ce1fb68625e30878b227a9934b0b692ea7e89048)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 06:17:48 by quietly-turning

fix SelectMusic header bug from prev commit

I keep thinking about the library,
my mind still walking up and down the stacks,
even if my body isn’t.

It had the sort of love
I thought was long gone from this world.

Collections of recommended reading
in literature, history, music, art.

Each pile accompanied by a photograph
of the librarian who'd found such delight
in this book and this album,
this film and this painting,
they couldn't wait to share it with you.

They wanted you to know that same joy.

It was exquisite how personal it felt.

Even the computers
felt so pleasantly helpful,
quaint catalog systems
and digital composition demos.

And that was great, really.

It felt like I felt about computers 20 years ago.

Technology was mysterious
but contained so much budding potential.
As though we as humans
were just on the cusp of seeing something else.

It would surely be good,
just beyond, just over that peak,
still slightly out of reach.

There was so much innocent optimism.
So much imagination, and camaraderie,
and hope that humanity would be brought closer together
by the act of sharing knowledge with one another.

I guess I can't go back to that time

before Facebook data mining,
the rise of fascism on Twitter,
and the rush to run studies
on how to more effectively train humans
to kill other humans
through carefully
crafted
algorithms.

But the stacks held me for a while,
retaining me in the present
just long enough, as though to say,
"it is still possible to feel okay."

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[17968c3869...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/17968c3869169f54c101e1182d5c0140a74787a5)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 07:18:34 by quietly-turning

add to SL Acknowledgments and hitd#23

There's a bit in The Bell Jar where Esther describes the
electroconvulsive therapy she is being administered.

  Something bent down and took a hold of me and shook me like the end
  ofthe world. Whee-ee-ee-ee–ee, it shrilled, through an air crackling
  with blue light, and with each flash a great jolt drubbed me till I
  thought my bones would break and the sap fly out of me like a split
  plant. I wondered what terrible thing I had done.

The first fifteen years with depression, being prescribed 30+ unique
prescription drugs in different combinations, seeing five different
therapists for multiple years each, bouncing in and out of different
hospitalizations, being treated with ECT — all these things over all
that time, I was never able to appreciate Esther's words.

Ketamine treatments for suicidal ideation are like experiencing 3 years
of depression compressed into 2 hours. Living with depression might make
you say, "yeah, existing sucks, but it's never worse than -5 out of -10,
and that's rare, so there's never real concern."

Being treated for depression with ketamine is like saying, "if I let
myself be beaten with bricks for two hours I might come out on the other
side cured."

I was still immobilized in the chair hours after the sixth infusion
concluded when even the unutterable darkness at the bottom of my soul
caved in. The foggy nothing keeping me afloat drained away, leaving only
despair.

The distance from my brain to my limbs was still too far at 5:30 and I
fell out of the Uber taking me home. Unable to tell my body what to do,
I laid half on the asphalt, half on the sidewalk, and prayed that a car
coming around the corner wouldn't see me in time and take care of
things.

The driver picked me up and propped me to my apartment door.

That night I saw something else in the mirror. I taped up paper towels a
few days later and still haven't taken them down. Seeing things that
aren't supposed to be there isn't terrible, but not seeing things that
you've come to expect is deeply troubling.

And somewhere in all this, I decided I'd rather keep living than have to
experience even one more ketamine treatment for depression ever again.

That's a twisty logic that loops into itself and doesn't resolve
satisfactorily, but it's a reason to keep living.

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[6815699ece...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/6815699ecee9992a33b4e97ce02737f3331ead84)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 07:38:17 by quietly-turning

fix op.menu preview pane for MenuTimerOptions

   What was your time in the happy place like?

Oh, it's less these days. Right out of high school, there was maybe six
months where I was just in and out of different hospitals nonstop. I
have a lot of stories for sure.

But then, I don't know, my brain settled and I was only in two over the
next few years, and then not again for a decade or so. My most recent
stay was about two years ago now.

   Mine too.

Mm, I'd wanted to ask you about that. I saw, you know, your arms when
you were changing out of your hoodie.

   You should never be afraid to ask anything about that. I had a lot of
   alcohol and a razor. I danced around my dog until I fell over onto
   the blood-soaked carpet.

Oh, not even the scars, I meant—

    There's not really any mistaking what they are.

Yeah, I know. I just meant your story. Your feelings, your thoughts. I
wanted to ask about those when I saw. I'm glad you brought it up,
really.

   Most people don't need meds, they just want someone who understands,
   or if not that, will just listen.

---
## [dpadillaortiz/chess-text-based-game](https://github.com/dpadillaortiz/chess-text-based-game)@[f1142251d2...](https://github.com/dpadillaortiz/chess-text-based-game/commit/f1142251d27a996b36e3f671c336d679169a36f0)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 09:02:09 by dpadillaortiz

Okay I think I've redone whatever I lost. Learning is a bitch but boy howdy it's fun. Good night, I think

---
## [pytorch/pytorch](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)@[9079aea1ac...](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/commit/9079aea1acc05b341d3db4e0ffed9a103e3c3d94)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 15:35:17 by Edward Yang

Rewrite implementation of faithful cpp signatures (#45890)

Summary:
Pull Request resolved: https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/45890

This rewrite is as per my comments at https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/pull/44087#issuecomment-701664506
I did the rewrite by reverting #44087 and then reimplementing it on top.
You may find it easier to review by diffing against master with only #44087
reverted.

There are two main ideas.

First, we now factor cpp argument processing into two phases operating
on three representations of data:

1. `FunctionSchema` - this is the source from native_functions.yaml
2. `Union[Argument, ThisArgument, TensorOptionsArgument]` - this is
   the arguments after doing some basic semantic analysis to group
   them (for TensorOptions) or identify the this argument (if this
   is a method).  There is only ever one of these per functions.
3. `Union[CppArgument, CppThisArgument, CppTensorOptionsArgument]` -
   this is the arguments after we've elaborated them to C++.  There
   may be multiple of these per actual C++ signature.

You can think of (2) as common processing, whereas (3) bakes in specific
assumptions about whether or not you have a faithful or non-faithful
signature.

Second, we now have CppSignature and CppSignatureGroup representing
the *total* public C++ API signature.  So those dataclasses are what
know how to render definitions/declarations, and you no longer have
to manually type it out in the Functions/TensorMethods codegen.

Here is an exhaustive accounting of the changes.

tools.codegen.api.types

- CppSignature and CppSignatureGroup got moved to tools.codegen.api.types
- Add new CppThisArgument and CppTensorOptionsArguments (modeled off
  of ThisArgument and TensorOptionsArguments) so that we can retain
  high level semantic structure even after elaborating terms with C++
  API information.  Once this is done, we can refine
  CppArgument.argument to no longer contain a ThisArgument (ThisArgument
  is always translated to CppThisArgument.  Note that this doesn't
  apply to TensorOptionsArguments, as those may be expanded or not
  expanded, and so you could get a single CppArgument for 'options')
- Add no_default() functional mutator to easily remove default arguments
  from CppArgument and friends
- Add an explicit_arguments() method to CppArgument and friends to
  extract (flat) argument list that must be explicitly written in the signature.
  This is everything except (Cpp)ThisArgument, and is also convenient
  when you don't care about the extra structure of
  CppTensorOptionsArguments

tools.codegen.api.cpp

- group_arguments is back, and it doesn't send things directly to a
  CppSignatureGroup; instead, it moves us from representation (1) to (2)
  (perhaps it should live in model).  Here I changed my mind from my
  PR comment; I discovered it was not necessary to do classification at
  grouping time, and it was simpler and easier to do it later.
- argument got split into argument_not_this/argument/argument_faithful.
  argument and argument_faithful are obvious enough what they do,
  and I needed argument_not_this as a more refined version of argument
  so that I could get the types to work out on TensorOptionsArguments

tools.codegen.api.dispatcher

- Here we start seeing the payoff.  The old version of this code had a
  "scatter" mode and a "gather" mode.  We don't need that anymore:
  cppargument_exprs is 100% type-directed via the passed in cpp
  arguments.  I am able to write the functions without any reference
  to use_c10_dispatcher

tools.codegen.gen

- Instead of having exprs_str and types_str functions, I moved these to
  live directly on CppSignature, since it seemed pretty logical.
- The actual codegen for TensorMethods/Functions is greatly simplified,
  since (1) all of the heavy lifting is now happening in
  CppSignature(Group) construction, and (2) I don't need to proxy one
  way or another, the new dispatcher translation code is able to handle
  both cases no problem.  There is a little faffing about with ordering
  to reduce the old and new diff which could be removed afterwards.

Here are codegen diffs.  For use_c10_dispatcher: full:

```
+// aten::_cudnn_init_dropout_state(float dropout, bool train, int dropout_seed, *, ScalarType? dtype=None, Layout? layout=None, Device? device=None, bool? pin_memory=False) -> Tensor
 Tensor _cudnn_init_dropout_state(double dropout, bool train, int64_t dropout_seed, const TensorOptions & options) {
-    return _cudnn_init_dropout_state(dropout, train, dropout_seed, optTypeMetaToScalarType(options.dtype_opt()), options.layout_opt(), options.device_opt(), options.pinned_memory_opt());
+    static auto op = c10::Dispatcher::singleton()
+        .findSchemaOrThrow("aten::_cudnn_init_dropout_state", "")
+        .typed<Tensor (double, bool, int64_t, c10::optional<ScalarType>, c10::optional<Layout>, c10::optional<Device>, c10::optional<bool>)>();
+    return op.call(dropout, train, dropout_seed, optTypeMetaToScalarType(options.dtype_opt()), options.layout_opt(), options.device_opt(), options.pinned_memory_opt());
 }
```

Otherwise:

```
+// aten::empty_meta(int[] size, *, ScalarType? dtype=None, Layout? layout=None, Device? device=None, bool? pin_memory=None, MemoryFormat? memory_format=None) -> Tensor
 Tensor empty_meta(IntArrayRef size, c10::optional<ScalarType> dtype, c10::optional<Layout> layout, c10::optional<Device> device, c10::optional<bool> pin_memory, c10::optional<MemoryFormat> memory_format) {
-    return empty_meta(size, TensorOptions().dtype(dtype).layout(layout).device(device).pinned_memory(pin_memory), memory_format);
+    static auto op = c10::Dispatcher::singleton()
+        .findSchemaOrThrow("aten::empty_meta", "")
+        .typed<Tensor (IntArrayRef, const TensorOptions &, c10::optional<MemoryFormat>)>();
+    return op.call(size, TensorOptions().dtype(dtype).layout(layout).device(device).pinned_memory(pin_memory), memory_format);
 }
```

Things that I probably did not get right:

- The Union[Argument, TensorOptionsArguments, ThisArgument] and
  the Cpp variants are starting to get a little unwieldy.  Not sure if
  this means I should add a supertype (or at the very least an
  alias); in some cases I do purposely omit one of these from the Union
- Code may not necessarily live in the most logical files.  There isn't
  very much rhyme or reason to it.
- The fields on CppSignature.  They're not very well constrained and
  it will be better if people don't use them directly.
- Disambiguation.  We should do this properly in #44087 and we don't
  need special logic for deleting defaulting for faithful signatures;
  there is a more general story here.

Signed-off-by: Edward Z. Yang <ezyang@fb.com>

Test Plan: Imported from OSS

Reviewed By: smessmer

Differential Revision: D24144035

Pulled By: ezyang

fbshipit-source-id: a185f8bf9df8b44ca5718a7a44dac23cefd11c0a

---
## [BonkCode/minishell](https://github.com/BonkCode/minishell)@[0eb3eb1056...](https://github.com/BonkCode/minishell/commit/0eb3eb1056a90b37f56a23236318ea4b23158aad)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 16:16:30 by Bonk

fixed expander issues. why no new branch? because fuck you

---
## [hipe/downtownfun](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun)@[b5d4dc86c4...](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun/commit/b5d4dc86c448bc084b8b09dc7cace1770f2cfa71)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 16:48:04 by Mark Meves

feat: introduce “wicked” ((1315))

Justification: We didn’t like using the “canon” the existing way,
but it was too painful not using a “canon” at all. Code generation
is scary and smelly, but we were curious enough

- move path relativizer from kiss to script lib
- error monitor gets its own anemic file again

(times)
  10-08 19:57  start cray town
        05:53  crazy town seems ok enough to start using
        06:54  going well but need nap
        10:27  resume first test
        10:55  lines via for csv
        11:12  begin tangent: unify scanning
  10-09 15:39  resume csv
        16:04  done with one case for one adapter
        16:16  break for run
  10-09 21:24  begin wicked
  10-10 06:56  resume new stich-up algorithm
               (tree not stream, recursive descent)
        09:08  good progress about to do case merge but
               gotta stop to visit family
        12:38  resume: coming in from the outside. CLI
        14:15  zz
        17:08  ok woke up
        18:20  begin writing the main workhorse method: update files
        20:27  done writing sketch of update command. need case update
        20:57  let's go we're about to do update case
  10-11 00:28  copying files over with backup looks like it works
        00:29  time for zz
        01:00  begin update case
        04:50  going well but zz
        10:40  resumed parsing test case function definition lines
        12:10  finished rough draft of case-level merge (no config
               directive hacks yet). time to smoke test & debug
        17:31  break 
        21:22  trying to process directives as 1st line of footer sect.
  10-12 02:39  now
.

---
## [glommer/scipio](https://github.com/glommer/scipio)@[b92650ffc7...](https://github.com/glommer/scipio/commit/b92650ffc7d942185086d5bd711e5d137fb4e2e3)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 16:58:21 by Glauber Costa

increase scheduler resolution

Scheduler is dealing with runtime calculations in microseconds.
Although in practice this is likely enough, some of our tests are
starting to show that for very aggressive applications this may not
be enough (it is a lot of overhead to actually measure all this and
you should never have such small tasks anyway, but that's a different
story)

If a task group does run for less than 1us the scheduler goes completely
crazy, as it may accounts 0 as its vruntime. Since we plan to be general
purpose, I'd prefer at this time to pay for the extra cost of dealing with
nanos then having the scheduler misbehave.

The convertion to nanos in itself is not the issue, but we now have to
check for overflow since accounting in nanos would make us run out of
vruntime in around a year. It's a branch that should not give the predictor
any trouble, so we'll pay it.

---
## [janioxavier/JogoDosPalitinhos](https://github.com/janioxavier/JogoDosPalitinhos)@[6b9faa721f...](https://github.com/janioxavier/JogoDosPalitinhos/commit/6b9faa721f547f24d16d1cccb5b9a552bf6c6da6)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 17:11:55 by Reinaldo de Sousa Carvalho

A vrdd é q a preguiça bateu nessa vai sem import msm

Sometimes
For a moment of bliss
In the passion
We're craving
There's a message we miss
Sometimes when
The spirit's left alone
We must believe in something
To find if we've grown
Tragic reflex
Shattered calm
Static progress
Senses gone
Numb awareness
Final psalm
Swept away with the tide
(Swept away with the tide)
Through the holes in my hands
(Through the holes in my hands)
Crown of thorns at my side
(Crown of thorns
At my side ye ye yeah)
Drawing lines in the sand
Sometimes
If you're perfectly still
You can hear the virgin weeping
For the savior of your will
Sometimes
Your castles in the air
And the fantasies you're seeking
Are the crosses you bear
Sacred conflict
Blessed prize
Weeping crosses
Stainless eyes
Desperate addict
Faith disguised
Swept away with the tide
(Swept away with the tide)
Through the holes in my hands
(Through the holes in my hands yeah)
Crown of thorns at my side
(Crown of thorns at my side)
Drawing lines in the sand
We fabricate our demons
Invite them into our homes
Have supper with the aliens
And fight the war alone
We conjure up our skeletons
Enlist the den of thieves
Frightened from our closets
Then sewn upon our sleeves
In the stream of consciousness
There is a river crying
Living comes much easier
Once we admit
We're dying
Sometimes
In the wreckage of our wake
There's a bitterness we harbor
And hate for hatred's sake
Sometimes
We dig an early grave
And crucify our instincts
For the hope we couldn't save
Sometimes
A view from sinless eyes
Centers our perspective
And pacifies our cries
Sometimes
The anguish we survive
And the mysteries we nurture
Are the fabrics of our lives
Swept away with the tide
(Swept away with tide yeeah)
Through the holes in my hands
(Through the holes
Holes in my hands)
Crown of thorns at my side
(Crown of thorns at my side yeah)
Drawing lines in the sand

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[5346e11461...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/5346e11461a10fcf77a610d64cd72209b20ea0cf)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 18:03:15 by quietly-turning

bugfix: ignore input on SelectProfile after choice

January
• burned out from Distant Towers project from late 2018
• decide to stop taking Aripiprazole injections
• letters

February
• travel to Denver for work; barely leave hotel room
• go on two first dates; both conclude with the other person crying; what is
  wrong with me?

March
• force myself through 8 ketamine treatments despite swearing never again in
  2017
• barely leave bed
• cover up the mirrors in my apartment
• avg 1.1 miles/day walked
• floating through fog

April
• attend Tekko; panic
• I need to stop attending public events
• return to si

May
• wake up
• work 220 hours in 25 days on SL 4.8.3; it is the most ambitious release to
  date
• expand the acknowledgments significantly and honestly
• build feelings and literature into the git commits; people get into it
• people livestream The Rabbit Hole; I watch without them realizing
• listening to people act out something I've created is magical beyond words

June
• Pittsburgh Library
• SL 4.8.4 is mostly bug fixes, but Taro, box, and Evocait help make Simply
  Thonk exist outside my head and that is beautiful

July
• travel to California to spend the 4th with kumo
• underestimate; things stop making sense
• grief
• start running

August
• still running
• run harder
• try new projects; end up retreading same steps
• panicky too frequently to focus

September
• SL 4.8.5 includes a Japanese translation
• still running
• run my first marathon
• visit NY
• library

October
• running
• excessive si
• visit IL to spend time with mute
• attempt 2 marathons in the same weekend; choose not to finish for
  self-preservation
• reflect on this decision
• trying to be here

November
• half-marathon minimum every day
• writing daily, sharing almost nothing
• trying to be here?

December
• DDR unexpectedly arrives in Pittsburgh
• none of my clothes fit me any longer but it's helpful for si
• maybe I can stop that now
• maybe I can stop running now, too

---
## [zishiwu123/modern-cpp-practice](https://github.com/zishiwu123/modern-cpp-practice)@[c32031cdb1...](https://github.com/zishiwu123/modern-cpp-practice/commit/c32031cdb1f3362e4099dc91de7df8c07ade661b)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-13 18:15:44 by justanothercsguy

finished exercise 3.11 - yearly raise function for Employee class

The yearly raise function was ugly code because we are working
with integers and I did not want to typecast any number into
a float value. Also I did not want a magic number for the yearly
raise percentage so I stored it as a private member variable
`m_percentRaised` which cannot be accessed because it has no
getters or setters. So we assume the default 10% yearly raise is
unchanged, and honestly a 10% yearly rate for a job that pays
over 60k in a city in the USA that is not too expensive to live
in like Tampa, FL or Atlanta, GA or Houston, TX sounds like a
pretty good salary for a new grad.

---

# [<](2020-10-12.md) 2020-10-13 [>](2020-10-14.md)

