# [<](2020-06-26.md) 2020-06-27 [>](2020-06-28.md)

1,619,736 events, 858,793 push events, 1,259,814 commit messages, 76,747,900 characters


## [dubrie/public](https://github.com/dubrie/public)@[87713e775e...](https://github.com/dubrie/public/commit/87713e775e28477046c208335bbe200fc1d4df0f)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 00:45:10 by Bill Johnson

2020H1 Tenet Updates

This is been a weird wild 6 months full of change and discomfort. I don't have enough clarity yet to confidently adjust any tenets but I have been moving some "hacks" in and out as I adjust to changes in all aspects of my life. Also went through and updated the structure of this somewhat by having 3 distinct "levels" of tenets that evolve over time. I feel that this better reflects the methodical approach I try to follow to ensure that the good stuff sticks into my subconscious and the other stuff eventually falls away.

---
## [medleyCole/Trails](https://github.com/medleyCole/Trails)@[fb4b78fce6...](https://github.com/medleyCole/Trails/commit/fb4b78fce60a6f70932c881add08fa07ca933737)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 05:42:30 by Gourd (cole)

I am scared and tipsy

why AM I coding liek this? Iw as playing jackbox with the boys and wanted to push because I was coding on the side in breaks
Uhhh I added in sick checks in the morning, changed batteries to one group of charge, I think that's it?

adding in the rest of the sick checks, the settler should know how to assign time to itself in that way each turn

---
## [steakknife/pwm_lib](https://github.com/steakknife/pwm_lib)@[061610744c...](https://github.com/steakknife/pwm_lib/commit/061610744cc9faa29d45203023d72a22ddd98643)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 15:07:18 by Barry Allard

fix fucking formatting goddamnit, this shit was unreadable crapware

---
## [unalbatuhan/Themeforest](https://github.com/unalbatuhan/Themeforest)@[d654c9bc69...](https://github.com/unalbatuhan/Themeforest/commit/d654c9bc699206ab2073740d8475fded7286f3d9)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 16:53:53 by Batuhan UNAL

Bridge Wordpress Theme - Themeforest

BRIDGE is a responsive retina multipurpose WordPress theme perfect for just about anyone. Whether you are a creative, a corporate team, a lawyer, a medical doctor or a freelancer looking for a modern portfolio website or a personal blog, Bridge is your best option.

Build with WPBakery or Elementor – it’s your choice!

Need a 1-page gallery, a coming soon or an app landing page? Own a restaurant, a bar or a pizza parlor? A gym or a fitness studio? You have a wellness or a spa center, or promote healthy lifestyle? We got you! Bridge is here if you need a superb website for your hotel, travel tour, church, wedding, shop, seo digital marketing agency, or if you are into photography, architecture, fashion, design, organic food, music or offer any type of service out there. Bridge is not just a theme, it’s a collection of amazing examples with tons of features. The possibilities are truly endless.

Bridge comes with bundled plugins. For details on how bundled plugins work, please refer to this article: https://help.market.envato.com/hc/en-us/articles/213762463-Bundled-Plugins

Test Login Account
For all Bridge demos that contain the front-end user login functionality, you can use the following credentials to log in and check out the user dashboard and all the amazing options it provides
username: test
password: test
Main Features
400+ Unique Demos – You’ll find what you need in one of our fully equipped demos, whether you’re in search of a blog, a business website, or even something as specific as an online store for your pet shop. Easy to import and highly customizable, we created the Bridge Demos to make your life easier.
24 Layout Concepts – Explore all Bridge possibilities with 24 new layout concepts – ranging from standard site layouts to authentic and innovative designs. You’re certain to find the perfect solution for your perfect website within our collection of creative concepts.

Qode Video Tutorials – Get started with Bridge even faster! Visit the official Qode Interactive YouTube channel to check out our comrehensive step-by-step video tutorials.

NEW Full Listing Functionality – Bridge now comes with a fully functional listing plugin that lets you create listing and directory websites. The plugin includes a new Listing post type, a variety of shortcodes for displaying your listings, and much more.

NEW Full News Functionality – Create your News website with Bridge. Thanks to the awesome News plugin, Bridge now comes with a variety of shortcodes specifically designed for displaying posts in beautiful news and magazine style layouts.

NEW Full Restaurant Functionality – The Bridge Restaurant plugin lets you create a beautiful and fully functional presentation for your restaurant or cafe. Create a reastaurant menu, display your working hours, let clients book tables by connecting your website with your OpenTable account, and much more.

NEW Front-End Login Functionality – Let your website users create their own accounts or login via their social network profiles with the all-new Membership plugin for Bridge.

Qode Slider – Amazing responsive full-screen image & video slider with parallax and the option to choose between full responsiveness and a fixed / responsive height. With fade in/out elements animations, and slide/fade transitions. Also, for each slide you can choose if the header should be dark or light, set different positions for the graphic and text, choose different animation for the graphic (flip or fade), fully control the titles and texts (size, color, fonts, line-height, weight, shadow), set custom color for the navigation, set an overlay pattern image for video…

Easy-To-Use Powerful Admin Interface – BRIDGE comes with an extremely intuitive, easy-to-use admin interface. Add unlimited sliders and slides while you are editing pages/posts/portfolios, add unlimited portfolio images or videos while editing your portfolio items, add unlimited parallax sections to any page, customize typography styles, upload multiple logo versions, and much more. Take complete control over your website.

Auto Update – Sick of manually updating your WordPress theme via FTP? We’ve made sure you won’t have to ever again. Update BRIDGE with the click of a button using the Envato Toolkit.

YITH WooCommerce Quick View & YITH WooCommerce Wishlist plugin compatibility – Thanks to the YITH WooCommerce Quick View the website visitors can easily check out the offered items and view product details with just a single mouse click. YITH WooCommerce Wishlist, on the other hand, enables them to check the product availability and to add items to their wishlist.

New Quick Links Custom Post Type – Make all your latest news and essential updates easily accessible at all times with the Quick Links functionality.

Fully Customizable Headers – Choose between top and side positions for your header. The collection of 10 separate header types, each with its own set of options, is sure to satisfy your every need. Each page can have it’s own custom header with a dark or light skin, and a different color and transparency. Define styles for your menus, and turn on a Side Area, Search functionality, Header Top, and Fullscreen Menu with the click of a button.

Fully Customizable Title Area – Choose between a responsive title image, parallax title image, zoom in/out title image and no image. Show or hide each title area. Choose the position of the title text. Choose different types of animations: animate the text, animate the whole title area or no animation. Choose colors, separators & much more. Apply those settings on a global or page specific level.

Fully Customizable Mega Menu – Customize both the standard and mobile menu, create wide or normal sub-menus at the same time, choose wide menu layout with or without icons. Add widgets to one of the columns of the wide menu and create any layout you want. Create awesome one-page web sites using anchors in the menu.

Left Menu – Choose a left menu instead of the top header and create beautiful portfolio websites. View an example of a left menu website by clicking on Live Preview. You can make it transparent (text will have dark/light skin variations on each slide change). You can choose a background image to fit the whole Left Menu area. All of that on a global or per page level.

Fullscreen Menu – Easily enable the beautiful Fullscreen Menu which opens when you click on the 3-bar (hamburger) icon in the header (if enabled). You can also upload a separate logo version to appear in the full screen menu.

Section Video Background – Add full width video backgrounds to sections and set different pattern images for each section.

Fixed Header – You can set header to be fixed, and set it to shrink on page scroll.

Sticky Header – You can set header to be sticky and control the scroll amount (relative to the top of the page) at which the sticky header will appear. If there is a slider on the page, then the height of the slider is the default “scroll amount” for the appearance of the sticky header.

Sticky Header With Menu On Bottom – Same as the sticky header, the only difference is that the menu is on the bottom of the header with a different layout

Different Logo versions – Different logo versions for initial and sticky headers, as well as for dark and light header skins, the mobile menu, and more.

Qode Search Field – You can turn the search functionality on/off. When the search is enabled a search button will be displayed on the right side of menu. Choose from a collection of search types.

Content / Section Menu – This menu is built from page rows/sections. Content menu allows creation of one page websites, or pages with their own separate navigation.

Footer – Choose from 1 to 4 columns in the footer, and set it to be with “unfold” functionality or regular

AJAX Animations ON/OFF – Choose between 4 fluid AJAX animated transitions between pages for a creative experience, or turn AJAX off to create a classic website. Besides the predefined animations, create your own scenario by choosing separate animation types for each page individually.

CSS3 Animations – Choose from our collection of fluid CSS3 animations, carefully designed for a smooth and seamless experience.

WPBakery Page Builder for WordPress ($46 value) included free – The drag-and-drop WPBakery Page Builder for WordPress will save you tons of time working on your site content. Now you’ll be able to create complex layouts within minutes!

LayerSlider Responsive WordPress Slider Plugin ($25 value) included free – Create a responsive (mobile friendly) or fullwidth slider with must-see-effects

Slider Revolution Responsive WordPress Plugin ($29 value) included free – Build modern and responsive slider presentations quickly and with ease. To learn more about what you can achieve with the Slider Revolution, check out the extensive Slider Revolution tutorial

Timetable Responsive Schedule For WordPress Plugin ($26 value) included free – Create a beautiful timetable view of your events in minutes

Bonus Parallax Pages – BRIDGE comes with an amazing bonus feature – easy to create Parallax pages, perfect for presentations, microsites or a new homepage.

WooCommerce Ready – BRIDGE comes with complete support for the WooCommerce e-commerce plugin, which enables you to sell your products online. Style your shop pages easily through our admin interface.

Interactive Elements – Counters, pie charts, horizontal progress bars, icon progress bars, elements with animation, graph charts, and more.

Custom Post Formats – BRIDGE supports the following custom blog post formats: Standard, Gallery, Link, Quote, Video, Audio

Qode Carousel – A full-width carousel slider plugin. Perfect for displaying your clients, or for any other presentational purpose.

Portfolio – Choose between 7 different portfolio single layouts and 7 different portfolio list layouts. Set a desired number of columns for each portfolio list, and choose one of our amazing portfolio list hover animation types.

Blog Layouts – Choose the best look for your blog. BRIDGE comes with a large collection of blog layouts, all carefully crafted and easy to add to any page.

Blog Masonry Layout – Make your blog page display in an amazing masonry layout

Blog Vertical Loop Layout – A full page blog layout that cycles through posts with the click of a button.

One Page Sites – Easily add one page navigation to your homepage, or to multiple pages on your website. Use anchor links to connect menu items to various sections, and tell your story with style.

Full Screen Sections Layout – Create full screen sections with bullet navigation and scroll through functionality.

Vertical Split Screen Sections – The Vertical Split Screen shortcode allows you to create an amazing layout that resembles a vertical slider. Split the screen into two sections, and combine useful information with eye-catching images.

Landing Page – Use the Landing Page template to notify users about maintenance, or build pre-launch anticipation and buzz around your website.

Add Custom Styles – No need to wallow through lines of code just to add your own custom css. We’ve embedded a custom css field in the Qode Options panel to make your life easier.

Retina Ready – BRIDGE includes high resolution icons. With BRIDGE your website will look awesome on high density Retina displays and high resolution screens.

Smooth Scroll – This theme includes an option to set smooth scroll ON/OFF (For Chrome and Opera browsers)

Multiple Sidebars – Create unlimited custom sidebars and choose them on a global or post/page level

Side Menu – BRIDGE comes with an side menu widget area, with an invisible scroller implemented. Also, it automatically closes after a certain amount of scroll or when the close button is clicked.

Gravity Forms CSS – Use the most popular premium forms plugin with our theme.

Contact Form 7 CSS – Use the most popular free forms plugin with our theme.

Fully Customizable Google Maps Add Google Maps to your pages and customize their style to match your website aesthetic. Add multiple addresses and custom map pins.

Masonry Gallery With the Masonry Gallery you can create a stunning layout of links that lead to any page on your website. Add background images, buttons, text, and more to each Masonry Gallery item.

Modern, Professional Design – This theme is designed by a team of professional designers focused on user-experience and unique design style.

Fully Responsive – BRIDGE is a fully responsive Wordpress theme and works perfectly on all screen sizes and mobile devices.

Extremely Customizable – Unlimited colors and sizes for all elements, 600+ Google fonts, and a robust backend offer a solution for a variety of business or personal uses.

Flexible Layout – Use one of our demo layouts or create your own visually different experience using our modular shortcodes and feature-rich backend.

Modular Shortcodes – Get creative with unlimited combinations of easy-to-use shortcodes and quickly create any type of page you like.

Passepartout Border – Add a border around your website and make it look like a beautifully framed image. The passepartout functionality comes with an extensive set of options to customize it to your needs.

3 Icon Packs – Why be satisfied with just one set of icons when you can have three! Choose between the Font Awesome, Font Elegant, and Linea icon packs.

Social – Enable social media icons and easy share functionality with the click of a button. Use the available social media icons or upload your own.

Parallax Layers – Use the Parallax Layers shortcode to create amazing multilayered sections that follow the movement of the mouse.

One-Click Demo Import – Import whole demo content, and set up your web site to look just like any of our demo examples in one click

WPML Ready – Fully compatible with the WPML multilingual plugin – create multilingual web sites

RTL Ready – RTL languages support

Translation Ready – BRIDGE is fully prepared for translation to any language using po & mo files

Search Engine Optimized – Search engines will easily index any page of your website because of the integrated search engine support. Set meta keywords and description for each individual page and increase SEO ranking.

Perfect Code – Coded in HTML5, CCS3 and jQuery, this skillfully constructed theme is 100% valid.

Modular Contact Page – BRIDGE comes with a predefined contact page template. You can set any combination using Google maps, a Contact Form and regular content.

Child Theme Ready – Create your own child theme by starting from the included dummy child theme.

Professional and fast support – Our support team can’t wait to help you. Just submit a ticket to our support forum and one of our highly professional and expertly trained support consultants will be there to lend a hand

---
## [Kollieflower/Artifact2](https://github.com/Kollieflower/Artifact2)@[f81bd60ab7...](https://github.com/Kollieflower/Artifact2/commit/f81bd60ab747fbafae6e87d3470bbcabab372db7)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 19:50:37 by Felix

Path of the Dreamer, Path of the Bold, Rebel Rabble Rouser, Claszureme Hourglass, Venomancer, Essence Font, Incarnation of Selemene, Sheep Stick, Terrapin Channeler, Sand King, Toss, Screeching Harpy, Theiving Greevil, Greevil Bronco, Greevil Eggtender, Spirited Greevil, Dragon Knight, Wraith King, Keefe, Reckless Charge, Mjollnir, Spirit Vessel, Holy Locket, In Full Bloom, Plague Hex

I dub this patch the "Whenever" Patch

---
## [MemeGang-Development/HentaiKremul](https://github.com/MemeGang-Development/HentaiKremul)@[58544168fa...](https://github.com/MemeGang-Development/HentaiKremul/commit/58544168fa5dd5675ad59dde1a734e94e13499dd)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 20:54:47 by Yaroslav Furman

fs: block MAGNETAR

Bye bye. We do not want anyone to fuck with throttling.

Signed-off-by: Yaroslav Furman <yaro330@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Henrique Pereira <hlcpereira@pixelexperience.org>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: DarkAngelGR <asavvo01@gmail.com>

---
## [mamedev/mame](https://github.com/mamedev/mame)@[791ad8dfde...](https://github.com/mamedev/mame/commit/791ad8dfde26dfca561bc3c1403b4b0699d26c6c)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 22:04:07 by r09

fmtowns_cd.xml: 26 new dumps, 24 replacements (#6838)

* fmtowns_cd.xml: 13 new dumps, 13 replacements

- New dumps from redump.org (working):

Akiko - Premium Version
Curse
Gambler - Queen's Cup
Gokuraku Mandala
Iris-tei Serenade
Marionette Mind
Mirage 2 - Torry, Neat & Roan Fairladies in MagicLand
Noushuku Angel 120%
Shamhat - The Holy Circlet (FM Towns Marty version)
Tenshin Ranma
The Manhole (1990-08-01)
Two Shot Diary

- New dumps from redump.org (not working):

True Heart

- Replaced entries with dumps from redump.org:

Alshark
Branmarker 2
Dragon Knight 4
Eimmy to Yobanaide
Evolution
Gunblaze
Igo II
Lesser Mern
Princess Maker 2
Rayxanber
Vastness - Kuukyo no Ikenie-tachi
Youjuu Senki 2 - Reimei no Senshi-tachi
Zenith

* fix sha1 (nw)

* fmtowns_cd.xml: 14 new dumps, 11 replacements

- New dumps from redump.org (working):

Cal III - Kanketsu-hen
Chiemi & Naomi
Eikan wa Kimi ni 2 - Koukou Yakyuu Zenkoku Taikai
FM Towns Application Catalog CD-ROM - Original Soft-hen
G5 (HMA-206)
Hyper Fetishism
Illust Hyakka - Yamashita Hideki no Ikiiki Cut-shuu
Jouhou Club - Card Processor Ver. 1.1
Mahjong Musashi
Manami no Doko made Iku no? 2 - Return of the Kuro Pack
Viper-V12 RS

- New dumps from redump.org (not working):

Pro Student G (ALS-0010)
Towns-Telop

- Replaced entries with dumps from redump.org:

4D Tennis
Arabesque - Shoujo-tachi no Orinasu Ai no Monogatari
Ayumi-chan Monogatari
Cal Towns
Custom Mate 2 & Itsuka dokoka de
Pro Student G (ALS-0004)
Space Rogue
The Atlas
Viper-V8 Turbo RS
Viper-V10 Turbo RS
YES! HG - Erotic Voice Version

---
## [ShockedCoder/Some-Bullshit](https://github.com/ShockedCoder/Some-Bullshit)@[fa60f79c47...](https://github.com/ShockedCoder/Some-Bullshit/commit/fa60f79c47a62faa89a42c3421f0308b8e1422e4)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 22:16:29 by Shocked Coder

My beautifiul theme for calmining

Fuck you, that's why

---
## [bazel-packages/org_llvm](https://github.com/bazel-packages/org_llvm)@[9fd7ce7f44...](https://github.com/bazel-packages/org_llvm/commit/9fd7ce7f4449619bc85ab4d2643e656836a2d5e2)
#### Saturday 2020-06-27 23:09:52 by Kristóf Umann

[analyzer][MallocChecker][NFC] Communicate the allocation family to auxiliary functions with parameters

The following series of refactoring patches aim to fix the horrible mess that MallocChecker.cpp is.

I genuinely hate this file. It goes completely against how most of the checkers
are implemented, its by far the biggest headache regarding checker dependencies,
checker options, or anything you can imagine. On top of all that, its just bad
code. Its seriously everything that you shouldn't do in C++, or any other
language really. Bad variable/class names, in/out parameters... Apologies, rant
over.

So: there are a variety of memory manipulating function this checker models. One
aspect of these functions is their AllocationFamily, which we use to distinguish
between allocation kinds, like using free() on an object allocated by operator
new. However, since we always know which function we're actually modeling, in
fact we know it compile time, there is no need to use tricks to retrieve this
information out of thin air n+1 function calls down the line. This patch changes
many methods of MallocChecker to take a non-optional AllocationFamily template
parameter (which also makes stack dumps a bit nicer!), and removes some no
longer needed auxiliary functions.

Differential Revision: https://reviews.llvm.org/D68162

---

# [<](2020-06-26.md) 2020-06-27 [>](2020-06-28.md)

