# [<](2020-05-31.md) 2020-06-01 [>](2020-06-02.md)

177,898 events, 89,193 push events, 141,912 commit messages, 11,545,198 characters


## [mawrick26/SDM845_10](https://github.com/mawrick26/SDM845_10)@[b82b84bca6...](https://github.com/mawrick26/SDM845_10/commit/b82b84bca6752daf84dbbdac1748788a1e059b72)
#### Monday 2020-06-01 22:01:11 by Peter Zijlstra

sched/core: Implement new approach to scale select_idle_cpu()

Hackbench recently suffered a bunch of pain, first by commit:

  4c77b18cf8b7 ("sched/fair: Make select_idle_cpu() more aggressive")

and then by commit:

  c743f0a5c50f ("sched/fair, cpumask: Export for_each_cpu_wrap()")

which fixed a bug in the initial for_each_cpu_wrap() implementation
that made select_idle_cpu() even more expensive. The bug was that it
would skip over CPUs when bits were consequtive in the bitmask.

This however gave me an idea to fix select_idle_cpu(); where the old
scheme was a cliff-edge throttle on idle scanning, this introduces a
more gradual approach. Instead of stopping to scan entirely, we limit
how many CPUs we scan.

Initial benchmarks show that it mostly recovers hackbench while not
hurting anything else, except Mason's schbench, but not as bad as the
old thing.

It also appears to recover the tbench high-end, which also suffered like
hackbench.

Tested-by: Matt Fleming <matt@codeblueprint.co.uk>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Chris Mason <clm@fb.com>
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Mike Galbraith <efault@gmx.de>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: hpa@zytor.com
Cc: kitsunyan <kitsunyan@inbox.ru>
Cc: linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
Cc: lvenanci@redhat.com
Cc: riel@redhat.com
Cc: xiaolong.ye@intel.com
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20170517105350.hk5m4h4jb6dfr65a@hirez.programming.kicks-ass.net
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>

---
## [Qwerty0x64/terminal](https://github.com/Qwerty0x64/terminal)@[fc8fff17db...](https://github.com/Qwerty0x64/terminal/commit/fc8fff17dbfefbfa38a60dd1239ded3813a8da21)
#### Monday 2020-06-01 22:32:24 by Josh Elster

Add startup task, setting to launch application on login (#4908)

<!-- Enter a brief description/summary of your PR here. What does it fix/what does it change/how was it tested (even manually, if necessary)? -->
## Summary of the Pull Request
This PR adds a new boolean global setting, startOnUserLogin, along with associated AppLogic to request enabling or disabling of the StartupTask. Added UAP5 extensions to AppX manifests. 
<!-- Other than the issue solved, is this relevant to any other issues/existing PRs? --> 
## References

#2189 

<!-- Please review the items on the PR checklist before submitting-->
## PR Checklist
* [x] Closes #2189
* [x] CLA signed. If not, go over [here](https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com/microsoft/Terminal) and sign the CLA
* [x] Tests added/passed
* [x] Requires documentation to be updated
* [x] I've discussed this with core contributors already. If not checked, I'm ready to accept this work might be rejected in favor of a different grand plan. Issue number where discussion took place: #2189

<!-- Provide a more detailed description of the PR, other things fixed or any additional comments/features here -->
## Detailed Description of the Pull Request / Additional comments
Please note, I'm a non-practicing C++ developer, there are a number of things I wasn't sure how to handle in the appropriate fashion, mostly around error handling and what probably looks like an incredibly naive (and messy) way to implement the async co_await behavior. 

Error handling-wise, I found (don't ask me how!) that if you somehow mismatch the startup task's ID between the manifest and the call to `StartupTask::GetAsync(hstring taskId)`, you'll get a very opaque WinRT exception that boils down to a generic invalid argument message. This isn't likely to happen in the wild, but worth mentioning...

I had enough trouble getting myself familiarized with the project, environment, and C++/WinRT in general didn't want to try to tackle adding tests for this quite yet since (as I mentioned) I don't really know what I'm doing. I'm happy to give it a try with perhaps a bit of assistance in getting started ðŸ˜ƒ 

Further work in this area of the application outside of this immediate PR might need to include adding an additional setting to contain launch args that the startup task can pass to the app so that users can specify a non-default profile to launch on start, window position (e.g., #653).

<!-- Describe how you validated the behavior. Add automated tests wherever possible, but list manual validation steps taken as well -->
## Validation Steps Performed

âœ”ï¸ Default settings:
Given the user does not have the `startOnUserLogin` setting in their profile.json,
When the default settings are opened (via alt+click on Settings), 
Then the global settings should contain the `"startOnUserLogin": false` token

âœ”ï¸ Applying setting on application launch
Given the `startOnUserLogin` is `true` and 
  the `Windows Terminal` startup task is `disabled` and 
  the application is not running
When the application is launched
Then the `Windows Terminal` entry in the user's Startup list should be `enabled`

âœ”ï¸ Applying setting on settings change
Given the `startOnUserLogin` is `true` and
  the `Windows Terminal` startup task is `enabled` and
  the application is running
When the `startOnUserLogin` setting is changed to `false` and
  the settings file is saved to disk
Then the `Windows Terminal` startup task entry should be `disabled`

âœ”ï¸ Setting is ignored when user has manually disabled startup
Given the `startOnUserLogin` is `true` and
  the application is not running and
  the `Windows Terminal` startup task has been set to `disabled` via user action
When the application is launched
Then the startup task should remain disabled and
  the application should not throw an exception

#### note: Task Manager does not seem to re-scan startup task states after launch; the Settings -> Apps -> Startup page also requires closing or moving away to refresh the status of entries

---
## [mewvenus/Hack-the-interview-IV](https://github.com/mewvenus/Hack-the-interview-IV)@[f57f2269d4...](https://github.com/mewvenus/Hack-the-interview-IV/commit/f57f2269d403111945f998f48baed763e14c4a55)
#### Monday 2020-06-01 22:46:33 by Tanyaporn Tamrongterakul

Create Arrange-Students

Credit: HackerRank
A classroom has several students, half of whom are boys and half of whom are girls. You need to arrange all of them in a line for the morning assembly such that the following conditions are satisfied:
- The students must be in order of non-decreasing height.
- Two boys or two girls must not be adjacent to each other.

You have been given the heights of the boys in the array b and the heights of the girls in the array g. Find out whether you can arrange them in an order which satisfies the given conditions. Print "YES" if it is possible, or "NO" if it is not.

For example, let's say there are n = 3 boys and n = 3 girls, where the boys' heights are b = [5,3,8] and the girls' heights are g = [2,4,6]. These students can be arranged in the order [g0,b1,g1,b0,g2,b2], which is [2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8]. Because this is in order of non-decreasing height, and no two boys or two girls are adjacent to each other, this satisfies the conditions. Therefore, the answer is "YES".

Input Format:
- The first line contains an integer, t, denoting the number of test cases.
- The first line of each test case contains an integer, n, denoting the number of boys and girls in the classroom.
- The second line of each test case contains n space separated integers, b1, b2, ...bn, denoting the heights of the boys.
- The third line of each test case contains n space separated integers, g1, g2, ...gn, denoting the heights of the girls.

Constraints:
- 1<=t<=10
-1<=n<=100

Output Format:
Print exactly t lines. In the ith of them, print a single line containing "YES" if it is possible to arrange the students in the ith test case, or "NO" if it is not.

---
## [zjdtmkhzt/goonstation](https://github.com/zjdtmkhzt/goonstation)@[b662436ddd...](https://github.com/zjdtmkhzt/goonstation/commit/b662436ddd50bc2d1fbb7c4cdeac421e28fa5f1b)
#### Monday 2020-06-01 23:05:46 by Flourish

Don't damn people for selling their souls; Hell kinda sucks.

---

# [<](2020-05-31.md) 2020-06-01 [>](2020-06-02.md)

