# [<](2020-08-12.md) 2020-08-13 [>](2020-08-14.md)

2,397,932 events, 1,197,440 push events, 1,891,279 commit messages, 136,417,790 characters


## [TheEgghead27/Eggbot](https://github.com/TheEgghead27/Eggbot)@[a30da4c07a...](https://github.com/TheEgghead27/Eggbot/commit/a30da4c07a4435f6eabbc8ceac930797adb403e1)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 00:48:57 by TheEgghead27

finalize cogs (fucking finally ive gone insane) (oh yeah thanks hp)

---
## [alkalinethunder/socially-distant](https://github.com/alkalinethunder/socially-distant)@[f3233b2d6b...](https://github.com/alkalinethunder/socially-distant/commit/f3233b2d6b63bee6af32422815bc28c023ab6442)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 02:22:07 by Michael VanOverbeek

It is not rahilu's yet, and it's stolen straight out of the worst wallpaper set from Peacenet, but now my shitty ass motherfucking code can draw images on the desktop's background surface and fade between them

---
## [BobaPearl/Cobbolds](https://github.com/BobaPearl/Cobbolds)@[dfbf877ba9...](https://github.com/BobaPearl/Cobbolds/commit/dfbf877ba92c711a0faa6603ae612fc0831bcfcb)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 05:03:18 by BobaPearl

Blast of Light Card

SLEEP FOR THE LUST OF ETERNAL AFFAIRS, TO RAISE OUR SPIRITS IN GREAT DESPAIR THROUGH THE ASHES OF OBLIVION. I DO SO MUCH WRITING AND DRAWING WHY CAN'T I JUST FOCUS ON SCHOOL, HOLY SHIT IM SO SCARED OF SCHOOL THANK GOD NO-ONE READS THESE.

---
## [ShanmugaGanesh1999/codechef-beginners](https://github.com/ShanmugaGanesh1999/codechef-beginners)@[72d8b2970f...](https://github.com/ShanmugaGanesh1999/codechef-beginners/commit/72d8b2970fa6a0addd9fa97ac51bbdc29b927d86)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 05:03:48 by Shanmuga Ganesh T

Chef and String 

There are N students standing in a row and numbered 1 through N from left to right. You are given a string S with length N, where for each valid i, the i-th character of S is 'x' if the i

-th student is a girl or 'y' if this student is a boy. Students standing next to each other in the row are friends.

The students are asked to form pairs for a dance competition. Each pair must consist of a boy and a girl. Two students can only form a pair if they are friends. Each student can only be part of at most one pair. What is the maximum number of pairs that can be formed?
Input

    The first line of the input contains a single integer T

denoting the number of test cases. The description of T
test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single string S

    .

Output

For each test case, print a single line containing one integer ― the maximum number of pairs.
Constraints

    1≤T≤100

1≤N≤105
|S|=N
S
contains only characters 'x' and 'y'
the sum of N
over all test cases does not exceed 3⋅105

Subtasks

Subtask #1 (100 points): original constraints
Example Input

3
xy
xyxxy
yy

Example Output

1
2
0

Explanation

Example case 1: There is only one possible pair: (first student, second student).

Example case 2: One of the ways to form two pairs is: (first student, second student) and (fourth student, fifth student).

Another way to form two pairs is: (second student, third student) and (fourth student, fifth student).

---
## [InfoTeddy/VVVVVV](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV)@[06cbb1fcdc...](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV/commit/06cbb1fcdcaf4551b2ec741db0ff16b0d84156f0)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 06:52:29 by Misa

Axe manual state trackers and use SDL_IsTextInputActive()

After looking at pull request #446, I got a bit annoyed that we have TWO
variables, key.textentrymode and ed.textentry, that we rolled ourselves
to track the state of something SDL already provides us a function to
easily query: SDL_IsTextInputActive(). We don't need to have either of
these two variables, and we shouldn't.

So that's what I do in this patch. Both variables have been axed in
favor of using this function, and I just made a wrapper out of it, named
key.textentry().

For bonus points, this gets rid of the ugly NO_CUSTOM_LEVELS and
NO_EDITOR ifdef in main.cpp, since text entry is enabled when entering
the script list and disabled when exiting it. This makes the code there
easier to read, too.

Now, you'd think there wouldn't be any downside to using
SDL_IsTextInputActive(). After all, it's a function that SDL itself
provides, right?

Wrong. For whatever reason, it seems like text input is active *from the
start of the program*, meaning that what would happen is I would go into
the editor, find that I can't move around nor place tiles nor anything
else, press Esc, and then suddenly become able to do those things I
wanted to do before.

I have no idea why the above happens, but all I can do is to just insert
an SDL_StopTextInput() immediately after the SDL_Init() in main.cpp.

---
## [InfoTeddy/VVVVVV](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV)@[2aa9041558...](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV/commit/2aa9041558858f864cba560e0618279839445644)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 06:58:35 by Misa

Axe manual state trackers and use SDL_IsTextInputActive()

After looking at pull request #446, I got a bit annoyed that we have TWO
variables, key.textentrymode and ed.textentry, that we rolled ourselves
to track the state of something SDL already provides us a function to
easily query: SDL_IsTextInputActive(). We don't need to have either of
these two variables, and we shouldn't.

So that's what I do in this patch. Both variables have been axed in
favor of using this function, and I just made a wrapper out of it, named
key.textentry().

For bonus points, this gets rid of the ugly NO_CUSTOM_LEVELS and
NO_EDITOR ifdef in main.cpp, since text entry is enabled when entering
the script list and disabled when exiting it. This makes the code there
easier to read, too.

Furthermore, apparently key.textentrymode was initialized to *true*
instead of false... for whatever reason. But that's gone now, too.

Now, you'd think there wouldn't be any downside to using
SDL_IsTextInputActive(). After all, it's a function that SDL itself
provides, right?

Wrong. For whatever reason, it seems like text input is active *from the
start of the program*, meaning that what would happen is I would go into
the editor, and find that I can't move around nor place tiles nor
anything else. Then I would press Esc, and then suddenly become able to
do those things I wanted to do before.

I have no idea why the above happens, but all I can do is to just insert
an SDL_StopTextInput() immediately after the SDL_Init() in main.cpp.

---
## [hotaki-lab/IBM-Machine-Learning](https://github.com/hotaki-lab/IBM-Machine-Learning)@[27358c3fb6...](https://github.com/hotaki-lab/IBM-Machine-Learning/commit/27358c3fb69fd796e9c01c34b05c8496f2058983)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 07:02:28 by H. Hotaki

Create README.md

This course dives into the basics of Machine Learning using an approachable, and well-known programming language, Python.  We will be reviewing two main components:

the purpose of Machine Learning and where it applies to the real world. 
a general overview of Machine Learning topics, such as supervised vs unsupervised learning,  model evaluation, and Machine Learning algorithms. 
In this course, you will practice with real-life examples of Machine Learning and see how it affects society in ways you may not have guessed!

By just putting in a few hours a week for the next several weeks, you'll gain:

new skills to add to your resume, such as Regression, Classification, Clustering, Sci-kit Learn and SciPy 
new projects that you can add to your portfolio, including cancer detection, predicting economic trends, predicting customer churn, recommendation engines, and many more.
a certificate in machine learning to prove your competency, and share it anywhere you like online or offline, such as LinkedIn profiles and social media.

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[721f75cad7...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/721f75cad773276b8aa9583431cc7fd3bb7a2ca2)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 07:46:55 by Saqib Ali

Job Application for Scientist, Clinical Biostatistician at Vedanta Biosciences. GDP monthly estimate (incoporating the Index of Services and Index of Production) - Office for National Statistics. PSI CRO Senior Statistician | SmartRecruiters. Apply for Statistician - Cambridge, United Kingdom - Scientific and Pharmaceuticals - 905 - Find a job, build a career. Clinical Epidemiology & Biostatistics (CEBU) | Murdoch Children's Research Institute. Coronavirus and the latest indicators for the UK economy and society - Office for National Statistics. Safety Statistician | Prestige Scientific. Job Description - Technical Project Manager - Statistical Data Modeling and R&D (2015432). Statistics | U.S. Department of Labor. “So the real scandal is: Why did anyone ever listen to this guy?” « Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science.

---
## [cossacklabs/themis](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis)@[5667efaebd...](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/commit/5667efaebddc9eb2e80cffe88a8137b18321031f)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 08:15:56 by Alexei Lozovsky

Add missing OpenSSL includes (#684)

* Add missing OpenSSL includes

Add those files use BIGNUM API of OpenSSL but do not include relevant
headers. Due to miraculous coincidence, this seems to somehow work for
the OpenSSL versions we use, but only because either existing headers
include this "bn.h" transitively, or because the compiler generates
code that kinda works without function prototype being available.

However, curiously enough, this breaks when building Themis for macOS
with recent OpenSSL 1.1.1g but not with OpenSSL 1.0.2, or OpenSSL 1.1.1g
on Linux. The issue manifests itself as missing "_BN_num_bytes" symbol.
Indeed, there is no such symbol because this function is implemented as
a macro via BN_num_bits(). However, because of the missing header, the
compiler -- being C compiler -- decides that this must be a function
"int BN_num_bytes()" and compiles it like a function call.

Add the missing includes to define the necessary macros and prototype,
resolving the issue with OpenSSL 1.1.1g. It must have stopped including
<openssl/bn.h> transitively, revealing this issue.

This is why you should always include and import stuff you use directly,
not rely on transitive imports.

P.S. A mystery for dessert: BoringSSL backend *includes* <openssl/bn.h>.

* Treat warnings as errors in Xcode

In order to prevent more silly issues in the future, tell Xcode to tell
the compiler to treat all warnings as errors. That way the build should
fail earlier, and the developers will be less likely to ignore warnings.

* Fix implicit cast warnings

Now that we treat warnings as errors, let's fix them.

themis_auth_sym_kdf_context() accepts message length as "uint32_t" while
it's callers use "size_t" to avoid early casts and temporary values.
However, the message length has been checked earlier and will fit into
"uint32_t", we can safely perform explicit casts here.

* Suppress documentation warnings (temporarily)

Some OpenSSL headers packaged with Marcin's OpenSSL that we use have
borked documentation comments. This has been pointed out several
times [1][2], but Marcin concluded this needs to be fixed upstream.

[1]: https://github.com/krzyzanowskim/OpenSSL/pull/79
[2]: https://github.com/krzyzanowskim/OpenSSL/pull/41

Meanwhile, having those broken headers breaks the build if the warnings
are treated as errors. Since we can't upgrade Marcin's OpenSSL due to
other reasons (bitcode support), we have no hope to resolve this issue.

For the time being, suppress the warnings about documentation comments.

* Fix more implicit cast warnings

There are more warnings actual only for 32-bit platforms. Some iOS
targets are 32-bit, we should avoid warnings there as well.

The themis_scell_auth_token_key_size() and
themis_scell_auth_token_passphrase_size() functions compute the size of
the autentication token from the header. They return uint64_t values to
avoid overflows when working with corrupted input data on the decryption
code path. However, they are also used on the encryption path where
corruption is not possible. Normally, authentication tokens are small,
they most definitely fit into uint32_t, and this is the type used in
Secure Cell data format internally.

It is not safe to assign arbitrary uint64_t to size_t on 32-bit
platforms. However, in this case we are sure that auth tokenn length
fits into uint32_t, which can be safely assigned to size_t.

Note that we cast into uint32_t, not size_t. This is to still cause
a warning on platforms with 16-bit size_t (not likely, but cleaner).

(cherry picked from commit 1ca96de89b66391114f615658fbc4819aa248b9b)

---
## [jamesmmm11/wallets-wellness-INC](https://github.com/jamesmmm11/wallets-wellness-INC)@[f78f92041e...](https://github.com/jamesmmm11/wallets-wellness-INC/commit/f78f92041e8db5ffa93e4455358724b176f75d25)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 10:24:53 by jamesmmm11

Update README.md



This project will shift trillions from HealthSCARE USA (central banks, ossified bureaucracies, governmental CORPS. -  and some of the other creepy unnecessary middlemen/women) to decentralized communities, builders thinkers/doers/yield farmers -  waste, fraud, abuse and outright corruption  
 
 

we have some cool memes, slogans, logos, narratives and other content ...we honestly believe that this ecosystem can provide a template to streamline those other 3 wasteful kingDUMBS (education, police, and MIC)  such that greater progress will be quickly forthcoming  

the first major shifting will involve incentivizing perfect health using a cryptocurrency (we really need lots of help here!)  

PPPS: many folk claim that much of the above will provide a negative shock to the economy  -  if you still have doubts about jobs after reading the second part of the primers above, here's the book project - https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/community-participation-required-james-mansfield   

PPPPS: not so ossified bureaucracies too! (But that is the nature of the blockchain: constant communication all around such that people in a community who are NOT working don't get paid!)  

 
 

Will we can do this now ! 

 
 

JM 9176572213

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[b9d6ff33fb...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/b9d6ff33fb1b8fdd9edce1a2d1d1b22cae3e955e)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 10:43:40 by Marko Grdinić

"11:10am. https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammingLanguages/comments/i8bjnb/do_you_care_about_theory/g1b6qgu?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x

I got up 30m ago and have been ranting on Reddit.

11:15am. Ok, today, I will definitely do some work. Just this morning, I had some ideas how to deal with constraints. In particular how to deal with their parsing.

11:25am. Let me do just a little and then I will have breakfast. I need to mention, but I also figured out how to fit in prototype constraints.

```fs
type TT =
    | KindStar
    | KindFun of TT * TT
    | KindMetavar of TT option ref
```

First of all, I am going to add special kinds for constraints.

```fs
type TT =
    | KindType
    | KindConstraint
    | KindFun of TT * TT
    | KindMetavar of TT option ref
```

I will have constrainds end in `KindConstraint`. No need to use two different type environments for them.

```fs
type ConstraintId =
    | CINumber
    | CIRecordApply

type Constraint =
    | CNumber
    | CRecordApply of T * T
```

```fs
| TyConstraint of ConstraintId * TT
```

Now this is a case in `T`.

I will make a function to convert `T -> Constraint`.

```fs
type ConstraintId =
    | CINumber // * -> /
    | CIRecordApply // * -> * -> * -> /
```

I am using `/` to denote `KindConstraint`.

```fs
type ConstraintId =
    | CINumber // * -> /
    | CIRecordApply // * -> * -> * -> /

let id_to_kind x =
    let (^) a b = KindFun(a,b) // ^ is right assoc
    match x with
    | CINumber -> KindType ^ KindConstraint
    | CIRecordApply -> KindType ^ KindType ^ KindType ^ KindConstraint
```

11:35am. Let me do it like this. Maybe in the future I will have other functions that compose constraints, so I will integrate constraint kinds with regular typechecking. This will also allow me to reuse the type parser.

Actually, that last thing was one of the things giving me a headache.

I really need to find a way not to have to come up with an entirely new system just for constraints and this fits the bill.

11:50am. Ok, `or` constraints are out. If the constraints are just about validation they would be doable, but I have beasts like `record_apply` which significantly impact the type of constraint.

I think later on, I am going to add a bunch of constraints to differentiate `int`s from `uint`s and `float`s. Things like `record` and `symbol` as well. Those should all be constraints.

Also prototypes will each have their own constraint.

I won't bother with anything too complex though. In the past I thought of doing mapping constraints, but I am going to steer clear of that. Constraints should be simple.

12pm. I am going to ignore prototype constraints for the time being. Maybe it would be better to just not have them, as the way they are resolved is complex. With prototypes, the outer foralls can have extra constraints not in the type signature.

In a way prototype constraints are mapping constraints.

...Actually I see a way to do it. It won't be too hard.

```fs
let rec visit_t = function
    | TyMetavar(_, {contents=Some x} & link) as a -> let x = visit_t x in link := Some x; x
    | a -> a
```

Oh, it is possible to pattern match on reference like this. This is great. You learn something new every day it seems.

```fs
let rec visit_tt = function
    | KindMetavar({contents=Some x} & link) -> let x = visit_tt x in link := Some x; x
    | a -> a

let rec visit_t = function
    | TyMetavar(_,{contents=Some x} & link) -> let x = visit_t x in link := Some x; x
    | a -> a
```

I should consider adding a pattern for a reference cell at some point, the same for arrays, but nevermind that for now.

It is really too bad that `!` is taken by active patterns.

Seriously though, maybe I should just remove them. The active patterns I have now are not even good as F#'s. In the past I've mostly used them to `dyn`, and now I have better things for that.

...Ok, what I am going to do is reserve `*` for reference cell dereferencing. I'll also use unary `*` at the term level for that. That will deal with my problems.

...Actually no wait. Am I dumb? Active patterns are exactly what I need to deref reference cells.

```
inl f (!deref (Some: x)) = ...
```

I need better active patterns though. The regular ones are no good. Maybe I will later put in the `on_succ` and `on_fail` versions of them.

...No, active patterns are no good.

12:20pm. Agh, no I am getting distracted by this. The issue of ref cells is that the partial evaluator does not remember them, so derefing twice will get different results. But...if it is just the option type then things would be fine.

12:25pm. Ok, let me stop here. My intention was to slack in the morning, but instead I've started thinking about dereferencing ref cells in patterns.

```fs
let rec subst (m : Map<string,T>) x =
    let f = subst m
    let fun_body a b = subst (Map.add (fst a) (TyVar a) m) b
    match x with
    | TyMetavar _ | TyHigherOrder _ | TyB | TyPrim _ | TySymbol _ -> x
    | TyPair(a,b) -> TyPair(f a, f b)
    | TyRecord l -> TyRecord(Map.map (fun _ -> f) l)
    | TyFun(a,b) -> TyFun(f a, f b)
    | TyArray a -> TyArray(f a)
    | TyApply(a,b,c) -> TyApply(f a, f b, c)
    | TyVar(a,_) -> m.[a]
    | TyForall(a,b) -> TyForall(a, fun_body a b)
    | TyInl(a,b) -> TyInl(a, fun_body a b)
```

The first thing I will redesign when it is time to get started again is this. Since I no longer have string for vars, I am going to have to do it one by using reference eqaulity. This is the first thing I am going to change.

Well, alternatively, I could always just pass in a dictionary rather than rebuilding this multiple times. Or I could use a list of vars and try to pick it over.

```fs
let fun_body a b = subst (Map.add (fst a) (TyVar a) m) b
```

Since all the vars have unique references I do not actually have to modify them in any way.

```fs
let rec subst (m : (Var * T) list) x =
    let f = subst m
    match x with
    | TyConstraint _ | TyMetavar _ | TyHigherOrder _ | TyB | TyPrim _ | TySymbol _ -> x
    | TyPair(a,b) -> TyPair(f a, f b)
    | TyRecord l -> TyRecord(Map.map (fun _ -> f) l)
    | TyFun(a,b) -> TyFun(f a, f b)
    | TyArray a -> TyArray(f a)
    | TyApply(a,b,c) -> TyApply(f a, f b, c)
    | TyVar a -> List.tryPick (fun (v,x) -> if Object.ReferenceEquals(a,v) then Some x else None) m |> Option.defaultValue x
    | TyForall(a,b) -> TyForall(a, f b)
    | TyInl(a,b) -> TyInl(a, f b)
```

Decided to do this now. Let me just do this. I do not need an actual map since at most I will be substituting a few vars at a time. This is the ideal way.

12:40pm. I am just getting lost in thought. Let me commit here."

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[196c1a0da8...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/196c1a0da87a668da7d22787a91c3ab2aed8d8e0)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 13:36:26 by Marko Grdinić

"1:55pm. Just a bit more and I will start.

2:20pm. Let me start. From here on out, I will aim to refocus on the task at hand. The amount of work left to be done is intimidating, but I will cover it.

After `subst` the next function is `infer`.

```fs
let infer (aux : AuxEnv) (top_env : Env) (env : Env) x : T =
    let errors = ResizeArray()
    let term' = ResizeArray()
    let kind = ResizeArray()
    let forall_scopes = System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary()
```

That `forall_scope` dictionary always sat poorly by me, and I was not in thinking that wrong. I also won't need those arrays for terms and kinds.

When I studied unification in 2017, the Haskell and the ML versions used a map in order to store ids. At least, I think that was how it was, so I just based it on my memory.

This scheme would work, but clearly just having a reference directly in the metavariable is far superior as a scheme.

```fs
let fresh_kind () = let x = KindMetavar kind.Count in kind.Add(x); x
```

I do not need to keep track of counts for the kinds anymore. The same goes for regular vars.

```fs
let fresh_kind () = KindMetavar (ref None)
```

This is all I need.

```fs
let fresh_var x = TyMetavar (x, ref None)
```

Let me make it like so for now.

```fs
    let rec kind_get i =
        match kind.[i] with
        | KindMetavar i' as x -> if i <> i' then let x = kind_get i' in kind.[i] <- x; x else x
        | x -> kind_subst x
    and kind_subst = function
        | KindMetavar i -> kind_get i
        | KindFun(a,b) -> KindFun(kind_subst a,kind_subst b)
        | KindStar -> KindStar
```

Let me adjust this.

```fs
    let rec kind_subst = function
        | KindMetavar ({contents=Some x} & link) -> let x = kind_subst x in link := Some x; x
        | KindFun(a,b) -> KindFun(kind_subst a,kind_subst b)
        | x -> x
```

Yeah, this should be like so. I know I did those visit functions, but this does in depth substitution. I am not sure whether I want this, but it will be convenient when it comes to doing the occurs check and such. For regular unification I would trigger this.

```fs
        | TyRecordApply(a,b) ->
            match f a, f b with
            | TyRecord l, TySymbol x ->
                match Map.tryFind x l with
                | Some x -> x
                | None -> errors.Add(r,RecordIndexFailed x); fresh_var()
            | (TyRecord _ | TyVar _ | TyMetavar _) & a, (TySymbol _ | TyVar _ | TyMetavar _) & b -> TyRecordApply(a,b)
            | (TyRecord _ | TyVar _ | TyMetavar _), b -> errors.Add(r,ExpectedSymbolAsRecordKey b); fresh_var()
            | a,_ -> errors.Add(r,ExpectedRecord a); fresh_var()
```

Let me get this thing out. This should come in the constraint somewhere.

```fs
    let rec term_subst r x =
        let f = term_subst r
```

Ah, yes. I went adding the range for this everywhere.

```fs
    let rec term_subst r x =
        let f = term_subst r
        match x with
        | TyConstraint _ | TyVar _ | TyHigherOrder _ | TyB | TyPrim _ | TySymbol _ as x -> x
        | TyPair(a,b) -> TyPair(f a, f b)
        | TyRecord l -> TyRecord(Map.map (fun _ -> f) l)
        | TyFun(a,b) -> TyFun(f a, f b)
        | TyForall(a,b) -> TyForall(a,f b)
        | TyArray a -> TyArray(f a)
        | TyApply(a,b,c) -> TyApply(f a, f b, c)
        | TyInl(a,b) -> TyInl(a,f b)
        | TyMetavar(i,{contents=Some x} & link) -> let x = f x in link := Some x; x
        | TyMetavar((_,cons,_,_) & i, link) -> eval_constraints cons x
```

Oh, shit. It is only now that I've come this far, that I really understand in how much shit I am.

Oh crap. How is the set supposed to compare variables when they do not have unique ids?

Even worse. It completely slipped my mind that forall vars need to be fully specified ahead of time. What if its constraints are metavariables?

I did not think about this at all.

3:15pm. Oh crap. I am making a breakthrough in my understanding of constraints, but all this is making me realize is just how impossible the record apply is.

I can't typecheck it. Even if the metavar ids in constraints or metavars in constraints in foralls weren't an issue, it would still be too difficult. Like, with nested functions, the constraints would not be enough to capture what I need.

3:20pm. No, it is not that it can't be done. It is that `record_apply` as a constraint does not make sense. Rather what I need is a partial record constraint.

Something like

```
forall x r {record_field .a x}.
```

Instead of having the constraint be on the result of record apply, it needs to be on the record itself. Then it would work.

An alternative way of doing it that is more generic.

```
forall x s {symbol} r {record_field s x}.
```

Using this signature I could make the record apply function.

3:25pm. That having said, there is still the can of worms that are metavariables in constraints.

3:30pm. No, not even this would work.

3:35pm. Ok, as much as I want dependent constraints in order to be able to do record application at the type level, I will abandon the idea if it turns out to be too unworkable.

Let me step away from the screen for a while. I really thought I would do some significant programming, but it seems I am going back to brainstorming.

It is like I can only think so far into the future without actually sitting down and doing.

The hand does the office of the mind. This is an example of that saying in action.

At worst, maybe I will just do single parameter constraints. That would be useful and really easy to deal with."

---
## [CHEF-KOCH/Chromium-hardening](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/Chromium-hardening)@[6e8b5376e1...](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/Chromium-hardening/commit/6e8b5376e1d2d1c5e1d84221c5df20948ed4040b)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 14:25:51 by CHEF-KOCH

Disable domain-only URLs in Chrome 86 / Canary

Background:
https://www.theverge.com/2020/8/13/21366162/google-chrome-domain-name-only-url-experiment-scams-hacks-86

Why is it disabled when full URLs can be toggled on by right clicking the address bar?
1.) The reason is that I do not see any improvements, you can obfuscate markdown/telegram links which you cannot look behind unless you hover over links (desktop only) or click on them, most people never do that or are on mobile.
2.) An extra click seems not much but can be annoying (in case you want to see the entire URL)
3.) I do not see how this fights "phishing and social engineering attacks" even if you check the URL afterwards i's maybe already to late because you're already on a fake domain.

---
## [FyreByrns/Pilot](https://github.com/FyreByrns/Pilot)@[407f5c9e55...](https://github.com/FyreByrns/Pilot/commit/407f5c9e554e929551880d890ead7b1abab8c73f)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 14:47:00 by KakekAFromNowherE

Delete Living_umbrella.png

Fucking sucks ass and im making one im falling in love with

---
## [FiveManiaGit/storage](https://github.com/FiveManiaGit/storage)@[b1f0191fef...](https://github.com/FiveManiaGit/storage/commit/b1f0191fef86c2b37ff435764b5ec16093a745b2)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 15:13:40 by Davi Rafael

Yeah idk, I just found this shit in my images.

I just slept for 2 hours this night so I think I may've downloaded this really recently.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d8e9bd9b6f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d8e9bd9b6f87db588a93d3ae2255b426cfc71507)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 15:59:11 by Marko Grdinić

"5:05pm. Done with both lunch and thinking.

I've come to a decision. All dependent constraints are out. That means no `record_field` or `record_apply`.

Furthermore, prototype constraints won't be dependent.

```
prototype qwe a b c = ...
inl f {qwe} ...
```

Only the first parameter will have constraints associated with it. The inner constraints, like in list equality from Wadler's paper will only apply to the first parameter. That will simplify thing with regard to prototypes. In all respects they will be single parameter typeclasses.

Now, I've decided what I can use to substitute record application. I will do a split function whose signature is:

`forall (f : * -> *) a. tensor (f a) -> f (tensor a)`

The way it will be used is that I will make some nominal like...

```
nominal dim t = {a : t; b : t; c : t}
inl g _ =
    inl d = dim {a=1; b=2; c=3}
    inl {a b c} = tensor_init dim |> split
    a ! 0 + b ! 0 + c ! 0
```

This will do nicely. The important thing is not that I can apply dimensions, but that I can split them. Of course, you can always write something erroneous like...

```
nominal dim t = {a : t; b : t; c : i32}
inl g _ =
    inl d = dim {a=1; b=2; c=3}
    inl {a b c} = tensor_init dim |> split
    a ! 0 + b ! 0 + c ! 0
```

I'll have to do some checking in the `split` function to make sure that the body of `f a` is a record and that the result matches what one would expect to come out based on the signature. But that is an easy job for the partial evaluator.

This kind of scheme is an acceptable compromise.

```fs
let id_to_kind x =
    let (^) a b = KindFun(a,b) // ^ is right assoc
    match x with
    | CINumber -> KindType ^ KindConstraint
    | CIRecordApply -> KindType ^ KindType ^ KindType ^ KindConstraint

type Constraint =
    | CNumber
    | CRecordApply of T * T
```

Let me get rid of record apply. Constraints should be simple after all. All the constrains from here on out will only need to be evaluated when the metavar unifies with a principal type. One thing that really stressed me out is that I would have needed to constantly go through the constraint set otherwise in the term subst. That was just nasty.

What I have in mind is just too hard.

```fs
type ConstraintId =
    | CINumber // * -> /

let id_to_kind x =
    let (^) a b = KindFun(a,b) // ^ is right assoc
    match x with
    | CINumber -> KindType ^ KindConstraint

type Constraint =
    | CNumber
```

So it is just number for now. That is acceptable.

```fs
    let rec term_subst x =
        match x with
        | TyMetavar(i,{contents=Some x} & link) -> let x = term_subst x in link := Some x; x
        | TyMetavar _ | TyConstraint _ | TyVar _ | TyHigherOrder _ | TyB | TyPrim _ | TySymbol _ as x -> x
        | TyPair(a,b) -> TyPair(term_subst a, term_subst b)
        | TyRecord l -> TyRecord(Map.map (fun _ -> term_subst) l)
        | TyFun(a,b) -> TyFun(term_subst a, term_subst b)
        | TyForall(a,b) -> TyForall(a,term_subst b)
        | TyArray a -> TyArray(term_subst a)
        | TyApply(a,b,c) -> TyApply(term_subst a, term_subst b, c)
        | TyInl(a,b) -> TyInl(a,term_subst b)
```

I'll have to get rid of the ranges I am passing into the call to `term_subst` when I refactored it for record apply.

But I'll replace a bunch of those calls with `visit_t` anyway. I'll refactor it all in turn. It is fine.

5:35pm. Now, I am actually pretty tired so I will call it a day here. I do not feel like programming anymore.

5:40pm. At any rate, now that I finally resolved the whole record apply issue by replacing it with `split` and decided to kick out dependent constraints, things will be much easier for me. At this point the type system design feels completely coherent. I should not have any surprises tomorrow.

5:45pm. Right now I am thinking whether I want to allow nominal and union's type parameters to have constraints.

It might be useful. Well, I'll leave this feature for later. It would not be hard to add either way.

It is not the kind of thing that would give me lack of sleep like dependent constraints.

5:55pm. I am still thinking about it. I need to reinitialize myself anyway so let me close here. Today I wanted to start, but my pace was distrupted. Tomorrow I will get this thing going."

---
## [aridhia/demo-rct](https://github.com/aridhia/demo-rct)@[458d460faa...](https://github.com/aridhia/demo-rct/commit/458d460faa629aacc8521135eeb0f07ea353647e)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 18:40:36 by annadom

############################################################################################################################
#It merges and cleans several csv files to create a dataset that contains pre-randomisation data (baseline characteristics)#
############################################################################################################################

#PACKAGES

library(readr)
library(dplyr)
library(Hmisc)

source("./demo_rct/scripts/function.r")

#SUBJECT DATASET
subject_char <- read_csv("./demo_rct/trial_data/tbla_Subjects.csv") %>%
    #Applying the two functions to make general changes
    basic_edit() %>%
    col_class() %>%
    #Calculate age in years; in the original csv file it was defined as days from the day of randomisation
    mutate(
        #Create a variable for age
        age = studydaydob / -365.25,
    )

# DISEASE HISTORY DATASET
crohn_history <- read_csv("./demo_rct/trial_data/tbla_CrohnsHistory.csv") %>%
    #General changes using the functions defined previously
    basic_edit() %>%
    col_class()

# Variables that can be droped - incomplete or not used at all during the analysis

variables_drop <- c("studydayfromdaterandomised", "studydaydob", "studydaymonthsfromfirstsymptoms", "studydaymonthsfromoperation1", "operation1bowelresected", "studydaymonthsfromoperation2", "operation2bowelresected", "studydaymonthsfromoperation3", "operation3bowelresected", "timenomedicationmm", "timenomedicationyy", "timefiveasamm", "timefiveasayy", "timesteroidsmm", "timesteroidsyy")

# Merge the two dataset imported before
baseline <- merge(subject_char, crohn_history, all = TRUE)
# Dropping the variables defined previously as variables_drop
baseline <- baseline[, !colnames(baseline) %in% variables_drop]

#CONVERSION OF SOME VARIABLES INTO FACTORS

# Imorting Trial Master Lists with information of the coding of factors
status <- read_csv("./demo_rct/trial_data/tbla_TrialStatusMasterList.csv")

# Factor variables with options yes/no coded as 1/2
factors_yn <- function(x) (factor(x, levels = c(1,2), labels = c("Yes", "No")))
yn <- c("smoker", "sixmp", "stricturoplasty", "otherdisease", "familyhistoryibd" , "azathioprine", "previousinfliximab", "methotrexate", "othercorticosteroids",
        "fiveasa", "topicaltreatments", "arthralgia", "iritis", "fissure", "otherfistula")

# Factor variables of symptoms categorized into 4 levels
factor_symptoms <- function(x) (factor(x, levels = c(0,1,2,3), labels = c("None", "Mild", "Moderate", "Severe")))
symptoms <- c("pain", "diarrhoea", "anorexia", "fever", "bleeding")

# Creating final dataset mutating those variables that need to be converted into factors
baseline <- baseline %>%
    # Add lebels to factorial variables and generate new variables from the existing ones
    mutate(
        # Factor using trial master lists
        treatmentno = factor(treatmentno, levels = c(1,2), labels = c("Treatment", "Placebo")),
        trialstatusid = factor(trialstatusid, levels = status$TrialStatusID, labels = status$TrialStatusText),
        # Manually generated factors - labels extracted from annonymised data dictionary
        gender = factor(gender, levels = c("F", "M"), labels = c("Female", "Male")),
        tpmt = factor(tpmt, levels = c(1,2), labels = c("Normal", "Heterozygous")),
        diagnosisage = factor(diagnosisage, levels = c("A1", "A2", "A3"), labels = c("<16", "17-40", ">40")),
        diseaselocation = factor(diseaselocation, levels = c("L1", "L2", "L3"), labels = c("Ileal", "Colonic", "Ileaocolonic")),
        diseasebehaviour = factor(diseasebehaviour, levels = c("B1", "B2", "B3"), labels = c("Non stricturing, Non penetrating", "Stricturing", "Penetrating")),
        # New variables that are easier to study
        age_diagnosis = case_when(diagnosisage == "<16" ~ "<=40", diagnosisage == "17-40" ~ "<=40", age > ">40" ~ ">40"),
        # 6-MP (Mercaptopurine) and Azathioprine are both Thiopurines
        thiopurines = ifelse(sixmp == 1 | azathioprine == 1, "Yes", "No"),
        # Surgery coded as yes/no variable. In the original dataset operationnumber = 1 coded for no previous surgery
        surgery = ifelse(operationnumber == 1, "No", "Yes"),
        # Previous treatment with infliximab or methotrexate
        infliximab_methotrexate = ifelse(previousinfliximab == 1 | methotrexate == 1, "Yes", "No"),
        #Converting months from diagnosis into years
        disease_duration = ifelse(studydaymonthsfromdiagnosis/-12 <= 1, "< 1", "> 1"),
        years_duration = studydaymonthsfromdiagnosis/-12
    ) %>%
    #Change to factors from the lists
    mutate_at(symptoms, factor_symptoms) %>%
    mutate_at(yn, factors_yn)

# Saving csv file
write.csv(baseline, "./demo_rct/results/baseline_factors.csv", row.names = FALSE)

---
## [hackerspace-silesia/cebulany-manager](https://github.com/hackerspace-silesia/cebulany-manager)@[8b9ebe2f56...](https://github.com/hackerspace-silesia/cebulany-manager/commit/8b9ebe2f5665e8e8e0594265150a56751db3de57)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 19:10:11 by Marek Piechula

add product-done docker-compose and dockerfiles and migration fixes (fuck you alembic!)

---
## [fjankowsk/PINT](https://github.com/fjankowsk/PINT)@[88d58fdd49...](https://github.com/fjankowsk/PINT/commit/88d58fdd49f930eb636b5e108910b57c809c7456)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 20:25:50 by Anne Archibald

Removed all data downloading during install

* Rearranged setup.py and .travis.yml

* Streamlined ephemeris loading:

Successful ephemeris loads are remembered so other URLs
don't need to be searched if they are requested again.

Failed ephemeris loads are remembered so we don't need
to exhaustively hammer the servers looking for them every
time they are requested.

All kernel searches pass through load_kernel.

* Make erfautils load IERS data lazily; add no-network test script

* Make Travis check whether it can reach the NANOGrav server

* Added test script without NANOGrav and JPL

This produces an environment close to what Travis experiences
when the NANOGrav server is broken.

* Added ability to run tests without ephem server

All tests that actually need the ephemeris server are now
marked with the nose attribute `ephem_server`, so now you
can run all tests that don't need it with `make ephemfree`.
Also added a Travis run for just those tests.

---
## [endlessm/eos-desktop-extension](https://github.com/endlessm/eos-desktop-extension)@[b3f7b63775...](https://github.com/endlessm/eos-desktop-extension/commit/b3f7b637759841a3a074dc410ec236f6b9829f81)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 20:43:54 by Georges Basile Stavracas Neto

layout: Force disconnect from overview when hidden

Disabling the extension destroys the app grid clones, which
also destroys the AppDisplay instances. However, AppDisplay
doesn't disconnect itself from Main.overview, which is pretty
sad for us.

I'd like to stress out that this is a massive, life shattering
hack, and that I have a special place in all concepts of hell
for writing this code.

---
## [Nogarx/MutantYearZero_FoundryVTT](https://github.com/Nogarx/MutantYearZero_FoundryVTT)@[728a779c25...](https://github.com/Nogarx/MutantYearZero_FoundryVTT/commit/728a779c25fa9fc490313993dd2bc52a4b775916)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 20:48:30 by Nogarx

Merge pull request #34 from Nogarx/code_development

I hate my life

---
## [BiggieoSteveo/Clear-Skies](https://github.com/BiggieoSteveo/Clear-Skies)@[a34b10ba34...](https://github.com/BiggieoSteveo/Clear-Skies/commit/a34b10ba3461386f344f3be511a51cf0058b72d0)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 22:46:22 by BiggieoSteveo

GDP redoo (windows tried to fuck my push over)

fuck you bill gates

---
## [Operator873/Darkness](https://github.com/Operator873/Darkness)@[43b9188720...](https://github.com/Operator873/Darkness/commit/43b9188720f3023c05f55429b9d794459cc47f1b)
#### Thursday 2020-08-13 23:41:40 by Operator873

Add disclaimer for idiot sysops

I pains me that I actually have to say this... but if you do something stupid with the tool, it's your fault, not mine.

---

# [<](2020-08-12.md) 2020-08-13 [>](2020-08-14.md)

