# [<](2020-06-30.md) 2020-07-01 [>](2020-07-02.md)

2,627,867 events, 1,194,003 push events, 1,969,090 commit messages, 155,548,029 characters


## [freebsd/freebsd](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd)@[f168e1f97e...](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd/commit/f168e1f97e234d264185a44585833dc03f94733b)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 00:31:08 by adrian

[net80211] Migrate HT/legacy protection mode and preamble calculation to per-VAP flags

The later firmware devices (including iwn!) support multiple configuration
contexts for a lot of things, leaving it up to the firmware to decide
which channel and vap is active.  This allows for things like off-channel
p2p sta/ap operation and other weird things.

However, net80211 is still focused on a "net80211 drives all" when it comes to driving
the NIC, and as part of this history a lot of these options are global and not per-VAP.
This is fine when net80211 drives things and all VAPs share a single channel - these
parameters importantly really reflect the state of the channel! - but it will increasingly
be not fine when we start supporting more weird configurations and more recent NICs.
Yeah, recent like iwn/iwm.

Anyway - so, migrate all of the HT protection, legacy protection and preamble
stuff to be per-VAP.  The global flags are still there; they're now calculated
in a deferred taskqueue that mirrors the old behaviour.  Firmware based drivers
which have per-VAP configuration of these parameters can now just listen to the
per-VAP options.

What do I mean by per-channel? Well, the above configuration parameters really
are about interoperation with other devices on the same channel. Eg, HT protection
mode will flip to legacy/mixed if it hears ANY BSS that supports non-HT stations or
indicates it has non-HT stations associated.  So, these flags really should be
per-channel rather than per-VAP, and then for things like "do i need short preamble
or long preamble?" turn into a "do I need it for this current operating channel".
Then any VAP using it can query the channel that it's on, reflecting the real
required state.

This patch does none of the above paragraph just yet.

I'm also cheating a bit - I'm currently not using separate taskqueues for
the beacon updates and the per-VAP configuration updates.  I can always further
split it later if I need to but I didn't think it was SUPER important here.

So:

* Create vap taskqueue entries for ERP/protection, HT protection and short/long
  preamble;
* Migrate the HT station count, short/long slot station count, etc - into per-VAP
  variables rather than global;
* Fix a bug with my WME work from a while ago which made it per-VAP - do the WME
  beacon update /after/ the WME update taskqueue runs, not before;
* Any time the HT protmode configuration changes or the ERP protection mode
  config changes - schedule the task, which will call the driver without the
  net80211 lock held and all correctly serialised;
* Use the global flags for beacon IEs and VAP flags for probe responses and
  other IE situations.

The primary consumer of this is ath10k.  iwn could use it when sending RXON,
but we don't support IBSS or AP modes on it yet, and I'm not yet sure whether
it's required in STA mode (ie whether the firmware parses beacons to change
protection mode or whether we need to.)

Tested:

* AR9280, STA/AP
* AR9380, DWDS STA+STA/AP
* ath10k work, STA/AP
* Intel 6235, STA
* Various rtwn / run NICs, DWDS STA and STA configurations


git-svn-id: svn+ssh://svn.freebsd.org/base/head@362815 ccf9f872-aa2e-dd11-9fc8-001c23d0bc1f

---
## [STRIX-Project/STRIX_kernel_xiaomi_sdm660](https://github.com/STRIX-Project/STRIX_kernel_xiaomi_sdm660)@[6ee501cd61...](https://github.com/STRIX-Project/STRIX_kernel_xiaomi_sdm660/commit/6ee501cd6136e79e493a9178826139169df21ab8)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 03:27:55 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Dede Dindin Qudsy <xtrymind@gmail.com>

---
## [Hotels4Hope/static-assets](https://github.com/Hotels4Hope/static-assets)@[90f27a4568...](https://github.com/Hotels4Hope/static-assets/commit/90f27a4568ea23ba38bf383b20bb1e65463078a2)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 04:48:49 by Jason Kaplan

Fixed the page 2 map bug bitch. Tonight's fuckery will not be in vain!

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[a4cb94ed65...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/a4cb94ed6550e9b6659e8ca868cda5dea05f93d8)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 05:41:03 by Neslon-Poggers

farting and shitting

- added in a quality of life CHEAT that lets you hold more than one etem at once in your inventory in single player. currently, everything that isn't a c4 has a max quantity of 4, while c4 has a max quantity of 8 and gives you 8 a bag. i will most likely nerf this if y'all think it trivializes shit.

---
## [varunsridharan/action-vs-utility](https://github.com/varunsridharan/action-vs-utility)@[dd533d6179...](https://github.com/varunsridharan/action-vs-utility/commit/dd533d6179c8b0b7214ca6a010b7a246ccf49025)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 07:04:51 by Varun

Fucking Stupid ISSUE That made me go fucking crazy and beat the crap out of my system DAMMMM IT

DAMMM IT

DAMM IT

---
## [cognitedata/reveal](https://github.com/cognitedata/reveal)@[e31fb4255c...](https://github.com/cognitedata/reveal/commit/e31fb4255c0b0e65cb9fd84ce2117e513f8ab0ab)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 07:19:13 by Maksim Nesterenko

mn/use eslint instead of tslint (#712)

Aligned as much as I could with our current configs. So now basically we should have everything we had but now it really works (some rules were declared but I've never seen any warnings or errors related, e.g. unbound methods).

I haven't tested it in VSCode, but I think it should work best for you if you will run eslint fix on save. Something like this: (?)
```
{
  "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
    "source.fixAll.eslint": true
  },
}
```
however, it shouldn't really matter because I added pre-commit hook with linting on staged files, so if you in rage and want to commit whatever you have, you can ignore git-hooks (e.g. `git commit -m 'foo' --no-verify`).

It's not anyhow related to Joachim's coding guides yet, it's more about replacing tslint with eslint. 

---

Regarding optional chaining, well, now linting plays well with it, but compiler doesn't. It's easy to enable it, but after some consideration, I think we shouldn't use it. This is the example of how result js code will look after ts transpilation:

```diff
- const sectorCuller =
-     (options && options.internal && options.internal.sectorCuller) || new ByVisibilityGpuSectorCuller();
+ const sectorCuller = options?.internal?.sectorCuller || new ByVisibilityGpuSectorCuller();
```

```js
var _a;
const sectorCuller = ((_a = options === null || options === void 0 ? void 0 : options.internal) === null || _a === void 0 ? void 0 : _a.sectorCuller) || new _internal__WEBPACK_IMPORTED_MODULE_10__["ByVisibilityGpuSectorCuller"]();
```

You can play with it [in babel playground](https://babeljs.io/en/repl#?browsers=defaults%2C%20not%20ie%2011%2C%20not%20ie_mob%2011&build=&builtIns=false&spec=false&loose=false&code_lz=MYewdgzgLgBAZiEMC8MDeMCGAuGBGABhgF8AoUSEAGwFMA6KkAcwAoEQB-OzLiEAWxpQAFgEswTLvxAAnGgEoA3EA&debug=false&forceAllTransforms=false&shippedProposals=false&circleciRepo=&evaluate=false&fileSize=false&timeTravel=false&sourceType=module&lineWrap=true&presets=env%2Ces2015%2Cenv&prettier=false&targets=&version=7.10.3&externalPlugins=) output is the same.

Also, some evil tongues say [there might be performance impact](https://dev.to/smeijer/the-costs-of-optional-chaining-5bno) if optchain is overused. So I don't think it's a good idea to enable it. At least in a library like reveal that should be highly performant.

---
## [Sergiovan/nn](https://github.com/Sergiovan/nn)@[aa0611a276...](https://github.com/Sergiovan/nn/commit/aa0611a276ab6de4400f75cf582f83e48f3347ad)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 07:36:07 by Sergiovan

Future proofing my brain

Added future.txt for remembering what the fuck I'm talking about
Reserved 'asm' keyword

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[48416d1a94...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/48416d1a9451bfa9148f7c6fb01bde582a44ff9c)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 09:51:25 by Marko Grdinić

"9:10am. All these late night Doom sessions are taking their toll. I can't keep them up.

9:25am. Let me get over my grogginess a little and then I will start the review.

10:10am. Done with my morning reading. I overdid it a bit. I need to start the review and get something done today.

...What did I even do in June? I actually had to look in the journal for this. During the first two weeks I studied Hopac and concurrency in general. I also finished the NetMQ examples.

///

During the first two weeks of June, I finished the [NetMQ examples](https://github.com/mrakgr/Lithe-POC/blob/f34d9c91c9e5966208c1099fe05779cc9516e80f/Lithe%20Avalonia%20Examples/05_NetMQ.fs), spent a while studying [Hopac](https://github.com/Hopac/Hopac) since I realized it would be a lot better fit for the task of editor support than [Rx](https://github.com/dotnet/reactive#a-brief-intro). Then for a week I took a rare vacation. And for the last week I've been working on editor support.

The current status is that tokenization for Spiral is mostly done now - if you run the extension and the server together and open a `.spi` file you will see coloring being done for keywords, variables and such. Right now the entire file is being retokenized on every edit, but I'll optimize this so that it works per line. I don't think I mentioned it in the previous review - diagnostics for just the project configuration files was already operational back then. If you mistype a field, or have duplicate files and similar kinds of errors in the `package.spiproj` file, you'll get type errors in the project file directly, courtesy of the language server.

After I finish tokenization comes a pass to split the file into blocks which will then be parsed. And after that I will start work on the top-down type system for Spiral.

One bring spot of having done so much concurrency study in the last half year is that it gave me a lot of time to think about other aspects of the language on the side. Though I've only ever implemented a toy HM algorithm back in 2017, I do not think that doing the unification based top-down type system for Spiral will give me any trouble at all. Now that I've come this far everything is neatly arranged in my head and I am quite confident that it will turn out well. It won't go quickly though, there is a good 2-3 months work at the very least in this, and I would not be surprised if it takes me until next year until I am done.

Back in 2017 and 2018, I was really in love in Spiral and its power and expressiveness. It can do so much of what other languages can't - it made it much easier for me to develop a ML library that has direct integration with the GPU. I could do things like monadic autodiff directly in GPU kernels and tuple-of-arrays styled tensors. While the big ML guys struggle with C in their ML framework backends, I was living the high life at the time. But even though most of my goals regarding Spiral itself were met, after a while I realized that Spiral was forcing me to do a lot of extra work that would not be necessary if it was more restricted as a language. In my quest for power, I gave up a lot of what made F# such a joy to program with to begin with. This time I want it all - in v0.2 Spiral will be both expressive and powerful, and easy to program in. I won't make any compromises when it comes to user experience.

In 2018, I had a lot of fun discovering new staged functional programming techniques, but I've matured enough to say that most of them do not really matter. In 2021 I want to try what I did in 2018, but much better. Having both a better language and replacing GPUs with neurochips will make a difference. So will the move from optimizing single models to ensembles.

At the back of my mind I am always aware that I cannot keep pushing the penniless approach of the past 5 years forever, but whatever happens I am determined to at least finish Spiral v0.2. At that point I will have to make an expected value calculation; depending on how successful I am at getting my hands on new hardware and getting sponsorship I might have to get a job.

Since Spiral v0.2 will be useful to more people than just myself, ideally I would like to convince people working on neuromorphic hardware to turn away from using Python + C for everything, but I do not want to assume anything. Because I've gotten better at concurrency and finishing Spiral v0.2 will give me even more practice - at that time I will have the capacity to act as an expert programmer regardless of the domain. These thoughts give me courage, and that feeling will be reflected in any negotiations that may happen.

///

11:50am. I think this is good enough.

Let me chill for a bit. After that I will start work on doing those change based edits."

---
## [Snapta/testing](https://github.com/Snapta/testing)@[347db0ef15...](https://github.com/Snapta/testing/commit/347db0ef156daf790b9dcf563dee28c8ad631259)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 10:30:02 by Snapta

i can't leave this fucking editor assholes fuck you all

---
## [dracarys18/NotKernel](https://github.com/dracarys18/NotKernel)@[32fe0eac02...](https://github.com/dracarys18/NotKernel/commit/32fe0eac02ff6519bece67a030557de544090400)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 13:09:30 by dracarys18

printk: Dont print init related logs

Due to some fuckups from ROM side now the userspace spams my dmesg with following logs so ignore all init messages
once for all This is annoying as hell.

init: Could not find 'vendor.xiaomi.hardware.citsensorservice@1.1::ICitSensorService/default' for ctl.interface_start
init: Could not find 'vendor.xiaomi.hardware.citsensorservice@1.1::ICitSensorService/default' for ctl.interface_start

Signed-off-by: dracarys18 <karthihegde010@gmail.com>

---
## [drinking-game-app/frontend](https://github.com/drinking-game-app/frontend)@[b864f01c86...](https://github.com/drinking-game-app/frontend/commit/b864f01c8683eb1dd6562459cc446a951f556332)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 14:02:41 by Eoan O Dea

UI Improvements, Updated Splash & Functional improvements

-Attempted to eject the app and implement payments but fuck that its a bitch to deal with
-Added a lovely new splash screen gif
-Added a splash screen to the web version of the application
-Updated bug where host is temporarily redirected to join screen
-Implemented edit user and user can edit other users with a payment wall but as I said above thats a bitch

---
## [FexyFex/VulkanEngine](https://github.com/FexyFex/VulkanEngine)@[b931717005...](https://github.com/FexyFex/VulkanEngine/commit/b9317170051d45558f0956579e76e0fe1a068284)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 15:01:32 by FexyFex

I know, I know I've let you down.
I've been a fool to myself.
I thought that I could code for no one else.
But now, through all the code spaghett,
It's time for me to accept.
This bug I have is just unfindable....

So with sadness in my heart,
I feel the best thing I could do,
is delete it all and start all over...

What's done is done it feel so bad,
what once was happy now is sad.
I'll never code again, my build is ending...

I wish to CTRL+Z my life,
I should be finding a wife.
Can't code like this, I just want this to work.
I know I can't debug this code.
I just don't know what to write,
because of that, it's killing me inside...

It all returns to nothing.
It all comes tumbling down, tumbling down, tumbling down...

---
## [skrussell/gdnsd](https://github.com/skrussell/gdnsd)@[2e935d6ee7...](https://github.com/skrussell/gdnsd/commit/2e935d6ee7f17b647fd3b6888effbe1b19949def)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 17:10:52 by Brandon L Black

C Code formatting

Code formatting commits are annoying because they cause a giant
pain point in the history around which rebases and merges are
difficult.  Now is an opportune time to do it with so much else in
flux.

My coding style has evolved over the years, but I've generally
stuck to my years-old style for self-consistency here.  I've also
been inconsistent about style issues that matter less to me.  The
real sin here, though, is this repo not having a defined coding
style with a check/correct tool at all, which has allowed lots of
other minor issues to creep in.

With this commit, I've made some arbitrary-but-reasonable choices
that can be forced with "astyle" (using version 2.06), and added
some qa scripts for checking/correcting, applied astyle's fixups,
and then manually corrected the places where the fixes looked ugly
and/or wrong to the point where both astyle and I are
reasonably-happy with the final output.

---
## [KraXen72/harmony-discord](https://github.com/KraXen72/harmony-discord)@[c51d08f9a3...](https://github.com/KraXen72/harmony-discord/commit/c51d08f9a3b48fb1444217bf39ee7f7d76f542f2)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 18:31:42 by KraXen72

fix active now hover make it smooth

imagine if i could get a girlfriend as smoothly as this shit animates on hover

---
## [cloudfoundry/capi-k8s-release](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/capi-k8s-release)@[556cc9db4b...](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/capi-k8s-release/commit/556cc9db4b0c366fd346fc9e4c998e75ccee2cca)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 18:47:53 by Jaskanwal Pawar

Mark CCNG build as staged as needed in new watcher

- Pulled in all CCNG-related source from old `capi_kpack_watcher`
- **Major, janky hack** to run tests: tests want to actually apply a CRD
for the `Build` CR, which requires obtaining the actual YAML for the
Build CRD; resolved this temporarily by checking it in
  - Very, very bad since we should be relying on the CRD version
  associated with the go module we pull in
  - Also very bad and annoying because kpack CRDs are all ytt templates
  and they need to be run through ytt first (hurray for no easy fixes)
- Did some small, non-breaking refactoring to generate mocks with
`counterfeiter` to work better with Ginkgo (which kubebuilder is using
to bootstrap our repo)
  - Non-breaking because I left the mock generation with `mockery` since
  the old, `spec` tests still want them
- Also did another, non-breaking refactor to add a new constructor for
creating a CCNG client
  - This one requires that you pass everything in explicitly, which I
  think we should be doing going forward anyway to avoid hidden side
  effects, improve declarativeness [sic], make code more easy to follow,
  and hopefully mitigate some future debt
  - Non-breaking since I left the old constructor
- Controller tests are using mocks, but they're supposed to be
integration tests, so should eventually refactor to remove some amount
of this mocking
  - Don't want to spin up an entire CCNG every time, but could at least
  have it do real HTTP requests to a fake `ghttp` server for instance

[#172847399]

Authored-by: Jaskanwal Pawar <jpawar@pivotal.io>

---
## [ferba93/The-Gods-Game](https://github.com/ferba93/The-Gods-Game)@[77ef9eaec2...](https://github.com/ferba93/The-Gods-Game/commit/77ef9eaec2991adfe7bd92b321f5c7f0a8eea616)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 19:57:56 by Ferran-Roger Basart i Bosch

More changes. I hate the guts out of this stupid process. I hate it. So fucking badly. It's unberable. Just let me work

---
## [pmariglia/showdown](https://github.com/pmariglia/showdown)@[0048f219ed...](https://github.com/pmariglia/showdown/commit/0048f219ed45ef3ef1420600db408323165f2556)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 20:51:33 by pmariglia

new pokemon

new moves (JSON only)

unseenfist

reformat moves.json

expandingforce damage boost in terrain; also a bunch of stupid refactoring necessary to set this up because I'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to properly design an engine

steelroller

scaleshot

test meteorbeam

mistyexplosion

grassyglide

risingvoltage

terrainpulse

poltergeist

flipturn

tripleaxel

dualwingbeat lol i hate my life

scorchingsands

junglehealing

wickedblow and surgingstrikes

fixing basestat keys

gen8randombattle sets updated

lowercase types

use randombattle sets on opponent's active if there are none from stats page

---
## [djsmith17/Dissociating-Role-of-Feedback-in-Voice-Motor-Control](https://github.com/djsmith17/Dissociating-Role-of-Feedback-in-Voice-Motor-Control)@[6028feb5aa...](https://github.com/djsmith17/Dissociating-Role-of-Feedback-in-Voice-Motor-Control/commit/6028feb5aa2799921087f89ec4880f4c12258da0)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 21:36:41 by Dante Smith

Fuck your couch

This needs to become a testing window. This is getting ridiculous

---
## [piwheels/piwheels](https://github.com/piwheels/piwheels)@[9719a6deec...](https://github.com/piwheels/piwheels/commit/9719a6deec7aee309d527a6b1c85578cff49a359)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-01 22:23:33 by Dave Jones

A story of getting the tests working on Travis CI in the form of
squashed commit messages...

Apparently travis doesn't include python3-apt
... and I've forgotten how to install apt stuff on Travis
... really really forgotten everything about Travis
... yet another attempt at Travis

Pretty please with sugar on top ...

As Dave's eye twitches from the umpteenth attempt at injecting pain in
the ass packages into a venv on a CI service ...

... TRAVIS!! ...

Start Wreck: The Wrath of Travis continues after this short intermission

... TRAAAAAAVIS!! ...

Once more unto the breach, dear VMs ...

... travis ...

If this takes much more, the commit messages are going to get distinctly
sweary ...

... travis ...

Hallelujah! It's finally working ... well, sort of. I mean the tests
don't pass, but screw it, at least they're running. Now to ditch Jessie
and get Bullseye tests prepped ...

... yet another travis commit ...

Can we use dist in the matrix? Where's Morpheus when you need him ...

... travis ...

Apparently python-apt never had a 1.6.5 branch?!

... travis ...

Yes! YES! It fucking works! I mean, the tests don't work yet, but fuck
it, the Travis job actually runs. So ... that's good ... right?

---

# [<](2020-06-30.md) 2020-07-01 [>](2020-07-02.md)

