# [<](2020-10-26.md) 2020-10-27 [>](2020-10-28.md)

240,780 events, 101,225 push events, 152,890 commit messages, 11,474,858 characters


## [ferba93/NotThatGameEngine](https://github.com/ferba93/NotThatGameEngine)@[c839d1d926...](https://github.com/ferba93/NotThatGameEngine/commit/c839d1d92641ddbe054f2eceac6a5f98fa2b41e9)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-27 22:12:47 by Ferran-Roger Basart i Bosch

I saw the ahegao after like 2 hours of work, and I'm laughing at my own stupid meme. I love programming

---
## [Yankovsky/roma](https://github.com/Yankovsky/roma)@[4db7048393...](https://github.com/Yankovsky/roma/commit/4db7048393e792d790fca80a16a7bc7f778bc00d)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-27 22:14:12 by Yankovsky Andrey

Merge pull request #2 from Yankovsky/roma-good-boy

roma is a good boy and his team really love him

---
## [Rocky5/XBMC-Emustation](https://github.com/Rocky5/XBMC-Emustation)@[e492e2bca4...](https://github.com/Rocky5/XBMC-Emustation/commit/e492e2bca4115e286f8ddc19a7f5ac8e8554f9a0)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-27 22:19:41 by John

Version 1.3 Stable

Patron Supporters:
	Richard, Giovany Rodriguez, Alf John Hammervik, Rick Girton, thePiratePimp, Michael Bergeron, Wayne Starr, Stian Tofte, Johnny Andersen, Wayne Swift
	Clayton Beeney, Andrew Ryan, Tktagmedia, Darren Titchmarsh, Jay Jay, Natetronn, Incursion64 ., Roger Serres, Darren Old, Joel Peterson, Jamie Eubank

Thank you for your support.
Would also like to thank everyone that donates its much appreciated.

///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

21/10/2020
	1) Added demos to the carousel.
		( E:\ F:\ G:\ demos )
	2) Added animation selection for the Carousel, Windows and Carousel background image.
		(defaults to instant, change to fade, slide or instant)
	3) Updated the Customize section of the UI Settings, Themes have there own window, and added a few more features.
	4) Updated all themes to support the above change.
	5) Updated the sound db value to be 0 to 100% makes it easier to understand.
	6) Updated a few of the python scripts to do a better job and also for the additions above.
	7) New Video view. This lets you auto play videos when cycling games.
		( coinops style, still may need work but works for the most part )
	8) Updated Menu Settings windows, with new layout.
	9) New player controls, bit fancier.
		( Enable old overlay. Toggle in Sound Settings )
	10) Seek bar updated for new player and old player controls.
	11) Fixed the extension issue with the create_rom.lists.py script.
	12) Fixed Test Drive being scanned wrong in the create_rom.lists.py script.
	13) New XBE, disables intro when last played system rom is enabled and a game is selected.
		( means the intro doesn't play for a split second )
	14) Ports is now part of the greater systems, ie, it can have synopsis and different views eg...
	15) Updated the scripts to allow the above and also pars "Override_TitleID.bin" for ports and xbox games.
		( not all homebrew have valid ids so this file allows for one without touching the xbe )
	16) Fixed the favourites menu not being themed if using Simple Alt.
		( forgot to make it use the default files if a theme has no files )
	17) renamed the .emustation folder to just emustation, so new xbe and script changes to accommodate this change.
	18) Fixed fbl and other systems not using the FBA synopsis information.
	19) 15 direct launch tiles now, that should cover basically most stuff you ever will need.
	20) New XBE to fix intros once and for all.
	21) New animation when you load a rom/games.
	22) New favourites and settings backgrounds for the simple and simple alt themes.
	23) Removed the update check on startup, you can access it from the menu > advanced settings.
	24) Updated the string.po to use the same internal ids as gamers.
		( means the updater script is the same across each for language ids )
	25) Fixed the override_title id extracting and parsing game.xbe for titleids in the create_rom_lists.py
	26) Fixed ports previews not loading.
	27) Made the xbe copy filezilla server.xml on every boot from the system/backups folder.
		( this seems to fix random crashing with FTP, also fixes the corrupt filezill server.xml issue as its copied on each boot. )
	28) Slight change to the play_preview.py file. Just force IDs now so if one fails the other works eg...
	29) Fixed the Options background for Xbox and Ports not showing. (white button)
	30) New thing for themes, so previews work on horizontal themes now.
		( requires this string to be placed in the layout file somewhere, check the xSimplistic theme. )
	31) Added more extensions and changed there extension from .ft to .ext
	32) Intro videos can be in two places now. System\intro or next to the default.xbe
		( intro.mp4 is still looked for in both locations, I may at some point add random video playback from the intro folder )
	33) Fixed some issues in the create_rom_lists.py script for games that titles had \n new line endings :\
	34) Larger previews for themes, theme menu has been updated also so you can see the better images.
	35) Merry Christmas
	36) Mame is now parsed like other emulator systems.
		( I had to change the source code of Mame launcher and do some trickery to get it all to work )
	37) Synopsis for over 1000 mame roms.
	38) Menu now works on system lists as well as the home screen.
	39) I now patch mame when scanning for roms.
		( this saves folk running into issues down the road )
	40) New update screen look.
	41) URLDownloader updated to v1.0.18, I have moved to Google Drive for the downloads.
		( Test this out as there is a daily limit on downloads but we should never hit this )
	42) You can now run default_p.xbe or defaultxhd.xbe from the context menu if they exist next to the default.xbe
	43) Cleaned up the scripts and fixed a couple issues in create_rom_lists.py
	44) Fixed a problem in XBMC (well just disabled stopping the FTP/Time server code) that would put you in a busy loop if you had an Ethernet
		connected but not valid network, or hard crash the system if you disconnect and reconnected a Ethernet.
	45) Mame can now have favourites and also fixed when selecting a fav the user could move. (was allowed)
	46) Can now sort favourites by system-alphabetical or just alphabetical.
		( requires a newer builds of Emustation, ones where it adds the system to the end of the game name )
	48) Updated the dialog_ok.py script so it can run script and notify the user that it is.
	49) Changed how home layouts are done, now uses includes and allows for 4 home screen types.
		( 3 Icon horizontal, 3 icon horizontal alt, vertical and vertical slanted )
	50) SegaCD ISO/MP3 support added, the script will folderize them for you. You will need to download the correct emulators from the downloader for ISO+MP3 support.
		( not some games with i and ii will be put in the same folder, fix this manually )
	51) Same as above but for PCEngine-CD/TurboGrafx-CD images can be folderized.
	52) Moved to rom name.txt for MAME and Final Burn roms.
		( this allows me to rename every single rom now and not have to worry about extracting zips with thousands of files, to many for Mame. )
	53) Organization of some of the menu menus.
	54) I fix the cores for N64 when scanning in the earthwormjames compilation.
		( new surreal.ini included and a new xbe to stop the bloody emu destroying the settings for each rom )
	55) Launch N64 roms from favourites working.
	56) Fixed sorting of favourites breaking the launch of them.
	57) More mame improvements, now you can load clone roms.
	58) Optimised the Create_rom_lists.py its now faster to scan stuff in.
	59) Other various changes to stuff above.
		( there is actually changes lol, just been doing mame the last couple days its all a blur. )
	60) Full mame synopsis for over 5000 games, you can also use the synopsis names for roms.
	61) New fbl synopsis nearly 4000 roms supported.
	62) Fixed mame and fbl roms being missed when scanning.
	63) Fixed spelling mistake on IOS when it should be ISO :/
	64) New dreamcast logo, now is Dreamcast Visual Memory Unit
	65) Fixed fbl scanning when use synopsis names was enabled.
	66) Added support to always revert to emustation if using my Dashloader v1.3+
		( if you run emustation as an application and load a rom or xbox gaem and IGR it will go back to your dash, now it can go back to emustation instead )
	67) Added a new script to run the artwork installer within the dashboard.
		( xbox artwork installer is now a standalone app )
	68) Fixed the auto scan extracting all synopsis and it complaining about the Mame loader.xbe when mame isn't present.
	69) Updated the Sega32X synopsis files to match the Ressurectionextras rom names.
		( (32X) parts at the end of 5 roms )
	70) Optimized the auto video play script.
	71) Create rom list script now wont copy all videos to the media\xboz\videos\ directory.
		( looks for mp4 first, strm second and xmv last )
	72) Now you can default to XBMC-Emustation, when launching any rom or xbox game. New toggle in the UISettings menu.
		( requires my dashloader that's part of the Xbox Softmodding Tool v1.1.7+ or you can grab the hardmod version on my github.[CR]https://github.com/Rocky5/Xbox-Softmodding-Tool/tree/master/Extras%20Disc/Hardmod/dashloader )
	73) Fixed the scan script breaking on xbox games if no resource videos were found.
	44) .modules is now _modules so now FTP programs can FTP the folder over without requiring hidden files to be enabled.
	75) Imagelib usage is now set to 8MB to combat ram hitting 0MB and causing black images.
	76) Clear texture cache set to 10MB now, so when you hit 10MB it will flush the texture cache.
	78) New xbe to check what resolution is currently enabled and tell the user if its 1080i and disable it.
	79) FIxed ports and xbox games scanner so it doesnt pull the same video for all entries, also fixed a script error.
	80) Fixed launching direct launch emulator on the carousel
	81) Updated the system_list.xml to be in alphabetical order
	82) Added a preview window to the dialogselect window. Only shows when in the downloader theme menu
	83) New XBE to try and stop crashing when selecting a rom.
	84) Moved to the naming format for the folder that holds the skin xml files.
		( now just xml for all )
	85) Any script errors will now put a copy of the error in E:/TDATA/Rocky5 needs these logs/
		( Send me this file )
	86) Hide favourites from the carousel.
	87) Fixed scanning FBL and variants not populating the system section and breaking loading.
	88) Added a error dialog when the rom folder is empty, this will stop the Found_Roms called before error.
	89) New Video Calibration screen.
	90) New snes emulator beta6 that adds optimisations and fixes games that defaulted to bilinear filtering.
	91) Fixes auto scan showing the no roms or path set error.
	92) Fixed FBL erroring when scanning if the Path.ini file is missing.
	93) Added some more info to the create rom list script for xbox game scanning.
		( Will now put the current game directory into the log file, this is handy for finding corrupt xbe files )
	94) Added support for default_ffp.xbe when scanning xbox games in.
		( This is the flicker filter patched xbe, handy if using CRT screens. )
	95) Added the option to view the log files in the Advanced Settings menu.
	96) New theme selection menu.
	97) New CV20 logo.
	**) Other stuff but its been a while since I done these changes.
		( See if you can find them LOL )

---
## [wikimedia/mediawiki-skins-Splash](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-skins-Splash)@[3e126b52cf...](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-skins-Splash/commit/3e126b52cf40ed684780818e132321cd834d4756)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-27 23:52:54 by Isarra

Clean up after last shitshow of a patch

* Consolidate some more of the mainpage menus
* Fix contentsub so it's not so insanely stupid
* More precision on HiDPI weirdness
* Stuff

Change-Id: I80da07dadc75788b06377166e5b9307a0556085f

---
## [wikimedia/mediawiki-skins](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-skins)@[31224dc70f...](https://github.com/wikimedia/mediawiki-skins/commit/31224dc70fe24ab33f44fec1c2e84c69c040e735)
#### Tuesday 2020-10-27 23:52:57 by Isarra

Update git submodules

* Update Splash from branch 'master'
  to 3e126b52cf40ed684780818e132321cd834d4756
  - Clean up after last shitshow of a patch
    
    * Consolidate some more of the mainpage menus
    * Fix contentsub so it's not so insanely stupid
    * More precision on HiDPI weirdness
    * Stuff
    
    Change-Id: I80da07dadc75788b06377166e5b9307a0556085f

---

# [<](2020-10-26.md) 2020-10-27 [>](2020-10-28.md)

