# [<](2020-09-29.md) 2020-09-30 [>](2020-10-01.md)

2,879,515 events, 1,497,994 push events, 2,247,358 commit messages, 156,700,960 characters


## [jeremyschlatter/nixpkgs](https://github.com/jeremyschlatter/nixpkgs)@[7300e916c9...](https://github.com/jeremyschlatter/nixpkgs/commit/7300e916c9758838d2ae310f204279b3fe4f291f)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 01:25:52 by Jeremy Schlatter

git: marginally improve a recurring annoyance

Occasionally when I run the command "git pull", rather than completing
the pull, git wastes a bit of my time and cognitive cycles with this
useless information:

    There is no tracking information for the current branch.
    Please specify which branch you want to rebase against.
    See git-pull(1) for details.

        git pull <remote> <branch>

    If you wish to set tracking information for this branch you can do so with:

        git branch --set-upstream-to=origin/<branch> master

I cannot recall a single time that the next step for me to do has been
anything other than to inform git that the upstream branch it should be
tracking is, in fact, the one with the exact same friggin' name as my
local branch. I strongly expect this to hold for almost every time that
almost every human has ever viewed this message. What a waste!

Today I decided I finally needed to resolve this recurring annoyance
for myself, and find whatever the git config option is to tell git to
default to using the upstream branch name here. And, unless my
man-page-scanning, Stack Overflow searching and Google searching have
missed it, there apparently is no such config option!

I truly do not understand why a UX failure with such an apparently
obvious solution still exists in git. I am almost tempted to become a
git contributor to solve this single issue.

In any case, the best workaround I see for now is one suggested by both
[this StackOverflow answer][1] and [this blog post][2]: create a git
alias to run the appropriate "set upstream" command for you.

With this workaround in place, future versions of me will have the
pleasure of ditching the previous workflow:

    1. Run "git pull".
    2. Observe and parse failure message.
    3. Waste precious cognitive cycles remembering what to do.
    4. Copy-paste the suggested command from the error message.
    5. EDIT THE SUGGESTED COMMAND, tediously copying in the current
       branch name.
    6. Run the command.
    7. Re-run "git pull".

...in favor of the new workflow:

    1. Run "git pull".
    2. Observe and parse failure message.
    3. Waste _fewer 😀_ precious cognitive cycles remembering what to do.
    4. Run "git set-up<tab>"
    5. Re-run "git pull".

Ah, what luxury for future versions of me.

</entitled whiny rant>

[1]: https://stackoverflow.com/a/35487209
[2]: https://zarino.co.uk/post/git-set-upstream/

---
## [jmonagas/VueTweeter](https://github.com/jmonagas/VueTweeter)@[f62473a736...](https://github.com/jmonagas/VueTweeter/commit/f62473a736e25100fde82b404626c03d5d90780a)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 03:18:07 by Jose

It was a great session tonight. Together, the group and the instructor worked on creating the login form, login page, registration, cookies, etc. What I appreciate the most is the fact that we all were able to experience the complexities of a project like this, where even our instructor had issues to make everything work. This is the type of didactic approach that should be implemented at InnoTech College. An atmosphere that is fully focused on learning the ropes. It is not that we (the students) are not fit for the tasks, but that we just need to be guided through the process before we can actually walk the mile alone. That is the whole point of adult education.

---
## [mccrebekah/codecademy_python](https://github.com/mccrebekah/codecademy_python)@[2d7de9162b...](https://github.com/mccrebekah/codecademy_python/commit/2d7de9162b03abe462a04ab859d1e27057cc9480)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 04:11:09 by Rebekah McCullough

Create syntax_project.py

The following is the instructions that helped me create this project:
We’ve decided to pursue the dream of small-business ownership and open up a furniture store called Lovely Loveseats for Neat Suites on Fleet Street. With our newfound knowledge of Python programming, we’re going to build a system to help speed up the process of creating receipts for your customers.
In this project, we will be storing the names and prices of a furniture store’s catalog in variables. You will then process the total price and item list of customers, printing them to the output terminal.

1. Let’s add in our first item, the Lovely Loveseat that is the store’s namesake. Create a variable called lovely_loveseat_description and assign to it the following string:
"Lovely Loveseat. Tufted polyester blend on wood. 32 inches high x 40 inches wide x 30 inches deep. Red or white."
2. Great, now let’s create a price for the loveseat. Create a variable lovely_loveseat_price and set it equal to 254.00.
3. Let’s extend our inventory with another characteristic piece of furniture! Create a variable called stylish_settee_description and assign to it the following string:
"Stylish Settee. Faux leather on birch. 29.50 inches high x 54.75 inches wide x 28 inches deep. Black."
4. Now let’s set the price for our Stylish Settee. Create a variable stylish_settee_price and assign it the value of 180.50.
5. Fantastic, we just need one more item before we’re ready for business. Create a new variable called luxurious_lamp_description and assign it the following:
"Luxurious Lamp. Glass and iron. 36 inches tall. Brown with cream shade."
6. Let’s set the price for this item. Create a variable called luxurious_lamp_price and set it equal to 52.15.
7. In order to be a business, we should also be calculating sales tax. Let’s store that in a variable as well.
Define the variable sales_tax and set it equal to .088. That’s 8.8%.

Our First Customer
8. Our first customer is making their purchase! Let’s keep a running tally of their expenses by defining a variable called customer_one_total. Since they haven’t purchased anything yet, let’s set that variable equal to 0 for now.
9. We should also keep a list of the descriptions of things they’re purchasing. Create a variable called customer_one_itemization and set that equal to the empty string "". We’ll tack on the descriptions to this as they make their purchases.
10. Our customer has decided they are going to purchase our Lovely Loveseat! Add the price to customer_one_total.
11. Let’s start keeping track of the items our customer purchased. Add the description of the Lovely Loveseat to customer_one_itemization.
12. Our customer has also decided to purchase the Luxurious Lamp! Let’s add the price to the customer’s total.
13. Let’s keep the itemization up-to-date and add the description of the Luxurious Lamp to our itemization.
14. They’re ready to check out! Let’s begin by calculating sales tax. Create a variable called customer_one_tax and set it equal to customer_one_total times sales_tax.
15. Add the sales tax to the customer’s total cost.
16. Let’s start printing up their receipt! Begin by printing out the heading for their itemization. Print the phrase "Customer One Items:".
17. Print customer_one_itemization.
18. Now add a heading for their total cost: Print out "Customer One Total:"
19. Now print out their total! Our first customer now has a receipt for the things they purchased.
20. Congratulations! We created our catalog and served our first customer. We used our knowledge of strings and numbers to create and update variables. We were able to print out an itemized list and a total cost for our customer. Lovely!

---
## [ArekusuNaito/raspberry-docker-services](https://github.com/ArekusuNaito/raspberry-docker-services)@[d931e5d157...](https://github.com/ArekusuNaito/raspberry-docker-services/commit/d931e5d157c5016c183ef9502108acf91d44613f)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 11:35:24 by ArekusuNaito

Samba Service Working!

Remember to read the readme for notes.
Important notes that I learned:
- user and group IDs are important and they must match between the host and the container.
- Further improvement can be to make a .sh script for the host that creates variables for the IDs and pass these variables to the docker configuration, the minimum automation is 0 steps, but 1 step is also welcomed when not having the most optimal thing, more than 1 step is not friendly enough in my opinion

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[628831c43f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/628831c43f478513125e72a2dd9b7f9f063cc73c)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 12:44:27 by Marko Grdinić

"9:25am. I am surprised it is this early given that I must have woken up at least an hour ago. Yesterday my sleep was good, but today it was pretty crappy, though not as bad as two days ago.

Well, dropping RI for the time being seems to be paying off. As great as it is, it has definitely been sucking too much of my energy. If only I could deal with my other obsessions, I could reach the ideal mental state.

10:55am. Done with breakfast. Let me read Weapons Systems for a bit and then I will start.

11:25am. Done with chores. Let cool down for 5m and then I wil lstart.

11:30am. Let me start.

It is early morning, but I am already tired. Damn.

Well, it cannot be helped. Though the language is getting closer to completion, my position is pretty bad right now. Until I can get Spiral to an usable state, I will be stuck lugging its heavy weight around. And that weight will impinge on my mental state.

Yesterday I did a lot of thinking and thanks to that I've resolved the issue of how to make the partial evaluator incremental.

11:35am. And in the last few days I've put in the basic helpers and defined the AST. Also the thinking I did yesterday helped me get into the mood a little.

But despite all of that, I am still standing at the entrance to the dungeon. The darkness beckons to me, but I've yet to muster the urge to step inside.

11:45am. I am too tired. And at the same time my mind is too restless. I am caught up in daydreaming and indulgence.

I am weak. No way would a post-human have my attitude. But the only thing I can do is compromise and do a little bit at a time.

First of all me create stumps for the peval function.

11:50am.

```fs
let peval (env : TopEnv) x =
    let rec term x = failwith ""
    and ty x = failwith ""
    term x
```

Every great program starts with the first line.

11:55am. It is difficult. To battle is always difficult.

Before it begins you bolster your ego, you dream of great victory and you step into the fray.

Then you face the bloodshed and the sinister wind of death howls eating away at your resolve and chipping at your soul. You realize that the dreams you had were just empty words and the scene in front of you is the reality. You have the chance to flee.

I believe that the ones who succeed are the ones are the ones who push against the wind. They tell the reality to shove it and bodly proclaim that their dreams are the one true reality.

That is justice.

There is a difference between the sky and the earth. And so is there a difference between the earth and burying one's head in it.

12pm. What is the purpose of terror if not to overcome it? Looking at reality just for the sake of gawking is overrated. Sight exists for a reason.

12:05pm. Damn I am tired.

I just won't be able to do much today. But I will keep it up for as long as possible. I might be tired, but I am also determined. At times like this I find it difficult to believe I am a talented programmer.

```fs
type LangEnv = {
    trace : Trace
    seq : ResizeArray<TypedBind>
    cse : Dictionary<Op * Data [], Data> list
    i : int ref
    env_global_type : Ty []
    env_global_value : Data []
    env_stack_type : Ty []
    env_stack_value : Data []
    }
```

12:10pm. The `LangEnv` is the core of the partial evaluator.

Right now I am really struggling to think what comes first.

Sometimes the inspiration comes to you, but sometimes you need to chase after it.

12:15pm. Today I'll try the later. The way to do that is to check out what I had last time. Let me just try doing each case in turn and seeing where that gets me.

12:20pm.

```fs
    | B -> TyB
    | V x -> v x
    | Lit x -> TyLit x
    | KeywordCreate(k,l) -> TyKeyword(k,Array.map (ev d) l)
```

Let me do these 4 as an icebreaker. I won't let the depth of my experience become a lie.

Even if I cannot move forward, I will not take a step back. From now till 6p and later, I will be right here on this chair trying to push the boulder in front of me.

12:25pm. Focus me, focus. I still haven't put down even a word. Just do it.

```fs
let peval (env : TopEnv) x =
    let rec term x =
        let ev = term
        match x with
        | EB -> DB
        | EV x -> v x
        | ELit(_,x) -> DLit x
        | ESymbol(_,x) -> DSymbol x
    and ty x = failwith ""
    term x
```

Let me start with this. Now let me implement `v`.

```fs
let inline v x = if x < 0 then d.env_global_value.[-x-1] else d.env_stack_value.[x]
```

This is how it used to be in the prototype. I've thought how indexing should be done under current conditions. Let me do it.

12:30pm.

```fs
    let rec term (s : LangEnv) x =
        let ev = term
        let v i = if i < s.env_global_value.Length then s.env_global_value.[i] else s.env_stack_value.[i-s.env_global_value.Length]
        match x with
        | EB -> DB
        | EV a -> v a
        | ELit(_,a) -> DLit a
        | ESymbol(_,a) -> DSymbol a
```

This is good. Let me do it one by one.

12:35pm. Focus me, focus.

```fs
    | Inline(on_succ,data) ->
        let d =
            {d with
                env_global_type=Array.map vt data.type'.free_vars
                env_global_value=Array.map v data.value.free_vars
                env_stack_type=Array.zeroCreate data.type'.stack_size
                env_stack_type_ptr=0
                env_stack_value=Array.zeroCreate data.value.stack_size
                env_stack_value_ptr=0
                }
        ev d on_succ
```

Inline I no longer have.

```fs
    | Inl(on_succ,data) -> function' false on_succ data
    | Forall(on_succ,data) -> function' true on_succ data
```

Now come these two. Focus me.

I need to get into it.

Let me do the plain `inl`.

...Actually, let me do it right there directly.

```fs
    let function' is_forall on_succ (data : ExprData) =
        TyFunction(on_succ,
            data.type'.stack_size,Array.zeroCreate<_> data.type'.free_vars.Length,
            data.value.stack_size,Array.map v data.value.free_vars,
            is_forall)
```

This is all it was? Meh. I was expecting something a lot bigger.

12:45pm. Actually this thing confuses me. Why is that `zeroCreate` there?

```fs
let peval (env : TopEnv) x =
    let vt s i = if i < s.env_global_type.Length then s.env_global_type.[i] else s.env_stack_type.[i-s.env_global_type.Length]
    let v s i = if i < s.env_global_value.Length then s.env_global_value.[i] else s.env_stack_value.[i-s.env_global_value.Length]
```

Let me do it like this.

I am not sure why I am treating the type free vars like that in the prototype, but it is almost certainly a mistake. Did I not have foralls in the prototype maybe? I can't recall. Whatever.

Let me do it right.

1:05pm. Had to take a break.

```fs
| EFun'(_,free_vars,i,body,annot) -> DFunction(body,annot,Array.map (v s) free_vars.term.free_vars,Array.map (vt s) free_vars.ty.free_vars,free_vars.term.stack_size,free_vars.ty.stack_size)
```

I admit the fact that `EFun'` has an id, but DFunction does not is stumping me.

```fs
        | EFun'(_,free_vars,i,body,annot) ->
            assert (free_vars.term.free_vars.Length = i)
            DFunction(body,annot,Array.map (v s) free_vars.term.free_vars,Array.map (vt s) free_vars.ty.free_vars,free_vars.term.stack_size,free_vars.ty.stack_size)
```

Let me plug in this assert.

Now let me do the forall.

```fs
        | EForall'(_,free_vars,i,body) ->
            assert (free_vars.ty.free_vars.Length = i)
            DForall(body,Array.map (v s) free_vars.term.free_vars,Array.map (vt s) free_vars.ty.free_vars,free_vars.term.stack_size,free_vars.ty.stack_size)
```

I'll get rid of the asserts later.

For now they are fine.

What is the next case?

```fs
    | Glob(e) -> ev d !e
    | Let(bind,on_succ) -> ev (push_value_var (ev d bind) d) on_succ
```

The first one is easy.

```fs
| ERecursive a -> ev s !a
```

The reason why it was called global in the prototype is because back then I did not figure out the trick of how to properly compile local mutually recursive statements.

```fs
    | RecBlock(l,on_succ) ->
        let l,d =
            let function' is_forall on_succ (data : ExprData) =
                TyFunction(on_succ,
                    data.type'.stack_size,Array.zeroCreate<_> data.type'.free_vars.Length,
                    data.value.stack_size,Array.zeroCreate<_> data.value.free_vars.Length,
                    is_forall)
            Array.mapFold (fun d x ->
                let data,x =
                    match x with
                    | Inl(on_succ,data) -> data,function' false on_succ data
                    | Forall(on_succ,data) -> data,function' true on_succ data
                    | _ -> raise_type_error d "Compiler error: Expected a inl or a forall in the recursive block."
                (data,x), push_value_var x d
                ) d l
        l |> Array.iter (function
            | data,TyFunction(_,_,c,_,e,_) ->
                data.type'.free_vars |> Array.iteri (fun i x -> c.[i] <- vt x) // Don't mind the lack of d being passed to vt and v.
                data.value.free_vars |> Array.iteri (fun i x -> e.[i] <- v x)
            | _ -> failwith "impossible"
            )
        ev d on_succ
```

Hehehe, I no longer have any need for this.

```fs
| ERecBlock -> failwith "Compiler error: Recursive blocks should be inlined and eliminated during the prepass."
```

This is such a major part of Spiral and it is so much better this time around.

```fs
| Let(bind,on_succ) -> ev (push_value_var (ev d bind) d) on_succ
```

The next one is this. The basic let statement.

1:20pm.

```fs
| ELet(r,i,a,b) ->  ev (add_trace (store_value_var s i (ev s a)) r) b
```

Let me make those two helper functions. This time all the let bindings have ids so I can't just keep pushing the variables.

1:25pm. Focus me. Stop getting lost in daydreams.

```fs
let add_trace (s : LangEnv) r = {s with trace = r :: s.trace}
let store_value_var (s : LangEnv) i v = s.env_stack_value.[i-s.env_global_value.Length] <- v; s
let store_type_var (s : LangEnv) i v = s.env_stack_type.[i-s.env_global_type.Length] <- v; s
```

This is good.

1:35pm.

```fs
let store_value_var (s : LangEnv) i v = s.env_stack_value.[i-s.env_global_value.Length] <- v
let store_type_var (s : LangEnv) i v = s.env_stack_type.[i-s.env_global_type.Length] <- v
```

Let me do it like this.

```fs
| ELet(r,i,a,b) -> store_value_var s i (ev s a); ev (add_trace s r) b
```

Now this is more sensible.

```fs
    | LitTest(a,b,on_succ,on_fail) ->
        let b = v b
        if lit_to_ty a = data_to_ty b then if_ (eq d (TyLit a) b) on_succ on_fail
        else ev d on_fail
    | PairTest(x,on_succ,on_fail) ->
        match v x with
        | TyPair(a,b) -> ev (push_value_var a d |> push_value_var b) on_succ
        | _ -> ev d on_fail
    | KeywordTest(keyword, bind, on_succ, on_fail) ->
        match v bind with
        | TyKeyword(keyword', l) when keyword = keyword' -> ev {d with env_stack_value_ptr=Array.fold push_var_ptr d.env_stack_value_ptr l} on_succ
        | _ -> ev d on_fail
```

The next should be these. But this is not what I feel like doing right now.

What I really want to do are join points.

1:45pm.

```fs
| DFunction of body : E * annot : T option * term : Data [] * ty : Ty [] * term_stack_size : StackSize * ty_stack_size : StackSize
```

It really bothers me that this here is `T option`...

No, ignore that. If necessary I'll change this, but only if needed.

What is really putting huge pressure on me is...

```fs
let data_to_ty closure_convert env x =
    let m = Dictionary(HashIdentity.Reference)
    let rec f x =
        Utils.memoize m (function
            | DPair(a,b) -> YPair(f a, f b)
            | DSymbol a -> YSymbol a
            | DRecord l -> YRecord(Map.map (fun _ -> f) l)
            | DNominal(_,a) | DV(L(_,a)) -> a
            | DLit x -> lit_to_ty x
            | DB -> YB
            | DFunction(a,Some b,c,d,e,z) -> closure_convert env a b c d e z
            | DFunction(_,None,_,_,_,_) -> raise_type_error env "Cannot convert a function that is not annotated into a type."
            | DForall -> raise_type_error env "Cannot convert a forall into a type."
            ) x
    f x
```

Unlike before I can't convert functions to their type directly. I have to get this out of the way.

1:45pm. I've broken the ice a little and got the feeling for the partial evaluator. But join points are one of the most major parts of it.

I want to do the regular join points and the closure conversion one. If I can do that then I will have trully stepped over the threeshold.

Join points are not a trivial thing by any means. It took me an enormous amount of time to uncover their structure in 2017 and 2018. With my current mental state it would be impossible to do this work today, but I do have my cache of experience and the work on the prototype to go by. I must tackle this.

1:55pm. I am making progress at a snail's pace. But it is important that I say it out loud - I want to do this!

It is like jamming a wedge. I might be tired and unmotivated, but having a clearly stated goal acts as a beacon towards where I need to go. There are a hundred other things I could do, but I do not need to hesitate. I will do the thing I stated because I have stated it.

Let me take a short break here.

2:15pm. Ahhh, the path of transcendence. It does not have to be demonic, but what is right and wrong depends on the context.

Right now my urges for it are so overflowing it is maddening. Why can't the people living in this world see that the universe is a prison? Why is it so hard to accept?

But I am the one who is wrong to feel this way about others. Yet, I cannot stop this. Maybe it was a fate that I should become a villain. I certainly have the poverty aspect of it down.

To me the ideal universe is the one where everyone accepts the path of transcendence. I am not aloof like Fang Yuan - if I had the power I'd definitely not accept any other way in others. I'd spread despair and suffering until the humans are cooked. My realm would be one of nightmares.

2:25pm. I want to make up my mind to whole heartedly dedicate myself to it. I do not want my heart to have a split dedication. I do not want to make any more exceptions.

The fact that I am of this age, and still haven't made a cent despite working so much is amongst the worst case scenarios. Holy shit is real life relentless. First I was coerced in wasting my prime years in school, then I could not beat the markets after that. I keep being coerced by circumstance in such unfavorable positions time after time after time.

Even if I want to be aloof, I have a mad boner for revenge right now. Damn, I am pissed. If I could I'd just stay in bed all day until this feeling of agitation passes, but I have to use my time intelligently.

Eventually, all strong feelings burn themselves away leaving behind wisdom. I look forward to that time.

2:30pm. I've made up my mind. I want to use the power of the path to make this world submit to me. I won't respect anyone else's will. Not unless they prove themselves. And I will consider that justice.

The self improvement loop was justice enough to bring me to tears.

Even though it is unusable for me due to circumstance, there will be other things I can use on the broader path. I will believe in it. The self improvement look is just a small part of it that comes later in the game.

2:35pm. I am mad that I allowed my circumstances to shake my heart so much.

2:40pm. Ok, ok, let me take a real break. Right now this feeling is so intense that there is no way I can focus on programming. Fatigue on one side, this feeling on the other. My distraction is maximal even though I have all the time to myself.

I'll do the chores here and maybe spend the rest of the day in bed.

I need to calm the fuck down."

---
## [Khushisomani/codes](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes)@[4348b9ec45...](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes/commit/4348b9ec452e422b7c8b093b620e623a0eb0e727)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 14:19:47 by Khushisomani

Walk

Chef and his girlfriend are going to have a promenade. They are walking along the straight road which consists of segments placed one by one. Before walking Chef and his girlfriend stay at the beginning of the first segment, they want to achieve the end of the last segment.

There are few problems:

At the beginning Chef should choose constant integer - the velocity of mooving. It can't be changed inside one segment.
The velocity should be decreased by at least 1 after achieving the end of some segment.
There is exactly one shop on each segment. Each shop has an attractiveness. If it's attractiveness is W and Chef and his girlfriend move with velocity V then if V < W girlfriend will run away into the shop and the promenade will become ruined.
Chef doesn't want to lose her girl in such a way, but he is an old one, so you should find the minimal possible velocity at the first segment to satisfy all conditions.

---
## [Pcola129/ahgoverhaul](https://github.com/Pcola129/ahgoverhaul)@[eba65dc21a...](https://github.com/Pcola129/ahgoverhaul/commit/eba65dc21abee1bcff6c9e2e4b0f7fa77d8cd994)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 15:17:54 by N0zza

Revert "no fuck you"

This reverts commit ffa967df2e99b54f8544d7bb78914f46aebf7d85.

---
## [Bitcoin-ABC/bitcoinabc.org](https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/bitcoinabc.org)@[1e18741718...](https://github.com/Bitcoin-ABC/bitcoinabc.org/commit/1e187417185898bbc6317e41986e89a6d59e9404)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 16:35:35 by Jason B. Cox

Add version anchors to release page

Summary:
This allows us to link to specific releases (for as long as they are
available on the release page) using an anchor. Example: http://localhost:4000/releases/#0.22.0

This ensures that tweets and other social media posts have good SEO by not always pointing
to the same link (plain `/releases/`) over and over, as well as a better user experience
for people looking for old releases.

The implementation is a little unfortunately hacky since there is no way to define offsets for
an anchor. We need to make room for the nav bar, and anchoring the target content to the absolute
top edge of the screen is not always good UX anyway.

Test Plan:
`make serve`

Navigating to latest version brings you to the top of the page: http://localhost:4000/releases/#0.22.2

Navigating to most recent past version puts thoe whole past versions table in view: http://localhost:4000/releases/#0.22.1

Navigating to some older versions always puts them in view:
http://localhost:4000/releases/#0.22.0
http://localhost:4000/releases/#0.21.13
http://localhost:4000/releases/#0.21.2

Navigating to a very old version lands you on the top of the page: http://localhost:4000/releases/#0.20.0
(IMO this is good, as very old versions will tend to be out of consensus anyway, so encouraging the user to
upgrade should be the goal)

Reviewers: #bitcoin_abc, deadalnix

Reviewed By: #bitcoin_abc, deadalnix

Differential Revision: https://reviews.bitcoinabc.org/D7675

---
## [zi0r/gdnsd](https://github.com/zi0r/gdnsd)@[208cd22e54...](https://github.com/zi0r/gdnsd/commit/208cd22e5414fecf0689ebc6dfaa4a823aa3e2eb)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 16:40:54 by Brandon L Black

Revamping the TCP code, again

I still wasn't very happy with the state of the dnsio_tcp code.
It really deserves to be more of a first-class citizen than it has
been so far, and there's also the impending DNS Stateful
Operations (DSO) draft that we'll want to eventually support.
When looking at how DSO would factor into the code, I found there
were lots of corner cases that weren't well explored in the
existing code, too, and decided to just revamp the whole thing
again for the Nth time.

Various highlights:

*Parameters*

* tcp_clients_per_thread minimum changed from 32 to 16
* tcp_clients_per_thread default changed from 128 to 256
* tcp_fastopen default changed from 128 to 256
* tcp_timeout max value changed from 1080 to 1800
* tcp_backlog param added in case anyone needs a non-default
  listen() backlog, and the new default is SOMAXCONN.

*Behavior*

* tcp_timeout is now the /client/ side timeout (what we tell
  clients to use as an idle/inactivity timeout if they support
  such signalling), and the server-side cutoff at which we RST a
  delinquent inactive connection is now fixed at double the
  specified client-side timeout.  Currently the only signalling is
  via EDNS TCP Keepalive on applicable responses, but in the
  future we'd send a similar value via DSO KeepAlive as well.

* Timeout values are now fixed at runtime and do not auto-scale as
  connection load rises.  This raised too many problematic
  edge-cases that are difficult to solve efficiently when
  intersecting with other necessary features.

* When thread (daemon) shutdown is requested, all advertised
  timeouts switch to zero (and in the DSO case, we'd send a
  server-initiated unidirectional DSO KeepAlive to all clients
  indicating the zero), and a two-phase graceful shutdown
  commences which can last up to 10 seconds: 5s of continued
  normal request processing while advertising zero timeouts, then
  send a DSO Retry Delay or TCP FIN as appropriate and wait a
  further 5 seconds draining reads and waiting for the client to
  close before resetting any remaining connections on exit).

* The response-writing part of the code no longer allows write
  syscalls to block (well, to return EAGAIN and cause us to return
  to the event loop with a stalled transaction in its write phase,
  which is effectively blocking in the context of one connection).
  If a full response cannot immediately be written to the TCP
  output buffers (e.g. because they're full and so is the TCP
  window to the client), it is assumed that client and/or network
  misbehavior is in play and the connection is reset abruptly.

* All of the state and logic for implementing DSO is already in
  place, just not the actual protocol-level support for reading
  and writing DSO messages.

*Testing*

  While we've always tested TCP in the most-basic sense, we've
never had tests that exercise multiple client connections in
parallel and reach various corner cases (max clients, timeouts,
failures at various mid-transaction points, etc).

  The testsuite now configures a daemon with minimal TCP
parameters (tcp_timeout=5, tcp_clients_per_thread=16,
tcp_threads=1) and overwhelms it with 300 client connections (as
fast as it can spawn them) exercising an array of different "good"
and "bad" client behaviors with various random artificial delays
injected at critical points.  It should be fairly thorough at
ensuring stupid state and/or behavioral bugs that would only arise
with multiple clients are properly caught.

  In the parts that test TCP timeouts (including the graceful
shutdown timeouts at daemon exit), there's no good way to speed up
the slowness of the testing, so a new environment variable
SLOW_TESTS=1 must be set to enable the slow parts of these tests.
Without the variable we still test the 300 connection scenario, we
just don't exercise the case of clients hanging until the server
them times out at runtime and during daemon shutdown.  It's set in
our default QA scripts, but not default for manual "make check"
invocations because the additional delay is annoying when you're
not working on the TCP code itself.

*TODO*

  The next obvious steps in no particular order are the protocol
implementation of DSO itself (which may stall on the publishing of
the final RFC) and the refactoring our read-side buffering so that
we can guarantee <= 1 read per req (even under pipeline pressure)
while still treating concurrent connections fairly.  Currently we
have the fairness part down, but at the cost of a fixed 2 reads
per req.  I don't know yet if either of those changes will make
the cut for 3.0.0.  If not, they might end up in a relatively
quick 3.1.0 follow-up.

---
## [openshift/must-gather-operator](https://github.com/openshift/must-gather-operator)@[4a5cb825f5...](https://github.com/openshift/must-gather-operator/commit/4a5cb825f573d5c7139470b78230db5b915520f6)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 17:05:32 by Eric Fried

Boilerplate: Update to d22b1886428528bac433e154f219b9c91437edd0

Conventions:
- openshift/golang-osd-operator: Update
---
https://github.com/openshift/boilerplate/compare/d208d8f54fb51ad137b3827baa1b264a33ed4bcc...d22b1886428528bac433e154f219b9c91437edd0

commit: b24e8d5d094a339ad622589e42f3790568e54130
author: Benjamin Dematteo
Integrating remaining comments from PR#41 review

commit: 9c5adcc6a9026422324e77d0fbf8c4c3dc2df90f
author: Eric Fried
Script/target to generate a commit after update

This adds a `boilerplate-commit` target brought in by the nexus
makefile, intended for use by consuming repositories. The target invokes
a script of the same name that creates a git commit out of your current
unstaged changes if they relate to boilerplate bootstrap, update, and/or
subscriptions. When the changes include an update, the generated commit
message contains a log summary of the boilerplate commits brought in by
the update, as well as a github `compare` URL for the same, in the
spirit of promote.sh.

commit: 039f40dea15739c856a5568707a9d14912bb9cd6
author: Eric Fried
Configure golangci-lint to keep going

By default, golangci-lint will stop printing errors after a certain
limit. This can be annoying, especially in CI, as you would have to keep
running it repeatedly to fix all the problems. So this commit adds
configuration values to disable those limits, meaning *all* errors will
be printed on each run.

commit: 7c3a564e8524fc827dc00e0fddcabaf8f12ba5bb
author: Eric Fried
Disallow (most) dirty checkouts when updating

Since boilerplate update messes with your local checkout, it can be hard
to recover pre-existing local changes if something goes wrong and you
need to back out. With this commit, update fails quickly if your
checkout is not clean.

However, to facilitate the most common workflows, we allow the following
exceptions:
- We try to detect when you're bootstrapping, and allow only the files
related to that.
- We try to detect when you're only updating the config, i.e. changing
subscriptions, and allow that.

commit: 237207a4900095092aa31ec9b0de1edabc084bdf
author: Eric Fried
Refactor: Rename local vars in update

The variable names in the main update script were ambiguous and confused
me every time I had to deal with the script. Change them to be more
developer-friendly.

commit: b41514107d7632063be4afd2279fdb5dcffa9670
author: Benjamin Dematteo
Adding a check_generation make target to check generated files are not altered

commit: 601c37ed1ce04801cce664f4b97052fe993c7ebe
author: Arjun Naik
Fixed where git is installed in image

Signed-off-by: Arjun Naik <anaik@redhat.com>

commit: 9fb2d8bbcf252be54f49ec482d4e353b2bb6cdb2
author: Eric Fried
s/update-boilerplate/boilerplate-update/

Rename the `make` target according to the noun-verb format we've been
standardizing on.

commit: e427cf54e5517edbfb8597eebc3aad7bd536396e
author: Eric Fried
Update README with a bootstrap scriptlet

Bootstrapping was slightly painful, comprising multiple steps, one of
which was clicking around to download a file. This commit adds a
paste-into-console-able scriptlet to the README to make it effectively a
single step.

commit: 3226121cffff5e42d205e88dbd534b8021f22456
author: Eric Fried
golang-osd-operator update calls out codecov integration

Update the output of the `openshift/golang-osd-operator` convention's
`update` script to point to the code coverage integration SOP.

Jira: [OSD-5134](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OSD-5134)

---
## [Ivy7493/WOSA3004_final_project](https://github.com/Ivy7493/WOSA3004_final_project)@[5235d831a4...](https://github.com/Ivy7493/WOSA3004_final_project/commit/5235d831a4965d217b1d952ab183e76c4283afea)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 18:33:26 by Ivy7493

- added shaders

- Arcane explosion
- Earth Quake was changed to Blood Web
- Blood shader added
- removed annoying ass camera fuck unity

---
## [keshavgbpecdelhi/DeDRM_tools](https://github.com/keshavgbpecdelhi/DeDRM_tools)@[e6f51c8db2...](https://github.com/keshavgbpecdelhi/DeDRM_tools/commit/e6f51c8db2d5c8ae8c6f396d66763f21832f7ea9)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 18:54:17 by keshavgbpecdelhi

although 

One thing we should remember the authenticity of work is must. I mean "athough" is a small spelling mistake but still important to be corrected as you know whosoever read our README.md would get a wrong impression from these silly mistakes.
Sorry it may be annoying but yeah...

---
## [pleaserespond/COM3D2.ModelExportMMD](https://github.com/pleaserespond/COM3D2.ModelExportMMD)@[36d97c6662...](https://github.com/pleaserespond/COM3D2.ModelExportMMD/commit/36d97c6662abfb8e4dc79dcb322dce615f8766ff)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 20:29:43 by unknown

Fix render texture fix

No seriously how did the original author not notice that the texture is fine,
just the alpha is fucked? I mean FUCK, you know how much time I lost to this
shit? FUCK YOU. I already solved that with the old cunt exporter but thought
it's a different problem now because this is the shiny new exporter but no. No,
it's the same fucking problem. Bloody stupid.

---
## [gearmover/notes](https://github.com/gearmover/notes)@[4eea43897d...](https://github.com/gearmover/notes/commit/4eea43897d310a6f4220f86fd0a4f8b0b28e83ef)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 20:32:38 by Christopher Pergrossi

Updated the Complete Crimes of My Life: I was 14 and not older in a couple of the events, I learned from Magic while defeating evil.

---
## [haxscramper/nimtrail](https://github.com/haxscramper/nimtrail)@[e252d568db...](https://github.com/haxscramper/nimtrail/commit/e252d568dbd11d44e14a05c8f80e8c2a297cf71a)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 21:01:35 by haxscramper

[CHECKPOINT] More C++ fixes

I just fucking *love* C++ - you can't even take random header file
from stdlib and simply /parse/ it. Nice shit, love it.

---
## [UAL-ODIS/ReQUIAM_csv](https://github.com/UAL-ODIS/ReQUIAM_csv)@[ac897392ea...](https://github.com/UAL-ODIS/ReQUIAM_csv/commit/ac897392ea09c5c69e5cdb184bb3cfe579b7b64d)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-30 22:44:24 by Chun Ly

Updates to CSV file (iss #37)

  1005 Sch of Landscape Architecture
  1003 Drachman Institute
  3506 School of Theatre Arts
  3507 School of Media Arts
  1001 CAPLA Administration
  3501 Fine Arts Administration
    2D 2D
    3D 3D
   ARH ART HISTORY
  AVCE ARTS AND VISUAL CULTURE EDUCATION
  CERA CERAMICS
   CST COSTUME
  FNDN FOUNDATIONS
  GALY GALLERIES
  PHTO PHOTOGRAPHY
  PRNT PRINTMAKING
  PTDR PAINTING AND DRAWING
  SCLP SCULPTURE
  VISC VISUAL COMMUNICATIONS
   VRC VISUAL RESOURCE CENTER
  AJDS AZ JASS DANCE SHOWCASE
  CNTS SEASON CONCERTS
    GC GRADUATE STUDENT CONCERT
  SEDT STEVIE ELLER DANCE THEATRE
  ESTE LARRY ESTES
  HARA MB HARALOVICH
  JENK JENNY JENKINS
  MAKI YURI MAKINO
  MARP MARPL
  MULC MICHAEL MULCAHY
  OWCZ KIM OWCZARSKI
  PETT HOMER PETTEY
  RODD PATRICK RODDY
  ROOM DOT ROOME
  SECK BEVERLY SECKINGER
  SELZ BARBARA SELZNICK
   SKY LISANNE SKYLER
   ADM TAR ADMIN OFFICE
   LGT LIGHTING
   MKT MARKETING
   PNT PAINT
   PRP PROPS
   SCN SCENE
   SND SOUND
   STD TAR STUDIES
  3001 Eller Administration
  8304 Testing Office
  0118 Agric & Resource Econ-Ins
  2418 Agricultural Resource Econ-Res
  3002 School of Public Admin and Policy
  3003 Finance
  3004 Management and Organizations
  3005 Economic Business Research Ctr
  3006 Marketing
  3007 School of Accountancy
  3010 Management Information Systems
  3012 Karl Eller Grad School of Mgmt
  3013 Economic Science Laboratory
  3014 Ctr for Mgmt of Information
  3016 Eller Undergraduate Programs
  1404 PHYSICAL EDUCATION PROGRAM
  3208 Teaching Teacher Education
  3212 Language Reading and Culture
  3201 Education - Dean's Office
  0460 Ctr Interpretation Test & Rsch
  0467 Sch of Intl Lang Lit & Culture
  0472 Public & Applied Humanities
  0473 Center for Buddhist Studies
  0474 Center for Digital Humanities
  9303 Ctr for Educ Rsch in Culture
  0439 East Asian Studies
  0427 Humanities Administration
  0452 Writing Skills Improvement
  2505 GUADALAJARA SUMMER SCHOOL
  HMNT College of Humanities
  3601 Law Administration
  3602 Law Library
  3603 Law Instruction
  3301 College of Nursing
  3302 CON Accelerated Partnership Pg
  0655 COM PHX Emergency Med Rsch Ctr
  0660 COM Phx Basic Medical Sci
  0662 COM Phx NanoBioscience & Med
  0664 COM Phx Anesthesiology
  0665 COM Phx Biomedical Informatics
  0666 COM Phx Child Health
  0667 COM Phx Emergency Medicine
  0668 COM Phx Family Commun&Prev Med
  0669 COM Phx Internal Medicine
  0670 COM Phx Neurology
  0671 COM Phx Obstetrics&Gynecology
  0672 COM Phx Ophthalmology
  0673 COM Phx Orthopedics
  0674 COM Phx Psychiatry
  0675 COM Phx Physical Med & Rehab
  0676 COM Phx Radiology
  0677 COM Phx Surgery
  0678 COM Phx Neurosurgery
  0679 COM Phx Urology
  0680 COM Phx Pathology
  0681 COM Phx Dermatology
  0682 COM Phx Molecular Medicine
  0683 COM Phx Radiation Oncology
  0684 COM Phx Bioethics Med Humanism
  0686 COM Phx Ctr Tox&Pharm Ed&Res
  0687 COM Phx Translational Neurosci
  0688 COM-Phx Interdisc Oncology
  0659 COM Phx Campus Administration
  1902 Pharmaceutical Sciences
  1903 Pharmacology and Toxicology
  1904 Center for Phytomedicine Rsch
  1905 Pharmacy Practice and Science
  1906 HOPE Center
  1907 Center for Toxicology
  1908 Poison Control Center
  1901 Pharmacy Administration
  0700 Otolaryngology
  0702 Surgery
  0703 Obstetrics and Gynecology
  0704 Family and Community Medicine
  0705 Physiology
  0707 Immunobiology
  0708 Chemistry & Biochemistry-Med
  0709 Pediatrics
  0710 Cellular & Molecular Medicine
  0711 Medical Imaging
  0712 Arizona Center on Aging
  0715 Anesthesiology
  0713 Medicine
  0716 Sarver Heart Center
  0717 Psychiatry
  0718 Neurology
  0719 Pharmacology
  0720 Pathology
  0724 Ophthalmology & Vision Science
  0729 Biomedical Communications
  0741 Radiation Oncology
  0744 Clinical Teaching
  0750 Dept of Emergency Medicine
  0752 Medical Student Research Prog
  0755 Physiology-Research
  0757 Immunobiology-Research
  0758 Chemistry & Biochemistry-Rsch
  0760 Cellular & Molecular Med-Rsch
  0763 Medicine-Research
  0768 Neurology-Research
  0769 Pharmacology-Research
  0771 Arthritis Center-Research
  0772 Children's Research Center
  0775 AZ Emergency Medicine Rsch Ctr
  0779 Liver Research Institute
  0784 Arizona Telemedicine Program
  0785 COM Clinical Rural Rotations
  0786 Orthopaedic Surgery
  0788 Andrew Weil Ctr Intgrtv Med
  0790 COM General - Research
  0792 AHS Continuing Medical Educ
  0795 Valley Fever Ctr for Excellnc
  0805 Neurosurgery
  0810 Urology
  0850 Diabetes Research
  0851 Neuro Degeneration&Repair Rsch
  0852 Cardiovascular Biology Rsch
  0853 Cancer Research
  0854 Adv Rsch Inst Biomed Imaging
  1401 Physiology-Undergraduate Prog
  6810 AHS General
  0701 Medicine Administration
  0796 AHS Provost Administration
  0798 COM Administration-Research
  4203 Health Education-Undergraduate
  4204 Epidemiology and Biostatistics
  4205 Health Promotion Sciences
  4206 Community Environment & Policy
  4207 Canyon Ranch Ctr Health Promo
  4211 Global Health Institute
  4212 Public Hlth Pract & Trans Rsch
  4213 ESRAC
  6816 Ctr of Excellence Womens Hlth
  4201 Public Health Administration
  60XX BMS Department
  60YY BMS Graduate Program
  84BE COM Phx  Bioethics
  65BI COM Phx BMI
  65CD COM Phx Clinical Decision
  65CI COM Phx Clinical Informatics
  60AG BMS- A. Gallitano
  85MM COM-Phx IMM Lab
  85PI COM-Phx Pediatric Infectious Disease
  85RF COM Phx Neuro-Dev Disorders Lab R Frye
  85NG COM Phx NG Lab
  85NT COM Phx NT Lab
  86CD COM P Program for Clinical Decision Supt
  86CT COM Phx CTPER
  86MD COM Phx Center for Med Decision Support
  86PM COM Phx Precision Medicine
  55EM COM Phx  Emerg Med
  68FC COM Phx  FCM
  69CR COM Phx  Cardiology
  69CI COMP  Clinical Informatics
  69CS COM Phx Clin Data Analytics & Dec Spt
  69CT COM Phx  Clinical Trials-Internal Med
  69EN COM Phx Endocrinology
  69GI COM Phx Gastroenterology
  69HT COM Phx Hospitalist Internal Medicine
  69ID COM Phx Infectious Disease
  69IG COM Phx Internal Geriatric
  69PU COM Phx Pulmonary
  69RE COM Phx Rheumatology
  62NB NanoBioscience Department
  78BA Neurosurgery Banner
  78BN Neurosurgery BNI
  71OB COM Phx Obstetrics & Gynecology
  60AS BMS- A. Sertil
  60AT BMS- A. Titelbaum
  60BH BMS- B. Handa
  77ES COM Phx Endocrinology Surgery
  77OL COM Phx Otolaryngology
  77PL COM Phx Plastics Surgery
  60DF BMS- D. Ferguson
  77TR COM Phx Trauma Surgery
  77TS COM Phx Transplant Surgery
  60EG BMS-E. Garofalo
  87TN COM Phx Translational Neuroscience
  88IO COM Phx Interdisciplinary Oncology
  69CD COM Phx  Cardiolgoy
  69IM COM Phx  Internal Medicine
  69LT COM Phx Liver Transplant Internal Med
  69PM COM Phx PMI internal Medicine
  60EN BMS- E. Nikulina
  60HG BMS- H. Glowacka
  60JH BMS- J. Hsieh
  60KG BMS- K. Gustin
  60KH BMS- K. Hastings
  60KW BMS- K. Whitfield
  60MH BMS- M. Herbst-Kralovetz
  60MO BMS- M. O'Neil
  60PB BMS- P. Boehmer
  60PS BMS- P. Standley
  60RF BMS- R. Fisher
  60RG BMS- R. Gonzales
  60RH BMS- R. Hammer
  60SK BMS- S. Kim
  60SQ BMS- S. Qiu
  60SS BMS- S. Sharma
  60SZ BMS- S. Zack
  60TA BMS- T. Anderson
  60TH BMS- T. Hale
  60WL BMS- W. Lee
  62FZ Nano- F. Zenhausern
  62JG Nano- Jian Gu
  62JL Nano- J. Lacombe
  69GR COM Phx  Cardiolgoy - Guy Reed
  69MG COM Phx  Cardiolgoy - Martha Gulati
  69JH COM P Internal Medicine- Jui-Cheng Hsieh
  69MF COM Phx Internal Medicine - Mike Fallon
  85JL COM Phx NT Lab - Jonathan Lifshitz
  85RR COM Phx NT Lab - Rachel Rowe
  85TT COM Phx NT Lab - Theresa Thomas
  85MK COM Phx NG Lab - Michael Kruer
  69KK COM Phx Pulmonary - Ken Knox
  69TW COM Phx Pulmonary - Ting Wang
  85TS COM-Phx Ped Infect Dis - Terrence Stull
  85DA COM-Phx IMM Lab - David Azorsa
  0721 Cancer Center Division
  0723 Asthma/Airway Disease Rsch Ctr
  0753 Hispanic Center of Excellence
  0799 AZ Simulation Technology & Edu
  3310 AZ Health Education Centers
  6802 UAHS Clin & Interprof Skills
  6807 UAHS Research
  6815 All of Us Research Program
  6820 UAHS Brain Science
  9941 UAHS Banner Space
  ABCD AZ Cntr for Biology of Complex Diseases
  EMBI Evelyn F. McKnight Brain Institute
  MCRO Microcirculation
  NSMA Neural Systems Memory and Aging
  OPSC James C Wyant Coll Optical Sci
  0102 Veterinary Sci & Microbio-Ins
  0108 Agric Educ Tech & Innov-Ins
  0112 Sch of Natural Resources-Ins
  0115 Arid Lands Studies-Ins
  0121 Environmental Science-Ins
  0123 Nutritional Sciences-Ins
  0124 Animal Sciences-Ins
  0125 School of Plant Sciences-Ins
  0131 Entomology-Ins
  0150 Animal&Biomedical Sciences-Ins
  1202 Water Resources Rsch Ctr-Res
  2402 VeterinaryA Sci & Microbio-Res
  2406 Campus Agriculture Center
  2408 Agric Educ Tech & Innov-Res
  2411 Arizona Experiment Station
  2412 Sch of Nat Resource&Enviro-Res
  2415 Safford Agriculture Center
  2416 YCEDA
  2419 Citrus Agriculture Center
  2421 Environmental Science-Res
  2423 Nutritional Sciences-Res
  2424 Animal Sciences-Res
  2425 School of Plant Sciences-Res
  2426 MARANA AGRICULTURE CENTER
  2427 DK Ranch
  2428 V-Bar-V Ranch-Res
  2429 Yuma Agriculture Center-Res
  2430 Maricopa Agricultural Ctr-Res
  2431 Entomology-Res
  2433 AZ Veterinary Diagnostic Lab
  2450 Animal&Biomedical Sciences-Res
  2503 Arid Lands Studies-Res
  2504 Agriculture Demonstration Farm
  0402 Atmospheric Sciences
  0417 Molecular and Cellular Biology
  0422 Astronomy
  0425 Chemistry
  0426 Planetary Sciences
  0438 MMT Observatory
  0501 Institute Atmospheric Physics
  2508 Biochem & Molecular Biophysics
  2519 Neuro Communication Disorders
  2522 AZ Research Labs - Science
  2524 AZ RESEARCH LABS - CHEMISTRY
  2525 AZ Research Labs - Geosciences
  2526 AZ Research Labs - Physics
  2528 Sch of Info: Sci Tech & Arts
  2533 GIDP Neuroscience
  2536 Chemistry & Biochemistry-Sci
  2871 Lowell Institute for Min Res
  0152 CALS Administration
  0442 Science Administration
  1101 Flandrau Science Center
  SCNC College of Science
  CARS Carson Scholars Programs
  CBPR CommunityBased Participatory Environment
  CCAS Ctr for Climate Adapt Sci and Solutions
  CLMS Climate Assessment for the Southwest
  HESJ Haury Prgm in Envr and Social Justice
   IEA IE Administration
  IRAP International Research Applications Prgm
  SWCA Southwest Climate Adaptation Science Ctr
  ABMS Analytical & Biological Mass Spec
  NPGP Peyghambarian Group
  BIOT Biotechnology
   CGF Cryogenics & Compressed Gas Facility
   CIS Center for Insect Science
  CORE Research Core Services
  CSGP Center for Insect Science GIDP
   FGC Functional Genomics Core
  FLOW Flow Cytometry Facility
  GENE Human Evolutionary Genetics
  IMGC Imaging Cores
  MNFC Micro/Nano Fabrication Center
   MSC Molecular Structures Core
   NRL Nuclear Reactor Laboratory
  SOCD Social Development
  TBIR Translational BioImaging Resource
  UAGC University of Arizona Genetics Core
  2523 Planning Degree Program
  0403 Political Science
  0414 Bur of Applied Rsch in Anthro
  0443 Social & Behavioral Sci Admin
  0444 Soc & Behavioral Sci Rsch Inst
  0445 SW Institute for Rsch on Women
  0447 Southwest Studies Center
  0449 Medieval Reformation Studies
  0476 Political Economy & Moral Sci
  1801 Arizona Quarterly
  2701 Journal of the Southwest
  3206 Sch of Info Res & Library Sci
  SBSC College of Social & Behav Sci
  0153 CALS Comm and Technologies
  0601 Bureau of Mineral Technology
  2306 Engineering Experiment Station
  2309 School of Sustainable Engr Sys
  0122 Biosystems Engineering - Ins
  2422 Biosystems Engineering - Res
  2301 Engineering Administration
   BCF Bio Computing Facility
  BMGP Biomedical Engineering GIDP
   MWC Machine & Welding Center

---

# [<](2020-09-29.md) 2020-09-30 [>](2020-10-01.md)

