# [<](2020-07-02.md) 2020-07-03 [>](2020-07-04.md)

115,772 events, 64,825 push events, 97,693 commit messages, 6,536,429 characters


## [Domiciano/PDailyAndroid](https://github.com/Domiciano/PDailyAndroid)@[9916038b31...](https://github.com/Domiciano/PDailyAndroid/commit/9916038b31f7b80e80467dbcba0196b88ddc31b3)
#### Friday 2020-07-03 22:18:17 by KeonsinKryte

Working on ScoreTestActivty. Moca is finished. Fuck you MOCA.

---
## [PolarisSS13/Polaris](https://github.com/PolarisSS13/Polaris)@[ce9ceb46e9...](https://github.com/PolarisSS13/Polaris/commit/ce9ceb46e9a5ae6c99a03c14e3f187c2d6944023)
#### Friday 2020-07-03 22:28:11 by Kates

Add clickable action buttons from /TG/, rework a lot of backend and other improvements. (#7315)

* Fix a typo in a verb.

* Add straffing to mechs. This took my entire morning goddamnit.
You now have a straffing verb. Very convenient to shoot while firing back.
Thanks to @drexample even if i didn't use all that much of the original code i stole.

* Change straffing to strafing.

* Correct an oversight.

* Add a variable that determines whether or not you are in a mech or fighter at the moment.

* Rework a lot of mech code backend and add clickable buttons.
- Gygax overload, Durand defence mode, phazon phase, marauder smoke, zoom and thrusters have been made into modular things. Just put the 'smoke_possible' var to get those actions.
- Move most abilities that aren't for default mechs to 'Mecha_actions.dm' for less huge of a file. Marauder abilities to be moved shortly.
- Lot of verbs have been broken into procs such as toggle_lights() now being a verb refering to a lights() proc for easier work later on.
- Delete some movement code duplications.
- Changed the smoke system to be more up to date, inspiration taken from the cooking machines.

* Space out some things for ease for reading.

* Improve the damage readout for mechs on examine

* Improve speed boost code to an easier to modify version.

* Deleting a couple few forgotten debug messages.

---
## [Snuffleupagus/pdf.js](https://github.com/Snuffleupagus/pdf.js)@[ca719ecaa4...](https://github.com/Snuffleupagus/pdf.js/commit/ca719ecaa4b39e08b5ea31e01f82ca6db19a8845)
#### Friday 2020-07-03 22:55:27 by Jonas Jenwald

Add local caching of `Function`s, by reference, in the `PDFFunctionFactory` (issue 2541)

Note that compared other structures, such as e.g. Images and ColorSpaces, `Function`s are not referred to by name, which however does bring the advantage of being able to share the cache for an *entire* page.
Furthermore, similar to ColorSpaces, the parsing of individual `Function`s are generally fast enough to not really warrant trying to cache them in any "smarter" way than by reference. (Hence trying to do caching similar to e.g. Fonts would most likely be a losing proposition, given the amount of data lookup/parsing that'd be required.)

Originally I tried implementing this similar to e.g. the recently added ColorSpace caching (and in a couple of different ways), however it unfortunately turned out to be quite ugly/unwieldy given the sheer number of functions/methods where you'd thus need to pass in a `LocalFunctionCache` instance. (Also, the affected functions/methods didn't exactly have short signatures as-is.)
After going back and forth on this for a while it seemed to me that the simplest, or least "invasive" if you will, solution would be if each `PartialEvaluator` instance had its *own* `PDFFunctionFactory` instance (since the latter is already passed to all of the required code). This way each `PDFFunctionFactory` instances could have a local `Function` cache, without it being necessary to provide a `LocalFunctionCache` instance manually at every `PDFFunctionFactory.{create, createFromArray}` call-site.

Obviously, with this patch, there's now (potentially) more `PDFFunctionFactory` instances than before when the entire document shared just one. However, each such instance is really quite small and it's also tied to a `PartialEvaluator` instance and those are *not* kept alive and/or cached. To reduce the impact of these changes, I've tried to make as many of these structures as possible *lazily initialized*, specifically:

 - The `PDFFunctionFactory`, on `PartialEvaluator` instances, since not all kinds of general parsing actually requires it. For example: `getTextContent` calls won't cause any `Function` to be parsed, and even some `getOperatorList` calls won't trigger `Function` parsing (if a page contains e.g. no Patterns or "complex" ColorSpaces).

 - The `LocalFunctionCache`, on `PDFFunctionFactory` instances, since only certain parsing requires it. Generally speaking, only e.g. Patterns, "complex" ColorSpaces, and/or (some) SoftMasks will trigger any `Function` parsing.

To put these changes into perspective, when loading/rendering all (14) pages of the default `tracemonkey.pdf` file there's now a total of 6 `PDFFunctionFactory` and 1 `LocalFunctionCache` instances created thanks to the lazy initialization.
(If you instead would keep the document-"global" `PDFFunctionFactory` instance and pass around `LocalFunctionCache` instances everywhere, the numbers for the `tracemonkey.pdf` file would be instead be something like 1 `PDFFunctionFactory` and 6 `LocalFunctionCache` instances.)
All-in-all, I thus don't think that the `PDFFunctionFactory` changes should be generally problematic.

With these changes, we can also modify (some) call-sites to pass in a `Reference` rather than the actual `Function` data. This is nice since `Function`s can also be `Streams`, which are not cached on the `XRef` instance (given their potential size), and this way we can avoid unnecessary lookups and thus save some additional time/resources.

Obviously I had intended to include (standard) benchmark results with these changes, but for reasons I don't really understand the test run-time (even with `master`) of the document in issue 2541 is quite a bit slower than in the development viewer.
However, logging the time it takes for the relevant `PDFFunctionFactory`/`PDFFunction ` parsing shows that it takes *approximately* `0.5 ms` for the `Function` in question. Looking up a cached `Function`, on the other hand, is *one order of magnitude faster* which does add up when the same `Function` is invoked close to 2000 times.

---
## [kingeric1992/reshade-shaders](https://github.com/kingeric1992/reshade-shaders)@[2879716bd1...](https://github.com/kingeric1992/reshade-shaders/commit/2879716bd19d88460c3afe4bde82e0801ba3d926)
#### Friday 2020-07-03 23:16:30 by BlueSkyDefender

Update Depth3D.fx

Depth3D: Harden to help prevent cheating.                                                       -=let me know if I can do more=-

+Cursor Is now Bound to the 3D image only.
+Removed Depth Buffer Debug view to keep users from using this to cheat.
+Basic VR Compatibility added so that it can be used with VR Desktop apps.
+Basic Theater Mode added for Cellphone VR users.
+Renamed many items in the UI to help new users with controlling this shader.
+New Depth Detection Code.
+New Screen Boundary Detection added.
+Edge Handling added from SuperDepth3D

Fixed issues with the UI in Freestyle and automated many functions as I could to reduce UI clutter. The idea was to keep as much of the functionality as possible without sacrificing too much.

Fixed issues with NV System that was causing a black screen on my Testers PC. This was not easy, I had to remote into a user's pc halfway across the world since I needed someone with an NV Card that was able to help me. Seems like this may be an issue for me with porting my other shaders. Thank you, Durante - aka Dorinte & TheGordinho - aka Gordinho

The goal of Depth3D to allow users to experience the world of 3D Gaming by adding real depth to your game. -=This shader requires depth access to work=-

This shader will work with 3D TV, 3D Monitors, and the NEW VR HMDs. The VR Theater experience worth exploring in VR.
Here are two free applications for VR Headsets That I seen people use that anyone can try.
Virtual Space
https://store.steampowered.com/app/703480/Virtual_Space/
Big Screen
https://bigscreenvr.com/help/gettingstarted/sbs3d/

Older games and non-VR games can benefit from being played again with Stereo3D.
I have been working on My 3D Shader for some time now and learned how to improve things over time even with limitations. My hope is to share this experience with as many people as possible.
I would like this shader to be considered as a standard shader to be used as openly as NV discontinued 3DVision Stereo Software. Since I know many users in the 3D community still enjoy 3D gaming.

Please let me know if there is anything I can change. That can help. Thank you.

Noted Issues
One of the things that bug me with Depth3D It's hard to use for new users. So I will be making better tutorials when I have the hardware to do so for VR.

---
## [xianwenchen/an-overlay](https://github.com/xianwenchen/an-overlay)@[a6fbaa2456...](https://github.com/xianwenchen/an-overlay/commit/a6fbaa24563aaa852a60bdeacb6ae633eb2ad178)
#### Friday 2020-07-03 23:24:08 by Xianwen Chen

Try to fix it again. Fuck you!

 Changes to be committed:
	modified:   sci-geosciences/sosicon/sosicon-2020.06.04.ebuild

---
## [nrjenk/rbxtech](https://github.com/nrjenk/rbxtech)@[2398452942...](https://github.com/nrjenk/rbxtech/commit/23984529425020370cb5494117dd4ec67bd9189d)
#### Friday 2020-07-03 23:43:03 by nrjenk

fixing more centering because i fucking hate my life.

---

# [<](2020-07-02.md) 2020-07-03 [>](2020-07-04.md)

