# [<](2020-03-10.md) 2020-03-11 [>](2020-03-12.md)

2,308,116 events, 1,161,346 push events, 1,880,186 commit messages, 135,943,419 characters


## [jefgodesky/thefifthworld-react](https://github.com/jefgodesky/thefifthworld-react)@[726f05f314...](https://github.com/jefgodesky/thefifthworld-react/commit/726f05f314f7bc1ebb77a322809c8dcbd9d8455e)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 00:23:54 by Jason Godesky

Community.adjustMonogamy

Monogamy is a pretty strong norm in the modern world, but by the time of the Fifth World, we'll likely return to the more common state of affairs, where polygamy is accepted in 85% or so of societies, even though, practically speaking, most people still wind up with just one partner, simply because that's how things are going to work out with a roughly 50/50 gender split. We want to be able to trace the decline of this institution, though, with people early on who are reticent to challenge social norms, and it falling to those most willing to buck social trends to innovate and change society. We'll be aiming for monogamy to reach zero in about 85% of all simulations, but this is the core of how that happens. Each person in the community who just lives her life in a polygamous relationship erodes monogamy as a norm, because polygamy isn't a weird, scary thing, it's just Aunt Jessica. But each adultery that rocks the community and involves a polygamous individual is going to reinforce those norms, convincing everyone that this is why we need monogamy, to avoid exactly this kind of drama.

---
## [hudmol/as_runcorn](https://github.com/hudmol/as_runcorn)@[648d3fce98...](https://github.com/hudmol/as_runcorn/commit/648d3fce98bb2f4bb29778241fcdf4b491146acd)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 00:32:13 by James Bullen

Piv#170742552 Pull archivist approved up the form for physical representations.

This is done in a stupid and ugly way, but the alternatives were worse
and would have involved major surgery on reformulator.

This is all just to say sorry to you, future developer, wondering how
things could have come to this.

---
## [S-B99/kamiblue](https://github.com/S-B99/kamiblue)@[13f6211d92...](https://github.com/S-B99/kamiblue/commit/13f6211d92fc23c6ee56b25db66137dbd415dda5)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 00:51:29 by pol-y-mer

merge autoez into combat improvements branch (#557)

* Auto stash before merge of "feature/master" and "origin/feature/master"

* code cleanup and optimization

* added autoez

* code cleanup and optimization

* version to 04

* Revert "version to 04"

This reverts commit 88ad4a9470064252b515eb8c831bc4d847e868f7.

* did i possibly code autoez?

thats a secret ill never tell you know u love me xox

* ok so it crashes now but its better than doing nothing

fuck

* fixed my autoez based off of backdoored's with a few peices omitted

* refactor and code cleanup for autoez

Co-authored-by: Bella <bella.who.two@gmail.com>

---
## [gkmatt29/Matplotlib-Challenge](https://github.com/gkmatt29/Matplotlib-Challenge)@[ad33bed4a9...](https://github.com/gkmatt29/Matplotlib-Challenge/commit/ad33bed4a9493b38dd819edab96c3c413546f391)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 02:55:19 by gkmatt29

Update README.md

Matplotlib Homework - The Power of Plots

Background
What good is data without a good plot to tell the story?
So, let's take what you've learned about Python Matplotlib and apply it to a real-world situation and dataset:

While your data companions rushed off to jobs in finance and government, you remained adamant that science was the way for you. Staying true to your mission, you've joined Pymaceuticals Inc., a burgeoning pharmaceutical company based out of San Diego. Pymaceuticals specializes in anti-cancer pharmaceuticals. In its most recent efforts, it began screening for potential treatments for squamous cell carcinoma (SCC), a commonly occurring form of skin cancer.
As a senior data analyst at the company, you've been given access to the complete data from their most recent animal study. In this study, 250 mice identified with SCC tumor growth were treated through a variety of drug regimens. Over the course of 45 days, tumor development was observed and measured. The purpose of this study was to compare the performance of Pymaceuticals' drug of interest, Capomulin, versus the other treatment regimens. You have been tasked by the executive team to generate all of the tables and figures needed for the technical report of the study. The executive team also has asked for a top-level summary of the study results.

Instructions
Your tasks are to do the following:


Generate a summary statistics table consisting of the mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and SEM of the tumor volume for each drug regimen.


Generate a bar plot using both Pandas's DataFrame.plot() and Matplotlib's pyplot that shows the number of data points for each treatment regimen.


NOTE: These plots should look identical.



Generate a pie plot using both Pandas's DataFrame.plot() and Matplotlib's pyplot that shows the distribution of female or male mice in the study.


NOTE: These plots should look identical.



Calculate the final tumor volume of each mouse across four of the most promising treatment regimens: Capomulin, Ramicane, Infubinol, and Ceftamin. Calculate the quartiles and IQR and quantitatively determine if there are any potential outliers across all four treatment regimens.


Using Matplotlib, generate a box and whisker plot of the final tumor volume for all four treatment regimens and highlight any potential outliers in the plot by changing their color and style.
Hint: All four box plots should be within the same figure. Use this Matplotlib documentation page for help with changing the style of the outliers.


Generate a line plot of time point versus tumor volume for a single mouse treated with Capomulin.


Generate a scatter plot of mouse weight versus average tumor volume for the Capomulin treatment regimen.


Calculate the correlation coefficient and linear regression model between mouse weight and average tumor volume for the Capomulin treatment. Plot the linear regression model on top of the previous scatter plot.


Look across all previously generated figures and tables and write at least three observations or inferences that can be made from the data. Include these observations at the top of notebook.


Here are some final considerations:


You must use proper labeling of your plots, to include properties such as: plot titles, axis labels, legend labels, x-axis and y-axis limits, etc.


See the starter workbook for help on what modules to import and expected format of the notebook.



Hints and Considerations


Be warned: These are very challenging tasks. Be patient with yourself as you trudge through these problems. They will take time and there is no shame in fumbling along the way. Data visualization is equal parts exploration, equal parts resolution.


You have been provided a starter notebook. Use the code comments as a reminder of steps to follow as you complete the assignment.


Don't get bogged down in small details. Always focus on the big picture. If you can't figure out how to get a label to show up correctly, come back to it. Focus on getting the core skeleton of your notebook complete. You can always revisit old problems.


While you are trying to complete this assignment, feel encouraged to constantly refer to Stack Overflow and the Pandas documentation. These are needed tools in every data analyst's tool belt.


Remember, there are many ways to approach a data problem. The key is to break up your task into micro tasks. Try answering questions like:


How does my DataFrame need to be structured for me to have the right x-axis and y-axis?


How do I build a basic scatter plot?


How do I add a label to that scatter plot?


Where would the labels for that scatter plot come from?


Again, don't let the magnitude of a programming task scare you off. Ultimately, every programming problem boils down to a handful of bite-sized tasks.


Get help when you need it! There is never any shame in asking. But, as always, ask a specific question. You'll never get a great answer to "I'm lost."

---
## [usavictor210/b](https://github.com/usavictor210/b)@[b533cafee5...](https://github.com/usavictor210/b/commit/b533cafee58cc111a77df637cb389e9b86971825)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 03:30:23 by Victor

PROGRESS REPORT 1 - 3/10/2020

** This is the more updated lore description. **

It's been several eternities, but we finally have opened the door to the abandoned laboratory. Many infinities ago, the great dan-simon was to create the fabled prestige layer of Intergalactic, but he was quickly never seen again after a tragic event. He sealed the door to the public and a trustworthy person was granted this ability to unseal it, in hopes that one day, the dream may come true. Upon unsealing the door, we are going to restore what was lost in this time of desperation; a time of fallen news tickers and in the midst of new chaos emerging from the mobile app. A time when peace was abundant within the discord is no more. There is only despair.

We knew that this day may come... 

... and there it is. The chosen one.

usavictor unseals the door. With his newfound power of JavaScript, he is no longer afraid of what his past predecessor could only achieve. The universe he once knew has shattered, and traces of Aarex have been left everywhere. He had created the almighty document of NG+3.1, however, it had not been fully executed. It had been sent to development hell itself. usavictor needed to return to create his own sacred modules with balance.

Within the old laboratory lies a series of blueprints, each blueprint showing the new capabilities of the galactic studies and the galactic dimensions themselves. Their power was never known to anyone but the creator. He begins to understand them, surely through several perspectives. However, when he tried to test them, it didn't work. He thought, that somehow he could fix these to help restore the old projects. Then it became clear.

He knows what he must do. He must restore the balance of the universe. The universe calls him, to rebalance the world and bring peace among matter and antimatter, with the new power of galactic dimensions and studies. Well, we really don't know about matter, or 5 hours. Those mean nothing to him anymore. What matters now is how we fix it.

He begins to run the antimatter machine... and a new journey begins.

This is Eternity Respecced.

INTERGALACTIC.

---
## [leahfortier/pokemon](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon)@[a91b720ac8...](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon/commit/a91b720ac8041b7f005f9423aa2f1954ce8663b7)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 05:54:50 by leahfortier

better things happening with ItemBlockerEffects

- handled recursion problem a little better I think I really hated the way it was before and I think this works? I don't know I'm real fucking dumb anyways it's not stack overflowing so I'll assume that it works :D
- oh also changed Twineedle in counteringTest because didn't remember that it can cause poison and that fucks shit up

---
## [MW-Lee/Blinder](https://github.com/MW-Lee/Blinder)@[494b2b22e4...](https://github.com/MW-Lee/Blinder/commit/494b2b22e43ca3bd610afa82f64e04013779e54b)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 09:14:20 by MWLee

ServerSetting

Editing send_Packet but fucking packet isn't work holy shit

---
## [prabhat774/device_X00T](https://github.com/prabhat774/device_X00T)@[8d0347768a...](https://github.com/prabhat774/device_X00T/commit/8d0347768a6facf7ab57fcb591ad62161cb81d42)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 09:50:20 by ShivamKumarJha

X00TD: overlay: lcd brightness: we love darkness :P

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f0cb4076f8...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f0cb4076f841ad06c4f08e068e1f626473f37bb7)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 10:26:09 by Marko Grdinić

"8:30am. I am up. I can't believe a third of the month is already over.

I had some time to think about this last night - rather than trying to rewrite everything in F# right away, what I should do is instead rewrite it in TS so that it follows proper programming principles.

Even if it is in TS, if this code was written properly, it would be much easier to grasp.

Before I can even rewrite it in F#, I need to make sure that I understand it. And it would be much more understandable if it was not such a mess in TS.

8:35am. Now let me chill for a bit.

Actually, before I can chill, let me deal with that side gig a bit more.

https://www.hellovinoth.com/ubuntu-14-04-renaming-ethernet-interfaces-from-p1p1%E2%80%B3-to-eth0%E2%80%B3/

Let me rename that network interface. Then...

https://mangadex.org/title/36283/looking-up-to-magical-girls

Finally this shit is out. This is not a guilty pleasure, but a masterpiece.

8:50am. Ugh, the instructions on that page look like such an absolute pain in the ass to follow.

10:05am. https://askubuntu.com/questions/217635/how-to-rename-an-ethernet-interface

I am going to try editing '/etc/udev/rules.d/75-persistent-net-generator.rules' to do what it says here.

I hate Linux so damn much. It is always takes a humiliating song and dance to get anything to work properly on it. I should be starting my day by chilling and then moving to programming, but I am wasting my time with this instead.

10:15am. For some reason it does not seem like the udev rules are doing anything.

10:30am. https://groups.google.com/a/grasehotspot.org/forum/#!topic/grase-hotspot/mz-i-_03YlE

I hadn't known that `sudo update-grub` recreates the `grub.cfg` file. I've been using that command sporadically.

`GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX="net.ifnames=0 biosdevname=0"`

I keep seeing this as being `GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX="net.ifnames=1 biosdevname=0"` elsewhere and it is confusing. Let me try the first one.

11:05am. Ok, I understand now. I finally got the hotspot under control.

`GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX="net.ifnames=0 biosdevname=0"`

Modifying this line it `/etc/default/grub` and then running `update-grub` to recreate the grub config file, and then reseting causes the `/etc/udev/rules.d/70-persistent-net.rules` file to get generated with the appropriate interface cards. Then I can just change the names directly, no need to write all of that shit (that I did like a dozen times) out.

Changing `eth1` to `eth0` for the first card and vice versa for the second gets the thing to work. Well, hopefully it will stand the test when my father gets back.

11:15am. That was such a massive annoyance. My whole morning that I could have spent programming is kaput. The info on SO and elsewhere was all magic incantations without much in the way of explanation of what the various things are supposed to be doing.

Well, if I ever have this problem again, I have the keyword in the journal.

Based on what I wrote last time, I might need to turn off the GRO. I'll cross that bridge later if I need to.

11:20am. Now let me stop here so I can have breakfast. It is time that I read that masterpiece.

When it is time to resume, I will take a look at the rest of the files in the rpcjson project.

I have the basic idea that I need to rewrite this in TS first firmly in mind. One thing I am not sure of yet is whether `messageReader` and `messageWriter` could be implemented in terms of generic streams. And the same question will apply when I do the .NET rewrite.

11:25am. I'll get to the bottom of this today.

I'll crank up the strict typechecking and do this from scratch. By the time I am done, I would not be surprised if I cut the side of the code in half. I will make this trash pile into a gem."

---
## [joyent/pkgsrc](https://github.com/joyent/pkgsrc)@[94778c00da...](https://github.com/joyent/pkgsrc/commit/94778c00da18d5eb856549e36db64ee703446863)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 10:36:28 by nia

srb2: Update to 2.2.2

Changes in 2.2:

General

    Slopes have been implemented into almost the entire campaign, including support for launching off of quarterpipes. No, before you ask, loops still aren’t possible.
    An enormous number of graphics and textures have been updated or redone. Highlights include the title screen, Sonic and Tails, with separate sprites of Tails’s tails for optimum mofumofu.
    Practically the entire soundtrack has been redone.
    Character sprites now face the direction the player’s control inputs point instead of in the direction the camera is facing.
    Automatic braking, a new assist feature, has been added. While enabled, releasing the controls will cause the player’s character to attempt to stop instead of coasting forward.
    Tails’s AI has been significantly improved in Sonic & Tails mode, including allowing him to be commanded to fly you without using player 2’s controls.
    The attraction, elemental, and force shields now have a jump-spin ability like whirlwind and armageddon already did.
    Continuing the game after getting a game over now starts the player with more lives for each continue used.
    The intro cutscene has been revamped with brand-new art, and the game now has a short ending sequence.

Levels

    Arid Canyon Zone Acts 2 and 3 now exist.
    Almost the entire rest of the campaign has been remade from scratch or significantly updated.
    Several bosses have had their arena and behavior updated.
    The final battles have been adjusted to make losing not kick the player all the way back to the beginning of Eggrock.
    A short, optional tutorial stage has been added.
    Two stages previously from the OLDC have been included as unlockables.
    Cooperative mode now uses the old 2.0 special stages, which have been slightly updated to be more multiplayer-friendly.

Interface

    The menus have been massively revamped to both look better and be easier to understand.
    Controls, menus, and various other things have been renamed to make them easier to understand.
    Record attack now has HUD elements to display the buttons being pressed both during gameplay and while watching replays.
    Multiple accessibility features have been added, including closed-captioning and the ability to adjust the palette at runtime to add contrast to aid colorblind players.

Engine/Editing

    The palette has changed again to provide slightly more diverse color options
    Music no longer restarts from the beginning after an interruption, such as getting an extra life.
    Plugging in a controller during gameplay will allow that controller to be used instead of requiring the game to be restarted to recognize it.
    Added support for paper sprites, which allow the sprite to be rendered as if it’s on an upright piece of paper, becoming thinner when viewed at an angle and disappearing entirely when viewed from the side. Think Paper Mario.
    Textures can now be used as flats (but not vice-versa).
    Skybox rendering has been significantly optimized.
    PNG images can now be used as graphics, at any resolution (but not too high or you’ll run out of memory).
    Sprite rotation is now supported.
    libopenmpt support
    Added support for the MD3 model format.
    So many Lua changes we couldn’t possibly hope to list them all here.

---
## [samovertonjr/gatsby](https://github.com/samovertonjr/gatsby)@[6c79d47fe9...](https://github.com/samovertonjr/gatsby/commit/6c79d47fe9e76a31c954d832da69cc9d157c98f6)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 11:45:19 by jonoroboto

chore(showcase): Add Roboto Studio site  to showcase (#21236)

Hi we're a Nottingham based dev studio, and we'd absolutely love it if you'd be able to showcase our site on the official Gatsby website. We're huge believers in Gatsby, to the degree that we have pivoted our entire dev process to focus on producing ultra-fast, SEO rich website using Gatsby.js and we're proactive in a lot of Headless CMS/JAMstack projects out there.

If there's any changes you'd love to see, drop a message across, we're always looking to improve the site.

---
## [Amalazing/Elevator-Simulator](https://github.com/Amalazing/Elevator-Simulator)@[b319b6d4ae...](https://github.com/Amalazing/Elevator-Simulator/commit/b319b6d4ae742126a92da58830d6cd53637961cc)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 12:16:27 by LAN_scape

SOLVED THE ELEVATOR BUG, that is some elegant coding (JS lines 285 - 312). I came at this with everything thing I could think of and nothing worked. I tried callback funcitons, higher order functions, event listeners, promises and right before I found the solution I was trying to use gernerators. Finally I figured out a way to do it. RECURSION ... recursion mixed with promises. Oh boy the joy of building using an event driven single threaded language. Sarcasm aside I really enjoy JavaScript but I write this commit now so that in the future I can look back on this 7 hour bug fix with a smile on my face.

---
## [ldei/hello-world](https://github.com/ldei/hello-world)@[30b736a2f2...](https://github.com/ldei/hello-world/commit/30b736a2f2f92d9d68e1dd147bc471aa9be20977)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 12:32:51 by LDei8AB

Silly question

Just trying to smoosh my love for literature and coding together.

---
## [lollofra/TorVerCode](https://github.com/lollofra/TorVerCode)@[7b21590546...](https://github.com/lollofra/TorVerCode/commit/7b2159054657709c21d5bf79bd1a6f631fef6f61)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 13:47:37 by Lorenzo Fiocco

Aggiunta licenza WTFPL

You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO

---
## [House-of-Frazer/Console-Development](https://github.com/House-of-Frazer/Console-Development)@[98bff8b7d3...](https://github.com/House-of-Frazer/Console-Development/commit/98bff8b7d39888db5349002193e54a250177deaf)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 16:17:25 by MrSlimCognito

Fixed Josh's Fucking Awful Committing Skills

- Fixed Josh's Fucking Awful Committing Skills
- Fuck you josh

---
## [symbioticlabs/green-state](https://github.com/symbioticlabs/green-state)@[61601a2fa2...](https://github.com/symbioticlabs/green-state/commit/61601a2fa27b9a10c0897538da77ab1e749a6804)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 18:15:46 by Ben Glassman

Refactor container to never register anything in parent containers

We have determined this causes unwanted side effects more often than not
that are very difficult to troubleshoot. Previously we had assume the
main problem is that NeedsFoo could miss Foo that was in the child
container and so we only handled the problem of ensuring that we
register in the deepest container of any dependency.

However we determined that we commonly have unwanted side effects that
happen when services requested in child containers are auto-registered
in parent containers.

The prime example of this type of problem is stateful services.

Example:

- You create a child container to wrap around a Map component in your UI
- The map uses a LoadingState dependency to track whether to show a
loading indicator
- The first time the map is created, it wants LoadingState which gets
created in the root container
- We start loading some data in the map, and loadingState.loading is set
to true
- The user leaves the map page before we finish loading, so
loadingState.loading is still true
- The user returns to the map page, and the Map component re-renders,
re-using the LoadingState singleton from the parent container and
therefore it will appear to be loading if that was the last state it was in.

If instead we ensure that we never automatically create instances in the
root container and we dispose of the child container the map is
unmounted, we will automatically garbage collect the LoadingState
instance and not have this issue.

If we really wanted to ensure that a specific service gets created in
the root container, we can be explicit and register or autoRegister it
there. This is comparatively rare and an advanced use case that isn't
that hard to achieve. Conversely, as illustrated by the example above,
the default behavior of auto registering services in the root container
can cause subtle bugs that are difficult to reason about and solve.

If you tried to pre-emptively register in the child container all the dependencies
of Map that are stateful, you quickly find yourself in whack-a-mole
territory where you have to think about this every time you create a
service and remember to update your registration code.

---
## [PulsarcGame/Pulsarc](https://github.com/PulsarcGame/Pulsarc)@[7137fcd09e...](https://github.com/PulsarcGame/Pulsarc/commit/7137fcd09ef86f244c62c33bb52c2bd05724a3b5)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 21:42:43 by FRUP

Add loading of a beatmap in the editor | add timescroll | change Audio

Oh god that was a nasty bug, I ended up doing a ton of shit over, the last couple commits were just bits and pieces I had noticed and done along with figuring this out. Turns out I was dum and stupid, but it's alright, back to work!

---
## [newstools/2020-sundiata-post](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post)@[fb2177a703...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post/commit/fb2177a7034f6a9851c3586fd4c8dbe0c9eac12b)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 21:46:42 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [sundiatapost.com/regina-daniels-ex-boyfriend-somadina-finds-love-in-the-hands-of-ghanaian-actress/]

---
## [austation/austation](https://github.com/austation/austation)@[47c45f87c4...](https://github.com/austation/austation/commit/47c45f87c4d0d5e00517629a00a92e70ad6abec6)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 22:34:43 by AuStation Bot

[MIRROR] New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector (#1396)

* New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector (#1307)

* New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector (#44559)

cl Floyd / Qustinnus
add: New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector, use it on a gold slime extract to create 3 neutral broodmother spiders, make them sentient and start your own hive.
/cl

'ello mates, Me and my syndicate expedition team have recently returned from my journey to the Australicus sector and crikey the spiders are big there. Fucking the size of a bear. Luckily one of my fellow expeditioners managed to knock one of the fuckers out with a boomerang and we took 'er to our labs. We managed to extract some of their extract which is known to create tame offspring when injected into a gold slime core.

However, if you give it sentience and tell it to do whatever you want, maybe you can use it for a useful purpose?

10 TC item, lets you inject a gold-slime core for some midwife/broodmother spiders that can help you start a spider army. Price can be raised if people think 10 is too little. It spawns 3 instead of 1 to keep consistent, but it can be lowered to 1 spider.

* Removed duplicate mob

Co-authored-by: AWalton <12621257+AWalton@users.noreply.github.com>

* New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector

Co-authored-by: Victor <12621257+Victor239@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: AWalton <12621257+AWalton@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Darlantanis/CHOMPStation2](https://github.com/Darlantanis/CHOMPStation2)@[e141872c31...](https://github.com/Darlantanis/CHOMPStation2/commit/e141872c31ea745903a992de43d0c3162d87b29e)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 22:42:53 by Shadowfire

Casino port

This is first phase of casino port where I have made my casino spaceship compatible with new chomp codebase. There isnt a connecting port at station yet due to changes being made to main map, but with second phase of casino port there should be one for casino shuttle to move back and forth to transfer visitors.

Non-casino changes
Port of:
purple assistant cap, wah!
wiggler hat, dont know if the sprite works fully yet.
The monocoole, every self respecting technomancer needs this! Also need this for casino rewards.
Snaps, can recommend for lunch, I prefer the licorice flavoured ones!
Space cleaner dispenser, yep any janitors dream, so far its only on casino spaceship.
Ported old modular sofa for station usage, is already on casino, future plans could involve making the modular sofa that can be built from steel be a little more pretty and made from wood as well and also get another overlay/color when added cloth for cushion.

also deleting a .txt file that I didnt get to delete before someone really wanted me to upload wip files so they could work off them, sorry about that but its fixed now!
deleted alienwhitelist and custom_items.txt since github doesnt seem to have those blacklisted

casino port:
Ported the map with the golden goose spacecasino
ported the deluxe edition bar and kitchen gear! Say hello to the good old deluxe dispenser, deluxe food vendor and deluxe drink vendor, perhaps one day they will be constructible by crew!
ported the casino stripper pole, casino roulette, slotmachine, poker/blackjack table, ported the casino wheel of fortune
casino wallet~
casino jukebox! And re implemented the system so the casino songs no longer are on the normal jukebox, sorry folks, hope you didnt like them too much :c
casino visitor and staff manual, might need a bit of revision depending on what event managers wants
Casino chips, gotta gamble with something!
fixed runtime errors from deluxe dispenser trying to add cartridges with reagents that have been renamed on new chomp

Be aware, there will be more casino changes in near future along with some other non-casino changes, including porting of pint metamorphic glass.

---
## [newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk)@[6033703428...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk/commit/603370342878c14f6ad7b7cd4e5b957ab140ec24)
#### Wednesday 2020-03-11 23:03:35 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.theguardian.com/music/2020/mar/11/musical-notes-how-male-pop-stars-are-making-love-songs-all-about-them]

---

# [<](2020-03-10.md) 2020-03-11 [>](2020-03-12.md)

