# [<](2020-12-15.md) 2020-12-16 [>](2020-12-17.md)

3,008,769 events, 1,462,804 push events, 2,370,601 commit messages, 176,627,292 characters


## [neillimaye/xkcd-geohashing](https://github.com/neillimaye/xkcd-geohashing)@[cb47172edd...](https://github.com/neillimaye/xkcd-geohashing/commit/cb47172eddb6e0cfccb6724af68cc11f3fd14866)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 05:14:59 by Neil

HOLY SHIT I FIGURED OUT GETTING THE API CALL TO PROPS AND FRANKLY IT WAS A STUPID MISTAKE AND I DON'T DESERVE TO PUT REDUX ON MY RESUME AND HERE I AM WORKING ON REDUX-SAGA JESUS FUCKING CHRIST. God I might as well have given the data flow of redux-saga a damn prostate considering how painstakingly I was exploring it. Anyway this will probably be the last of the vulgar commit messages and this is just in case my laptop dies in a fire k byeee gonna go to bed.

---
## [hipe/downtownfun](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun)@[bd648cea34...](https://github.com/hipe/downtownfun/commit/bd648cea34d4069170bcfecb924197dbb3aaaacd)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 06:29:24 by Mark Meves

test(curses-yikes): introduce poly-option (65)

I have no words

(times)
  12-12 00:25  begin editing state machine flowchart for poly-option
        01:00  done, happy with rewrite to state machine (schematic)
        01:08  wanna take a little rest
        10:20  begin writing test for the story of add two
        11:47  finished very rough draft of first stroke of asset code
               with tons of logic missing for emacs
  12-14 10:56  finally done with what we think is entering the value of
               the name/value. now get it to render and lots of catch-up
               refactoring all over the place
  12-15 10:46  ready to be done with this. begin re-green mono
  12-16 01:00  oh my freaking god. visual test ok. unit test ok.
               leaving it all behind now
.

---
## [nblockchain/geewallet](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet)@[39d5a31c2a...](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet/commit/39d5a31c2a9ab3726700c7e6fb84e5af74b887ea)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 07:10:09 by Andres G. Aragoneses

Backend(,Tests): implement basic exception deserialization

JSON deserialization of exceptions is extremely broken in JSON.NET [1]
(and even in System.Text.Json [2]), so let's use a hybrid between binary
serialization and JSON serialization: it will have a JSON part that hints
about the most important human-readable details, but it will use a JSON
element to marshall in binary-to-default-encoding-based-string format.

(I could have written a JsonConverter for this, but I was having trouble
finding one out there that someone else had written already, then I decided
to go for the simplest solution that I can write myself. I hate JSON type
converters anyway.)

NOTE: we had to use UTF-8 (instead of Encoding.Default) because otherwise
the tests (committed from my macOS) would fail on Windows CI. Don't ask
me why, I hate encodings too.

[1] https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json/issues/801
[2] https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/43026

---
## [nblockchain/geewallet](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet)@[3a8dbbc2fb...](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet/commit/3a8dbbc2fbb353696fcd7b5183f238ffa5322fa4)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 07:23:32 by Andres G. Aragoneses

Backend(,Tests): implement basic exception deserialization

JSON deserialization of exceptions is extremely broken in JSON.NET [1]
(and even in System.Text.Json [2]), so let's use a hybrid between binary
serialization and JSON serialization: it will have a JSON part that hints
about the most important human-readable details, but it will use a JSON
element to marshall in binary-to-default-encoding-based-string format.

(I could have written a JsonConverter for this, but I was having trouble
finding one out there that someone else had written already, then I decided
to go for the simplest solution that I can write myself. I hate JSON type
converters anyway.)

NOTE: we had to use ASCII (instead of Encoding.Default) because otherwise
the tests (committed from my macOS) would fail on Windows CI (UTF-8 would
fail too because of [3]0. Don't ask me why, I hate encodings too.

[1] https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json/issues/801
[2] https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/43026
[3] https://stackoverflow.com/a/13674508/544947

---
## [rHermes/adventofcode](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode)@[4e99cbde7a...](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode/commit/4e99cbde7a66128243b6bd4fea2fb2d28dc77e86)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 07:30:01 by rHermes

2020 Day 16

A better task today! I like that it's input validation again and it's
cool to use the python parse package to make the input parsing easy. I
was 2 minutes off the part 2 leaderboard and I really do think I could
have gotten on it, if I had been a bit better. Maybe next time!

I read the task more carefully today and it was really just some nerves
and poor reading and writing speed that made part one kind of slow. On
part 2 though, I was able to figure out a way to do it fast, but I spent
a bit to much time debugging, I should have just gone for it.

The way I solved part 2 was to make a list over positions where the
field could be valid for each field. Then I iterated through the valid
tickets and if a position didn't satisfy the requirements for a field,
I removed it from the list of positions for that field.

When through all the valid tickets, I loop through these lists and see
which fields only have one valid position. I then assign these fields to
those positions. There are still some fields which can be in multiple
positions, so I loop through the lists again and remove those positions
from all field lists. This process repeats until all fields are valid.

There is possibilities for this to not work, if there are fields which
are interchangeable. My code would hang on this, but I made a guess. The
next thing to ensure would be too look if there are positions that only
one filed can have. After that I guess you would have to do some kind of
search... this is where I usually break out z3 and make it work it's
black magic. :P

I wonder if there is an easy "smart" way to solve for even tricky
inputs. Can't wait to see the reddit implementations!

Score:
      --------Part 1--------   --------Part 2--------
Day       Time   Rank  Score       Time   Rank  Score
 16   00:08:48    258      0   00:23:15    145      0

---
## [nblockchain/geewallet](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet)@[bafc5c5dcd...](https://github.com/nblockchain/geewallet/commit/bafc5c5dcde3165f1525f4fda277c8241872926d)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 07:40:39 by Andres G. Aragoneses

Backend(,Tests): implement basic exception deserialization

JSON deserialization of exceptions is extremely broken in JSON.NET [1]
(and even in System.Text.Json [2]), so let's use a hybrid between binary
serialization and JSON serialization: it will have a JSON part that hints
about the most important human-readable details, but it will use a JSON
element to marshall in binary-to-default-encoding-based-string format.

(I could have written a JsonConverter for this, but I was having trouble
finding one out there that someone else had written already, then I decided
to go for the simplest solution that I can write myself. I hate JSON type
converters anyway.)

NOTE: we had to use Base64 because using any of the System.Text encodings
(like Encoding.Default, ASCII, UTF-8 or UTF-7) would make the tests fail
fail in weird ways (or only pass for certain OSs, e.g. see [3]). Don't
ask me why, I hate encodings too.

[1] https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json/issues/801
[2] https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/43026
[3] https://stackoverflow.com/a/13674508/544947

---
## [Inesteem/AdventOfCode](https://github.com/Inesteem/AdventOfCode)@[b9addd0772...](https://github.com/Inesteem/AdventOfCode/commit/b9addd0772b4333b3d2a6671f357cf8506d16333)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 08:06:02 by lucifer

those damn pipes...holy mother of fucking shit, that stuff got me beaten up :(

---
## [oumajgad/BlackICE](https://github.com/oumajgad/BlackICE)@[09fdddb4a7...](https://github.com/oumajgad/BlackICE/commit/09fdddb4a77f5de30c816d95a14017f650fdca71)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 09:58:05 by Tanchowder

Map_Counters done - Counter.gfx Updated, will fuck shit up until Cu_counters are made.

It's a City of dreams, and I'm a big dreamer.

---
## [tsunamaru/spodlivoibot](https://github.com/tsunamaru/spodlivoibot)@[d266435361...](https://github.com/tsunamaru/spodlivoibot/commit/d2664353614b9b7695f40b31ebff3cb82812f35c)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 11:48:59 by Aryesia

Fix /bred (fuck you markdown) and replace random to secure random

---
## [loreb/adventofcode2020](https://github.com/loreb/adventofcode2020)@[b13725b04a...](https://github.com/loreb/adventofcode2020/commit/b13725b04aa40e99be2123e68da9eab249c3bef3)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 12:22:59 by Lorenzo Beretta

day 14 in common lisp

Late because real life happened, and THEN my internet died yesterday and I didn't have the common lisp hyperthing offline...
In common lisp because that's a language that was still missing - now what? lua? stop this "use a random different language" thing?

Anyway there's a ton of output in part2 because I was looking for the most asinine bug ever (commented out to let posterity know I can be so stupid);
it works in clisp, sbcl for whatever reason does strange things, and while I love sbcl's speed & diagnostics I'm not debugging that while I'm late on the schedule, mkay?

---
## [NaMorham/Court-of-the-9-Moons-MUD](https://github.com/NaMorham/Court-of-the-9-Moons-MUD)@[f24151d544...](https://github.com/NaMorham/Court-of-the-9-Moons-MUD/commit/f24151d5445081f29ffe72da32d89e33debf52b3)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 13:22:08 by NaMorham

C9M-00001 Bullshit needed to figure out which terminal I am running under - Fuck you M$, so much harder than it should be

---
## [newstools/2020-the-guardian-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-nigeria)@[500740eeee...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-nigeria/commit/500740eeeec02e06e40a49d9230536326663dcd6)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 14:25:36 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [guardian.ng/news/why-i-set-my-girlfriend-pastor-ablaze-man-confesses-in-bayelsa/]

---
## [kosint65/AXOM-FB-HACK](https://github.com/kosint65/AXOM-FB-HACK)@[653dd3fb95...](https://github.com/kosint65/AXOM-FB-HACK/commit/653dd3fb956fd28be1a247077a97ffa04c5bd69a)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 15:41:54 by kosint65

$ pwd  /data/data/com.termux/files/home 123456 12345 123456789 password iloveyou princess 1234567 rockyou 12345678 abc123 nicole daniel babygirl monkey lovely jessica 654321 michael ashley qwerty 111111 iloveu 000000 michelle tigger sunshine chocolate password1 soccer anthony friends butterfly purple angel jordan liverpool justin loveme fuckyou 123123 football secret andrea carlos jennifer joshua bubbles 1234567890 superman hannah amanda loveyou pretty basketball andrew angels tweety flower playboy hello elizabeth hottie tinkerbell charlie samantha barbie chelsea lovers teamo jasmine brandon 666666 shadow melissa eminem matthew robert danielle forever family jonathan 987654321 computer whatever dragon vanessa cookie naruto summer sweety spongebob joseph junior softball taylor yellow daniela lauren mickey princesa alexandra alexis jesus estrella miguel william thomas beautiful mylove angela poohbear patrick iloveme sakura adrian alexander destiny christian 121212 sayang america dancer monica richard 112233 princess1 555555 diamond carolina steven rangers louise orange 789456 dancer monica richard 112233 princess1 555555 diamond carolina steven rangers louise orange 789456 999999 shorty 11111 nathan snoopy gabriel hunter cherry killer sandra alejandro buster george brittany alejandra patricia rachel tequiero 7777777 cheese 159753 arsenal dolphin antonio heather david ginger stephanie peanut blink182 sweetie 222222 beauty 987654 victoria honey 00000 fernando pokemon maggie corazon chicken pepper cristina rainbow kisses manuel myspace rebelde angel1 ricardo babygurl heaven 55555 baseball martin greenday november alyssa madison mother 123321 123abc mahalkita batman september december morgan mariposa maria gabriela iloveyou2 bailey jeremy courtney booboo kissme harley ronaldo iloveyou1 precious october inuyasha peaches veronica chris 888888 adriana cutie james banana prince friend jesus1 crystal celtic zxcvbnm edward oliver diana samsung freedom football fuckyou loveyou mylove america imdian indian indianarmy

github.com

---
## [PopaRares/ProiectPSO](https://github.com/PopaRares/ProiectPSO)@[8c26c5e145...](https://github.com/PopaRares/ProiectPSO/commit/8c26c5e1459ff7be18ce0fbab2d296be5606d53b)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 17:18:27 by Apostola

yes, maybe it is not complete, but so are you, as everythig in this wold, universe, reality... Oh, you're still here, then fuck you then

---
## [adityashinde521/Keylogger](https://github.com/adityashinde521/Keylogger)@[a5f9e0adc2...](https://github.com/adityashinde521/Keylogger/commit/a5f9e0adc2ee133aa9cf8be3f5d53d228f607604)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 18:09:23 by ADITYA SHINDE

Add files via upload

This keylogger is capable of recording all the keyboard and mouse input! It will even record freelance of the language settings as a result of it logs the physical keys on the keyboard initial. Next, by victimisation Associate in Nursing whimsical keymap with human friendly names, it interprets the machine keys to one thing that we are able to perceive. It additionally possesses mail causing capabilities thus you'll simply schedule the logfile to be sent via mail, manually time input for each twelve hours. Additionally, to the current, it'll additionally keep the logfile encrypted. Therefore, I have prepared another program which is able to decode the logfile on execution.
 I trust in making this project(tool) just for learning.  This keylogger is not for any black or immoral functions, you risk losing plenty. This is often just for instructional functions. The keylogger that you just area unit about to see are going to be able to cause some serious harm, thus please use it in an exceedingly legal and accountable method.

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge)@[bab66d6c1e...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/bab66d6c1efc04138350ff132c6cbd227aeba339)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 18:38:53 by Nikita Voloboev

art photography books cloud-computing gcp aws-lambda computer-graphics computer-vision vulkan compression computer-science bitcoin ethereum postgresql sql 3d-modeling blender design-inspiration design-systems user-experience devops psychedelics css html game-engines gamedev gpu sketch datasets pytorch machine-learning authentication graphql iot github kubernetes linux nixos operating-systems other physics cpp-libraries cpp go-libraries go haskell-libraries d3js js-libraries gatsby nextjs vue julia-libraries lisp programming-languages ruby scala swift-libraries swiftui documentation jupyter-notebooks reverse-engineering cypress research-papers staying-on-top-of-things security universe emacs-packages email video browsers firefox nodejs rss hugo webkit web-scraping web consultancies

---
## [ParadiseSS13/Paradise](https://github.com/ParadiseSS13/Paradise)@[321171730a...](https://github.com/ParadiseSS13/Paradise/commit/321171730a75120c36569bef41a75366975872cd)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 19:21:55 by Tom Heeren

Makes wall lockers more consistent with other lockers (#13671)

* Makes wall lockers more consistent with other lockers

* fuck you too travis

fucker

---
## [JaroslawWiosna/aids](https://github.com/JaroslawWiosna/aids)@[164db5f590...](https://github.com/JaroslawWiosna/aids/commit/164db5f590249b82bace2344a3a9e37ebf5ce528)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 20:07:27 by Jarosław Wiosna

bool Hash_Map::contains(Key)

In my opinion, it is better to introduce `contains(Key)` just like in `Dynamic_Array::contains(T)`, because

 - by comparison, you instantly see that `Hash_Map::contains(Key)` does not iterate over memory, so it is faster than `Dynamic_Array::contains(T)`
 - Previously, I wrote `Hash_Map::contains`, which iterates over every single bucket (!), because I missed that fact, that I could have reused `get(Key)`. Maybe I was the only one, who cannot think, but I want to make *library users'* life easier. Just in case.

---
## [khaudio/dishrec](https://github.com/khaudio/dishrec)@[1c2249d540...](https://github.com/khaudio/dishrec/commit/1c2249d54085fc9e2fdd3bc1506b36332ca852cc)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 23:13:03 by Kyle Hughes

main.cpp is currently a loopback test

troubleshooting i2s r/w; will most likely change
dataingestor to configure I2S as 32-bit and copy data directly
to <int_audio> ring buffer; it is padded automatically, methinks.

i think the problem it was having with pops and shit was that
the DMA buffer was not long enough.  even though it seemed to be
the correct size, the documentation is not entirely clear as to
whether it is shared when using both TX and RX on the same I2S bus.

next up is re-enabling sd card stuff, but have to hook it up physically,
first.  wanted to get a commit in before fucking everything all up again.

---
## [xenowing/xenowing](https://github.com/xenowing/xenowing)@[57ba30d106...](https://github.com/xenowing/xenowing/commit/57ba30d106eedf81440fbfc855a4e72e03d81da8)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 23:25:24 by ferris

Add FlowControlledPipe RTL + test

This one's kinda funny in that I didn't add any unit tests (just the fuzz test) and I actually wrote some docs for it. I figured since it did a bit of "magic" things that it was worth going into how it works and how it's expected to be used. Overall, I think this pattern is pretty OK - maybe making some kind of pipeline abstraction that plays nicely with something like this to hook things up even more automatically might be worthwhile - or not.

This _did_ get me thinking about potentially wrapping some of these module generators into some kind of "instantiators" that would generate a specialized version of the model as well as instantiate it in some context and then instead of returning the `Module` directly, perhaps return some wrapper struct whose fields would represent the lower-level signals/ports (perhaps even collections of ports, eg. a `BusterReadPort<width>` or similar) and add some higher-level code to hook things up. This might be kinda annoying to also implement (and potentially test) these higher-level abstractions but I imagine they would be extremely powerful in many cases. Even just exposing buster ports would probably go a long way in terms of reducing the amount of RTL we have just to wire things together, and establishing a pattern for how this might be done (rather than try to actually make super generic structs) will still afford us the freedom of making appropriate abstractions on-the-fly for use cases that actually arise.

---
## [irfanShaikh4421/COVIDASH](https://github.com/irfanShaikh4421/COVIDASH)@[cb909a7683...](https://github.com/irfanShaikh4421/COVIDASH/commit/cb909a7683cc70d95cfa4aa9ea2b28de2fc77d92)
#### Wednesday 2020-12-16 23:55:02 by anoyingtac

More efficient hospitalBed queries.

I've decreased the query/load time for cached hospital beds by
about 80-90% (from 373ms => 40-70ms). I also tried implementing a
potential efficiency reduction for all the 'first visit' page loads, but
the time difference for that was fairly negligible, so I scrapped it.

Unfortunately, this means that uncached data page loads can still take a
long-ass time. In some cases, several seconds long. At this point, the
only possible solution to that 'problem' is if we cached the larger data
sets on server start-up. But that's only a stop-gap, and not really a
great solution for the long-term.

I left the previous hospital bed query in the code, all you need to do
to switch back to it is remove /${state} from line 21 of the frontend's
HospitalBeds.js.

I decrease the initial, uncached loadtime of the hospitalBeds page by
caching the data only after sending it, but honestly redis works so fast
that it doesn't make much of a difference in to the overall loadtime
(especially in light of what I think is the main problem, that the api
sends over 200,000 lines in response to every query).

The way I went about the efficiency changes is by basically having redis
store bedUtilization for every individual state instead of all of them
together. Thus, the code only needs to parse through about 4,000 entries
insteadof checking (& performing string equivalence checks) on over
200,000 entries. The code now queries redis for a list of a state's
entries instead of all of them (and then searching response for
matches). Kind of repeated myself there.

I also added two other hospitalBeds' API-specific states to the end of
the dropdown, Puerto Rico & district of Columbia. Haven't tested them
though. So if they don't work, I'll remove them later.

We really need to have a group meeting with everyone sometime present
sometime soon.

---

# [<](2020-12-15.md) 2020-12-16 [>](2020-12-17.md)

