# [<](2020-11-15.md) 2020-11-16 [>](2020-11-17.md)

3,088,893 events, 1,614,300 push events, 2,410,753 commit messages, 167,589,247 characters


## [JuanJoCarretero/ESCACS](https://github.com/JuanJoCarretero/ESCACS)@[bbb739d14b...](https://github.com/JuanJoCarretero/ESCACS/commit/bbb739d14be474251e7751b146b25ec2516dd8e2)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 00:41:57 by Jordi Albert

Fuck bishop bitch I hate you motherfucker but you are finally done bitch. Btw Queen is done too

---
## [Slyssy/web-scraping-challenge](https://github.com/Slyssy/web-scraping-challenge)@[aff49b6706...](https://github.com/Slyssy/web-scraping-challenge/commit/aff49b670677f04b2557b22f4e364717d98f216d)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 00:57:41 by Stephen

Trying to get this bullshit gecko piece of shit to fucking work.

---
## [howchmo/pimp](https://github.com/howchmo/pimp)@[b9b148d072...](https://github.com/howchmo/pimp/commit/b9b148d072e3b2d060456b1fdeca70ff6bbaea55)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 02:27:50 by Howard Mall

That was a harder than it should have been.

One stupid hack that I really hate is that when you backspace and it
creates a new range it (for some reason I cannot fathom) it deletes that
last character.  I made it so it adds the last character back so when it
deletes that last character it is still the same string.  I really hate
myself for this hack.  But, I'm tired.  It works.  I haven't found any
side-effects yet.   Yet!!!

---
## [thebombzen/mpv](https://github.com/thebombzen/mpv)@[11d35b72a6...](https://github.com/thebombzen/mpv/commit/11d35b72a6fdd58f59ea7e593a4a5267f54b2e54)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 03:09:09 by wm4

x11: fix X property out of bounds memory reads

The size overflow check was inverted: instead of allowing reading only
the first dst_size bytes of the property, it allowed copying past the
property buffer (as returned by xlib). xlib doesn't return the size of
the buffer in bytes, so it has to be computed and checked manually.

Wouldn't it be great if C allowed me to write the overflow check in a
readable way, so it doesn't trick me into writing dumb security bugs?

Relying on X security is even dumber than creating a X security bug,
though, so this was not a real problem. But I found that one specific
call tried to read more than what the property provided, so reduce that.

Also, len*ib obviously can't overflow, so there's an additional layer of
dumb to this whole thing.

While we're at dumb things, why the hell does xlib use "long" for 32 bit
types. It's a god damn pain.

---
## [Balsamf2020/openstego](https://github.com/Balsamf2020/openstego)@[e33357d9e6...](https://github.com/Balsamf2020/openstego/commit/e33357d9e68d8586927df2f6e6fe292b95c935d6)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 03:37:18 by Balsamf2020

Create Thanksgiving 


                                                                                                    Thanksgiving plan.

This year is a little different form all the years before because of the corona virus. I am not sure if we are ever going to have gatherings and holidays with family and friends like we used to do before. this pandemic has changed people forever. Sad but true, things will not go back to normal even if this pandemic ends.
Here what I am going to do this thanksgiving for the sake of the kids to feel that we still can celebrate even with this current situation. 
1-	Buying a big chicken and prepare it just like preparing a turkey accept that the kids do not like turkey so I have to make the same thing but with chicken. 
2-	Making sweets. like baklava or kanafeh. No one likes pies in my house. 
3-	Mashed potatoes is a must
4-	Stuffing
5-	Pomegranate juice. 
It is going to be very small but it is going to be a nice celebration

---
## [zoomshoes/realtalknba_bbgm_2024](https://github.com/zoomshoes/realtalknba_bbgm_2024)@[07dd8ef007...](https://github.com/zoomshoes/realtalknba_bbgm_2024/commit/07dd8ef007000847d5cd5672c4b5278ed5cc711a)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 05:41:49 by zoomshoes

Add files via upload

holy fuck. got all those FAs entered, and figured most things out with this S&T bullshit.

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[69557b85cc...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/69557b85ccbad668db97273aa0c4b6d08e918ea7)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 06:05:41 by Nicholas Feinberg

Remove skill training restrictions (hellmonk)

After the old XP pool system was removed and the current skill training
system was added, one odd edge case was that you had to have an item, spell,
or god ability somehow relevant to a skill to be able to train it. This was
not particularly consistent. For example, training got special-cased to be
always allowed to avoid annoyance when you'd thrown everything you had, and
pain brand, though depending on necromancy, did not allow you to train it.

In general, it's better to have less complexity and fewer special cases, so
by default it seems good to remove these rather complex restrictions. The
argument against has been that training these skills is rarely useful (true,
but so are many things players do!), and that a massive skill screen would
intimidate new players. Thankfully, to avoid the latter case, we can retain
much of the old code to hide many skills by default, while still allowing
experienced players to use them, in the same way that they can use manual
training instead of automatic. In fact, since we no longer need to special
case Throwing, new players will often see a smaller skill screen than before!

---
## [MadeInHeaven-Yyi/woj](https://github.com/MadeInHeaven-Yyi/woj)@[fa7524eb18...](https://github.com/MadeInHeaven-Yyi/woj/commit/fa7524eb1892034f027bd6e15a3be3aab9af425e)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 14:27:09 by MadeInHeaven-Yyi

Create 154,a simple task

Alice's QQ is lost because she set a very simple password ?abcdefg?, her friend Bob
tell her that a password like ?abcdefg? is too easy to guess, a good password is suggest
to be at least 6 bytes long, and better to include upper case letters, lower case letters,
digitals, and symbols (like '#', '_', '$'). But Alice is a lazy girl, she doesn't like to
remember a password which is too complex, e.g., "_a#9Bx", so she decides to do some modification
on her original password that is change letters at even position to upper case.
Alice has many passwords used in different places, so she asks you to change them as the
rule she decided.

输入格式
There are multiple test cases. Each case is a single line which has a string only contains lower case letters, but no longer than 50 letters.
Input is end with a line only contains?#" and should not be processed by your program.

输出格式
For each test case, output the new password on a single line in the format as indicated.

样例输入
abcdefg
alice
bob
#
样例输出
Case 1: aBcDeFg
Case 2: aLiCe
Case 3: bOb

---
## [yalcinozer/react-native-website](https://github.com/yalcinozer/react-native-website)@[f063f887d7...](https://github.com/yalcinozer/react-native-website/commit/f063f887d78cee33c19101e8afaf39d34f9bb234)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 14:58:30 by yalcinozer

Pizza seperator a little confusing

When I read this section as a beginner, one and a half years ago , I remember that pizza example on this page a little confusing. This distracts learner and forces to think about core JavaScript methods. I think it can be simplified using a simpler single method like toLowerCase/toUpperCase or String.length, so learner will still see the result on state changes, which is one of the most essential concept of framework.

It's just my idea. I appreciate your contributions, just I wanted to share my thoughts. Thanks...

---
## [AhmadJ2/Comp-2021-HM1](https://github.com/AhmadJ2/Comp-2021-HM1)@[71ac123084...](https://github.com/AhmadJ2/Comp-2021-HM1/commit/71ac1230846562c49a985990937c426a3167ce52)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 15:47:57 by AhmadJ2

Merge pull request #6 from AhmadJ2/Muhammads

FUCK YOU ABO AL NEZAR 050

---
## [thomasjlsn/statusbar](https://github.com/thomasjlsn/statusbar)@[e23216fb6b...](https://github.com/thomasjlsn/statusbar/commit/e23216fb6bcd3f8ed29bf8a1c953b0eae921e73c)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 17:01:51 by Thomas Ellison

Fuck you, systemd

don't catch SIGTERM for a clean kill, let pybar blow up w/ exceptions
instead, otherwise systemd (after an update) causes never ending stop
jobs.

additionally, checking pidfile existance no longer works (it seems as
though systemd now does that for you, as without the check, pybar now
behaves exatcly the same and does not spawn multiple processes like it
did before (the issue which caused me to implement the pid check in the
first place))

A) this is actually nice, convenient behavior, but...
B) WTF, why is systemd behaving completely differently all of a sudden?
   And why can I not find this documented anywhere???

Once again; fuck you, systemd.

---
## [taichi-dev/taichi.graphics](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi.graphics)@[bc5d7cae5a...](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi.graphics/commit/bc5d7cae5adb25d899f7214b2c21a7016fd0b8a5)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 17:16:48 by Chengchen(Rex) Wang

Integrate with Algolia DocSearch. (#23)

> Wow, this looks amazing! Thank you so much for setting this up. (Really sorry about my delayed reply - the past week has been a bit hectic for me...)
> 
> I can't wait to try the incredible new search box :-)
> 

No worries at all, thanks for taking a look! I also had pretty packed weeks earlier, sorry to leave the docs migration and releasing work there for so long, now I have more time after hours, am planning to finish this piece of work as soon as by Nov.

> > Maybe we should start adding policy/privacy banners such as below to the site about the cookie usage.
> 
> That sounds reasonable! I guess we don't have to worry too much about that until one day we get a lot of traffic :-)

Cool, that's also I was thinking too, will create an issue to document the future work but will leave it as-is for now.

---
## [ferba93/NotThatGameEngine](https://github.com/ferba93/NotThatGameEngine)@[2dc62f6ea5...](https://github.com/ferba93/NotThatGameEngine/commit/2dc62f6ea552c770ca53a0e02214ba6af6a64d75)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 17:47:07 by Ferran-Roger Basart i Bosch

0.2.6 JSON gameobject saving completed. Fuck you JSON. Fuck you

---
## [nikitavoloboev/knowledge](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge)@[2e8b699839...](https://github.com/nikitavoloboev/knowledge/commit/2e8b6998399f462871945c35e3ee9514832523ba)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 18:52:03 by Nikita Voloboev

generative-art photography home-automation genomics viruses books startups serverless-computing computer-graphics computer-vision image-processing procedural-generation ray-tracing svg algorithms computer-science courses cryptocurrencies kafka ethereum polkadot databases postgresql prisma sql blender design-inspiration icons message-queue grpc focusing html board-games chess minecraft cpu risc-v depression recipes languages macOS-apps artificial-intelligence datasets ml-libraries pytorch machine-learning generative-adversarial-networks category-theory topology wolfram-alpha music-production authentication dns file-sharing graphql networking ipfs tcp tls cognition nlp github-actions github bsd kubernetes-plugins ios nixos other wiki-workflow philanthropy electrical-engineering physics quantum-computing privacy c coq cpp elixir erlang go-libraries go haskell js-libraries mdx nextjs react-hooks react threejs julia-libraries kotlin common-lisp racket programming-languages datalog purescript python-libraries python rails rust-libraries scala-libraries swift-libraries swiftui embedded-systems logic-programming memory-management programming reverse-engineering serialization software-architecture git blogs cryptography encryption security black-holes universe text-editors vim-plugins vs-code-extensions notion tools finding-home japan shell video rss eleventy web webassembly webpack consultancies

---
## [terminalforlife/cheat.sheets](https://github.com/terminalforlife/cheat.sheets)@[fa546de881...](https://github.com/terminalforlife/cheat.sheets/commit/fa546de881c42204e1e0e4afbfcfe982d55badac)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 21:10:33 by terminalforlife

Add lenchk (max_length functionality, and some)

Hope this helps. I wish I'd known this is what you were after, but I
guess it didn't click! This is an area I love and excel at, so I
hoped to put that to use here.

* The colorization flag might help when there are a lot of results.

* By far, the indented line number and preview of the offending lines
  is the most useful aspect of lenchk, making it much easier to track
  down troublesome lines, especially for the inexperienced.

* I've accounted for `//` lines (C languages), although some like
  Javascript, HTML, and CSS I've yet to get around to.

* There's a summary, which is probably pointless, but it might help to
  keep track of our progress in getting through the files.

* It's ever-so-slightly more efficient and portable, but ultimately, -
  I'd say making it use just /bin/sh would be better, but Bash is
  pretty common-place these days, and has features which make lenchk
  much cleaner.

  Ideally, I'd have written this in Perl, due to the limited lifespan
  of this tester, because a shell can only handle so much data before
  it starts to chug. I figured, however, that not everyone will have
  Perl.

If this commit isn't accepted, no worries, as I'm sure I can repurpose
it for use elsewhere.

Want it, but have issues? Let me know, and I'll get on that ASAP.

Note that I've removed max_length in this commit, to avoid confusion.

---
## [MadeByEmil/dokkoo](https://github.com/MadeByEmil/dokkoo)@[c5e97ae998...](https://github.com/MadeByEmil/dokkoo/commit/c5e97ae998f380b8ee1e48eec956953c12b8817b)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 21:11:31 by Emil Sayahi

16 November 2020 Planning
* Introduced plans for 'collections' context (abandoning 'collection' context inspired by Pigmeat)
	* It appears the Mokk standard is going to be far more different (and simpler!) than I anticipated, having just finished maintenance of Pigmeat and believing I'd simply be rewriting it in Rust and publishing the format I'd built for it. A largely directory-agnostic structure, merely a root and some optional folders, with a global file, makes using the Mokk schema very user-friendly, particularly in how the learning curve is almost zero and the timesink is practically nonexistent! I hope I'm able to implement the plans I've just commited.
		* The possibilities of this structure are pretty cool! Initially, I expect Mokk to be used by the rather technologically-inclined as part of their workflows, as other standards-based technologies have been, such as Markdown, Git, or WordPress.
		* Later, I expect projects to incorporate this technology into themselves; Reddit used Markdown in comments, GitHub used Git in social collaboration, and CMS services use WordPress to publish media content. I'm picturing, as a rather simplistic example, something like David Merfield's "Blot," which could eventually become part of a Tumblr-like ecosystem of blogs (decentralized, of course—or not! Perhaps it could be like micro.blog instead, marketed more like a [macroer/less-micro]blog Twitter … regardless of what it looks like, I'm calling it 'Oku;' I've had thoughts on this for quite a while now)

---
## [ProjectProtoCoopMaster/The-Secret-Proto-Coop](https://github.com/ProjectProtoCoopMaster/The-Secret-Proto-Coop)@[1506ef4b1e...](https://github.com/ProjectProtoCoopMaster/The-Secret-Proto-Coop/commit/1506ef4b1ed5617fc87e5e79f707d0c70ce7163d)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 21:35:09 by Léonard

Fuck you Unity. Legit. Go fuck yourself. Restart these nuts you asswipe.

fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck

---
## [ARandomPotatoPerson/TwineProject](https://github.com/ARandomPotatoPerson/TwineProject)@[19e5752d87...](https://github.com/ARandomPotatoPerson/TwineProject/commit/19e5752d87c6a53801e098f4c20309dfb151115e)
#### Monday 2020-11-16 22:20:53 by ARandomPotatoPerson

So yeah we have pictures now

I don't know what you wanted me to say here. Also I fixed that weird bug where after getting shot nothing would happen. Uh, that's cool IG. Also there's a weird bug when restarting the game that makes some links blue, but honestly I don't even want to know why or how that happens.

---

# [<](2020-11-15.md) 2020-11-16 [>](2020-11-17.md)

