# [<](2020-07-31.md) 2020-08-01 [>](2020-08-02.md)

3,153,186 events, 914,307 push events, 1,310,697 commit messages, 91,459,871 characters


## [RicoViking9000/Disguard](https://github.com/RicoViking9000/Disguard)@[767627a655...](https://github.com/RicoViking9000/Disguard/commit/767627a6556ac7387de82dfaaeeef355ab7f5c51)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 04:31:46 by RicoViking9000

patch 0.2.16

With it being over a month and a half since the last major update, what's been going on with me and Disguard? Vacation, getting a new laptop, and dealing with other things, such as preparation for college has prevented me from doing everything I've wanted to do. And I'll be going away to college halfway through August, two weeks from this commit. I will, of course, continue to work on Disguard, especially as I figure out an online hosting option.

Anyway, I'm back with a major update for Disguard, and although there's a lot of nitty-gritty details here, the everyday operation of Disguard should be a lot smoother now, with a lot more tools focusing on enhanced communication/interaction between me, the developer, and the people using my bot - namely a broadcasting system for me to send messages to servers, and a ticket system, allowing people to quickly contact me for support through Disguard. This is just the beginning - later on, the website will be updated to be more transparent about the data Disguard uses, along numerous other things.

The naming convention is becoming normal again because I don't know what I'm doing by adding 3 additional characters, and soon enough I'll be working on moderation commands.
0: prerelease
2: working on the logging features primarily
16: patch version
So we're on 0.2.16 now, not 0.2.15.A.5.11. Because honestly, what does 'A.5.11' mean? A was supposed to mean alpha for one huge update, but that was not a smart idea. 5 and 11 were version numbers. Conclusion: The model number convention I was using for a while was confusing.

For more information about the new commands, view the Commands section of Disguard's website (https://disguard.netlify.app/commands)

-----NEW FEATURES-----
•New commands
    •Support command: Create a support ticket to get in contact with me if you encounter issues or questions with Disguard
    •Tickets command: View the support tickets you are participating in
    •Invite command: Displays links to invite Disguard to your server and a link to join Disguard's Discord server
    •Server command: Displays basic Disguard-related configuration for your server, such as prefix, time zone, and antispam/logging configuration - will be expanded in the future
    •Lock command: The inverse of the unlock command - use this to lock a member out of accessing any channels in a server. This is the step between a mute and a kick - both of which will have commands in the future
•Added a command for me to broadcast messages to all servers (specific channels that are auto-detected, with options being default logging channel (user-configured), moderator channel, general channel, or DMs of server owners (this will be used almost never))
•Overhauled the HTML and CSS of the Help page on Disguard's website
    •This has been live for a couple of weeks now, but it's being officially documented here
    •Font size overall has been increased
    •Spacing is less focused on the left side of the page, and more on the center
    •Better margins and padding to make text appear less 'squished' against the sides of a table row, for example
    •Website uses more color - namely the red and blue accents for some parts of the website (help page and individual help commands)
    •And much more
    •Changes from last update:
        •Colors are less saturated (I apologize; my old laptop couldn't accurately display colors and my new one can)
        •Some commands have been moved around from the master list to be better categorized (such as purge not being at the top of the list just because it was one of the first commands)
•Overhauled message edit logs
    •Added the regular on_message_edit handler - now, the bot has direct information if the edited message in question was created recently. This will remove wait times for the program to pull information from indexed messages, which I believe is also taxing the bot and laptop. Message edit logs of recent messages will be instantaneous and reliable
    •Added author name/avatar field to message edit logs
    •Added message ID footer field to message edit logs
    •Streamlined the embed description using emojis to save space and give a cleaner aesthetic
    •Message in context no longer botches the order of messages sent before the edited message in question
    •Error messages will now be displayed in detail, where and when applicable
•Improved message delete logs
    •Added millisecond data unit if the timespan between message sent and message deleted is under a second
    •Streamlined information in description using emojis to save space and give a cleaner aesthetic
    •Added author name/avatar to message delete logs
    •Improved audit log data reliability - specifically when somebody deletes multiple messages by another user in a short time span: the 'bulk message delete' audit log type is now taken into consideration

•Tagging Disguard will now send a guide message, with prefix information, ping, and a guide message of how to create a support ticket if desired
•Commands can now be used in DMs due to an improvement to the prefix manager
•Added ability for Disguard to auto-detect a moderator channel based on permissions and channel name
-----CHANGES AND IMPROVEMENTS-----
•The 'quote Jump URL links' feature will now no longer overwrite the Author field of parent embeds, if applicable - it will now only add the original author if the parent embed has no Author field
•Message edit/delete logs no longer have bold field naming due to Discord's UI change

•Bootup will allow the bot to load the necessary local data first, so that logging, antispam, and other commands can get up and running - other verifications and bootup tasks will take place a few minutes later
•Bootup should be optimized to allow smoother operation - along with the verification and syncing tasks that occur every 10 minutes
•The unlock command will now notify members be DM (if possible) that their restrictions have been removed
•Updated the help command by removing the hover help and adding a link to Disguard's Discord server and instructions on submitting a support ticket
•The channels listing for servers in the database will now be organized by category rather than randomly jumbled, making it much easier to configure channels on the web dashboard
•Improved the bot status management - now, the bot will more consistently set a proper status for itself, and will not say it's ready before it actually is simply by disconnecting and reconnecting
•New servers will have a default timezone offset of -4 rather than -5 (EST rather than CST - due to DST, which I'm numerous months slow to implement lol)
•Improved speed of saving antispam configuration on dashboard due to removal of calculating warnings for each member unless the warning value was explicitly changed - this should be more noticeable on servers with more members
•Optmized member status updates, due to how many 'Presence' updates occur through bots on Discord - can be numerous per second. It's possible my bot was being overloaded due to the tracking of custom statuses
•Improved formatting of server birthday announcements, also added a special message for myself since my birthday is August 1
•Optimized the birthday announcement loop checker to not error anymore before the data is ready
-----BUG FIXES-----
•Fixed the error preventing member unban logs from working
•The 'enabled DND' last active flag will no longer falsely come up as the reason, and will only come up if a member actually enabled DND
•Fix the history command erroring and becoming unresponsive due to an improper calculation (off by 1) on my part - will be 18 most recent results rather than 19, as Disguard was hitting the reaction limit
•Fixed Partial Emojis not being processed if inputted into the info command. Partial emojis are emojis the bot doesn't have direct access to
•Disguard will now delete attachments that are at least a year old - an incorrectly formatted method prevented this from ever happening before. Also, the year is a placeholder value since the laptop Disguard's running on has a 256GB SATA SSD - when I move to cloud hosting, I will need to enforce stricter values, such as a 500mb limit per server, and attachment storing for 7 days; something like that, we'll see
•Rearranged the ordering of if statements in the 'index here vs all channels' prompt of the interactive purge command to allow cancelling to take place at that step (previously, the 'index all channels' simply checked if the character 'a' was in the message, and 'cancel' has the letter 'a' in it
-----OTHER-----
•Changed websocket timeout from 5m to 15m
•Delete temporary files every 24h in addition to the old attachments
•Added error catcher to preparing antispam members

---
## [austation/austation](https://github.com/austation/austation)@[faeb346d45...](https://github.com/austation/austation/commit/faeb346d45dd89b20c1f4b53c0dcfcdd97d6a129)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 07:28:34 by ZombiesVsPlants

Exporting Burgers, Breads and misc  (#2030)

* Create food_mixtures.dm

* Finishes food_mixtures

No reagents cause I don't know how to use them.

* Adds food_mixtures.dm to includes

done Alphabetically.

* Create bread.dm

Breads done *whoop whoop

Did the prices by ear, do tell me which prices to change.
(also checked for whitespace)

* Update includes.dm

why are they even backward slashes?

* Create burger.dm and finishes it

holy shit that was depressing I'm cutting it off here today

* Update includes.dm

* fixes indentations

how does this even happen?

* fixes errors and FUCKING I N D E N T A T I O N S

it does it itself I swear it was normal when I made it

* fixes an error

please god this is the last one

---
## [GnomeModder/EnforcerMod](https://github.com/GnomeModder/EnforcerMod)@[2d6582370e...](https://github.com/GnomeModder/EnforcerMod/commit/2d6582370ecf88d72386e7b3304d40092ec28a36)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 08:17:52 by Robert

uhhh added some stuff, fixed a few things

tweaked rig a tiny bit, shouldn't really be noticeable
bumped armor back up to 20 because fuck you. idc if he's ranged, he gets to be tanky
lowered shotgun recoil while shield is up
tweaked shield fov
made stormtrooper the best skin objectively
added tear gas visuals, changed duration to 16s and radius to 24
added custom debuff for tear gas- currently reduces armor by 10, movespeed by 70%, attackspeed by 20% and prevents jumping
increased shield bash hitbox size, doubled active deflect frames, reduced deflect size cus fuck you ok i'll go back and change this later
lowered protect and serve exit duration
updated skill icons(still placeholders but they are cleaner now)
added new bullet tracer
buffed shoulder bash damage a little

---
## [NoobLiROM/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845](https://github.com/NoobLiROM/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845)@[faf75e52f5...](https://github.com/NoobLiROM/android_kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/commit/faf75e52f5280adf4e0ad80db1809ed9efd20568)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 09:58:36 by tanish2k09

Introducing KLapse - A kernel level livedisplay module v4.0

Author: @tanish2k09 (email: tanish2k09.dev@gmail.com)

What is it?
Kernel-based Lapse ("K-Lapse") is a linear RGB scaling module that 'shifts' RGB based on time (of the day/selected by user), or (since v2.0) brightness. This concept is inspired from
LineageOS (formerly known as 'CyanogenMod') ROM's feature "livedisplay" which also changes the display settings (RGB, hue, temperature, etc) based on time.

Why did you decide to make this? (Tell me a story).
I (personally) am a big fan of the livedisplay feature found on LineageOS ROM. I used it every single day, since Android Lollipop. Starting from Android Nougat, a native night mode
solution was added to AOSP and it felt like livedisplay was still way superior, thanks to its various options (you could say it spoiled me, sure). I also maintained a kernel (Venom
kernel) for the device I was using at that time. It was all good until the OEM dropped support for the device at Android M, and XDA being XDA, was already working on N ROMs. The issue
was, these ROMs weren't LineageOS or based on it, so livedisplay was... gone. I decided I'll try to bring that feature to every other ROM. How would I do that? Of course! The kernel! It
worked on every single ROM, it was the key! I started to work on it ASAP and here it is, up on GitHub, licensed under GPL (check klapse.c), open to everyone :)

How does it work?
Think of it like a fancy night mode, but not really. Klapse is dependent on an RGB interface (like Gamma on MTK and KCAL on SD chipsets). It fetches time from the kernel, converts it to
local time, and selects and RGB set based on the time. The result is really smooth shifting of RGB over time.

How does it really work (dev)?
Klapse mode 1 (time-based scaling) uses a method void klapse_pulse(void) that should ideally be called every minute. This can be done by injecting a pulse call inside another method that
is called repeatedly naturally, like cpufreq or atomic or frame commits. It can be anything, whatever you like, even a kthread, as long as it is called repeatedly naturally. To execute
every 60 seconds, use jiffies or ktime, or any similar method. The pulse function fetches the current time and makes calculations based on the current hour and the values of the tunables
listed down below.

Klapse mode 2 (brightness-based scaling) uses a method void set_rgb_slider(<type> bl_lvl) where is the data type of the brightness level used in your kernel source. (OnePlus 6 uses u32
data type for bl_lvl) set_rgb_slider needs to be called/injected inside a function that sets brightness for your device. (OnePlus 6 uses dsi_panel.c for that, check out the diff for that
file in /op6)

What all stuff can it do?

1, Emulate night mode with the proper RGB settings
2, Smoothly scale from one set of RGB to another set of RGB in integral intervals over time.
3, Reduce perceived brightness using brightness_factor by reducing the amount of color on screen. Allows lower apparent brightness than system permits.
4, Scale RGB based on brightness of display (low brightness usually implies a dark environment, where yellowness is probably useful).
5, Automate the perceived brightness independent of whether klapse is enabled, using its own set of start and stop hours.
6, Be more efficient,faster by residing inside the kernel instead of having to use the HWC HAL like android's night mode.
7, (On older devices) Reduce stuttering or frame lags caused by native night mode.
8, An easier solution against overlay-based apps that run as service in userspace/Android and sometimes block apps asking for permissions.
9, Give you a Livedisplay alternative if it doesn't work in your ROM.
10, Impress your crush so you can get a date (Hey, don't forget to credit me if it works).

Alright, so this is a replacement for night mode?
NO! Not at all. One can say this is merely an alternative for LineageOS' Livedisplay, but inside a kernel. Night mode is a sub-function of both Livedisplay and KLapse. Most comparisons
here were made with night mode because that's what an average user uses, and will relate to the most. There is absolutely no reason for your Android kernel to not have KLapse. Go ahead
and add it or ask your kernel maintainer to. It's super-easy!

What can it NOT do (yet)?

1, Calculate scaling to the level of minutes, like "Start from 5:37pm till 7:19am". --TODO
2, Make coffee for you.
3, Fly you to the moon. Without a heavy suit.
4, Get you a monthly subscription of free food, cereal included.

All these following tunables are found in their respective files in /sys/klapse/

1. enable_klapse : A switch to enable or disable klapse. Values : 0 = off, 1 = on (since v2.0, 2 = brightness-dependent mode)
2. klapse_start_hour : The hour at which klapse should start scaling the RGB values from daytime to target (see next points). Values : 0-23
3. klapse_stop_hour : The hour by which klapse should scale back the RGB values from target to daytime (see next points). Values : 0-23
4. daytime_rgb : The RGB set that must be used for all the time outside of start and stop hour range.
5. target_rgb : The RGB set that must be scaled towards for all the time inside of start and stop hour range.
6. klapse_scaling_rate : Controls how soon the RGB reaches from daytime to target inside of start and stop hour range. Once target is reached, it remains constant till 30 minutes before
   stop hour, where target RGB scales back to daytime RGB.
7. brightness_factor : From the name itself, this value has the ability to bend perception and make your display appear as if it is at a lesser brightness level than it actually is at.
   It works by reducing the RGB values by the same factor. Values : 2-10, (10 means accurate brightness, 5 means 50% of current brightness, you get it)
8. brightness_factor_auto : A switch that allows you to automatically set the brightness factor in a set time range. Value : 0 = off, 1 = on
9. brightness_factor_auto_start_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be applied. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
10. brightness_factor_auto_stop_hour : The hour at which brightness_factor should be reverted to 10. Works only if #8 is 1. Values : 0-23
11. backlight_range : The brightness range within which klapse should scale from daytime to target_rgb. Works only if #1 is 2. Values : MIN_BRIGHTNESS-MAX_BRIGHTNESS

Signed-off-by: khusika <khusikadhamar@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I296dd303a663afc06427758876b1a3e38e004d37
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [000yesnt/000yesnt.github.io](https://github.com/000yesnt/000yesnt.github.io)@[b140b69206...](https://github.com/000yesnt/000yesnt.github.io/commit/b140b69206dfd9734d8eaffc85e39e17e1cc96eb)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 11:31:22 by yeeeesnt

i will beat you to death with my shoe

shitty commit title aside, this adds absolute paths, making everything more consistent

"FUN MOTHERFUCKING FACT: Chrome, for SOME FUCKING REASON, disables autoplaying! FUCK!!!!! "

---
## [CNDRD/5---Bruce](https://github.com/CNDRD/5---Bruce)@[25d38c2c13...](https://github.com/CNDRD/5---Bruce/commit/25d38c2c13a2692c3b427edd3a32c67983548174)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 13:38:04 by CNDRD

when more than 1000 kills a wild ',' would appear fucking shit up

---
## [BigPhatNerd/UpTrade](https://github.com/BigPhatNerd/UpTrade)@[b5d6a07c65...](https://github.com/BigPhatNerd/UpTrade/commit/b5d6a07c65f7e7020f92813a05441ba28638bed3)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 16:37:41 by Wilson Horrell

Update listings.js

Hey dmjohnspor!
We communicated last night on the AskBCS on Slack. I took a look at your code this morning. In order to get helpful errors on Postman, you will want to remove:
  get() {
           return this.getDataValue("request").split(";");
         },
         set(val) {
          this.setDataValue("request", val.join(";"));
         },
at least for now. This will help troubleshooting.

---
## [KathyRyals/RyalsBaystation12](https://github.com/KathyRyals/RyalsBaystation12)@[9abbdd56d2...](https://github.com/KathyRyals/RyalsBaystation12/commit/9abbdd56d27efa66cc88b35cf20ad9425f72dbc7)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 18:00:51 by Kathy

Added a bunch of alt clicks / ctrl click behaviours.


Fixed being able to eject from everywhere


Changed behaviour, added chem dispenser and chem master eject proc.


Fuck


Fixed again goddammit


Implemented suggested changes.


Travis man bad


WIP


Fixed typo


Should work now.


Added grinder alt click, ctrl click, ctrlalt click


FIXED BULLSHIT SPACE


Flip my shit


Removed src

---
## [MarkSuckerberg/WaspStation-1.0](https://github.com/MarkSuckerberg/WaspStation-1.0)@[99800a1cd1...](https://github.com/MarkSuckerberg/WaspStation-1.0/commit/99800a1cd1b11dd1a1f902644baa644e5903a2d3)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 20:23:56 by MrDoomBringer

[Ready] Skillcapes II: Revenge of the broken github: A Skill Menu Special: New Sprites Edition (#50656)

* 10K hours

60,000 minutes
hahah

sure if you want a trailing newline i can do that

default cloak gets default skill

lazy list and no equip good

necessary ig

Update code/datums/skills/_skill.dm

Co-Authored-By: nemvar <47324920+nemvar@users.noreply.github.com>
Update code/datums/skills/gaming.dm

Co-Authored-By: Angust <46400996+Angustmeta@users.noreply.github.com>
WIP PDA skill monitor program

hacky fixes till i refactor skills

refactors skills a bit, adds admin skill edit menu

If you have a failing, it's that you're always demanding perfection

...IF you have a failing
i think that's it for the admin skill manger

appeases lord flord

bruh

level names

FUCK!!

unga

Update code/modules/vehicles/vehicle_key.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Update code/modules/admin/topic.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Update code/modules/admin/skill_panel.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Update code/modules/admin/skill_panel.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Apply suggestions from code review

frick

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
EOL and dumb spaces

more rohsie bait

tgui: Query Windows Registry for BYOND cache directory

hell yeah brother

update tgui and dmi

CLRF and bat file

typo ig

* tgui and new janicloak that i accdiently changed on another branch

* jani

* gamer cloak

* trim trailing whitespace

* tgui

* bruh

* variable renaming

---
## [CatTrinket/porydex](https://github.com/CatTrinket/porydex)@[9bbe84c880...](https://github.com/CatTrinket/porydex/commit/9bbe84c8807cbce04044997acfb8a5b218317b3b)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 22:38:43 by Trinket

Add Pokémon moves from Red/Blue to Sword/Shield 1.0.

Once again, this isn't perfect but I'm leaving it here and moving
onward, lol.

Weird edge cases:

- I gave Draco Meteor specifically to Dragon-Type Arceus in Gen 4, and
  to all forms of Arceus in Gen 5+.  I'm *guessing* this is right, but
  haven't fully tested it myself.

  Bulbapedia says that Arceus and Silvally need to be Dragon-type when
  they learn Draco Meteor.  However, I tested it with Arceus in Alpha
  Sapphire and with Silvally in Ultra Moon and Sword, and in all those
  cases, its current type doesn't matter.  I think it may have been true
  originally, though — in Gen 4 the tutor NPC's script literally checks
  the Pokémon's types (from what I remember digging into it in like
  2013), whereas in Gen 5+, there's just a flag in the stat struct.

  I don't have an Arceus in Gen 4-5 though, so I'd need to get set up on
  an emulator and cheat one up to finish testing it.  Which I'll do...
  at some point.

- In B/W 2, I couldn't find the tutor lists for the life of me.  The
  tutor *flags* are right there in the stat structs, but I had to match
  them up with moves manually by making a list of which Pokémon have
  each flag and then matching that up with Bulbapedia's info.  So it's
  possible that two moves' entire lists are swapped, or something.

- In Gen 7, I gave all of Pikachu's forms the Volt Tackle tutor.  I
  tested this in US/UM with regular Pikachu and Partner Cap Pikachu, but
  I don't have any other caps so I can't say for sure that Pikachu in a
  Cap gets it in S/M.  For now I'm just going to assume they all get it,
  though.

- I left some technically-impossible moves in — e.g. egg moves with no
  suitable parent, or Melmetal having an evo move despite only evolving
  in Pokémon GO.  I might remove them at some point, but filtering the
  egg moves in particular would be pretty complicated so I'm leaving it
  for now.

- Silvally is flagged as learning all three Pledge tutors in US/UM and
  Sw/Sh, but the actual tutor NPC isn't set up to offer a move selection
  menu, since everything else learns one Pledge at most, so they just
  offer to teach it Grass Pledge.

  In this case, I *did* actually remove the impossible moves.  Like, I
  figure that in the other cases, at least you can't definitively say
  that e.g. Melmetal *won't* learn Thunder Punch after evolving —
  there's just no way to try it.  But on the other hand, you *can* in
  fact take Silvally to the tutor in hopes of learning Water Pledge and
  wind up disappointed.

- I don't have G-Max moves in the move table yet, which obviously means
  I can't associate them to Pokémon.  I'll sort that out later.

---
## [WarswordConquestTeam/Warsword-Conquest](https://github.com/WarswordConquestTeam/Warsword-Conquest)@[ce4d8f020b...](https://github.com/WarswordConquestTeam/Warsword-Conquest/commit/ce4d8f020b761c941500a4c7912b3e90e009d4c6)
#### Saturday 2020-08-01 23:01:24 by Marshal

The winter heat update

Marshal optimization pack for July 2020
+added new female sounds
+various kislev items has been revised and inproved, also added a new armor set for the sons of ursun
+optimazed from You1 which are use all arround the mod, some scenes should load faster now (orcs)
+Rebalanced araby armor and weight values.
++Rebalanced D-elf armor and weight values, also added a new model for the Hashassin helmet.
+Replaced the roman helmet from the amazons for a greek helm
-Rebalanced the dark elves base stats to give them more AGI than STR, also buffed Black guard of naggaront a bit.
+renamed quite a few troops
+added an scort of 8 maiden adventurers to the
+increased settra's Charisma  5>25
+replaced several music themes which i personally found annoying with more warhammer themed songs.
And a few other things i dont remember, We will have an official update of scripts later coming from Burspa.

---

# [<](2020-07-31.md) 2020-08-01 [>](2020-08-02.md)

