# [<](2020-01-29.md) 2020-01-30 [>](2020-01-31.md)

2,061,512 events, 1,045,628 push events, 1,660,744 commit messages, 130,639,682 characters


## [ArcaneMusic/tgstation@00043330a0...](https://github.com/ArcaneMusic/tgstation/commit/00043330a0c70bff651e8e7f68fe0b6c52dd0be8)
##### 2020-01-30 07:55:49 by fluffe9911

New King Goat Lavaland Boss! (#48823)

About The Pull Request

This pr adds in a new lavaland boss in a seperate z level arena also included are goat plushies that ram into people and goat skins which you get by butchering goats and can wear on your head, a goat gun that shoots goats and finally multiple tweaks/fixes generally involving possible ways to teleport out of noteleport area and or cheese the king goat.
Why It's Good For The Game

Lavaland has not seen any new bosses for a long bloody time and although the boss may be a bit silly I feel more hardcore players will enjoy the challenge it brings since this is meant to be a very hard boss also new goat related items are always neat.

🆑 Fluffe9911 for porting/making most of it, Monster and Sabiran for the King Goat!
add: A new king goat lavaland boss!
add: Goats now drop skin which you can wear on your head! (coder sprite)
add: Goat themed plushies that ram people! (realistic version sprite by identification code by karma)
/🆑

goat

This is ported over from my work on yogstation with minor changes mostly to make things work there is more goat content I made but didnt wanna do too much at once and dont know if tg would like it

---
## [locutus2/Stockfish@9afa03b80e...](https://github.com/locutus2/Stockfish/commit/9afa03b80ea4610729427ee8287a5bbadba03e02)
##### 2020-01-30 08:44:11 by noobpwnftw

7-pieces Syzygy tablebase support

This is the first patch teaching Stockfish how to use the 7-pieces
Syzygy tablebase currently calculated by Bujun Guo (@noobpwnftw) and
Ronald de Man (@syzygy1). The 7-pieces database are so big that they
required a change in the internal format of the files (technically,
some DTZ values are 16 bits long, so this had to be stored as wide
integers in the Huffman tree).

Here are the estimated file size for the 7-pieces Syzygy files,
compared to the 151G of the 6-pieces Syzygy:

```
7.1T    ./7men_testing/4v3_pawnful (ongoing, 120 of 325 sets remaining)
2.4T    ./7men_testing/4v3_pawnless
2.3T    ./7men_testing/5v2_pawnful
660G    ./7men_testing/5v2_pawnless
117G    ./7men_testing/6v1_pawnful
87G     ./7men_testing/6v1_pawnless
```
Some pointers to download or recalculate the tables:

Location of original files, by Bujun Guo:
ftp://ftp.chessdb.cn/pub/syzygy/

Mirrors:
http://tablebase.sesse.net/ (partial)
http://tablebase.lichess.ovh/tables/standard/7/

Generator code:
https://github.com/syzygy1/tb/

Closes https://github.com/official-stockfish/Stockfish/pull/1707

Bench: 5591925 (No functional change if SyzygyTB is not used)

----------------------

Comment by Leonardo Ljubičić (@DragonMist)

This is an amazing achievement, generating and being able to use 7 men syzygy
on the fly. Thank you for your efforts @noobpwnftw !! Looking forward how this
will work in real life, and expecting some trade off between gaining perfect
play and slow disc Access, but once the disc speed and space is not a problem,
I expect 7 men to yield something like 30 elo at least.

-----------------------

Comment by Michael Byrne (@MichaelB7)

This definitely has a bright future. I turned off the 50 move rule (ala ICCF
new rules) for the following position:  `[d]8/8/1b6/8/4N2r/1k6/7B/R1K5 w - - 0 1`
This position is a 451 ply win for white (sans the 50 move rule, this position
was identified by the generator as the longest cursed win for white in KRBN v KRB).

Now Stockfish finds it instantly (as it should), nice work 👊👍 .
```
dep score	    nodes	    time
  7	+132.79 	4339    	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Nd6+ Kc5 Bg1+ Kxd6 Rxb6+ Kc7 Be3 Rh2 Bd4
  6	+132.79 	1652    	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Nd2+ Kd5 Rxb6 Rxh2 Nf3 Rf2
  5	+132.79 	589      	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Rxb6 Rxh2 Nf6 Rh1+ Kb2
  4	+132.79 	308      	0:00.00	Rb1+ Kc4 Nd6+ Kc3 Rxb6 Rxh2
  3	+132.79 	88        	0:00.00	Rb1+ Ka4 Nc3+ Ka5 Ra1+ Kb4 Ra4+ Kxc3 Rxh4
  2	+132.79 	54        	0:00.00	Rb1+ Ka4 Nc3+ Ka5 Ra1+ Kb4
  1	+132.7
```

---
## [Wuyang-Chung/freebsd.wyc@db5ca2d2bf...](https://github.com/Wuyang-Chung/freebsd.wyc/commit/db5ca2d2bf12a80629c4a8cedc188f55ab6a20e7)
##### 2020-01-30 09:04:56 by kevans

MFC r357103-r357104: unbreak local.lua, add a modules.loaded hook

r357103:
loader.lua: re-arrange to load local.lua *after* config loading

The major problem with the current ordering is that loader.conf may contain
all of the magic we need to actually setup the console, so loading local.lua
prior to that can make it excessively difficult and annoying to debug
(whoops, sorry Ravi & Warner).

The new ordering has some implications, but I suspect they are a non-issue.
The first is that it's no longer possible for the local module to inject any
logic prior to loading config -- I suspect no one has relied on this. The
second implication is that the config.loaded hook is now useless, as the
local module will always be included after that hook would have fired.

For config.loaded, I will opt to leave it in, just in case we add an early
point for local lua to get injected or in case one wants to schedule some
deferred logic in a custom loader.lua. The overhead of having it if no hooks
will be invoked is relatively minimal.

r357104:
lua: add modules.loaded hook

This may be used for the local module to hook in and load any additional
modules that it wants, since it can't modify the modules table internal to
config. We may consider adding API to do so at a later time, but I suspect
it will be more complicated to use with little return.

status is captured but ignored for the purpose of loading the hook. status
will be false if *any* module failed to load, but we typically don't let
that halt the boot so there's no reason to let it halt hooks. Some vendors
or setups may have expected fails that would be actively thwarted by
checking it.

We may, at a later date, consider adding an API for letting non-config
modules check which modules have successfully (or not) loaded in case an
unexpected failure *should* halt whatever they are doing.

---
## [PRESIDENT810/LeetCode-Practice@85c3519645...](https://github.com/PRESIDENT810/LeetCode-Practice/commit/85c35196451857b27baa8644e8eb670a667ae803)
##### 2020-01-30 15:37:51 by Jacket

Fuck ring replacement
Fuck this shit
Stupid bitch ass
Fuck you little fucker

---
## [CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night@6e7102bdab...](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/6e7102bdabf32d5d58b8403b3dc374a422a66e44)
##### 2020-01-30 20:45:14 by SandwichHorror

cool & good update

- Bosses don't show 2 healthbars
- part 1 of making sure all mob variants get Roughmobs raw stat attributes (follow range, knockback resistance for zombs, etc.)
Next up: skeletons and creepers
- spiders are 10% faster
- all wolves are beefier and faster so they don't die in 1 hit and make you sad
- all bears are tougher. have you ever knocked back a bear with a punch? I don't think so
- removed dungeon tactics rings and magic tether (it was just a more OP and cheaper recall potion)
- removed sausage-in-bread, beef wellington, and mob foods from harvestcraft (first two had way few ingredients and were the 2nd best level of food in the game. rest removed for balance/not infinite food from monster hordes. there's already so much fun food in this pack. mob soup will be added back later with a new ingredient)
- haha funny chef rat recipes

---
## [bobbahbrown/tgstation@65485b9c54...](https://github.com/bobbahbrown/tgstation/commit/65485b9c54e9d2fc269e40502ab929888cdb2db3)
##### 2020-01-30 21:41:14 by ArcaneMusic

Adds a new Tech to the B.E.P.I.S., Specialized Engineering, and a new Minor Reward. (#48507)

About The Pull Request

Round 2.
image
Adds a new tech to be unlocked within the B.E.P.I.S.'s major techs, called "Specialized Engineering". Within that tech are 2 new items, Heat Resistant Rods, and the Tinker's Gloves, as well as a new minor tech, the Survival Pen.
Heat Resistant Rods:
Have you ever wanted to expand Lavaland Base? Build a lava fortress worthy of your magnificence? Well, now you can! Using Heat Resistant Rods, you can make a catwalk to cross lava tiles, as well as build atop lava, without messy methods like using the RCD!
Tinker's Gloves:
This just in engineers, insulated gloves have new competition in town! The Tinker's gloves are complicated, overdesigned gloves that, while not very shockproof, allow for faster wall girder construction. No longer will you need to die of old age walling off an area when you're out of RCD ammo! Warning: This product contains no likeness to clockwork gauntlets used by the extinct cult of Rat'Var, and any such similarity is by no means intentional.

Survival Pen:
Have you ever been stuck on lavaland, trapped by your survival pod with just a few chairs, some titanium walls, and walls of ash closing in on you? Well THANK GOD you have your Rockbreaker brand Survival Pen! Allows for basic mining operations, and is portable like a standard pen!
BUT WAIT!
A watcher blocks your path. Thankfully, your expensive, diamond encrusted pen isn't just good for being the world's slowest pickaxe, it's ALSO coated in the one thing watchers crave: DIAMONDS. Toss the pen to draw the watcher's attention elsewhere.
Why It's Good For The Game

Starts to fill our B.E.P.I.S. Major Reward Techs, as intended, and fills a niche that doesn't get much play nowadays: Building on Lavaland. This was something I've had in the back of my mind since we did the first tests of the Disaster gamemode a few months ago, so each item here was made with the intention of improving the mining base should the station become un-livable. Lava-Proof Rods are beneficial in that you'll be able to cross and build over lava by the mid-end of the shift. RCDs still work as usual, but this way you won't have to worry about getting specialized engineering equipment as a member of cargo or science. The tinker's gloves are basically a variant of the nitrile gloves, but they grant a speed bonus to adding plating to metal girders, so that some kind of functional alternative to giving every engineer insulated gloves.
Survival Pens are quite honestly very niche, but getting dumb pens with extra functionality is a tradition of trade shows all over the world, so it feels right at home as a minor reward.

Also, does a tiny change to the doe sprites, just to look a little bit less old.
Changelog

cl
add: A new Technology has been implemented as a major reward in the B.E.P.I.S., Specialized Engineering, to appeal to engineering utility and new construction horizons.
tweak: Watchers will now actively consume diamond ore left lying around, alongside the new survival pens.
/cl

---
## [newstools/2020-the-times@3bed16520c...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-times/commit/3bed16520cc1aee1300af7d654c94cf0f83a9454)
##### 2020-01-30 21:49:17 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.timeslive.co.za/tshisa-live/tshisa-live/2020-01-30-watch--stupid-criminals-told-my-friends-i-was-arrested-papa-penny-warns-about-con-men/]

---
## [jpvs1978/Win10-Initial-Setup-Script@7df79cac16...](https://github.com/jpvs1978/Win10-Initial-Setup-Script/commit/7df79cac1670be372d87c72d6e2294ee558f5ba0)
##### 2020-01-30 23:36:09 by Disassembler

v 2.1
- Add "Disable scheduled defragmentation" (disabled by default), closes #3
- Add "Set BIOS time to UTC" (disabled by default)
- Add "Disable installation of consumer experience applications"
- Add "Disable search for app in store for unknown extensions"
- Add "Disable 'How do you want to open this file?' prompt"
- Move Autorun and Autoplay from UI tweaks to service tweaks
- Update "Enable NumLock after startup" with a horrible hack which I'm ashamed of but gets the job done
- Suppres errors while removing nonexistant keys during Photo Viewer tweak reverts
- Change a way how the WaitForKey key press is handled

---

# [<](2020-01-29.md) 2020-01-30 [>](2020-01-31.md)

