# [<](2020-04-27.md) 2020-04-28 [>](2020-04-29.md)

2,738,853 events, 1,420,859 push events, 2,236,250 commit messages, 157,269,409 characters


## [moz-gfx/webrender](https://github.com/moz-gfx/webrender)@[535180e818...](https://github.com/moz-gfx/webrender/commit/535180e81836da74560725208babf818ec2e2a98)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 04:01:11 by Jamie Nicol

Bug 1632795 - Ensure invalidate_rendered_frame is not overridden by the frame being a no-op. r=gw

The RenderBackend can be sent an `invalidate_rendered_frame` flag to
indicate that the current rendered frame is invalid. This is useful
when the platform requires a render, eg when starting or resuming the
app on Android. Upon receiving this flag, the render backend will set
a variable `doc.rendered_frame_is_valid = false`. Later on it will
decide to skip rendering only if this variable is true, so by setting
the invalidate flag we should be able to ensure the next render will
occur.

However, the RenderBackend also tries to skip renders which it
determines are not required. Currently it does this by setting
`doc.rendered_frame_is_valid = true` if it decides the frame is a
no-op. This overwrites the previous value set by the
`invalidate_rendered_frame` flag, meaning webrender skips renderering
even though the platform has requested it.

This was resulting in the GVE app showing a black screen on startup,
and Fenix temporarily showing a black screen whilst opening a new tab,
because despite WebRenderBridgeParent requesting an invalidation
immediately on startup, webrender ignored that request until it
decided it actually had content to paint.

To fix this, the logic should be flipped. The value of
`doc.rendered_frame_is_valid` must be remembered across document
updates rather than defaulting to false. And instead of setting it
true if webrender thinks the frame is a no-op, we must set it false if
webrender thinks the frame is *not* a no-op.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D72600

[ghsync] From https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/rev/2760b8a14f17ac39b2b6cc1ac2d63f2f1d05bb77

---
## [JoeySmulders/RoR-Turbo-Edition](https://github.com/JoeySmulders/RoR-Turbo-Edition)@[4af8846d8b...](https://github.com/JoeySmulders/RoR-Turbo-Edition/commit/4af8846d8b79153d28b6b71c67743ff934f9bc58)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 04:17:52 by Joey Smulders

Balanced items, cursed longsword and bloody cross no longer target friendly enemies, crates now save what selection you had when cancelling them (on 1.8.4-beta1)

---
## [deviant-dev/dominatrix-simulator-ink](https://github.com/deviant-dev/dominatrix-simulator-ink)@[4157c26310...](https://github.com/deviant-dev/dominatrix-simulator-ink/commit/4157c26310f5f375126e5ff26febc84a41e715ec)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 04:35:41 by HeadphoneTaco

Nega Intro and subsequent scenes

~~Nega_Intro~~

-Added distracted and timeout loop @ nega_tease_again

-Added distracted and timeout loop @ check_reward_again

-Created a check for tutorial state, to shorten negas lines when asking for bloodstone
 -Can't force the game into a non-tutorial state to test the if/else logic, need help

-Added animations to Nega_BadJob

~~Nega_Reward_Dice~~

-Missing voice lines when nega is demanding player hand over bloodstone
 -Now, give it to me.
 -Time to pay up!
   And after bloodstone is given
  -Thanks for the treat, fuckup!
  -Your ass is mine!
  -You're going to get what you deserve.
  -You're in for it now!
  -This'll be fun! For me at least!
~~Nega_generic_responses~~

-added nega_badjob_squatting and emotions

-added animations to nega_goodjob

---
## [python-discord/bot](https://github.com/python-discord/bot)@[b0c07a9e52...](https://github.com/python-discord/bot/commit/b0c07a9e5212ce38c2237b0b1294c344602d5d6f)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 09:59:34 by Sebastiaan Zeeff

Insert help channels at the bottom of the category

This commit reintroduces bottom sorting for help channels during a category move, but in a more reliable way that also causes far fewer "channel list glitches". This is accomplished by using the "bulk channels update" endpoint of the Discord API.

-----------
The Problem
-----------

Discord's positioning system is not that easy to work with for developers: Instead of having separate pools of position integers for each category, all text channels are considered to be part of the same "position pool" (or "bucket" in discord.py terms). This also means that changing the position integer of one channel may cause the position integer of another to change, regardless of if the channels share a category or even of if they are close to each other in the guild. As clients receive the position update for each channel as separate CHANNEL UPDATE events, this means that moving one channel may cause other channels to (temporarily) jump around as the client receives the EVENTS from the API. As some position changes affect all the channels in the guild, this will also trigger a nice "channel wave" rolling down the channel list from time to time.

For our use case, this was exacerbated by the way `discord.py` handles position changes: It will enumerate the entire, sorted channel list whenever a position change occurs and send a "bulk request" with updated position integers for the entire guild to Discord. This was the reason that all of the sorting methods we've tried resulted in a lot of those "wave" glitches as clients would get a lot of CHANNEL UPDATE events. In addition, the way `discord.py` inserted channels into the payload also meant that our "high integer" methods did not work reliably.

------------
The Solution
------------

Fortunately, there is a solution that will work well most of the time: Making a `bulk channels update` request with only channels of the category we're currently interested in. By providing the current position of the channels that are already in the category, combined with the correct position of the channel moving into the category, we effectively "lock in" the existing channels at the location they already have. The new channel is simply moved into the right position in relation to the existing channels.

This means that effectively, we only communicate one channel position change to Discord, making sure that as few channels as possible actually change their formal "position int".

From there on, there are two options:

1. Keep the existing channels in place, add the new channel at the bottom (new highest int)
2. Keep the existing channels in place, add the new channel at the top (new lowest int)

Both methods work, but option two has a flaw: The position int will get smaller and smaller, until it reaches `0`. Since negative position integers are not allowed, the entire category now has to be shifted upwards to make room for new top channels. This comes at the cost of a "wave" glitch within the category. My initial instinct was to solve this by giving the channels in the category a "really high" straight of position ints, but as Discord recalculates the ints from time to time anyway, this does not work.

That's why I opted for the `bottom sort` option, which does not suffer from that issue. I've also asked the question of `top` vs `bottom` in #admins, without the context above, and the preferred method seemed to be `bottom` in any case.

-----------
Limitations
-----------

While Discord doesn't care that much about duplicates or neatly ascending integers, some channel move actions will inevitably result in a recalculation of the positions ints. This means that "wave" glitches may still happen from time to time, but they should be infrequent. (They also happen if you drag channels in your client; it seems to be a fundamental part of how positioning works.) I think this is something we'll have to live with.

Another thing that I suspect may happen is that during times of API lag in the middle of help channel rush hour, some CHANNEL UPDATE events belonging to previous channel moves will not be received/processed yet by the time we make the next move. As we rely on cached position integers, this could mean that from time to time a channel is inserted near the bottom but not at the bottom. As Discord sends these CHANNEL UPDATE replies as individual events in an asynchronous manner instead of as a single response to our `bulk channels update` request, there's nothing much we can do about this. However, I have yet to observe this, so maybe it will never happen.

---
## [azrim/kernel_xiaomi_ginkgo](https://github.com/azrim/kernel_xiaomi_ginkgo)@[1a9a41777f...](https://github.com/azrim/kernel_xiaomi_ginkgo/commit/1a9a41777f52d45e6dbd8e62ef22b3b8843cedd2)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 10:19:29 by BrateloSlava

fs/dyn_sync_cntrl: add dynamic sync control

this patch is include:
===
fs/dyn_sync_cntrl: dynamic sync control
The dynamic sync control interface uses Android kernel's unique early
suspend / lat resume interface.

While screen is on, file sync is disabled
when screen is off, a file sync is called to flush all outstanding writes
and restore file sync operation as normal.

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/93e36fa07a6cb4ae04c2905b4d888ea58f0ea30c

===
fs/dyn_sync_cntrl: Linux 3.4 Kernel compatibility fixup
Signed-off-by: faux123 <reioux@gmail.com>

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/d515d798f06ebcd1fb3a23070224f6ef30a46935

===
fs/dyn_fsync: check dyn fsync control's active prior to performing fsync ops

Signed-off-by: Andrew Bartholomew <andrewb03@gmail.com>

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/451997e21a1dde308eff98bac48ec25749a1f982

===
dynamic filesync: add some cache optimizations and clean up file format and typos

bump version to 1.1

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/e361fca89d469f7eea5ef5b097a3eac493a1e5c8

===
dynamic fsync: add reboot notifier to force flush outstanding data

this should further prevent data corruption from kernel panics and
forced reboots

bump version to 1.2

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/ff2c3393215b1d7e4042a6ba58f416121168ae97

===
dynamic fsync: add kernel panic notifier to force flush outstanding data

more paranoia safety checks

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/8862f0503cf4e603e62df01cac42879c6e8eb957

===
fs: update dynamic fsync

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/4845455fc3213374c6fe3a2cfa5a47bcc3d916dd

===
use powersuspend when needed

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/95b75887771b884cb9b7c6d59d2e6105b706f600

===
fs/sync: Make sync() satisfy many requests with one invocation
Dave Jones reported RCU stalls, overly long hrtimer interrupts, and
amazingly long NMI handlers from a trinity-induced workload involving
lots of concurrent sync() calls (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/23/369).
There are any number of things that one might do to make sync() behave
better under high levels of contention, but it is also the case that
multiple concurrent sync() system calls can be satisfied by a single
sys_sync() invocation.

Given that this situation is reminiscent of rcu_barrier(), this commit
applies the rcu_barrier() approach to sys_sync().  This approach uses
a global mutex and a sequence counter.  The mutex is held across the
sync() operation, which eliminates contention between concurrent sync()
operations.  The counter is incremented at the beginning and end of
each sync() operation, so that it is odd while a sync() operation is in
progress and even otherwise, just like sequence locks.

The code that used to be in sys_sync() is now in do_sync(), and sys_sync()
now handles the concurrency.  The sys_sync() function first takes a
snapshot of the counter, then acquires the mutex, and then takes another
snapshot of the counter.  If the values of the two snapshots indicate that
a full do_sync() executed during the mutex acquisition, the sys_sync()
function releases the mutex and returns ("Our work is done!").  Otherwise,
sys_sync() increments the counter, invokes do_sync(), and increments
the counter again.

This approach allows a single call to do_sync() to satisfy an arbitrarily
large number of sync() system calls, which should eliminate issues due
to large numbers of concurrent invocations of the sync() system call.

Changes since v1 (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/24/683):

o	Add a pair of memory barriers to keep the increments from
	bleeding into the do_sync() code.  (The failure probability
	is insanely low, but when you have several hundred million
	devices running Linux, you can expect several hundred instances
	of one-in-a-million failures.)

o	Actually CC some people who have experience in this area.

Reported-by: Dave Jones <davej@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Alexander Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Cc: Jan Kara <jack@suse.cz>
Cc: Curt Wohlgemuth <curtw@google.com>
Cc: Jens Axboe <jaxboe@fusionio.com>
Cc: linux-fsdevel@vger.kernel.org

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

https://github.com/rmbq/android_kernel_htc_msm8960/commit/bed2016f7f1a87bf9408669949ef19b10e9d35a6

Conflicts:
	fs/sync.c

Change-Id: I18b14b22794b1a8f6175e837a769f2a232e56b8d

---
## [qt/qtdeclarative](https://github.com/qt/qtdeclarative)@[d59e12a329...](https://github.com/qt/qtdeclarative/commit/d59e12a329e6a2127fd43e438cbfe9f750c646fc)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 11:29:43 by Laszlo Agocs

Move updateRhiTexture and co. to QSGTexture

Use a more descriptive name, commitTextureOperations() in order to avoid
confusion with QSGDynamicTexture::updateTexture() which has nothing to
do with this.

With this the QSGTexture interface has all 5.14 pending changes done
(changes that were plumbed via ugly hacks due to having had to deal with
binary compatibility). The awful enforcing of subclassing QSGTexturePrivate
for each and every QSGTexture subclass is now eliminated.

Purging the direct OpenGL code path will involve removing QSGTexture functions
like textureId(), bind(), updateBindOptions(). With this patch we now we have all
the equivalents (or, in some cases, spiritual successors) in place.

Task-number: QTBUG-82997
Change-Id: I7a831f982070c52abc7a36604130a1110d14ff9c
Reviewed-by: Andy Nichols <andy.nichols@qt.io>

---
## [Aristeuz/Epic-Gamelab-Game](https://github.com/Aristeuz/Epic-Gamelab-Game)@[eee50414d6...](https://github.com/Aristeuz/Epic-Gamelab-Game/commit/eee50414d618f4564d85772ff3caa092f0b080d7)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 14:02:43 by Tilly-World

porbuilder and terrain level making

probuiler has to be one of the most frustrating tools ever. fuck me up son. its goann look kinda shit for now but ill get there when my brian isnt attempting to make me feel emotions. good day and good night

---
## [olopk/autorejestr](https://github.com/olopk/autorejestr)@[07729a61f2...](https://github.com/olopk/autorejestr/commit/07729a61f2f72d6c8a720a3b2d6c8d488c3571a0)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 14:10:06 by olopk

i hate this fucking shit. Finished landscape view for movile.

---
## [taniamartins/learningpython](https://github.com/taniamartins/learningpython)@[536e7435d5...](https://github.com/taniamartins/learningpython/commit/536e7435d5bd38de1d8f2dcd065e606f72bef307)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 14:16:12 by Tania Martins

Code First Girls - Exercise 2.2

You have friends at your house for dinner and you've accidentally burnt the lasagne. Time to
order pizza.
Write a program to calculate how many pizzas you need to feed you and your friends.

---
## [spookyahell/pyOneFichierClient](https://github.com/spookyahell/pyOneFichierClient)@[384a9933ac...](https://github.com/spookyahell/pyOneFichierClient/commit/384a9933acba40d06bc3cabd07791ddf9ea8c2d6)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 15:01:31 by spookyahell

Being honest is important these days. Please go fuck yourself Donald Trump.

---
## [maniac79/EverDrive-Packs-Lists-Database](https://github.com/maniac79/EverDrive-Packs-Lists-Database)@[81f0626936...](https://github.com/maniac79/EverDrive-Packs-Lists-Database/commit/81f06269364bcab889153a28e2bf92a2f29faaa0)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 15:59:39 by Commander Dennis

NES: Update ED N8 & PowerPak SMDB

** Next big update **

** 4 Hacks **
General:
Added Hacks to '4 Hacks' which were previously only available in other folders (Translations/Selections & maybe Game Series Collections):
1. Castlevania III Dracula's Curse - Uncensored Edition (Hack).nes
2. Castlevania III Uncensored Edition (Hack).nes
3. Ghostbusters (USA) (Hack) Remastered 2019 v1.1 NesRocks.nes
4. Ms. Pac-Man (Unl) (Tengen) (Fixed Mirroring).nes
5. Orgada (TwinBee Hack) [b1].nes
6. Penisian (Galaxian Hack).nes

Cleanup:
Removed dupe: 1493 The Year After (1943 Hack) v1 S. K. Dumbbus.nes [in main Hacks folder + Selections]

Hacks Wrong alphabetical order in pack/updated file names:
1. Bomberman Generation 2 whirlwind version.nes should come before Bomberman Luigi's Fall (USA) v1.0 Googie.nes
2. Captain America Stage Select (Land, Pause, Return to Select) v1.0 Farid.nes should come before Captain America The Winter Soldier (Power Blade 2 Hack) v1.1 pacsacndave.nes
3. Re-ordered Castlevania I, II and III Hacks [Hacks main folder & Selections]
4. Re-ordered Chip 'n Dale 1 + 2 Hacks
5. Re-ordered Contra Hacks and added 3 Hacks to the Contra sub-folder to have them all in one place.
6. Re-ordered Darkwing Duck Hacks
7. Changed file name: Dezaemon ENG + Save Patch (J) T+Eng v1.1 AGTP, SRAM v1 NES Artifacts.nes -> Dezaemon (J) [T+Eng v1.1_AGTP, SRAM v1_NES Artifacts].nes
8. Changed name of DuckTales Hacks (Duck Tales* -> DuckTales*)
9. Re-order Final Fantasy I, II & III Hacks
10. Pac-Man Remix by Lagomorph (Hack).nes should come before Pac-Man Xtreme (Ms. Pac-Man Hack) v1.0.nes
11. Moved 'Super C Hell' to match alphabetical order
12. Moved SMB3 Super Mario Bros. 3 Crowned Edition (Hack) v1.0.nes & SMB3 Super Mario Bros. 3 Extended Edition (Hack) vRev-A.nes to match alphabetical order
13. Changed file name Warioland II (J) T+ENG v1 pacnsacdave.nes -> Warioland II (J) [T+ENG v1_pacnsacdave].nes
14. Moved WWE Women's Revolution (Pro Wrestling Hack) (1.0).nes & WWE Wrestling (Pro Wrestling Hack) (2.0).nes up to where the other WWE games are in the pack
15. Changed file nameBionic Commando Uncensored (Retranslation) T+Eng v1.03 Stardust Crusaders.nes -> Bionic Commando Uncensored (Retranslation) [T+Eng v1.03_Stardust Crusaders].nes
16. Re-structured Bomberman Games in Hacks/Selections
17. Changed file name Dragon Ball - Shen Long no Nazo (J) T+Eng1.11 TransBRC MapperHack1.00 Ice Man.nes -> Dragon Ball - Shen Long no Nazo (J) [T+Eng v1.11_TransBRC MapperHack v1_Ice Man].nes
18. Changed file name Recca Pure Alt Title Screen (Summer Carnival '92 Hack, T+Eng) v1 Sliver X.nes -> Recca Pure Alt Title Screen (Summer Carnival '92 Hack) [T+Eng v1_Sliver X].nes

** 4 Translations/* **
Updated many file names. I made sure my (mindless :)) T-Eng -> T+Eng changes weren't included. (I hope/think I got them all.)

Remark:
There are some/many games with only one translation which have "T-Eng" in their file names. As we have learned, the latest patches should have 'T+Eng' in their file names. So, if there is only one translation hack, it should the latest [in this pack].
There are also some games which have more than one translation (some with unknown Author and/or version) which have multiple file names with 'T+Eng'. It's important to note that my update doesn't add more issues like this to the SMDB. It's definitely something to keep an eye on so the number of issues don't increase over time.
I haven't changed these yet and kept the flags from the previous pack version regardless.

** Issues to look at **

**Madoola no Tsubasa / Wing of Madoola Translation**

This Game is in Hacks and Hacks/* with the name "Wing of Madoola" and in Translations/* with name "Madoola no Tsubasa".
I suggest to delete the 2 instances in Hacks and Hacks/Selections

**'4 Translations/English A-K/Cosmic Wars*'**
Three files from same translation group but all three have different hash infos, one file is missing the version information, two files have the same version number but different hashes [I solved this by adding postfixes _1 and _2 until this is resolved].

Same issue with:
1. Dragon Ball Z - Kyoushuu! Saiya Jin (J) [T+Eng v1.1]_1 + _2
2. Ganbare Goemon 2 (J) [T+Eng_StardustCrusaders]_1 + _2
3. Kaijuu Monogatari (J) [T+Eng_KingMike]_1 + _2
4. Mahjong (J) [T+Eng v1_Psyklax]_1 + _2
5. Urusei Yatsura - Lum no Wedding Bell [T+Eng_Stardust Crusaders]_1 + _2

---
## [cristeigabriel/csgo-cheat-base](https://github.com/cristeigabriel/csgo-cheat-base)@[126a2f0b50...](https://github.com/cristeigabriel/csgo-cheat-base/commit/126a2f0b5042639941653fc0b4c2f46a385f7c8d)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 17:11:32 by gabrielvulk

General improvements

Standard changes, nitpicks, improved performance for polygons (they'd repeatedly get initialized, thus fuck up performance, now, instead of doing even a TextureValidID check [I've had issues with it in the past, might be a me-thing, but what I'm doing works), I'm checking if the texture_id is null, and if so, create & initialize it then set it's color [because repeatedly setting texture colors in Surface for something like this will indeed lag, best example is by testing with an image wrapper, IMO.] I also have improved variable handling, you do not need externs, [thus why I removed variables.cpp and only left inlined variables within the variables header.] and I have made the framework use constant strings ["nitpick" again, but it's still better than outright letting them reinitialize, it can be bad for performance, even if the difference relies in nanoseconds], and I have made the frame be initialized with a lambda that moves strings instead of copying them, so it's just as performant as the old method but more user friendly. I have also made various variables that were integers take only 32bit integers, just in case. I want to remind y'all that having 64 bit integers within the code will rely in 2 integers (like 32bit variables worked on 16bit machines). For the framework, something I didn't do because I didn't want the pull to be rejected for that reason, but I can do if required is use constructors for elements to avoid string copying and maybe even switch to a shared pointer method for OOP. For the engine prediction I made the cheat use the usercmd randseed instead of a MD5 one due to performance reasons and to get rid of a dependency.

---
## [thwaitesproject/thwaites](https://github.com/thwaitesproject/thwaites)@[dafb8f1454...](https://github.com/thwaitesproject/thwaites/commit/dafb8f1454b7885153bcb8170a95148e25548692)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 18:27:49 by Will Scott

Run closed structured ice shelf simulation with Kh=1e-3m^2/s for 1hr

Run a closed structured ice shelf simulation with Kh = 1e-3 m^2/s
and Kv = 1e^-4m^2/s with a timestep of 600 seconds. The melt param
also used gamma function of u fric based on the constants given
in Jenkins et al 2010.

On 8 cores this took a few minutes to run 1 hour of simulation.

The density solution seems stable. There is a very thin low density
diffusing out from the top boundary which is the fresh cold water
generated by melting. There are no cells/stripes forming in the
density fields which happened before the dg advection fixes.

The temperature and salinity fields do have
discontinuities between cells. This means the meltrate oscillates
rapidly along the ice shelf base. This is seen in Ben's FRISP results.

The velocity field also seems stable. The flow is clockwise with very
thin positive x component velocity along the ice shelf base. The y
velocities are also positive along the ice shelf base but they are
columns of alterning positive and negative velocity order 1e-6m/s.
Not sure if these will disappear as the simulation progresses.
The overturning cells don't seem to be the same as before the
dg advection fixes.

Prior to this I ran with Srestore 34.41 so that there was still a
0.01 PSU difference between the initial conditions and the forcing.
This still ran but in a closed box it shouldn't be needed because there
water can't flow in or out. The melting density structure was just superimposed
on the initial vertical density front seen in the no melting simulations.

-----------------------------------------------------------

I had also been running a longer version of the 5day simulation in
an open box that is forced by higher salinity values outside the domain.
I haven't looked at these yet but the simulation got to 17.5 days
before I accidentally crashed it by renaming the output folder.

Stephan found that the funny density stripes in the topright corner
of the no melting simulation is probably due to the slope limiters
preventing a baroclinic instability from forming. Need to talk with
Stephan to work out if this is a bad thing.

Matt emphasised that I need to compare early spinup with the spinup
of MITgcm. If you don't look at the first timesteps then possibly
you are missing important and sometimes weird results generated
by the model.

To do:

- Look at the long no melting simulation. Have the cells disappeared?
Has the density front reached the grounding line?

- Send Matt and Stephan the new melting simulation pictures

- Run melt simulation for longer to compare with MITgcm.

but....

I've realised there is a bit of a problem because the melt param
in MITgcm for the gamma(u*) is actually from the Holland and Jenkins 1999
paper which defines gammaT = u* / (Gamma_turb + Gamma_mole)

where the Gamma_turb also depends on u*.

I've tracked down where the maths in holland and jenkins 1999 appears
in MITgcm. The code is all in shelfice_thermodynamics and the constants
are mostly in shelfice_readparms, though some are calculated in
shelfice_thermodynamics. This is written in my notebook and will sort out
a more permanent notes tomorrow.

So for the comparison with MITgcm there are three options:

1) keep current our gamma(u* ) based on Jenkins et al 2010 and then change
line 0453 and 0455 in shelfice_thermodynamics to something like:
gammaT = GammaT u* where GammaT is the constant in Jenkins et al 2010.
Is this all I would have to do? This seems very risky.

2) write equations for holland and jenkins 1999 u* parameterisation so
that I can directly compare with the MITgcm friction velocity run which
presumably has been tested thoroughly... This should be less risky than tweaking
MITgcm but still could make mistakes.

3) run melt with constant gammaT and compare with constant gammaT MITgcm
since these are already set to the same values in both codes. This seems
like the least risky as I have already run MITgcm in this setting for the
high K=2m^2/s case.

- So this evening will set off constant gammaT run for 12 hours outputing
every timestep 600s.

- run constant gammaT for 300 days output every 12 hours. (hopefully it will
reach a steady state within about 100 days...) if tomorrow is running ok
maybe restart from a checkpoint and decrease output frequency.

- tomorrow run necessary mitgcm simulations. What should i do about
timestep? should i try MITgcm with a timestep of 600s... or leave
at 30s specified by Ben?

- tomorrow start thinking about writing the other code for fric melt param

- if all is going well add in coriolis

- turn off slope limiters and investigate baroclinic instability.
Do we also see this in the melt runs?

- work out what the averaging for u* and T,s fields is. pretty sure
they refer to horizontal averaging in the comments...

---
## [thwaitesproject/thwaites](https://github.com/thwaitesproject/thwaites)@[d8e6387c1e...](https://github.com/thwaitesproject/thwaites/commit/d8e6387c1e339fe02e975a592433c46f48cc09a2)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 18:27:49 by Will Scott

0.1PSU forcing with no density coupling or TD still blows up

Ran the structured ice shelf simulation again with no thermodynamics
 and no coupling with density, with the initial mom_source set to
the initial temperature and salinity fields. This meant the difference
in density between the inside and the outside of the domain was only
 due to 0.1 PSU difference.

The velocity  was slower by about a factor of 10 at the rhs compared with the
simulation where the mom_source was set to zero. This effectively set the initial
density using the ref T = 0deg C and ref S = 35 PSU which was a large density
difference cf with the open ocean restoring values of Tres 1.0deg C and
Sres 34.5PSU. The flow was back to clockwise as expected.

horizontal grid Re = U dx / nu = 5e-2 * 5e1 / 1e-2 = 250
vertical grid re = W dz / nu = 2e-2 * 5e-1 / 1e-2 = 1

horizontal cfl = U dt / dx = 5e-2 * 6e1 / 5e1 = 0.06
vertical cfl = W dt / dz = 2e-2 * 6e1 / 5e-1 = 2.4

So main problem is that horizontal grid Re is still about 100x too large.
and possibly vertical cfl is too large.

Possible fixes:
- reduce delPSU which should reduce velocities.
- increase horizontal resolution
- decrease time step (for vertical cfl)
- add strong bc for zero tangential velocity on rhs wall. This was introduced
maybe for the exact same reasons as I see here. ( I can't remember so
another reason to make better notes...)
- increase horizontal (and maybe also vertical) viscosity/diffusivity
- reduce the number of layers so that anisotropy decreases (also reduce
vertical cfl)

The dilemna is that I don't want to increase the visosity because
I am trying to match the MITgcm setup. As far as I can tell I have
run the same setup (including the closed domain) as MITgcm.

One difference is that our domain has twice as much resolution in the
vertical ( though when it gets down to the difference between triangles and squares maybe
it is ok...).

probably won't make a difference but maybe MITgcm will have problems when running
the current setup with the gamm ufric dependence turned off... I turned it back on in
firedrake and it still blowed up but don't think that guarantees MITgcm at this
resolution should just work! Nb the constant coefficients generated a lot more melting
than the ufric dependence which could lead to faster velocities initially.

Evidently though the firedrake simulation doesn't work for these
viscosities. Before increasing the viscosity it would be worth getting
a 'slow' restoring based simulation to work. This will determine if the
density coupling is problematic at low viscosities/diffusivities.

The main problem with this though is that I think you should expect
velocities that are about 5e-2 m/s based on Ben's FRISP results and
Ben's K-eps results. This means the grid reynolds number at dx =50 and nu = 1e-2
will always be about 250! running at finer dx resolution seems out of the
question so will the viscosities have to be larger? Are there other advection
diffusion tricks we can do? Or is this symptomatic of there being an error...

Having said this the initial velocity values from the failing runs yesterday
were much smaller. After 10 -60 timesteps the velocities were still only
1e-7m/s which is much smaller than the values ( 1e-2m/s ) Possibly this suggests
that the solution can't be blowing up initially because of high grid Re.  Also
technically the solution has not actually diverged but I have only run it for
600s - 3600s and the residual rises each time step so eventually I imagine it
will crash.

And another thing remember is that before on the layered mesh even at high
Ks there were still stripes in the vertical velocity component. They have not gone
away by increasing the grid resolution...

To do
- add strong bc back in. probably won't make too much difference but in
the ocean setting I think it is more realistic to have it than not.
- reduce del PSU to 0.01. Hopefully this will generate slower flow keeping
the grid reynolds number in check (below 5ish. ) Based on what happens here
determine if the density coupling is problematic at low K. i.e if density still has
stripes perhaps due to dodgy bc but velocity field doesnt have stripes then
the problem will be nailed!
- then ( though i may have to move on if i can't make velocities low enough using
del PSU) increase viscosity / diffusivity to get a working run with 0.1PSU.
The point of this is to have a 'working' (if inaccurate) z model as a benchmark
to compare with MITgcm . Actually Matt suggested to not mess about trying to get
firedrake to work when we don;t really know what the problem is. So probably move
straight over to MITgcm.
- then move over to MITgcm to start breaking it.

Breaking MITgcm thoughts
- run MITgcm with K=0.01 and constant gamma to make sure that it is actually stable!
- the next step has to be decreasing horizontal and vertical grid resolution till it
breaks. Particular pay attention to anisotropy.

---
## [dagster-io/dagster](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster)@[f5cce369a9...](https://github.com/dagster-io/dagster/commit/f5cce369a9b759bd3b26ec98c4df2e0aadbe7839)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 19:20:35 by Ben Gotow

[WIP] Initial support for clicking through to pipeline snapshots from Runs list

Summary:
{F119596}

A few thoughts about this:

It's a bit annoying to need to switch the root query in GraphQL to retrieve data from two different APIs. I abstracted the difference in queries away in the `PipelineExplorerRoot.tsx` file using two small helper components and I'm pretty pleased with that solution (the entire explorer just deals with an IPipelineSnapshot shape now), but we need to do it in a few more places and my current solution is fairly code-heavy.

The problem is that we need to swap out the top line of 3-4 queries like this (`pipeline(params: { name: $pipeline })`), but everything inside stays the same. If we'd written our own GraphQL layer I'd be tempted to just string-substitute the right query into the top line of the string and fire it off, but I don't think Apollo will let us do that. We can't IF / ELSE the query within a React component because the `useQuery` hooks aren't designed for the query to change, only the variables and hooks cannot be conditionally defined in components.

```

export const SIDEBAR_TABBED_CONTAINER_SOLID_QUERY = gql`
  query SidebarTabbedContainerSolidQuery(
    $pipeline: String!
    $handleID: String!
  ) {
    pipeline(params: { name: $pipeline }) {   << need to change only this line in several more queries for sidebar
      name
      solidHandle(handleID: $handleID) {
        solid {
          ...SidebarSolidInvocationFragment

          definition {
            __typename
            ...SidebarSolidDefinitionFragment
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
  ${SidebarSolidInvocation.fragments.SidebarSolidInvocationFragment}
  ${SidebarSolidDefinition.fragments.SidebarSolidDefinitionFragment}
`;

```

It seems like it'd be really nice if the current state WAS a snapshot with a named alias. So I could just say `snapshotID || "current"`, and always use the same query to retrieve the data.

Alternatively something like `pipeline(params: { name: String!, snapshotID: String! | null }) { }` would be nice too.

Test Plan: Updated snapshots but probably need to add a new one

Reviewers: schrockn

Reviewed By: schrockn

Differential Revision: https://dagster.phacility.com/D2613

---
## [pomo-mondreganto/ctforces_final](https://github.com/pomo-mondreganto/ctforces_final)@[9c0a1bc16d...](https://github.com/pomo-mondreganto/ctforces_final/commit/9c0a1bc16d454bf158a1dcdeeda5e14342ba61ba)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 19:27:08 by Ilya

I hate Django.

Really, there is no any reason to use this framework unless you want to fuck up everything and everyone around.
If you are going to start studying this framework, just STOP. It is up to you to use anything else but Django.
I hope hurting people is not your main goal as a programmer, so please consider using framework that you can take control of and make it create user friendly interface for people and not soulless machines.

Best regards,
Former user of Django Api.

---
## [Loco1911/Skin-Packs](https://github.com/Loco1911/Skin-Packs)@[8ff761f626...](https://github.com/Loco1911/Skin-Packs/commit/8ff761f626a5655cee0453958a88d9cb344b7fdf)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-28 23:36:42 by Renzo Sparta

Add 116 more Marvel skins

Added:
Carnage (Classic)
Carnage (Spider-Man Shattered Dimension)
Chamber (Jonothon Evan Starsmore)
Citizen V (Helmut)
Classic Iron Man (Model 6) (Hydro Armor)
Classic Iron Man (Model 7) (Stealth Armor) (Modern)
Classic Iron Man (Model 7) (Stealth Armor)
Classic Iron Man (Model 8) (Silver Centurion Armor)
Classic Iron Man (Model 9) (Neo-Classic Armor)
Classic Iron Man (Model 10) (Space Armor MK2)
Clone Hunter Spider-Man (Quick Change) (Classic) (Variant 2)
Clone Hunter Spider-Man (Quick Change) (Classic)
Cloud 9 (Abigail Boylen)
Colossis (X-men Days Of Future Past)
Colossus (Phoenix)
Colossus (Piotr)
Constrictor (Frank Payne)
Cosmic Spiderman (Peter Parker) (Earth 91110)
Crossbones (Classic)
Crossbones (First Appearance)
Crystal (Crystalia)
Cyber Scarlet Spider
Cyclops (Astonishing X-Men)
Cyclops (Marvel now!)
Cyclops (Scott Summers) (X-Men)
Cyclops (X-Men Apocalypse)
Daredevil (All-New, All-Different)
Daredevil (Matthew Murdock)
Daredevil (Yellow)
Dazzler (Alison Blaire)
Deadpool (Bizarro)
Deadpool (Wade Winston)
Deadpool (X-Force)
Deadpool (X-Men T-Shirt)
Deadpool (X-Men)
Deadpool With Infinity Gauntlet (Wade Winston)
Deadpool With Infinity Gauntlet (X-Men T-Shirt)
Doctor Spectrum (Nenet) (Earth 4290001)
Doctor Strange (Stephen Strange)
Doctor Voodoo (Jericho Drumm)
Domino (Neena Thurman)
Drax (Arthur Douglas)
Eddie Brook (MCU Venom)
Electro (Robot) (First Appearance) (Marvel Mystery 1940s)
Electro-Proof Spider-Man Suit (Classic)
Elektra
Elsa Bloodstone
Emma Frost (Alt 1)
Emma frost (Classic)
Falcon (Classic)
Falcon (Sam Wilson)
Fantastic Four Spider-Man Suit (Earth-200783)
FireStar (Angelica Jones)
Fixer (Norbert Ebersol)
Flipside (Classic) (Alt 1)
Flipside (Classic)
Flipside (Standart)
Gambit (Remy Etienne LeBeau) ( All-New, All-Different)
Gambit (Remy Etienne LeBeau)
Gamora (Classic)
Gamora (Guardians of the Galaxy)
Genis-Vell
Ghost Rider (90s)
Ghost Rider (Danny Ketch)
Ghost Rider (Johnathon Blaze)
Ghost Rider (Robbie Reyes)
Gladiator (Kallark)
Goblin (Peter Parker) (Earth-21205)
Gorr the God Butcher
Groot (Classic)
Groot (Guardians of the Galaxy)
Gwenpool (Gwen)
Hammerhead (Spider-Man Shattered Dimensions)
Havok (Alexander Summers)
Hawkeye (Civil War 2)
Hawkeye (Classic)
Hawkeye (Clint Barton) (All-New, All-Different)
Hawkeye (Clint Barton) (Avengers Age of Ultron)
Hawkeye (Kate Bishop)
Hawkeye (Marvel Now!)
Hawkeye (Max)
Hellcat (Patsy Walker)
Hellion (Julian Keller)
Hercules
Hornet (Peter Parker)
Howard The Duck
Hulk (Classic)
Iron Rescue (Pepper Pots) (Avengers Endgame)
Iron-Man (Mark 5) (Avengers Endgame)
Iron-Man (Mark 41) (Bones)
Iron-Man (Mark 50)
Loki (Ragnarok)
Ms. Marvel (Carol Danvers) (Alt 1)
Ms. Marvel (Carol Danvers)
Ms. Marvel (Classic)
Nova (Sam Alexander)
Quick Silver (Classic)
Red Guardian (Classic) (Alexi Shostakov)
Scarlet Spider (Kaine Parker)
Spider Gwen (Gwen Stacy)
Spider-Man (Fantastic Four Suit)
Spiderman (Peter Parker) (Spiderman Far From Home)
Spiderman 2099 (All-New, All-Different)
Spiderman 2099 (Miguel O'hara)
Star Lord (Peter Quill)
Superior Octopus (Otto Octavius)
Superior Spiderman (Otto Octavius) (Alt 1)
Superior Spiderman (Otto Octavius)
Symbiote Spiderman (Peter Parker)
Thanos (Avengers Infinity War)
Thor (Powered) (Thor Ragnarok)
Thor Fat (Avengers Endgame)
Wolverine (Astonishing X-Men)
Wonder Man (Classic)

---

# [<](2020-04-27.md) 2020-04-28 [>](2020-04-29.md)

