# [<](2020-05-17.md) 2020-05-18 [>](2020-05-19.md)

2,726,727 events, 1,329,515 push events, 2,135,367 commit messages, 149,530,212 characters


## [DMRobertson/DMRobertson.github.io](https://github.com/DMRobertson/DMRobertson.github.io)@[36d3ae7285...](https://github.com/DMRobertson/DMRobertson.github.io/commit/36d3ae728561ae71466ebcd12ee8fc3a775105ca)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 00:16:06 by David Robertson

Hack until template looks like the old site

This was fun. Rapid iteration times are amazing for motivation.

Adjust the font sizes to be larger. Maybe not to everyone's taste, but
I'm finding myself sitting further back from the screen as of late, and
reading them is more comfortable. Maybe I'm just older? Maybe I'll
change my mind next time and find it rediculously large. I think the
reason that it's comfortable is that it's clamping the line length. I
wonder why there's a sweet spot for line length? Probably don't want it
too long so that the eye can move vertically for context; something
along the lines of limited memory.

Not sure if Bootstrap 4 has moved on since I cobbled this together (it's
still using Bootstrap 3).

---
## [RE-SS3D/SS3D](https://github.com/RE-SS3D/SS3D)@[7945569336...](https://github.com/RE-SS3D/SS3D/commit/7945569336609507207da63f975e428d07b87112)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 01:38:44 by LightVelox

Changes character animations (#290)

* Changes character animations

Finally implements Probably Not's animations, also fixing all weird visual glitches on the player's body, especially the sholders

* gae

* Revert "gae"

This reverts commit df1075b88ea58bb0eddffa32944d2e3267c19294.

* Fixes some idiotic unity shit

---
## [dgp1130/bxpb](https://github.com/dgp1130/bxpb)@[e04c4836f6...](https://github.com/dgp1130/bxpb/commit/e04c4836f678d5fa0890de1ad7e2df9e2f43b080)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 03:55:17 by Doug Parker

Adds proto compilation and Rollup build.

Refs #1.

Switched the build pipeline to use Rollup to bundle TypeScript. This is necessary because Protobuf generated code can only use Closure or ComonJS, there is currently no ESM option. As a result I opted for CommonJS and the compilation must work with that format.

This example was intended to be the simplest, using only NPM scripts with no Webpack/Rollup/Grunt/Gulp/etc. However, `tsc` doesn't provide any means of actually using CommonJS without a bundler. As a result, I added Rollup to this example as I felt it was the "simplest", based on my totally subjective personal experience. I've had trouble with Webpack in the past for multiple output JavaScript files with disjoint dependencies, which is exactly the use case I'm trying to support with this library. I'm still using NPM scripts as the main driver for the build, only using Rollup for the TypeScript compilation and bundling.

After all this, I'm able to generate protobuf code and import it into the build. This uses `grpc-tools` which ships a version of `protoc` which is installable via NPM. Otherwise devs have to install `protoc` themselves, which I would much rather avoid. This generates the JavaScript files, but no TypeScript definitions unfortunately. I used `protoc-gen-ts` to generate typings, though it is really sad that I need a community tool just to use protobufs in TypeScript.

One side effect of using the gRPC tool is that it generates a `myprotofile_grpc_pb.d.ts` file, which contains definitions for gRPC and links to that runtime. This is useless for the purposes of this project but I could not find a way to prevent the file from being generated. Instead, I simply delete that file after generation, which is the best I can do.

`protoc` is more awkward to use than I had hoped, as it requires all input files to be explicitly named. I wanted to just say "Compile all protos under the proto/ directory", however there is no way to do this. Instead, I had to use a `find` command to list out all such files, though this does create more of a build dependency on Linux. None of this would work for Windows, though that isn't too much of a concern right now.

I also wanted generated protos to be available under `import * as foo_pb from 'protos/...'`. This requires a `paths` argument in the `tsconfig.json` file, which works fine with `tsc` but not with Rollup. There is probably a way to configure this to be compatible with Rollup, but I couldn't find any obvious documented solution in `@rollup/plugin-typescript`. Instead, attempting to be as simple as possible, I decided to just import from `../`. I think that is a bit of a code smell, but it's the most straightforward and obvious solution for any users who look at this example.

I also converted `background.js` to a simple script as it no longer needs to be a module.

---
## [miklo88/JavaScript-Essentials](https://github.com/miklo88/JavaScript-Essentials)@[2bc434ae4b...](https://github.com/miklo88/JavaScript-Essentials/commit/2bc434ae4bc2387720a810d403c443e71ddb6a14)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 04:19:46 by Carl Redding

dried up the code DRY 2020 and really really glad i did this course because my lightbulb of confidence is beamin like crazy meow. Looking forward to following Lawrence on social media and see what else he teaches. Between him and Brad Traversy you can't help to fall in love with JavaScript

---
## [Xoxeyos/Yogstation](https://github.com/Xoxeyos/Yogstation)@[4dbf28eec9...](https://github.com/Xoxeyos/Yogstation/commit/4dbf28eec9fa07545cdb2ea512f72f875ae66677)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 05:54:18 by Xoxeyos

ahem fuck you travis or whatever the hell your name is - recompile

---
## [tvandort/yummy-cubes](https://github.com/tvandort/yummy-cubes)@[8ee4893f65...](https://github.com/tvandort/yummy-cubes/commit/8ee4893f6579c9ebc7636ebd498650f73e749547)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 06:30:43 by Tom

Fix tests again.

So

Nextjs does some magic inserting of the react import. Nice right?

Problem is nothing else supports this. So you go around adding that
feature to the rest of your code so that everything is symmetrical.

Great. But turns out that not every parser thinks that it should report
type errors? Fucking why I don't know. I want type errors. That's why I
use typescript? So anyway, the only want to make the tests have type
errors again is to just ignore the magic react imports and y'know
just import react where it's used. That's cool but what a fucking waste
of time this has been. It shouldn't be this hard to have a project where
while I'm writing code is being type checked. It's really a completely
and utter fucking mystery to me that so many projects seem to be like
"lol types are just for the build server you don't get types it too slow". Like what? The computer doesn't care about types. The human does! Let me see the errors so that I can fix things thanks. "Just use your editor" jesus what? It's like refactoring tools that might touch mutliple files doesn't exist. You put these restraints in place so that things like misconfigured or slightly different editors aren't an issue for developers.

---
## [wokhansoft/WFN](https://github.com/wokhansoft/WFN)@[bef813a2c3...](https://github.com/wokhansoft/WFN/commit/bef813a2c379c276a3f3f9d6f492809a6d5ec350)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 06:51:25 by Jérôme Saliba

Fixed the settings issue  (#113)

* Fixed the settings issue (now also offering a portable mode), using .Net Core embedded conf management feature + WPF designer (best of both worlds).
Options descriptions will be improved in a later change (along with UI improvements).

* Small fix for NPE on defaultInstance when no settings.json file exists.

* Looks like it was too early to call previous commit a fix. That one is actually fixing the issue. Thanks baby girl for the awful night :-D

* Small fix for settings.json does not open

Co-authored-by: harrwiss <33778373+harrwiss@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [sopra-fs-20-group-15/client](https://github.com/sopra-fs-20-group-15/client)@[137e3d2d62...](https://github.com/sopra-fs-20-group-15/client/commit/137e3d2d62efe1333e798efdbbaaedaa35c6dfef)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 12:41:20 by MinhFu

FS20G15-137: GameGuard now does let you out of a Game

but you still need one to go in a Game tho!

I basically reverted all my stuff i did the past two days...
even though nobody liked you GameGuard i will remember you cuz i was the one who give birth to you and raised how you are now. maybe in heaven they will accept you for what you are... rest in peace my old friend, my brother, my son goodbye qwq

---
## [soprafs20-group09/frantic-client](https://github.com/soprafs20-group09/frantic-client)@[7fb08e4807...](https://github.com/soprafs20-group09/frantic-client/commit/7fb08e4807d9abb6bf432cf5c254eb5b789459ba)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 12:42:34 by Chester

Card Pickers: respect disabled cards (such as fuck-you)

---
## [marcusnort/ride-it-like-you-stole-it](https://github.com/marcusnort/ride-it-like-you-stole-it)@[997e4ea563...](https://github.com/marcusnort/ride-it-like-you-stole-it/commit/997e4ea563e40d26ef9be261de4ee23c3decae6e)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 13:08:01 by marcusnort

if you strive to bring joy to others you get it back 10 fold.

I can only keep my life by surrendering it for the one's I love .and that is the American soldier who volunteers
to defend our constitutional rights and freedom and liberty. What a better cause than help them "IF" they come home
how we forget it is them that makes us a country in the first place..

---
## [arnfred/Kind](https://github.com/arnfred/Kind)@[a80f1e07cd...](https://github.com/arnfred/Kind/commit/a80f1e07cdc33b3d201d3cd2093502466413b42c)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 13:16:06 by Jonas Arnfred

Added Type Application

Example:

```
type Option a -> None | a
type IntOption -> Option(Int)
```

The type function `Option` defines a function which given a parameter `a`
returns a domain. When the type function is called with e.g. `Int`, it returns
the domain (`None`, `Int`).

The code generation of application turned out to be much gnarlier than I
anticipated for two reasons:
 1. To properly implement application, I needed the ability to return errors
    from the `typegen` module which increased complexity and made the code harder
    to read. It also necessitated passing along a map of the top level definitions
    in order to check if an application was valid.
 2. The logic for applying a type turned out to uncover a lot of complications:
   a) The representation of the domain `{f, domainFun}` is different between my
      erlang code and the generated code. This is in-so-far to be expected, but since
      we're calling `domain:compact` on compiled domains, this mismatch between
      representations is causing issues. I've fixed it in a god-ugly hack of a
      function called `mapfun`.
   b) It's possible that a user might pass in a type function as a variable.
      Supporting higher order type functions is important for use cases like
      constraints on functors or monads.
   c) Should it be possible to call an implicit type generation like `S` in the
      following expression: `type T a -> S: {a: a} | a`? -- In the current code I'm
      returning an error when this happens, since I see limited use.
   d) Some types are recursive: `type List a -> Nil | Cons: {head: a, tail:
      List(a)}`. When I compute the domain of these types, I need to be able to
      unroll them without going in to an infinite loop. There's a few constructs in
      the code for tackling this problem, but nothing works yet, so I'm saving that
      for a separate commit.

Next steps:
 1. Add support for recursion
 2. Fix the issue that originally led me down this path, which is to due with a
    domain function being called with a stack as a second argument to track
    recursion, but wasn't compiled to support this calling pattern.

---
## [Kwandes/motorhome](https://github.com/Kwandes/motorhome)@[2f5a5c18a3...](https://github.com/Kwandes/motorhome/commit/2f5a5c18a3a04872b2f2f9d50bef5607f58a7496)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 13:19:51 by Teodor Jonasson

Started the frontend development.

logo, background and main salesman btn's in place.
NO FUNTIONALITY added.
had issues connecting to the stylesheet so for the time being the styles are within the html file.

not tested with localhost because of reacuring FUCKING issue with the packages or sm shit . btw i hate intelliJ. Hey we support css! But only if you have ultimate. fuck you. fall dead n die.

dont know if we use the thymeleaf to connect as well or what happened, but had issues with images being in the resource package so had to add them within the templates/home where the main html file was. sry, we fix later

---
## [andsild/qwde](https://github.com/andsild/qwde)@[5484116931...](https://github.com/andsild/qwde/commit/5484116931268cc0da2c1dac3dfd3c3a8baf535f)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 14:56:12 by Anders Sildnes

Another greeting card category consists of those persons who send out photographs of their families every year.  In the same mail that brought the greetings from Marcia and Philip, my friend found such a conversation piece. "My God, Lida is enormous!" she exclaimed.  I don't know why women want to record each year, for two or three hundred people to see, the ravages wrought upon them, their mates, and their progeny by the artillery of time, but between five and seven per cent of Christmas cards, at a rough estimate, are family groups, and even the most charitable recipient studies them for little signs of dissolution or derangement.  Nothing cheers a woman more, I am afraid, than the proof that another woman is letting herself go, or has lost control of her figure, or is clearly driving her husband crazy, or is obviously drinking more than is good for her, or still doesn't know what to wear. Middle-aged husbands in such photographs are often described as looking "young enough to be her son," but they don't always escape so easily, and a couple opening envelopes in the season of mercy and good will sometimes handle a male friend or acquaintance rather sharply.  "Good Lord!" the wife will say. "Frank looks like a sex-crazed shotgun slayer, doesn't he?"  "Not to me," the husband may reply.  "to me he looks more like a Wilkes-Barre dentist who is being sought by the police in connection with the disappearance of a choir singer." 		-- James Thurber, "Merry Christmas"

---
## [samboy/nexuiz-tiny](https://github.com/samboy/nexuiz-tiny)@[0899e2a2e9...](https://github.com/samboy/nexuiz-tiny/commit/0899e2a2e92dd1539c450b3d8bd3b8268e23014c)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 16:14:39 by Sam Trenholme

Size reduction: Reduce total number of sky boxes to three

Before we had six skyboxes, including one unused one:

stralenex5: Unused (now removed)
darkblue: BloodPrison (now removed; we use green nebula instead)
devpun (Devil Punch): Aerowalk (now removed; we use green nebula instead)
heaven: Graphite, Downer
ygrey: Toxic, Final Rage
greennebula: Soylent; now used by BloodPrison and Aerowalk

We now have only three sky boxes.  This saves us about three megabytes
in the 7-zip compressed form of the file, a significant savings.

Two more maps now use the deep space skybox used for Soylent: Blood
Prison and Aerowalk.

To pull this off, I have removed the relevant shaders and updated
stralenex8.shader to have the skyboxes defined in the .bsp files point
to the green nebula skybox instead.  This makes the stralenex8.shader
not compatible with "stock" Nexuiz 2.3, but the goal of this version
is size savings, and compatibility only matters for the shader used for
making the standalone .pk3 files for the Nexuiz port of Graphite.

In terms of how it changes the "feel" of the maps, the Aerowalk map
has a very different feel being in space at night instead of a rust-red
hot planet during the day.  This is more like the Quake2 version of
Aerowalk, which also placed the players in space at night, and it
works better with the music I use for Aerowalk in this tiny Nexuiz
variant.

The Blood Prison map, whose original skybox places us in a dark cloudy
yet moonlit night, is now placed in a very dark, very clear starlit
night on another planet, in another star system, with nearby stars
providing the blue "moonlight" seen on some of the walls.

---
## [Havoc-OS/android_vendor_havoc](https://github.com/Havoc-OS/android_vendor_havoc)@[5253877ba3...](https://github.com/Havoc-OS/android_vendor_havoc/commit/5253877ba31c99159eb76e546d1f15c6938a6d05)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 16:36:41 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6

---
## [PokeyMcFork/ResumeProject](https://github.com/PokeyMcFork/ResumeProject)@[a32c9a7b69...](https://github.com/PokeyMcFork/ResumeProject/commit/a32c9a7b6951b5af073a60a38cfc642ea631d026)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 18:33:30 by PokeyMcFork

holy shit google maps api sucks, i gotta find something better

---
## [nickrobison-usds/mobility-cpp](https://github.com/nickrobison-usds/mobility-cpp)@[c196631322...](https://github.com/nickrobison-usds/mobility-cpp/commit/c196631322c100a760f0a087f1953dcef806ffe5)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 18:56:30 by Nick Robison

Parallelize visit row generation

Horribly hacky method of generating all the visit rows on multiple threads.

This should avoid us having to hold two copies of everything in memory.

The lambdas are huge and clunky, so we should definitely look at refactoring.

---
## [Nighmared/L-Shape](https://github.com/Nighmared/L-Shape)@[338a40d0a9...](https://github.com/Nighmared/L-Shape/commit/338a40d0a9e78ebcf5b98b26cbc40844e9fdab08)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 20:11:07 by konrathj

Shit works, doc added

far more comments and documentation added to the code but most importantly
GIF GENERATION FUCKING WORKS HOLY

also code cleaned up a little bit, had a metric shitton of useless loops and dumb code in general,
still contains dumb code. but less

GIFS WORK!!!

---
## [ValheruGR/BFME2](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2)@[07f8deeb6b...](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2/commit/07f8deeb6b20c2863dc3dfd618b0388728d68d00)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 20:51:06 by ecthelion5109

Ok good haldir stuff here. The solution for his double nugget weapon being shit at lvl 1 and op at lvl 10 is to make Multiplicative damage gains. I suited gamedata and experience levels in case i ever want to do that, but i won't because i actually like this 1.06 design. It just kinda conflicts with the fact i reduced experience request for haldir in 1.09, so im gunna nerf it a little bit considering his golden arrow is decent vs any heroe now.

-Tested Elf heroes abilities vs trolls and mumas. Damage relationships (armorset/health stuff) is fine.
scalars for other heroes too.

Separated hero hp gains from dmg gains. In case i give up about hero double nugget lame.

---
## [bts1967/roll20-character-sheets](https://github.com/bts1967/roll20-character-sheets)@[85dbc5f8a8...](https://github.com/bts1967/roll20-character-sheets/commit/85dbc5f8a8e87bff53e43e2566be6397a0d8b13b)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 22:31:05 by bts1967

W&G Release 3.0

Implemented following changes for the revised edition of W&G.

01. Cosmetic: Replaced all references to BP and Buildpoints with XP and Experience Points respectively.
02. Cosmetic: Updated references to Soak to Determination. Note till vehicle and voidship rules are updated I have left them with Soak.
03. Cosmetic: References to Race changed to Species.
04. Cosmetic: References to Malignancy/ies changed to Mutation/s.
05. Cosmetic: relabled Defining Trait to Background Type, removed Keyword from the list and renamed Custom to Other.
06. Cosmetic: swapped Faction (previously Framework) with Species/Gender
07.	Cosmetic: added text in skills flagging those with optional use requirements.
08.	Cosmetic: added text to DMOD insturcting to add +1 for Brutal and Melta Short weapons.
09. Cosmetic: Moved Memoriable Injuries to Combat tab.
10. Cosmetic: Switched presentation of Current and Max for Shock and Wounds.
11. Cosmetic: Removed Hvy and Lght wounds; no longer in use.
12. Fix: Brutal Roll for non-api die roller on weapon damage.
13.	Fix: Total Corruption Adjusted value.
14. Update: Per revised rules, removed ranks 4 and 5 and updated rank label accordingly.
15. Update: removed defiance rolls - no longer used.
16. NEW: Added Faith to first tab.
17. NEW: Added Traumatic Injuries section next to memoriable injuries.
18. NEW: created script workers to manage Traumatic Injury count - when you add counter goes up; when you remove counter goes down.
19. NEW: Added a Melta dice roller for when using Melta vs structure and vehicles; too complex for adding to W&G dice roller at this point.
20. NEW: Automated replacement of wrath dice with traumatic injuries for Attributes, Traits, Skills, Weapons, and Psychic Powers.  This does not include vehicle and voidship rules till those rules are released.
21. NEW: On personal tab added fields for - Appearance, Age, Eyes, Hair, Height,Size, and Features.

---
## [bocoup/blocks-capacity-planner](https://github.com/bocoup/blocks-capacity-planner)@[83203f9559...](https://github.com/bocoup/blocks-capacity-planner/commit/83203f9559c88f6bef1c9cc7988dcf0e77c46ebe)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 22:40:45 by Rebecca Meritz

Rework build shifts to be meals

- Move from afternoon and evening to breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late
night shifts

---
## [sobotka/blender](https://github.com/sobotka/blender)@[497cd3d7dd...](https://github.com/sobotka/blender/commit/497cd3d7dd6e497be484eb78a8ddb23f53b20343)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 22:48:15 by Ray Molenkamp

Fix: T71040 / T58983 Ocean Modifier crashes at high resolutions

This is not as much a fix as a work around, but given the real
involves replacing how we build fftw, it is not eligible for 2.83
which is in BCON3 already.

The root of the issue lies with (how we build) fftw3

The first issue is: fftw does not build with MSVC, there are other
dependencies that are not compatible with MSVC and for those we
build the libraries required with mingw64, same for fftw

The second issue is: for reasons unknown we really really really
liked all deps to link statically so wherever possible we did so.

Now during the building of the fftw it linked a few symbols from
libgcc (which we do not ship) like __chkstk_ms, for which we passed
some flags to stop generating calls to it. Problem solved! There
is no way this could possibly turn around and bite us in the rear.

fast forward to today mystery crashes that look like a race condition.

What is happening is, we tell the linker that each thread will require
a 2-megabyte stack, now if every thread immediately allocated 2 megs,
that be 'rough' on the memory usage. So, what happens is (for all apps
not just blender), 2 megs are reserved but not backed by any real memory
and the first page is allocated for use by the stack, now as the stack
grows, it will eventually grow out of that first page, and end up in
an area that has not been allocated yet, to deal with that the allocated
page is followed by a guard page, someone touches the guard page it's
time to grow the stack!

Meanwhile in FFTW is it's doing substantial allocation using alloca
(up to 64 kb) on the stack, jumping over the guard page, and ending
up in reserved but not yet committed memory, causing an access violation.

Now if you think, that doesn't sound right! something should have
protected us from that! You are correct! That thing was __chkstk_ms
which we disabled.

Given we do not want a dependency on libgcc while building with MSVC
the proper solution is to build fftw as a shared library which will
statically link any bits and pieces it needs, however that change
is a little bit too big to be doing in BCON3.

So as a work around, we change the size the stack grows from 8k to
68k which gives fftw a little bit more wiggle room to keep it out
of trouble most of the time.

Note this only sidesteps the issue, this may come up again if the
conditions are just right, and a proper solution will need to be
implemented for 2.90.

---
## [x-00010/XsImmersiveMusic](https://github.com/x-00010/XsImmersiveMusic)@[d845f77db9...](https://github.com/x-00010/XsImmersiveMusic/commit/d845f77db972d90d94856ad5427dab0eb5107dad)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 23:16:36 by 52288074

goodnight girl, I'll see you tomorrow *fucking dies*

---
## [CohenLabPrinceton/Ventilator-Dev](https://github.com/CohenLabPrinceton/Ventilator-Dev)@[9464f9b67a...](https://github.com/CohenLabPrinceton/Ventilator-Dev/commit/9464f9b67a13bd578f7161498e5cb40ec2c501b7)
#### Monday 2020-05-18 23:17:33 by Jonny Saunders

Pulling the Alarms (#64)

OK this is thee alarm system.
might be easier to get an overview from the docs:
https://ventilator.readthedocs.io/en/gui/alarm.html

Overview (sorry this is all out of order i'm really really hungry and am racing to go eat):

    AlarmType - There a specific set of alarms that can be triggered, rather than any out-of-bounds value, so it's actually an alarm system.
    AlarmSeverity - Explicit enum allows alarm severity to be compared numerically
    Alarm_Rule s describe how an alarm behaves, including what triggers what severity of alarm. They consist of a tuple of (AlarmSeverity, Condition) tuples. They also define whether an alarm latches or not (persistent) alarms are not implemented
    Conditions have essentially one check method that takes SensorValues. They can be subclassed to add iteratively complex behavior (easier to just see for yourself i think), and can also be + added together to require multiple conditions to be true for a given alarm severity.
    Conditions can also declare dependencies like being some transformation (subtract, multiple, any callable) of a ControlSetting . eg 115% of PIP. (tests are not finished for this)
    An Alarm_Rule check s each of its conditions -- each 'multiple (added)' Condition terminates at its first False so they're not super wasteful -- and emits the highest severity alarm that is true
    The default Alarm_Rules are declared in /vent/alarm/__init__.py
    The Alarm_Manager handles all the logic of raising, suppressing, and storing alarms. There can only be one Alarm_Manager instance, so it is safe to use instantiation to get a reference to it. The alarm manager loads the default alarms on creation. The alarm manager accepts SensorValues in its update method, which then checks all of its rules.
    The Alarm_Manager is evented -- it doesn't poll, but can be updated with new SensorValues whenever needed. You are not supposed to poll the Alarm_Manager (like get_alarms) - instead you should add_callback and give it a callable that will be called with an Alarm anytime it is emitted.
    Alarms can be cleared - they won't be raised until the alarm state becomes OFF and back on again.
    Alarms can be snoozed - they wont' be raised until some time has passed
    Alarms can be latched - once an alarm is raised, it won't be turned off until its rule is OFF AND the user calls dismiss_alarm .
    Alarms that increase the AlarmSeverity are always emitted (unless they are snoozed or cleared). Alarms that decrease the AlarmSeverity are only emitted if the alarm is not latched.
    There is only one emit method, alarms are turned off by emitting an alarm with a severity of OFF.
    Alarms that are cleared are added to a list of logged_alarms but this needs to be integrated with whatever logging module @mschottdorf (i believe?) cooks up. Since the Alarm_Manager is evented, each Alarm object is self-descriptive, and turning alarms OFF is implemented using the same methods and objects (rather than by, say, deleting objects), logging should only need to be implemented in a single method that is added to the Alarm_Manager's callbacks.

Other stuff

    alarms added to the docs, i think most of it is ~75% documented
    all alarm tests in the coordinator and controller have been commented out, those will need to be rewritten but they shouldn't be radically different. This is also true of the control module and coordinator classes themselves -- the control_module now no longer needs to be involved with alarms, however, and the coordinator only needs to register a callback that will log alarms.
    AlarmSeverity enum has been renamed from GREEN, YELLOW, RED to OFF, LOW, MEDIUM, HIGH
    SensorValues now ensures that it is given a value for every item in values.SENSOR, and takes them as a dictionary rather than by unpacking **kwargs. as such no empty SensorValues objects can be instantiated
    SensorValues has __getitem__ and __setitem__ so sensor values can be accessed and set both as instance attributes but also like a dictionary (sensor['PRESSURE'])
    SensorValues now has an additional_values attribute that keeps track of the values that the controller generates and sends like timestamp, cycle counter, etc. there's certainly a better way of doing that but it works for now.
    SensorValues and the control_module have been updated to also track the current breath cycle (with itertools.count , otherwise just slipped into your existing code @mschottdorf ) -- this is useful for alarms that depend on, well, breath cycles. I'll need some help writing a test to make sure that number is actually accurate and i did it right
    also have added a few GUI tests, but since I'm about to rewrite the damn thing i figured i should wait on that.
    values now has all values in ValueName declared in VALUES. CONTROL and SENSOR are built from VALUE based on two new parameters, control and sensor.
    there's a real real janky mock of pigpio in vent/io/devices/base

~ TODO ~

    there is a skeletal alarm_manager that the gui still uses, i'll be replacing that with interactions with the real alarm manger, just ignore that for now.
    dependencies in conditions need to be tested
    gui needs to be brought to its final form

but otherwise ya what up

---

# [<](2020-05-17.md) 2020-05-18 [>](2020-05-19.md)

