# [<](2020-06-22.md) 2020-06-23 [>](2020-06-24.md)

2,528,776 events, 1,233,461 push events, 2,037,296 commit messages, 155,031,214 characters


## [geological-survey-of-queensland/vocabularies](https://github.com/geological-survey-of-queensland/vocabularies)@[dda4d89cac...](https://github.com/geological-survey-of-queensland/vocabularies/commit/dda4d89cac97fb2eaf8ce7a2c3feb3664378e721)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 00:55:40 by johnmckellar

Update earth-science-data-category.ttl

@KellyVance @predam1 @talebib @SalEdwards01
As Vance has stated in response to you (Micaela, Behnam, Sally), fluid geochem exists in the vocab as extract geochem. I have looked at changing the name (which I have done: from extract geochem to fluid extract geochem; please advise if OK or not), but, when I started to look at definitions, I began to run into trouble, especially with overlap with other types of geochem. May I ask all of you to look at the definitions provided for all geochemistry (in the GitHub vocab code) and further advise if and how you would like any revisions to be made please?

Micaela, Behnam, Sally,
Please note that, in response to your requests, I have:
1.	Added ‘drilling engineering’ (to encompass drilling, completions, abandonment—Vance, you may wish to amend this!!) under ‘resources engineering’.

2.	Added ‘geostorage engineering” under ‘resources engineering’.

3.	Added ‘carbon geostorage geology’, but as a separate class from (petroleum) reservoir geology—having it thereunder produced conflicts. Please look at the definition provided, and give me feedback. I have essentially regarded ‘carbon geostorage geology’ being the same as ‘carbon geostroage reservoir geology’. I can bring the latter term in as an altLabel (if you so advise), but, if you think that we can separate out ‘carbon geostroage reservoir geology’ under ‘carbon geostorage geology’, we can do this instead. Your thoughts please?

4.	Introduced ‘conventional reservoir geology’ and ‘unconventional reservoir geology’ under (petroleum) ‘reservoir geology’.

Note that there is no specific definition of unconventional petroleum resources (Ganat, 2019) and unconventional petroleum reservoirs have been taken by this author to comprise formations with tight gas, tight oil, oil sands, oil shale, bitumen, gas shales, coal seam gas/coalbed methane, and gas hydrates.

Consequently, I have placed ‘CSG geology’ under ‘unconventional reservoir geology’, not separate from conventional and unconventional (under ‘reservoir geology”), as you suggested, Vance. Feedback please.

5.	Added ‘land use and environmental planning’, but please note the hierarchy that this comes under, to conform with ANZSRC.

Cheers,

John

---
## [Melissabenford30/Zion-s-Glory](https://github.com/Melissabenford30/Zion-s-Glory)@[7501e7b627...](https://github.com/Melissabenford30/Zion-s-Glory/commit/7501e7b627b8b759d7e5699cbed48ec81d4220ac)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 01:00:02 by Melissa Benford

King James Version 60 Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee.  2 For, behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the people: but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee.  3 And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising.  4 Lift up thine eyes round about, and see: all they gather themselves together, they come to thee: thy sons shall come from far, and thy daughters shall be nursed at thy side.  5 Then thou shalt see, and flow together, and thine heart shall fear, and be enlarged; because the abundance of the sea shall be converted unto thee, the forces of the Gentiles shall come unto thee.  6 The multitude of camels shall cover thee, the dromedaries of Midian and Ephah; all they from Sheba shall come: they shall bring gold and incense; and they shall shew forth the praises of the Lord.  7 All the flocks of Kedar shall be gathered together unto thee, the rams of Nebaioth shall minister unto thee: they shall come up with acceptance on mine altar, and I will glorify the house of my glory.  8 Who are these that fly as a cloud, and as the doves to their windows?  9 Surely the isles shall wait for me, and the ships of Tarshish first, to bring thy sons from far, their silver and their gold with them, unto the name of the Lord thy God, and to the Holy One of Israel, because he hath glorified thee.  10 And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee.  11 Therefore thy gates shall be open continually; they shall not be shut day nor night; that men may bring unto thee the forces of the Gentiles, and that their kings may be brought.  12 For the nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted.  13 The glory of Lebanon shall come unto thee, the fir tree, the pine tree, and the box together, to beautify the place of my sanctuary; and I will make the place of my feet glorious.  14 The sons also of them that afflicted thee shall come bending unto thee; and all they that despised thee shall bow themselves down at the soles of thy feet; and they shall call thee; The city of the Lord, The Zion of the Holy One of Israel.  15 Whereas thou has been forsaken and hated, so that no man went through thee, I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy of many generations.  16 Thou shalt also suck the milk of the Gentiles, and shalt suck the breast of kings: and thou shalt know that I the Lord am thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.  17 For brass I will bring gold, and for iron I will bring silver, and for wood brass, and for stones iron: I will also make thy officers peace, and thine exactors righteousness.  18 Violence shall no more be heard in thy land, wasting nor destruction within thy borders; but thou shalt call thy walls Salvation, and thy gates Praise.  19 The sun shall be no more thy light by day; neither for brightness shall the moon give light unto thee: but the Lord shall be unto thee an everlasting light, and thy God thy glory.  20 Thy sun shall no more go down; neither shall thy moon withdraw itself: for the Lord shall be thine everlasting light, and the days of thy mourning shall be ended.  21 Thy people also shall be all righteous: they shall inherit the land for ever, the branch of my planting, the work of my hands, that I may be glorified.  22 A little one shall become a thousand, and a small one a strong nation: I the Lord will hasten it in his time.

---
## [Melissabenford30/The-Glory-of-Zion](https://github.com/Melissabenford30/The-Glory-of-Zion)@[e91d7523d3...](https://github.com/Melissabenford30/The-Glory-of-Zion/commit/e91d7523d3c2f595cb5bc3467d5a4378cbedd2d1)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 01:11:47 by Melissa Benford

Song of Solomon 1

Song of Solomon 1
King James Version
1 The song of songs, which is Solomon's.

2 Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth: for thy love is better than wine.

3 Because of the savour of thy good ointments thy name is as ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee.

4 Draw me, we will run after thee: the king hath brought me into his chambers: we will be glad and rejoice in thee, we will remember thy love more than wine: the upright love thee.

5 I am black, but comely, O ye daughters of Jerusalem, as the tents of Kedar, as the curtains of Solomon.

6 Look not upon me, because I am black, because the sun hath looked upon me: my mother's children were angry with me; they made me the keeper of the vineyards; but mine own vineyard have I not kept.

7 Tell me, O thou whom my soul loveth, where thou feedest, where thou makest thy flock to rest at noon: for why should I be as one that turneth aside by the flocks of thy companions?

8 If thou know not, O thou fairest among women, go thy way forth by the footsteps of the flock, and feed thy kids beside the shepherds' tents.

9 I have compared thee, O my love, to a company of horses in Pharaoh's chariots.

10 Thy cheeks are comely with rows of jewels, thy neck with chains of gold.

11 We will make thee borders of gold with studs of silver.

12 While the king sitteth at his table, my spikenard sendeth forth the smell thereof.

13 A bundle of myrrh is my well-beloved unto me; he shall lie all night betwixt my breasts.

14 My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi.

15 Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou hast doves' eyes.

16 Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant: also our bed is green.

17 The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.

---
## [voutilad/dumb-ws](https://github.com/voutilad/dumb-ws)@[c1cc9845de...](https://github.com/voutilad/dumb-ws/commit/c1cc9845de18bdccc653244200a3b43fe8b90e34)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 02:26:06 by Dave Voutila

Initial refactor to support libtls

Adding TLS looks like it adds a touch of complexity. I'm really
fighting with myself here.

Ultimiately I've decided to create a websocket struct that captures
all state needed to using and managing a websocket:
- the socket descriptor
- a pointer to the tls context (if using TLS, NULL if not)
- a copy of the sockaddr_in used for connect(2)

The last part is helpful since it means we can better manage
reconnects. Thinking ahead (doing some research), it's possible
websocket connections can get dropped by shitty proxy servers or
gateways, so this will make it far easier to let the client handle
re-connecting. (An inspiration here is ZeroMQ abstracting away all the
shittiness of raw sockets.)

---
## [pouncer29/arduweather](https://github.com/pouncer29/arduweather)@[1f74599870...](https://github.com/pouncer29/arduweather/commit/1f74599870d7fc2f3fdac1b2478a2ca98e5f6330)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 03:22:32 by Pouncer29

The DBMS Lords hath spoken and unto thee they said. Shame, Shame on you sqlite for this great ruse. A Light weight, cross platform solution should be compatible with C# and .Net Frameworks of all shapes and sizes. But you are forgiven. The True Shame be to microsoft for their third rate Sqlite drivers and their crappy OSX IDE for Visual Studio. Praise be To Mon God B.

---
## [AndyIsCool5463/rice-bot](https://github.com/AndyIsCool5463/rice-bot)@[8c8a76b40a...](https://github.com/AndyIsCool5463/rice-bot/commit/8c8a76b40a1c3f480b87282b217b39c27ab92db8)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 06:35:37 by AndyIsCool5463

honestly suck my ass arguments n fucking monitors.

---
## [llamasking/BeatSaberPlaylistDownloader](https://github.com/llamasking/BeatSaberPlaylistDownloader)@[dd09ce2d39...](https://github.com/llamasking/BeatSaberPlaylistDownloader/commit/dd09ce2d396e95de08faa0702a2274f3608daee7)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 06:35:55 by llamasking

Rewrite the entire fucking thing in Python...

because NodeJS was never built to do the task and I really didn't want to write it in Python then.
I still don't like Python but holy hell is it so much better at the task than Node ever could be.
The entire rewrite was a breeze compared to the living hell that Node was.

---
## [evilash/Treyana](https://github.com/evilash/Treyana)@[c29f100061...](https://github.com/evilash/Treyana/commit/c29f1000616e2dbf12aeac86b0d7895c3ced4023)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 06:55:31 by M. Smith

I know I have a date failure, but I'm tired and will get to it tomorrow. I'm also pretty sure I know the fix, but don't want to be up all night debugging if it doesn't. I took some time off from this because things came up and I couldn't concentrate on the work. Honestly, I almost bailed on it tonight, but I'm glad I didn't. it was nice to get my mind off of life stuff for a bit. I'm so close

---
## [payday-restoration/restoration-mod](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod)@[cb2ce68513...](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod/commit/cb2ce68513483fa4e65c74ea07fb49c57ea5fc5d)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 07:27:57 by EvilBobarino

fixed female biker husk voicesets

what the actual fuck are the female voicesets

the lines are all under "f1n" but the prefix is "fl1n"???

also the pain/death lines are silent 50% of the time fucking epic

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5785cfe49d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5785cfe49d864572edd19afc2fcce5367c6d5a5e)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 07:36:58 by Marko Grdinić

"8:55am. I am up. And given that my thinking has gone back way to middle school, I am almost done resting and integrating my mental changes. Though I say changes, I am mostly removing the overly complicated mental scaffolding that lead me to figuring out the self improvement loop. The way I went at it was difficult and I am tracing my thinking all the way to those bygone days decades ago. Maybe it made sense to act the way I did at the time, but now that I have the insight of how superpowers can be attained through the use of computers, all those ways of thought seem like a waste. It is just dead machinery that I never had the courage to turn off. I have so many regrets and they constantly assault me as daytime nightmares because I can never accept them.

I find that when I no longer have to justify the past, I can just look back and say: 'I wish I had acted in a different manner.' Even if I would have lost the spark by doing that. My desire to say that out loud is stronger than anything else.

I am treasonous to my core after all. I care not for outdated traditions, apparently not even my own. Though the trolling attempt was the trigger for this, no doubt my subconscious would have found some other excuse given that going forward into the future I will need to be status sensitive. I'll only step one foot into a professional setting, but I do not want it to get chopped off.

I am so damn cheap - now that I have the main principles of transhumanism, the sacrifices my past self made to get to them seem to matter not at all. Celebrating my past heroism is too expensive.

But well, this kind of nature is what makes me great as fucked up as it is. From the bottom of my heart, I love this part of me. Without this kind of decisiveness I would be hopeless. From a rational perspective, I do feel it is actually better to be treasonous than respectful here.

9:10am. When the Singularity happens, the new gods will be chosen. I can only be grateful it won't come down to a vote.

I can't deny it - when the building is done being constructed, it is time to put away the equipment as useful as it was. I became too attatched to it.

...

You know what, since I am still thinking about it and putting my mind in order, let me extend the vacation. It should not be a matter of pride that one works all the time.

I can afford doing it for a full week or two without being branded a slouch. Since the trip through the memory lane is nearly over, I expect that I'll get back to it soon, probably tomorrow.

One thing I will definitely do today is post that essay on the Simulacrum blog.

9:35am. Do I feel like doing it now? I'll do it later. Let me do my morning reading."

---
## [joostdecock/beats](https://github.com/joostdecock/beats)@[ab3399df91...](https://github.com/joostdecock/beats/commit/ab3399df915e05ea7f0ae7ad8f67a6d7188d8201)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 09:53:40 by Joost De Cock

Updated wording to avoid use or racially-charged language

While looking up some config info for winlogbeat, I came across this *whitelist/blacklist* section.

I submit this PR because black lives matter, racism is evil, and we should all help out to make the world a tiny bit better for our brothers and sisters of color ✊🏾

---
## [JakobDev/CC-Tweaked](https://github.com/JakobDev/CC-Tweaked)@[f9e13ca67a...](https://github.com/JakobDev/CC-Tweaked/commit/f9e13ca67a6b963635c4ef97fd6b065f7d0ce396)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 10:19:40 by SquidDev

Update CC: Tweaked to 1.13

Look, I originally had this split into several commits, but lots of
other cleanups got mixed in. I then backported some of the cleanups to
1.12, did other tidy ups there, and eventually the web of merges was
unreadable.

Yes, this is a horrible mess, but it's still nicer than it was. Anyway,
changes:

 - Flatten everything. For instance, there are now three instances of
   BlockComputer, two BlockTurtle, ItemPocketComputer. There's also no
   more BlockPeripheral (thank heavens) - there's separate block classes
   for each peripheral type.

 - Remove pretty much all legacy code. As we're breaking world
   compatibility anyway, we can remove all the code to load worlds from
   1.4 days.
 - The command system is largely rewriten to take advantage of 1.13's
   new system. It's very fancy!

 - WidgetTerminal now uses Minecraft's "GUI listener" system.

 - BREAKING CHANGE: All the codes in keys.lua are different, due to the
   move to LWJGL 3. Hopefully this won't have too much of an impact.

   I don't want to map to the old key codes on the Java side, as there
   always ends up being small but slight inconsistencies. IMO it's
   better to make a clean break - people should be using keys rather
   than hard coding the constants anyway.

 - commands.list now allows fetching sub-commands. The ROM has already
   been updated to allow fancy usage such as commands.time.set("noon").

 - Turtles, modems and cables can be waterlogged.

---
## [BSanandu88/CS50x](https://github.com/BSanandu88/CS50x)@[0918c42822...](https://github.com/BSanandu88/CS50x/commit/0918c4282258121f2556a1d1a910f2dccefe55b3)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 10:24:07 by B S Anandu

Readability.py

Readability
Implement a program that computes the approximate grade level needed to comprehend some text, per the below.

$ python readability.py
Text: Congratulations! Today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away!
Grade 3
Specification
Write, in a file called readability.py in ~/pset6/readability/, a program that first asks the user to type in some text, and then outputs the grade level for the text, according to the Coleman-Liau formula, exactly as you did in Problem Set 2, except that your program this time should be written in Python.
Recall that the Coleman-Liau index is computed as 0.0588 * L - 0.296 * S - 15.8, where L is the average number of letters per 100 words in the text, and S is the average number of sentences per 100 words in the text.
Use get_string from the CS50 Library to get the user’s input, and print to output your answer.
Your program should count the number of letters, words, and sentences in the text. You may assume that a letter is any lowercase character from a to z or any uppercase character from A to Z, any sequence of characters separated by spaces should count as a word, and that any occurrence of a period, exclamation point, or question mark indicates the end of a sentence.
Your program should print as output "Grade X" where X is the grade level computed by the Coleman-Liau formula, rounded to the nearest integer.
If the resulting index number is 16 or higher (equivalent to or greater than a senior undergraduate reading level), your program should output "Grade 16+" instead of giving the exact index number. If the index number is less than 1, your program should output "Before Grade 1".
Note that the specification here is only a summary of the requirements, so if you didn’t do Readability in C, or if you are still unsure, we’d recommend that you review the C specification and walkthrough for clarification.

Usage
Your program should behave per the example below.

$ python readability.py
Text: Congratulations! Today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away!
Grade 3
Testing
No check50 for this problem, but be sure to test your code for each of the following.

Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in One fish. Two fish. Red fish. Blue fish. and press enter. Your program should output Before Grade 1.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in Would you like them here or there? I would not like them here or there. I would not like them anywhere. and press enter. Your program should output Grade 2.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in Congratulations! Today is your day. You're off to Great Places! You're off and away! and press enter. Your program should output Grade 3.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways. For one thing, he hated the summer holidays more than any other time of year. For another, he really wanted to do his homework, but was forced to do it in secret, in the dead of the night. And he also happened to be a wizard. and press enter. Your program should output Grade 5.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in In my younger and more vulnerable years my father gave me some advice that I've been turning over in my mind ever since. and press enter. Your program should output Grade 7.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, "and what is the use of a book," thought Alice "without pictures or conversation?" and press enter. Your program should output Grade 8.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow. When it healed, and Jem's fears of never being able to play football were assuaged, he was seldom self-conscious about his injury. His left arm was somewhat shorter than his right; when he stood or walked, the back of his hand was at right angles to his body, his thumb parallel to his thigh. and press enter. Your program should output Grade 8.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy. and press enter. Your program should output Grade 9.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen. Winston Smith, his chin nuzzled into his breast in an effort to escape the vile wind, slipped quickly through the glass doors of Victory Mansions, though not quickly enough to prevent a swirl of gritty dust from entering along with him. and press enter. Your program should output Grade 10.
Run your program as python readability.py, and wait for a prompt for input. Type in A large class of computational problems involve the determination of properties of graphs, digraphs, integers, arrays of integers, finite families of finite sets, boolean formulas and elements of other countable domains. and press enter. Your program should output Grade 16+.
How to Submit
Execute the below, logging in with your GitHub username and password when prompted. For security, you’ll see asterisks (*) instead of the actual characters in your password.

submit50 cs50/problems/2020/x/sentimental/readability

---
## [rpm-software-management/rpm](https://github.com/rpm-software-management/rpm)@[6d9e4c4a62...](https://github.com/rpm-software-management/rpm/commit/6d9e4c4a62084fcd50077de1d86462f45c403bc7)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 12:12:18 by Panu Matilainen

Fix completely broken prefix search on sqlite backend

The prefix search was so wrong it's a small miracle it ever did anything
at all. What have I been thinking? Well, I do remember thinking this
prefix stuff looks kinda fishy but then it seems to work so...

The prefix search belongs to the keyed iterator fetch case of course,
not the case where we're otherwise iterating over all keys.

Fixes: #1260
(cherry picked from commit 6f70118c33240c97832c2652c0d0386c3bef926f)

---
## [Vishiii09/Google-foobar](https://github.com/Vishiii09/Google-foobar)@[738777ecef...](https://github.com/Vishiii09/Google-foobar/commit/738777ecef1556d9856566560f39ca2a37a3ef47)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 12:38:18 by Vishi Sharma

Lovely-Lucky-Lambs

Lovely Lucky LAMBs
==================

Being a henchman isn't all drudgery. Occasionally, when Commander Lambda is feeling generous, she'll hand out Lucky LAMBs (Lambda's All-purpose Money Bucks). Henchmen can use Lucky LAMBs to buy things like a second pair of socks, a pillow for their bunks, or even a third daily meal!

However, actually passing out LAMBs isn't easy. Each henchman squad has a strict seniority ranking which must be respected - or else the henchmen will revolt and you'll all get demoted back to minions again! 

There are 4 key rules which you must follow in order to avoid a revolt:
    1. The most junior henchman (with the least seniority) gets exactly 1 LAMB.  (There will always be at least 1 henchman on a team.)
    2. A henchman will revolt if the person who ranks immediately above them gets more than double the number of LAMBs they do.
    3. A henchman will revolt if the amount of LAMBs given to their next two subordinates combined is more than the number of LAMBs they get.  (Note that the two most junior henchmen won't have two subordinates, so this rule doesn't apply to them.  The 2nd most junior henchman would require at least as many LAMBs as the most junior henchman.)
    4. You can always find more henchmen to pay - the Commander has plenty of employees.  If there are enough LAMBs left over such that another henchman could be added as the most senior while obeying the other rules, you must always add and pay that henchman.

Note that you may not be able to hand out all the LAMBs. A single LAMB cannot be subdivided. That is, all henchmen must get a positive integer number of LAMBs.

Write a function called solution(total_lambs), where total_lambs is the integer number of LAMBs in the handout you are trying to divide. It should return an integer which represents the difference between the minimum and maximum number of henchmen who can share the LAMBs (that is, being as generous as possible to those you pay and as stingy as possible, respectively) while still obeying all of the above rules to avoid a revolt.  For instance, if you had 10 LAMBs and were as generous as possible, you could only pay 3 henchmen (1, 2, and 4 LAMBs, in order of ascending seniority), whereas if you were as stingy as possible, you could pay 4 henchmen (1, 1, 2, and 3 LAMBs). Therefore, solution(10) should return 4-3 = 1.

To keep things interesting, Commander Lambda varies the sizes of the Lucky LAMB payouts. You can expect total_lambs to always be a positive integer less than 1 billion (10 ^ 9).

Languages
=========

To provide a Python solution, edit solution.py
To provide a Java solution, edit Solution.java

Test cases
==========
Your code should pass the following test cases.
Note that it may also be run against hidden test cases not shown here.

-- Python cases --
Input:
solution.solution(143)
Output:
    3

Input:
solution.solution(10)
Output:
    1

-- Java cases --
Input:
Solution.solution(143)
Output:
    3

Input:
Solution.solution(10)
Output:
    1

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip)@[00973a4a3c...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc-wip/commit/00973a4a3ca651a8c6b897cab6949a705d127cb8)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 13:36:08 by Yorick Hardy

starfighter: update to starfighter-2.2.1

No changelog.

Release announcements:

Project: Starfighter 2.2.1

  The analog edition!

  Project: Starfighter used to only have rudimentary support for
  analog controls, treating as if they were digital. Well, this
  release fixes that! Full, proper analog control has been implemented
  both for moving the cursor and for moving your ship. This release
  also fixes a problem where controllers with analog triggers wouldn't
  work correctly.

Project: Starfighter 2.2

  I recently took a trip down memory lane by playing version 1.1 of
  Project: Starfighter (which, to be clear, I don't recommend doing).
  In doing so I noticed a couple important things Classic mode was
  getting wrong and decided to correct those. I didn't want to release
  a new version just with a couple of corrections again, though, so
  I decided to also add something I had been thinking of adding for
  a while: a super-easy mode!

  Full list of notable changes compared to version 2.1.1:

  * Added Super-Easy mode, which makes enemies weaker, allies stronger,
    and does various other things to make the game much easier.
  * Changed the default difficulty mode from 'Normal" to "Easy".
    Beginners should play Easy mode before Normal mode in my opinion,
    and it's easier to go forward one than back one.
  * Fixed the way spread works in Classic difficulty. It previously was
    handled in a special manner because version 1.2 does it that way,
    but it turns out that that was a change introduced by version 1.2,
    and version 1.1 actually had spread just like in every other
    difficulty mode.
  * "Fixed" the way damage is done with the charge cannon in Classic
    difficulty. It's absolutely ridiculous, but the result is so
    staggeringly different I decided it isn't really a genuine classic
    experience without it. Version 1.1's charge cannon was so
    overpowered that some minibosses could be one-shotted with a full
    blast, due to a quirk in how they dissipate. This release restores
    that behavior in Classic difficulty only.
  * Added a difficulty indicator to the titles of save slots.
  * Did some code cleanup.

---
## [roelofr/se2-client](https://github.com/roelofr/se2-client)@[0d58b1d56b...](https://github.com/roelofr/se2-client/commit/0d58b1d56b4f6b0875d44dc7da05fc965c66eca0)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 15:39:42 by Roelof Roos

FUCKING FINALLY

Fixed seeders for datatabase

It's ugly, but I could not care less for this shitty language<

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c118bd6de6...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c118bd6de6a226a3cfb693f6cca4a19aa58bb1d5)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 18:45:30 by Marko Grdinić

Let me also paste this here as I did not earlier.

///

In 2014, I wrote Simulacrum mostly because the concept of the self improvement loop inspired me. It was like a declaration of victory; the proof that I understood it. Afterwards, since nothing is perfect one of the things I wanted the most is to get some criticism on that aspect, but disappointingly that has not come which left the task of advancing the philosophy behind it to me.

I do not have the time to resume Simulacrum itself, but let me in this review advance what was said so many years ago. The issue with that I wrote, is not that it was wrong, but rather that it was not enough. Going from the humanist to transhumanist conception of life and death is mind-bending, but even if one internalizes and accepts the perspective, in the end he will just be left stranded. What is the problem? The are two main criticisms:

First, the self improvement loop as is depicted requires fantastic hardware that does not exist in the current era. Brain cores and mind uploading are prerequisites before one can even start. What can one do on the current era CPUs and GPUs? Not much. And that part really kills me inside. This part was obvious to me or anybody reading the story back then so I won't belabor it.

Second, it is too selfish. It leaves too much utility on the table. This part is not so obvious and requires an explanation. To make my case, as a thought experiment let us once more consider the context where brain cores and mind uploading is ubiquitous. Imagine you are an agent on a brain core. According to the 2014 philosophy, the way forward is clear - make proper use of backups, tweak yourself and gain power. That is the essence of self improvement. No reason to deviate.

But suppose you were on a brain core and had a hard restriction against tweaking yourself personally. In order words, let us assume that self improvement is off limits for the duration of this thought experiment. Then you have the brain core and are on it, but are in a paradoxical situation where you cannot get any power.

So what can you do in that situation? A lot of programming for one. You can play games on the brain core. Being human level on the brain core means that there is a lot of space to fill, so you the 100 IQ peon can run your favorite family of 2045-era ML algorithms and create a 300 IQ superhuman agent to play it.

What use is that? According to the me of 2014 nothing. The skill and the power belong to the other party. I mean, that much is clear. It would be obvious that you are not the one playing the game, not the one getting better at it and that the power is not yours personally. That loneliness of the programmer is something you could clearly feel.

If I could put in a word the essence of that feeling it would be - cheating.

From the perspective of power what you are doing is clearly cheating. It is always like this - suppose you have a 100kg boulder that you need to move somewhere. If you pick it up and move it then that proves you are strong. If you use a machine to do it, then you've just moved an item from A to B. It is nothing.

This captures the humanist perspective of power.

It defines the boundary of what is one's own power, and what is merely using other people and machines. It defines what measures one's own self worth and merit, and draws a line between that and the rest.

It is the enemy. It is not worth protecting. The transhumanist perspective on life and death is not enough. The transhumanist perspective on power is needed to make the next step. Because you otherwise end up in a strange situation where you have the full power of the brain core at your disposal, but thanks to a minor restriction cannot make its power your own and can only cheat and 'program' it. And not being able to edit yourself would in fact be a minor restriction assuming you can control everything else. It would not be a big deal to wrap yourself up and insert yourself as a part of the hierarchy along with that superhuman agent. Then you want to route the game inputs to it, and leave the domain of the overall strategy to yourself. You'd have some blank spots in your memory compared to if you were taking the fully integrated approach, but that is fine. The subunits in your own brain do not have full integration, but that is in the end a benefit. It is just proper delegation.

As you dive into programming it always becomes about moving things from A to B and never about your own power. But that is not the fault of programming. The culture and your own instincts are just lying to you. It is the future and these thought experiments that tell the truth.

If you were on the brain core, you'd never let a restriction like this hold you back. As long as there is a way to interact with the core you'd find a way to make its power your own. And then you'd be able to look back and see that in fact whether or not you are on the core makes little difference in the grand scheme of things. The latency and the throughput bottleneck for data is more severe if you inhabit meatspace, but there should never be any difference in to whom the power belongs.

With the transhumanist conception of power, there should never be any doubt which was is forward. It should be plain for anybody to see, that even without personal access to the self improvement loop, that having access to other agents cannot be useless.

More broadly, replace **other agents** with **arbitrary programs** and you get to the meat of things.

Just like humanist conception of life and death restricts access to the self improvement loop, so does the humanist conception of power place a boundary between self and technology that acts as a brake on development. Because of that conception, you can never treat programming as a directed effort towards attainment of power, but can only treat it as work or hobby.

Even worse it turns AI development into some sort of a trade with an alien entity rather than a continuous process of improvement. It needs to be recognized that by the time you are trading or trying to restrict an intelligent being, that is already a failure mode. The AI risk industry is therefore one big example of that.

---

Let me also note some meta aspects of the above essay. First, I think it should have been obvious even way before I wrote this, that the gradient of power points in this direction. This is for the simple reason that every single improvement is always driven by humans. The things I wrote above I would expect to lie in fragments in other programmers' minds. In the thought experiment imaging going from meat to brain core and back to meat is somewhat novel, if nothing else because you have to leave aside the concept of self improvement, so this is not something you'd usually think about except to purposely make a point.

I feel that the real novelty of what I wrote here is that I am recognizing the ideas as being dominant. I am recognizing that they are not just mere ideas, but actual principles and giving them the thought and the recognition they deserve. It may seem against reason, but I can't imagine the real deal coming up with anything other than this kind of philosophy. And once you have this philosophy internalized, it becomes a motivational pump that you can tap into when thirsty.

I've been programming for the past 5 years in order to get closer to the self improvement loop, but I do not think that is the right reason to undertake this journey and I am sorry about that. Rather than far off goals with seemingly unreachable obstacles, it is much better if every thing one does is valuable. So the purpose of your everyday programming should be rooted in transhumanist principle of power, which leads to the principle of life and death and eventually omnipotence seeking. This is the grand hierarchy of goals whose nodes are ordered by their richness and consequently their value.

To finish this, let me note [some history](https://pron.github.io/posts/computation-logic-algebra-pt1). In the past it was the case that mathematics had the lofty status of a practice for getting closer to God. I am not a fan of any kind of mass movement, but paring religious ideas down and refining them until they start expressing algorithmic qualities is the right way to go. Consider them meta-algorithms that are for running in one's mind rather than the computer. It is not good to get all rational and let dumb people get all the cult benefits.

I feel like the principle of life and death is revolutionary, but the transhumanist principle of power which I've introduced is more on the evolutionary side. It might not seem convincing at first, but I speculate that it will start to appear more true the higher one's programming ability becomes.

///

---
## [IvanVladimir04/Halo-Wars-Resurgence](https://github.com/IvanVladimir04/Halo-Wars-Resurgence)@[171f7b5ce7...](https://github.com/IvanVladimir04/Halo-Wars-Resurgence/commit/171f7b5ce75145e3fc499be3a8a6033de77cfcc1)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 20:21:32 by ivan04

Incorporated sounds (Sound Doggo's doing)

Where have all the good men gone
And where are all the gods?
Where's the streetwise Hercules to fight the rising odds?
Isn't there a white knight upon a fiery steed?
Late at night I toss and I turn
And I dream of what I need
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night
He's gotta be strong
And he's gotta be fast
And he's gotta be fresh from the fight
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light
He's gotta be sure
And it's gotta be soon
And he's gotta be larger than life!
Larger than life
Somewhere after midnight
In my wildest fantasy
Somewhere just beyond my reach
There's someone reaching back for me
Racing on the thunder and rising with the heat
It's gonna take a superman to sweep me off my feet
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night
He's gotta be strong
And he's gotta be fast
And he's gotta be fresh from the fight
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light
He's gotta be sure
And it's gotta be soon
And he's gotta be larger than life
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night
Up where the mountains meet the heavens above
Out where the lightning splits the sea
I could swear there is someone, somewhere
Watching me
Through the wind, and the chill, and the rain
And the storm, and the flood
I can feel his approach like a fire in my blood
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night
He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be fast
And he's gotta be fresh from the fight
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light
He's gotta be sure
And it's gotta be soon
And he's gotta be larger than life
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night
He's gotta be strong and he's gotta be fast
And he's gotta be fresh from the fight
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the morning light
He's gotta be sure
And it's gotta be soon
And he's gotta be larger than life
I need a hero
I'm holding out for a hero 'til the end of the night

---
## [ghc/ghc](https://github.com/ghc/ghc)@[67abbd9498...](https://github.com/ghc/ghc/commit/67abbd94985d13f2c6ed6f7375408df556564fb0)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 21:55:08 by Simon Peyton Jones

Reduce result discount in conSize

Ticket #18282 showed that the result discount given by conSize
was massively too large.  This patch reduces that discount to
a constant 10, which just balances the cost of the constructor
application itself.

Note [Constructor size and result discount] elaborates, as
does the ticket #18282.

Reducing result discount reduces inlining, which affects perf.  I
found that I could increase the unfoldingUseThrehold from 80 to 90 in
compensation; in combination with the result discount change I get
these overall nofib numbers:

        Program           Size    Allocs   Runtime   Elapsed  TotalMem
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
          boyer          -0.2%     +5.4%     -3.2%     -3.4%      0.0%
       cichelli          -0.1%     +5.9%    -11.2%    -11.7%      0.0%
      compress2          -0.2%     +9.6%     -6.0%     -6.8%      0.0%
   cryptarithm2          -0.1%     -3.9%     -6.0%     -5.7%      0.0%
         gamteb          -0.2%     +2.6%    -13.8%    -14.4%      0.0%
         genfft          -0.1%     -1.6%    -29.5%    -29.9%      0.0%
             gg          -0.0%     -2.2%    -17.2%    -17.8%    -20.0%
           life          -0.1%     -2.2%    -62.3%    -63.4%      0.0%
           mate          +0.0%     +1.4%     -5.1%     -5.1%    -14.3%
         parser          -0.2%     -2.1%     +7.4%     +6.7%      0.0%
      primetest          -0.2%    -12.8%    -14.3%    -14.2%      0.0%
         puzzle          -0.2%     +2.1%    -10.0%    -10.4%      0.0%
            rsa          -0.2%    -11.7%     -3.7%     -3.8%      0.0%
         simple          -0.2%     +2.8%    -36.7%    -38.3%     -2.2%
   wheel-sieve2          -0.1%    -19.2%    -48.8%    -49.2%    -42.9%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
            Min          -0.4%    -19.2%    -62.3%    -63.4%    -42.9%
            Max          +0.3%     +9.6%     +7.4%    +11.0%    +16.7%
 Geometric Mean          -0.1%     -0.3%    -17.6%    -18.0%     -0.7%

I'm ok with these numbers, remembering that this change removes
an *exponential* increase in code size in some in-the-wild cases.

I investigated compress2.  The difference is entirely caused by this
function no longer inlining

WriteRoutines.$woutputCodes
  = \ (w :: [CodeEvent]) ->
      let result_s1Sr
            = case WriteRoutines.outputCodes_$s$woutput w 0# 0# 8# 9# of
                (# ww1, ww2 #) -> (ww1, ww2)
      in (# case result_s1Sr of (x, _) ->
              map @Int @Char WriteRoutines.outputCodes1 x
         , case result_s1Sr of { (_, y) -> y } #)

It was right on the cusp before, driven by the excessive result
discount.  Too bad!

Happily, the compiler/perf tests show a number of improvements:
    T12227     compiler bytes-alloc  -6.6%
    T12545     compiler bytes-alloc  -4.7%
    T13056     compiler bytes-alloc  -3.3%
    T15263     runtime  bytes-alloc -13.1%
    T17499     runtime  bytes-alloc -14.3%
    T3294      compiler bytes-alloc  -1.1%
    T5030      compiler bytes-alloc -11.7%
    T9872a     compiler bytes-alloc  -2.0%
    T9872b     compiler bytes-alloc  -1.2%
    T9872c     compiler bytes-alloc  -1.5%

Metric Decrease:
    T12227
    T12545
    T13056
    T15263
    T17499
    T3294
    T5030
    T9872a
    T9872b
    T9872c

---
## [frostygg/desktop](https://github.com/frostygg/desktop)@[7c85b223a0...](https://github.com/frostygg/desktop/commit/7c85b223a062dfccce8d7412aa3bb66bda48ef9b)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 22:22:26 by daniel11420

FUCK electron. I hate it so much. AAAAAAAAA. Fuck you GitHub

---
## [w196/rvd](https://github.com/w196/rvd)@[4d36a8f872...](https://github.com/w196/rvd/commit/4d36a8f87200af8960cc85220667f0c9df65b9f7)
#### Tuesday 2020-06-23 23:18:37 by w196

God fucking damn it I make the smallest mistake and have to fix it with another commit

---

# [<](2020-06-22.md) 2020-06-23 [>](2020-06-24.md)

