# [<](2020-04-28.md) 2020-04-29 [>](2020-04-30.md)

2,824,533 events, 1,464,364 push events, 2,281,758 commit messages, 157,147,340 characters


## [k21971/EvilHack](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack)@[42471dfca4...](https://github.com/k21971/EvilHack/commit/42471dfca45d52972da824f1c4bb6a00e2eddf9a)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 01:03:25 by k21971

Fix: Death becoming ultra-uber from death rays.

Quite awhile ago, I had adjusted the MAGIC_COOKIE value from 200 to
1000. This was to insure that disintegration would still one-shot kill
anything it hit, even if its hit points were extremely high. Failed to
realize that this same define is also used to buff up Death if he's hit
by a wand of death. Unfortunately elenmirie found this out the hard way,
having Death inbetween her and another monster spamming her with death
rays. Death at 771 hp later... you get the picture.

New define, called DEATH_PROOF, reserved for Death only, value set at
500. High to be sure, but nothing too crazy, while still appropriately
evil. Yeah, I thought about making that value 666 but that's just too
much.

---
## [AnthonySuper/UntitledGameTracker](https://github.com/AnthonySuper/UntitledGameTracker)@[6ad1a78f78...](https://github.com/AnthonySuper/UntitledGameTracker/commit/6ad1a78f78f6c6a64173e9e95f7b109faf618e30)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 01:56:37 by Anthony Super

Add a view for a successsful import

It's ugly as sin, probably, I'm sorry.

---
## [jagerman/loki](https://github.com/jagerman/loki)@[4f1462c24d...](https://github.com/jagerman/loki/commit/4f1462c24de0fda67d6e978385a8e29b4cd61878)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 03:19:09 by Jason Rhinelander

RPC overhaul

High-level details:

This redesigns the RPC layer to make it much easier to work with,
decouples it from an embedded HTTP server, and gets the vast majority of
the RPC serialization and dispatch code out of a very commonly included
header.

There is unfortunately rather a lot of interconnected code here that
cannot be easily separated out into separate commits.  The full details
of what happens here are as follows:

Major details:
- All of the RPC code is now in a `cryptonote::rpc` namespace; this
  renames quite a bit to be less verbose: e.g. CORE_RPC_STATUS_OK
  becomes `rpc::STATUS_OK`, and `cryptonote::COMMAND_RPC_SOME_LONG_NAME`
  becomes `rpc::SOME_LONG_NAME` (or just SOME_LONG_NAME for code already
  working in the `rpc` namespace).
- `core_rpc_server` is now completely decoupled from providing any
  request protocol: it is now *just* the core RPC call handler.
- The HTTP RPC interface now lives in a new rpc/http_server.h; this code
  handles listening for HTTP requests and dispatching them to
  core_rpc_server, then sending the results back to the caller.
- There is similarly a rpc/lmq_server.h for LMQ RPC code; more details
  on this (and other LMQ specifics) below.
- RPC implementing code now returns the response object and throws when
  things go wrong which simplifies much of the rpc error handling.  They
  can throw anything; generic exceptions get logged and a generic
  "internal error" message gets returned to the caller, but there is
  also an `rpc_error` class to return an error code and message used by
  some json-rpc commands.
- RPC implementing functions now overload `core_rpc_server::invoke`
  following the pattern:

    RPC_BLAH_BLAH::response core_rpc_server::invoke(RPC_BLAH_BLAH::request&& req, rpc_context context);

  This overloading makes the code vastly simpler: all instantiations are
  now done with a small amount of generic instantiation code in a single
  .cpp rather than needing to go to hell and back with a nest of epee
  macros in a core header.
- each RPC endpoint is now defined by the RPC types themselves,
  including its accessible names and permissions, in
  core_rpc_server_commands_defs.h:
  - every RPC structure now has a static `names()` function that returns
    the names by which the end point is accessible.  (The first one is
    the primary, the others are for deprecated aliases).
  - RPC command wrappers define their permissions and type by inheriting
    from special tag classes:
    - rpc::RPC_COMMAND is a basic, admin-only, JSON command, available
      via JSON RPC.  *All* JSON commands are now available via JSON RPC,
      instead of the previous mix of some being at /foo and others at
      /json_rpc.  (Ones that were previously at /foo are still there for
      backwards compatibility; see `rpc::LEGACY` below).
    - rpc::PUBLIC specifies that the command should be available via a
      restricted RPC connection.
    - rpc::BINARY specifies that the command is not JSON, but rather is
      accessible as /name and takes and returns values in the magic epee
      binary "portable storage" (lol) data format.
    - rpc::LEGACY specifies that the command should be available via the
      non-json-rpc interface at `/name` for backwards compatibility (in
      addition to the JSON-RPC interface).
- some epee serialization got unwrapped and de-templatized so that it
  can be moved into a .cpp file with just declarations in the .h.  (This
  makes a *huge* difference for core_rpc_server_commands_defs.h and for
  every compilation unit that includes it which previously had to
  compile all the serialization code and then throw all by one copy away
  at link time).  This required some new macros so as to not break a ton
  of places that will use the old way putting everything in the headers;
  The RPC code uses this as does a few other places; there are comments
  in contrib/epee/include/serialization/keyvalue_serialization.h as to
  how to use it.
- Detemplatized a bunch of epee/storages code.  Most of it should have
  have been using templates at all (because it can only ever be called
  with one type!), and now it isn't.  This broke some things that didn't
  properly compile because of missing headers or (in one case) a messed
  up circular dependency.
- Significantly simplified a bunch of over-templatized serialization
  code.
- All RPC serialization definitions is now out of
  core_rpc_server_commands_defs.h and into a single .cpp file
  (core_rpc_server_commands_defs.cpp).
- core RPC no longer uses the disgusting
  BEGIN_URI_MAP2/MAP_URI_BLAH_BLAH macros.  This was a terrible design
  that forced slamming tons of code into a common header that didn't
  need to be there.
- epee::struct_init is gone.  It was a horrible hack that instiated
  multiple templates just so the coder could be so lazy and write
  `some_type var;` instead of properly value initializing with
  `some_type var{};`.
- Removed a bunch of useless crap from epee.  In particular, forcing
  extra template instantiations all over the place in order to nest
  return objects inside JSON RPC values is no longer needed, as are a
  bunch of stuff related to the above de-macroization of the code.
- get_all_service_nodes, get_service_nodes, and get_n_service_nodes are
  now combined into a single `get_service_nodes` (with deprecated
  aliases for the others), which eliminates a fair amount of
  duplication.  The biggest obstacle here was getting the requested
  fields reference passed through: this is now done by a new ability to
  stash a context in the serialization object that can be retrieved by a
  sub-serialized type.

LMQ-specifics:

- The LokiMQ instance moves into `cryptonote::core` rather than being
  inside cryptonote_protocol.  Currently the instance is used both for
  qnet and rpc calls (and so needs to be in a common place), but I also
  intend future PRs to use the batching code for job processing
  (replacing the current threaded job queue).
- rpc/lmq_server.h handles the actual LMQ-request-to-core-RPC glue.
  Unlike http_server it isn't technically running the whole LMQ stack
  from here, but the parallel name with http_server seemed appropriate.
- All RPC endpoints are supported by LMQ under the same names as defined
  generically, but prefixed with `rpc.` for public commands and `admin.`
  for restricted ones.
- service node keys are now always available, even when not running in
  `--service-node` mode: this is because we want the x25519 key for
  being able to offer CURVE encryption for lmq RPC end-points, and
  because it doesn't hurt to have them available all the time.  In the
  RPC layer this is now called "get_service_keys" (with
  "get_service_node_key" as an alias) since they aren't strictly only
  for service nodes.  This also means code needs to check
  m_service_node, and not m_service_node_keys, to tell if it is running
  as a service node.  (This is also easier to notice because
  m_service_node_keys got renamed to `m_service_keys`).
- Added block and mempool monitoring LMQ RPC endpoints: `sub.block` and
  `sub.mempool` subscribes the connection for new block and new mempool
  TX notifications.  The latter can notify on just blink txes, or all
  new mempool txes (but only new ones -- txes dumped from a block don't
  trigger it).  The client gets pushed a [`notify.block`, `height`,
  `hash`] or [`notify.tx`, `txhash`, `blob`] message when something
  arrives.

Minor details:
- rpc::version_t is now a {major,minor} pair.  Forcing everyone to pack
  and unpack a uint32_t was gross.
- Changed some macros to constexprs (e.g. CORE_RPC_ERROR_CODE_...).
  (This immediately revealed a couple of bugs in the RPC code that was
  assigning CORE_RPC_ERROR_CODE_... to a string, and it worked because
  the macro allows implicit conversion to a char).
- De-templatizing useless templates in epee (i.e. a bunch of templated
  types that were never invoked with different types) revealed a painful
  circular dependency between epee and non-epee code for tor_address and
  i2p_address.  This crap is now handled in a suitably named
  `net/epee_network_address_hack.cpp` hack because it really isn't
  trivial to extricate this mess.
- Removed `epee/include/serialization/serialize_base.h`.  Amazingly the
  code somehow still all works perfectly with this previously vital
  header removed.
- Removed bitrotted, unused epee "crypted_storage" and
  "gzipped_inmemstorage" code.
- Replaced a bunch of epee::misc_utils::auto_scope_leave_caller with
  LOKI_DEFERs.  The epee version involves quite a bit more instantiation
  and is ugly as sin.  Also made the `loki::defer` class invokable for
  some edge cases that need calling before destruction in particular
  conditions.
- Moved the systemd code around; it makes much more sense to do the
  systemd started notification as in daemon.cpp as late as possible
  rather than in core (when we can still have startup failures, e.g. if
  the RPC layer can't start).
- Made the systemd short status string available in the get_info RPC
  (and no longer require building with systemd).
- during startup, print (only) the x25519 when not in SN mode, and
  continue to print all three when in SN mode.
- DRYed out some RPC implementation code (such as set_limit)
- Made wallet_rpc stop using a raw m_wallet pointer

---
## [johnfortnitekennedy/JFKMarioWorld](https://github.com/johnfortnitekennedy/JFKMarioWorld)@[a50beb0983...](https://github.com/johnfortnitekennedy/JFKMarioWorld/commit/a50beb0983e6b6a31b2aa389e82d548e643ce638)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 03:29:07 by John fortnite kennedy

makes goman stfu

Is this it? This is what I got all those ass whoopings for? I had a dream once. It was a dream that little black boys and little black girls would drink from the river of prosperity, freed from the thirst of oppression. But lo and behold, some four decades later, what have I found but a bunch of trifling, shiftless, good-for-nothing niggas? And I know some of you don't want to hear me say that word. It's the ugliest word in the English language, but that's what I see now: niggas. And you don't want to be a nigga, 'cause niggas are living contradictions! Niggas are full of unfulfilled ambitions! Niggas wax and wane; niggas love to complain! Niggas love to hear themselves talk, but hate to explain! Niggas love being another man's judge and jury! Niggas procrastinate until it's time to worry! Niggas love to be late, niggas hate to hurry! Black Entertainment Television is the worst thing I've ever seen in my life! Usher, "Michael Jackson" is not a genre of music! And now I'd like to talk about Soul Plane. I've seen what's around the corner, I've seen what's over the horizon, and I promise you - you niggas won't have nothing to celebrate. And no, I won't get there with you. I'm going to Canada

---
## [samtay/dotfiles](https://github.com/samtay/dotfiles)@[5e786faa79...](https://github.com/samtay/dotfiles/commit/5e786faa791ab6c57a988b772b3e5c680085bf24)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 08:03:12 by Sam Tay

Squashed commit of the following:

commit f58a8c46e0fef0aa516f8c4349437d5f85df511a
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Mar 20 00:43:02 2020 -0700

    Easier display toggle

commit e3306baa6a467f3f3a25357d77849e77f869882e
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Mar 20 00:42:46 2020 -0700

    Update xmonad layouts

commit 68004ad1e5c35bccd29f4f01970b086b0df2ad81
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Mar 20 00:42:13 2020 -0700

    Haskell formatting config

commit 4c04015bcdf4336e3717413901a9a055ef23aab4
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Sat Mar 7 17:26:15 2020 -0800

    Holy crap, resizable secondary panes

    How the hell did I not know about this..

commit a4b254e2562e7401c6ef4401ea8622f234405681
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Thu Feb 20 11:11:38 2020 -0800

    Fix highlighting in jekyll posts

commit 7127b3056317a873cdef70b037f8daeea85a6083
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Thu Feb 20 11:10:41 2020 -0800

    Add terminalizer config

commit 8666e61cb5335b5bdddbf667db1eb8eed6d221c9
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Thu Feb 20 11:09:57 2020 -0800

    Use pulseaudio to squeeze sound out of shit speakers

commit 177a6d8c4b197a4e43aec66d889563dc319516d4
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Thu Feb 20 11:09:26 2020 -0800

    Fix carrot symbols in nerdtree

commit 5c0fe2899c46a04056eba0bb0d99aa9221427614
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Feb 9 12:52:53 2020 -0800

    Fix highlighting of diagrams within latex

commit f175fc57e090f8b707804f1217e072e4f6c4864d
Author: Sam Tay <sam.chong.tay@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Feb 7 09:50:09 2020 -0800

    Update vim-latex compilation, wm, PATH mgmt

---
## [brauner/linux](https://github.com/brauner/linux)@[db9a58f31b...](https://github.com/brauner/linux/commit/db9a58f31ba845303b0d5f92232e8aeb462d5afe)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 10:48:12 by Christian Brauner

nsproxy: attach to namespaces via pidfds

For quite a while we have been thinking about using pidfds to attach to
namespaces. This patchset has existed for about a year already but we've
wanted to wait to see how the general api would be received and adopted.
Now that more and more programs in userspace have started using pidfds
for process management it's time to send this one out.

This patch makes it possible to use pidfds to attach to the namespaces
of another process, i.e. they can be passed as the first argument to the
setns() syscall. When only a single namespace type is specified the
semantics are equivalent to passing an nsfd. That means
setns(nsfd, CLONE_NEWNET) equals setns(pidfd, CLONE_NEWNET). However,
when a pidfd is passed, multiple namespace flags can be specified in the
second setns() argument and setns() will attach the caller to all the
specified namespaces all at once or to none of them. Specifying 0 is not
valid together with a pidfd.

The obvious example where this is useful is a standard container
manager interacting with a running container: pushing and pulling files
or directories, injecting mounts, attaching/execing any kind of process,
managing network devices all these operations require attaching to all
or at least multiple namespaces at the same time. Given that nowadays
most containers are spawned with all namespaces enabled we're currently
looking at at least 14 syscalls, 7 to open the /proc/<pid>/ns/<ns>
nsfds, another 7 to actually perform the namespace switch. With time
namespaces we're looking at about 16 syscalls.
(We could amortize the first 7 or 8 syscalls for opening the nsfds by
 stashing them in each container's monitor process but that would mean
 we need to send around those file descriptors through unix sockets
 everytime we want to interact with the container or keep on-disk
 state. Even in scenarios where a caller wants to join a particular
 namespace in a particular order callers still profit from batching
 other namespaces. That mostly applies to the user namespace but
 all container runtimes I found join the user namespace first no matter
 if it privileges or deprivileges the container similar to how unshare
 behaves.)
With pidfds this becomes a single syscall no matter how many namespaces
are supposed to be attached to.
A decently designed, large-scale container manager usually isn't the
parent of any of the containers it spawns so the containers don't die
when it crashes or needs to update or reinitialize. This means that
for the manager to interact with containers through pids is inherently
racy especially on systems where the maximum pid number is not
significicantly bumped. This is even more problematic since we often spawn
and manage thousands or ten-thousands of containers. Interacting with a
container through a pid thus can become risky quite quickly. Especially
since we allow for an administrator to enable advanced features such as
syscall interception where we're performing syscalls in lieu of the
container. In all of those cases we use pidfds if they are available and
we pass them around as stable references. Using them to setns() to the
target process namespaces is as reliable as using nsfds. Either the
target process is already dead and we get ESRCH or we manage to attach
to its namespaces but we can't accidently attach to another process'
namespaces. So pidfds lend themselves to be used with this api.

Apart from significiantly reducing the number of syscalls from double
digit to single digit which is a decent reason post-spectre/meltdown
this also allows to switch to a set of namespaces atomically, i.e.
either attaching to all the specified namespaces succeeds or we fail. If
we fail we haven't changed a single namespace. There are currently three
namespaces that can fail (other than for ENOMEM which really is not
very interesting since we then have other problems anyway) for
non-trivial reasons, user, mount, and pid namespaces. We can fail to
attach to a pid namespace if it is not our current active pid namespace
or a descendant of it. We can fail to attach to a user namespace because
we are multi-threaded, because our current mount namespace shares
filesystem state with other tasks, or because we're trying to setns()
to the same user namespace, i.e. the target task has the same user
namespace as we do. We can fail to attach to a mount namespace because
it shares filesystem state with other tasks or because we fail to lookup
the new root for the new mount namespace. In most non-pathological
scenarios these issues can be somewhat mitigated. But there's e.g.
still an inherent race between trying to setns() to the mount namespace
of a task and that task spawning a child with CLONE_FS. If that process
runs in a new user namespace we must have already setns()ed into the new
user namespace otherwise we fail to attach to the mount namespace. There
are other cases similar to that and we've had issues where we're
half-attached to some namespace and failing in the middle. I've talked
about some of these problem during the hallway track (something only the
pre-COVID-19 generation will remember) of Plumber in Los Angeles in
2018(?). Even if all these issues could be avoided with super careful
userspace coding it would be nicer to have this done in-kernel. Pidfds
seem to lend themselves nicely for this.

The other neat thing about this is that setns()

Cc: Eric W. Biederman <ebiederm@xmission.com>
Cc: Serge Hallyn <serge@hallyn.com>
Cc: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Cc: Michael Kerrisk <mtk.manpages@gmail.com>
Cc: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>
---
If we agree that this is useful than I'd pick this up for for v5.8.
There's probably some smart trick around nsproxy and pidns life-cycle
management that I'm missing but I tried to be conservative wrt to taking
references.

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[819db13929...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/819db1392948605cfa2031905381f9b260278bde)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 11:58:34 by Chrismorales116

Added some more shit

Damage knockback doesn't work the way I want yet. It's honestly pretty fuckin wonky. I want it to kind of repel you back and kill your momentum. On the plus side if you turn off the damage on the lava traps they become trampolines. WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[152c824df1...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/152c824df1d77a49f9cb5a7e9c5a512198576d3e)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 12:01:45 by Chrismorales116

Oh God Oh Fuck

I closed my laptop while it was pushing did I fuck everything up? Oh shit oh fuck

---
## [forgeandfortune/forgeandfortune.github.io](https://github.com/forgeandfortune/forgeandfortune.github.io)@[a5d9ebd302...](https://github.com/forgeandfortune/forgeandfortune.github.io/commit/a5d9ebd302593e9f9a7e79bbe07ccca2ec03cb22)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 15:42:47 by akerson

fix to premade parties so they actually fucking work holy shit why did i wait this long to do this

---
## [JappaWakka/PkMnExp3d-Quartz](https://github.com/JappaWakka/PkMnExp3d-Quartz)@[833a6f3d0d...](https://github.com/JappaWakka/PkMnExp3d-Quartz/commit/833a6f3d0dd6f44f7bd478dad3946e1c497ceeef)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 19:04:30 by JappaWakka

Removed some stuff added some stuff

- Removed unnecessary gender pronouns system.
- Pokémon now use max 3 frames again instead of 4 (order of them is 1,2,1,3 just like NPCs).
- Renamed genders Boy and Girl back to Male and Female respectively.
- When there's no male or female rival sprite, the game will now fall back to just Rival.png

---
## [colathro/getthehotdish](https://github.com/colathro/getthehotdish)@[619072fc94...](https://github.com/colathro/getthehotdish/commit/619072fc943fd5538e7eae511bcb0160a7730352)
#### Wednesday 2020-04-29 22:43:01 by Colton Lathrop

i bend the knee to dto even though it sucks, annoying to work with,  and i hate it alot - thanks for listening

---

# [<](2020-04-28.md) 2020-04-29 [>](2020-04-30.md)

