# [<](2020-03-26.md) 2020-03-27 [>](2020-03-28.md)

160,590 events, 87,316 push events, 135,219 commit messages, 10,788,884 characters


## [marcialwushu/restropective-docusaurus](https://github.com/marcialwushu/restropective-docusaurus)@[1728de7a10...](https://github.com/marcialwushu/restropective-docusaurus/commit/1728de7a106d0872cdbc5ace7a2b9e3c56e3a30a)
#### Friday 2020-03-27 22:51:25 by Cleilson

WELCOME TO PWN2OWN 2020 - THE SCHEDULE AND LIVE RESULTS

Welcome to Pwn2Own 2020! This year’s contest will be the first where all attempts occur remotely. We have contestants from around the world ready to demonstrate some amazing research, and we have ZDI researchers ready to run and verify their attempts. Our returning partner Microsoft and sponsor VMware will also be online with us, as well as other affected vendors. We might not be in the same room, but we’re virtually together and ready for a fantastic contest. 

The schedule for today is posted below, and we’ll be updating this blog throughout the day with results and updates. We’ll post a full summary of today’s events (including videos of the attempts) tomorrow morning.

As always, we started the contest with a random drawing to determine the order of attempts. We have four attempts scheduled for today and four queued up for tomorrow. The full schedule for Day One is below (all times Pacific [UTC -7:00]). We will update this schedule with results as they become available.

---
## [andyfry01/HBC-SLBA](https://github.com/andyfry01/HBC-SLBA)@[88617f22c7...](https://github.com/andyfry01/HBC-SLBA/commit/88617f22c703ffaf888305ab7bf19ccecc353351)
#### Friday 2020-03-27 22:53:37 by Andy Fry

Refactor JS to enable footer to be at bottom of page

This is such a fucking hack job ... I am sorry future Andy. Really
sorry.

The basic issue is this:
- there is some custom JS that is used to resize the `#targetdiv`
element on the page on route change, which is supposed to set the height
of the scrolling background image element so the image isn't too tall.
- This is .... fine ... for the front page, but this #targetdiv element
is also where all the other pages render inside of. This height setting
functionality is only needed on the home page, but all pages will have
their target div resized on load
- What this results in is that the footer will not be at the bottom of
the page, but in the middle of the rest of the text content. Because
we're setting inline height styles on the target div, the actual flow of
the document is disrupted

My shitty, Friday-at-6:45pm solution to this is to look at the URL on
page load and only resize the target div for the homepage. This should
be changed in the future... but it will not be changed today.

---

# [<](2020-03-26.md) 2020-03-27 [>](2020-03-28.md)

