# [<](2020-06-18.md) 2020-06-19 [>](2020-06-20.md)

2,267,699 events, 1,134,129 push events, 1,834,275 commit messages, 128,116,387 characters


## [Stabbsworth/ukgkwilson](https://github.com/Stabbsworth/ukgkwilson)@[66fe49bdb7...](https://github.com/Stabbsworth/ukgkwilson/commit/66fe49bdb7475a49fd156330d9a7c0ab17231109)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 00:18:36 by Stabbsworth

added extra files, for god's sake.

apparently there was something involving shenanigans, thus the entirety of the folder didn't get uploaded! which includes these goddamn files.
thanks, github.

---
## [Ericlong423/face-alignment](https://github.com/Ericlong423/face-alignment)@[bd5b705136...](https://github.com/Ericlong423/face-alignment/commit/bd5b705136f2b049668fbcea6a8ba26b317df4ee)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 02:18:25 by Eric

Create 3DHeadOrientation.py

Hi. This process is giving good results for video.
I want to calculate pitch, yaw, roll of a face.
So,
I added these lines

   def rotationMatrixToEulerAngles(R) :
       sy = math.sqrt(R[0,0] * R[0,0] +  R[1,0] * R[1,0])
       singular = sy < 1e-6
      if  not singular :
          x = math.atan2(R[2,1] , R[2,2])
           y = math.atan2(-R[2,0], sy)
           z = math.atan2(R[1,0], R[0,0])
     else :
           x = math.atan2(-R[1,2], R[1,1])
           y = math.atan2(-R[2,0], sy)
           z = 0
    return np.array([x, y, z])


 eulerAngles=rotationMatrixToEulerAngles(rotationMatrix)        
 pitch, yaw, roll = [math.radians(_) for _ in eulerAngles]
 pitch = math.degrees(math.asin(math.sin(pitch)))
 roll = -math.degrees(math.asin(math.sin(roll)))
 yaw = math.degrees(math.asin(math.sin(yaw)))
  rotate_degree=[ str(int(pitch)), str(int(yaw)),str(int(roll))]

Your process is giving good results for pitch, roll, yaw.
But, Instead of video, i have taken directory containing different persons in different orientation images and applied above concept. Giving bad results for pitch, roll, yaw values.
Can you tell the process of calculating pitch, roll, yaw angles

Thanks
Sandhya


Hi,
Thanks for your reply.
Sorry for late response.

import numpy as np
import cv2
import face_alignment
import math
def rotationMatrixToEulerAngles(R) :
sy = math.sqrt(R[0,0] * R[0,0] + R[1,0] * R[1,0])
singular = sy < 1e-6
if not singular :
x = math.atan2(R[2,1] , R[2,2])
y = math.atan2(-R[2,0], sy)
z = math.atan2(R[1,0], R[0,0])
else :
x = math.atan2(-R[1,2], R[1,1])
y = math.atan2(-R[2,0], sy)
z = 0
return np.array([x, y, z])
#Initialize the face alignment tracker
fa = face_alignment.FaceAlignment(face_alignment.LandmarksType.3D, flip_input=True, device="cpu")
frame=cv2.imread("model9.jpg") #("model9.jpg")
canonical = np.zeros(frame.shape)
#Run the face alignment tracker on the image
#imagePoints = fa.get_landmarks_from_image(frame)
imagePoints = fa.get_landmarks(frame)
if(imagePoints is not None):
imagePoints = imagePoints[0]
# Compute the Mean-Centered-Scaled Points
mean = np.mean(imagePoints, axis=0) # <- This is the unscaled mean
scaled = (imagePoints / np.linalg.norm(imagePoints[42] - imagePoints[39])) * 0.06 # Set the inner eye distance to 60cm (just because)
centered = scaled - np.mean(scaled, axis=0) # <- This is the scaled mean
# Construct a "rotation" matrix (strong simplification, might have shearing)
rotationMatrix = np.empty((3,3))
rotationMatrix[0,:] = (centered[16] - centered[0])/np.linalg.norm(centered[16] - centered[0])
rotationMatrix[1,:] = (centered[8] - centered[27])/np.linalg.norm(centered[8] - centered[27])
rotationMatrix[2,:] = np.cross(rotationMatrix[0, :], rotationMatrix[1, :])
eulerAngles=rotationMatrixToEulerAngles(rotationMatrix)
pitch, yaw, roll = [math.radians()*100.0 for _ in eulerAngles]
pitch = math.degrees(math.asin(math.sin(pitch)))
roll = -math.degrees(math.asin(math.sin(roll)))
yaw = math.degrees(math.asin(math.sin(yaw)))
# rotate_degree=[ str(int(pitch)), str(int(roll)),str(int(yaw))]
rotate_degree=[math.floor(pitch),math.floor(roll),math.floor(yaw)]
print ("Rotate_Degree:",rotate_degree)
cv2.imshow('Webcam View', frame)
cv2.imshow('Canonical View', canonical)
cv2.waitKey(0)

With the above code, if i print rotate_degree giving result as Rotate_Degree: ['16', '44', '-20'], where as from https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cognitive-services/face/#demo link getting values for pitch, roll, yaw as like this
"headPose": {
"pitch": 6.0,
"roll": 24.7,
"yaw": 11.1
}
What should i modify to get the results??

My model9.jpg image is

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[e5db9abfec...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/e5db9abfec85d385b416911fa6c82df6f382690d)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 03:14:45 by Chrismorales116

Not a fan of being this tired this early

What the fuck man it was dope to be awake super early but now I'm too fucking tired to do anything at 8 PM? Yeah fuck that man this is bullshit. Anyway I fucked with the damage scripts again and maybe we can talk about that tomorrow idk? Time 4 bed goodnight github. Boy it'd be scary if Github said goodnight back.

---
## [AAChartModel/AAChartKit-Swift](https://github.com/AAChartModel/AAChartKit-Swift)@[a607c87906...](https://github.com/AAChartModel/AAChartKit-Swift/commit/a607c87906c12e47e39780eff6203e1be1023263)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 03:28:55 by An An

Correct README => AAChartKit-Swift do not support tvOS because the Apple removed the WKWebView framework in tvOS. Shame on you! Ugly baby judges you! Evil Apple company!

---
## [deadfish89/Final-Project](https://github.com/deadfish89/Final-Project)@[6fa767e2f7...](https://github.com/deadfish89/Final-Project/commit/6fa767e2f7701b67f098ef1d431642082ff42299)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 06:31:50 by bryanjiang117

Board.java fixed hovering for stats fuck that was cancer dude i hate my life so much nah i get daniel now im gonna fuck alan turing in the ass this gay mf gave me so much cancer

---
## [CitrusGender/tgstation](https://github.com/CitrusGender/tgstation)@[b6408700e4...](https://github.com/CitrusGender/tgstation/commit/b6408700e4912a53b96e7dc7b9cb0b725c08227d)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 07:47:10 by tralezab

Solo Antag Refactor + More Solo Antags (#96)

* Solo Antag Refactor + More Solo Antags

* testing

* obsessed does it on night one, fugitive gets his damn color

* cleanup

* frick

* oh my god thank lord i caugth this

---
## [rk-helper/statistics_codes](https://github.com/rk-helper/statistics_codes)@[77552f91eb...](https://github.com/rk-helper/statistics_codes/commit/77552f91eb4e6702d3e2d3b5aadd881b3745f6a7)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 10:26:32 by rk-helper

mission passed! 

thnx to my brain i am genius btw. easy 96.67% on exam lol. fucked all this nerds just in 3 month hahahhaha. make 400k rubles also from helper. lol you're poor but nerdy i am nerdy but rich ahahahhahah. shut the fuck up stupid nerdy bitches. i fucked this game.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[44cfdc2712...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/44cfdc27126588669b996a2a2838a99b886f519a)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 10:44:07 by Marko Grdinić

"9:45am. I am up. Thanks to yesterday, I got rid of some of my flatfottedness. Damn, was that thing annoying.

What is important in life? One's own power.

Never forget that. As a matter of principle, debts are to be cut. Today, I will finally be able to focus on programming for a while.

My mind feels a bit drained though. I haven't slept too well.

Still, when has that ever stopped me?

10am. Let me waste time for a bit first though as I am too groggy. I haven't really had the mind to think about the task that I actually need doing.

10:40am. Let me finally start. My will is starting to go up.

10:45am.

```fs
                values =
                    Map.empty
                    |> Map.add "infinityf64" (Lit (LitFloat64 infinity))
                    |> Map.add "infinityf32" (Lit (LitFloat32 infinityf))
```

Ah, I forgot about this. Yeah, I am going to allow top level values just to eliminate this dependency.

```fs
            | Some(Forall _) -> raise <| CompilationError "main has to be a regular function, not a forall."
            | Some _ -> raise <| CompilationError "main has to be a function."
            | None -> raise <| CompilationError "main has to be present in the last module."
        | _ -> failwith "Compiler error: Module that has been compiled should always be in the environment."
    with
        | :? CompilationError as x -> Error x.Data0
        | :? TypeError as x -> Error(show_trace settings x.Data0 x.Data1)
        | :? CodegenError as x -> Error(x.Data0)
        | :? CodegenErrorWithPos as x -> Error(show_trace {settings with filter_list=[]} x.Data0 x.Data1)
```

I can't just take this function and call it directly as the positions get stripped.

10:50am. Ok, how about for starters I split the trace and the final error message?

10:55am. Let me start it like that. The goal is starting to form in my mind.

The way the language is implemented now, I can't do much with it. At most I will be able to do some primitive compilation. I can't even use it as a caching server.

So my goal for the mean term will be modest - let me jack it into the server. Just that will serve as the appetizer.

After that I should just start on the redesign starting with parsing.

Right now the Spiral v0.2 parser's error messages are broken due to getting eaten and this is something I should address at the onset.

Also I really should break out the disassembler and take a look at how well F# is inlining various expressions and data structures because right now that is just awful. I need to optimize this.

11:05am. Since I will have editor support, the parser parts I should test in advance of everything else. I should only move to typechecking once that is done. Even though I won't be able to run the programs I am making I should leave the prepass and partial evaluation for last.

11:10am. There is just one last thing...

Foralls. I'd like them to be unicode, so that I could write \a and have the editor convert them to ∀. That would be much better than having to write forall explicitly. This is something I should on the VS Code plugin page. Come to think of it, I still have not gotten an answer to my question.

https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=brunnerh.insert-unicode

Hmmm, I should look into how this plugin does it.

11:15am. Since just jacking the `compile` function into the server won't be much of a challenge, what I really need to focus is gather my will for the parser and the typechecker parts. I need to focus on the redesign itself.

Let me take a little break here.

11:40am. Let me have breakfast here. No much point in starting anything new now.

Thought I am still not fully focused, I did get a feel for wanting to do the parser just for a bit now.

12:40pm. Done with breakfast. Let me resume.

Honestly, I feel like stepping away from the screen for a while. Whereas yesterday I got distrupted, right now my mind feels too much on edge. I feel both intense heat, and anxiety and tedium.

I want to step away from this for a while. I want to work on this, but not under such high mental strain. I've sharpened my mind, but a sharp mind needs to be cool.

I'll step away from the screen and the computer. It is good to do that sometimes."

---
## [andrewh91/MultiplayerDemo20200528](https://github.com/andrewh91/MultiplayerDemo20200528)@[634aca8d5b...](https://github.com/andrewh91/MultiplayerDemo20200528/commit/634aca8d5b6d9e27ba451bba9e2f3573a61142a4)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 13:04:05 by andrewh91

So i’m setting up this static PH number which is screen height/1280, if i had somewhere something like edgeLength = 50, i’ll change that to 50*PH and hopefully this should scale to fit the screen, i’m going to need to force the aspect ratio though, ... scrap all that, this is what i needed

spritebatch.setProjectionMatrix(camera.combined);
shaperenderer.setProjectionMatrix(camera.combined);

The desktop app resembles the phone app now , also i’m using Gdx.graphics.setWindowedMode(315, 560);
So that the desktop app actually fits on my small tv
The begin deal trident appears in a much different location
This is because it uses Gdx.graphics.getHeight, instead i should use my defined height and width of 1280 and 720, i should go through and remove all usage of this get height method
Did that now touch doesn’t work... drew the mouse x and y on screen and it seems to be inverted, thats because setToOrtho first argument was false , changed it to true, put that literally turned things upside down including text, after more testing this wasn’ the problem, set that back to false, another problem is the mouse position is not one to one with the actual mouse position, we can’t reach the far corner of the screen

Set Gdx.graphics.setWindowedMode(720/2, 1280/2);
This needs to match the viewport exactly, so if i need to reduce the window size to fit the tv screen, then i need to change the viewport to match.

That fixes the problem on desktop, but i still get the problem on android, the full screen is not being used, because my phone is more than 1280 by 720 , it’s 1080 by 1920

If i just stop using setWindowedMode, the phone will have it’s high resolution and desktop gets some small default resolution, not sure where this default is set but i guess i could change it only for desktop mode... ok i figured that out it’s in
The desktopLauncher just add
config.width=720/2;
config.height=1280/2;

So the desktop is small res, fits on screen, android is high res and it fits on it’s screen too, but things are proportionally smaller on android

Can change the desktop width and height to mimic a real world device size, but regardless of that size, the viewport should always be 16:9
If the device is not exactly the same at the viewport then i need to

This has been very confusing but now with a fitViewport i’m happy with it, desktop window size can be whatever, but if we set the viewport to 1920 by 1080, the fit viewport will sort of zoom out so that everything drawn within the 1920 by 1080 viewport can be seen on that screen. If the real world screen size is larger than the viewport that is fine too, a lot of the confusion was due to me drawing some things in relation to the Gdx.graphics.width so that when i was testing things it wasn’t working as expected.
The viewport can be anything, can be 100 by 100, 16 by 9, 1280 by 720 or 1920 by 1080, the only thing that matters is that i’m  drawing within that space, so i can set it as 1280 by 720, but i need to remember how big the screen is, don’t need to use Gdx.graphics.getWidth, just use 720,

So i do need to go through all my code and adjust the size of everything

I’ve also noticed that even if i try and set the desktop launcher size to 1280 by 720, if one of those number exceeds my actual tv size, it will be capped, which is helpful - height is capped at 639 , which means i can see all the content but the resolution is not great, so i could make things bigger so it’s easier to read, but remember i’m not actually targeting this resolution

Set immersive mode in the android launcher

Kinda wasted a lot of time on this,

Next time go through all code and resize everything, first of all the font needs to be at least twice as big, make sure nothing references Gdx.graphics.getHeight,

After that resume the deal stage, the deal animation is not right yet

---
## [gruppe-adler/grad-civs](https://github.com/gruppe-adler/grad-civs)@[4234836b15...](https://github.com/gruppe-adler/grad-civs/commit/4234836b15311aa3de1b6633bc43f50c0306570d)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 15:24:53 by Moritz Schmidt

create basic addon structure

add cba include

add 'common' component

create legacy module

wip move functions

add XEH_PREP

copy macros, remove package.json

adjust function name prefix

QFUNC

FUNC

fn => fnc

adjust macro include: component.hpp => script_component.hpp

initialize CBA settings. oh, and stop asserting ACE. we're a mod now. we've got other ways to express our dependencies. Oh yeah baby.

update README: eliminate much of the config and howto part

facepalm

ignore PBOs

wip

ugh, review this change plz

remove LOGTIME macros. use the profiler instead, its far more powerful

fix config getter

GVAR(LOCAL_CIVS)

CBA settings stuff, also: remove GRAD_CIVS_ENABLEDONFOOT etc

remove GRAD_CIVS_STATE_BUSINESS

wip

wip main module

gixup

yo first module gui exists

ugh fix b0rked shit

ugh agh

test test testi test

omg so much wip, everything at once.

move statemachine modifications into extra addon

more modules

mooove shit!

lalala

wip

wipwip. event for statemachines ready

remove from legacy what is already in voyage

wip

fix settings init

fixfix

missing #include, fix ChatTime

fix neighbor cooldown setting

fu fix conigf

CBA settings menu works again, yay

among other things: loadout in extra module

fix event module

some global var fixing

add README for mimikry

mimikry module: player interactions

QEGVAR some  civ interaction events

fixup complete mimikry

dont postInit anything if mod disabled

oops

fixfix

fix

shorten config descriptions

oops

setVehicles

missing includes

fix state machine calls, move mucho into own addon

wip fix statemachine access

move file

hopefully better state access, me thinks

complete gitignore

ficxfix

do init!

facepalmierung

fixfix

fix, add config for corpsemanager mode

Update fnc_initConfig.sqf

spawnOnlyWithPlayers flag

:dancer:

fix

fix module interactions

move vehicle funcs, remove vehicle parameter from civ group spawn

remove static civs & cars functions.

functionality is really nice, but it feels disconnected from how grad-civs works otherwise; especially the static cars have no connection to any other functionality.

I'm removing the (probably broken anyway) feature right now. Might re-add later.

Update README.md

some FUNC -> EFUNC, fix global animaltransport chance, LOCAL_CIVS => localCivs

EFUNCs in patrol addon

resident EFUNCS, chiefly

ugh

oops. scalar setting ofc

Update fnc_addCarCrew.sqf

Update fnc_sm_lifecycle_state_spawn_enter.sqf

Update fnc_civAddLoadout.sqf

sort config categories

fix default config val, fix missing onspawn handler

oops

yay

syntax fix

GVAR/config fix

ups

dont despawn if civs are allowed on empty server

wild. register civ task types

wild

facepalm

fix showWhatTheyThink

loadout only for local civs

add out-of-scope TODOs

fix infoline

nitpicky dependency reshuffle

dont use statemachine init event; instead waitUntil

facepalm

fixfix

fix circular dependency, broken patrol logic

Update fnc_sm_business_trans_rally_mountUp_condition.sqf

facepalm

Update XEH_postInit.sqf

Update XEH_postInit.sqf

lol

yay

löl vehicles got despawned instantly

---
## [karolherbst/mesa](https://github.com/karolherbst/mesa)@[11cbfa36bf...](https://github.com/karolherbst/mesa/commit/11cbfa36bfc433eecd4772ba9f854f782850367c)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 16:04:24 by Rob Clark

RFC: opencl: mega-cl

This is a sort of workaround for an issue encountered with the ongoing
work for clover clc->spirv->nir work for supporting OpenCL with drivers
that support consuming nir instead of llvm-ir.  The problem is that
libnir (and therefore glsl_types) ends up statically linked into both
clover and the pipe driver it dynamically loads.  Which causes *much*
hillarity.

An easy solution is to statically link the drivers into clover.  In fact
I'm not even really sure what other solution there is, but maybe there
is some linker magic I am not aware of.

(Note, if mesa state tracker ever used libpipe_loader_dynamic, I think
it would hit the same problem.  If we still support that config, we
should drop it ASAP.)

The down side is we end up statically linking in drivers and other
things that don't make sense (ie. only support TGSI or don't support
compute shaders, etc).  I'm thinking a sane option here is to have for
each driver, "driver_${name}" plus "driver_${name}_stub", the stub
containing an entry point that just returns an error.  (Maybe also do
similar for winsys and some other things?)  This way, a target like
opencl can pick either the real driver or the stub as needed.

Btw, I'm kinda thinking we should drop libpipe_loader_dynamic
completely, only only use libpipe_loader_static, and use the stub
drivers to avoid pulling in stuff that doesn't make sense.  (I noticed,
for example, the omx target statically links a bunch of drivers that
don't support the video related gallium APIs.. this stub driver approach
would help there too.)

Signed-off-by: Rob Clark <robdclark@gmail.com>

---
## [gnoliyil/fuchsia](https://github.com/gnoliyil/fuchsia)@[4537317e78...](https://github.com/gnoliyil/fuchsia/commit/4537317e78d1144666e31006605f35ba9a2abbc2)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 17:34:02 by John Grossman

[fbl][slab_alloc] Fix a failure to passthru to global delete

Fix an issue with MANUAL_DELETE slab allocatable objects where the
hidden custom delete operator was failing to passthru to the
underlying global delete operator in the case that the
AllowManualDeleteOperator options was passed.

Typically, a slab allocated object whose slab allocator uses the
MANUAL_DELETE flavor should never have `delete` called on it.
Instead, the Delete method of it's slab allocator should be used
instead.  In order to prevent accidents, the delete operator of the
SlabAllocated<> base class is overloaded and placed in the protected
section of the base class.  Additionally, a runtime debug assert is
present to explode if somehow the operator gets invoked at runtime.

In a recent change

https://fuchsia-review.googlesource.com/c/fuchsia/+/390793

An option was added which (when passed to the traits of the object)
suppresses the assert and allows objects to have `delete` used on
them.  This allows for objects which can have a dual-life.  One where
they are sometimes slab allocated, but another where their lifecycle
is managed using the heap along with new/delete.  'delete' still needs
to be invoked either from a friend of the object or the object itself,
but it can be done and is considered to be an advanced use case.

That said, the SlabAllocated<> base class still needs to pass the
memory onto the global delete operator, otherwise the memory will be
leaked.

A test was written when the feature was added, but unfortunately it
has no good way to know that the global delete operator was actually
called.  For that, you need a tool like LSAN which is not currently
enabled in test environments, although it will be eventually, as soon
as we can make it to a green build/test point.

Enter bug #54182.  When LSAN was turned on, it was finding these
leaks, but in a different place.  Specifically, the RegionAllocator
when configure in no-slab-allocator mode (the first user of the
AllowManualDeleteOption).  In theory, it would also have found
the trouble when running the specific slab allocator test, it was just
that this bug was filed first.

There is a CL on deck which will be the first production user of the
feature

https://fuchsia-review.googlesource.com/c/fuchsia/+/391865

but it has not landed yet, and the allocations it performs live for
the entire life of the kernel, so thankfully there has be no
real-world damage yet.

Still, this is a serious bug and needs to be fixed, so the key
takeaway here is "Go LSAN!"

Tests: existing unit tests coupled with LSAN will prevent regressions
       here.
Fixed: 54182
Change-Id: I9d3562f8d2298159a38bf5e3c2f6dd5e31ecbfab
Reviewed-on: https://fuchsia-review.googlesource.com/c/fuchsia/+/399627
Commit-Queue: John Grossman <johngro@google.com>
Reviewed-by: Christopher Anderson <cja@google.com>
Reviewed-by: Jeremy Manson <jeremymanson@google.com>
Testability-Review: Christopher Anderson <cja@google.com>

---
## [javashin/android_kernel_lge_msm8996](https://github.com/javashin/android_kernel_lge_msm8996)@[544e43375b...](https://github.com/javashin/android_kernel_lge_msm8996/commit/544e43375b301686dfe363618c0e6195114fbd2a)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 18:22:10 by Carlos Jimenez (JavaShin-X)

Update Config & Upload Compiled Kernel.
Make A Release POST.

-#- JavaShin-X-H872 CustoKernal For LG G6 T-Mobile Codename = "lucye" -#-
-#- msm8996pro-lucye_tmo_us -#-

• Initial Test Release Build.
• But TESTED And Stable.

• Kernel Sources =  LG-G6-DEV:Optimizing.  On Github. Fork.
• Kernel Sources BASE Already Have >

• Wireguard
• Simple Android Low Memory Killer
• KCAL
• K-Lapse
• AdrenoBooster
• Boeffla generic wakelock blocker driver
• DRIVEDROID

• JSX CustoKernal MODS Start Here >  =

• Release build have significantly reduced debugging messages/routines for slight performance & battery enhancements.
• Optimize compiler flags with better CPU optimizations.
• Optimize for performance rather than size.
• Higher performance with lower battery usage.
• Various other improvements.
• Ultra low latency.
• Interactive Cpu Governor As Default.
• Addeded BFQ I/O SCHED.
• Zswap now uses BTREE instead of ZPOOL.
• Zswap Now Default To Z3fold Lz4 Instead Of ZBUD.
• Zsmalloc by Default.
• AnyKernel v3 To Retain Magisk Root.
• BlueTooth Check Key-Sizes Only If Secure Simple Pairing.

• Add New I/O Schedulers =
    block/fiops-iosched.
    block/sio-iosched.
    Zen I/O scheduler - Primarily based on Noop, deadline, and SIO IO schedulers.

• Patches Fixes =
    Add XATTR_USER_PREFIX
    Add fs-enable-link-security-restrictions-by-default
    Add ARM-dts-patch-to-support-popoplug-e02
    Add fix-lru-cache-add-oom-regression
    Add dev-root-proc-mount-fix

• Compiled With CLANG.
• Compiled With Last clang-r383902b 11.0.2 - June 2020
• Specific Aarch64-Arm64 optimizations. "-march=armv8-a+fp+simd+crc+crypto"
• Plus ricer optimizations "-O3 -fno-stack-protector -pipe".
• Backported dtc-4.2
• Fix Compiling with Google Android clang-master.
• Enable Adreno Idler.
• Enable State-Notifier Driver.
• Added Dynamic Fsync 2.0
• GPU-Enable-19MHz-idle-frequency.
• Disabled GFS to Achieve Better UI Performance.
• adreno_tz-Add-GPU-input-boost-feature
• Add - Streebog Crypto Support Developed By Russia's FSB.
* introduced as a cryptographic hash function developed in large part by the Russian government.
• FIX soc/qcom: mpm-of: Remove __init declaration from mpm_irq_domain_size()  - mpm_irq_domain_size is wrong. No More Mismatch *

• Config Tweaking.
[*] Enable RCU priority boosting
[*] QTI Core Control
[*] Optimize very unlikely/likely branches
[*] Automatic process group scheduling
[*] CPU bandwidth provisioning for FAIR_GROUP_SCHED
[*] Enable workqueue power-efficient mode by default
[*] SMT scheduler support

TODO LIST.
• Enable ZRAM to 3GB and use lz4 as compressor.
• Use optimized spinning loop for arm64, this makes about 20% performance improvement on the CPU multithread load.
• VDSO32 Bits Enabled By Default
• CROSS_COMPILE_ARM32 & CLANG_TRIPLE_ARM32
• Zstd Compression Algo Backported.
• Zswap kernel feature that provides a compressed RAM cache for swap pages Using ZSTD Algo&Crypto.

 SmartPack Kernel Manager. Recommended.

* Instructions :
Always retain a backup of your current kernel and system image. Before Flashing.
After Set Everything Up - Working System Custom Rom With Recovery & Magisk Root.
Then Just Need To Reboot To Recovery Via Advanced Reboot Power Menu Or "adb reboot recovery"

* Disclaimer ===
"Not Responsible For Any Kind Of Damage To Any Device"
"Use At Your Own Risk , No Warranty Included , If Brick Well It Bricks In The Name Of Science Don't Blame ME"
"If You Got Here Is For A Reason , Meaning You Already Know What Are You Doing With Your Phone"
"Meaning That You Already Void OEM Warranty"

Work Done Based On Experience Haxing Linux Kernel A long The Years , Mostly Patching , Fixing Adding , Modding.
Im Not A Developer Not A Programmer Not A Hacker.
Im Just A Unix/Linux System Administrator - Computer Technician. But We Don't Stop Learning.
Kernel Very Well Tested Never Been An Issue With Any Phone Trusted Code Available On Github.

https://github.com/javashin/android_kernel_lge_msm8996
KERNEL FORK ^.^

Thanks To Lg G6 THinQ Community .
Thanks To : LGSUCKS , cheewaca ,  w0lfsvk .
All The Dev's Who Make This Phone Great.

Carlos Jimenez = NickName =
JavaShin-X WrongDevice =
Ozmage JavaShin-X Fork.
Dominican Republic -
Thu Jun 19 2020.

---
## [jfsuarezb/stock_algo_dev](https://github.com/jfsuarezb/stock_algo_dev)@[a76848c499...](https://github.com/jfsuarezb/stock_algo_dev/commit/a76848c4992fbef9d611206c50ef0993db548cc5)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 19:33:55 by Estudio

Changed forex data source to friendlier Yahoo Finance (because, again, investing.com fucking sucks)

---
## [InfoTeddy/VVVVVV](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV)@[fb3f3a14e7...](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV/commit/fb3f3a14e7bff9d9de72655498554b811d75b720)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 21:23:04 by Misa

Work around SDL2 bug where VSync hint only applies on renderer creation

Ugh, this is terrible and stupid and I hate myself for it.

Anyway, since the SDL2 VSync hint only applies when the renderer is
created, we have to re-create the renderer whenever VSync is toggled.
However, this also means we need to re-create m_screenTexture as well,
AND call ResizeScreen() after that or else the letterbox/integer modes
won't be applied.

Unfortunately, this means that in main(), gameScreen.init() will create
a renderer only to be destroyed later by graphics.processVsync().
There's not much we can do about this. Fixing this would require putting
graphics.processVsync() before gameScreen.init(). However, in order to
know whether the user has VSync set, we would have to call
game.loadstats() first, but wait, we can't, because game.loadstats()
mutates gameScreen! Gahhhhhh!!!!

@leo60228 suggested to fix that problem (
https://github.com/TerryCavanagh/VVVVVV/pull/220#issuecomment-624217939
) by adding NULL checks to game.loadstats() and then calling it twice,
but then you're trading wastefully creating a renderer only to be
destroyed, for wastefully opening and parsing unlock.vvv twice instead
of once. In either case, you're doing something twice and wasting work.

---
## [eatkins/ipcsocket](https://github.com/eatkins/ipcsocket)@[ed07773e51...](https://github.com/eatkins/ipcsocket/commit/ed07773e51c783fa4e17175a5978afeb702146fc)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 21:51:18 by Ethan Atkins

Make server socket implementations graalvm friendly

The jna and graalvm native-image tool do not play nicely together.
Reflection is used extensively by the jna in a way that is difficult,
where possible, to get to work with native-image (posix I was able to
get working with some, but not all versions of the native-image tool,
windows I didn't even try because of the way it used proxy classes). In
order to support using ipcsocket in a native client for sbt, it is
necessary to provide jni implementations of the client and server
sockets for both posix and windows platforms.

In the case of the unix domain sockets, it was not that difficult to
extract an interface out of UnixDomainSocketLibrary that could be
provided both by the jna and jni because there few jna provided structs
that needed to be passed around. This was not the case with windows,
where there were more instances of things like SecurityAttributes and
OVERLAPPED structs floating around as well as numerous constants that
were used in the regular java code. The necessary refactoring was more
extensive and it was significantly more difficult to extract the shared
interface. Nevertheless, this was done for both.

The native libraries that provide the jni implementations are provided
in a platform specific location in the library's resources. Building is
done entirely within sbt and does not rely on make or another third
party build tool. The library is quite small for windows and linux < 20K
each, but, unfortunately, is somewhat bloated at ~350K for windows. I
think it should be possible to get the sized down to around 20K for
windows as well but I had problems building a freestanding executable
with mingw*. The native libraries are also built on appveyor and
uploaded as artifacts, making it possible to update all of the native
libraries without relying on building on a developer's machine or vm.
Getting a compilation toolchain working on windows can be a pain, so the
library can be cross-compiled for windows using mingw on either osx or
linux (the cross-compilation is done using linux in ci).

Each of the server and client class constructors now has an addition
useJNI parameter that can be used to select the implementation at
runtime. When JNI is used, the library will extract the appropriate
shared library into a temporary directory that is configurable via
system property. After loading the library, it spawns a background
thread to delete any old temporary shared librarys in the temporary
directory to try and avoid filling the user's hard drive. I didn't
bother with a shutdown hook because it doesn't really work with windows
since you can't delete a file that is being used which would require
that the shutdown hook close the classloader for the native library
which could cause another shutdown hook to fail. This approach avoids
that issue but does introduce an issue with posix systems where it would
be possible for concurrent processes to delete their respective copies
of the shared library. I avoid this by writing a pid file to a
corresponding file to the temporary shared library itself. We only try
to delete the shared libraries in the directory if the corresponding pid
is not alive. On windows, there is no need for a pid file because the os
won't let us delete the file if it is open anyway.

I consolidated the unix and windows tests into a single SocketTest that
selects the correct implementation based on the runtime platform.

There are unfortunately some formatting changes that got incorporated
into this commit when I ran javafmt but it isn't worth the effort to
extract them into a separate commit.

* Much of the native infrastructure was adapted from
https://github.com/swoval/swoval. For that library, I was able to build
a freestanding library with mingw that was roughly 10K but, for reasons I
don't understand, it didn't work with this project and I opted not to
spend a ton of time reducing the size of the binary.

---
## [SteRoy/OnlineDebateSystem](https://github.com/SteRoy/OnlineDebateSystem)@[d21ea5e511...](https://github.com/SteRoy/OnlineDebateSystem/commit/d21ea5e5118e9a8f16a9f5afa009bece06b62db6)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 21:56:40 by SteRoy

fuck you postgres

Signed-off-by: SteRoy <stevenandrewroy@gmail.com>

---

# [<](2020-06-18.md) 2020-06-19 [>](2020-06-20.md)

