# [<](2020-07-28.md) 2020-07-29 [>](2020-07-30.md)

2,551,199 events, 1,263,946 push events, 2,020,832 commit messages, 145,959,681 characters


## [e-mo/Ouroboros](https://github.com/e-mo/Ouroboros)@[f8db0d07bc...](https://github.com/e-mo/Ouroboros/commit/f8db0d07bcb3492d42a5065e04c2ccc5d92b658d)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 00:44:29 by e-mo

New asyncio backend

Dear diary,
Haven't committed in a while. I'm not sorry.

So now we are using asycio to create a concurrent backend
that spawns worker tasks to handle IO over concurrent sessions.
We are now tricking the server into thinking we are the Orichil
client so that we receive webclient map data. SUCCESS.

The asyncio backend and the gui will run on separate threads and
communicate using q_manager, which is just a central manager for
creating and accessing queues.

I have decided to use the logging module to smash myself with info
allowing better, faster, and live debugging info. HIGH FIVE.

---
## [Munghard/DOOMZ](https://github.com/Munghard/DOOMZ)@[687fa59fe3...](https://github.com/Munghard/DOOMZ/commit/687fa59fe39c0e9c1ebac8e0c022b72615f54195)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 00:45:18 by JestaJoke

shitnipples

Added new sound for anomaly that we can change again but figured it was a good placeholder in the meantime

went to fix sprinting bceause I thought it was broken but then I realized I guess it just doesnt work sometimes, still havent disected that issue. Seems to work most often

tried to add dps trigger to the anomaly but the cast kept failing, got late enough that felt I had to stope for the night, sorry for the broken bit. Im sure im just missing something small

---
## [HippieStation/HippieStation](https://github.com/HippieStation/HippieStation)@[fdd6830eaf...](https://github.com/HippieStation/HippieStation/commit/fdd6830eaf63382110b4d242bdade011855c8ef7)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 01:14:27 by carlopault

ChapDrobe now shows when emagged in examine menu when you shift+click the chapdrobe (#12799)

* emag examine oh yeah slammy wammy wakowstic cheezy breezy easy peezy. yoyobatty aint got no mans arms on this slimy. I fucken did it. I have figured out how large Thano’s flaccid penis is. I know what you’re thinking: How could I have done this? Well, allow me to explain. I started out with an image. The picture was of Thanos and Iron Man standing next to each other. This image was exactly what I needed. It came directly from Marvel, so we know for certain that the proportions are correct. Now that we have the two characters, how does one go about actually determining Thano’s length? That’s easy. We only need the length of Robert Downey Jr.’s penis. Luckily, we have a vague idea of just how large that is. Back in 2014, Robert Downey Jr. was quoted saying something along the lines of: “I have a massive dick, and feminism is a joke”. From this statement, we can determine one major thing: Robert Downey Jr. slays women with his massive peen.

* yakama now does spoopy special scream lol

---
## [david-pili/FreeBSD-src](https://github.com/david-pili/FreeBSD-src)@[8dbe1abad1...](https://github.com/david-pili/FreeBSD-src/commit/8dbe1abad1dda9e0f0733d754daaa3ba8f9be331)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 01:25:14 by kevans

MFC r354247, r355349: lualoader try_include improvement

r354247: lualoader: rewrite try_include using lfs + dofile

Actual modules get require()'d in, rather than try_include(). All instances
of try_include should be provided with proper hooks/API in the rest of
loader to do the work they need to do, since we can't rely on them to exist.
Convert this now to lfs + dofile since we won't really be treating them as
modules.

lfs is required because dofile will properly throw an error if the file
doesn't exist, which is not in the spirit of 'optionally included'.

Getting out of the pcall game allows us to provide a loader.exit() style
call that backs out to the common bits of loader (autoboot sequence unless
disabled with a loader.setenv("autoboot_delay", "NO")). The most ideal way
identified so far to implement loader.exit() is to throw a special
abort-style error that indicates to the caller in interp_lua that we've not
actually errored out, just continue execution. Otherwise, we have to hack in
logic to bubble up and return from loader.lua without continuing further,
which gets kind of ugly depending on the context in which we're aborting.

A compat shim is provided temporarily in case the executing loader doesn't
yet have loader.lua_path, which was just added in r354246.

r355349: lualoader: correct a typo from r354247

r354247 converted try_include to lfs + dofile with the loader.lua_path added
just before. Fortunately, there was a hardcoded /boot/lua fallback in case
loader.lua_path wasn't being set yet- I typo'd it as loader.lua_paths.

Fix the typo.

---
## [jonpryor/java.interop](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop)@[f0b55fcf89...](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop/commit/f0b55fcf89e6c035c9717693f60fe40118f6774e)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 01:35:48 by Jonathan Pryor

[java-source-utils] Add Java source code utilities

There are two parts of the current `.jar` binding toolchain which are
painful and could be improved:

 1. Parameter names
 2. Documentation extraction

Parameter names (1) are important because they become the names of
event members as part of ["event-ification"][0].  As such they are
semantically important, and the default behavior of "p0" makes for a
terrible user experience.

*If* the `.class` files in the `.jar` file are built with
`javac -parameters` (4273e5ce), then the `.class` file will contain
parameter names and we're good.  However, this may not be the case.

If the `.class` files are built with `javac -g`, then we'll try to
deduce parameter names from debug info, but that's also problematic.

What else can be used to provide parameter names?

It is not unusual for Java libraries to provide "source `.jar`" files,
e.g. Android provides `android-stubs-src.jar` files, and other
libraries may provide a `*-sources.jar` file.  The contents of these
files are *Java source code*.  These files are used by Android IDEs to
provide documentation for the Java library.  They contain classes,
methods, parameter names, and associated Javadoc documentation.

What they are *not* guaranteed to do is *compile*.  As such, we can't
compile them ourselves with `javac -parameters` and then process the
`.class` files, as they may refer to unresolvable types.

"Interestingly", we *already* have some tooling to deal with this:
`tools/param-name-importer` uses a custom Irony grammar to parse
the Android SDK `*-stubs-src.jar` files to grab parameter names.
However, this tooling is *too strict*; try to pass arbitrary Java
source code at it, and it quickly fails.

Which brings us to documentation (2): we have a [javadoc2mdoc][1] tool
which will parse Javadoc HTML documentation and convert it into
[**mdoc**(5)][2] documentation, which can be later turned into
[XML documentation comments][3] files by way of
[**mdoc export-msxdoc**(1)][4], but this tool is (1) painful to
maintain, because it processes Javadoc *HTML*, and
(2) *requires Javadoc HTML*.

Google hasn't updated their downloadable Javadoc `.zip` file since
API-24 (2016-October).  API-30 is currently stable.

If we want newer docs, we either need to scrape the
developer.android.com/reference website to use with the existing
tooling, or...  we need to be able to read the Javadoc comments within
the `*-stubs-src.jar` files provided with the Android SDK.
(Note: Android SDK docs are Apache 2; file format conversion is fine.)

We thus have two use-cases for which parsing Java source code would
be useful..

As luck would have it, there's a decent Apache 2-licensed Java project
which supports parsing Java source code: [JavaParser][5].

Add a new `tools/java-source-utils` program which will parse Java
source code to produce two artifacts: parameter names and
consolidated Javadoc documentation:

	$ java -jar java-source-utils.jar --help
	java-source-utils [-v] [<-a|--aar> AAR]* [<-j|--jar> JAR]* [<-s|--source> DIRS]*
		[--bootclasspath CLASSPATH]
		[<-P|--output-params> OUT.params.txt] [<-D|--output-javadocs> OUT.xml] FILES

Provide `--output-params OUT.params.txt`, and the specified file will
be created which follows the file format laid out in
[`JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs`][6]:

	package java.lang
	;---------------------------------------
	  class Object
	    wait(long timeout)

Provide `--output-javadocs OUT.xml`, and the resulting file will be a
`class-parse`-like XML file which uses `//@jni-signature` as the "key"
and a child `<javadoc/>` element to contain documentation, e.g.:

	<api api-source="java-source-utils">
	  <package name="java.lang">
	    <class name="Object" jni-signature="Ljava/lang/Object;">
	      <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      <constructor jni-signature="()V">
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </constructor>
	      <method name="wait" jni-signature="(J)V" jni-returns="V" returns="void">
	        <parameter name="name" jni-type="J" type="long" />
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </method>
	    </class>
	  </package
	</api>

This should make it possible to update the Xamarin.Android API
documentation without resorting to web scraping (and updating the code
to deal with whatever new HTML dialects are now used).

If neither `--output-params` nor `--output-javadocs` is used, then
`--output-javadocs` will be executed, writing to stdout.

The XML file *also* contains parameter name information, so that one
file can be the "source of truth" for parameter names and
documentation.

`FILES` can be either Java source code or a `.jar` or `.zip` file
containing Java source code.  `.jar` and `.zip` files will be
automatically extracted into a temporary directory, and the temp
directory deleted during program exit.  If a single file references
other types, the "root" directory containing those types may need to
be specified via `--source DIR`:

	$ java -jar "bin/Debug/java-source-utils.jar" -v \
	  -s $HOMEandroid-toolchain/sdk/platforms/_t  \
	  $HOME/android-toolchain/sdk/platforms/_t/android/app/Activity.java \
	  -P android.params.txt -D android.xml >o.txt 2>&1

TODO:

In some scenarios, types won't be resolvable.  What should output be?

We don't want to *require* that everything be resolvable -- it's painful, and
possibly impossible, e.g. w/ internal types -- so instead we should "demark"
the unresolvable types.

`.params.txt` output will use `.*` as a type prefix, e.g.

	method(.*UnresolvableType foo, int bar);

`docs.xml` will output `L.*UnresolvableType;`.

fix JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs to support the above.

~~ Notes ~~

In some circumstances, `JavaParser` won't associate Javadoc comments
with their nodes in a manner that we desire, e.g. when there's a blank
line between the Javadoc and the declaration.  To support this, we
look for "orphan" comments during traversal, and use the *first*
orphan comment encountered as the Javadoc for a member, then *remove*
that comment so that it's not present when processing the next member.

[0]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/internals/api-design#events-and-listeners
[1]: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/tree/d48cf04f9749664bf48fc16bcb920d5d941cccab/tools/javadoc2mdoc
[2]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc(5)
[3]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/xmldoc/
[4]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc-export-msxdoc(1)
[5]: https://javaparser.org
[6]: https://github.com/xamarin/java.interop/blob/93df5a200e7b6f1b5add451aff66bbcb24293720/src/Xamarin.Android.Tools.Bytecode/JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs#L45-L68

---
## [hexagrahamaton/hexagonlink](https://github.com/hexagrahamaton/hexagonlink)@[b1dc7b650b...](https://github.com/hexagrahamaton/hexagonlink/commit/b1dc7b650bd562886493e75643e10897aba0a567)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 01:49:51 by Graham Steele

Update

- Fixed footer
- Rearrange stuff
- Update copy to use fewer Latinate words, &c.
- New media block style with placeholder images
- Remove contact page
- Separate JS for easier templatification
- Add ridiculous --vh thing
  - Fuck you, mobile browser devs
- Provisional

---
## [CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole)@[9f17ebb13b...](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole/commit/9f17ebb13bf6a0ce4fdb7a32aa7b06b8450d73f1)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 03:17:19 by frick-nedrickson

Add in ROCKS!

So, with farms out of the way, it was time for the next challenge:
ROCKS!

That's right, big and grey and rocky. I made the rocks myself using CG
Geek's "How to Create Low Poly Rocks in 1 Minute" Tutorial. To be
honest I'm still not entirely sure what happened but the first 20
seconds or so were enough for me to make a stupid rock. Some people in
the comments were pointing out that CG Geek's 'low-poly' rock had
14,000 triangles - which is a lot, since our assets have so far
averaged around 2 triangles.

To correct that, I added a "Decimate"... filter... thing... I think.
I still feel like making this rock was more fever dream then process.
Anyway, that "Decimate" item allowed me to curb the amount of polys in
the rock to a manageable enough level for our game/prototype/project.

I chose to make only one rock, since the game uses flat colors and
fixed angles I feel like we can get away with it. I created a rock
node that can easily be changed to one of three sizes (still all the
same rock) for ease of use. Each rock size has a collision mesh that
matches the rock. Neat!

The nice thing about these rocks: they're simple. No fuss. I feel like
this is the only commit they need, unless we create different kinds of
rocks to later on.

---
## [ProfessorPopoff/mojave-sun](https://github.com/ProfessorPopoff/mojave-sun)@[6c001bccf9...](https://github.com/ProfessorPopoff/mojave-sun/commit/6c001bccf98cd80c5df62fb25831096a8c6b2fb2)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 04:35:46 by Popoff

yeah. i'll commit it i'll commit it

watch your motherfuckin' tone boy

---
## [CalvinSoul/Divergences](https://github.com/CalvinSoul/Divergences)@[442b4572ef...](https://github.com/CalvinSoul/Divergences/commit/442b4572efa6935bd45e4b8fbbb2a55cab8cea8e)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 07:57:21 by calvinsoul

Lots of random fixes, cut out the interface files, began work on fixing the map bullshit, cut SHA content temporarily, holy fuck just let it work god damn it

---
## [KathyRyals/RyalsBaystation12](https://github.com/KathyRyals/RyalsBaystation12)@[9316e199fb...](https://github.com/KathyRyals/RyalsBaystation12/commit/9316e199fbf617a8c86ca81e9bf42c4a432089b2)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 09:29:10 by Kathy

Added a bunch of alt clicks / ctrl click behaviours.


Fixed being able to eject from everywhere


Changed behaviour, added chem dispenser and chem master eject proc.


Fuck


Fixed again goddammit


Implemented suggested changes.


Travis man bad


WIP


Fixed typo


Should work now.


Added grinder alt click, ctrl click, ctrlalt click


FIXED BULLSHIT SPACE


Flip my shit

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d66793291a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d66793291ae37f3e2af7a83413f8a650276cb156)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 10:02:41 by Marko Grdinić

"9:50pm. I slept well tonight. Let me chill for a while and then it will be time to start.

10:15am. This is nice.

I could start now, but let me read Kaiju girls for a bit more. After that I will do some more work on the parser. I need to do what I talked about yesterday. Though I am tempted to just jump into the typechecker, let me do the last bit of cleaning up. I need to do the block merging thing as well. Once I do that - then I will be 100% ready. The typechecker won't be too much of a big deal. I've figured out how to deal with applying implicits in recursive functions.

I think that even for regular functions I'll use the same scheme. Rather than apply them right away, just annotate all the variables uses on the term level with their monomorphic type. Then on the second pass, use that info in order to apply the implicits.

Nice, smooth and simple. I do not need any complicated type system features for v0.2.

10:25am. I was meant to read a chapter, but now that I've writen the above entry the action has gotten me into the mood. Let me start.

10:30am.

```fs
    let forall d =
        let next = functions
        if allow_forall then (pipe2 (forall <|>% []) next (List.foldBack (fun x s -> RawTForall(range_of_typevar x +. range_of_texpr s,x,s)))) d
        else next d
```

Actually, I'll keep the current design of the `root_type`.

10:35am.

```fs
and root_type allow_metavars allow_value_exprs allow_forall d =
    let next = root_type allow_metavars allow_value_exprs allow_forall
    let allow_wildcard = allow_metavars || allow_forall
```

I am going to have to add another flag to this.

Yeah, this is unbearable. Let me factor this into a record.

```fs
type RootTypeFlags = {
    allow_foralls : bool
    allow_metavars : bool
    allow_term : bool
    allow_wildcard : bool
    }

let root_type_defaults = {
    allow_foralls = false
    allow_metavars = false
    allow_term = false
    allow_wildcard = false
    }
```

In the first place, allow_wildcard is wrong for the prototype.

10:45am.

```fs
        let case_unary_op =
            read_unary_op' >>= fun (o,a) d ->
                let type_expr d = ((read_small_var' |>> RawTVar) <|> (rounds (fun d -> root_type false (d.is_top_down = false) false d))) d
                match a with
                | "!!!!" ->
                    (range (read_big_var .>>. (rounds (sepBy1 expressions (skip_op ","))))
                    >>= fun (r,((ra,a), b)) _ ->
                        match string_to_op a with
                        | true, op' -> Ok(RawOp(r,op',List.toArray b))
                        | false, _ -> Error [ra,InbuiltOpNotFound]) d
                | "`" -> (range type_expr |>> RawType) d
                | "``" -> (range type_expr |>> RawTypeToVar) d
                | _ -> (expressions |>> fun b -> RawApply(o +. range_of_expr b,RawV(o, "~" + a),b)) d
```

I really want to restrict the ` operator to just the bottom up.

I need to fix this.

10:45am.

```fs
| "``" -> if d.is_top_down then Error [] else (range type_expr |>> RawTypeToVar) d
```

Since this one will be used only in the bottom up phase, I should go back to making it an Op.

10:55am.

```fs
        let case_unary_op =
            read_unary_op' >>= fun (o,a) d ->
                let type_expr d = ((read_small_var' |>> RawTVar) <|> (rounds (fun d -> root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_term=true} d))) d
                match a with
                | "!!!!" ->
                    (range (read_big_var .>>. (rounds (sepBy1 expressions (skip_op ","))))
                    >>= fun (r,((ra,a), b)) _ ->
                        match string_to_op a with
                        | true, op' -> Ok(RawOp(r,op',List.toArray b))
                        | false, _ -> Error [ra,InbuiltOpNotFound]) d
                | "`" -> if d.is_top_down then Error [] else (range type_expr |>> RawType) d
                | "``" -> if d.is_top_down then Error [] else (range type_expr |>> fun (r,x) -> RawOp(o +. r,TypeToVar, [|RawType(r,x)|])) d
                | _ -> (expressions |>> fun b -> RawApply(o +. range_of_expr b,RawV(o, "~" + a),b)) d
```

Yeah, this is good.

11:10am.

```fs
let top_prototype = range (tuple4 (skip_keyword SpecPrototype >>. read_small_var) read_type_var (many forall_var) (skip_op ":" >>. root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_foralls=true})) |>> fun (r,(a,b,c,d)) -> TopPrototype(r,a,b,c,d)
```

Ah, damn I made a mistake. It is not that foralls are allowed. They are just allowed in the outermost level.

```fs
    let forall d =
        let next = functions
        if flags.allow_foralls then (pipe2 (forall <|>% []) next (List.foldBack (fun x s -> RawTForall(range_of_typevar x +. range_of_texpr s,x,s)))) d
        else next d
```

Let me factor this out.

```fs
let forall d =
    (skip_keyword SpecForall >>. (many1 forall_var) .>> skip_op "."
    >>= fun x _ -> duplicates DuplicateForallVar x |> function [] -> Ok x | er -> Error er) d
let inline type_forall next d = (pipe2 (forall <|>% []) next (List.foldBack (fun x s -> RawTForall(range_of_typevar x +. range_of_texpr s,x,s)))) d
```

Let me do this.

Now...

```fs
let top_prototype =
    range
        (tuple4
            (skip_keyword SpecPrototype >>. read_small_var) read_type_var (many forall_var)
            (skip_op ":" >>. type_forall (root_type root_type_defaults)))
    |>> fun (r,(a,b,c,d)) -> TopPrototype(r,a,b,c,d)
```

Yeah, this is fine.

```fs
        let case_typecase =
            let clauses d =
                let bar = bar (col d)
                (optional bar >>. sepBy1 (root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_metavars=true; allow_wildcard=true} .>>. (skip_op "=>" >>. next)) bar) d

            range ((skip_keyword SpecTypecase >>. root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_term=true} .>> skip_keyword SpecWith) .>>. clauses)
            >>= (fun (r, (a, b)) d ->
                if d.is_top_down then Error [r,TypecaseNotAllowed]
                else Ok(RawTypecase(r,a,List.toArray b))
                )
```

Let me change this. I do not want it to parse typecase and then validate.

11:10am.

```fs
        let case_typecase d =
            let clauses d =
                let bar = bar (col d)
                (optional bar >>. sepBy1 (root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_metavars=true; allow_wildcard=true} .>>. (skip_op "=>" >>. next)) bar) d

            if d.is_top_down then Error [] else
                (range ((skip_keyword SpecTypecase >>. root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_term=true} .>> skip_keyword SpecWith) .>>. clauses)
                |>> fun (r, (a, b)) -> RawTypecase(r,a,List.toArray b)) d
```

This is good.

11:20am. Focus me, focus. Stop surfing 4chan now that I am done with this piece.

Ah, yes. `real`. I need to finally add this keyword to the language.

```fs
let case_real = skip_keyword SpecReal >>. (fun d -> next {d with is_top_down=false}) |>> fun x -> RawReal(range_of_expr x,x)
```

11:25am. Plugged that in.

11:30am. Now at the top level I will need `real inl`, but I'll leave that for later. That kind of thing I'll save for when am done with all the stages and moving to writing the libraries.

11:40am. I am taking a little breather.

I think I am done for the morning.

11:45am. The next step in my journey would be to make the block merging server. Those merged blocks are what will be consumed by the typechecker.

After going through it over and over in my mind, I think that the typechecker will actually be pretty easy now. I'll have to adjust the review estimate to 1-2 weeks. If it is just getting unification operational this will take me a few days at most.

11:50am. At any rate, I've thought enough about the typechecker for the time being. It is time to focus my attention on the next upgrade to the server"

---
## [tsainez/game](https://github.com/tsainez/game)@[29b23cb56a...](https://github.com/tsainez/game/commit/29b23cb56abc8d1fbc7ef71ba630a01e9932a6ff)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 10:02:42 by snail-lord

h

//WARNING! Carry on reading! Or you will die, even if you only looked at the word warning! Once there was a little girl called Clarissa, she was ten-years-old and she lived in a mental hospital, because she killed her mom and her dad. She got so bad she went to kill all the staff in the hospital so the More-government decided that best idea was to get rid of her so they set up a special room to kill her, as humane as possible but it went wrong the machine

---
## [Pcola129/ahgoverhaul](https://github.com/Pcola129/ahgoverhaul)@[7a857620a5...](https://github.com/Pcola129/ahgoverhaul/commit/7a857620a58d7c033a5f1ea8f0d40c17bb09e114)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 10:28:09 by Skylar

removing filip's retarded unified colour scheme for his flags

seriously its fucking retarded. also filip if youre reading this go fuck yourself you abusing tesco stalin bitch

---
## [GnomeModder/EnforcerMod](https://github.com/GnomeModder/EnforcerMod)@[96a89271f8...](https://github.com/GnomeModder/EnforcerMod/commit/96a89271f8bb551a18cfa9a2b06a285d0944545a)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 11:11:23 by Robert

it's fucking 7 am what the hell am i even doign why isn't code work help FUCK aaaaaaaa

rewrote assault rifle but it's somehow even less functional don't ask how i did it
added assault rifle model, pending texture
fixed blood shrine damage being blocked
re-added footsteps because this is very important and a good use of my time
fixed menu animation
tweaked shotgun because enigma/sushi/furry is a big dummy and tripled the damage for some reason
attempted to fix elites applying debuffs even when blocked but i haven't tested so someone else can tell me if that works or not
updated survivor description thanks moff
special now requires key press, secondary no longer does
uncommented the soundbank code because apparently sounds weren't working for an unknown reason very strange :^))
what else did i change i don't even fuckin remember man

---
## [msobkow/htdocs](https://github.com/msobkow/htdocs)@[369dec4b02...](https://github.com/msobkow/htdocs/commit/369dec4b02f936563057cb15fa0fbdfe142faf68)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 12:29:01 by Mark Stephen Sobkow

2020-07-29 Change of course for MSS Code Factory and my life

I will be removing all support for MySQL, SQL Server, Oracle, and DB/2 LUW from my publicly
accessible GitHub repositories.  That support is not ready for prime time as-is, and I'm going
to make those my bread-and-butter implementations that future clients have to come to me or
a future corporation to obtain support.

I'm not getting rid of the code; I'm just taking it internal.

I'm also pulling CFAcc, CFAst, and CFFrSw both 2.12 and 3.1 internal.  They're not useful at
this point; I have plans for them as potential products, but they'd take a fair bit of investment
to realize their potential.

Public support for PostgreSQL will continue.  This will suffice for people to prototype applications
using my manufactured code with a PostgreSQL database, but come to me or a future corporation I set
up for other databases.  To be honest, I appreciate the sense of direction a friend gave me recently.

I've been giving everything away; that will never do.  I have to fill the personal coffers somehow,
turn this into a viable <i>business</i> instead of just a two-decade hobby.

In the meantime, I'm going to teach myself Spring 4, as I have some work coming up that requires
using it, and I'll see if there is anywhere I can leverage my tool to save time with the Spring 4
coding.  But it looks to me that between the base toolkit and all the plugins, they've got their
bases covered for full-stack development and deployment, and the approach of running snippets of
templates instead of manufacturing an entire application should result in tighter code that is
focused on the specific needs of the application at hand rather than all the possibilities inferred
from the database model.

I espect about all I'll build on for now is my database creation scripts, unless ERD modelling
is incorporated in the Spring 4 tools for Eclipse Linux amd64.  With that in mind, once I'm done
locking down internal vs. public code on 2020-07-29, MSS Code Factory work will be suspended while
I focus on the potential project at hand, and the guidance it has given me to retooling my skillset
to something marketable in this day and age...

---
## [GZR-Kernels/Optimus_Drunk_Phoenix](https://github.com/GZR-Kernels/Optimus_Drunk_Phoenix)@[b95640723e...](https://github.com/GZR-Kernels/Optimus_Drunk_Phoenix/commit/b95640723ef66eecd942b07886fe7a1ef6fe32b7)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 12:31:52 by Mel Gorman

sched/fair: Use a recently used CPU as an idle candidate and the basis for SIS

The select_idle_sibling() (SIS) rewrite in commit:

  10e2f1acd010 ("sched/core: Rewrite and improve select_idle_siblings()")

... replaced a domain iteration with a search that broadly speaking
does a wrapped walk of the scheduler domain sharing a last-level-cache.

While this had a number of improvements, one consequence is that two tasks
that share a waker/wakee relationship push each other around a socket. Even
though two tasks may be active, all cores are evenly used. This is great from
a search perspective and spreads a load across individual cores, but it has
adverse consequences for cpufreq. As each CPU has relatively low utilisation,
cpufreq may decide the utilisation is too low to used a higher P-state and
overall computation throughput suffers.

While individual cpufreq and cpuidle drivers may compensate by artifically
boosting P-state (at c0) or avoiding lower C-states (during idle), it does
not help if hardware-based cpufreq (e.g. HWP) is used.

This patch tracks a recently used CPU based on what CPU a task was running
on when it last was a waker a CPU it was recently using when a task is a
wakee. During SIS, the recently used CPU is used as a target if it's still
allowed by the task and is idle.

The benefit may be non-obvious so consider an example of two tasks
communicating back and forth. Task A may be an application doing IO where
task B is a kworker or kthread like journald. Task A may issue IO, wake
B and B wakes up A on completion.  With the existing scheme this may look
like the following (potentially different IDs if SMT is in use but similar
principal applies).

 A (cpu 0)	wake	B (wakes on cpu 1)
 B (cpu 1)	wake	A (wakes on cpu 2)
 A (cpu 2)	wake	B (wakes on cpu 3)
 etc.

A careful reader may wonder why CPU 0 was not idle when B wakes A the
first time and it's simply due to the fact that A can be rescheduled to
another CPU and the pattern is that prev == target when B tries to wakeup A
and the information about CPU 0 has been lost.

With this patch, the pattern is more likely to be:

 A (cpu 0)	wake	B (wakes on cpu 1)
 B (cpu 1)	wake	A (wakes on cpu 0)
 A (cpu 0)	wake	B (wakes on cpu 1)
 etc

i.e. two communicating casts are more likely to use just two cores instead
of all available cores sharing a LLC.

The most dramatic speedup was noticed on dbench using the XFS filesystem on
UMA as clients interact heavily with workqueues in that configuration. Note
that a similar speedup is not observed on ext4 as the wakeup pattern
is different:

                          4.15.0-rc9             4.15.0-rc9
                           waprev-v1        biasancestor-v1
 Hmean      1      287.54 (   0.00%)      817.01 ( 184.14%)
 Hmean      2     1268.12 (   0.00%)     1781.24 (  40.46%)
 Hmean      4     1739.68 (   0.00%)     1594.47 (  -8.35%)
 Hmean      8     2464.12 (   0.00%)     2479.56 (   0.63%)
 Hmean     64     1455.57 (   0.00%)     1434.68 (  -1.44%)

The results can be less dramatic on NUMA where automatic balancing interferes
with the test. It's also known that network benchmarks running on localhost
also benefit quite a bit from this patch (roughly 10% on netperf RR for UDP
and TCP depending on the machine). Hackbench also seens small improvements
(6-11% depending on machine and thread count). The facebook schbench was also
tested but in most cases showed little or no different to wakeup latencies.

Signed-off-by: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Signed-off-by: Peter Zijlstra (Intel) <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Matt Fleming <matt@codeblueprint.co.uk>
Cc: Mike Galbraith <efault@gmx.de>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/20180130104555.4125-5-mgorman@techsingularity.net
Signed-off-by: Ingo Molnar <mingo@kernel.org>
Signed-off-by: Adam W. Willis <return.of.octobot@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: PrimoDev23 <lexx.ps2711@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Panchajanya1999 <panchajanya@azure-dev.live>
Signed-off-by: CryllicBuster273 <cryllicbuster273@pixelexperience.org>

---
## [AbdullahZahra/problemsolving](https://github.com/AbdullahZahra/problemsolving)@[8d78a47a76...](https://github.com/AbdullahZahra/problemsolving/commit/8d78a47a76e4c564a96496f02b3e677b9fea8b91)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 12:42:45 by Abdullah Zahra

Create A. Amusing Joke.cpp

So, the New Year holidays are over. Santa Claus and his colleagues can take a rest and have guests at last. When two "New Year and Christmas Men" meet, thear assistants cut out of cardboard the letters from the guest's name and the host's name in honor of this event. Then the hung the letters above the main entrance. One night, when everyone went to bed, someone took all the letters of our characters' names. Then he may have shuffled the letters and put them in one pile in front of the door.

The next morning it was impossible to find the culprit who had made the disorder. But everybody wondered whether it is possible to restore the names of the host and his guests from the letters lying at the door? That is, we need to verify that there are no extra letters, and that nobody will need to cut more letters.

Help the "New Year and Christmas Men" and their friends to cope with this problem. You are given both inscriptions that hung over the front door the previous night, and a pile of letters that were found at the front door next morning.

Input
The input file consists of three lines: the first line contains the guest's name, the second line contains the name of the residence host and the third line contains letters in a pile that were found at the door in the morning. All lines are not empty and contain only uppercase Latin letters. The length of each line does not exceed 100.

Output
Print "YES" without the quotes, if the letters in the pile could be permuted to make the names of the "New Year and Christmas Men". Otherwise, print "NO" without the quotes.

---
## [EaW-Team/equestria_dev](https://github.com/EaW-Team/equestria_dev)@[fb6d23d3b4...](https://github.com/EaW-Team/equestria_dev/commit/fb6d23d3b4f7fd758ee7d5e44d698e360e7c3c4e)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 15:52:07 by AquaMuro

Almost Whole Hellquill Translation (not all focuses) + small typo fix

Small (27 lines, lul) poem 4u, mates. It sucks imo, but I am Russian, so who cares? And well, some focuses are still not translated, just decided to push all events, Ideas, decisions and other stuff + rewrite of whole translation made before Riverlands, omg.

Hellquill, I Guess:

The Hellquill translation was long and ashamed,
And was even done like three times.
I've finally managed to complete the lines
Which once I have took and retained.

Translation went for about four months,
That strategic damned mistake!
I've finally managed to complete the lines,
Which once I have took and reshaped.

Wingfried the Coward and Edler the Harsh,
Ap Cyrod still leads our march!
Reformists again began their trail
And ponies will feel now the total frail!

Kamphaus there "fights" with deserved soup,
While Stackelberg plans up another his coup.
Knights sitting and willing to solve problematic anarchy
Will go and bring up here foreign monarchy

There are Fisher and Starry around the woods,
Thinking and planning sneak up to some goods!
Underground commies planning revolt,
Began their word spread in country world.

There August von Ortelsberg checking his mail,
While Karl starts another assail.
There gonna be freedom and nations two,
Just under one flag with no need in a glue.

Republic of Hellquill there may be established
With Breeze's effort and his strangely jokes,
Or Guttenfried's family money stocks...
(and Karl or August, of course.)

The End.

---
## [Spirits-/orange_bot](https://github.com/Spirits-/orange_bot)@[22306f88fa...](https://github.com/Spirits-/orange_bot/commit/22306f88faec7cf977747fce3cdb19c70cf4bc2e)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 16:15:49 by Nicolas

What the fuck is this registration scheme holy shit

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[606ff5111f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/606ff5111fdb1159ce093874559a3391ea0a0de9)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 16:21:54 by Marko Grdinić

"12:30pm. > Remember that first chapter where she goes berserk and levels the country that wronged her? The one where if you're like me, you've been diligently wading through subpar otome SoL flashback chapters to catch up to it? That never actually happens. Retconned. There's no payoff.

Found this comment in the archive. Guess I'll drop Astrid. For some reason both Hellrage and vamp loli paladin are long overdue for an update.

1:25pm. Just a bit more and I will start.

1:55pm. Let me start.

It is time to focus on the next step.

```fs
            if d.is_top_down then Error [] else
                (range ((skip_keyword SpecTypecase >>. root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_term=true} .>> skip_keyword SpecWith) .>>. clauses)
                |>> fun (r, (a, b)) -> RawTypecase(r,a,List.toArray b)) d
```

Let me keep this as a list.

The same goes for `RawOp`.

```fs
| TopInstance of Range * VarString * VarString * TypeVar list * RawExpr
```

I've shortened the name of this.

2pm. Ok, let me just run this for a bit just to make sure no serious error crawled in.

```fs
Expected one of: (, variable, {, symbol
Expected: ()
```

Whops, the error message for rounds is wrong.

```
| ExpectedUnit -> "()"
```

Actually no it is not.

```fs
        let r = fst a +. fst b
        match snd a, snd b with
        | TokParenthesis(Round,Open), TokParenthesis(Round,Close) -> skip' d 2; Ok(f r)
        | _ -> Error [r, ExpectedUnit]
```

Ah, the range is wrong.

```fs
let inline unit' f d =
    let i = index d
    if i+1 < d.tokens.Length then
        let a,b = d.tokens.[i], d.tokens.[i+1]
        let r = fst a +. fst b
        match snd a, snd b with
        | TokParenthesis(Round,Open), TokParenthesis(Round,Close) -> skip' d 2; Ok(f r)
        | _ -> Error [fst a, ExpectedUnit]
    else
        Error []
```

Let me try it like this. At least now I know how VS Code handles overlapping errors - properly.

2:05pm. Yeah, that fixed it. And the thing still runs.

```fs
pipe2 (tdop Int32.MinValue)
    (opt (skip_op ":" >>. (fun d -> root_type {root_type_defaults with allow_term=d.is_top_down=false; allow_wildcard=d.is_top_down} d)))
    (fun a -> function Some b -> RawAnnot(range_of_expr a +. range_of_texpr b,a,b) | _ -> a)
    d
```

Whops, this should have been whether to allow wildcard instead of metavars.

2:20pm.

```fs
let env : BlockParsing.Env = {comments = comments; tokens = Array.concat tokens; i = ref 0; is_top_down = false}
```

Now, let me parse with `is_top_down = true`.

2:25pm. Everything works beautifully.

2:45pm. Right now I am refining the vision in my mind.

3:20pm. Instead of listening to music and doing aggressive head tilting in this seat here, I think I'll step away from the screen for a bit.

I am having some inspiration. It is true that I thought about this a lot weeks ago, but as expected practice is forcing me to make changes. I think that way I have in mind now will be easier than what I had in mind originally.

Previously I had in mind a somewhat convoluted way of doing it with messages going back and forth between the supervisor and the file servers, but now I see I can streamline things radically.

5:10pm. I spent a good while in bed. Ok, I got it. I have both the plan and motivation to execute it now.

5:15pm. I am still working out some details.

```fs
type Block<'a> = {block: LineToken [] []; offset: int; meta: 'a}
```

Let me remove this generic. I will be turning blocks into streams after I bundle them.

```fs
let block_separate (lines : LineToken [] ResizeArray) (blocks : _ Block list) (edit : SpiEdit) =
```

Rather than keep calling it blockizer, what I will do is call it a block separator.

5:20pm.

```fs
open Spiral.BlockParsing
type Block = {block: LineToken [] []; offset: int; parsed: Result<TopStatement, (Range * ParserErrors) list>}
```

Yeah, this is good. When I made this I was not sure what I would be returning from the parser, but now I do so I can make this part cleaner.

5:25pm. I am not really sure whether I feel like doing this work right now, but I'll give it a try.

```fs
type TopStatement =
    | TopAnd of Range * TopStatement
    | TopInl of Range * VarString * RawExpr
    | TopUnion of Range * TypeVar list * RawTExpr list
    | TopNominal of Range * TypeVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopPrototype of Range * VarString * VarString * TypeVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopType of Range * VarString * TypeVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopInstance of Range * VarString * VarString * TypeVar list * RawExpr
```

Let me streamline this...

Actually...isn't this fine? Why not make the block bundle a list of a list of these top level statements?

5:30pm.

```fs
let block_bundle (prev : Block list list) (l : Block list) =
```

Yeah, I do not feel like doing too much right now. Let me just break the ice. Let me bundle the blocks.

Actually, let me get rid of the prev argument as well. I do not feel like dealing with it right away.

5:35pm. Ah damn. Amongst the top level statements I failed to make the distinction between recursive and non-recursive ones.

```fs
let top_inl_or_let_process = function
    | (r,PatVar(_,name),(RawForall _ | RawFun _ as body)),_ -> Ok(TopInl(r,name,body))
    | (r,PatVar _,_),_ -> Error [r, ExpectedGlobalFunction]
    | (_,x,_),_ -> Error [range_of_pattern x, ExpectedVarOrOpAsNameOfGlobalStatement]
```

Guess I better make use of that first argument.

```fs
let top_inl_or_let_process = function
    | (r,PatVar(_,name),(RawForall _ | RawFun _ as body)),false -> Ok(TopInl(r,name,body))
    | (r,PatVar(_,name),(RawForall _ | RawFun _ as body)),true -> Ok(TopRecInl(r,name,body))
    | (r,PatVar _,_),_ -> Error [r, ExpectedGlobalFunction]
    | (_,x,_),_ -> Error [range_of_pattern x, ExpectedVarOrOpAsNameOfGlobalStatement]
```

Easy change.

Now I can keep going.

```fs
let rec block_bundle (l : TopStatement list) =
    match l with
    | (TopInl _ as x) :: x' -> x :: block_bundle x'
```

Actually, let me make this the bundler for a single merged block.

```fs
let block_bundle (l : TopStatement list) =
    let rec and_inls = function
        | TopAnd(_, TopRecInl _ & x) :: x' ->
            let rest, x' = and_inls x'
            x :: rest, x'
        | TopAnd _ :: x' -> failwith "Recursive inl/let statements cannot be mixed with recursive type definitions."
        | l -> [], l

    match l with
    | (TopInl _ as x) :: x' -> [x], x'
    | (TopRecInl _ as x) :: x' ->
        let rest, x' = and_inls x'
        x :: rest, x'
```

This is the first part. Let me turn this into a proper error.

```fs
let top_statement s =
    let (+) = alt (index s)
    (top_inl_or_let + top_union + top_nominal + top_prototype + top_type + top_instance + top_and_inl_or_let + top_and_nominal + top_and_union) s
```

I need a `top_and_type` for completeness here.

```fs
let inline top_and_template f = restore 1 (range (skip_keyword SpecAnd >>. f)) |>> TopAnd
let top_and_type = top_and_template top_type
let top_and_nominal = top_and_template top_nominal
let top_and_union = top_and_template top_union
```

Here is some streamlining.

6:10pm.

```fs
let block_bundle (l : TopStatement list) =
    let inline map_fst f (a,b) = f a, b
    let cons x l = l |> map_fst (Result.map (fun rest -> x :: rest))
    let rec and_inls = function
        | TopAnd(_, TopRecInl _ & x) :: x' -> and_inls x' |> cons x
        | TopAnd(r,_) :: x' -> Error [r, "Recursive inl/let statements cannot be mixed with recursive type definitions."], x'
        | l -> Ok [], l
    let rec and_types = function
        | TopAnd(_, (TopType _ | TopNominal _ | TopUnion _) & x) :: x' -> and_types x' |> cons x
        | TopAnd(r,_) :: x' -> Error [r, "Recursive type definitions cannot be mixed with recursive inl/let statements."], x'
        | l -> Ok [], l

    match l with
    | TopAnd(r, _) :: x' -> Error [r, "Invalid `and` statement."], x'
    | (TopRecInl _ as x) :: x' -> and_inls x' |> cons x
    | (TopType _ | TopNominal _ | TopUnion _ as x) :: x' -> and_types x' |> cons x
    | x :: x' -> Ok [x], x'
    | [] -> failwith "Compiler error: Empty lists are invalid inputs to this function."
```

Good enough as an ice breaker.

I am going to have to do much more if I want to get this into proper shape though.

6:20pm. Let me stop here. I've already started slacking and no way do I feel like doing anything else.

In the past 11 days there have been a ridiculous amount of commits to the Project Brutality master, so I am really enjoying that. I did not think much of Slaughterfest 2012 while I was playing it with other mods, but this feels just right. In sveltering summer, I slaughter demons in hell."

---
## [jonpryor/java.interop](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop)@[eb23fb99aa...](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop/commit/eb23fb99aa744906407f486055903e3e906a7ab1)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 16:24:55 by Jonathan Pryor

[java-source-utils] Add Java source code utilities

Context: https://github.com/javaparser/javaparser/tree/javaparser-parent-3.16.1

There are two parts of the current `.jar` binding toolchain which are
painful and could be improved:

 1. Parameter names
 2. Documentation extraction

Parameter names (1) are important because they become the names of
event members as part of ["event-ification"][0].  As such they are
semantically important, and the default behavior of "p0" makes for a
terrible user experience.

*If* the `.class` files in the `.jar` file are built with
`javac -parameters` (4273e5ce), then the `.class` file will contain
parameter names and we're good.  However, this may not be the case.

If the `.class` files are built with `javac -g`, then we'll try to
deduce parameter names from debug info, but that's also problematic.

What else can be used to provide parameter names?

It is not unusual for Java libraries to provide "source `.jar`" files,
e.g. Android provides `android-stubs-src.jar` files, and other
libraries may provide a `*-sources.jar` file.  The contents of these
files are *Java source code*.  These files are used by Android IDEs to
provide documentation for the Java library.  They contain classes,
methods, parameter names, and associated Javadoc documentation.

What they are *not* guaranteed to do is *compile*.  As such, we can't
compile them ourselves with `javac -parameters` and then process the
`.class` files, as they may refer to unresolvable types.

"Interestingly", we *already* have some tooling to deal with this:
`tools/param-name-importer` uses a custom Irony grammar to parse
the Android SDK `*-stubs-src.jar` files to grab parameter names.
However, this tooling is *too strict*; try to pass arbitrary Java
source code at it, and it quickly fails.

Which brings us to documentation (2): we have a [javadoc2mdoc][1] tool
which will parse Javadoc HTML documentation and convert it into
[**mdoc**(5)][2] documentation, which can be later turned into
[XML documentation comments][3] files by way of
[**mdoc export-msxdoc**(1)][4], but this tool is (1) painful to
maintain, because it processes Javadoc *HTML*, and
(2) *requires Javadoc HTML*.

Google hasn't updated their downloadable Javadoc `.zip` file since
API-24 (2016-October).  API-30 is currently stable.

If we want newer docs, we either need to scrape the
developer.android.com/reference website to use with the existing
tooling, or...  we need to be able to read the Javadoc comments within
the `*-stubs-src.jar` files provided with the Android SDK.
(Note: Android SDK docs are Apache 2; file format conversion is fine.)

We thus have two use-cases for which parsing Java source code would
be useful..

As luck would have it, there's a decent Apache 2-licensed Java project
which supports parsing Java source code: [JavaParser][5].

Add a new `tools/java-source-utils` program which will parse Java
source code to produce two artifacts: parameter names and
consolidated Javadoc documentation:

	$ java -jar java-source-utils.jar --help
	java-source-utils [-v] [<-a|--aar> AAR]* [<-j|--jar> JAR]* [<-s|--source> DIRS]*
		[--bootclasspath CLASSPATH]
		[<-P|--output-params> OUT.params.txt] [<-D|--output-javadocs> OUT.xml] FILES

Provide `--output-params OUT.params.txt`, and the specified file will
be created which follows the file format laid out in
[`JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs`][6]:

	package java.lang
	;---------------------------------------
	  class Object
	    wait(long timeout)

Provide `--output-javadocs OUT.xml`, and the resulting file will be a
`class-parse`-like XML file which uses `//@jni-signature` as the "key"
and a child `<javadoc/>` element to contain documentation, e.g.:

	<api api-source="java-source-utils">
	  <package name="java.lang">
	    <class name="Object" jni-signature="Ljava/lang/Object;">
	      <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      <constructor jni-signature="()V">
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </constructor>
	      <method name="wait" jni-signature="(J)V" jni-returns="V" returns="void">
	        <parameter name="name" jni-type="J" type="long" />
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </method>
	    </class>
	  </package
	</api>

This should make it possible to update the Xamarin.Android API
documentation without resorting to web scraping (and updating the code
to deal with whatever new HTML dialects are now used).

If neither `--output-params` nor `--output-javadocs` is used, then
`--output-javadocs` will be executed, writing to stdout.

The XML file *also* contains parameter name information, so that one
file can be the "source of truth" for parameter names and
documentation.

`FILES` can be:

  * Java source code in a `.java` file; or
  * A file with a `.jar` or `.zip` extension, which will be extracted
    into a temp directory and all `.java` files within the directory
    will be processed; or
  * A directory tree, and all `.java` files will be processed.

If a single file references other types, the "root" directory containing
those types may need to be specified via `--source DIR`:

	$ java -jar "bin/Debug/java-source-utils.jar" -v \
	  -s $HOMEandroid-toolchain/sdk/platforms/_t  \
	  $HOME/android-toolchain/sdk/platforms/_t/android/app/Activity.java \
	  -P android.params.txt -D android.xml >o.txt 2>&1

TODO:

In some scenarios, types won't be resolvable.  What should output be?

We don't want to *require* that everything be resolvable -- it's painful, and
possibly impossible, e.g. w/ internal types -- so instead we should "demark"
the unresolvable types.

`.params.txt` output will use `.*` as a type prefix, e.g.

	method(.*UnresolvableType foo, int bar);

`docs.xml` will output `L.*UnresolvableType;`.

Fix JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs to support the above.

[0]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/internals/api-design#events-and-listeners
[1]: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/tree/d48cf04f9749664bf48fc16bcb920d5d941cccab/tools/javadoc2mdoc
[2]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc(5)
[3]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/xmldoc/
[4]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc-export-msxdoc(1)
[5]: https://javaparser.org
[6]: https://github.com/xamarin/java.interop/blob/93df5a200e7b6f1b5add451aff66bbcb24293720/src/Xamarin.Android.Tools.Bytecode/JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs#L45-L68

---
## [CanaryProject/canary-server](https://github.com/CanaryProject/canary-server)@[48c6e8ceeb...](https://github.com/CanaryProject/canary-server/commit/48c6e8ceeb6a75e710c2b53c36db6d841073d578)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 21:43:12 by Lucas Grossi

Removed fucking stupid out of standard challange message. :facepalm

---
## [Ouranosinc/raven](https://github.com/Ouranosinc/raven)@[6e56ed1bff...](https://github.com/Ouranosinc/raven/commit/6e56ed1bff2f0c056c65b98bf3f5635a626f6286)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 22:12:55 by Long Vu

Merge pull request #293 from Ouranosinc/fix-rtd-silent-build-failure-in-autodoc-directive

Fix RtD silent build failure in autodoc directive.

This PR fixes RtD silent build failure in autodoc directive.  The process list https://pavics-sdi.readthedocs.io/projects/raven/en/latest/processes.html is currently empty and it's not supposed to be like that.  We never got alerted because it's failing silently.

Fixed RtD build: https://pavics-sdi.readthedocs.io/projects/raven/en/test-rtd-build/processes.html and matching RtD build log https://readthedocs.org/api/v2/build/11555558.txt (commit baba22fe182ca7757ae75f746d1529ff69a22586)

Changes:

* Turn RtD warnings to build failure so they do not fail silently.

* Change Travis-CI build config to also build Epub and Latex doc format to catch RtD failure on Travis-CI before PR is merged.

* Various changes to remove all warnings in doc build since warnings will now fail the doc build.

Unrelated changes part of this PR (sorry !):

* Refresh cookiecutter (first commit in this PR is technically not part of the intended fix of this PR).

* Remove Travis-CI directive to only build `master` branch so all dev branch gets build on Travis-CI.  Otherwise we either have to create a PR when branch is not even ready or hardcode branch name in `.travis.yml` and have to remember to remove it at the end, very annoying.  See comment in https://github.com/Ouranosinc/raven/pull/292#discussion_r460044455

## Additional Information

Matching cookiecutter PR https://github.com/bird-house/cookiecutter-birdhouse/pull/96

@richardarsenault You are probably not interested in the low level details in this PR.  I just want to draw your attention to the fact that I found 2 notebooks missing in the toctree (Region_selection.ipynb, Running_models_with_multiple_timeseries_files.ipynb).  I added them to the end of the toctree, wonder if you are okay with the ordering or these 2 notebooks were intended to not appear in the doc.

---
## [j1ng3r/neon-prison](https://github.com/j1ng3r/neon-prison)@[317c22db3a...](https://github.com/j1ng3r/neon-prison/commit/317c22db3a752780d6b6ed193d4009d928f4a9bc)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 23:27:34 by coalpha

Maxi Pain

I don't get why es6 doesn't support mutating things you import.
I actually do but it's still annoying and dumb. No wonder that
eslint rule exists. It's to stop me from wasting my time.

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[28a063c47a...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/28a063c47a9df6af99f828087aabc88d54c2c7d6)
#### Wednesday 2020-07-29 23:44:36 by Saqib Ali

Senior Data Scientist - Natural Language Processing (NLP) at The Straits Network - AI/ML Jobs. Data Scientist at Siemens AG - AI/ML Jobs. Job Application for Data Scientist at Postmates. Sr. Data Scientist - IoT BigData Jobs. Entry Level - Associate Data Scientist | IBM | Handshake. Publishers Lunch Job Board: Assoc. Director, Data Science / Artificial Intelligence (#25711). Senior Data Scientist (open for remote) - FindHotel. Life Actuary/Data Scientist  PR11128 job with Pryor Personnel Agency, Inc. | 6478297. IDDjobs — Data Scientist working full-time on a variety of COVID-19 mathematical modeling projects at Chan Zuckerberg Biohub in San Francisco. — Chan Zuckerberg Biohub. Lead Data Scientist - Customer Journey Product.

---

# [<](2020-07-28.md) 2020-07-29 [>](2020-07-30.md)

