# [<](2020-09-25.md) 2020-09-26 [>](2020-09-27.md)

1,887,181 events, 1,077,538 push events, 1,464,514 commit messages, 88,631,800 characters


## [ukon1990/wow-auction-helper](https://github.com/ukon1990/wow-auction-helper)@[3477d2c335...](https://github.com/ukon1990/wow-auction-helper/commit/3477d2c3354f2d33f704f177978e451b23767e1f)
#### Saturday 2020-09-26 08:56:55 by Ukon1990

Fixes: Default dashboards and "server" performance improvements

Default dashboards:
Previously, there were generated default dashboards for all professions. But I forgot to take professions with no recipes into consideration. So they are no longer included by default. I'm sorry for the confusion it might have caused, having the herbalism, archeology boards might have caused.

Serverside changes:
So I have noticed that between 03-06 CET, the database have been having some performance issues. At this time the auction house statistics would bottle up, causing auction houses no longer to update. I am sorry for the annoyance this must have caused to those whom use the application at that time.

I have made some changes, that should make sure that this will no longer happen. But I won't know for sure until tomorrow morning (CET).

---
## [albert118/Automated-Finances](https://github.com/albert118/Automated-Finances)@[8738a72b05...](https://github.com/albert118/Automated-Finances/commit/8738a72b05cc8f6dd1dc64471695ea062507173d)
#### Saturday 2020-09-26 09:00:25 by theQuantumMechanic

Function comment of account data adjusted for clarity.

TEST ACCOUNT NAME CHANGE FOR GIT. - this is from a rebase and i honestly
don't remember or care to check what it was. But ima leave it cause it's
history.

Removed redundant utility scripts.

Changed AccountData API logic!! AccountData now calls setExpenditures, setSavings and setIncomes from arbitrary data arg. Each call will parse the data param (either a df or dict) then concat a new txObject recordlist dataframe to the existing data. This means that data can be arbitrarily passed in from any source of dataframes or dicts (csvs, xlsx, in memory dicts, processed frames, etc.). This is a culminative process currently and doesn't account for duplicatation or repeated calls!!

These changes also mean that the AccountData class can be almost directly imported into a database of three tables with minimal effort! Simply add keys!

Perhaps future development will convert this class to a model...
Django and REACT foreshadowing... xD

Also updated docs along the way for module changes accordingly.

Bug fix for filtering correct expenditure, savings and incomes txObjects from raw data.

Finalised module update. 'API' now end-to-end running with correct outputs.
Even though this isn't a proper API yet, that will come.... ;)

Updated core module documentation. Added several new graphing methods. Updated naming semantics in graphing core module. Addded the about section in docs from README.md in base dir. Updated the core module docs with the old README.md in the src/core/ dir.

Minor doc fixes (typos and writing clarity).

Fixed naming for core.graphing not being updated in accountdata. Fixed core.images bytesIO buffer typo. Fixed semantic warning on lines 73-75 of graphing.Graphing_PieChart

Fixed expenditure graphing issue that hid piechart.

Fixed a few formatting issues for pie charts and various spacing issues for legends (legends obscured pie charts).

Updated integration for ADP payroll data. Fixed graph formatting and integrated tables of incomes, savings and expenditures into the report for manual review easily!

Added time sorting and aggregation utility to core util's. Moved getPayslips to paychecks module.

Full fiscal year bank data tested (locally and with @Jayden's help too). timeManips fix adds timeManips_timestampConvert to seperate conversion from aggregation operations. Updated paycheck_integrator to paychecks module (expecting future upgrades to module from other paycheck sources).

Updates to savings for easier viz (moved labels around, etc.). Added rent category to fix missing data issue.

Clean up and Minor Debugging: Debugged category options, timeManips issue (when timeManips_groupbyTimeFreq and timeManips_timestampConvert are used sequentially, raised AttributeError). Tweaked legend designs on all graphs to ensure visibility. Cleaned up viz. for expenditure History and savings overview by applying monthly aggregations. Added extra categories and tweaked primary income display.

Removed legacy code for readability. These were mainly commented out
anyway and old demo or shitty test code before I new testing frameworks
were a thing.

requirements.txt updated for new modules as per @Jayden's notes.

Comments and TODOs after set up tests with @Jayden's help (attempted
local install and run).

Paycheck markdown doc.

Updated import style for testing purposes.

Added accountdata testing.

Added report testing and updated report module to save report in dir given by arg.

Report test added

Added paycheck default filename guess (today's date) as optional arg. Added paychecks_test module.

Updated gitignore to ignore design specs folder locally.

Added tests folder for backend script testing. Tests for CBA scraper and environConfig added.

Initial server setup commit

Initial frontend setup commit

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[782c77ab65...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/782c77ab6575bac106ae0fb88b74736957b1cccf)
#### Saturday 2020-09-26 09:52:13 by Marko Grdinić

"10:30am. This sucks. My sleep last night was horrible, I got up this late and I realized that I made a huge mistake yesterday. I completely forgot about the constructors for nominals and unions yesterday!

Gah. I can't move on to the partial evaluator until I deal with this. Had I remembered I still had this left, I would definitely have made it my focus yesterday. It would have been a great use of my time.

10:35am. Agh, to make matters worse what I would prefer today is to also add a join point on the type level. I do not want to constantly have to re-eval large nominals and such. It would be better if they were memoized.

10:50am. Ah, screw worrying about this. I'll do it one step at a time as usual.

First let me relax. Let me do my morning reading and then I'll have breakfast. Then I'll forget about the partial evaluator for today until I complete the prepass.

11am. During the night I've been thinking quite a bit on how to do the negotiations. I am going to aim for 3k per month in support from each of the companies. And later on I will try to find a way to push that up to 6k or even more. Well it all depends on how much work support ends up being and other factors.

11:10am. I am not experienced enough to handle negotiations skillfully.

I mean who knows how far I can push, 6k, 9k? Maybe even more.

But it is certain that if I try pushing, my greed will backfire on me and I will just end up alienating my sponsors. So rather than pretending I am 10/10 in negotiation, I'll let the circumstances themselves dictate the progress.

11:15am. Rather than trying to maximize money which will leave me in weak circumstances, it is minimizing work (through maximizing money) that will give me a strong foundation to work with. As long as I do not forget that, I won't get lost.

The principle of this is simple - pretty much everyone will want to send me samples in order to do free work for them. As I raise the price, the amount of available work will go down. I just have to pick a point I am comfortable.

11:20am. Work - it is the amount of work available that will chiefly influence price.

Throughout 2021 my main job will be to create the demand for Spiral.

If I play this right it is quite doable for me to start making >500k per year and even over 1m. A few years of that and I will never have to worry about income again. I will have my trading stake should I want to try the stock market again.

11:25am. I mean I might have failed - I'll admit that there are people who could turn thousands into millions trading. I am just not good enough for that. But over 6 years of experience brainstorming about the market has given me a feel for it.

I think that if I now pick a longer term trend following approach that I could do very well for myself indeed. It is not too hard to pick the right groups and sectors to bet on and it is not hard to avoid bear markets. It is not hard to bet bigger in the right spots. I have a trading plan that actually makes sense based on significant experience. I'd have no trouble executing it.

11:30am. That would have been beutiful, if I wasn't trying to make Skynet in order to fuse with it here. A long term trend following approach would be great if I wasn't expecting humanity to go extinct in the next 10-20 years. Dollars won't help me where I am going.

In reality, I am going to have to sacrifice income in order to maximize my power. Rather than stock I need to get both those elite players, and find a way to neatly interface them with the real world. Once I have that, I'll be able to make millions per year just from crushing online game tournaments.

If I can make those interfaces good enough, I could target the really big tourneys as well.

11:35am. Chess tourneys have cameras glued to the players everywhere, but there are well known games like Dota which haven't been conquered by bots yet and do not have such extreme lengths to prevent AI usage. Poker is somewhere in the middle - if I get cought there I'll lose my entire account, but the risk is worth it.

I can also target rooms other than Stars which will have weaker defenses.

Doing those interfaces - virtualizing the entire computer for the AI to use is definitely a significant challenge that I am going to have to face at some point. Elite players will come before that.

At the end of it though even chess will be broken. Having camera in your face seems like an impossible hurdle, but I do not even need to put chips in my head to get around it. A sufficiently advanced AI could just create a video of me playing in real time. Once that level is reached, the anti-AI defense will be broken this time for good.

The only way to get around it for either chess or poker will be to put the players in a physical location and monitor them. At that point, the only way to break that defense will be to turn your brain into computronium.

And once you have that power, beating dinky little games will be the least of your goals.

11:40am. I am going to dedicate 2020s to hard work. I'll do my best to accept the loneliness. The demonic path accepts no compromises.

https://m.wuxiaworld.co/Reverend-Insanity/1154415.html

///

First gen Gu Yue laughed with even more joy; suddenly, he stopped laughing and turned towards Lord Sky Crane, speaking with a voice filled with hatred, "Junior brother, you never thought there would be a day like this, right?! We were both orphans raised by the master. But since young, master always pampered you more. Why? Isn’t it because your aptitude is A grade and mine is only C grade?"

"Naturally, with your A grade aptitude, your cultivation progressed much faster. Did you know, with my C grade aptitude, how much sweat and effort I had to put in compared to you, just barely be able to match with your pace? Although we were called the Twin Cranes of Righteous Paths - you were always the main and I the second. You were like the brightest star, just because you were an A grade genius!"

"Even your luck was good and you obtained one of the true inheritances of Blood Sea ancestor. Blood Skull Gu could purify the blood of the relatives killed and pour them into the aperture, upgrading it. Did you know what my mood was like at the time? I thought day and night, thinking of countless schemes. I knew the Blood Skull Gu was my only hope; with it, I could change my life, change my fate!"

"But it is mine, MINE!" Lord Sky Crane was so angry that he stamped his feet repeatedly.

"Yes, it is yours." First gen Gu Yue nodded, "Your aptitude is great and your luck is also great. Clearly, we started out at the same time, killing enemies together, but the heavens only appreciated you, giving you the true inheritance. Did you know, when I looked at your proud expression and listened to you talking about your future plans, when I was forcing myself to smile, I suddenly realized."

"The heavens favored you, gave you A grade aptitude and the true blood sea inheritance. But what could I do about it? I was only an insignificant C grade talent, so how could I succeed just by relying on myself? I could only seize, rob! Change what wasn’t mine to become mine! The fate that heaven had planned for me was to let me bow under someone, making me a shadow behind others! But I am indignant, for on what basis did he put me below and you above?" First gen Gu Yue actually seemed to be weeping and whimpering at the end.

Blood wight zombie’s appearance was extremely terrifying, and adding on to this strange sound, anyone who heard it would feel coldness seep into their bones.

"Since the heavens don’t favor me, master doesn’t love me, other people don’t value me - I can only love myself more, I can only value myself more, I can only rely on myself more. I can only put in more effort, I can only take more risks, I can only exert myself more! Only then can I succeed! But the righteous path talks of moral codes, ethics, comradeship, qualifications, hierarchy. I am only a lone person, a nobody with no background, no talent and no resources. So tell me, how could I succeed?"

"With the righteous path, I could only let myself be exploited and bullied, I could only look up to these young masters and geniuses. Even if I kept on increasing my qualifications until I got old, I would only achieve minute success. This is the righteous path… a bullshit path!"

"Only by becoming a demon, forsaking ethics, comradeship, the social rules and paying a huge price, I could take another path among the thorns and brambles, a path that belonged to myself! So, I schemed against you, seized your blood sea true inheritance and became a demon. Haha, and a demon I became!"

///

11:50am. Let me have breakfast here. I just keep wasting time. I am going to focus once it is time to start."

---
## [EvolveJS/EvolveJS](https://github.com/EvolveJS/EvolveJS)@[6b9af1ecff...](https://github.com/EvolveJS/EvolveJS/commit/6b9af1ecff0266c666562b1e0ae8d56e91802082)
#### Saturday 2020-09-26 10:56:50 by ronit

Fucking idiot Github Actions, never works, absolute shitpiece, they have useless trash syntax

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6532e2ad12...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6532e2ad128496ee415c3af6efda3380b02af3db)
#### Saturday 2020-09-26 16:22:24 by Marko Grdinić

"3:25pm. Done with slacking and chores. I kind of feel that is inexcusable that I started reading RI during my work hours, but screw that.

Whether it be negotiations or money or computer upgrades, all of that lies in the future. It is of no concern to me right now.

Today my main concern should be the partial evaluator. I am only a mortal so a little bit of concern is the most I spare every day.

Let me take care of the data structures. After that maybe I'll take a nap for the rest of the day.

As I said, tonight I really had a hard time falling sleep. And realizing that I forgot to do the constructors messed up my momentum for today. I feel a sense of lethargy.

But let me start this thing and I'll see how it goes from there.

3:35pm.

```fs
and [<ReferenceEquality>] T =
```

Can't forget to make `E` and `T` ref equal.

4pm.

```fs
module Spiral.PartEval

open System
open Spiral.Prepass

type Tag = int
type [<CustomComparison;CustomEquality>] T<'a,'b when 'a: equality and 'a: comparison> =
    | T of 'a * 'b

    override a.Equals(b) =
        match b with
        | :? T<'a,'b> as b -> match a,b with T(a,_), T(b,_) -> a = b
        | _ -> false
    override a.GetHashCode() = match a with T(a,_) -> hash a
    interface IComparable with
        member a.CompareTo(b) =
            match b with
            | :? T<'a,'b> as b -> match a,b with T(a,_), T(b,_) -> compare a b
            | _ -> raise <| ArgumentException "Invalid comparison for T."

type StackSize = int
type Macro = Text of string | Type of Ty
and Ty =
    | YB
    | YPair of Ty * Ty
    | YSymbol of string
    | YTypeFunction of T< {|body : T; ty : Ty []|}, {|ty : StackSize|} >
    | YRecord of Map<string, Ty>
    | YPrim of Config.PrimitiveType
    | YArray of Ty
    | YFunction of Ty * Ty
    | YMacro of Macro
    | YNominal of int
    | YApply of Ty * Ty
and Data =
    | DB
    | DPair of Data * Data
    | DSymbol of string
    | DFunction of T< {|body : E; term : Data []; ty : Ty []|}, {|term : StackSize; ty : StackSize|} >
    | DForall of T< {|body : E; term : Data []; ty : Ty []|}, {|term : StackSize; ty : StackSize|} >
    | DRecord of Map<string, Data>
    | DLit of Tokenize.Literal
    | DV of TyV
and TyV = T<Tag,Ty>
```

I am surprised how quickly time goes. It did not feel like going over this took me half an hour.

4pm. Ok...how do I feel about this?

...Forgot the optional type signature for function.

4:05pm. Change of plans.

```fs
    | DFunction of L< {|body : E; term : Data []; ty : Ty []; annot : T option|}, {|term : StackSize; ty : StackSize|} >
    | DForall of L< {|body : E; term : Data []; ty : Ty []|}, {|term : StackSize; ty : StackSize|} >
```

This is not good. I do not like this. The right choice was to have a special `EFreeVars` node after all.

Let me go back to the prepass...

```fs
    | EFun' of Range * FreeVars * Id * E * T option
    | EForall' of Range * FreeVars * Id * E
    | EJoinPoint' of Range * FreeVars * E * T option
```

In the prepass I am assuming that `T option` here use the `FreeVars` in scope, but what if instead the optional annotations use the outside scope?

4:35pm. This is actually quite tougher than I expected.

Before I start I need to think of how exactly I intend to implement data_to_ty. Unlike before, I am going to have to do closure conversion right away for functions.

Compared to the prototype and the previous versions of Spiral, closure conversion is the biggest change this time around.

```fs
type Tag = int
type [<CustomComparison;CustomEquality>] L<'a,'b when 'a: equality and 'a: comparison> =
    | L of 'a * 'b

    override a.Equals(b) =
        match b with
        | :? L<'a,'b> as b -> match a,b with T(a,_), T(b,_) -> a = b
        | _ -> false
    override a.GetHashCode() = match a with T(a,_) -> hash a
    interface IComparable with
        member a.CompareTo(b) =
            match b with
            | :? L<'a,'b> as b -> match a,b with T(a,_), T(b,_) -> compare a b
            | _ -> raise <| ArgumentException "Invalid comparison for T."

type StackSize = int
type Macro = Text of string | Type of Ty
and Ty =
    | YUnit
    | YPair of Ty * Ty
    | YSymbol of string
    | YTypeFunction of body : T * ty : Ty [] * ty_stack_size : StackSize
    | YRecord of Map<string, Ty>
    | YPrim of Config.PrimitiveType
    | YArray of Ty
    | YFunction of Ty * Ty
    | YMacro of Macro
    | YNominal of int
    | YApply of Ty * Ty
and Data =
    | DUnit
    | DPair of Data * Data
    | DSymbol of string
    | DFunction of body : E * term : Data [] * ty : Ty [] * annot : T option * term_stack_size : StackSize * ty_stack_size : StackSize
    | DForall of body : E * term : Data [] * ty : Ty [] * term_stack_size : StackSize * ty_stack_size : StackSize
    | DRecord of Map<string, Data>
    | DLit of Tokenize.Literal
    | DV of TyV
and TyV = L<Tag,Ty>
```

Let me do it like this. I can't use `L` as it requires the comparison constraint.

I had an urge previously to change the scope of free variables in functions, but actually the way I have it now is correct.

I am really getting nothing from evaluating the annotations right away.

Yes, it is true that during closure conversion I would need to allocate the local envs just to evaluate the annotation. But whne I got the urge it slipped my mind that right afterwards I would reuse them to eval the body.

The only place where function annotions will matter is closure convertion.

The situation is similar to how it is in join points.

In join points, suppose the annotation needs to be evaled right away using the current env. That would make concurrent evaluation of join points more difficult - in such a case an extra copy would be needed. Whereas the way I am doing things right now is ideal.

4:55pm. I think I am perfectly satisfied with the above. I also need `RData` as well. I need to think about hash consing.

Ah, right I forgot the layout types.

```fs
| YLayout of Ty * BlockParsing.Layout
```

Added this one.

Yeah, now I am set as far as types are concerned.

5pm. Lunch will be soon. I'll deal with hash consing after that. Let check the the new Toji trailer.

*

5:05pm.

```fs
    | RFunction of body : E * annot : T option * term : Data [] * ty : Ty [] * term_stack_size : StackSize * ty_stack_size : StackSize
    | RForall of body : E * term : Data [] * ty : Ty [] * term_stack_size : StackSize * ty_stack_size : StackSize
```

Ahhhh, I can just remove the stack size here!

5:10pm.

```fs
and RData =
    | RUnit
    | RPair of ConsedNode<RData * RData>
    | RSymbol of string
    | RFunction of ConsedNode<E * T option * RData [] * Ty []>
    | RForall of ConsedNode<E * RData [] * Ty []>
    | RRecord of ConsedNode<Map<string, RData>>
    | RLit of Tokenize.Literal
    | RV of ConsedNode<TyV>
```

The reason why I previously needed the stack size here is because of reified join points. Now that they will be static, I can just trim some of that data. Great.

5:25pm. Done with lunch. It seems I will have a chore to do soon so that will be it for the day.

It is really great to be able to remove features from the language. I will take out reified join points and replace a lot of their functionality with top down type inference.

Right now, instead of having global hash consing, I will allocate a table for every join point. That will make things more efficient.

Mhhhh...that having said, what exactly was my plan for dealing with individual keys in join points?

I know I did some thinking on that subject, but I can't recall right now.

5:40pm. Ok, I recall it now. All I need is for the keys to be weak and I will get incremental compialtion of join points for pretty much free. I won't bother with this right now. I'll save it for when there is a decent pile of code and the turn to make it concurrent has arrived. No point in optimizing compilation speed right now.

5:45pm. Let me continue using the existing hash cons table. No reason to consider a switch.

5:55pm. I am done for the day here. I'll continue this tomorrow. I wanted to get more done today, but I need to do some other things now. There is no point in pushing things.

Tomorrow I will bring in the rest of the data structures such as the language environment.

```fs
| RFunction of ConsedNode<E * T option * RData [] * Ty []>
```

Actually, I do not even need the `T option`. Whether the function has a type annotation is entirely reliant on the body. This is another furtuitous decision during the prepass."

---

# [<](2020-09-25.md) 2020-09-26 [>](2020-09-27.md)

