# [<](2020-10-31.md) 2020-11-01 [>](2020-11-02.md)

162,668 events, 99,221 push events, 135,572 commit messages, 7,775,288 characters


## [xadibitanx/AWS-and-Terraform](https://github.com/xadibitanx/AWS-and-Terraform)@[8ec75a52e9...](https://github.com/xadibitanx/AWS-and-Terraform/commit/8ec75a52e956872a8fd241193f6d1dc5fd0a9d5f)
#### Sunday 2020-11-01 22:00:52 by xadibitanx

Create Homework2

My lovley homework made by me with tears and love.

---
## [Amunak/Aurora.3](https://github.com/Amunak/Aurora.3)@[8e453aae78...](https://github.com/Amunak/Aurora.3/commit/8e453aae78d1743b8ab0189f880da1c155d5e8bf)
#### Sunday 2020-11-01 23:04:17 by Jiří Barouš

Nofall, Godmode, Bstech changes (#10404)


    'NOFALL' is now a status flag instead of being a var specific to BSTechs. It allows the mob to move between Z-levels and through empty space; even to 'fly up' against gravity. However the tech can no longer use this to 'phase into' matter if there is something above them.
    ...for that you want to use Ruin-Everything instead: incorporeal movement now has an additional type that's (still) just like a ninja's, but it also allows you to move between Z-levels.
    Adds the anti-gravity verb to the Bluespace Robot preset and starts them with 'NOFALL' on.
    When using 'GODMODE' you will no longer take damage when you fall; instead a cool message will be shown and a quiet thump will be played.
    'GODMODE' now protects you from the awful effects of running - you can run indefinitely and won't take damage from it.
    Thanks to the above changes the BST is now self-contained in a single file (well except for the robot preset).
    To facilitate the above changes several godmode and incorporeal checks have been added (mostly to movement procs). It cuts on some extra proc overrides and type checks. Also results in a more 'natural' experience when using NOFALL, GODMODE or incorporeal movement.
    Changed incorporeal values to defines.
    Added a "darkvision" mode for the BST goggles.
    I also updated some of the BST verbs to be more descriptive.

---

# [<](2020-10-31.md) 2020-11-01 [>](2020-11-02.md)

