# [<](2020-08-27.md) 2020-08-28 [>](2020-08-29.md)

149,406 events, 80,213 push events, 120,083 commit messages, 9,753,552 characters


## [conradbeach/food-storage-inventory](https://github.com/conradbeach/food-storage-inventory)@[69833b2d09...](https://github.com/conradbeach/food-storage-inventory/commit/69833b2d0900c63db19537f05cb61818b1aa91d1)
#### Friday 2020-08-28 22:00:17 by Conrad Beach

feature: Make destroying items more epic

As requested by my lovely wife, destroying items is now a more epic
experience.

---
## [SonderMindOrg/sober_swag](https://github.com/SonderMindOrg/sober_swag)@[3c93938c12...](https://github.com/SonderMindOrg/sober_swag/commit/3c93938c12bfbc684692d937eb27b00db67d3085)
#### Friday 2020-08-28 22:34:18 by Anthony Super

More sensible compiler (#33)

* Cleanup Compiler

This basically just removes a bunch of "Gotta make it work" style hacks
I did previously.

* Map First

This normalizes the oneOfs that exist, which make it marginally less
awful.

* Reduce OneOf Nesting

This basically adds a very stupid check to ensure you never have a oneOf
within a oneOf.

* Fix how Nullable Works

This is because we started using symbols for primitive types instead of
strings to avoid weird modify-the-string bugs.

---
## [KittyBot-Org/KittyBot](https://github.com/KittyBot-Org/KittyBot)@[f5ecd271e3...](https://github.com/KittyBot-Org/KittyBot/commit/f5ecd271e3b9c4a2ddfa3967822986806db9a38d)
#### Friday 2020-08-28 22:35:53 by Sebo Molnár

music stuff improvements / new cmds (#83)

* music stuff improvements / new cmds

* possibly fix random reasonless disconnecting

* i like this more

* added HistoryCommand
refactor some stuff

* rename a variable so it actually makes sense @topi :)

* temp alias checking solution

* fuck you @TopiSenpai

* auto format

Co-authored-by: TopiSenpai <tobi@strasserhof.com>

---
## [syuan100/lighthouse](https://github.com/syuan100/lighthouse)@[4763f03dcc...](https://github.com/syuan100/lighthouse/commit/4763f03dccaade6e75d51f38576f90ce005bb958)
#### Friday 2020-08-28 22:35:54 by Michael Sproul

Fix bug in database pruning (#1564)

## Issue Addressed

Closes #1488

## Proposed Changes

* Prevent the pruning algorithm from over-eagerly deleting states at skipped slots when they are shared with the canonical chain.
* Add `debug` logging to the pruning algorithm so we have so better chance of debugging future issues from logs.
* Modify the handling of the "finalized state" in the beacon chain, so that it's always the state at the first slot of the finalized epoch (previously it was the state at the finalized block). This gives database pruning a clearer and cleaner view of things, and will marginally impact the pruning of the op pool, observed proposers, etc (in ways that are safe as far as I can tell).
* Remove duplicated `RevertedFinalizedEpoch` check from `after_finalization`
* Delete useless and unused `max_finality_distance`
* Add tests that exercise pruning with shared states at skip slots
* Delete unnecessary `block_strategy` argument from `add_blocks` and friends in the test harness (will likely conflict with #1380 slightly, sorry @adaszko -- but we can fix that)
* Bonus: add a `BeaconChain::with_head` method. I didn't end up needing it, but it turned out quite nice, so I figured we could keep it?

## Additional Info

Any users who have experienced pruning errors on Medalla will need to resync after upgrading to a release including this change. This should end unbounded `chain_db` growth! :tada:

---
## [FascodeNet/flast-gecko](https://github.com/FascodeNet/flast-gecko)@[1989d12e47...](https://github.com/FascodeNet/flast-gecko/commit/1989d12e47bacfe5c020f189c9617405bef54f2b)
#### Friday 2020-08-28 23:11:42 by Ricky Stewart

Bug 1646794 - Add basic infrastructure for collecting data on the performance of individual build actions r=mhentges,froydnj

This, hopefully, begins to address an ongoing global problem where we have few, if any, insights into the performance of individual build tasks (compilations, calls into Python scripts, etc.) At most we have aggregated statistics about how long tiers last, combined with `sccache` aggregates across the entire build (which don't cover non-compilation tasks). This has a few implications:

1. It's impossible to identify bottlenecks, except by going out of your way to notice and reproduce them. e.g. no one, to my knowledge, was aware that `make_dafsa.py` was a bottleneck until someone happened to notice and report it in bug 1629337. We could have systems that automatically detect this sort of thing, or at least that make it easier to do so than by CTRL-C'ing in the middle of the build several times to try to reproduce the problem.

2. It's impossible to detect regressions, unless the regression is so pronounced and severe that it has an immediate impact on the overall build time and triggers build time alerts.

3. It's impossible to identify that you have *fixed* regressions, except by doing ad-hoc timing measurements by building individual `make` targets. This is error-prone and annoying.

Here we propose a low-friction system wherein individual build tasks log their build own perf info. For now, that's a write to `stdout` consisting of the string `BUILDTASK ` followed by a simple JSON object with a start time, end time, the `argv` of the task, and an additional `"context"` key (I anticipate this could be used to annotate the task with relevant per-task for later aggregation, for example: was this an `sccache` cache hit or not? For now, it's empty everywhere). The build controller then collects this data, validates it, and writes out the entire list of build tasks as a JSON file after the build has completed, similarly to what we already do with `build_resources.json`. We already parse some `make` output to do stuff like tracking when we switch tiers, so this isn't a huge architectural shift or anything.

In my opinion this "should" happen at the build system, or `make`, level, but `make` doesn't expose anything resembling this information to my knowledge, so this has to be implemented outside of `make`. One could implement something like this at the `sccache` level but that doesn't touch anything but C/C++/Rust compilation tasks; an ideal solution would support other generic build tasks. We could also fork `make` to add this feature ourselves, but for several reasons I don't think that's tractable. :)

Of course, this approach has downsides:

1. We depend on parsing the `stdout` of `make`, and processes can unfortunately sometimes trample on each other, leading to data loss for individual build tasks occasionally. This is a necessary limitation of the model to my knowledge, and I don't know that it can be fixed generally. In my testing, not much data tends to be lost usually.

2. Dumping arbitrary data to `stdout` isn't always possible or desirable. If you're not careful about it this can also result in noisier-than-necessary tasks, especially when those tasks are not invoked by a parent process that knows how to handle the special `BUILDTASK` lines.

3. This data is raw enough where aggregation is not completely trivial.

4. This functionality has to be added for any new kind of build task whose performance we'd like to track; it doesn't come "for free" due to not being able to be implemented at the build system level.

5. The data isn't awfully small due to the `argv`'s (at this point, not nearly big enough where we need to be concerned about it IMO, but maybe that will change in the future?)

One can imagine a couple other architectures that could avoid the first two problems, namely: 1) we could use a "real" database that would not dump info to `stdout` and wouldn't lose data, like `sqlite3`; or, 2) we could set up another server, similar to `sccache`, that collects this data from subprocesses and aggregates it, making sure not to lose any along the way. Both of these have enough overhead, in terms of engineering effort or actual impact on latency, where I dont know that they make any sense to even attempt implementing. The remaining continue to be real issues, however.

After this is landed there are a few ways forward. We can start uploading these files as build artifacts in CI to allow us to reason about performance impacts of changes in `central`. We can easily add this functionality to the `sccache` client to start tracking those builds as well. We already have a very simple visualization of build tier timing in `mach resource-usage`; we could join that data against the `BUILDTASK` data to produce a very clear visualization of build bottlenecks, i.e., "why is the `export` tier taking so long", etc.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D80284

---
## [amcnicky/crawl](https://github.com/amcnicky/crawl)@[0f072e14b0...](https://github.com/amcnicky/crawl/commit/0f072e14b01c24731684d14388a3647d0911eb9a)
#### Friday 2020-08-28 23:45:15 by amcnicky

Add Mlioglotl, a new Lugonu-themed unique.

The vision for Mlioglotl is to add a new unique with a strong
flavour themed around Lugonu and the Abyss. In-game description:

"A demon prince once betrayed his realm through a dark ritual to Lugonu.
Becoming the twisted mass of corruption known as Mlioglotl was his
reward.

Seeing such a powerful acolyte of Lugonu within the mortal plane is a
rare sight indeed, and one should fear the denziens and horrors of the
Abyss that are never far behind."

Gameplay flavour vision: A hulking mass ("unique thrashing horror"
wouldn't be far off the mark visually speaking) charging after the
player whilst tearing open rifts between the dungeon and the abyss.

Gameplay design vision: The player is torn between wanting to focus
damage onto Mlioglotl to stop him casting further instances of corruption,
and needing to deal with anything too nasty that is spawned. This is
similar to the dynamics between the player and many of the monsters with
summoning spells in the game, however, as Mlioglotl's corruption is
transferring monsters to the mortal plane rather than summoning them,
monsters that appear as a result of Mlioglotl's corruption are durably
summoned, which adds a relatively novel additional angle to the
interplay between player and 'summoner'. Of course Mlioglotl is no
pushover himself either, and is positioned via depth marker to show up
only later in the game.

The mechanics of Mlioglotl corrupting the dungeon are handled though a
new monster spell 'corrupt_locale'. This effectively triggers a
customised version of the Lugonu corruption player ability with a vastly
toned down duration and toned down monster set.

One concern with any kind of level-altering effect of course would be
that a player could kite the monster around and use them to 'shatter'
open difficult geometry. Mlioglotl is fast, and hits relatively hard,
which perhaps is enough to deter this tedious behaviour, however I'd
welcome feedback on other potential methods to disincentivise this such
as preventing Mlioglotl from using stairs (he has a large tile
currently, so this would fit the visual-language-precedence set by the
Royal Jelly).

Anyway, this is my first time digging into the source code of crawl
beyond vaults and tiles, so apologies in advance for any convention
breaking that I'm not aware of. Always happy to tidy up, make suggested
changes, and generally take my submissions in a direction that others
feel is most healthy for the game.

Thanks,

aMcNicky

---

# [<](2020-08-27.md) 2020-08-28 [>](2020-08-29.md)

