# [<](2020-07-23.md) 2020-07-24 [>](2020-07-25.md)

2,374,364 events, 1,224,413 push events, 1,901,856 commit messages, 129,374,800 characters


## [VoltDB/voltdb](https://github.com/VoltDB/voltdb)@[487cf4dd2b...](https://github.com/VoltDB/voltdb/commit/487cf4dd2bd8897f9a71954ab58ab1d806cca0b3)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 01:08:55 by dave porter

Allow use of PEM-format CA certificate (#7347)

* Allow use of PEM-format CA certificate [chain] without
requiring pyjks module which we do not need anyway.

Prior to this change, voltdbclient had provision for
the following:

keystore - for *client* identification in jks format
truststore - for *server* identification in jks format
cacerts - for *server* identification in pem format

(Of the two server id formats, only one was used)

The trouble was that even if you only wanted the pem
format cacerts, you had to load the pyjks parsing
module, which would then not be used.

This rearranges the code flow slightly so that we
only check for pyjks if we're about to use it.

The jks file parsing is now in a separate method
for clarity.

Also, the ssl_version field was mishandled by
being treated as a certificate path!  I conclude
no-one ever attempted to supply it. I'll think
about version security in a later PR.

This replaces my attempt at this yesterday, it's
much less like an ugly bag on the side of the code.

* while we're here, protect the generated files

---
## [JGABREU2145/all-in](https://github.com/JGABREU2145/all-in)@[bb9c24ec28...](https://github.com/JGABREU2145/all-in/commit/bb9c24ec283b3233c4817c4acd1037723e3fb6a3)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 04:06:48 by Justin Abreu

Merge pull request #1 from JGABREU2145/client-setup

Client setup the fuck is this holy god kill me

---
## [SuperNar3k/foundry](https://github.com/SuperNar3k/foundry)@[2d3c651c84...](https://github.com/SuperNar3k/foundry/commit/2d3c651c848871be12248a313c232d5c61aaba4b)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 06:05:04 by Narek Ohanyan

2.10.0 - MAJOR update

- First of all, thank you all for the love and support to keep this module going. I have made a Discord server for all to join (https://discord.gg/pwKDYVB). There, you'll be able to vote on what new content I should add!
- New class and class features: The Doom Slayer!
- New barbarian subclass: Path of the Doom Slayer!
- New class and class features: The Blood Hunter by Matt Mercer
- 2 New hellish items: Suit of the Hellish Flame and Sandals of the Antichrist

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[df96ee073a...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/df96ee073a9381445d721aaa91874e667a78418d)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 07:12:12 by Fuglore

god, so much bullshit

nearly all of the finale-related notes balance-wise

plus some extra fuck yous

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[73e82a164e...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/73e82a164e299d5e15d3c3f8ec68929e8cc10dd7)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 07:46:38 by Saqib Ali

Statistician/Mathematician #0543 job at Calhoun International, LLC in Washington, DC, powered by JobScore. Statistical Learning with Sparsity: the Lasso and Generalizations. Job Application for Preclinical Biomarker Statistician (6 Month Contract) at Denali Therapeutics. Infotree Service Inc Associate Scientist-(CE, HPLC, JMP, statistical and analytical ) | SmartRecruiters. Infotree Service Inc Study Lead Statistician – Centralized Statistical Monitoring (CSM) | SmartRecruiters. MSML2020 - Mathematical and Scientific Machine Learning Conference | Center for Statistics and Machine Learning. Senior Biostatistician - Blueprint Medicines - Career Page. Job Application for VP, Head of Biostatistics (Roivant) at Roivant Sciences. Maths and Statistics Tutor - Study Group - Career Page. Ugly code is buggy code «  Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[24d9ee0fb1...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/24d9ee0fb10d856b55c0523a0b281b3bb7cccb56)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 09:17:19 by Marko Grdinić

"9:15am. Got up 10m ago. What I want to do right now is just slack. I do not feel like programming. Ok, variable coloring won't be hard. But reachability highlighting will be harder.

Figuring out which variable is reachable is easy. What I need to think about is how exactly to communicate that information. What do I put the positional information in the parsed AST and so on. I'll have to grapple with this from here on out. But since I've reached a milestone of finishing the parser, first I want to slack, then I want to rev up my engine again. Screw programming every day without rest.

10:25am. I want to do more slacking. This is the ultimate luxury.

10:45am. Ok, let me start. It is time to start getting mentally ready for the next steps.

Start the IDE.

The slack feeling that I had yesterday when I finished was great. I feel I've been amply rewarded. But now it is time to start raising the tension.

10:50am. How about I step away from the screen. Like I am not lethargic in the same sense I was a few days ago where I really needed some shock treatment, but I do feel some resistance at starting a new thing.

I need some time to think about what exactly am I going to do, sure, but I also need to convince myself that I really want to do this.

10:55am. Yeah, let me move away from the bustle and look inwards for a while. I'll shut down the computer for the rest of the day. And then I will charge up my power again and let loose.

In a way what I am doing is the opposite to meditation. Whereas mediation promotes inner tranquility, my aim is to enter a state of maximum chaos.

Just this last bit of editor support and I will quite close to done with the new language. It is one of the new things coming in v0.2. Once I have this, I'll deal with the prepass and the peval without much trouble and will be able to use the language. That will leave typechecking for last.

I am close to having something usable. I just need to grasp it. First in my mind, and then in reality. The most important thing as usual is the desire.

11:10am. This will be the last great project for me as a human. I will finish Spiral v0.2, and then focus on ML from there on out. I won't be doing anymore ambitious language work after that. Sure, I will write libraries in Spiral, and might do improvements to the compiler, but by the end of 2020 and probably sooner, the language will be done.

I won't be doing any more language research if I can help it simply because it is too low reward and too high effort. As good as Spiral is, if it weren't for GPUs and now neurochips, I would not have bothered with it either. It just had too much going for it given the context for me to ignore it.

But if I could get technological enhancements, enough to be able to do 1000x as much work per time unit than I can now, that would change the risk/reward calculation substantially. In that case, language work would once again take priority.

Though 1000x would be such a huge leap in productivity that it is scarcely comprehensible. Even 2-3x would be enough to make me adjust my behavior. It is just that 1000x are realistic numbers to push out when it comes to this kind of fiction.

11:15am. Let me step away from the screen as per plan. I will do these kinds of moves more proactively from here on out. I always want to keep going until my spirit collapses and it has not been serving me well.

I've always been using this technique unconsciously - if I want to do something, but do not feel like it I would step away from the screen and brainstorm, but after this much experience I can see it as an actual technique and not a part of the flow of things. I bet I could use it in contexts other than programming should I need to."

---
## [meilisearch/MeiliSearch](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch)@[aa545e5386...](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch/commit/aa545e53861cc2e8165fe9dedc5b9dc68187c996)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 09:45:04 by bors[bot]

Merge #638 #828 #865

638: Update requitites for source build(rust version) r=MarinPostma a=djKooks

Hello,
I just found that compile via source has been failed by issue here:
```
error[E0658]: the `#[non_exhaustive]` attribute is an experimental feature
  --> /Users/kwangin.jung/.cargo/registry/src/github.com-1ecc6299db9ec823/whoami-0.8.1/src/lib.rs:40:1
   |
40 | #[non_exhaustive]
   | ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   |
   = note: for more information, see https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/44109

error[E0658]: the `#[non_exhaustive]` attribute is an experimental feature
   --> /Users/kwangin.jung/.cargo/registry/src/github.com-1ecc6299db9ec823/whoami-0.8.1/src/lib.rs:102:1
    |
102 | #[non_exhaustive]
    | ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    |
    = note: for more information, see https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/44109
```
Seems `#[non_exhaustive]` is a new feature on Rust 1.40.0, so added as pre-requitites.


828: Cleanup readme r=MarinPostma a=tpayet

Closes #613 

865: Update movie dataset with genre field r=MarinPostma a=bidoubiwa

Updated the movie dataset by adding  the `genre` field to each movies where the genre could be fetched.
The `genre` was fetch for each movie by making a search request on the bigger movie dataset (200mb) using MeilISearch. 

I make this proposition to make testing and trying  more accessible. 

```json
{
  "id": "323661",
  "title": "Mune: Guardian of the Moon",
  "poster": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w1280/4vzqow7mVUahqA4hHoe2UpQOxy.jpg",
  "overview": "When a faun named Mune becomes the Guardian of the Moon, little did he had unprepared experience with the Moon and an accident that could put both the Moon and the Sun in danger, including a corrupt titan named Necross who wants the Sun for himself and placing the balance of night and day in great peril. Now with the help of a wax-child named Glim and the warrior, Sohone who also became the Sun Guardian, they go out on an exciting journey to get the Sun back and restore the Moon to their rightful place in the sky.",
  "release_date": 1423094400,
  "genre": [
    "Animation",
    "Family",
    "Adventure",
    "Fantasy",
    "Comedy"
  ]
}
{
  "id": "306",
  "title": "Beverly Hills Cop III",
  "poster": "https://image.tmdb.org/t/p/w1280/tw9gAhqQcBFX0X0XfVbWqUsmzoU.jpg",
  "overview": "Back in sunny southern California and on the trail of two murderers, Axel Foley again teams up with LA cop Billy Rosewood. Soon, they discover that an amusement park is being used as a front for a massive counterfeiting ring – and it's run by the same gang that shot Billy's boss.",
  "release_date": 769741200,
  "genre": [
    "Action",
    "Comedy",
    "Crime"
  ]
}
```

Co-authored-by: kwangin.jung <inylove82@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Thomas Payet <thomas@meilisearch.com>
Co-authored-by: Charlotte Vermandel <charlottevermandel@gmail.com>

---
## [austation/austation](https://github.com/austation/austation)@[0de1f55b20...](https://github.com/austation/austation/commit/0de1f55b205a22f344f3525534c1b04df8a19d33)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 12:50:48 by ZombiesVsPlants

Exporting processed food (Exporting PR 2/?) (#2005)

* Create processed.dm and finish processed.dm

5cr per step, any step that divides it divides the final price.
Do tell me if you think this is too OP, I'll nerf it.

* Adds it to include

OH MY GOD THEY HAVE TO BE IN ALPHABETICAL ORDER DON'T THEY THIS IS WHY MY ANOMALIES EXPORT THING FAILED AAAAAAA.

* Removes unnecessary whitespace

you can keep walking jannies.

* adds .dm to includes

I may be stupid

* fucking slashes

* Buffed prices

Pretty much doubled them.

* fixes indentations

---
## [ProfessorPopoff/mojave-sun](https://github.com/ProfessorPopoff/mojave-sun)@[800db306c1...](https://github.com/ProfessorPopoff/mojave-sun/commit/800db306c17855a6e606806d73aa18ec3e24a8ee)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 13:13:16 by Popoff

big boy map overhaul

Fixed the map to not look shit. fuck you.

---
## [ProjectIgnis/BabelCDB](https://github.com/ProjectIgnis/BabelCDB)@[de690c50df...](https://github.com/ProjectIgnis/BabelCDB/commit/de690c50df9f9926ce8875488f02865128709559)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 14:33:23 by NaimSantos

Add Phantom Rage cards

Infernity Conjuror
Infernity Wildcat
Infernity Hell Archfiend
Raiders' Knight
Excited Melffys
Negalogia AA-Zeus
Infernity Paranoia
Infernity Supression

---
## [AoE-guys/AOE-exp](https://github.com/AoE-guys/AOE-exp)@[b472891232...](https://github.com/AoE-guys/AOE-exp/commit/b4728912324abc4da945aede45abf9dd4c25561e)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 17:18:55 by MaTi5893

To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Age of Enlightenment mod. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of world history during the 18th century most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Mati's enlightened outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Jean-Jacques Rousseau's literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Age of Enlightenment mod truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Chox's existential catchphrase "xue hua piao piao bei feng xiao xiao," which itself is a cryptic reference to  Emperor Qianlong's Chinese epic Anti-Islam laws. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Hyper's genius wit unfolds itself on their victoria II screens. What fools.. how I pity them. :joy:  And yes, by the way, i DO have a Age of Enlightenment mod tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the animu girls' eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. Nothin personnel kid :sunglasses:

---
## [newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria)@[6123762203...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria/commit/6123762203d25216d97c26062d46c6c340279753)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 17:24:22 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [dailypost.ng/2020/07/24/i-raped-8-year-old-girl-because-i-love-her-man-70-confesses/]

---
## [cockroachdb/docs](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs)@[8b0583d4d0...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/commit/8b0583d4d0c3ac0098ed9bf7a37bf0537e8a24bc)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 17:48:15 by Jesse Seldess

Sidenav with CC and CRDB at top-level

This is an experiment to test out some navigation approaches
emerging from the Docs UX redesign project by Lucia and Lauren.

In this experiment:

- I moved the entirely of the CC docs to the first section of
  a shared sidenav. To do this, I created a root-level directory
  called cockroachcloud and moved all of the cc-specific markdown
  files there, out of the 20.1 directory. CC is not versioned,
  so this type of move is inevitable in any case. This change
  makes it so that a local `make standard` build now builds both
  CC and CRDB docs. Our PR and live builds, however, still will
  build the docs the previous way. If we like the approach I'm
  taking, we'll need YZ's help to adapt the build process.
- The only change I made in the CC section is renaming "Quickstart"
  to "Deploy a Free Cluster" and "Create a Cluster" to "Deploy
  a Dedicated Cluster". I also removed the "Create Your Account"
  page as I think linking to the account creation page is
  enough; it's an easy workflow that doesn't need docs, I think.
- In the CockroachDB section, I moved Maintain under Deploy as
  Cluster Maintenance, and I move everything previously under
  Tutorials into other sections: Database Features tutorials
  are now under Get Started > Explore Database Features; Sample
  Apps tutorials are now under Develop > Sample Apps; Third-Party
  Database Tools tutorials are now under Develop > Third-Party
  Database Tools. This isn't perfect, but it's an attempt to
  do away with a "Tutorials" sections distinct from the guidance
  sections.
- Following CockroachCloud and CockroachDB, the sidenav has
  external links to Cockroach University and Blog. This is also
  based on the redesign proposal. In the new design, external
  links will be visually identified as such.
- I also made a css change so that the top-level of the sidenav
  is no longer uppercase, again to match the redesign proposal.

Thoughts/questions:
- In this approach, there are times we go 4 levels deep, which
  may be too much and isn't currently styled correctly in any
  case.
- I played around with making the first two sections focused on
  "guidance" and moving all reference material to a third top-level
  section, e.g.:
    CockroachCloud
    CockroachDB
    Reference
    Cockroach University
    Blog

    or

    CockroachCloud Guide
    CockroachDB Guide
    CockroachDB Reference
    ...

  I'm still not sure Cockroach U and Blog deserve a top-level placement
  in the sidenav, especially if we call them out prominently on a new
  Docs landing page.

---
## [Marchingbedlam/After-The-End-Eurasia](https://github.com/Marchingbedlam/After-The-End-Eurasia)@[6b0e237f9a...](https://github.com/Marchingbedlam/After-The-End-Eurasia/commit/6b0e237f9a603f111fc587f93b0cfe7c6d34dbfd)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 17:48:24 by Lahom

english motherfucker

-put shit in english fuck you
-much cultural localization
-made Low Saxon more distinct
-beeg pope

---
## [rikamelon/JAmadeus](https://github.com/rikamelon/JAmadeus)@[eebf60dacb...](https://github.com/rikamelon/JAmadeus/commit/eebf60dacbd86761640774a967fa25db619cd065)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 18:50:32 by rikamelon

fixed your god awful spacing

seriously chame
either 4 spaces or 2 keep it fucking consistent

---
## [spdk/spdk](https://github.com/spdk/spdk)@[6b41a08654...](https://github.com/spdk/spdk/commit/6b41a08654b6c6545c099ecb66e12e3d3a1bf6e2)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 22:07:24 by Darek Stojaczyk

dpdkbuild: build dpdk with meson+ninja

Makefile support in DPDK was deprecated and will be removed soon,
so switch to the officially supported way of building DPDK -
with meson and ninja. Two new tools. Basically, our Makefiles
will invoke meson+ninja for DPDK, no other SPDK components are
affected.

Apparently DPDK wanted to move away from an octopus-like config
system and the ideology behind meson configuration is simple now:
build everything by default. Some PMDs can be explicitly disabled
with meson command line, but all libraries (both static and shared
versions) and test apps are built unconditionally.

How long does it take to build minimal DPDK with meson? Too much.
On my machine half of the total build time is spent on libraries
we don't need at all. (I have some hacks up my sleeve to disable
building those libraries - see the subsequent patch.) As for the
official way of building a minimal DPDK, there was a patch [1]
on dpdk mailing list to introduce more specific configuration,
but it was rejected:

> We talked about this a few times in the past, and it was actually one
> of the design goals to _avoid_ replicating the octopus-like config
> system of the makefiles. That's because it makes the test matrix
> insanely complicated, not to mention the harm to user friendliness,
> among other things.
>
> If someone doesn't want to use a PMD, they can just avoid installing it
> - it's simple enough.
>
> Sorry, but from me it's a very strong NACK.

Let's not follow that direction, hack the DPDK build system instead.

As for advantages of meson+ninja over Makefiles? I can't find any.
It's another build system that does a lot for you with some functions,
magic options, and a built-in dependency system. It seems nice if you know
the syntax, but it's another component that you need to learn, debug,
and possibly find bugs in (there's a lot of github issues open for meson).
I would compare it to CMake.

As for changes in this patch: rather that explicitly disabling
PMDs we don't need, specify a list of PMDs we do need and disable
everything else found in ./dpdk/drivers/*. This way we won't have
to disable the new PMDs as they're added to DPDK.

Meson configuration also sets RTE_EAL_PMD_PATH #define to a valid directory
with built PMD shared libs. When it's set, DPDK dynamically loads all shared
libraries inside. The drivers there depend on DPDK shared libs and fail to
load in static SPDK builds, so we disable them altogether by unsetting
RTE_EAL_PMD_PATH in the meson-generated config file - just like
DPDK Makefiles did. EAL checks for RTE_EAL_PMD_PATH being empty and skips
loading any external PMDs then. We do it for both static and shared libs.
We specify all PMDs at build time for now, so there's just no need to load
them dynamically.

We have three more hacks in our submodule:
 * disable building dpdk apps by commenting-out a line in dpdk/meson.build
 * disable building unnecessary libs (build everything that spdk *may*
   need)
 * build isa-l compress pmd with `-L[...] -lisal`. DPDK expects to find
   libisal with pkg-config. We don't want to prepare a pkg-config file,
   so comment-out a failing check in another meson.build file and provide
   isa-l through CFLAGS and LDFLAGS.

We also need to make some changes to our test/external_code. First of
all, -ldpdk is no more. Meson build generates a pkg-config file with all
libs, but we'll switch to it in a separate patch - for now just specify
all -lrte_ libs one by one. -Wl,--no-as-needed has to be added to some
test cases, otherwise rte_mempool_ring isn't loaded. We don't use any
APIs from this library, it only has a static constructor that provides
a few callbacks used by rte_mempool_create(). Also, since DPDK now builds
both static and shared libraries, we need to add -Wl,-Bstatic to force
using static libswhere required. It's only needed for DPDK libs, but we
use it for SPDK libs as well since there's no harm.

As for performance:
$ ./configure --enable-debug --with-crypto --with-reduce
$ time make -j40 -C dpdkbuild all
with meson:
real    0m8.287s
user    1m7.983s
sys     0m10.548s

before, with the old DPDK makefiles:
real    0m20.232s
user    0m55.921s
sys     0m16.491s

The subsequent builds are much faster too:
$ time make -j40 -C dpdkbuild all
meson:
real    0m0.876s
user    0m0.663s
sys     0m0.217s

makefiles:
real    0m10.150s
user    0m11.740s
sys     0m6.772s

[1] http://inbox.dpdk.org/dev/1a07d1cd59d84dce84e56c10fdabf5e5504560a6.camel@debian.org/

Change-Id: Ic65db563014100bafb12e61ee0530cc2ae64401d
Signed-off-by: Darek Stojaczyk <dariusz.stojaczyk@intel.com>
Signed-off-by: Tomasz Zawadzki <tomasz.zawadzki@intel.com>
Reviewed-on: https://review.spdk.io/gerrit/c/spdk/spdk/+/1440
Community-CI: Mellanox Build Bot
Tested-by: SPDK CI Jenkins <sys_sgci@intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Ben Walker <benjamin.walker@intel.com>
Reviewed-by: Jim Harris <james.r.harris@intel.com>

---
## [AeroAstroid/TheBrainOfTWOWCentral](https://github.com/AeroAstroid/TheBrainOfTWOWCentral)@[fab729b78a...](https://github.com/AeroAstroid/TheBrainOfTWOWCentral/commit/fab729b78a3962bea06a422d6702588142d95f21)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 22:37:28 by Purplegaze

give me power

Once upon a time there was a lovely princess. But she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort, which could only be broken by Love's first kiss. She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire breathing dragon. Many brave knights had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison, but none prevailed. She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest tower for her true love and true love's first kiss. Like that's ever going to happen. What a loony. Shrek Beware Stay out I think he's in here. All right. Lets get it! Hold on. Do you know what that thing can do to you? Yeah. He'll groan into your bones for his brains. Well actually that would be a giant. Now Ogres, huh, they are much worse. They'll make a soup from your freshly peeled skin. They'll chew your livers, squeeze the jelly from your eyes. Actually, it's quite good on toast. Back, back beast, back! I warned you! Right. This is the part, where you run away. Yeah! And stay out. Wanted. Fairytale creatures. Right, this one is full. Take it away. Give me that. Your fine days are over. -25 pieces of silver for the witch. Next. -Come on. Sit down there! And be quiet! This cage is so small. You wouldn't turn me in. I'll never be stubborn again. I can change. Please, give me another chance. Oh, shut up! Next. What do we got? This little wooden puppet. I'm not a puppet, I'm a real boy. Five shillings for the possessed toy. Take it away. No! Please, don't let them do it! Next. What do you got? Well, I've got a talking donkey! Right. Well that's good for ten schillings, if you can prove it. Oh, go ahead fella. Well? He's just a li..., just a little nervous. He's really quite a chatterbox. You boneheaded donkey! That's it. I have heard enough. Guards! No, no, he talks, he does! I can talk. I love to talk. I've talked to... Get her out of my sight! -No, no, I swear! Hey, I can fly. -He can fly! -He can fly! He can talk! -That's right, fool! Now I'm a flying, talking donkey! You might have seen house fly, maybe even a superfly. But I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly! Seize him! Get him! This way! Hurry! You there. Ogre. -I. By the order of lord Farquaad. I am authorized to place you both under arrest. And transport you to designated resettlement facility. Oh really? You and what army? Can I say something to you? Listen, you were really, really something, back there. Incredible. Are you talking to... ...me? Yes, I was talking to you. Can I just tell you that you were really great back there with those guards. They thought that was all over there. And then you showed up and BAM. There was tripping on over themselves like babes in the woods. That really made me feel good to see that. Oh, that's great. Really. Man, it's good to be free. Now, why don't you go celebrate your freedom with your own friends? But I... I don't have any friends. And I'm not going out there by myself. Hey wait a minute. I have a great idea... I'll stick with you. You and me in green fighting machine. Together we'll scare the spin if anybody crosses us. Oh, a, that was really scary. Maybe you don't mine me saying. If that don't work, your breath will certainly do the job done, 'cause... you definitively need some tic-tac or something, 'cause your breath stinks! Man you've ??? my note! Just like the time... ...and then I ate some rotten berries. Man I had some strong gases leaking out of my but that day. Why are you following me? I'll tell you why. 'Cause I'm all alone, there is no one here, beside me. My problems have all gone. There's no one to derive me. But you got to have free ... -Stop singing! Well, it's no wonder, you don't have any friends. Wow! Only a true friend would be that truly honest. Listen! Little donkey. Take a look at me! What am I? A... ...really tall? No! I'm an Ogre. You know, grab your torch and pitchforks. Doesn't that bother you? Nope. Really? -Really really. Oh? Man, I like you. What's your name? A..., Shrek. Shrek?! But do you know, what I like about you, Shrek? You've got that kind of: "I don't care what nobody thinks of me" thing. I like that, I respect that, Shrek. You're all right. Uh, look at that. Who would wanna live in a place like that? That would be my home. Oh, it is lovely. Just beautiful. You know you're quite a decorator. It's amazing what you did with such a modest budget. I like that boulder. That is a nice boulder. I guess, you don't entertain much, do you? I like my privacy. You know I do to. That's another thing, we have in common. Like I hate it when you got somebody in your face. You try to give them a hint and they won't leave. And then there's that big occurred silence, you know? Can I stay with you? -What? Can I stay with you, please. Of course! -Really? No. -Please! I don't want to go back there. You don't how is like to be concerned like a freak. Well..., maybe you do. But that's why we have to stick together! You got to let me stay! Please! Please! OK, OK. -But one night only. -Huh, thank you! A, what are you do... No! This is going to be fun. We can stay up late, swap the manly stories. And in the morning... I'm making waffles. Where do I sleep? Outside! Oh, a, I guess that's cool. You know, I don't know you and you don't know me... ... so I guess, outside is best for me. Here I go. Good night. I do like that half door. I'm a donkey all alone outside. Sit by myself outside, I guess. I'm all alone, there's no one here beside me. -I thought, I told you to stay outside. -I am outside. Well James. This is far from the farm, but what choice do we have? It's not... What a lovely bed. -Got you! I found some cheese. Awful stuff. -Is that you Gordon? -How did you know? Enough! What are you doing in my house? Oh, no, no, no... Death prods off the table! Where would we supposed to put her. The bed's taken. What? I live in a swamp. I've put up signs. I'm a terrifying Ogre! What do I have to do, to get a little privacy? Oh, no! No, no! What are you doing in my swamp? All right, get out of here. All of you. Move it! Come on, let's go. And hurry up, hurry up. No, no, not there. Not there! Hey don't look at me. I didn't invite them. Oh gosh, no one invited us. -What? We were forced to come here. -By who? Lord Farquaad. He ??? All right. Who knows where this Farquaad guy is? Oh I do. I know where he is. Does anyone else know where to find him? -Anyone at all? -Me. -Anyone? Oh pick me, I know! Me, me. Ok, fine. Attention all fairy tale things! Do not get comfortable. Your welcome is officially warned up. In fact. I'm gonna see this guy Farquaad right now and get all off my land and back where you came from. You. You're coming with me. All right. That's what I like to hear, man. Shrek and Donkey, two stubborn friends off on a world and big city adventure. I love it. I'm on road again. Sing with me Shrek! I'm on road again... What did I say about singing? -Can I whistle? -No. -Well, can I hummer? -All right. That's enough. He's ready to talk. Run, run, run as fast as you can, you can't catch me. I'm the gingerbread man. You monster. I'm not a monster here. You are. You and the rest of that fairytale trash, poisoning my perfect world. -Now tell me! Where are the others? -Eat me. I've tried to be fair to you, creatures. Now my patience has reached its end! -Tell me! Or I'll... -No, no, not the buttons. Not gumdrop buttons. All right! Who's hiding them? Ok, I'll tell you. -Do you know the muffin-man? -The muffin-man? -The muffin-man. -Yes, I know the muffin-man. Who lives on Proully lane? -Well, she's married to the muffin-man. -The muffin-man! -The muffin-man! -She's married to the muffin-man. My lord! We found it. Well then, what are you waiting for? Bring it in. Magic mirror. Don't tell him anything! Evening. Mirror, mirror on the wall. Is this not the most perfect kingdom of them all? Well, technically, you're not a king. A..., felonious. -You were saying. -What I mean is a... ...you're not a king, yet. But you can become one. All you have to do, is marry a princess. Go on. So, just sit back and relax my lord, because it's time for you to meet today's eligible bachelorettes. And here they are. Bachelorette number one is a mentally abused shading from a kingdom far, far away. She likes sushi and hottubbing anytime. Her hobbies include cooking and cleaning for two evil sisters. Please welcome... Cinderella. Bachelorette number two is a kemp wearing girl from a land of fantasy. Although she lives with seven other man, she is not easy. Just kiss hers dead frozen lips and find out what a live wife she is. Come on. Give it up for... Show-white. And last but certainly not least. Bachelorette number three is a fire-breathing ????, dragon guarded castle, surrounded by a hot boiling lava. But don't let that cool you off. She's a loaded pistol who likes Pina Coladas and getting cut in the rain. Yours for the rescuing, Princess Fiona. So will it be, bachelorette number one? Bachelorette number two? Or bachelorette number three? -Two... -Three! -Two! One. No, no, no. Three. Pick number three my lord. Ok, ok. Number three. Lord Farquaad. You've chosen... princess Fiona. She's nice. Fiona. She's perfect. All I have to do is just find someone... But I probably should mention little thing that happens at night... -I'll do it! -Yes, but after sunset... Silence! I will make this princess Fiona my queen. And Duloc will finally have the perfect king! Captain! Assemble your finest man. We're going to have a tournament! That's it, that's, right there, that's Duloc. I've told you I'll find it. So. That must be lord Farquaad's castle. Aha, that's the place. Do you think maybe he's compensating for something. Hey, hey wait up Shrek! -Hey, you! -No, no! Wait a second. Look, I'm not gonna eat you. I just... It's quiet. Too quiet. Where is everybody? Hey look at this. Wow! -Let's do that again. -No. no. All right. You're going the right way for smack bottom. Sorry about that. That champion should have the honor, no, no... ...the privilege to go forth and rescue the lovely princess Fiona from the fireing keep of the dragon. If for any reason the winner is unsuccessful, the first runner up will take his place. And so on, and so forth. Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make. Applause. Let the tournament begin. What is that? Ugh, it's hideous. Oh, that's not very nice. It's just a donkey. Indeed. Knights! New plan. The one, who kills the Ogre, will be named champion. How about him. Oh, hey. Now, come on. Can't we just settle this over a pint? No? All right then. Come on. Hey Shrek! Let me, let me! The chair! Give him the chair! Thank you. Thank you, very much. I'm here until Thursday. Try the wheel! Shall I give the order sir? No. I have a better idea. People of Duloc. I give you our champion! What? Congratulation, Ogre. You've won the honor of embarking on a great and noble quest. Quest? I'm already on a quest. A quest to get my swamp back! -Your swamp? -Yeah, my swamp! Where you dumped those fairytale creatures. Indeed. All right Ogre, I'll make you a deal. Go on this quest for me and I'll give you your swamp back. Exactly the way it was? Down to the last slime covered toast tool. -And the squatters? -As good as gone. What kind of quest? Ok, let me get this straight! We gonna go find the dragon and rescue a princess just so Farquaad will give you back the swamp, which you only don't have, 'cause he filled it with full of freaks on the first place. -Is that about right? -You know what? Maybe there is a good reason, donkeys shouldn't talk. I don't get it Shrek. Why didn't you just pull some old Ogre stuff on them? You know, ??? . Grab his bones to make you brave. You know the whole Ogre trick. Oh, you know what. Maybe I could have decapitated entire village and put their heads on plate. Got a knife, cut open their spleens and drink their fluids. Does that sound good to you? A, no, not really, no. For your information, there is a lot more to Ogres than people think. -Example. -Example? OK, A-a-m, Ogres are like onions. -They stink? -Yes, no. -O, they make you cry. -No. Oh, you leave them out on the sun and they get all brown and start ??? little wild hairs? No! Layers! Onions have layers. Ogres have layers. Onions have layers. You get it? We both have layers. O, you both have layers. You know not everybody likes onions. Cake! Everybody loves cakes. Cakes have layers. I don't care what everyone likes. Ogres are not like cakes. You know what else everyone likes? Paffe. Have you ever met a person and you say: "Hey, let's get some paffe" and they say I don't like paffe. Paffe is delicious. No! You tensed, irritating, miniature peace of barden. Ogres are like onions. End of story. Bye, bye. See you lather. Paffe is maybe the most delicious thing on the whole damn planet. You know I think I've preferred your humming. Do you have a tissue or something, 'cause I'm making a mess. Just the word paffe has made me start slimying Why, Shrek, did you do that? Man you got to warn somebody before you just crack one off. My mouth was opened and everything. Believe me donkey, if it was me, you'd be dead. It's brimstone. We must be getting close. Yeah, right, brimstone. Don't be talking ??? brimstone. I know what I smell and ??? no brimstone. And they don't come of stone neither. Sure it's big enough, but look at the location. Oh, Shrek, remember when you said that Ogres have layers? Oh, yeah. Well, I have a confession to make. Donkeys don't have layers. We wear ??? sleeves. Wait a second. Donkeys don't have sleeves. -You know what I mean. -Oh, you can't tell me you're afraid of highs. No, I'm just a little uncomfortable of being on a rickety bridge over boiling lake of lava! Come on donkey, I'm right here beside you. Ok? For emotional support. We'll just hackle this thing together one little baby step after time. -Really? -Really really. Ok. That makes me feel so much better. Just keep moving and don't look down. Don't look down, don't look down. Shrek! I'm looking down! I can't do this. Just let me off right now, please. -But you're already half way. -Yeah, but I know that half is safe. Ok, fine. I don't have time for this. You go back. Shrek, no, wait. Don't do that! Oh, I'm sorry. Do what? -Oh. This? -Yes, that! Yes, yes. Do it. OK. -No, Shrek! -I'm doing it. I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. Shrek, I'm gonna die. That will do Donkey, that will do. Cool. So where is this fire breathing pain in the neck anyway? Inside. Waiting for us to rescue her. I was talking about the dragon Shrek. -Are you afraid? -No, but shhhhh. Oh, good. Me neither. Because there's nothing wrong with being afraid. Here's a..., something responsible of the situation. Not to mention dangerous situation. And there's dragon that breathes fire. I'm sure he's meaner than a cow or anything, but they're scare. You know what I mean. I'm sure he's heavier than a cow... Donkey. Two things. Ok? Shut, up. Now go over there and see if you can find any stairs. Stairs? I thought we were looking for the princess. The princess will be up the stairs in the highest room in the tallest tower. What makes you think she'll be there? I read it in a book once. Cool. You handle the dragon, I'll handle the stairs. Oh, I'll find those stairs. I'll ???. That's right. Those stairs won't know which way they go. The drafting stairs, ??? Don't mess with me. I'm the stair master. I'm master of the stairs. I wish I had a stair right here right here now, I'd step all over it. Well, at least we know where the princess is. -But where is the... -Dragon! Donkey, look out! Got you. Oh, what large teeth you have. I mean, white sparkling teeth. You probably hear this all the time from your food, but you must bleach yourself, because that is one dashing smile you got there. And do I detect the hint of minty freshness? And you know what else? You're a girl dragon. Oh, sure. I mean 'course you're a girl dragon, 'cause you're just ricking the feminine beauty out. What's the matter with you? Do you have something in your eye? Man, I'd really love to stay, but you know I'm a asthmatic and I don't know if we would worked out. You'd be blowing smoke and stuff. Shrek! No, Shrek! Shrek! -Wake up! -What? Are you princess Fiona? I am. Awaiting a knight so bold as to rescue me. Oh, that's nice. Now let's go. But wait, sir knight. This be our first meeting. Should not be wonderful, romantic moment? Yeah. Sorry lady there's no time. Hey, what are you doing? You know, you should sweep me out of my feet. Out through the window and down the rope by to your valued steed. You've had a lot of time to plan this, haven't you? Uh-um. But we have to sing through this moment. You can residing of a poem to me. A ballad, a sonnet, a libretti. Or something. I don't think so. Well, can I at least know a name of my champion? Shrek. So, Shrek. I pray that you take this favor as a token of my gratitude. Thanks. -You didn't slay the dragon? -It's not my job to do this. Now, come on! But this isn't right. ??? That's what all the other knights did. Yeah. Right before they burst in the flame. That's not the point. Wait. Where are you going? Exit is over there. Well, I have to save my ass. What kind of knight are you? One of a kind. ...rush into a physical relationship. I'm not that emotionally ready for commitment of a this magnitude. That was the word I was looking for. Magnitude. Hey, that is unwanted physical contact. Hey, what are you doing? Ok, ok, let's just back up a little and take this one step at the time. I mean, we really should get to know each other first, you know what am I saying. As friends, maybe even as ??? Hey don't do that. That's my tail. That's ma personal tail. And you're going to tear it off.... Oh, no. No! -It talks?! -Yeah. It's getting to shut up, that's a trick. Ok, you two. Head for the exit. I'll take care of the dragon. Ruuuuun! You did it. You rescued me. Amizing, you're wonderful. You're a ... ...a little unorthodox I admit, but by deed is great and by heart is pure. I'm entirely in your debt. And where would a brave knight be without his noble steed. I hope you heard that. She called me a noble steed. She thinks I'm a steed. The battle is won. You may remove your helmet good sir knight. -Aah, no. -Why not? I have helmet hair. Please. I wouldst look upon the face of my rescuer. Oh, no, you wouldn't, dust. But, how will you kiss me? What? That wasn't in a job description. -Maybe it's a perk? -No. It's destiny. You must know how it goes. A princess locked in a tower and besieged by a dragon is rescued by a brave knight. And then they share true love's first kiss. With Shrek? You think, wait... ...you think Shrek is your true love? Well, yes. You think that Shrek is your true love. What is so funny? Let's just say, I'm not your type, ok? Of course you are. You're my rescuer. Now, now remove your helmet. Look. I really don't think this is a good idea. -Just take off the helmet. -I'm not going to. -Take it off! -No! -Now! -Ok, easy. As you command your highness. You're an Ogre. Oh, you were expecting Prince Charming. Well, yes, actually. Oh no. This is all wrong. You're not supposed to be an Ogre. Princess, I was sent to rescue you by lord Farquaad, ok? He's the one, who wants to marry you. Well, then why didn't he come to rescue me? Good question. You should ask him that, when we get there. But I have to be rescued by my true love. Not by some Ogre and his pet. Well so much for noble steed. Look princess. You're not making my job any easier. Well I'm sorry, but your job is not my problem. You can tell lord Farquaad that if he wants to rescue me properly, I'll be waiting for him right here. Hey, I'm no ones messenger boy, all right? -I'm a delivery boy. -You wouldn't dare. -You coming donkey? -Put me down! Yeah, I'm right behind you. Put me down or you will suffer the consequences. This is not dignified. Put me down. Ok, here's another question. Let's say that a woman 'digged' you, but you don't really like her, that way. Now, how you let her down real easy, so her feelings aren't hurt? But you don't get burned to a crisp neither. How do you do this? Just tell her, she's not your true love. Everyone knows it what happens when you find... Hey! The sooner we get to Duloc, the better. Oh, yeah. You gonna love it there princess. It's beautiful. And what of my groom to be, lord Farquaad. What's he like? Well, let me put it this way, princess. Men of Farquaad's stature are in short supply. Oh no, Shrek. There are those who think little of him. Stop it. Stop it, both of you. You know, you're just jealous that you can never measure up to a great ruler like lord Farquaad. Yeah. Well maybe you're right princess. But I'd like you do that measuring when you see him tomorrow Tomorrow? It will take that long? -Shouldn't we stop to make camp? -No. That would take longer. We can keep going. But there are robbers in the woods. Whoa, time out Shrek. Camp is definitely something that sounds good. Hey. Come on. I'm scarier than anything we're gonna see in this forest. I need to find somewhere to camp, now! Hey, over here. Shrek, we can do better than that. Now, I don't think this is decent for princess. No, no, it's perfect. It just needs a few homey touches. Homey touches? Like what? A door. Well, gentleman I'll be d..., good night. Do you want me to come in and read you a bedtime story, 'cause I will... I said good night! Shrek! What are you doing? I just..., you know... Oh, come on, I was just kidding. And that one, that's Throwback. The only Ogre to ever spit over three wheat fields. Right. Yeah. Hey, can you tell my future form these stars? Well, the stars don't tell the future, Donkey. They tell stories. Look. There's Blodna, the "Flatulent" You can guess what he is famous for. All right. Now I know you're making this up. No. Look. There he is and there's the group of hunters running away from his stag. Man, there ain't nothing, but a bunch of little dots. You know donkey, sometimes things are more than they appear. Forget it. Hey Shrek. What are you gonna do when we get our swamp back, anyway? -Our swamp? -You know. When we're through rescuing the princess and all that stuff. We? Donkey, there is no we. There's no our. There's just me and my swamp. And the first thing I'm gonna do, is build a ten foot wall around my land. You cut me deep Shrek, you cut me real deep just now. You know, what I think? I think this whole wall thing is just a way to keep somebody out. No, do you think? -Are you hiding something? -Never mind Donkey. Oh, this is another one of those onion things, isn't it? No. This is one of those drop it and leave it alone things. -Why don't you want to talk about it? -Why do you want to talk about it? -Oh, Why you block? -I'm not blocking. -Oh yes you are. -Donkey, I'm warning you. -Who are you trying to keep out? Just tell me that Shrek. Who? Everyone, ok? -Oh, now we're getting somewhere. -Oh, for 'the love of pit'. Hey, what's your problem Shrek? What do you got against the whole world anyway? Look. I'm not the one with the problem, ok? It's the world that seems to have a problem with me. People take one look at me and go: AAA... Help! Run! A big stupid ugly Ogre. They judge me, before they even know me. That's why I'm better off alone. You know what? When we met, I didn't think you're just a big stupid, ugly Ogre. Yeah, I know. So, a... Are there any donkeys up there? Well, there's a Cabby. The small and annoying. Ok, ok. I see him, now. Big shining one, right there. That one, over there? That's the moon. Again. Show me again. Mirror, mirror, show her to me. Show me the princess. Perfect. Yeah. You know I like like that. Oh come on baby... -Donkey. Wake up. -What? -Wake up. Morning. How do you like your eggs? -Good morning princess. -What's all this about? You know, we kind of got of to a bad start yesterday and I wanted to make it up to you. I mean, after all, you did rescue me. Thanks. Well, eat up. We've got a big day ahead of us. -Shrek! -What? It's a compliment. Better out than in I always say. But that's no way to behave in front of a princess. -Thanks. -She's as nasty as you are. You know. You're not exactly what I've expected. Well, maybe you shouldn't judge people before you get to know them. Princess! What are you doing? ???mon shery, for I am your saviour. And I am rescuing you from this green...beast. Hey! That's my princess. Go find your own. Please, monster. Can't you see I'm a little busy here? Look, pal. I don't know who you think you are. Oh, of course. How rude that was. Please, let me introduce myself. Oh marry men! Man, that was annoying. Oh, you little... Shall we? ???all the forin??? Whoa, hold on, now. Where did that come from? -What? -That. Back there. That was amazing. Where did you learn that? Well, when one lives alone one has to learn these things in case there's a... There is an arrow in your butt. What? Oh, would you look at that. Oh, no... This is all my fault. I'm so sorry. -What's wrong? -Shrek's hurt. -Shrek's hurt? Shrek's hurt! -Oh, no. Shrek's going to die. -Donkey, I'm ok. You can't do this to me Shrek. I'm too young for you to die. Keep your legs elevated. Turn your head ???. -Does anyone know how to handle... -Donkey! Calm down. If you want to help Shrek, run into woods and find me a blue flower with red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. Ok, I'm on it. Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. Don't die Shrek. And if you see a long tunnel, stay away from the light! -Donkey! -Oh, yeah. Right. Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. -What are the flowers for? -For getting rid of the Donkey. Now, you hold still and I'll yank this thing out. -Hey! Easy with the yanking. -I'm sorry, but it has to come out. No, no. It's tender. What you're doing here is the opposite... -Don't move. -Ok, look. Time out. -Would you... Ok. What do you propose we do? Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. This would be so much easier if I wasn't colorblind. Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. Hold on, Shrek. I'm coming! Not good. Ok, ok, I can lose it. It's just about it. Nothing happened. We were just a... Look if you want to be alone, all you had to do is ask, ok? Oh, come on. That's the last thing on my mind. The princess here was just... Au! Hey, what's that? Is that... There it is, princess. -Your future awaits you. -That's Duloc? Yeah. I know. You'll shrink things lord Farquaad is compensating for something, which I think needs, he has a I guess we better move on. Sure, but Shrek... -I'm worried about Donkey. -What? I mean. Look at him. He doesn't look so good. -What are you talking about? I'm fine. -Well, that's what they always say. And the next thing you know you're on your back. -Dead! -You know she's right. You look awful. -Do you want to sit down? -You know, I'll make you up some tea. Well, I won't say nothing, but I've got this twinge in my neck. And if I turn my neck like this, look. Au, see? -He's hungry. I'll find us some dinner. -I'll get the firewood. Hey, where are you going? Oh man, I can't feel my thumbs. I don't have any thumbs!!! I think I need a hug. This is good. This is really good. -What is this? -Wheat rat. -Rotisserie style. -No kidding. -Oh, this is delicious. -Well, they also great in stews. Now, I don't mean to brag, but I make a mean wheat rat stew. I guess I'll be dining a little different late tomorrow night. Maybe you can come visit me in the swamp sometime. I'll cook all kinds of stuff for you. Swamp toast, soup fish, eye tartar. You name it. I'd like that. -Ah... , princess? -Yes, Shrek? I'm a.... I was wondering. Are you... a... Are you gonna eat that? Man, isn't this romantic. Just look at that sunset. Sunset?! Oh, no. It's late. It's very late. -What? -Wait a minute. I see what's going on here. You're afraid of the dark. Aren't you? Yes, yes. That's it. That's, I'm terrified. You know I'll better go inside. But don't feel bad, princess. I used to be afraid of the dark too. Until... Hey, no, wait. I'm still afraid of the dark. -Good night. -Good night. Ahh. Now I really see what's going on here. Oh, what are you talking about. Hey I don't wanna even hear. Look, I'm an animal and I got instincts. And I know that you two are digging on each other. I can feel it. Oh, you're crazy. I'm just bringing her back to Farquaad. Oh, come on, Shrek. Wake up and smell the fairemones. Just go in there and tell her how you feel. There's nothing to tell. Besides, even if I did tell her that... well you know. I'm not saying that I do, 'cause I don't. She's a princess and I'm... ...an Ogre. Yeah, an Ogre. -Hey, where are you going? -To get more firewood. Princess. Princess Fiona? Princess, where are you? Princess? It's very spooky in here and are we playing little games. -No, no. -Help! Shrek! Shrek! -No. -Shrek! -It's ok. It's ok. -What did you do with the princess? -Donkey, shhh. I'm the princess. -It's me, in this body. -Oh my god. You ate the princess. -Can you hear me? -Donkey! Listen, keep breathing. I'll get you out of there! Shrek! Shrek! Shrek! This is me. Princess? What happened to you? You're a... different. -I'm ugly, ok? -Yeah. Was it something that you ate? 'Cause I told Shrek those rats were a bad idea. -You are what you eat, I say. -No. I've been this way as long as I can remember. What do you mean? Look, I've never seen you like this before. It only happens when the sun goes down. By night one way, by day another. This shall be the norm until you find true love's first kiss. Then, take love's true form... -Oh, that's beautiful. I didn't know you wrote poetry. -It's the spell. When I was a little girl, a witch cast a spell on me. Every night I become this. This horrible ugly beast. I was placed in a tower to await the day when my true love would rescue me. That's why I have to marry lord Farquaad tomorrow, before the sun sets and he sees me, like this? All right, all right. Calm down. Look, it's not that bad. You're not that ugly. Wait, wait, I'll not lie, you are ugly. But you only look like this at night. Shrek's ugly 24/7. But Donkey, I'm a princess. And this is not how a princess is meant to look. Princess. How about if you don't marry Farquaad? I have to. Only my true love's kiss can brake the spell. But you know, you're kind of an Ogre. And Shrek... Well you've got a lot in common. Shrek? Princess, I... How is it going first of all? Good? Good for me to. I'm ok. I saw this flower and thought of you because it's pretty. And, well, I don't really like it, but I thought you may like it, because you're pretty. But I like you anyway. A.... I'm in trouble. Ok, here we go. Who could ever love a piece so hideous and ugly? Princess and ugly don't go together. That's why I can't stay here with Shrek, but only chance to live happily ever after is to marry my true love. Don't you see, Donkey? That's just how it has to be. It's the only way to break the spell. Well, at least you've got tell Shrek the truth. No, no. You can't breathe the word. No one must ever know. What's the point of being unable to talk? You got to keep secrets. Promise you won't tell. Promise! You know, before this is over, I'm going to need whole lot of serious therapies. All right, all right. I won't tell him. But you should. Look at my eye twitching. I tell him, I tell him not. I tell him. I tell him not. I tell him! Shrek! Shrek! There's something I want ... Shrek. Are you all right? Perfect. Never been better. I... There's something I have to tell you. You don't have to tell me anything, princess. I heard enough last night. -You've heard what I said? -Every word. I thought you'd understand? Oh, I understand! Like you said, who could love a hideous, ugly beast! -I thought that wouldn't matter to you. -Yeah, well, it does. Ah, right on time. Princess. I brought you a little something. What I missed? What I missed? -Princess Fiona. -As promised. Now hand it over. Very well, Ogre. The deed to your swamp. Cleared out as agreed. Take it and go. Before I change my mind. Forgive me princess for startling you, but you startled me. For I've never seen such a radiant beauty before. -I am lord Farquaad. -Lord Farquaad? Oh, no, no... forgive me my lord for I was just saying short... farewell. Oh. That is so sweet. You don't have to raise good manners on the Ogre. -It's not like it has feelings. -No. You're right. It doesn't. Princess Fiona, beautiful fair flawless Fiona, I ask your hand in marriage. Will you be the perfect bride for the perfect groom? Lord Farquaad, I accept. Nothing would make... Excellent! I'll start the plans for tomorrow we wedd... No! I mean I... Why wait? Let's get married today. Before sunset. Oh, anxious are we? You're right. The sooner, the better. There's so much to do. There is the camera, the cake, the band, the guests... Captain! Round up some guests. Farewell Ogre. Shrek, what are you doing? You let her get away. -Yeah, so what. -Shrek. There's something about her that you don't know. -I talked to her last night. She's... -Yeah I know you talked to her last night. You're great pal, aren't you? Now, if you two are such good friend, why didn't you follow her home? -Shrek. I want to go with you. -I told you, didn't I? You're not coming home with me. I live alone. My swamp, me and nobody else! Understand? Nobody! Especially useless, pathetic, annoying, talking donkeys! -But. I thought... -Yeah. You know what? You thought wrong. Shrek. Donkey? What are you doing? I was thinking of all the people, you would recognize a wall when you see one. Well, yeah. But the wall supposed to go around my swamp. Not through it. It is around your half. See? That's your half and this is my half. Oh, your half? Yes, my half. I helped rescue the princess. I did half the work. I get half the booty. Now hand me that big old rock, the one that looks like your head -Back off! -No. You back off! -This is my swamp. -Our swamp. -Let go, Donkey! -You let go! -Stubborn jackass. -Smelly Ogre. Fine! Hey, hey, come back here. I'm not through with you, yet. -Well, I'm through with you! -Well, you know. You were always me, me, me. Well, guess what? Now it's my turn! So you just shut up and pay attention! You are mean to me, you insult me, you don't appreciate anything that I do! You're always pushing me around or pushing me away. Oh, yeah? Well, if I treated you so bad, how come you came back? Because that's what friend do. They forgive each other! Oh, yeah. You're right Donkey. I forgive you for stabbing me in the back! You're so wrapped up in layers, onion boy. You're afraid of your own feelings. -Go away. -See? There you are, doing it again. Just like you did it to Fiona. And all she ever do, was like you. Maybe even love you. Love me? She said I was ugly! A hideous creature. -I heard that you two were talking. -She wasn't talking about you. She was talking about... ...somebody else. She wasn't talking about me? Well then, who was she talking about? No way, I'm not saying anything. You won't listen to me, right? Right? -Donkey. -No! Ok, look. I'm sorry, all right? I'm sorry. I guess I am just a big stupid, ugly Ogre. Can you forgive me? -Hey, that's the friends are for, right? -Right. -Friends? -Friends. So? What did Fiona said about me? Why are you asking me for? Why don't you just go ask her. The wedding! We'll never make it in time! Never fear! For where there is a will, there is a way. And I have I way. Donkey? -I guess this is just my act of magnetism. -Oh, come here, you. All right. All right. Don't get all started. No one likes kissass. All right, hop on. Hold on tight. I hadn't have a chance to install seat belts, yet. People of Duloc. We gather here today to bear witness to reunion of our new king... Excuse me. Could you just skip ahead to "I do's"? Go on. Go ahead and have some fun, if we need you, I'll whistle. How about that? Shrek, wait, wait a minute. You want to do this right, don't you? -What are you talking about? -It's the line, it's the line you got to wait for. The priest is going to say: "Speak now or forever hold your peace". And that's where you say: "I object". -I don't have time for this. -Wait, wait. What are you doing? Listen to me! Look, you love this woman, don't you? -Yes. -You want to hold her! -Yes. -Please her! -Yes! Then you got to, got to try a little tender love. -The chicks love that romantic crap. -All right. Cut it out. When does this guy say the line? We got to check it out. And as so by the power of these two... What do you see? -I now pronounce you... -There they go! -...he all ready said it. -Oh, for 'the love of pit'. I object! Shrek? Oh, now what does he want? Hi, everyone. Having a good time, aren't you? I love Duloc, first of all. Very clean. -What are you doing here? -Really, it's rude enough being alive, when no one wants you. But showing up uninvited to a wedding... -Fiona! I need to talk to you. -Oh, now you wanna talk? Well it's a little late for that. So if you'll excuse me. -But you can't marry him! -And why not? Because, because he's just marrying you so he can be king. -Outrageous! Fiona, don't listen to him. -He's not your true love. -What do you know about true love? -Well, I ...I'm in... Oh, this is precious. The Ogre has fallen in love with the princess. Laugh. Shrek. Is this true? Who cares. It's preposterious. Fiona, my love, we gonna kiss away for our happily ever after. Now kiss me! By night one way, by day another. I wanted to show you before. Well. That explains a lot. Oh. It's disgusting. Guards, guards. I order you to get them out of my sight. -Now! Get them! Get them, both! -No! This marriage is minding, and that makes me king. See? See? -Shrek! -No. -Don't just stand there, you dogs. -Get out of my way. No! Shrek! -And as for you my wife. -Fiona! I'll have you locked back in that tower for the rest of your days! I will have order. I will have potential. I will have... All right, nobody move! I got a dragon here and I'm not afraid to use it. I'm a donkey on the edge! Celebrity marriages. They never last, do they? Go ahead Shrek. -Fiona? -Yes, Shrek? I love you. Really? Really, really. I love you too. A time for true love's first kiss... Fiona? Fiona? Are you all right? Yes. But I don't understand. I'm supposed to be beautiful. But you are beautiful. I was hoping this would be a happy ending. God bless us, everyone.

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[d333f63d57...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/d333f63d574ea79e972e51ebfd895d0238c9626b)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 23:07:21 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 7/24/2020 11:00:00 PM

 1. Added: Need business ideas? Watch out for unbundlings
    (https://jakobgreenfeld.com/unbundlings)
 2. Added: A Federal Blue Checkmark, and Not Learning Lessons
    (https://anildash.com/2020/07/21/a-federal-blue-checkmark-wont-solve-online-speech-obviously/)
 3. Added: Avoiding Stupidity
    (https://www.codymccauley.com/post/avoiding-stupidity)
 4. Added: Pursuing Speed, Pt. 2 — 0xFF.nu
    (https://0xff.nu/speed-pt2)
 5. Added: Dreambuilding as a CEO
    (https://dcgross.com/ceo-the-dreambuilder)
 6. Added: A Short Guide to Statistical Rethinking²
    (https://rgoswami.me/posts/some-sol-sr2/)
 7. Added: Sets and Probability
    (https://stopa.io/post/243)
 8. Added: p410n3 blog
    (https://palone.blog/#post-the-story-of-my-first-incident-response-106)
 9. Added: The surprising science of alpha males & females: The most empathetic member of the group
    (https://leowid.com/the-surprising-science-of-alpha-males-the-most-empathetic-member-of-the-group/)
10. Added: Why Schrems is wrong - From Luxembourg with Love
    (https://blog.zoller.lu/2020/07/why-schrems-is-wrong-from-luxembourg.html)
11. Added: Realestate Investing for Engineers
    (https://louiebacaj.com/realestate-investing-for-engineers/)
12. Added: Twitter Card
    (http://cowboy.vc/blog/?p=416)
13. Added: From Dev to Devrel
    (https://www.justingarrison.com/blog/2020-07-23-dev-to-devrel/)

---
## [last-resort-gaming/LRG-Mission-Files](https://github.com/last-resort-gaming/LRG-Mission-Files)@[8c4b76d6ed...](https://github.com/last-resort-gaming/LRG-Mission-Files/commit/8c4b76d6edd1b8d21059c7cdb72eaf99087c8d8c)
#### Friday 2020-07-24 23:28:40 by Mokka

FightNight: Little Bird Update

Added third faction, added zone and general QoL stuff. Pylons are still fucked upon respawn, can't figure out why for the life of me

---

# [<](2020-07-23.md) 2020-07-24 [>](2020-07-25.md)

