# [<](2020-10-01.md) 2020-10-02 [>](2020-10-03.md)

2,779,981 events, 1,434,521 push events, 2,160,731 commit messages, 156,247,430 characters


## [dpadillaortiz/chess-text-based-game](https://github.com/dpadillaortiz/chess-text-based-game)@[3b3b4f5072...](https://github.com/dpadillaortiz/chess-text-based-game/commit/3b3b4f50722167a0d4ccce84f38c2d4452d6328b)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 05:36:32 by dpadillaortiz

HOLY FUCK I'M IDIOT! the onBoard funtion was setting the wrong arguements as 'coordinates', then checking if they were on the board (which they weren't) but since the wrong arguments were already set as the new coordinated it messed with the A,6 test. Now I changed it to check the arguemtns before setting the co0rdinates

---
## [axeurol/cat-chess](https://github.com/axeurol/cat-chess)@[37f7654b82...](https://github.com/axeurol/cat-chess/commit/37f7654b82804e1b0b8debd1e79b7f7e10bbeac3)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 05:55:01 by axeurol

Knight movement

Implemented knight movement (finally, yeah).
Pawns are W E I R D, I relly wasn't expecting them to be this weird, but will finish those by lunch probably.

---
## [mcclowes/freddieridell.com](https://github.com/mcclowes/freddieridell.com)@[8c7bdd1c5a...](https://github.com/mcclowes/freddieridell.com/commit/8c7bdd1c5a2ad221e4aab9b031cf4329f1a1208a)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 09:35:53 by Freddie Ridell

why does every commit need a message, fuck you Torvaldis

---
## [ondrejbudai/osbuild-composer](https://github.com/ondrejbudai/osbuild-composer)@[5051dc20a7...](https://github.com/ondrejbudai/osbuild-composer/commit/5051dc20a725db726c79f46d799cd220f5c08c11)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 09:58:39 by Ondřej Budai

upload/koji: use the new API of kolo/xmlrpc by default

Fedora 33 ships the new API so let's do the switch now.

But... this would break older Fedoras because they only have the old API,
right?

We have the following options:

1) Ship xmlrpc compat package to Fedora 33+. This would mean that we delay the API switch till F32 EOL. This would be the most elegant solution, yet it has two issues: a) We will surely not be able to deliver the compat package before F33 Final Freeze. b) It's an extra and annoying work.

2) Downstream patch. No.

3) Use build constraints and have two versions of our code for both different
   API.

I chose solution #3. It has an issue though:

%gobuild macro already passes -tags argument to go build. Therefore the
following line fails because it's not possible to use -tags more than once:

%gobuild -tags kolo_xmlrpc_oldapi ...

Therefore I had to come up with manual tinkering with the build constraints
in the spec file. This is pretty ugly but I like that:

1) Go code is actually clean, no weird magic is happening there.
2) We can still ship our software to Fedora/RHEL as we used to
   (no downstream patches)
3) All downstreams can use the upstream spec file directly.

Note that this doesn't affect RHEL in any way as it uses vendored libraries.

---
## [AprixStudios/Undefiner](https://github.com/AprixStudios/Undefiner)@[566ced63ad...](https://github.com/AprixStudios/Undefiner/commit/566ced63adb1b33edd032a906f748e9f2a48462e)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 13:23:53 by Aprixia

fuck you, borboss and mathew, making me fix something that had literally no effect at all in the first place

---
## [Ultz/Silk.NET](https://github.com/Ultz/Silk.NET)@[4ae5a303e4...](https://github.com/Ultz/Silk.NET/commit/4ae5a303e4238f3ed4fae199b6e64bb5ab2c0d0c)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 14:17:38 by Dylan Perks

God save our gracious Queen, long live our noble Queen

God save the Queen!
Send her victorious,
Happy and glorious,
Long to reign over us,
God save the Queen!

O Lord our God arise,
Scatter our enemies,
And make them fall!
Confound their politics,
Frustrate their knavish tricks,
On Thee our hopes we fix,
God save us all!

Not in this land alone,
But be God’s mercies known,
From shore to shore!
Lord make the nations see,
That men should brothers be,
And form one family,
The wide world o’er.

From every latent foe,
From the assassins blow,
God save the Queen!
O’er her thine arm extend,
For Britain’s sake defend,
Our mother, prince, and friend,
God save the Queen!

Thy choicest gifts in store,
On her be pleased to pour,
Long may she reign!
May she defend our laws,
And ever give us cause,
To sing with heart and voice,
God save the Queen!

---
## [rithikrajeshnair/Hacktoberfest](https://github.com/rithikrajeshnair/Hacktoberfest)@[7607ec6909...](https://github.com/rithikrajeshnair/Hacktoberfest/commit/7607ec69094882786cc4fb9c126c9ebbe591d0c0)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 15:12:00 by Rithik Rajesh

A challlenge based on Numpy and pandas 

Consider a datasets that is a pair of sentences as follows

Who are you? , Helen.
Where Are you?, I am at home.

Now consider the machine only knows these 4 sentences (The machine is a baby👶 who has only heard these 4 sentences ever in its life and has ridiculously good memory).
It's vocabulary should contain only

  0       1      2       3          4        5    6    7    8
['who' 'are' 'you' 'helen' 'where' 'i' 'am' 'at' 'home'] (vocabulary length - 9)

Now the objective is converting each sentence in such a way, the uniqueness of the words are not lost as well as its order.
For this we imagine an 1-dimensional numpy array to represent each word. This numpy array has same length as the length of vocabulary (here, 9) such that
   > value 0 if the word at that index of vocabulary list is not the word the numpy array represents
   > value 1 if the word at that index of vocabulary list is the word the numpy array represents

example-

who  - 1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
are  - 0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
you - 0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0

Therefore, the sentence as a whole becomes a 2-dimensional array as 
[ [1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],
  [0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0],
  [0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0],]

Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to make a google colab notebook which
>  Provides an upload option to upload the dataset(CSV file) and
> Step by Step conversion of the pair of sentences into pairs of 2-dimensional numpy arrays as explained above. (include text cells describing what each part of your code does, (to prevent accidental miracles 😜))
>  print the vocabulary list and the pairs of 2-dimensional arrays of each row in input.

*NOTES*
>  The vocabulary list is fixed throughout a single data set and not just 1 sentence. Hence the shape of each sentence would be 
   number of words in sentence, number of words in vocabulary
   So you should consider the full data set when making the vocabulary list.
> You may order the vocabulary list your own way but the same list should be used to find the 2-dimensional arrays throughout a single data set.
> you can ignore and remove punctuation (for now), they are just annoying.
> Sample input data can be found here -> http://dravog.me/data/input.csv
   Do remember to ignore the header row.
> Sample output can be found here -> http://dravog.me/data/output.csv

###########################3
I did the coding part in colloab so some part of the code works only in it.

---
## [noaione/naoTimes](https://github.com/noaione/naoTimes)@[6cb4b63397...](https://github.com/noaione/naoTimes/commit/6cb4b6339714c121994be4aa1d0e2a99660794e5)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 16:06:42 by noaione

bot: create more initialize, config check, some "beautification"
this will make sure "not activated" thing will not obstruct the bot
too much.

the beautification is just when on_ready startup called.
also I actually make exception catch when extension already loaded
and if the owner try to use `load` command.

Also add KeyError catch when trying to reenable command but the command
is missing from `copy_of_commands` attrs (or maybe it's mistyped lol)

I don't know what I changed, and there's still some stuff that should
be changed as well, but It's 11pm and my brain already not working properly
so I'm gonna stop here and continue tommorow morning before I made
changes that make me suffer next time I see it.

Note to self:
- Change the reloadconf command
- Configure showtimes to be disabled if database is disabled.
  For this, I think I could use the main showtimes cogs and not the subcogs
  I'm just not gonna load if the `ntdb` attrs is a NoneType.

Time to watch VTuber and sign-off
[Watch Towa](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1uv2Oq6kNxgATlCiez59hw)

Signed-off-by: noaione <noaione0809@gmail.com>

---
## [jnaulty/podcast](https://github.com/jnaulty/podcast)@[44d6bdd2cd...](https://github.com/jnaulty/podcast/commit/44d6bdd2cdfd13b6adb7489353a681ad6c8316c2)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 16:49:09 by John Naulty

Add three talking points

Discuss Turingpis and what people could use them for (homelab, personal
cloud, kubernetes playground, running hashbang services 'for the cause', monero farm, etc)

Discuss random things in the crypto world like how some people are
growing 'virtual weed' in a 'virtual game' with a 'virtual currency'.
This digital experience is at the intersection of two
industries--cryptocurrency and cannabis--both
of which have had a bumpy ride with regulators, lawmakers, and citizens
alike. There's a lot to dissect in this topic:
- the opsec of the company behind this game
- getting a new demographic 'into' cryptocurrency (does onboarding
include teaching users how to protect their digital assets?)
- cannabis, cryptocurrency, and banking the unbanked
  - how many family-owned cannabis-businesses struggle in states like California
  because they reside in a legal 'gray' zone between state and federal
  law

Discuss ways to protect digital assets using hardware wallets, as well
as an overview of popular opensource and closesource hardware wallets.
- what are ways in which attackers steal keys from personal hardware
wallets?
- how do personal hardware wallets compare to 'industry'-grade wallets?
- how do the most paranoid among us store their cryptokitties?
- what are some of the fails in hardware hardware/firmware in the past
[list of hardware wallet
hacks](https://thecharlatan.ch/List-Of-Hardware-Wallet-Hacks/)

---
## [alan-andrade/prolink_connect](https://github.com/alan-andrade/prolink_connect)@[9d46910a56...](https://github.com/alan-andrade/prolink_connect/commit/9d46910a564eadd5afd3f2fb897e5f2a3bada8cf)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 16:49:19 by Alan Andrade

Uses 2 main processes to gather information from the network.

This design feels more idiomatic and I'm more satisfied with it.
A clunky thing that still annoys me is the way the keep alive packets
are being created. The need to be passing an Iface feels off too.

Before the process gets linked, a new dictionary if created with
vcdj properties that will stick around just so the keep alive
packet can be created at the moment of sending. This recreates the
packet every, single, time. I don't like that since there's really
no need for the packet to be regenerated.

I'm trying to find a way in which this annoyance gets fixed and I'm
thinking there could probably be another process that handles the
specifics of network interactions. Not sure. This idea takes
inspiration on the fact that separating process by the socket they
use was probably a good move.

Another challenge I'll have to resolve is that I'm wrapping UDP sockets
with `Socket`. Later on I'll need TCP sockets to query for the current
playing track so the abstraction will need to change.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[0b9bd1cc9f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0b9bd1cc9f7b02ca177fa6bf5305ddcec6ce0e05)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 17:17:22 by Marko Grdinić

"6:05pm. Yeah, no point in resuming now. Oh the PL thread is finally up.

///

While in the background [spiking NNs are closing the gap](https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/iv29mh/r_eventprop_backpropagation_for_exact_gradients/) with float-using ones, I continue to work on Spiral v0.2, eager not to be left behind by the flow of circumstances. In my last review I said I was 95% done with the typechecking phase. During the first half of the month I spent the time filling in the gaps and testing. In the type inferencer all the features that I wanted have been added, and the feedback from the hover provider works great. The bugs that I could find have been eliminated and the whole system is smooth and snappy. The errors get displayed directly in VS Code and the hover provider shows the type in the tooltip when I hover over variables. It is simply a thing of beauty. I have to give credit to the [Hopac library](https://github.com/Hopac/Hopac/blob/master/Docs/Programming.md) where it is due. Both it and [NetMQ](https://zguide.zeromq.org/) made the concurrency challenges much easier, and I would have had a lot harder time making progress without them. I was completely right to take my sweet time during the first half of the year to educate and build up my skills in concurrency.

Very recently, I've finished the partial evaluation prepass, and now I am gearing up to finish the language implementation. Once I do the partial evaluation pass, the language will be pretty much done. There is also the codegen after it, but out of all the passes the code generation is the easiest one in my view.

The partial evaluation pass is something I am deeply familiar with at this point and I have a large cache of code from the previous version, so it won't give me much trouble. Right now I am struggling though. It happens every time I decide to make a big step, the prepass was not an exception either - there is a big sense of inertia that I need to push myself to overcome. I need to coax, cajole and brainstorm; I need to shut myself away from the world and look inwards. Once I do that for long enough the strength needed to overcome the psychological inertial builds up and I am able to make progress.

Working a language is tough. As great as the finished, polished Spiral v0.2 will be, a great asset to both myself and the world at large, the language as it is now in its unfinished state is just a huge burden to me. Thanks to my newfound concurrency skills I feel like my programming has made a qualitative change and could act in a professional capacity regardless of the domain, but until v0.2 is done I will be completely chained to work on the language.

Though getting to a polished level will take me till the end of 2021, by the end of October I will have something that can compile code from start to finish and will be able to breathe welcome sigh of relief. My willingness to work on a compiler has been hitting my limit for a while now, and I would much rather program in Spiral instead. Though I am deeply familiar with partial evaluation and code generation, it is still a large pile of work I have to essentially grind though.

It's torture.

---

...On the bright side, in the 4-5 days since I've written the above paragraphs I've made absolutely remarkable progress on the partial evaluator. I've actually gotten all the hardest cases out of the way and at this rate I'll finish it in two days. Compared to how much work I had to do in order to get to a similar point back in 2017 and 2018, this rate of progress is like a plane. Just two more days of this, and then the codegen and I'll reach the finish line.

Another mountain of work will no doubt be waiting for me after that, but I'll have the leeway of choosing which mountain that will be rather than being railroaded as I am now. I am bursting at the seams to go from working *on* Spiral to working *in* Spiral.

///

Let me cut it off from 'It's torture.' and I'll write something else.

6:50pm. Done with lunch, let me finish the review.

7:05pm. This is good. Let me go with this.

Posted it. And I am done for the day here.

7:10pm. Tomorrow, I will be crushing it. After I finish the partial evaluator I'll slow down a bit before resuming with the codegen. After I am done with the codegen, there will still be plenty of work to integrate it with the editor, but that won't require reams and reams of code."

---
## [Maetrim/DDOBuilder](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder)@[007019ff91...](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder/commit/007019ff91e750e98ff25179ed2bccebc08ef9cf)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 18:13:31 by Maetrim

Build 1.0.0.109

Fix: Grease is now correctly classed as a Conjuration spell (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: "Draconic Incarnation: Precise Casting: Conjuration / Evocation" now correctly require Spell Focus: Conjuration/Evocation (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: "Draconic Incarnation: Piercing Spellcraft" now correctly requires "Spell Penetration" (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: "Magister: Piercing Spellcraft" now correctly requires "Spell Penetration"
Fix: "Knight of the Chalice: Ascendancy" now has a slider and effects (Suggested in game by NaughtyNancy)
Fix: Debug assert on effect Feat names fixed
Fix: "Knight of the Chalice: Exalted Attack" will now show as a Square symbol correctly after selection
Fix: "Favored Weapon" effects will now work correctly for non-weapon breakdowns (e.g. Melee/Ranged/Spell Power)
Fix: Spell power breakdowns and types re-ordered internally to get "Favored Weapon" effects to work correctly
Fix: Spell "Rend the Soul" is now correctly a Necromancy spell (Reported by crcabanillas)
Fix: Paladin tree "Sacred Defender" compared to live and text updated in places (wiki updated also)
Fix: Many item images with lock/non proficiency updated
Fix: "Legendary Sin Soul" updated to have correct effects (Reported by Gizah10)
Fix: All slavelord augments for spell power descriptions updated to specify Equipment bonus not Enhancement (Reported by Gizah10)
Fix: 3 Epic feat images are now correctly transparent
Fix: Spell "Bless" description and effects updated (Reported by Bjond)
Fix: Spell "Prayer" description and effects updated (Reported by Bjond)
Fix: Spell "Angelskin" effects updated (Reported by Bjond)
Fix: The software will no longer crash when trying to set a class level to "Unknown"
Fix: Spell effects will now update correctly on class change to/from caster classes
---Bug: effects do not yet update on caster level changes due to epic destinies (but will be correct on file reload)
Fix: Applied caster levels for spell effects are now correct (not caster level + 1)
Fix: Enhancement view will now position Universal tree icons correctly on a resize when window is scrolled
New: Right clicking a trained spell now gives the option to clear it
Missing Item:
---Stickerclick, the Bitter Hail of Bolts (Repeating Heavy Crossbow from Project Nemesis)

---
## [RishuRajan/data-structure-or-anythings](https://github.com/RishuRajan/data-structure-or-anythings)@[2ba9e0bbb6...](https://github.com/RishuRajan/data-structure-or-anythings/commit/2ba9e0bbb6fc9e99ae24e598d48dbb804070eeba)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 19:07:36 by Rishu Rajan

Create Friend's Relationship

Jack is your friend and Sophia is his girlfriend. But due to some unknown reason ( unknown for us, they know it) Sophia started hating to Jack. Now, Jack is in big trouble but he has a solution, He knows that if he will gift T patterns of a particular type ( For pattern observation see the sample test cases) then Sophia will start loving again to Jack. But Jack is depressed now and need your help to gift her that type patterns of '*' and '#' of N lines. So, it's your responsibility to save your friend's relationship.

Constraints :

1 ≤  T ≤ 100

1 ≤  N ≤ 30

Input :

First Line contains T i.e. number of test case.
Each of the next T lines contain an integer N.

---
## [DemonSlayer1997/Project_Brutality](https://github.com/DemonSlayer1997/Project_Brutality)@[0fb78a48c2...](https://github.com/DemonSlayer1997/Project_Brutality/commit/0fb78a48c24c15c66ecf985911d819f849375a6a)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 20:53:58 by Demon Slayer

fixed cvarinfo. More changes in description

Removed unnecessary revolver sprite, removed special folder in Carbine section, removed unnecessary DMR and Kick sprites, removed unnecessary Plasmagun M1 and M2 sprites, removed unused Female Marine sprites, removed unnecessary sprites from the Items folder, removed unnecessary sprites from the Monsters Fatality folder (Pain Elemental ), removed the BlackGuys folder from the Players / Skins section, removed unnecessary fatality sprites - Aracnorb and Flying Mastermind, removed the Aracnob and Motherdemon folders (also removed from Actors / Monsters and the code from DECORATE), also removed unnecessary Black Hole sprites - Aracnotron 64 and Aracnord, also removed unnecessary shit from CVARINFO

---
## [cuberite/cuberite](https://github.com/cuberite/cuberite)@[cd1b507745...](https://github.com/cuberite/cuberite/commit/cd1b50774512e09736b78df025163ab9b26bd528)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 20:57:21 by KingCol13

Fix instant mining of blocks not being recognised, tweak anti-cheat (#4938)

* Tried to fix a small issue...

Ended up rewriting a bunch of god awful, opaque code with no source
and no sense. Who names a function GetPlayerRelativeBlockHardness???
It's gone now. We're safe again.

* Testing anti-cheat.

* Tidy up debug logging.

* Remove empty member declaration.

* Rewrite GetDigSpeed slightly for better readability.

* GetMiningProgressPerTick now returns 1 when instantly mined. Fixed hasily written typo.

* Comment style and typo fixes.

---
## [tsagaanbar/data-structure](https://github.com/tsagaanbar/data-structure)@[515bd8cbb5...](https://github.com/tsagaanbar/data-structure/commit/515bd8cbb5a3dee6d508043d873e0fc441f762a9)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 21:00:09 by henry_23

updated linklist

Look how awful the code I have written on a night several days before is! And look those silly mistakes... It's really annoying that I'm not always at my sharpest when I need to code...
Fortunately I finally finish it!

---
## [Maxisthemoose/discord-uno](https://github.com/Maxisthemoose/discord-uno)@[84ca8de1c7...](https://github.com/Maxisthemoose/discord-uno/commit/84ca8de1c7d41c0269e1bd14a5e29c3a21bbe6bf)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 21:48:51 by Maxisthemoose

god damn it, i forgot about the fucking stupid comment

---
## [cdmichaels13/PF2E-Creature-Maker](https://github.com/cdmichaels13/PF2E-Creature-Maker)@[386014288c...](https://github.com/cdmichaels13/PF2E-Creature-Maker/commit/386014288c621da8bd2f715b1b666f5304f8b807)
#### Friday 2020-10-02 22:45:22 by Christian Michaels

Fixed creature saves, did not change do-while to while because fuck you Austin

---

# [<](2020-10-01.md) 2020-10-02 [>](2020-10-03.md)

