# [<](2020-09-06.md) 2020-09-07 [>](2020-09-08.md)

3,415,225 events, 1,346,260 push events, 1,975,382 commit messages, 169,028,918 characters


## [kienleholdings/zephyr](https://github.com/kienleholdings/zephyr)@[e2df9d6250...](https://github.com/kienleholdings/zephyr/commit/e2df9d6250094124d8d25b0ee614b36f2c7b8d94)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 01:31:25 by jrkienle

Honestly just fuck my shit up I'm coding on a Sunday

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[e095ea00f3...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/e095ea00f3b6bd18140897783df040adfde52308)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 01:35:40 by Terry N. Muse

emode balance
 flying dragon has +20% damage and attack speed, projectile has x1.5 speed
 sky dragon fury has +25% damage
 shadow dodge causes holy price debuff
 vampire knives only have a 50% chance of giving lifesteal
gutted heart creeper life halved and defense removed, but creepers only take 25% contact damage from npcs
tried fixing the glitch that caused enemies to not call HitEffect() when defeated
mech leash adjusted: eyes spawned on hit last for less time and spawns fewer eyes on hit
will champ now aims his bomb at you (contact damage removed)

---
## [alumxi22/website](https://github.com/alumxi22/website)@[fcdab22c1e...](https://github.com/alumxi22/website/commit/fcdab22c1ecd4122c31faefa0a6b61ece13f4c09)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 02:11:17 by Colleen Josephson

Past events (#7)

* added some past events to the events page, and two more photos to the capitl campaign page

* forgot the goddamn prettier script again

* also forgot to re-run hugo god fucking damn

* add emacs files to .gitignore

Co-authored-by: Colleen Josephson <cajoseph@stanford.edu>

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[f56e32ab97...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/f56e32ab97e69ec92223474b22fea9dc0f6d5cce)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 02:12:55 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Zombies can be decapped again, un-nerfs esword/armblade/etc wounding power, improvised cauterization tweaks (#676)

* Zombies can be decapped again, un-nerfs esword/armblade/etc wounding power, improvised cauterization tweaks (#53349)

#53117 introduced a few minor bugs with the health system, in this case, zombies being un-decappable due to an oversight in the head/chest dismember requiring full death rather than either full crit or death. As zombies (or anything with TRAIT_NODEATH) can only reach hard crit and not death, this meant they couldn't be decapped/disemboweled. This fixes that. It also fixes krokodil addict zombies being unwoundable due to not having flesh or bone traits.

Next up, I originally set really high negative wound bonuses for high damage weapons like eswords and armblades since they already had high damage and dismember power by themselves. Now that dismembering is tied to wounding power (and I have a better sense of balance values), these harsh nerfs are no longer needed or wanted, and you can actually dismember people worth a damn with an esword again. I also punched up the wounding power of a few other weapons like saws and scalpels to less awful (but still not optimal) against armor.

Attacks currently have an 80% chance to hit the limb you're aiming at, which can make destroying a limb a complete pain even if the target is already down and out. As such, attacks against prone targets now have a 90% chance to hit the targeted limb, cutting the miss rate in half.

Lastly, trying to cauterize bleeding wounds with improvised tools (anything hot that isn't a cautery) is now slightly less efficient than a real cautery and requires an aggro grab on the patient to apply. No more trying to cauterize the person you just attacked with an esword because you were on help intent!

* Zombies can be decapped again, un-nerfs esword/armblade/etc wounding power, improvised cauterization tweaks

Co-authored-by: Ryll Ryll <3589655+Ryll-Ryll@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [pjbeam/downpour](https://github.com/pjbeam/downpour)@[04e5f79288...](https://github.com/pjbeam/downpour/commit/04e5f79288f0ae45315fadf4410ecdc49550b9e4)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 05:08:45 by pjbeam

So I switched to Python because I am more interested in learning about BitTorrent at the moment than i am the intricacies of Rust's memory model, etc. It was fun playing with Rust code and I will again, but in the interest of writing a program that does something I am being cowardly and going to Python. In any event, I've leveraged the bencodepy package to handle the bencode encode/decode functionality and have gotten far enough that these shitty functions now create a query string that successfully initiates getting peers from the tracker. Lots of cleanup to do next time but this is something now. I've found some protocol sketches from Azureus re always encrypted torrenting, which is interesting. I'll have to think about it but an encrypted-only implementation could be useful, if not to the world, to me for the purpose of sending data back and forth between my friends and I while shielding it somewhat from the evil eye. Regardless of the future for this silly project, I'm now a significant step closer to downloading the She Gods of Shark Reef with my own code, and that of the infinite (ridiculous) Python import. (Import antigravity, anyone??)

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[f05703b071...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/f05703b0715eaef448597ef62f115a9b8fc6813b)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 06:24:57 by quietly-turning

update SL Acknowledgments

That morning, xxxxxx and I went out together for the 9 AM smoke break.
Neither of us smoke, but she asked if I wanted to do that "thing where
you hold hands and spin around really fast."

Lying still on the ground with the blue and clouds and sun spinning
over me, I heard the attending nurse threaten something about Isolation
Time Out if we didn't settle down.

At lunch, yyyyyy gave me a letter.

    30 August
    Life without you Dan will be dull, because I look forward to seeing
    those beautiful light blue eyes.

    Must you go and leave me Dan?

    I just beginning to relax by hearing your sweet singing and playing
    of the guitar.

    Why Dan, you haven't even seen my son and he's coming sometime
    today. Why not meet him Dan? He'll idolize you. Even clown around and
    love for you to tickle him on his stomach.

    Peace be with you always.

    Love Always,
    yyyyyy

In that she had spent four hours the previous night laughing insensibly,
I considered this letter nothing less than miraculous and thanked her
for it.

xxxxxx and I exchanged lengthy goodbye letters that evening.

   Today's incident outdoors was atypical for me, to say the least.
   Although I pretended not to have enjoyed it (due to being reprimanded
   by the nurse) I was definitely laughing and smiling on the inside.
   For the short moment while we were spinning, I felt free, like I
   didn't have any problems in the world and I wasn't in a psychiatric
   ward. I felt totally at peace. Even the fall was splendid! Thank you!

I left that night feeling very light of spirit.

I'm home now. A few scars and a folder overflowing with the essays,
poems, and prose I wrote are my only tangible ties to those weeks.

While I'm happy with the things I wrote while there, there were surely a
million times I wished I had my camera with me. Sometimes a photo just
makes more sense.

For example, I wanted to take a picture of the nameplate on the door of
Dr. Looney's office. I wanted to take a black and white shot
highlighting the perfectly angular spider web on the black gatepost,
just as I wished I could have captured the scene of zzzzzz in front of
the outdoor smoking area, gazing into the dark night as moonlight poured
through the posts creating an intricate display of shadow around him.

After spinning and falling on Saturday, I laid on the ground for a while
to let my senses stabilize, and I saw a flower that had pushed its way
up between two bricks. It was the color of the sky and the clouds and
vivid August afternoon daydreams. It had the essence of friendship
formed from shared understanding. It felt aware of its evanescence and
knew that it still had so much to show the world. I wish I could have
taken a photograph of it.

I know that doesn't make sense; it's hard to explain, really. I wish I
could show you a photo, but my words will have to suffice for now.

---
## [elenawinters/Stitch](https://github.com/elenawinters/Stitch)@[aa7b428b58...](https://github.com/elenawinters/Stitch/commit/aa7b428b58eb77390c9871c929fa7b9da0824ff9)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 06:33:26 by elenawinters

Implement utils.hack_the_planet()

Also made every function in updates run on different threads.

hack_the_planet is used to get all functions in a class. It does this through some weird magic shit that I really hate and never want to touch again, but it works.

---
## [ThatCraws/MrX](https://github.com/ThatCraws/MrX)@[91923ba05a...](https://github.com/ThatCraws/MrX/commit/91923ba05a05347bc52531d13f6262e6a07ae958)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 14:37:20 by Julien

Made the Render an abstract class, because City and Figure share a lot of the same methods and fields. Supplied needed methods/fields via getters and protected. Finally reworked the Figure-Class. And got it to move (not teleport, fuck this TODO) between cities. Wasted hours to give it an ease-in and ease-out animation (actually using some basic geometry, dayum). All Figures and Mr. X are now on one sprite. ALSO, most important change probably: A Place now has a field to save the City it is represented by. The City ALWAYS tracks its Place, but the other way around can and should be set via Place.setCity after instantiation. Same thing for Player and Figure. Player now has Player.setFigure-method. The reason for that is, that when I set a Player to a new Place I want to be able to get the Figure and set it to the position of the City.

Set the fps to 30. Shit just got real. Little demo to let the Figure travel to different Places.
Up next: Destroy my beautiful auto-generated mess of a map and hardcode one (test-sized is good for now, but I need to get the real game-conditions going). Then draw the streets.
Let the game begin.

---
## [poettering/systemd](https://github.com/poettering/systemd)@[a6c3c1c0b3...](https://github.com/poettering/systemd/commit/a6c3c1c0b39d9e953dd72514cfab9b5181d7c78b)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 17:10:54 by Lennart Poettering

btrfs: if BTRFS_IOC_DEV_INFO returns /dev/root generate a friendly error message

On systems that boot without initrd on a btrfs root file systems the
BTRFS_IOC_DEV_INFO ioctl returns /dev/root as backing device. That
sucks, since that is not a real device visible to userspace.

Since this has been that way since forever, and it doesn't look like the
kernel will get fixed soon for this, let's at least generate a useful
error message in this case.

This is not a bug fix, just a tweak to make this more recognizable.

Once the kernel gets fixed to report the correct device nodes in this
case, in a way userspace can make sense of them things will magically
work for systemd, too.

(Note that this doesn't add a log message about this to really all cases
we call get_device() in, but just the main ones that are called in early
boot context, after all all there's no benefit in seeing this message
too many times.)

https://github.com/systemd/systemd/issues/16953
https://bugs.freedesktop.org/show_bug.cgi?id=84689
https://bugzilla.kernel.org/show_bug.cgi?id=89721

---
## [karimsla/Licencing](https://github.com/karimsla/Licencing)@[e54863579f...](https://github.com/karimsla/Licencing/commit/e54863579f1a06c5f52a80a1f77cec2603c4bed9)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 18:31:30 by karim

changed the template my god i was working with the shitest template ever XD i m back with my love midone

---
## [alexhb1/mapUON](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON)@[dca52d8463...](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON/commit/dca52d846399e21660df656a6abcca2e8838eb91)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 21:36:53 by PennSylvannia

damn

there was a lot to this, also fuck yeah first major vassal lol

---
## [Superlagg/goonstation](https://github.com/Superlagg/goonstation)@[7507c118b0...](https://github.com/Superlagg/goonstation/commit/7507c118b06d7fcd7c26d6033e1bf5a667b524bb)
#### Monday 2020-09-07 22:24:58 by Superlagg

i mean personally I thought that having the butt made of slag instead of pharosium would've been in the same vein as having the butt be made from buttflesh and not normal flesh, cus it sounds more fitting for a butt to be made from gross, useless-ass slag and not refined, functional pharosium, cus its a butt for frricks sake, its not some sophisticated piece of prosthetic science, its a set of metal ass cheeks that makes a fart noise. butt, having all the cyberorgans set to the same material is legit a good idea, cus it'd make it a lot more consistent if we want an organ's materials to affect the organ itself. or if we make slag radioactive or something and have all the borgs make everyone's hair fall out. shit, thats a good idea actually, thanks Sov!

---

# [<](2020-09-06.md) 2020-09-07 [>](2020-09-08.md)

