# [<](2020-04-04.md) 2020-04-05 [>](2020-04-06.md)

2,600,918 events, 1,091,894 push events, 1,566,655 commit messages, 95,130,573 characters


## [BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet)@[294b222c82...](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/294b222c82d53126c3f2238734aaad8e5ef0476c)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 00:00:50 by zeskorion

Opens a new viro slot (#1387)

* Map Changes

* Changes to virologist starting gear

* Opens up two viro slots

* fixes airlock

* fixes some walls

* forgot to mapmerge

* fucked up mapmerge, i fucking hate mapmerge

* alright, fixes some stupid travis shit. fuck mapping, man

---
## [hoxiwoopboop/restoration-mod](https://github.com/hoxiwoopboop/restoration-mod)@[63f90ed8e3...](https://github.com/hoxiwoopboop/restoration-mod/commit/63f90ed8e305aa421c9026012c63a5a6432c0df3)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 00:10:23 by Hoxi

CopActionHurt complete rework + fixes

-Optimized the entirety of the file by using locals for global functions that constantly get called.

-Fixed the pseudorandomization function not working with negative heist timers (like in Cursed Kill Room) or if the timer is too low (below a minute, roughly). It should also be more consistent across peers by only making use of the heist timer (which gets synced by the host), instead of using os.time() and Application:time(), which can differ for every peer (yes, the latter is used for the heist timer, but by itself it can differ).

-All hurt animations can now be synced through the file.

-Certain redirects will no longer check for conditions like being vulnerable to them in this file, as that's supposed to be checked through CopDamage before the hurt is even applied.

-Fixed copy-pasted or outright wrong code that made it so some animations weren't playing, like fire_hurt never playing a "fwd" variant, "death" never playing "var0" for enemies, shield_knock never playing one of its variants.

-ResMod only: cleaned up a bit of the code that prevents the ragdoll sequence from playing and forces a certain death animation.

-death_run (death while running fwd or sprinting) now makes use of the "prepare_ragdoll" sequence for a smooth ragdoll transition.

-heavy_run (heavy_hurt while running fwd or sprinting) now actually requires the unit to be moving forward.

-fire_death now forces a ragdoll whenever an animation has the flag to do so. Normally fire forces a ragdoll on death for enemies using ropes, now it also applies when acting, doing a dodge roll, etc, so that they no longer snap into position and start the animation.

-Enemies dying to fire will delete their fire effects and stop the burn sound loop if they despawn before these are finished.

-Bots dying in the bleedout state play the correct animation now.

-Bots (or any unit) in bleedout can now autofire and shoot consistently like in CopActionShoot. They will also no longer snap when doing sharp turns, or instantly be able to fire just by having LoS. Instead, they will now smoothly aim around, and they visually need to aim at their target to be able to fire.

-Concussion animations are now directional instead of being completely random, as there are specific ones used for this. The random aspect is kept only when hit from the front, where the "fwd" variant or other 5 generic ones (made to be used when hit from the front) are used. The animations now make the affected unit move and rotate if needed, instead of just moving in place (this is built in the animation themselves, it's just never used, plus the actual animation state for this one lacks a lot of things so it was done wrong from the get-go, this is also why I won't be using the unique animations that shields have, for now at least).

-Tasing enemies (except enemies with the shield animations subset) makes them use the same animation as when bots get tased. This along with some CopDamage changes allows you to tase enemies for different durations depending on the charge of the hit. Anyone doing this animation is now able to aim and shoot in front of them (the head rotation might look a little wonky but I can't do much about that, I'll try to further polish it later). The way they shoot is also similar to players, where they fire in bursts or constant single-shots, instead of autofiring until empty or just firing one shot if using a single-shot weapon. Enemies with the shield animation subset won't be able to shoot when tased and will play the usual tased animations.

-Both tasing and hurting NPCs enables friendly fire once again. Worry not, they can't hit civilians nor hostages in this state, only active teammates, so it will only benefit you (except when a bot gets tased, in which case they can end up hitting other bots).

-Speaking of tase/hurt shooting, tasing an enemy will make them shoot at all times. If hurt/killed, they will only randomly fire their weapons outside of stealth.

-Enemies will also play their loud alerts when hurt or killed while not in stealth, instead of also using the now base/native upgrades for silent kills. However, I'm not sure if enemies will ignore them.

-Most hurt animations will block other animations from playing until the hurt_exit animation flag is set to true (happens near the end of an animation, except for concussion because the state is just badly set up). This means enemies won't flinch while being tased or playing hurt animations, and shield_knock can't be spammed on the same enemy constantly.

---
## [emilazy/nixpkgs](https://github.com/emilazy/nixpkgs)@[ec15e751c3...](https://github.com/emilazy/nixpkgs/commit/ec15e751c3049d339a8173109cf5a16ea207aafd)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 01:30:13 by Emily

nixos/acme: change default keyType to ec256

Previously, the NixOS ACME module defaulted to using P-384 for
TLS certificates. I believe that this is a mistake, and that we
should use P-256 instead, despite it being theoretically
cryptographically weaker.

The security margin of a 256-bit elliptic curve cipher is substantial;
beyond a certain level, more bits in the key serve more to slow things
down than add meaningful protection. It's much more likely that ECDSA
will be broken entirely, or some fatal flaw will be found in the NIST
curves that makes them all insecure, than that the security margin
will be reduced enough to put P-256 at risk but not P-384. It's also
inconsistent to target a curve with a 192-bit security margin when our
recommended nginx TLS configuration allows 128-bit AES. [This Stack
Exchange answer][pornin] by cryptographer Thomas Pornin conveys the
general attitude among experts:

> Use P-256 to minimize trouble. If you feel that your manhood is
> threatened by using a 256-bit curve where a 384-bit curve is
> available, then use P-384: it will increases your computational and
> network costs (a factor of about 3 for CPU, a few extra dozen bytes
> on the network) but this is likely to be negligible in practice (in a
> SSL-powered Web server, the heavy cost is in "Web", not "SSL").

[pornin]: https://security.stackexchange.com/a/78624

While the NIST curves have many flaws (see [SafeCurves][safecurves]),
P-256 and P-384 are no different in this respect; SafeCurves gives
them the same rating. The only NIST curve Bernstein [thinks better of,
P-521][bernstein] (see "Other standard primes"), isn't usable for Web
PKI (it's [not supported by BoringSSL by default][boringssl] and hence
[doesn't work in Chromium/Chrome][chromium], and Let's Encrypt [don't
support it either][letsencrypt]).

[safecurves]: https://safecurves.cr.yp.to/
[bernstein]: https://blog.cr.yp.to/20140323-ecdsa.html
[boringssl]: https://boringssl.googlesource.com/boringssl/+/e9fc3e547e557492316932b62881c3386973ceb2
[chromium]: https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=478225
[letsencrypt]: https://letsencrypt.org/docs/integration-guide/#supported-key-algorithms

So there's no real benefit to using P-384; what's the cost? In the
Stack Exchange answer I linked, Pornin estimates a factor of 3×
CPU usage, which wouldn't be so bad; unfortunately, this is wildly
optimistic in practice, as P-256 is much more common and therefore
much better optimized. [This GitHub comment][openssl] measures the
performance differential for raw Diffie-Hellman operations with OpenSSL
1.1.1 at a whopping 14× (even P-521 fares better!); [Caddy disables
P-384 by default][caddy] due to Go's [lack of accelerated assembly
implementations][crypto/elliptic] for it, and the difference there seems
even more extreme: [this golang-nuts post][golang-nuts] measures the key
generation performance differential at 275×. It's unlikely to be the
bottleneck for anyone, but I still feel kind of bad for anyone having
lego generate hundreds of certificates and sign challenges with them
with performance like that...

[openssl]: https://github.com/mozilla/server-side-tls/issues/190#issuecomment-421831599
[caddy]: https://github.com/caddyserver/caddy/blob/2cab475ba516fa725d012f53ca417c3e039607de/modules/caddytls/values.go#L113-L124
[crypto/elliptic]: https://github.com/golang/go/tree/2910c5b4a01a573ebc97744890a07c1a3122c67a/src/crypto/elliptic
[golang-nuts]: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/golang-nuts/nlnJkBMMyzk

In conclusion, there's no real reason to use P-384 in general: if you
don't care about Web PKI compatibility and want to use a nicer curve,
then Ed25519 or P-521 are better options; if you're a NIST-fearing
paranoiac, you should use good old RSA; but if you're a normal person
running a web server, then you're best served by just using P-256. Right
now, NixOS makes an arbitrary decision between two equally-mediocre
curves that just so happens to slow down ECDH key agreement for every
TLS connection by over an order of magnitude; this commit fixes that.

Unfortunately, it seems like existing P-384 certificates won't get
migrated automatically on renewal without manual intervention, but
that's a more general problem with the existing ACME module (see #81634;
I know @yegortimoshenko is working on this). To migrate your
certificates manually, run:

    $ sudo find /var/lib/acme/.lego/certificates -type f -delete
    $ sudo find /var/lib/acme -name '*.pem' -delete
    $ sudo systemctl restart 'acme-*.service' nginx.service

(No warranty. If it breaks, you get to keep both pieces. But it worked
for me.)

---
## [karbytes/KARBYTES_FOR_LIFE_part_2](https://github.com/karbytes/KARBYTES_FOR_LIFE_part_2)@[04ebb2af14...](https://github.com/karbytes/KARBYTES_FOR_LIFE_part_2/commit/04ebb2af1463dfbf25d60780a9b5bdac407c8380)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 01:52:49 by Karbon_Qubit | "Karlina Ray Beringer

Update Low_signal_strength_physical_over_qualitative.txt


According to CVS pharmacy in Castro Valley, my Medical was turned off when I attempted to use it to cover the cost of my Emergency Room visit at Eden Hospital in Castro Valley. I was able to receive one dose of medicine and a prescription for diphenhydramine, famotidine, and prednisone. This afternoon I was able to fill the prescription at the CSV pharmacy mentioned above. I credit Sativa Protab to making my journey as intelligent as possible. I also got a traffic ticket for apparently making too many "California stops" while driving. I slept in the driver's sleep in Oakland to practice "signal to noise ratio listening". This is a GitHub commit note and not a site page. I am learning how to differentiate between time and space. I am learning how priority queues are built and deployed. Neuroscience and computer science and quantum mechanics too! Monday I shall call Medical to update the system and to make criminal investigations more data complete (with optimal "signal to noise"). Now it is ready to be a "raw" (unchanged and therefore "verbatim" page). Karlina Ray Beringer is the author of Karbytes For Life dot Wordpress dot Com and the author of Karlina Object dot Wordpress dot Com and all code in the outlinking GitHub links. Karlina Ray Beringer is the sole author and owner of her original open source content (according to her definition of Open Source as defined within her websites and code repositories). Welcome to my wares!

Low_signal_strength_physical_over_qualitative.txt

I shall park the car at a location in space such that a line between my car and my house penetrates neighboring houses (for a more blended neural radio input to me from the surrounding transmitters. I will use the garage and my office for my Internet use and my laptop use for my work and my entertainment. I am not a cat. I am a human adult who identifies as two genders simultaneously with a 70 percent masculine and a 30 percent feminine. I am a boss. I work as a quality assurance specialist and software developer and cognitive scientist and, if I deem necessary, wage worker.

I purchased Protab Sativa pills from Garden of Eden in Hayward yesterday and ingested them all at one location point in time and space. I saw the International Space Station and gueese fly by. I also noticed a lot of clues from how humans behaved. I followed that "fail proof" schematic.

---
## [lootz/NotaryNodes](https://github.com/lootz/NotaryNodes)@[8e5e024320...](https://github.com/lootz/NotaryNodes/commit/8e5e024320cdbebe8d2b8ddb9eb9216e40c8515b)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 02:00:33 by lootz

Create Readme.md

Who’s Lootz?
My name is LooTz, I believe we need to change this world through technology and bravery. I have been with Komodo since its first days. I created the first SuperNET website and ran SuperNET Radio, which is now renamed to CryptoRadio.Live. With over 250 interviews, my Crypto Show has been downloaded thousands of times.

I co-founded CryptoCoreMedia.com, a premier crypto information website, and marketing service. While I am primarily the resident SEO guru for CryptoCoremedia.com, my skill set also includes web development, content creation, CryptoRadio.Live hosting and most of all the “creator of magical opportunities”.

I have boarded the Pirate Ship and naturally became a Pirate myself. I did this because I believe in privacy and in the strength of the Komodo ecosystem. In collaboration with other pirates, I have made the following contributions towards Pirate Chain: Pirate OS (thank You to Wieprz), Pruner Code (thank you to Forge and MrLynch), Mobile Wallet (thank you to Forge, MrLynch, CHMEX, PWNZ), and several more collaborations I cannot disclose at this time.

I aim to be a champion of the Komodo ecosystem by running a notary node. As a tech specialist for over 30 years, I believe in the gradual and constant improvement of the node. Ultimately, this will create redundancy for lower downtime risks overtime.

Our Team:
Our Notary Node team also includes theekgb. who is an expert in systems engineering, monitoring, and automation technologies. He has been involved in systems engineering and DevOps for 7 years, IT systems for 20 years and blockchain for over 2 years. He is very passionate about Komodo. While he is not active publicly, he has been involved in several Komodo technology projects behind the scenes.

Let’s get into the meat and potatoes now…

Hardware (located in NYC)
16 core servers, 64gig ram, UPS setup, Fiber Internet 940/880 Mbps,

Reward Allocations:

20% to Scalleywag thinktank - This is a think tank for like minded contributors interested in improving Komodo and Pirate Chain. Scallywag also functions as an R&D department making interoperable technologies such as DEXP2P, IPFS, with the goal of generating revenue streams for the ecosystem.
20% for Combined Marketing Initiative, including:
5% to design
5% to writers
10% to new initiatives

Having a revenue stream go to a steady writer will produce regular content for distribution increasing traffic and attention for all parties involved. Co-marketing will lower costs. Current marketing initiatives include:
Flyer Distribution - Boots on the Ground Initiative
Article Creation w/ Strategic Posting

40% to hardware – Server maintenance and upgrade

10% Retirement Fund

10% Slush Fund - Coffee

“ I don't want to be an emperor. That's not my business. I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I would like to help everyone if possible. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world, there is room for everyone, and the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way. Greed has poisoned men's souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical; our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost. The airplane and the radio have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men; cries out for universal brotherhood; for the unity of us all.”~Chaplin

VOTE Address: REbnTZUHeYiqx6uNqGsUan3Usp9RJy5kjU

Contact
Twitter: @DatePickle
Scallywag Discord: https://discord.gg/C8H4qhb
Soundcloud: https://soundcloud.com/cryptoradio
Discord: Loo✟z#2749

---
## [ctavolazzi/the_coffee_jesus](https://github.com/ctavolazzi/the_coffee_jesus)@[860c4c5dd1...](https://github.com/ctavolazzi/the_coffee_jesus/commit/860c4c5dd128fa5f402202acd67d76de753b2a58)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 04:30:59 by Christopher Tavolazzi

Version 0.1

The first version of my god-awful website. Wow, this thing is ugly.

But...it works! I did it! I built a website completely from scratch, with images!

I intend to allow users to click through different versions of this website to see my progress and learning over time. As I gain an understanding of the tools available, I will periodically update this page.

This is not a portfolio site!

It's an ugly, raw, poorly designed learning tool. 

And I'm gosh darn proud of it.

---
## [optimumtact/-tg-station](https://github.com/optimumtact/-tg-station)@[3771a93151...](https://github.com/optimumtact/-tg-station/commit/3771a93151360a594d2afd6971d953520b22d4bd)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 07:06:20 by ArcaneDefence

Don't code late at night, you miss dumb shit and make yourself look stupid

you have posted CRINGE now you will lose subscriber

---
## [clozach/dot-to-dot](https://github.com/clozach/dot-to-dot)@[0fdbae436d...](https://github.com/clozach/dot-to-dot/commit/0fdbae436d8fb32a9a3a92a7edf4e883993e8608)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 07:48:08 by Chris Lozac'h

Renamed `para` tool to `dora`

I find Tiago Forte's original acronym problematic in a few of ways.

* In the context of a command-line tool where I want to use the first letter of each term, it's problematic to have two letter "a"s. You can see this in my original, clunky switch from "p a r a" to "p a r b" as commands to pass into the original `para` tool.
* In the context of my brain, I find the first 3 categories blurring too easily in my mind. I have expensive training as both a project manager and as a Scrum Master. I've read through GTD. I'm completely clear that a project is, *officially*, a body of work to be completed with a specific deadline…when I think about it *consciously*. But when I'm focussed on other things, it's easy for my brain to think, "well, this project is part of my areas of responsibility, so folder 2 works fine," or, "this is something I'm working on today, so it can go in the Projects folder." Even the "Resources" category tends to blur in my mind with Projects and Areas (of Responsibility).
* The 2nd category, "Areas of Responsibility" stands out as a 3-word term. Cutting it down to just "Areas" is unsatisfactory.
* When the word, "Resources," hits my brain, an amorphous blob of meaning comes fuzzing into my head. Isn't pretty much every file a "resource" of one sort or another?!

So, I reworked it, and now I have D.O.R.A. — Due | Ongoing | Research | Archives — with the following benefits:

* None of the single-letter designations conflict
* The word "Due" automatically triggers deadline-based thinking. This may not be a panacea for the practice of regularly envisioning and planning projects, but it should help!
* Similarly, "Ongoing" clearly indicates some sort of continous goal without a definite end. It also contrasts nicely with "due".
* Unlike Resources, "Research" has an explicitly supportive connotation. This, then, becomes a place to try new ideas without long-term commitment, a place to put tutorials and spikes and quick trials of new technologies

Archives is Archives, obvs.

Invoking the function with zero arguments displays the help/usage text

---
## [0xdc/catalyst](https://github.com/0xdc/catalyst)@[671ba2f22c...](https://github.com/0xdc/catalyst/commit/671ba2f22c9ac335c5f24d69d75b75a1050f543d)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 08:07:25 by Matt Turner

catalyst: Trim annoying warning

> WARNING : You have been warned.

is awfully silly.

Signed-off-by: Matt Turner <mattst88@gentoo.org>

---
## [Mohaiminul036/Research-Articles](https://github.com/Mohaiminul036/Research-Articles)@[0f33865f50...](https://github.com/Mohaiminul036/Research-Articles/commit/0f33865f502f33d882076ce88e469e2ea6a90b07)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 08:22:39 by Mohaiminul Islam

International Journal on Data Science and Technology

Abstract: The process of evaluating data using analytical and logical reasoning to examine each component of the data
provided. This form of analysis is just one of the many steps that must be completed when conducting a research
experiment. Data from various sources is gathered, reviewed, and then analyzed to form some sort of finding or conclusion.
There are a variety of specific data analysis method, some of which include data mining, text analytics, business
intelligence, and data visualizations. Data analysis is defined as a process of cleaning, transforming, and modeling data to
discover useful information for business decision-making. The purpose of Data Analysis is to extract useful information
from data and taking the decision based upon the data analysis. whenever we take any decision in our day-to-day life is by
thinking about what happened last time or what will happen by choosing that particular decision. This is nothing but
analyzing our past or future and making decisions based on it. For that, we gather memories of our past or dreams of our
future. So that is nothing but data analysis. Now same thing analyst does for business purposes, is called Data Analysis.
This research article based on data analysis, it’s types, process, methods, techniques & tools.

---
## [RinatAbidullin/My-Learning-Tracker](https://github.com/RinatAbidullin/My-Learning-Tracker)@[95687c9640...](https://github.com/RinatAbidullin/My-Learning-Tracker/commit/95687c96407e5cd48ed89e69b894a3960bcb10d6)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 10:06:46 by Rinat Abidullin

Реализован небольшой алгоритм для упорядоченного вывода списка песен из приложения Музыка
Пример вывода:
1. APEK, HALIENE & Man Cub - Breathe in the Moment
2. CHVRCHES - Miracle
3. CHVRCHES - The Mother We Share
4. Dabin - Hope It Hurts (feat. Essenger)
5. Ekali & Elohim - Fairy Tale
6. Fairlane - Heartbeats
7. Fairlane - Puzzle (feat. Claire Ridgely)
8. Fairlane - Uncover You (feat. Ilsey)
9. Fairlane & Nevve - Wildfire
10. Gill Chang - The Reason
11. ILLENIUM, Excision & I Prevail - Feel Something
12. Man Cub - In a Dream (feat. SVRCINA)
13. MitiS - Home (feat. Niko Athanasatos) [Nurko Remix]
14. MitiS - Shattered (feat. Runn) [Culture Code Remix]
15. MitiS - Home (feat. Niko Athanasatos)
16. MitiS & Crystal Skies - Wait (feat. Monika Santucci)
17. Rival & Philip Strand - Let It Die
18. San Holo - (If Only I Could) Hold You
19. Trivecta, Amidy & RØRY - Riptide
20. Tycho - Skate (feat. Saint Sinner)
21. Tycho - No Stress (feat. Saint Sinner)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c170901251...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c170901251e29c3bd77097e487606dfa0ecf2b5e)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 10:39:47 by Marko Grdinić

"10:30am. As great as Doom Eternal is, I am going to have to curtail my gaming activities a little as it seems I am taking the time out from my work hours from the other end.

10:55am. Let me start. Yesterday a video caught my eye.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCRYBivH9BM
Fabulous – F# for cross-platform mobile apps - Don Syme

Let me start the day with this. I'll do the tutorials later.

11:10am. https://youtu.be/ZCRYBivH9BM?t=807
"...Revaluating the view on changes to the model. And suddenly all these warning signs go off in your head - isn't that going to flicker, isn't that going to be too costly. Isn't that...can't thinking flow back?"

11:40pm. https://youtu.be/ZCRYBivH9BM?t=2277
"The model has a DoNotUseMe type. You cannot actually use it internally."

Oh so depends on is not as unsafe as I thought. Interesting.

11:45am. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/get-started/what-is-xamarin-forms

This talk is making me wonder whether Xamarin Forms can be used on Windows. I thought it was a mobile thing.

> Xamarin.Forms is an open-source UI framework. Xamarin.Forms allows developers to build Android, iOS, and Windows applications from a single shared codebase.

That answers that.

Why don't I seriously consider XF for once? I mean since Fabulous works nicely with this, why not? It is not like I am married to WPF.

https://youtu.be/ZCRYBivH9BM?t=2428

So it has charing, maps, and animations. Everything I'd need for a poker app.

https://youtu.be/ZCRYBivH9BM?t=2597

He is saying that F# is doing some special compiler optimizations to make this go fast. Actually, it is really good that Don Syme is working on this. UIs are one place where language support is necessary.

12:30pm. Did a little reply to that guy in the PL monthly thread.

https://gist.github.com/staltz/868e7e9bc2a7b8c1f754
The introduction to Reactive Programming you've been missing

This is by the cycle.js author. I'll give it a read later.

Let me have breakfast here. I want to watch more talks on this. I think I'll go for the ones by Jim Bennet and Thomas Petricek next. After that I'll give Elmist.WPF a try. Then comes Fabulous.

I'll play with this for a while. Since these libraries will make doing UIs much easier, I'll indulge myself with this here."

---
## [Gerpar/Conductor_DigitalFatigue](https://github.com/Gerpar/Conductor_DigitalFatigue)@[71921b3729...](https://github.com/Gerpar/Conductor_DigitalFatigue/commit/71921b372906fa5caf26a5bff4e270b79905da72)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 10:55:31 by Randall S. Bitchford

Major Update [README]

List of of god damn changes:
- Level 3 is (like 90%) redesigned.
- Level 3 has art.
- Mushrooms now glow
- Conduits now have a small glowing halo intended to help the player aim.
- Every scene except for lvl 2 has music.
- Fuck you randy pitchford
- Level 1 and 3 and working resets.
In the case of level 1, this includes wire resets.
- Lighting fixes
- Water now works with the reset system
-Title screen now has digital fatigue logo.
- I need sleep please help.
- IMPORTANT: Level 2 and 3 have been swapped because the mushrooms being jank has broken level 2. I wanted to show off he more complete levels, so their order, and their appropriate goal objects, have been adjusted.

-Exiting Desert Thunderbuss now returns the player to the title screen.

BUGS/REQUESTS:
- THAT GOD DAMN CEILING TURRET.
IM THIS CLOSE TO JUST HAVING THE CONDUIT TURN IT OFF

- Mushrooms are apparently jank again.

- Can somebody please make it so that the jump pads only make you jump when you press space. Alternatively, help me get this aerial movement stuff down. The game is crippled without it.

---
## [The-SCRIPT-Group/Website](https://github.com/The-SCRIPT-Group/Website)@[fe0e809a5d...](https://github.com/The-SCRIPT-Group/Website/commit/fe0e809a5d2dbaad90d401afa575c7869c60779d)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 11:21:10 by Akhil Narang

Merge branch 'master' of github.com:The-SCRIPT-Group/Website

* 'master' of github.com:The-SCRIPT-Group/Website:
  formatting
  Add BOV link on index.html
  Don't clear complete from everytime
  Lower the Modal
  Fix + in email validation
  Remove useless W3 and add Favicon
  Modal
  Modal is now an Alert
  Fuck you W3. And fuck you UI.
  Why wouldn't this piece of shit fucking show itelf
  Update stats
  corrected image name
  Add new file containing the nice email format, reuse later
  move </head> into plain email_content
  dos2unix

---
## [kcomain/bfbVoteCounter](https://github.com/kcomain/bfbVoteCounter)@[0ce25f4217...](https://github.com/kcomain/bfbVoteCounter/commit/0ce25f42176ad9cca6f996b7cbf024c5719e0e97)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 15:44:05 by Kenny

for you may forgive me that i forgot to make it true for the --debug-mode option. i am truely sorry for
what i have caused. forgive me for all my sins and renew my life

anyways don't spam me with errors >:((((((((((

---
## [Bozosoft/demogit](https://github.com/Bozosoft/demogit)@[abfc30c1af...](https://github.com/Bozosoft/demogit/commit/abfc30c1af700521af52efbef11c3bd6edcfdb8f)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 16:18:45 by JCE

Ajout Licence.md

licence
DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 2, December 2004

---
## [Auros/ShareSaber](https://github.com/Auros/ShareSaber)@[23e3f0380e...](https://github.com/Auros/ShareSaber/commit/23e3f0380ef5ef7691aa9674a1255c571ecadd74)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 16:47:42 by Auros Nexus

Added Discord service

Bring me to my star, my brightest place (haa~a)
Growing, blooming in your perfect hand
Don't blame Moon
Don't answer, image

Shadow Moon
You've gone and found my heart
And get upon your dreams
I'm gonna fall in the love

Troubled Moon
You've gone and found my heart
And get upon your dreams
I'm gonna fall in the love

Dreamer
You may imagine
Can't someone come through
Show me the way
Can't stop feeling warmer
I'm not alone now

Dreamer
You may imagine

Dreamer
You may imagine
Can't someone come through
Show me the way
Can't stop feeling warmer
I'm not alone now
Can't someone come through
Show me the way
Can't stop feeling warmer
I'm not alone now

Dreamer
You may imagine

---
## [NetHack/NetHack](https://github.com/NetHack/NetHack)@[e13b1833cc...](https://github.com/NetHack/NetHack/commit/e13b1833ccc980ff86db9b8a703aba507539cd10)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 17:37:20 by copperwater

Scroll of remove curse becomes learned when items' curses are removed

The scroll of remove curse is trivially identified by checking inventory
after reading it to see whether anything became uncursed. This leads to
annoying tactics like remembering which scroll you just read so you can
go call it "remove curse" on the discoveries list.

This simply autoidentifies it when an item that was known to be cursed
has its curse removed.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[3ccbbc5164...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3ccbbc5164079264140d368043e963210f7006f5)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 18:48:21 by Marko Grdinić

"1:25pm. https://youtu.be/Hm4EDPNXQqY?t=1230

Done with breakfast. I've been watching this while having it. I've been pitting Svelte vs Fabulous in my mind. I think that if it were written in Spiral, all the performance disadvantages of diffing could be eliminated through specialization. While I said I like Svelte, I hadn't thought about race conditions and things like time travel debugging.

I need to study more. Maybe I'll write my own proof of concept WPF library. For editor support, I could represent the view as a bag of words, spaces and newlines.

https://youtu.be/Hm4EDPNXQqY?t=1705

Oh, there is a live editor? Nice!

https://youtu.be/Hm4EDPNXQqY?t=2130

Uf, maybe Xamarin is really mobile only after all. By Windows, maybe that page meant that I could write code on Windows, not necessarily run the app on that.

2pm. https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uwp/get-started/universal-application-platform-guide

It seems Xamarin Forms supports UWP. I have no idea what this is. Another new thing for me. If it will allow me to use Fabulous, I'll go for it.

https://youtu.be/Hm4EDPNXQqY?t=2600

`dispatch` can be used like that? Interesting.

2:25pm. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bnm71YEt_lI
Build your own Excel 365 in an hour with F# - Tomas Petricek

Let me see what he has to say.

2:55pm. Done with chores. Let me resume by starting the video I just linked to.

After I watch it, I will give Fabulous a try. Yesterday, I was thrilled about Elmish.WPF, but Fabulous is a step up from that. I don't really care about WPF that much, I just want something that would allow me to make UIs easily. This is a little side goal that I have.

Once I meet it and finish playing, I'll look under the hood for all these libraries.

3:45pm. https://youtu.be/Bnm71YEt_lI?t=3251

I outright skipped the last 15m as it is starting to put me to sleep, but this seem interesting. He is going to use observables rather than memoization for this?

Ah, he is not going to do it due to time constraints. Lame.

3:55pm. I like the Fabulous videos much more. I could have skipped this to be honest.

Let me get to the next thing. Time to try out Fabulous.

https://fsprojects.github.io/Fabulous/Fabulous.XamarinForms/index.html#getting-started

To start with, I should install Xamarin.

4pm. Ugh, I should not have updated VS. Do I really have to download 1.5Gbs?

Well, it won't take much more than 5m to get at this rate.

4:15pm. "By default iOS and Android projects are created. But you can also target WPF with --WPF, UWP with --UWP, macOS with --macOS and/or GTK with --GTK. Here some common examples, but feel free to change the targets to the ones you require:"

Uh, let me try WPF and see what happens. I selected UWP and it says 11Gb to install. Not gonna.

4:25pm. Ohhh, it works just fine with WPF. I did not have to install a thing apart from the template. This is great!

```
namespace SqueakyApp.WPF

open System

open Xamarin.Forms
open Xamarin.Forms.Platform.WPF

type MainWindow() =
    inherit FormsApplicationPage()

module Main =
    [<EntryPoint>]
    [<STAThread>]
    let main(_args) =

        let app = new System.Windows.Application()
        Forms.Init()
        let window = MainWindow()
        window.LoadApplication(new SqueakyApp.App())

        app.Run(window)
```

This is the only thing on the WPF side.

```
// Copyright 2018-2019 Fabulous contributors. See LICENSE.md for license.
namespace SqueakyApp

open System.Diagnostics
open Fabulous
open Fabulous.XamarinForms
open Fabulous.XamarinForms.LiveUpdate
open Xamarin.Forms

module App =
    type Model =
      { Count : int
        Step : int
        TimerOn: bool }

    type Msg =
        | Increment
        | Decrement
        | Reset
        | SetStep of int
        | TimerToggled of bool
        | TimedTick

    let initModel = { Count = 0; Step = 1; TimerOn=false }

    let init () = initModel, Cmd.none

    let timerCmd =
        async { do! Async.Sleep 200
                return TimedTick }
        |> Cmd.ofAsyncMsg

    let update msg model =
        match msg with
        | Increment -> { model with Count = model.Count + model.Step }, Cmd.none
        | Decrement -> { model with Count = model.Count - model.Step }, Cmd.none
        | Reset -> init ()
        | SetStep n -> { model with Step = n }, Cmd.none
        | TimerToggled on -> { model with TimerOn = on }, (if on then timerCmd else Cmd.none)
        | TimedTick ->
            if model.TimerOn then
                { model with Count = model.Count + model.Step }, timerCmd
            else
                model, Cmd.none

    let view (model: Model) dispatch =
        View.ContentPage(
          content = View.StackLayout(padding = Thickness 20.0, verticalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center,
            children = [
                View.Label(text = sprintf "%d" model.Count, horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center, width=200.0, horizontalTextAlignment=TextAlignment.Center)
                View.Button(text = "Increment", command = (fun () -> dispatch Increment), horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center)
                View.Button(text = "Decrement", command = (fun () -> dispatch Decrement), horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center)
                View.Label(text = "Timer", horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center)
                View.Switch(isToggled = model.TimerOn, toggled = (fun on -> dispatch (TimerToggled on.Value)), horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center)
                View.Slider(minimumMaximum = (0.0, 10.0), value = double model.Step, valueChanged = (fun args -> dispatch (SetStep (int (args.NewValue + 0.5)))), horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.FillAndExpand)
                View.Label(text = sprintf "Step size: %d" model.Step, horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center)
                View.Button(text = "Reset", horizontalOptions = LayoutOptions.Center, command = (fun () -> dispatch Reset), commandCanExecute = (model <> initModel))
            ]))

    // Note, this declaration is needed if you enable LiveUpdate
    let program = Program.mkProgram init update view
```

The actual program is here. The Elmish.WPF guy said this was a half baked attempt, but it seems like it works just fine to me. I expected much worse.

...Nice.

4:30pm. It is probably because of those Doom sessions that I am feeling really fatigued at the moment.

4:40pm. https://fsprojects.github.io/Fabulous/Fabulous.XamarinForms/tools.html#live-update

Life update works with WPF it seems.

I changed my mind. That the view function can be pevalled changes the value equation from Svelte to Elm significantly.

This is what I should be using if I ever want to do a desktop app.

I got this to work...and then what?

I thought about redoing the poker game, but I do not need to do this now. Maybe at some point I will have time.

What I feel like now is leaving this aside, and diving into the `ReactiveUI` source. The same goes for `WPF.Elmish`. This should give me some inspiration.

Maybe in the end I won't use observables, but will write my own MVU pattern for editor support, but I do not need this sort of thing now. I'll take it all in turn.

4:45pm. Let me get that source.

5pm.

```
        /// <summary>
        /// Creates a one-way binding, i.e. a binding that flows from the
        /// <paramref name="viewModel"/> to the <paramref name="view"/> only. This binding will
        /// attempt to convert the value of the view model property to the view property if they
        /// are not of the same type.
        /// </summary>
        /// <typeparam name="TViewModel">The type of the view model that is bound.</typeparam>
        /// <typeparam name="TView">The type of the view that is bound.</typeparam>
        /// <typeparam name="TVMProp">The type of the property bound on the view model.</typeparam>
        /// <typeparam name="TVProp">The type of the property bound on the view.</typeparam>
        /// <param name="viewModel">The instance of the view model to bind to.</param>
        /// <param name="view">The instance of the view to bind to.</param>
        /// <param name="vmProperty">
        /// An expression representing the property to be bound to on the view model.
        /// This can be a child property, for example <c>x =&gt; x.Foo.Bar.Baz</c> in which case
        /// the binding will attempt to subscribe recursively to updates in order to
        /// always get the last value of the property chain.
        /// </param>
        /// <param name="viewProperty">
        /// An expression representing the property to be bound to on the view.
        /// This can be a child property, for example <c>x =&gt; x.Foo.Bar.Baz</c> in which case
        /// the binding will attempt to subscribe recursively to updates in order to
        /// always set the correct property.
        ///
        /// If it is left null, the framework will attempt to automatically figure out
        /// the control and property that is to be bound, by looking for a control of the
        /// same name as the <paramref name="vmProperty"/>, and its most natural property.
        /// </param>
        /// <param name="conversionHint">
        /// An object that can provide a hint for the converter.
        /// The semantics of this object is defined by the converter used.
        /// </param>
        /// <param name="vmToViewConverterOverride">
        /// Delegate to convert the value of the view model's property's type to a value of the
        /// view's property's type.
        /// </param>
        /// <returns>
        /// An instance of <see cref="IDisposable"/> that, when disposed,
        /// disconnects the binding.
        /// </returns>
        /// <exception cref="ArgumentException">
        /// There is no registered converter from <typeparamref name="TVMProp"/> to <typeparamref name="TVProp"/>.
        /// </exception>
        public IReactiveBinding<TView, TViewModel, TVProp> OneWayBind<TViewModel, TView, TVMProp, TVProp>(
                TViewModel viewModel,
                TView view,
                Expression<Func<TViewModel, TVMProp>> vmProperty,
                Expression<Func<TView, TVProp>> viewProperty,
                object conversionHint = null,
                IBindingTypeConverter vmToViewConverterOverride = null)
            where TViewModel : class
            where TView : class, IViewFor
        {
            if (vmProperty == null)
            {
                throw new ArgumentNullException(nameof(vmProperty));
            }

            if (viewProperty == null)
            {
                throw new ArgumentNullException(nameof(viewProperty));
            }

            var vmExpression = Reflection.Rewrite(vmProperty.Body);
            var viewExpression = Reflection.Rewrite(viewProperty.Body);
            var viewType = viewExpression.Type;
            var converter = vmToViewConverterOverride ?? GetConverterForTypes(typeof(TVMProp), viewType);

            if (converter == null)
            {
                throw new ArgumentException($"Can't convert {typeof(TVMProp)} to {viewType}. To fix this, register a IBindingTypeConverter");
            }

            var ret = EvalBindingHooks(viewModel, view, vmExpression, viewExpression, BindingDirection.OneWay);
            if (!ret)
            {
                return null;
            }

            var source = Reflection.ViewModelWhenAnyValue(viewModel, view, vmExpression)
                    .SelectMany(x =>
                    {
                        if (!converter.TryConvert(x, viewType, conversionHint, out object tmp))
                        {
                            return Observable<object>.Empty;
                        }

                        return Observable.Return(tmp);
                    });

            var (disposable, obs) = BindToDirect<TView, TVProp, object>(source, view, viewExpression);

            return new ReactiveBinding<TView, TViewModel, TVProp>(view, viewModel, viewExpression, vmExpression, obs, BindingDirection.OneWay, disposable);
        }
```

In the framework's favor - everything is very commented out. The issue is that this code is not inspiring me at all.

What am I even trying to do here by reading this?

I am thinking of observables, but I can't really generalize that understanding to reactive controls. Observables are fine if all you want to do is read and react to changes. But how do I attach an observable to some control?

This is something I could not figure out back in 2016. I am running into the same issue now. Sure the Elm pattern is great, but what would be the reactive way of doing this.

```
            // NB: WPF is terrible.
            if (fromType == typeof(object))
            {
                return 100;
            }
```

Oh lol.

5:05pm. TP did that spreadsheet using the Elm pattern, but there should be more to reactive programming. I learned a ton about the observables. I just need a little more to make it useful.

Let me do more skimming of the `ReactiveUI` library and then I will check out `WPF.Elmish`. After that, maybe I'll check out the JS libraries. They will definitely have something good.

FRP is definitely inspiring on its own. All the difficulty here seems to be due to the fact that the UI is a loop.

5:15pm. The code in here is not actually that complicated, but it is fairly ugly low level stuff, the I used to see when doing reflection. There is more in comments than in actual code.

`ReactiveObject` is quite small.

5:20pm. I am just too fatigued to study this properly right now.

Ok, nevermind. `ReactiveUI` is a wash. No point in studying it. The whole thing is just wrappers. Let me check out `Elmish.WPF` instead.

After that I'll look into `cycle.js` and other JS FRP libraries.

5:25pm. 4.5mb. It downloaded in a second. `Elmish.WPF` is tiny. Good.

5:30pm. The majority of the code in the library is in `Binding.fs` which is 2627 LOC. The rest is in `Viewmodel.fs` which is 764 LOC. There are 10 more files, but they are all a few pages at most.

5:35pm. This is worth studying. Static Elm should be easier than full Elm to grasp.

Right now I am too tired to focus on this though.

Let me check out a talk on `cycle.js`. There should be one. This should give me some insight on how reactive DOM management should look like. That guy gave me an example and it did not particularly impress me, but maybe that is just JS's fault.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LRetT6Y-gVk
Functional Reactive Programming with Cycle.js | Luca Mezzalira

Let me give this a shot.

...It is too low level. Let me try another.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdol03pcvMA
André Staltz: Two Fundamental Abstractions - Uphill Conf 2018

This guy is the author of cycle.js.

...Lame.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNZnftSksYg
Cycle.js and functional reactive user interfaces | Andre Staltz | Reactive 2015

Let me give this a shot instead.

https://egghead.io/lessons/rxjs-separate-logic-from-effects-in-cycle-js

Here is a (free for once) 1.5h course on Egghead by that guy.

6:35pm. Done with lunch. I want to watch that video. Let me do it. Today Doom is going to have to be put off. I think I'll stop playing just for one day so I can get more rest. Tomorrow I'll crush that last slayer gate.

6:45pm. https://youtu.be/uNZnftSksYg?t=228

Oh, lol I like this guy. 700 lines of code?

6:55pm. https://youtu.be/uNZnftSksYg?t=529

This looks nice, but it still creates a virtual DOM. Not quite what I had in mind. Well, when this is done, I am going to take a look at the course for it.

I also want to look at bacon.js.

6:55pm. This is not a bad design. It is definitely more realistic than what I had in mind. Rather than trying to figure out how to attach observables to individual controls and tie them together somehow, the input to the observable is the DOM itself. And `vtree` comes out at the bottom.

Are there any alternative designs for this?

...If the DOM were typed...

Yeah, now something occurs to me. One thing that is so annoying with WPF is that all the objects are opaque in it. If you have a control, there is nothing in its type to indicate what its children are.

Putting FRP and the Elm pattern aside, one innovation in GUI would be a to have a typed component treee. With reified types, I mean.

7:15pm. https://baconjs.github.io/

I see...this thing gets the DOM at the top as well.

7:20pm. I think I get it now. I've been internally confliced all this time due to the fact that Observable chains are unidirectional, so I could not really see how to do the kind of simplification they would offer with UIs. The Elm pattern does in fact offer this.

So I've been confused exactly how Rx should actually be used.

Going back to 2016, I put the UI at the top, and had some event handlers at the bottom which mutate it.

...I actually can't go far beyond that with Rx. What Rx would offer me are more elaborate mechanisms inbetween the UI, and the state mutation. But not really the thing that I want.

I've really had to deal with a lot of complexity, but now that I see how cycle.js does it, and how bacon.js does it, I understand. It is not a coincidence that both of them are dynamic. I had to endure a lot of complexity because I wanted to expose the controls to the type system.

Agh, how annoying. Did I waste my time studying Rx?

Let me resume watching the cycle.js talk.

https://youtu.be/uNZnftSksYg?t=551
"Actually RxJS is quite hard to reason about. I mean, everyone says that React makes it easy to reason about your code, but Cycle does the opposite."

He then segues into a horse vs car analogy. This talk is really quite something isn't it?

7:50pm. https://youtu.be/uNZnftSksYg?t=1556

The only thing I do not understand in this is how would this work in the first step. You see it getting the button and then filtering the event, but what if sources was null?

8:15pm. https://youtu.be/SXdtrhn8iII
Andre Staltz - Composable Native APIs

I am masochistic today, so let me go for this as well.

8:40pm. Ok, 18m of this is enough. I am done for the day. Tomorrow I will take a look at the cycle.js course videos.

That having said, now I am thinking that I was wrong to bet on Rx after all. The Elm pattern is what I had been looking for from the start. Much like Rx this has been something I've known for a while, but never really used. Well, I guess I'll get familiar with it from here on out, that is for use. The Elm pattern is the right abstraction for UIs period. Svelte is going in the wrong direction if performance is the goal - the right way to do it is to combine Elm with Spiral.

Still, compared to 2016 I do not think I'll forget the reactive stuff so easily. I've really put in quite a bit of effort into understanding it. While UIs might be too much of a leap for it, maybe I'll be able to find smaller scale spots where it applies.

That is assuming the Elm pattern is literally not better everywhere. Which it might be."

---
## [championchap/cpp](https://github.com/championchap/cpp)@[1c43ec8fff...](https://github.com/championchap/cpp/commit/1c43ec8fff6662c421750286a6523597226527e9)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 20:11:54 by Erik Watson

Spelling colour the right way because this is my code and fuck you

---
## [Marco-Valle/imutils](https://github.com/Marco-Valle/imutils)@[7274168679...](https://github.com/Marco-Valle/imutils/commit/72741686799f92a998ed4abcccb9dc05984ca603)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 21:20:12 by Marco Valle

Update convenience.py

Good morning.
While I was doing my project, I needed to use rotation function but I needed to fix the background color during rotation. This small fix I think could be usefull in some projects. Probably also in rotate bound is possible similar modification.
This is my first Github suggestion if I committed some mistakes I'm sorry. Thank you.

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[49970407fa...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/49970407fa74ae941320a73c70e2acbf4bce7748)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 22:12:11 by Ryll Ryll

Buffs the circle game, adds an achievement (#50145)

About The Pull Request

Examining someone holding a circled hand from using the *circle emote while next to them can now alert said person, and if you don't act fast, they'll bop you! You'll have a split second to move away before this happens. Losing the circle game to a hulk will result in a very forceful bop.

Bopping someone will award an achievement, "HA, GOTTEM"

Also adds COMSIG_PARENT_EXAMINE to carbon and human's examines, cause they never had that set, and adds TRAIT_HULK to being hulk since I forgot to actually give it its own trait when I added said trait in another PR
Why It's Good For The Game

Enhances pranking. It's honestly amazing to me that this functionality wasn't built in when this was first made.
Changelog

cl Ryll/Shaps
add: The *circle emote now has additional functionality! Go prank your friends!
/cl

---
## [Oggzw/FXKillMe](https://github.com/Oggzw/FXKillMe)@[9675bb139b...](https://github.com/Oggzw/FXKillMe/commit/9675bb139b40f8926be95adfd82d2a1b31121b59)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 22:46:11 by Oggzw

Holy fuck a commit.

Knapparna Add och remove directory funkar perfect nu >)

Saker funkar fuck yeah.

---
## [theJollySin/crawl](https://github.com/theJollySin/crawl)@[45c6412621...](https://github.com/theJollySin/crawl/commit/45c64126214f25cf71ac850295bade0150395f6f)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 23:01:23 by advil

Disallow evoking lamp/phial while confused

These two are almost the last remaining holdover of evocables that could
be used while confused. (I notice that tremorstones also work.) These
silently applied target fuzzing (see 657136525ae) in this case; if these
were to be usable while confused in modern crawl, I think they would
need to indicate to the player somehow what might happen. I ran across
this in a crash where an extremely desparate player was constricted and
chain-confused by golden eyes tried to target the constricting naga with
the phial, and fuzzing cause the wave to go the other direction and hit
a friendly demon. Luckily for this player, the game crashed during
knockback on the demon.

See cccf84277269a for wands, and 6178f7666a6f for rods. Unlike these
cases, I do think it's possible that lamp/phial might not be completely
useless with fuzzed targeting, so I wouldn't be opposed to bringing this
back if someone can solve the UI problem.

---
## [RSully/alfred-genius](https://github.com/RSully/alfred-genius)@[ae6517a881...](https://github.com/RSully/alfred-genius/commit/ae6517a8813445665b0c7bfc2828db847d6f3067)
#### Sunday 2020-04-05 23:38:44 by Ryan

Fix bugs in get-song.js

This fixes 2 bugs in get-song.js:

1) Adds long-missing try/catch blocks when testing each application.

   Some applications may not be installed, and now with Catalina some
   users may have Music.app and others iTunes.

   During testing, I did notice that Application('com.apple.iTunes')
   actually returns Music.app on Catalina (yay backwards compatibility)
   but I'd rather be safe than sorry, and this fixes the exception for
   Vox, and any other apps I may add later.

2) Supports Apple Music tracks

   This has been a pain in my ass for over a year now, since I started
   my free trial of Apple Music and then just decided to stick with it.

   Essentially, this boils down to the parenthesis after `currentTrack`,
   which change the type of object we're receiving. With the parenthesis
   we get the property, or the track object itself, and without the
   parenthesis we get an "object specifier", or a reference, which
   would always point to the currently playing track.

   There are more details about this here: https://github.com/JXA-Cookbook/JXA-Cookbook/wiki/iTunes#getting-the-current-track-an-example-of-specifier-vs-property-access

---

# [<](2020-04-04.md) 2020-04-05 [>](2020-04-06.md)

