# [<](2020-01-10.md) 2020-01-11 [>](2020-01-12.md)

1,301,877 events, 729,593 push events, 1,035,406 commit messages, 66,261,792 characters


## [jessehattabaugh/jessehattabaugh-com](https://github.com/jessehattabaugh/jessehattabaugh-com)@[4823f408fe...](https://github.com/jessehattabaugh/jessehattabaugh-com/commit/4823f408fefdaba079a2e1b0b9779fc1590ade36)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 00:29:10 by Jesse Hattabaugh

building html with pug

First painful thing you experience when building a static site is how all your html files need to have nearly identical boilerplate. I was using Parcel + post-html-template to accomplish this earlier. But Parcel is a beast, and if that's all I need it for it's kinda lame.

---
## [dbz-tribute-reforged/dbz-tribute-reforged](https://github.com/dbz-tribute-reforged/dbz-tribute-reforged)@[bccbefe4c4...](https://github.com/dbz-tribute-reforged/dbz-tribute-reforged/commit/bccbefe4c4bbd5eb1ecd449d21c413f448b549ae)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 03:55:23 by randomkilla

added in ramp between ice area and old future
reduced dinos selection scales
replaced all NewMassiveEx.mdl sfx components
added full regen on reviving out of heaven/hell

creep xp is no longer shared with enemies

added in smaller arena ring just for budokai
budokai time limit dropped to 2mins
receive full regen on starting and completing a tourney round

dfist/nova chariot speed increased by 25->30units/tick
dfist cast range reduced 1400->1100

giant storm
	attempt fix lag
	buffed explosion damage from 25->50% kame explosion
	dps from 15->12% kame dps
break cannon
	cast time reduced by 0.25
plant saibamen
	fix 2 saibamen health bug
	saibamen mana costs fixed to 100
	cooldown from 18-10 to 23-15
saibaman bomb
	range reduced 900->700
	explosion aoe 600->500
	dash duration increased 20->22 ticks
	bomb explosion damage 30->50% spirit bomb explosion

---
## [tilda/rust-hwid](https://github.com/tilda/rust-hwid)@[b913a6dd76...](https://github.com/tilda/rust-hwid/commit/b913a6dd762bfd56f8decb91612e3f6e5d208612)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 04:05:18 by S Stewart

i fucking hate fucking bsd fuckin piece of shit smh

---
## [ShittyLabs/abstrakt](https://github.com/ShittyLabs/abstrakt)@[942a3c3bd0...](https://github.com/ShittyLabs/abstrakt/commit/942a3c3bd0c37ac48b8d627b63a95b84bc94149f)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 07:36:14 by Johnny Reina

Merge pull request #2 from ShittyLabs/mod-objects-because-eso-is-a-pain-in-the-ass-but-a-good-idea

Mod objects because eso is a pain in the ass but a good idea

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[14905000c9...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/14905000c9f2283ed5c9f17eff114260ab18139f)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 08:44:34 by Saqib Ali

Rewards Network - Data Scientist. Data Science (Jupyter/Azure ML/MatLab) | Jobs. Data Scientist II Job Opening in Arlington, Virginia - Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM). Lead Data Scientist Job Opening in Arlington, Virginia - Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM). Social/Data Scientist, Military Personnel Analytics Team - Fors Marsh Group - Career Page. Social/Data Scientist, Military Personnel Analytics Team - Fors Marsh Group - Career Page. A2928 Lectureship in GeoSpatial Data Science - Jobs at Lancaster University. M.S. Data Science Information Session. Senior Data Scientist, NLP Job Opening in Chicago, Illinois - Illinois Technology Association Career Center. Applied Data Science (MS) Master's Degree | Bay Path University.

---
## [Fyurie/gjmbatchscripts](https://github.com/Fyurie/gjmbatchscripts)@[5cccc26c5a...](https://github.com/Fyurie/gjmbatchscripts/commit/5cccc26c5af9b8a68bdbd28e4da2c8ce3aeeb5f3)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 09:08:23 by Fyurie

Apply Manaria batch changes from Blankaex, Sei, and Lann.

Fuck your PR conflicts, cut/paste is king.

---
## [titola/neuropa](https://github.com/titola/neuropa)@[4838e45fbf...](https://github.com/titola/neuropa/commit/4838e45fbf339940b3f3533a7e079049fab7c88a)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 11:52:29 by Tito Latini

Hypnopompic hallucinations with oculus style (VR) and vibration of 35 Hz.

Probably from pulsed radiation.

A vibration of 40 Hz seems to allow lucid dreams. Perhaps it also
works to trigger hypnopompic hallucinations. From "Spontaneous
Thought, Insight, and Control in Lucid Dreams" by Jennifer M. Windt
and Ursula Voss:

> [...]
> we were able to use electrical stimulation at 40 Hz during REM sleep
> to induce changes in experience of the type normally associated with
> spontaneous lucid dreaming — almost as if stimulation were pushing
> initially non-lucid dreams in the direction of lucidity
> [...]
> A next step would be to investigate the effect of 40 Hz stimulation
> outside of REM sleep. Would stimulation not only in waking
> participants, but also in NREM sleep increase the probability of
> insight and control over ongoing thought content, as well as
> dissociative phenomena? For instance, might stimulation lead to
> perspective changes in ongoing daydreams?
> [...]

I have also perceived two times, 2019-10-24-night and 2020-01-06-night,
a little video on retina (single eye) after a forced awakening. It
remembers a hologram and there are micro-interrupts perhaps in sync
with the pulses (I think about 4 Hz). There is a relation between the
video of 2019-10-24-night (*) and an anomalous SMS received before the
attack, about May 2017: "Solo Gesù Cristo può salvarti [...]".
I interpreted this message as spam but during an aggressive attack,
on 2017-10-29 12:05, I received a phone call: "FORSE ho sbagliato numero."

(*) 2019-10-24-night-video -- A voice says: "Questa è la tua casa..." and
I see an animation 3D of my home; it remembers a model 3D from a lidar
with 4 or 8 channels. The voice continues: "...e questo sono io" and
after another animation 3D I see Jesus crucifitted.

---
## [newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk)@[75e0d8094b...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk/commit/75e0d8094b6a7896ba36667243b78e3c6632f347)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 12:59:29 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2020/jan/11/unhappy-love-life-sex-british-women]

---
## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13)@[e851939281...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13/commit/e8519392813b38a5810c752413f696fba42a167a)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 14:06:23 by Ghom

Merge pull request #10523 from Hatterhat/fuck-you-baltimore

you can finally put armor plating on your standard explorer suit hood again

---
## [cathugger/cjdns](https://github.com/cathugger/cjdns)@[a513f72db1...](https://github.com/cathugger/cjdns/commit/a513f72db158143f3a6715ac80e56f3e88ef3d1c)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 14:27:03 by cathugger

fix length limit

```
Error: gcc -c -x cpp-output -o build_linux/util_platform_netdev_NetPlatform_linux_c.o -std=c99 -Wall -Wextra -Werror -Wno-pointer-sign -Wmissing-prototypes -pedantic -D linux=1 -D CJD_PACKAGE_VERSION="unknown" -Wno-unused-parameter -D Log_DEBUG -g -D NumberCompress_TYPE=v3x5x8 -D Identity_CHECK=1 -D Allocator_USE_CANARIES=1 -D PARANOIA=1 -march=native -DHAS_ETH_INTERFACE=1 -fPIE -march=armv8-a+crc+aes+sha2 -mcpu=cortex-a53+crc+aes+sha2 -O2 -pipe -march=armv8-a+crc+aes+sha2 -mcpu=cortex-a53+crc+aes+sha2 -O2 -pipe -march=armv8-a+crc+aes+sha2 -mcpu=cortex-a53+crc+aes+sha2 -O2 -pipe -D_FORTIFY_SOURCE=2 -fno-stack-protector -fstack-protector-all -Wstack-protector -O2 build_linux/util_platform_netdev_NetPlatform_linux_c.o.i

In file included from /usr/include/string.h:494,
                 from util/platform/netdev/NetPlatform_linux.c:24:
In function ‘strncpy’,
    inlined from ‘socketForIfName’ at util/platform/netdev/NetPlatform_linux.c:81:5:
/usr/include/bits/string_fortified.h:106:10: error: ‘__builtin_strncpy’ specified bound 16 equals destination size [-Werror=stringop-truncation]
  106 |   return __builtin___strncpy_chk (__dest, __src, __len, __bos (__dest));
      |          ^~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
cc1: all warnings being treated as errors

    at error (/var/tmp/portage/net-misc/cjdns-20.4/work/cjdns-cjdns-v20.4/node_build/builder.js:53:15)
    at /var/tmp/portage/net-misc/cjdns-20.4/work/cjdns-cjdns-v20.4/node_build/builder.js:125:22
    at /var/tmp/portage/net-misc/cjdns-20.4/work/cjdns-cjdns-v20.4/node_build/builder.js:95:13
    at ChildProcess.<anonymous> (/var/tmp/portage/net-misc/cjdns-20.4/work/cjdns-cjdns-v20.4/tools/lib/Semaphore.js:7:30)
    at ChildProcess.emit (events.js:210:5)
    at maybeClose (internal/child_process.js:1021:16)
    at Process.ChildProcess._handle.onexit (internal/child_process.js:283:5)
```
basically if strncpy truncates according to limit given, it won't include null terminator therefore gcc warns about that.
also fuck you for using `-Werror` and disabling issues.

---
## [CHEF-KOCH/Warez](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/Warez)@[922f9317e3...](https://github.com/CHEF-KOCH/Warez/commit/922f9317e3a406a35b486e769d12d2a226dbbf6d)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 14:40:39 by CHEF-KOCH

SMLoadr 1.20.0 will be the latest version

Thread:
https://www.reddit.com/r/Piracy/comments/eihuis/smloadr_is_now_over/

Oh, don't worry, just wait for fake update ala 1.20.1 (bugfix). 

> If you support a dev, you're the worst of the worst, according to the community. The names I've been called in threads where I give devs support is worse than the shit I get called in real life (Indigenous person living in Canada.). The toxicity of the overall community needs to change, and the intelligence level needs to come up considerably. Maybe we should go back to the days of when this stuff was all hidden and invite only and people were vetted to gain access.

Boy, that's the smartest thing I ever read on p-reddit, sure thing. Greed, toxicity and several other reasons is why you better support people in the background because people will abuse everything they find out about you, even if it's positive just to find "weaknesses". It's like The Walking Dead out there, I'm not even joking here. 

Rick Grimes:
"Because it's all about survival now. At any cost. People out there are always looking for an angle. Looking to play on your weakness. They measure you by what they can take from you. By how they can use you to live. So bringing people into a place like this now..." - Season 5 Episode 12 

Info taken from here: 
https://www.quotes.net/mquote/933204

---
## [CyborgVillager/Gui_Tutorial](https://github.com/CyborgVillager/Gui_Tutorial)@[c8ecb57171...](https://github.com/CyborgVillager/Gui_Tutorial/commit/c8ecb571712155c469d8b5c3bc7ecdbaa895bad4)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 15:07:25 by CyborgVillager

v20 Forked Kivy

Forked Kivy: forked kivy onto this project, will be using the forked, and the fall semester as a
                    reference when working on the project, Will create a new respo called Kivy_Project0.
                    This will be a test run on re-learning the ropes

        of kivy. After a day of testing on the 12th of 1/20 will be working on the project. Once that is completed
        will re-work on django and make a temp site to host the program. So instead of having a ide to launch the
        program you just have to run the application by clicking on it. will have to learn on how to compile the
        code into an .exe.

        Besides that this respo has been fun and exciting, have so many plans & ideas on using this to its full potential
        and will continue to test out kivy to its limit once I implement a couple of A.i prototypes into the mix.
        2020 will be an interesting year for me, and potentially for you as well. A lot of changes will happen that will
        not only benefit me, but also benefit other people as well.

        As long you keep on moving forward with an idea/plan you will be alright. Just remeber that there will be a couple
        of bumps along the way, and remember thats part of life. Use those bumps to your advantage by learning from
        them, and see it for it's true colors. Keep your mind open, but also take into consideration the logical aspects
        of it as well. Remember that we as a species are both logical & emotional in nature. Thanks to those 2 aspects
        our species has come from the stone age filled with dangers and perils that today many would not dare
        would want to face.

        Thanks to those sacrfices on learning about our world and its many wonders & dangers we
        as a species has made the wild world called Earth our home. We have terraform it to suit our needs for survial
        and for pleasure/entertainment. Theres so much out there begging to be discovered in either history,science,
        and the great unknown it fills me with excitment knowing that working on this, and by furthing increasing my
        knowledge in programming. I am able to create ideas into reality, give them form and shape. As same for our
        ancestors when they brought there idea's of the wheel, farming, metal forging, arts & craft, and even religion
        into a reality! We are both creators & destroyers the caretakers & plunders of this great world called Earth.

        I am confident that our species, will continue to advance and make other worlds our home as well. With the advent
        of A.i and their ever increasing intelligence we can also have them by our sides giving this universe a breath of
        new life. As of now humans are the tree while A.i is its fruit. Soon the fruit will drop from the tree and sprout
        a into a new tree of unlimited potential. Hopefully our generation will get to see the A.i fruit come into
        a blossom. If not then im glad that I and our generation has helped in the assistance in putting in the fertilizer
        for the A.I seed. This is also in thanks to our previous generation for putting the seed into existence, and
        neccassary nutrion and structure into a reality as well.

        To the arts & crafts for creating many, many outtakes of A.i, future
        technology, future history, and for the both postive & negative aspects of it. To science & history on the
        effort into making the technology/ideas into a reality that will improve the lives of many, many lives for our planet.
        Despite the setbacks of harm that has come to our species and to the numerous times of potential exiction events
        our species, have & will continue to do the un-expected, continue to thrive under both harsh and lucrative
        conditions. No matter the take of the environment or era, we have continued to go above and beyond for any
        species to have ever existed on our world, and possibility the universe as well.

        Theres so much to learn and do, its unbearable. Use your time wisely and remember to do your out-most best,
        your playing iron man mode after all. The future is ours, lets change history together for the benefit of
        mankind and for its many, many inhabitants on our lush-green watery world called Earth.

        Take care, and unleash your hidden potential to the fullest
        Sincerly,
        ~ JA

---
## [Ashwin7999/Python](https://github.com/Ashwin7999/Python)@[ccf91773e4...](https://github.com/Ashwin7999/Python/commit/ccf91773e40499db233510404e4ecba1a180ed97)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 15:32:05 by Ashwin7999

Create Twice counter

Given an array of n words. Some words are repeated twice (exactly twice and not more than that), We need count such words

TEST CASE 1:
2
10
hate love peace love peace hate love peace love peace
8
Tom Jerry Thomas Tom Jerry Courage Tom Courage

OUTPUT:
1
2

---
## [dcos/dcos-ui](https://github.com/dcos/dcos-ui)@[965dfe29c1...](https://github.com/dcos/dcos-ui/commit/965dfe29c10c40dd360bda7b8270b562b3a04969)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 15:52:57 by Pierre Beitz

refactor: apply some love to code around virtual networks

we're
* removing references to unused data (things like `vtep_mac_oui`, `vtep_subnet`)
* removing `OverlayList` and the convolutions around it in favor of a brand new
`Overlay`-type that has the idea of implementing a "decoder" that builds
something of type `Overlay` from an API-Response.
* pulling out methods from classes that can actually be functions. this narrows
interfaces and is a step on the way to function components.
* making use of optional chaining if it boils down code.
* making sure the overlay-type flows to everywhere an Overlay is used in a
component.
* address some easy-to-fix type-issues along the way.

this is a rather big and unwieldy commit, sorry!

it actually started to prepare for integrating a calico-network-type in the
service-form. as we're currently in the process of massively refactoring the
code of dcos-ui in order to become faster on future features (and keep our
sanity) it evolved to the start of a POC on how to get rid of our current
store-architecture. that will be handled in the next commit.

---
## [egor-tensin/linux-home](https://github.com/egor-tensin/linux-home)@[6b006a156a...](https://github.com/egor-tensin/linux-home/commit/6b006a156aebce8cf1fc3baa7d2dd7fef72cc27c)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 16:16:51 by Egor Tensin

autostart: hide gnome-keyring-ssh

Fuck you, system ssh-agent's, honestly.

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[45e275afa3...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/45e275afa36f8c2fb22902f51b7df6ee4525bb3f)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 16:44:33 by Saqib Ali

First Team Data Scientist – The Video Analyst.com. Vertical Yellow Pages JOBS: SENIOR DATA SCIENCE PRODUCT MANAGER CHICAGO UNITED STATES. Rewards Network - Data Scientist. Hospital Yellow Pages JOBS: SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST   JP70558 RALEIGH NC USA. Data Science (Jupyter/Azure ML/MatLab) | Jobs. Data Scientist II Job Opening in Arlington, Virginia - Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM). Lead Data Scientist Job Opening in Arlington, Virginia - Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics (SIAM). Social/Data Scientist, Military Personnel Analytics Team - Fors Marsh Group - Career Page. Social/Data Scientist, Military Personnel Analytics Team - Fors Marsh Group - Career Page. A2928 Lectureship in GeoSpatial Data Science - Jobs at Lancaster University.

---
## [Gundam-MS/SPD-OFFICER-MARGARET-JOHNSON-HAS-MULTIPLE-TATOOS](https://github.com/Gundam-MS/SPD-OFFICER-MARGARET-JOHNSON-HAS-MULTIPLE-TATOOS)@[b00a2081f8...](https://github.com/Gundam-MS/SPD-OFFICER-MARGARET-JOHNSON-HAS-MULTIPLE-TATOOS/commit/b00a2081f8e32242ce90dafe086681bcc9a1386b)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 20:43:34 by Cory Andrew Hofstad

Brittany Brenon is Margaret "Heaven" Johnson

Margaret has a little sister who goes by the Alias "Nicole Smith". This Nicole Smith character is the real "Heaven Leigh Johnson", while Margaret used her name for undercover police work and whatever illegal bullshit she does when she is not with me. All Brittany's children are mine.

---
## [RubenSteen/mapquiz](https://github.com/RubenSteen/mapquiz)@[cd279d0afb...](https://github.com/RubenSteen/mapquiz/commit/cd279d0afb5c65e33b62bbd15d5facc779d9a481)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 20:52:25 by Cruorzy

Haven't commit in a LONG time so let do it! a lot of shit has happend. a lot of facepalms me trying to do something stupid then think about it for weeks even months. Forget about the project come back no idea how it was coded. learning what I did then facepalm on some shit idk anymore lets hope i'm gonna finish it atleast.

---
## [CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[6e1f8d7485...](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/6e1f8d7485b1adaf5b31e381e00ff94104497877)
#### Saturday 2020-01-11 21:44:20 by Foreck1

Void Ripper, Endorium Ingot and sword

The Void Ripper is you new best friend blinking sword, 105 frames give it a lot of life, personality and not a hint of possessed evil at all, take yours!

---

# [<](2020-01-10.md) 2020-01-11 [>](2020-01-12.md)

