# [<](2020-11-02.md) 2020-11-03 [>](2020-11-04.md)

205,655 events, 110,094 push events, 174,850 commit messages, 14,923,607 characters


## [treefrogman/NodeOpDevEnvironment](https://github.com/treefrogman/NodeOpDevEnvironment)@[0a7243f6e4...](https://github.com/treefrogman/NodeOpDevEnvironment/commit/0a7243f6e43fd88f8b28dab0ec0cd83b98d9ceb5)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 22:38:45 by Miles Cooley

Removed offset hack. Instead use overflow: visible

Time to party!! 🥳🎈🍾🎊🎉

The stupid gimmick of adding and subtracting offsets to prevent cropping
    of the top and left parts of svg elements is completely unnecessary!

That crap has been removed, and is replaced with this lovely in the CSS:
svg {
	overflow: visible
}

---
## [ambroff/gecko](https://github.com/ambroff/gecko)@[1600bd66d5...](https://github.com/ambroff/gecko/commit/1600bd66d522ec9a6177dcb1c79de7ead4f6c288)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:08:05 by 

Bug 397929 - Convert GetMessage APIs to GetMessageMoz APIs, at the C++ symbol level only (vtables remain the same), to work around brain-dead, idiotic, insane Windows API macros.  r=bsmedberg, a=schrep

---
## [timberio/vector](https://github.com/timberio/vector)@[b04f431011...](https://github.com/timberio/vector/commit/b04f4310116615dee6df12b7a42fdf626b2cec2f)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:03 by Jesse Szwedko

enhancement(aws_ec2_metadata transform): Add internal events (#4480)

* enhancement(aws_ec2_metadata transform): Add internal events

This adds a few internal events to the aws_ec2_metadata transform:

* AwsEc2MetadataEventProcessed: fired any time an event flows through
  the transform. Note that the event might not be annotated with any
  fields if the EC2 metadata refresh was never successful.
* AwsEc2MetadataRefreshComplete: fired whenever the EC2 metadata refresh
  executes. Note that this just means the refresh ran, but not that it
  was able to refresh any fields. More on this below.
* AwsEc2MetadataRequestFailed: Fired any time a EC2 metadata field fails
  to be fetched.

This also makes a couple of changes to the way errors are handled and
propagated within the metadata refresh. Previously it would swallow
requests that returned with a non-200 status code, but propagate any
other errors up (like network connection errors). It felt odd to me to
treat the HTTP status code errors differently, so I modified the
functions fetching the metadata to simply propagate up errors. I then
added wrapper functions that simply emit any errors and return an
Option<Bytes> containing the value that was requested. This feels more
consistant to me.

The refresh task part of this transform is a bit different in that it
can experience partial failures that we don't want to halt the fetching
and refresh of additional fields. For this reason, I added the
AwsEc2MetadataRequestFailed event that can be used to track individual
request failures, but there is no general refresh task failure. Instead,
I just have an AwsEc2MetadataRefreshComplete event that demarks that the
refresh task ran at all.

Signed-off-by: Jesse Szwedko <jesse@szwedko.me>

* Switch from individual request errors to refresh errors

This changes the `aws_ec2_metadata` metadata transform to be all or
nothing as opposed to allowing partial refreshes. This results in easier
to reason about metrics and errors (in my opinion) as it is a simple
pass / fail and we avoid ending up in possibly partially updated
information.

Refresh failures are still non-fatal; simply logging rather than failing
events flowing through the transform.

Signed-off-by: Jesse Szwedko <jesse@szwedko.me>

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[ff5de7d5e8...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/ff5de7d5e8d66610888e2ceb43685dfa977ee815)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

add attribution for VisualStyle assets

   A tiny bit of background about me: I turn 30 tomorrow. A close friend
   from our neighborhood died last month. I've been thinking about life
   and death a lot lately. This game is an expression of my recent
   thoughts and feelings.

   -Jason Rohrer, creator of Passage

Sometimes I think the best way to safely reflect is to pick a point in
time and ask: What brought me peace in the middle of the night?

---

Twenty years ago, I was in the winter of fifth grade.

I was a good student, I earned perfect grades, read constantly, and was
reminded by my peers on a daily basis that I was gay, and a loser, and
inferior. Finding no friends in them, I rather sought solace in the
non-real and abstract.

When Earth disappointed, there was Middle Earth, and Channelwood, and
Zebes to explore. When burned by people, I quipped with Milo, was
comforted by Hoo-Lan, and held hands with Tori.

It was the nights when my nose was buried between the pages of The Boy
Who Lost His Face, or when my glasses reflected the passages and
corridors of South Figaro that I was most at peace.

---

Ten years ago, I was in the winter of my freshmen year at an Ivy League
university.

I was a terrible student, I skipped class constantly, and avoided my
peers as much as possible. I slept through many days and spent countless
nights wandering through the suburbs surrounding campus. I climbed
cranes when no one would worry, self-injured during showers when no one
would hear, and wore sunglasses so people would have a harder time
reading my facial expressions.

Despite all this, I had a girlfriend back home that I was in love with.
Before leaving for college, I wrote:

   asleep in your arms
   the world is placid and warm
   everything is right

I felt that if I could just hold out long enough to see her again, I
would have nights like that again.

---

I'm now in the winter of my final year as a graduate student.

I'm an okay student I guess, but I have loving friends, healthy hobbies,
and a lot to look forward to. Any stressors are, once again, external:
school, deadlines, bills, etc. I've been sleeping somewhat poorly the
last month or so, but having more time to produce (code, words, music,
thoughts) as a result.

Tonight, I woke up at 4am and, unable to find sleep again, left my
apartment for a walk. Surrounded by darkness, I breathed in the 10F air,
and found peace in the sound of freshly-fallen snow crunching under my
boots.

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[f70177055b...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/f70177055bca0212e54ee6e1ad9bda85ebb69863)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

adjust MusicRate split BPM OptRow text for 4:3

Rabbit has been video blogging about her trip to Taiwan for a multi-day
DDR tournament recently. I don't understand what she is saying, but she
seems to really be having a good time, and that is nice, so I kind of
skim through them when am looking for something to not think too hard
about.

In her most recent video, she added English subtitles for certain parts.
She mostly just kept translating "Tired" and "I'm tired." and "I have
not lost any matches yet, so I cannot be relieved yet." It was the third
day of the event, I think.

She had someone else hold her camera for what ended up being her final
match, which she won. When she was then declared the winner of the
women's DDR tournament, she broke down crying from exhaustion.

It felt strange to watch but also completely relatable right now.

---

Josh seemed well-adjusted and healthy. When I asked him what he thought
about the broader implications of the work we did on that project, he
said he didn't, that he wasn't interested in what the project was
teaching, only focusing on the code. "It's just another Army project."

So we talked instead about how things had gone after I left, what
different people were up to, and how the project had helped him learn.

He feels a lot of doubt and imposter syndrome at his current job, noting
that he's working with so many really smart people he can't keep up
with. I conveyed that he was, by far, the best and most dedicated
programmer I'd worked with on that project and encouraged him to just
keep at it.

He responded at some point that he would never know as much as I had
known when I was mentoring him. "You always knew the correct answer to
every question I had for."

Without even really thinking, I found myself explaining that at the time
I just wanted the people I worked with to feel okay.  More than any
final product we produced, I wanted everyone to feel welcome and
appreciated.  I didn't want anyone to ever feel like they were an idiot
the way so many grad school professors had told me I was.

That the details of the technical explanations were entirely secondary.

That I wanted everyone to feel okay for not knowing things and feel
encouraged to ask questions, because it was a great way to learn.

That we would figure out a solution to the question together, as a team.

I had not thought about it like that in a while, or maybe ever, I don't
know. It was surprising to have such a precise, articulate response on
the tip of my tongue, as though I'd prepared it.

---

I am supposed to meet with Josh on Saturday.

While I was in California, I said I just needed to hold together long
enough to get back to Pittsburgh and then I could regroup.

Now, I just need to hold together until the weekend to meet with Josh
and talk about work and then drive back to Pittsburgh.

---

I wonder how I'll make it to the end of this week.

---

While I was in California, I kind of ate my way through grief and tried
not to worry about it. It was probably 5x my recent daily caloric
intake.

Now back in Pittsburgh, I see I still lost weight while there. Someday
I’ll figure out how this body works.

---

"This is something I'll take to the grave with me. This is something I
can never tell him."

---

I don't know, but I wonder.

I wonder if this is what love feels like.

I've felt so afraid for so long, but I must have spent 7 or 8 hours
looking at him today and fear never once crossed my mind.

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[17968c3869...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/17968c3869169f54c101e1182d5c0140a74787a5)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

add to SL Acknowledgments and hitd#23

There's a bit in The Bell Jar where Esther describes the
electroconvulsive therapy she is being administered.

  Something bent down and took a hold of me and shook me like the end
  ofthe world. Whee-ee-ee-ee–ee, it shrilled, through an air crackling
  with blue light, and with each flash a great jolt drubbed me till I
  thought my bones would break and the sap fly out of me like a split
  plant. I wondered what terrible thing I had done.

The first fifteen years with depression, being prescribed 30+ unique
prescription drugs in different combinations, seeing five different
therapists for multiple years each, bouncing in and out of different
hospitalizations, being treated with ECT — all these things over all
that time, I was never able to appreciate Esther's words.

Ketamine treatments for suicidal ideation are like experiencing 3 years
of depression compressed into 2 hours. Living with depression might make
you say, "yeah, existing sucks, but it's never worse than -5 out of -10,
and that's rare, so there's never real concern."

Being treated for depression with ketamine is like saying, "if I let
myself be beaten with bricks for two hours I might come out on the other
side cured."

I was still immobilized in the chair hours after the sixth infusion
concluded when even the unutterable darkness at the bottom of my soul
caved in. The foggy nothing keeping me afloat drained away, leaving only
despair.

The distance from my brain to my limbs was still too far at 5:30 and I
fell out of the Uber taking me home. Unable to tell my body what to do,
I laid half on the asphalt, half on the sidewalk, and prayed that a car
coming around the corner wouldn't see me in time and take care of
things.

The driver picked me up and propped me to my apartment door.

That night I saw something else in the mirror. I taped up paper towels a
few days later and still haven't taken them down. Seeing things that
aren't supposed to be there isn't terrible, but not seeing things that
you've come to expect is deeply troubling.

And somewhere in all this, I decided I'd rather keep living than have to
experience even one more ketamine treatment for depression ever again.

That's a twisty logic that loops into itself and doesn't resolve
satisfactorily, but it's a reason to keep living.

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[98ca1057c1...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/98ca1057c15b25132f2d0ea118a3a838c3d10a90)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

fix MusicRate OptRow to support Split BPMs

Hey, Steve. How are you today?

    Terrible. I'm terrible. Still trying to find a way to Harrisburg.

Yeah, I understand. How is your dad doing? Is there any news?

    I don't know. I haven't heard anything. I'm trying to get out there
    before it's too late.

Mm, well, I was thinking about that. Downtown there's a bus station, and
buses leave for Harrisburg every few hours. Would you want to go with me
to the bus station right now? I can buy you a ticket for the next bus
there.

     What? No, I need gas money.

Oh, you have a car? You never said anything about that.

    Yeah, it's not mine. I just need enough money for gas to Harrisburg.

Hmm, well, okay. Is the car nearby? I can meet you at a gas station and
fill your tank up for you.

     Shit, I need money to get to Harrisburg to see my dad before he
     dies and you don't trust me.

Yeah. I. It's not anything against you. I know I'm not trustworthy,
myself, so I don't really trust anyone. I lie all the time, so I imagine
others do, too. I'm sorry.

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[ce1fb68625...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/ce1fb68625e30878b227a9934b0b692ea7e89048)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

fix SelectMusic header bug from prev commit

I keep thinking about the library,
my mind still walking up and down the stacks,
even if my body isn’t.

It had the sort of love
I thought was long gone from this world.

Collections of recommended reading
in literature, history, music, art.

Each pile accompanied by a photograph
of the librarian who'd found such delight
in this book and this album,
this film and this painting,
they couldn't wait to share it with you.

They wanted you to know that same joy.

It was exquisite how personal it felt.

Even the computers
felt so pleasantly helpful,
quaint catalog systems
and digital composition demos.

And that was great, really.

It felt like I felt about computers 20 years ago.

Technology was mysterious
but contained so much budding potential.
As though we as humans
were just on the cusp of seeing something else.

It would surely be good,
just beyond, just over that peak,
still slightly out of reach.

There was so much innocent optimism.
So much imagination, and camaraderie,
and hope that humanity would be brought closer together
by the act of sharing knowledge with one another.

I guess I can't go back to that time

before Facebook data mining,
the rise of fascism on Twitter,
and the rush to run studies
on how to more effectively train humans
to kill other humans
through carefully
crafted
algorithms.

But the stacks held me for a while,
retaining me in the present
just long enough, as though to say,
"it is still possible to feel okay."

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[6815699ece...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/6815699ecee9992a33b4e97ce02737f3331ead84)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

fix op.menu preview pane for MenuTimerOptions

   What was your time in the happy place like?

Oh, it's less these days. Right out of high school, there was maybe six
months where I was just in and out of different hospitals nonstop. I
have a lot of stories for sure.

But then, I don't know, my brain settled and I was only in two over the
next few years, and then not again for a decade or so. My most recent
stay was about two years ago now.

   Mine too.

Mm, I'd wanted to ask you about that. I saw, you know, your arms when
you were changing out of your hoodie.

   You should never be afraid to ask anything about that. I had a lot of
   alcohol and a razor. I danced around my dog until I fell over onto
   the blood-soaked carpet.

Oh, not even the scars, I meant—

    There's not really any mistaking what they are.

Yeah, I know. I just meant your story. Your feelings, your thoughts. I
wanted to ask about those when I saw. I'm glad you brought it up,
really.

   Most people don't need meds, they just want someone who understands,
   or if not that, will just listen.

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[6288d1d54e...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/6288d1d54e55a2a5ea3e5a14977366582c1060a2)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

include descriptive text with SpeedModType

It has something to do with feeling like I'm there. I am the one being
chased, I am the one panicking, I am running for my life, feeling
terror.

For me, it's most easily activated by sound. When I watched (tried to
watch) Children of Men, the chase-through-the-forest scene was already
intense, plot-wise. But the peaceful, dreamlike hum that preceded,
contrasted against the long, drawn out sounds of her slowly bleeding to
death through her throat that extended far past the chase itself,
preventing any merciful release of tension, put my senses way, way over
the edge and I had to eject myself from the movie.

The hour or so that followed, I laid on the carpet in my living room. I
knew it was a quiet day, but every tiny little sound—a faucet being
turned on somewhere else in the building, or two people conversing as
they walked by outside—every sound was excruciating.

Despite knowing that it wasn't reality, my brain was allowing emotion to
bleed into reality, confusing the two for a time while it calmed down.

---
## [CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5)@[b3a278e7f7...](https://github.com/CrashCringle12/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/b3a278e7f7dffa9ff3bb3c998ebc5e35d06cbb4f)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:23:59 by quietly-turning

switch SL's license from MIT to GPLv3

One of the survivors, poking around in the ruins with the point of a
spear, uncovers a singed photo of Richard Stallman. They stare in
silence. "This," one of them finally says, "This is a man who BELIEVED
in something."

---

I'm switching Simply-Love-SM5's license from MIT to GPLv3 because it
aligns most closely with the objectives of this project.

Quite simply, I was not supposed to live past March 31, 2018, so I chose
the MIT the license in 2f68e25f75c5dfe0bd11fa2009bd54745d2a77ba for
SLv4.7 with the idea that it would be a gift to the community and I
wouldn't be alive past that to care what happened.

It didn't play out that way; I'm still here developing for Simply Love
and the StepMania project.  Simply Love v4.8 was very much an Extra Stage.

It seems there have now been 9 additional releases of this project past
the intended final release.  I think it's fair to acknowledge:

1. Simply Love will continue to see more releases going forward.
2. The MIT license that was intended to be the most permissive possible
   now seems less desirable in the context of my efforts being used for
   commercial endeavors and anyone's personal profit.

Regarding external libraries currently in Simply-Love-SM5:

 ./Scripts/utf8.lua is BSD 3-Clause
 ./BGA/_modules/QR Code/qrencode.lua is BSD 3-Clause
 ./Scripts/sha2for51.lua is ???
    it appears to originate from https://stackoverflow.com/a/51561685

There's a single function (TableToString_Recursive) in ./Scripts/06
SL-Utilities.lua that came from http://www.hpelbers.org/lua/print_r
which now 404s.

If you've previously contributed code or assets to Simply Love for free
(I did not commission the work from you for payment) and you don't want
that work to be GPLv3 licensed, please let me know by @ing me on GitHub
and I'll remove it from the project.

If you've previously contributed code or assets to Simply Love that I
paid you for and you don't want that work to be GPLv3 licensed, please @
me on GitHub so we can discuss it.  If you don't have a GitHub account,
I can be reached at quietly.turning at gmail dot com.

It's possible that some code and/or assets in Simply-Love-SM5 right now
that will need to be removed, but I believe I've performed a best-effort
review.  I can address additional things should they come up in the
future.

---
## [breadburner13/Wave-Shooter-Base](https://github.com/breadburner13/Wave-Shooter-Base)@[39637dfebe...](https://github.com/breadburner13/Wave-Shooter-Base/commit/39637dfebe1bd597c8f0e66570fe6cfe6a5eb36f)
#### Tuesday 2020-11-03 23:44:44 by amiyourtype

edited wavemanager

Kimi wa ne tashika ni ano toki watashi no soba ni ita
Itsudatte itsudatte itsudatte sugu yoko de waratteita nakushitemo
Torimodosu kimi wo I will never leave you.

If you wanna battle, then I'll take it to the street
Where there's no rules
Take off the gloves ref, please step down
Gotta prove my skills so get down

My lyrical dempsey roll about to smack down now
Gotta shoot to kill and shoot the skill
Don't you be afraid, man's gotta do how it feels
Six to seven to eight to nine ten
I flip the script to make it to the top ten, go

Dreamless dorm, ticking clock
I walk away from the soundless room
Windless night, moonlight melts
My ghostly shadow into the lukewarm gloom

Nightly dance of bleeding swords
Reminds me that I still live

Every man's gotta fight the fear
I'm the first to admit it
Sheer thoughts provoke the new era

Become a big terror, but my only rival is my shadow
Rewind then play it back and fix my own error
Get low to the ground, it's getting better
Like I told you before, double up and take more cheddar

L to the J, say stay laced, here's my card, B
Royal flush and I'm the ace

---

# [<](2020-11-02.md) 2020-11-03 [>](2020-11-04.md)

