# [<](2020-03-23.md) 2020-03-24 [>](2020-03-25.md)

2,596,549 events, 1,237,746 push events, 1,990,137 commit messages, 157,450,955 characters


## [EOBGames/tgstation](https://github.com/EOBGames/tgstation)@[45435c2bdf...](https://github.com/EOBGames/tgstation/commit/45435c2bdfc10f86a5cb56aee230e730e19e2e43)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 02:21:11 by LemonInTheDark

Makes rarity not suck (#6)

* Fuck you EOF

* Makes rarity not suck

---
## [Feasel/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/Feasel/Citadel-Station-13)@[fd70734eee...](https://github.com/Feasel/Citadel-Station-13/commit/fd70734eee366a1b3fa9b39b9173effadb8256ee)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 04:16:38 by Feasel

[Balance Pass] - Stunbaton (Because no one wants to do a single line change to make this not shit)

I'm putting it at 35 as Kevinz suggest, rather it be 49 but w/e.

The "Intuitive" system will be staying, but now it won't suck ass to actually be used as a stamina draining weapon.

---
## [BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet)@[4558d856e4...](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/4558d856e454d82972537ef1522d8c8983f539f2)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 05:43:55 by zeskorion

I have done nothing but code bread for three hours (#1396)

* I think i figgered this out

* should fix it

* Revert "should fix it"

This reverts commit f4af2bd841184fd4dd157061f86e87d401e3ad65.

* fuckin vscpode

* viewers

* fuckin

hate this shit

* Made an oopsie here

---
## [rylasasin/FrackinUniverse](https://github.com/rylasasin/FrackinUniverse)@[95fbb4d473...](https://github.com/rylasasin/FrackinUniverse/commit/95fbb4d47319fea31b94f670757b3dde6014303d)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 06:51:20 by rylasasin

Some more banilla dungeon tweaks

**Erchius**:
- Removed Miner in the area just below your first encounter with Moontants. He would always die before you encountered him anyway. He is now a corpse.
- Included some blood and corpse bits for decoration to help cement the mood of the mission (those Moontants were quite hungry.) These are special versions that don't cause sanity loss (a little too early for players to worry about that and/or a little too easy for them to farm madness this early.)
- Replaced the Lunar Door by the group of surviving miners with a regular one (for some reason it never placed properly.)
- Monster Spawner in the long shaft preceeding the boss now spawns wattspers like it should. No more burrowers (and gleaps.)
- Because wattspers die far easier than burrowers, I've introduced two more monster spawners in said shaft (one in the middle, and one at the end.) they operate on a hidden trigger/detector rather than the door. Said two spawners can also spawn FUMoontants (because they're right above platforms.)

**Great Pagoda**
- Dolphins you see on the lift now spawn on your way down instead of always being there, increasing the chance you'll see them.
- Cut down on a few dolphins. They're a nice touch, but I think I might have gone a bit overboard with them.
- Opened a hole in a(n inaccessable) flooded room with a dolphin in it, so he can get in and out of it.
- Gosmets now spawn when you're in a certain position in those rooms, instead of always being there (and there's more of them.)

---
## [ArcaneDefence/tgstation](https://github.com/ArcaneDefence/tgstation)@[3771a93151...](https://github.com/ArcaneDefence/tgstation/commit/3771a93151360a594d2afd6971d953520b22d4bd)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 07:37:48 by ArcaneDefence

Don't code late at night, you miss dumb shit and make yourself look stupid

you have posted CRINGE now you will lose subscriber

---
## [newstools/2020-naija-news-agency](https://github.com/newstools/2020-naija-news-agency)@[533842734a...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-naija-news-agency/commit/533842734a6113f6fe3c2bcbae842cc8eccc68bb)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 08:51:01 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [naijanewsagency.com/event-march-23-27-2020-faith-hope-love-conference-2020-hosted-by-praiseworld-radio/]

---
## [MuhammadRazaKhan98/razakhan97](https://github.com/MuhammadRazaKhan98/razakhan97)@[ed9d26052c...](https://github.com/MuhammadRazaKhan98/razakhan97/commit/ed9d26052c077d9f0f75831b9875d5160992fb6f)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 08:59:17 by Pny Trainings

offixfurniture.com


Types of Office Furniture Online Pakistan
The office furniture online Pakistan depends on the space and purpose of your business. The whole environment is supposed to elaborate the services you’re offering. People working within the company or your associates want a cool environment to get further into the work through amazing office furniture Lahore. It is not about the durability but the impression that your reception table leaves on a walking guest. Entering the rooms and guessing the power of your decisions can be guessed by the way people are seated there. Therefore, make it an impressive and classical so, don’t delay and opt for the brand new office furniture for sale. The guest seating should let them face the whole organization for observation. Maintain the meeting rooms that should contain the projector, seats for a maximum group of people and well-arranged.

The organized and well-arranged office that delivers best to their people will only be the one trusted by many of the customers.

Executive Office Furniture
Executive office furniture is the classiest type of online furniture Pakistan. Managers, supervisors and the decision-makers can feel the authority while governing the office. It is the choice to make them feel like an important person in the house. Buy furniture online Pakistan and let your office give a good vibe to you and also your employees.

Wooden Office Furniture
Some of us still have an old-school heart and prefer wooden office furniture over the other classy styles. The good news is wooden office furniture also has some amazing designs to make your office look fantastic. So, you can choose the style that suits your personal attitude and also fit in with the contemporary trends. The choice is all yours so, choose wisely, in fact, spend carefully.

Modern Home Office Furniture
More people are settling in homes for their work. As a freelancer, home bakers or marketing people. They are comfortable working from home rather than following the 9-5 routine jobs. It’s not that easy, you need a proper environment for focus and right attention span to keep moving. If the job is 8 hours routine, the self-employed job is a 24-hour hassle. So, the comfortable working space with modern home office furniture is necessary.

Refresh Your Workspace with New Office Furniture
A durable online furniture Pakistan is also a blessing. Life may become hard at the time but a comfortable chair can give you a relaxing moment. Companies with the vision will never compromise on the furniture of the office. People seating on revolving chairs can also evolve your company in months because you serve them with most long-lasting executive office furniture. Remember that workspace is the place where decisions and ideas take flight so, it needs be perfect in every way. Comfort, style and class are all important along with the durability and office have it for you.

We have custom offers on special discount office furniture and that will include all other accessories too. Just reach our team, provide them with all necessary details and requirements and order the whole furniture online Pakistan within your budget.

---
## [MuhammadRazaKhan98/razakhan97](https://github.com/MuhammadRazaKhan98/razakhan97)@[9e6aa5504b...](https://github.com/MuhammadRazaKhan98/razakhan97/commit/9e6aa5504b118d2799bf95171846ad77d12a5637)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 09:08:31 by Pny Trainings

offixfurniture.com

Buy Best Office Furniture In Pakistan
Creativity, innovation and style are the new cool. Home or office furniture is the one thing that tells a lot about the minds working there. The best office furniture will create an environment for the employees to provide ease for daily tasks. So, let’s check out some new and cheap office furniture ideas and explore creativity. Pakistan is one of the countries that is still discovering new ways to implement some great co-operative ideas, to facilitate their staff in the best possible way. One of the foremost things to do is to set up the furniture in the right way. Office furniture Pakistan is now a proper industry that is all set to offer amazing, innovative and affordable designs for office workspace.So buy Furniture from our Best Online Furniture Store. 

Buy office furniture online that offers great posture along with the comfort, it will definitely boost up employees productivity and overall happy environment. People love to work at the place where their back doesn’t hurt and table takes the most of their load feasibly.https://offixfurniture.com

---
## [input-output-hk/cardano-wallet](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-wallet)@[f626bf8e01...](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-wallet/commit/f626bf8e012633320e2a0b5c230baa435d67215e)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 09:10:22 by iohk-bors[bot]

Merge #1474

1474: Mark wallet as "dead" when underlying workers die r=KtorZ a=KtorZ

# Issue Number

<!-- Put here a reference to the issue this PR relates to and which requirements it tackles -->

#1292 (in particular, last comment: https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-wallet/issues/1292#issuecomment-581822625)

# Overview

<!-- Detail in a few bullet points the work accomplished in this PR -->

- 551a4632822ad529ae8ab706d1f301da3ac62ecf
  move list databases to enable server calling it from API handlers
  When a wallet worker dies, it is removed from the registry and therefore, is no longer
available for listing. Yet, the file might still exist on disk, so looking at the database
files is more reliable than looking at the registered workers. Should a worker be dead
however, operation on a wallet should be degraded

- 27b19a6be7156a926c12af07c94ae770c3509781
  create a new 'ErrDeadWallet' to capture dead workers
  
- c3ce89abc951b87a9f75d361c1fedc9cc9a8f152
  list workers through known databases and allow recovering from a dead worker
  With this, we could still return wallet as degraded when listing and fetching them independently. At
least, it indicates client that something went wrong and despite being stuck, wallets remains accessible.

- 497820534758086d36ac0d31b7bb26b17bbf792a
  marks wallets as 'dead' when fetching them despite a worker being dead
 
# Comments

<!-- Additional comments or screenshots to attach if any -->

Kinda hard to test because workers ain't supposed to die in practice :grimacing: ...
So, I injected a temporary fault in the restoration loop to make the worker dies immediately and it works as expected:

<details>
    <summary>curl http://localhost:8090/v2/byron-wallets | jq</summary>

```json
[
  {
    "passphrase": {
      "last_updated_at": "2020-03-23T11:36:12.582891065Z"
    },
    "state": {
      "status": "dead"
    },
    "balance": {
      "total": {
        "quantity": 0,
        "unit": "lovelace"
      },
      "available": {
        "quantity": 0,
        "unit": "lovelace"
      }
    },
    "name": "MyWallet",
    "id": "adc78398110d92af3132488546c6977f61dc0c7e",
    "tip": {
      "height": {
        "quantity": 0,
        "unit": "block"
      },
      "epoch_number": 0,
      "slot_number": 0
    }
  }
]
```
</details>

<details>
    <summary>curl http://localhost:8090/v2/byron-wallets/{walletId} | jq</summary>

```json
{
  "passphrase": {
    "last_updated_at": "2020-03-23T11:36:12.582891065Z"
  },
  "state": {
    "status": "dead"
  },
  "balance": {
    "total": {
      "quantity": 0,
      "unit": "lovelace"
    },
    "available": {
      "quantity": 0,
      "unit": "lovelace"
    }
  },
  "name": "MyWallet",
  "id": "adc78398110d92af3132488546c6977f61dc0c7e",
  "tip": {
    "height": {
      "quantity": 0,
      "unit": "block"
    },
    "epoch_number": 0,
    "slot_number": 0
  }
}
```
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Anything else</summary>

```json
{
  "code": "wallet_is_dead",
  "message": "That's embarassing. My associated worker for adc78398110d92af3132488546c6977f61dc0c7e is no longer responding. This is not something that is supposed to happen. The worker must have left a trace in the logs of severity 'Error' when it died which might explain the cause. Said differently, this wallet won't be accessible until the server is restarted but there are good chances it'll recover itself upon restart."
}
```
</details>

<!-- 
Don't forget to:

 ✓ Self-review your changes to make sure nothing unexpected slipped through
 ✓ Assign yourself to the PR
 ✓ Assign one or several reviewer(s)
 ✓ Once created, link this PR to its corresponding ticket
 ✓ Assign the PR to a corresponding milestone
 ✓ Acknowledge any changes required to the Wiki
-->


Co-authored-by: KtorZ <matthias.benkort@gmail.com>

---
## [msobkow/htdocs](https://github.com/msobkow/htdocs)@[4f9531bd2a...](https://github.com/msobkow/htdocs/commit/4f9531bd2a0e303f89780b2d706482341dceae2c)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 09:54:27 by Mark Stephen Sobkow

2020-03-24 2.13 Programmer's Notes Collected

This is a collection of key programmer's notes I've made for 2.12 and 2.13 that I think
are worthy of implementation at some point.  I've tried to present them in order of
priority.  Items which I don't intend to implement in the 2.13 code base are tagged as "Future"
features.  The other sub-heading sections are planned for eventual inclusion in the
2.13 code base.

On Enhancements To CFCore/MssCF

I want to make MssCF support a core feature of the manufactured C++ and Java code, but my
current approach of implementing all bindings, relationships, and iterators in each set of
manufactured code comes with too much overhead.

What I want to do is add a registry map to MssCFEngine that provides a method named
registerMssCFLibrary() that takes the full-dot-path name of a library that is being
registered, and returns true if that library was not already registered after registering
the library in the map, or returning false if the library was previously registered.

Then I can wrap my manufactured MssCF library initializers with registration checks so
they only register the bindings, references, and iterators that are required for the
schema objects that have no DefSchema.  Note that even if a table has a DefSchema, it's
relationships still have to be checked to see if any new relationships were defined by
the current schema that is being manufactured.  No new attributes are ever defined by
a TableAddendum, and any indexes added to a table would be irrelevant to the
verbs produced for a library.  Iterators are based on relationships, not indexes.

The initializer methods for the manufactured and base MssCFEngines would no longer
be virtual, as you'd need to be able to explicitly invoke them from the referencing
library initializers.

Then each MssCF library can invoke the initializers for all of the libraries it
references, they'll check and only register once, and I can assemble MssCF libraries
the way I do the base libraries.

That should bring the future libcfunivmsscf down to a buildable size.

On Implementing CFLibGenericBigDecimal/TCFLibBigDecimal For Java

I need to implement the CFLibGenericBigDecimal and TCFLibBigDecimal objects in Java.
I like what they do with respect to enforced value validation before application, but
I've never tried to wedge into Java's atomic data type support before.  You can't overload
operators with Java, but if you implement the key interfaces like Comparable properly,
that isn't a problem.

The native BigDecimal in Java doesn't enforce the automatic rounding of results,
nor the range-checking before applying values that I do with TCFLibBigDecimal.
TCFLibBigDecimal is method-safe; 99% of the methods do not modify the value
of the variable unless the new value is valid for the constraints of the variable.

On Removing Factories From Java Code

At some point in the future, I want to retrofit the removal of the buffer and key factory
changes from C++ to Java.  I do not want Java and C++ to get too far out of philosophical
sync.  That will require removing the use of the Factory objects and accessors from
the DB/2, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, and PostgreSQL JDBC implementations first.
Then I can remove the Factories from Java entirely as I've done for C++.

Java doesn't support #ifdef code, though, and the overhead of checking for properties for
all of the potential exceptions would slow the Java implementation down too much, so I can't
see any way of automating exception throw test cases for Java.

On Modifications To CFBam 2.13 Model

I need to re-engineer my approach to code customization attributes.  I to modify the CFGenKbTool
table to ensure at least some variant on ToolId, ToolTag, ToolCode, and ToolDescription exist.
They would be populated with { ?, "any", "Any", "Any" }, { ?, "java", "Java", "OpenJDK 13.0.3" },
{ ?, "cplus", "CPlus", "GNU/Linux c++2a" }, and { ?, "csharp", "CSharp", "Microsoft C#/.Net [?Version?]" }.
I may need to modify my rule cartridge specifications and MssCF*Parser implementations and 2.13 knowledge
base to support this.

There would also be entries for each of the supported databases, and for each of the major tools
and layers.  The current suite of tools defined by all the various rule cartridges in the knowledge
base will add to the list as the tools are first defined.

This will allow the knowledge engineer to the list of supported tools and technologies with a new
cartridge for generating files to support to target the chosen open source or proprietary API.

I want to add CFBamGelVerb as a child of the Table object, which would specify the name of a
dynamic GEL expansion verb as their Name, the ToolId that the verb supports, and an
XmlElementName.

Instead of hardcoding my BAM parser, I want to switch over to manufacturing XmlElementName elements
as singleton sub-elements of the Table that specified the verb, which insert entries to a child table
of [Table]GVSpec entries that specify a GelVerb and their specified GEL text.  I do not plan on allowing
multiple specifications of the same verb for a given table; once defined, you should not be overriding it
for now, though I do have some ideas on how to support enhancements and extension specifications in the
future.

That will generalize GEL specifications to the point you can create new specification definitions
without modifying MSS Code Factory itself from 2.13 onwards.

With a little more work on the SAX Parser I produce and a couple more attributes added to MSS Code
Factory 2.12's model, I should be able to implement and support late-resolving references that
in the SAX Loaders aren't resolved until after the child elements of a given element have been
loaded (Reference.LateResolve).

A late-resolving reference expects to receive a scoped dot-path-name in the XML document, which it
will save for the current object until endElement() fires.  endElement() then resolves the dot-path-name
with the children of the object now instantiated, and sets the reference pkey attributes accordingly.
Note that a late resolver must always be optional so that the initial creation of the object succeeds
with NULL values for the relationship pkey attributes.

With any luck, that will provide me all the facilities I need to manufacture CFBamCustXmlLoader-equivalent
functionality as a general-purpose SAX Loader.

On Multi-Threading, Semaphores, Mutexes, and RAM Persistence

I've been thinking about multi-threading, locking, and commits and rollbacks a lot lately.

Although I can't see any way of actually delaying updates until a commit or rolling
back changes in the RAM storage while maintaining its speed, I can see using pthread
lock/mutex functionality on the records in the RAM storage to allow shared updates of
a single RAM instance.

If I also allow table-level pthread locking, and schema-level pthread locking, I think
I can ship a multi-threaded version of the RAM storage schemas.  That would allow me to
support multi-window interfaces, not just the single-form interfaces modernized from the
green screen days to tablet and smart phone interfaces.  One client, one task, no options
except to change applications or navigate via the user interface for that form.

That will provide me with a threading prototype using POSIX standard features while
C++ '20 awaits which is rumoured to have std namespace threading objects, semaphores,
mutexes, and spin locks.  Most of the features I use from GNU 1z become standard in
C++ '20.  I'm coding ahead of the curve.

I'll be working on pthread integration before I work on SQL Server support or Apache
Web Server integration. I'd like to get a prototype Apache web server running with
a global RAM instance that is created on server startup.  Once the server is shut
down, all content is lost.

Then I can work towards demonstratating a Java client connecting via HTTPS to an
Apache secure web server and processing requests against that global RAM instance.

That will provide a foundation to build database integrations on.

On Future Report Generation

Someday I'll also write a report generation tool with MSS Code Factory.  The idea is to
instantiate an MssCFEngine and load it with the report definitions through a separate
rule cartridge of reports, and then specifies GenReport specifications based on GenFile,
but which work with passed-in stream handles instead of creating files.  That way you
could define any supporting rules common to your reports that you like.

I'd need to greatly enhance GEL to provide proper support for calculations and formatting,
of course, so this won't happen any time soon.

The initialization time on the server for the MssCFEngine would be substantial, so you'd want
to create a pool of MssCFEngine instances that have been pre-loaded with the report schema
definitions.

On Future Security Enhancements

These features will not be implemented in the near term, as I need basic
functioning code before I can worry about security it any further than the
current group memberships that I have implemented.

Access Hardware

The hardware someone is using to access an MSS Code Factory produced computer system.
You should be able to restrict access to the hardware used to access systems.
I only deal with the legitimately identified world, though I allow the configuration
of exposure to the anonymous world.

AnonymousHardware - The user is on anonymized hardware.

PublicHardware - The user is on identified but unknown hardware.

IdentifiedHardware - The user may be anywhere, but their hardware has been identified,
narrowing the list of users with authorization to sign in from that piece of
hardware when accessing a cluster of servers.

PrivateHardware - The hardware is identified as owned by the user.

CorporateHardware - The hardware is identified as owned by the corporation.

DepartmentHardware - The hardware is not only owned by the corporation, but by
a particular department.

Access Network

The domain/network being used to access the systems from the hardware is also
relevant to fine-grained security.  You should be able to restrict the
access to users connecting from known access domains.

PublicNetwork - The user is accessing the system from the public networks.

KnownISP - The user is accessing the system from a recognized ISP's network.

KnownNetwork - The user is accessing the system from a known network, such as
a named home gateway maintained by the ISP or a department full of desktops
and secure WiFi access points.  Even if the ISP uses dynamic IPs, the
KnownNetwork shall be predictable and stable for a given subscriber's access
points.

Access Node

KnownNode - The user is accessing the system from known hardware within
the KnownNetwork, such as the PCs and smart phones and tablets an ISP subscriber's
family owns and uses, and priveleged friends of the family that are allowed to
access the internal network, not just use the ISP access point to get to the internet.

GuestNode - The user is accessing the system from a KnownNetwork with
guest-owned hardware that has been identified by the ISP subscriber and
allowed to access the internet.

DataCenterNode - The hardware is located in the data center or in the
corporate-authorized cloud.

DbServerNode - The hardware is a database server in the core of the security rings.

AppServerNode - The hardware is located in the app server ring around the database
servers.

DeptServerNode - The hardware is located in a department's server room or in
the department-authorized cloud.

DeptClientNode - The hardware is client hardware authorized by the department
and physically located within the department's premises at the time of access (VPNs are
considered to be part of the department's internal network, so such access falls under
this classification for known hardware.).

CorpClientNode - The hardware is client hardware authorized by the corporation,
but not by the department.

You can not sign into the system with unidentified hardware unless you have a
piece of identified and authorized hardware that can receive an SMS message
with a security code. The security code may be up to 32 characters, but can
not be less than 6.

Signing For Data

Unsigned - The user does not have to sign for access.

Authenticated - The user has to be logged in to the system, which means they are
using identified hardware.

Signed - a signature by the user is required for accessing data, applications,
or forms and reports at that level.

LowerSigned - A user with this level of security does not require a signature,
but users with one lesser level of access must sign for access to the data.
Thus a manager wouldn't need to sign for access to data, just the system,
but the staff would need to sign for access, and anyone else couldn't
access the data at all. Higher level security can access the data unsigned,
of course.

Data that has to be signed for always has the signature, time of access,
and type of access logged.

Encryption

The type of encryption is determined by who has the keys to the data, if
there are any.

NoEncryption - There is no encryption on the data (default value.)

ClusterEncryption - The data is encrypted with the cluster key.  The name
of the key is not retained with the data for security and performance reasons.

ServerEncryption - The data is encrypted with the server key.  The name
of the key is not retained with the data for security and performance reasons.

TenantEncryption - The tenant administrator assigns a key for encrypting
data owned by a particular tenant.  If the tenant is also an independent user's
account, this is effectively user encryption with a common user key.  The name
of the key is not retained with the data.  Changing tenant encryption keys
would be very painful; you'd have to decrypt and re-encrypt all the tenant
data.

UserEncryption - The data is encrypted by the user with a key potentially of
their own choosing, with the name of the key used to encrypt the data
retained with the data.  The user's public key is stored with their
user configuration information.  Some deployments might mandate that the
private key and password be provided to the tenant administrator.

PrivateEncryption - The data is encrypted by the user with an unknown
key, with potentially a different key used for each piece of data.  The user's
key name is retained, but the public key for the data is not.  As far as
the system is concerned, this is just an encrypted BLOB and it knows nothing
about the contents.

Code Layer

SystemLayer - the data resides in the system process memory space.

GlobalLayer - The data is pre-loaded from the database on startup of every
system process involved.

HostLayer - the data is instantiated whenever a new host is identified.  Note
that client hardware attempting access is considered to be a host, because it
may well be a multi-user machine, so you can't make assumptions about who is
going to try to authenticate from a host.  The information is retained for
a duration configurable by the table.

SessionLayer - when a user successfully authenticates from a host, the login
is logged along with identifying client information, and the session layer
data is established and populated.  Session layer data is cached for the duration
specified by each table.  SessionLayer data only exists for authenticated
sessions.

SignedLayer - the data has to be signed for by the user of an authenticated session.
Signed data should never be accessible outside a session; and only the user
logged into the session or a superior in the corporate management tree should
be signing for data from an application client session.  Note that you should
also be able to sign for the invocation of server methods in all their variations.
Signed layer is only cached as long as the data instance specifies, with 0
meaning that the data should be cleared from cache as soon as the request has
been processed.

ThreadLayer - the data exists within each thread of the process.

This will be used to restructure the way my code works, by adding a new
SchemaTableProxyObj set of objects, which derive from a SchemaTableObj, but
contain a pointer to an instance of the table and dereference all method
invocations to that pointed-to instance of the table.

That will make it possible to layer the data storage within an Apache web
server, so that the global data gets loaded once on server startup, the system
process data gets loaded on each web server process startup, the thread process
data gets loaded on each web server thread startup, and the session data is
instantiated along with the user authenticating to the system.

Deployment Layer

ClientDeployment - The information only resides within client applications.

ServerDeployment - The information is deployed on a recognized server.  Each of
the App, Dept, and Corp servers are expected to reside in data centers, so
this is effectively deployed globally throughout the corporation to all servers,
including cloud servers.

AppServerDeployment - The information is deployed on application servers.

DeptServerDeployment - The information is deployed on departmental servers.

CorpServerDeployment - The information is deployed on corporate servers.

CloudServerDeployment - The information is deployed on cloud servers.

Security Level

Finally there is the security level itself, a simple integer 0..31, where
0 means "SystemAdmin" and 31 means "GeneralPublic", and everything in between
is an arbitrary value subject to interpretation by the cluster and corporation.

There should be a lookup table that translates the security level codes to
key strings, labels, and descriptions.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[98f14ffd9c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/98f14ffd9ccb380ea21afdce879e454a8db358d0)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 10:48:35 by Marko Grdinić

"10:45am. I had a lot trouble falling asleep, but somehow once I did it was deep, so I feel quite refreshed right now.

10:50am. I feel like my focus is going up. I've moved on from thinking about Spiral's type interfaces, to thinking about reactive programming. I've been thinking about Svelte and contrasting it with my 2016 experience making that GUI poker game.

10:55am. Up to now I've never really understood the usefulness of interfaces, but I think I finally see it now.

11am. Back then I had no idea what to cut, but I really should have put the state at the top and the controls at the bottom, but I could not really see it.

11:25am. Had to the chores early today. Let me resume.

Yeah, having the controls at the top and having the game directly mutate them is nothing more than spew. Even if I could not have written it directly in a language specialized for it, when programming you are either abstracting or you aren't, and I definitely wasn't at that time.

It is one of my more embarrassing programming experiences.

I've been looking for a way to get payback for a long time now.

11:35am. The reason why I am talking about this now is because there is not much difference between GUI programming and doing editor support. It is the same reactive programming challenge that I completely failed last time, and for it in particular I won't be able to use Svelte for this. I have to level up on my own here.

There has to be a reason why every plugin is such a mess, and no doubt it is the same reason why that GUI I did ended up being 1k LOC rather than 50-100.

11:40am. Still no reply to the Reason plugin issue. That thing is not going to go anywhere as expected.

I am 100% sure now - I need to focus on the VS Code project. I am going to finish studying it and then start coding.

I've done quite a bit of study, and I think it is time to start winding down on that. Just like I've been in overdrive regarding how to do the typeclasses and row polymorphism in Spiral, it is time to directing that energy towards editor support. My mental rehearsing is already moving in that direction.

11:45am. Let me have breakfast here. Blattodea and a lot of other stuff is out. I'll start for real later."

---
## [celyes/nodejs.org](https://github.com/celyes/nodejs.org)@[a3ea7996f8...](https://github.com/celyes/nodejs.org/commit/a3ea7996f86d0807b10db8b9deb2175cf395ee27)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 11:18:30 by Gary Bernhardt

Clarify release stages on "releases" page (#2233)

My team recently did our first major Node version upgrade and had a bad experience. The short version is: we tried to upgrade to Node 12 (which is in "Current" status as of today, not "Active"). We couldn't get one of our dependencies to build and ended the workday without successfully upgrading.

I'd seen the [releases](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/) page multiple times, including during that attempted upgrade. However, that page doesn't explain what the various stages actually mean, and which ones are recommended for production use. Specifically, I didn't understand "Current" vs. "Active", and incorrectly assumed that either would be acceptable for production use, because neither of them was called "unstable", "testing", "alpha", "beta", "prerelease", or other terms that I'm familiar with for a "don't use this in production app yet!" release.

This change adds a paragraph with a brief explanation of the different statuses. I also included a bit about LTS, because I imagine a lot of people seeing this page won't be familiar with that term.

I think that a short explanation on the releases page will save a lot of other teams from this kind of multi-hour upgrade frustration. I've never contributed to this repo, so I may have put this text in the wrong file, and my explanation of the Node release statuses may be wrong in ways I don't understand yet. But I wanted to suggest a concrete change that would've helped us to avoid wasting half of a day.

(My understanding is based on this @jasnell tweet: https://twitter.com/jasnell/status/1128696625986015232.)

---
## [cossacklabs/themis](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis)@[3ccfcd51fe...](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/commit/3ccfcd51fea4fe58f9746533d29f99fd18e98e83)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 12:22:28 by Alexei Lozovsky

Improve git ref hacks in ObjCThemis (#610)

It turns out that GitHub uses a temporary ref for building pull requests
that contains the pull request head merged with the base branch.
Unfortunately, CocoaPods cannot fetch that commit because it does not
fetch all git refs, only branches. This means that all pull requests
will fail as CocoaPods is not able to fetch them.

Instead of using GITHUB_REPOSITORY and GITHUB_SHA, use tweaked versions
of them when building pull requests. They will tell CocoaPods and
Carthage to fetch the branch submitted in pull request, not the result
of merge of that branch with the base branch.

It's kind of stupid but I have no other ideas on how to test builds that
depend on git refs in the repo itself. Blame CocoaPods, IDK vOv

Also, we should trigger this workflow when "Cartfile" is changed, not
"Carthage" (which is the build directory).

---
## [cossacklabs/acra](https://github.com/cossacklabs/acra)@[2223912004...](https://github.com/cossacklabs/acra/commit/2223912004648fbb67da6f91aed246ec2a0d6595)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 14:07:43 by ilammy

skeleton

add zone, save client id

quick and dirty extensibility in fork_connector

wip services

dummy test

facepalm

simplify zone

disable zones for now

launch server after connector

raw engine, prepare test_table

dont dispose too early

accept as kwargs

okay, try testing

ordering

no spaces

[debug]

[debug]

[recreate CI env]

[d] don't actually run tests from docker file, keep the env

[d] use entry

[d] compact

[d] seems volumes work after the image is built, not including the build time

[d] okay, copy everyshit

[d] make sure db is running before the tests are launched

ports

fff

tttt

truncate, not delete in tests

switch places, no

okay, fuck it, no deletion

[debug]

FOR FUCKING FUCK SAKE THIS WAS THE ISSUE, ROIGHT?

one more thing

avoid duplicate keys dir

swap args

swap it back, should be public

prepare env

fix silly error

read as binary

yea

syntax

no hex bullshit

tweaks;

fuck you and your encoding stuff

uuuu

remove debug crap

support zones

a couple more tests

Revert "[debug]"

This reverts commit a3b8501439f72fa810c9d92b0b71b12f4c449b4e.

---
## [PRlSMA/Misc](https://github.com/PRlSMA/Misc)@[5dc3a14bc0...](https://github.com/PRlSMA/Misc/commit/5dc3a14bc05cea31effe426558766155c001083f)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 15:54:43 by Kuudere

Umbra

File hiding, reimagined.

Do you use DDPC and have some "legally obtained goods" that you'd rather not have your mom/the government/whoever doxxed Pulandres see? Or some important business documents? Or loli hen- other things you'd rather hide? Then Umbra is your best friend. 

Simply open up Umbra.exe, choose a password, and drag all your private files into it, then run Umbra.exe again and watch as your files disappear.

Umbra is made with love by Prisma Lilith! I sign autographs in LexiconNo1ItalicA~

---
## [vasilisvg/literary-clock](https://github.com/vasilisvg/literary-clock)@[4ce115b34f...](https://github.com/vasilisvg/literary-clock/commit/4ce115b34f537a1d19c5fdbd83117482377ce942)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 16:23:37 by Vasilis van Gemert

De rook die dondert|Namwali Serpeli, How to Win Friends and Influence People|Dale Carnegie, Nouveau Fuck|Stella Bergsma

---
## [thwaitesproject/thwaites](https://github.com/thwaitesproject/thwaites)@[d8e6387c1e...](https://github.com/thwaitesproject/thwaites/commit/d8e6387c1e339fe02e975a592433c46f48cc09a2)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 18:10:23 by Will Scott

0.1PSU forcing with no density coupling or TD still blows up

Ran the structured ice shelf simulation again with no thermodynamics
 and no coupling with density, with the initial mom_source set to
the initial temperature and salinity fields. This meant the difference
in density between the inside and the outside of the domain was only
 due to 0.1 PSU difference.

The velocity  was slower by about a factor of 10 at the rhs compared with the
simulation where the mom_source was set to zero. This effectively set the initial
density using the ref T = 0deg C and ref S = 35 PSU which was a large density
difference cf with the open ocean restoring values of Tres 1.0deg C and
Sres 34.5PSU. The flow was back to clockwise as expected.

horizontal grid Re = U dx / nu = 5e-2 * 5e1 / 1e-2 = 250
vertical grid re = W dz / nu = 2e-2 * 5e-1 / 1e-2 = 1

horizontal cfl = U dt / dx = 5e-2 * 6e1 / 5e1 = 0.06
vertical cfl = W dt / dz = 2e-2 * 6e1 / 5e-1 = 2.4

So main problem is that horizontal grid Re is still about 100x too large.
and possibly vertical cfl is too large.

Possible fixes:
- reduce delPSU which should reduce velocities.
- increase horizontal resolution
- decrease time step (for vertical cfl)
- add strong bc for zero tangential velocity on rhs wall. This was introduced
maybe for the exact same reasons as I see here. ( I can't remember so
another reason to make better notes...)
- increase horizontal (and maybe also vertical) viscosity/diffusivity
- reduce the number of layers so that anisotropy decreases (also reduce
vertical cfl)

The dilemna is that I don't want to increase the visosity because
I am trying to match the MITgcm setup. As far as I can tell I have
run the same setup (including the closed domain) as MITgcm.

One difference is that our domain has twice as much resolution in the
vertical ( though when it gets down to the difference between triangles and squares maybe
it is ok...).

probably won't make a difference but maybe MITgcm will have problems when running
the current setup with the gamm ufric dependence turned off... I turned it back on in
firedrake and it still blowed up but don't think that guarantees MITgcm at this
resolution should just work! Nb the constant coefficients generated a lot more melting
than the ufric dependence which could lead to faster velocities initially.

Evidently though the firedrake simulation doesn't work for these
viscosities. Before increasing the viscosity it would be worth getting
a 'slow' restoring based simulation to work. This will determine if the
density coupling is problematic at low viscosities/diffusivities.

The main problem with this though is that I think you should expect
velocities that are about 5e-2 m/s based on Ben's FRISP results and
Ben's K-eps results. This means the grid reynolds number at dx =50 and nu = 1e-2
will always be about 250! running at finer dx resolution seems out of the
question so will the viscosities have to be larger? Are there other advection
diffusion tricks we can do? Or is this symptomatic of there being an error...

Having said this the initial velocity values from the failing runs yesterday
were much smaller. After 10 -60 timesteps the velocities were still only
1e-7m/s which is much smaller than the values ( 1e-2m/s ) Possibly this suggests
that the solution can't be blowing up initially because of high grid Re.  Also
technically the solution has not actually diverged but I have only run it for
600s - 3600s and the residual rises each time step so eventually I imagine it
will crash.

And another thing remember is that before on the layered mesh even at high
Ks there were still stripes in the vertical velocity component. They have not gone
away by increasing the grid resolution...

To do
- add strong bc back in. probably won't make too much difference but in
the ocean setting I think it is more realistic to have it than not.
- reduce del PSU to 0.01. Hopefully this will generate slower flow keeping
the grid reynolds number in check (below 5ish. ) Based on what happens here
determine if the density coupling is problematic at low K. i.e if density still has
stripes perhaps due to dodgy bc but velocity field doesnt have stripes then
the problem will be nailed!
- then ( though i may have to move on if i can't make velocities low enough using
del PSU) increase viscosity / diffusivity to get a working run with 0.1PSU.
The point of this is to have a 'working' (if inaccurate) z model as a benchmark
to compare with MITgcm . Actually Matt suggested to not mess about trying to get
firedrake to work when we don;t really know what the problem is. So probably move
straight over to MITgcm.
- then move over to MITgcm to start breaking it.

Breaking MITgcm thoughts
- run MITgcm with K=0.01 and constant gamma to make sure that it is actually stable!
- the next step has to be decreasing horizontal and vertical grid resolution till it
breaks. Particular pay attention to anisotropy.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[bbbf83e738...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/bbbf83e738c7fc8fe59ec3d95c250e853f2695ff)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 18:29:02 by Marko Grdinić

"1:25pm. Today's chapter of Hinamatsuri is hilarious. 10/10. The pages are taking forever to load though due to the circumstances.

1:45pm. Enough slacking. Let me finally do some study.

1:50pm.

```
open System

let x =
    {new IObservable<_> with
        member _.Subscribe x =
            {new IDisposable with
                member _.Dispose() = ()
                }
        }
```

I saw this exact thing being implemented in the VS Code project.

The truth is, even though I know well enough what this is, the way to use this effectively is a mystery to me. I might have studied reactive programming, but the only thing I got from it is that async/await is great. Things like these observables and the actor message passing I've never really internalized as a technique. I know what they are, but not in which contexts they should be used.

Why would one ever use observables rather than async/await? Once I can firmly visualize the answer to this question will I be able to move forward.

2pm. Right now, I am thinking about interfaces. I think after all that they are something that a real language would have. In the typed segment being able to box them would be also be useful. It would not be hard to implement either.

2:05pm.

```
open System

let x =
    {new IObservable<_> with
        member _.Subscribe x =
            {new IDisposable with
                member _.Dispose() = ()
                }
        }
```

Let me once again just highlight this. Interfaces are like functions except with multiple ways to call them. I knew this, but I've really been dumb - I never valued them properly. The ability to define its members on the value level really sets them far apart from the classes and makes them much more useful and flexible.

2:05pm. Let me do some renaming, what I've been calling `type interface` should be something else? How about prototype? And interfaces should be the same thing they are in F#.

Let me make them nominal prototypes.

```
prototype eq x : x -> x -> bool
prototype bind m a : forall b. m a -> (a -> m b) -> b
prototype on_succ m a : a -> m a
```

For nominal types...

```
nominal List a = ...
nominal Array a = ...
nominal State a = ...
nominal StateT m a = ...
```

2:15pm. This feels pretty good.

There will be an with clause as well.

```
prototype eq x : x -> x -> bool
with
    List x = fun (a : List x) (b : List x) -> a = b
    Array x = fun (a : Array x) (b : Array x) -> a = b
```

Alternatively I could do it like this as well...

```
nominal List a = ...
    with eq = fun (a : List x) (b : List x) -> a = b
nominal Array a = ...
    with eq = fun (a : Array x) (b : Array x) -> a = b
```

And so on. This sort of syntax will ensure that I cannot create the prototypes outside their intended scope.

One more thing...

I thought I would have bottom-up functions serve as constraints, but I am going to go against that.

Regular mapping constraints and inbuilt ones will serve just fine. And this will allow me to reduce them partially in the constraint solver rather than have to wait until they are fully elaborated. It will also allow me to not have to do partial evaluation during typechecking. This will also allow me to use an array for nominal types and prototypes instead of dictionaries which should speed things up.

```
let y = Array.BinarySearch([|1;2;3|],3)
```

Oh great, this function finally found its way into the standard library. It returns -1 when it does not find an element which is fine.

2:30pm. I am getting fired up about this. It is really great that I finally understand the utility of interfaces.

2:35pm. Now...before the VS Code project, I want to immerse myself into reactive programming. That is what I want to research right now. This is something I will be doing for the next few months. Editor support won't be dealt with just like that. It will require some effort.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12083747/how-does-reactive-framework-differ-from-f-events

http://tomasp.net/blog/reactive-i-fsevents.aspx/

Old article, but it should do nicely.

https://reactiveui.net/

I am looking up reactive packages on Nuget at the moment.

3pm. http://docs.idris-lang.org/en/latest/tutorial/interfaces.html

Ahhh, I knew interfaces had to come from somewhere in my mind. I probably saw them in Idris and subsequently completely forgot.

```
interface Functor (f : Type -> Type) where
    map : (m : a -> b) -> f a -> f b
```

Ah, no. They are not the same after all...

No actually...

They might be the same. Idris just does more under the hood.

After all, you can infer what `f` is here based on the rest of the arguments. And it would have the thing you need to actually call the function.

Still, without the notation I have in mind, it would not be obvious that in...

```
prototype map f a : forall a b. (a -> b) -> f a -> f b
```

...the other arguments are related to the first.

3:20pm. Taking a little break.

https://reactiveui.net/docs/getting-started/

I think I'll study this for a bit. I'll do the VS Code project when I've immersed myself into RP for long enough. I'll let this happen at its own pace. What I need to learn now is new techniques.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_qmik32Kos
ReactiveUI - A new way of thinking by Kent Boogaart

3:45pm. https://youtu.be/A_qmik32Kos?t=957

So far he is talking my language. Since he specifically mentions Rx, I think I will check out his book after I go through the video.

3:55pm. https://youtu.be/A_qmik32Kos?t=1673

This is pretty simple, but I've never managed to go from this to anything useful. Back when I'd made the poker GUI, I'd known about this, but not how to connect with it.

Svelte is great, but I need something that is more immediately useful even in a normal language. I won't be able to take advantage of Svelte for doing editor support. If simpler techniques would get me most of the way there, I'd be perfectly happy with it. Some people like parser generators, but I like combinators for their power and flexibility.

4pm. https://youtu.be/A_qmik32Kos?t=1843

This ability to throttle would be super useful for things like autocomplete.

4:15pm. Agh, his book is not on Libgen, and I can't find it elsewhere. Oh well.

https://youtu.be/A_qmik32Kos?t=2090

Yeah, the fact that .NET UI controls have no understanding of Observables was one of the obstacles.

4:25pm. https://youtu.be/A_qmik32Kos?t=2296

Yeah, this could be really useful. I should master this.

4:35pm. https://youtu.be/A_qmik32Kos?t=2616

Focus me, focus. Forget the ML sub.

This stuff on using the observables to delete files is something new.

4:45pm. https://www.blurb.com/b/8680442-you-i-and-reactiveui-color-hardcover?

I am actually considering buying this and its seems the price is 68.51$. I am not made of gold here. If it was something like 5$ I'd chip in, but for a book this is just ridiculous. At least there is sample code online.

https://github.com/kentcb/YouIandReactiveUI

He specifically mentions that it is not available in digital. So that is the reason why I can't find it.

5pm. https://github.com/dotnet/reactive
"LINQ2Charts: an example for Rx bindings. Similar to existing APIs like LINQ to XML, it allows developers to use LINQ to create/change/update charts in an easy way and avoid having to deal with XML or other underneath data structures. We would love to see more Rx bindings like this one."

You can use this for charts? Yeah, charts were something I could never deal with properly.

http://introtorx.com/

This book seems like I might be interested in it.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjRI7sBjZh4
Using Reactive Extensions with Xamarin - Paul Betts - Xamarin University Guest Lecture

Let me watch this.

5:15pm. When it comes to reactive programming, the big burst of energy seems to have happened years ago, and the libraries should be decently mature now. I am fine with this. Programs come and go, but techniques are eternal. For example, parser combinators are an old thing now, but they are just as useful as ever.

I think my biggest failure was not really knowing how to adapt the WPF controls so as to take advantage of reactive programming. This problem is something that I am going to run into in different contexts such as now when I am doing editor support.

5:35pm. https://youtu.be/HjRI7sBjZh4?t=960
"What about async/await. I've heard it is super cool. Shouldn't I use that instead of this observable thing?"

Oh, he specifically mentions that.

5:50pm. Done with that talk. What comes next? Since I am going to end the day soon, let me take a look at the intro to ReactiveUI.

The thing does not have much fanfare, but it might be thing I really need to put all threads in proper order. Just because something is newer or more popular does not mean it is better. The web adventure really made me open my mind towards non-desktop solutions.

I'll leave the IntroToRx book for for tomorrow.

https://reactiveui.net/docs/getting-started/

Let me go through the start program so I can get a sense for this.

6:35pm. Done with lunch.

6:55pm. I am going to look at the source code for this tomorrow. Just pasting this stuff is giving me type errors I have no idea how to deal with.

7pm. All in all, this is not too bad. Ultimately, studying the VS Code project is secondary. It does not matter if I understand the stuff on the VS Code side if in the end all I will do is produce a ugly convoluted mess like the rest of the plugins. If I am going to play being a janitor, I am going to be the best the world has ever seen at it.

7:20pm. I actually decided to pester the author a bit by asking him about the digital edition.

Let me close here. I am done for today.

I really hope that by the time all this is done, that not only will I have editor support, but will have attained it as a part of deepening my understanding of programming to a higher level. The thing that really separates real programmers from code monkeys is that they attain new abilities as they go through the process of their own evolution. Rather than the whims of fate, they are the ones who determine their course."

---
## [eXotech-code/inter-net](https://github.com/eXotech-code/inter-net)@[4d923fd5da...](https://github.com/eXotech-code/inter-net/commit/4d923fd5daeeb192d64c67171b8f316346cbf8c2)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 19:48:23 by Jacob

#1 Added a sample config of client-server.

But the fucking scope does not include message that I want to send. Fuck you JavaScript.

---
## [jdowning/heroku-data-api-plugin](https://github.com/jdowning/heroku-data-api-plugin)@[8112b27d39...](https://github.com/jdowning/heroku-data-api-plugin/commit/8112b27d39349cbea4d512ae762f449a2add0c00)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 20:41:04 by Maciek Sakrejda

Specify files to pack to avoid oclif warning

This attribute is now required in plugins otherwise a warning is
displayed (though notably, the plugins still work fine with the
warning).

See Jeff's blog post for the reason why this is now required:
https://medium.com/@jdxcode/for-the-love-of-god-dont-use-npmignore-f93c08909d8d

For other plugins, if you run

  npm pack; tar -xvzf *.tgz; rm -rf package *.tgz

that will print the files it's currently packing.

---
## [fish2000/CLU](https://github.com/fish2000/CLU)@[7828e4b1f8...](https://github.com/fish2000/CLU/commit/7828e4b1f88c1731cb15ae265d4e03c1a986b512)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 21:53:49 by Alexander Böhn

Hoisted all of the “types” namespace init-code out of module level
... to wit: that involved taking a bunch of imperative directives
    out of the “clu.typespace” modules’ ‘__init__.py’ file and then
    sticking them back in there wrapped in a function that gets
    called once, at module level, to assign its return value to the
    “types” namespace.
... this lets the imports, some of which are quite fragile with
    circularity concerns, get thrown into the function’s execution
    block, and thus isolated
... nevertheless there were a lot of tweaks that had to be made
    following this change, as a lot of my code did the sloppy and
    expedient thing of importing a thing or two, here and there,
    from “clu.typespace” instead of wherever the fuck the thing
    came from in the first place… that is one thing about CLU and
    all of its module exporters – how you can’t have a some thing
    “Thing” and export it from two places, e.g. “clu.things.Thing”
    *or* “clu.dst.thingamabobs.abc.Thing” is okay but not *both*.
... see yeah if you *were* to export “Thing” from both places,
    calls like `moduleof(Thing)` and its ilk would end up being
    nondeterministic.
... okay so like a photon passing a black hole, this commit note
    has veered off on quite a serious fucking tangent. But I do
    see now that my module look-up stuff (as seen when one executes
    `python -m clu`) should find any such duplicates – even when
    implicit, like if “clu.things.Thing” is only exported the once
    but is imported from elsewhere in some other spot – and flag
    the fuck out of them in the reddest of ANSI red text
... so are we cowabunga on this? yes, we’re cowabunga.

---
## [freedee15/ArgHandler](https://github.com/freedee15/ArgHandler)@[9388f56633...](https://github.com/freedee15/ArgHandler/commit/9388f56633552b5f2a312667a685cf0c46774ddf)
#### Tuesday 2020-03-24 22:36:01 by freedee15

Create LICENSE

This project is now covered by the WTFPL (do What The Fuck you want to Public License)

---

# [<](2020-03-23.md) 2020-03-24 [>](2020-03-25.md)

