# [<](2020-05-13.md) 2020-05-14 [>](2020-05-15.md)

2,653,601 events, 1,333,530 push events, 2,175,380 commit messages, 151,532,692 characters


## [Revolutionary-Games/Thrive](https://github.com/Revolutionary-Games/Thrive)@[9acba67ed5...](https://github.com/Revolutionary-Games/Thrive/commit/9acba67ed552f7df4573ca13b225e133c12b17c9)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 00:42:05 by crodnu

Adding constants instead of magic numbers

This looks fucking disgusting and casts shame upon myself and my kin.

---
## [9Kbits/ateff](https://github.com/9Kbits/ateff)@[e446048810...](https://github.com/9Kbits/ateff/commit/e4460488103b285c9212c846ddbf5d55a1f193bc)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 00:52:56 by 9Kbits

Minor changes

*Changed name of traditional Mayan faith again
*Changed religion icon for traditional mayan faith (thanks Paint Thinner)
*Added siosal's Japanese name changes
*Changed Pelagic holy sites and the crest of the ruler of Nantucket

---
## [CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[b23d1754a3...](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/b23d1754a39a3370ba5060554efb574aa60d02ba)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 01:34:39 by Sandwich Horror

Jungle Shpiders & Fixes

- I hope you like SHPIDERS
- wild animals don't look for food/water and constantly have those dumb buckets above their heads (You are wild, you know how to eat and drink or you wouldn't have lived this long...)
- reduced time between salt licc
- why Tha Fuck did sea serpents still have so little health for their damage, big ass boy swimming around with 110 health lmao
- coral is more common than glowshrooms tbqh

---
## [FallingStar-Games/lunatic_whatever](https://github.com/FallingStar-Games/lunatic_whatever)@[77db38a367...](https://github.com/FallingStar-Games/lunatic_whatever/commit/77db38a367b7cab6bfe3594a36514404e7adcc7d)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 02:10:30 by NyxAsteria

So Many Changes!

-Corrected the "Definitive" in the version count
-Revamped the Recovery formula to be more subtly based on Resolve and Resilience
-Fixed the accuracy formula for skills so now they're the same as regular attacks (also buffed the global accuracy across the board to a baseline of 70%, which can increase or decrease based on the target's Clarity for evasion or the user's Clarity x2 for accuracy
-You now have a much different growth rate, designed more to fit with each moment of the game and also give a sense of progression, even as a bad stat like Power subtly increases as well
-You no longer know Examination by default, we'll have to put in a place where you learn it in the game, probably Day 4
-Reworked the soundscape so that BGM doesn't play in the home or by the sea, and redid the progress2 variable to do so (check out the "overworld music" common event to work with it more)
-Nerfed both the Defect and Hand's HP so that the Defect would be easier to beat and the Hand wouldn't take 30 minutes
-The enemy skills actually inflict their appropriate status conditions now, which should make them harder to fight, but should also be indicated by status animations like Resolve has
-Added some additional dialogue to the Home map, particularly when examining the box. We should probably allude to memories of a middle school friend there to lead up to the Finn encounter
-The Resolute state has been nerfed to only increase Resolve, and Clarity no longer Weakens enemies.
-The Defect has different dialogue upon first encounter, and when using their move for the first time.
-Beast and Renovare have higher Clarity, and Fiora has lower Clarity. She still has the highest, but now everyone kinda sucks. Should probably change that.

---
## [JeffLiusGitHub/D29IE](https://github.com/JeffLiusGitHub/D29IE)@[897ffad7d5...](https://github.com/JeffLiusGitHub/D29IE/commit/897ffad7d54c263d832f3d99818f1ec9c6d90b1f)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 03:05:33 by jeffliu

. Title: SAY NO TO INJURIES 2. Highlight options in drop-down list and arrows must be removed 3. Order of tabs: o Home, Education, Crash Analysis, Common Injuries, Trivia, Navigation Map o Under Education Tab,  we have 2 options: i. Road Signs View ii. Knowledge section o Under Crash Analysis Tab, we have 2 options: i. Crashes: When & Where ii. Crash Map

4. There should be 5 buttons at the bottom: o Education, Crash Analysis, Common Injuries, Trivia, Navigation Map

5. In Trivia section, we can put a background themes for quiz tab and the main page 6. In the Navigation Map, I am trying to show the cycling lanes in Melbourne 7. Written Content for Crash Map: o This Crash map shows the statistics related to bicycle crashes in Victoria . Hover on any region to know more. 8. Remove all the Written Content from Crash Analysis and resize dashboard accordingly. 9. We can have a background theme for each tab rather than a plain background (open to sugesstions).

10.  In the Common injuries: o Add a title in the center: “Causes of Common Cycling Injuries” o Content: “Hover your mouse on pain-points shown in the images to know more.” o Text formatting, i.e there should be no text in line of bullet .

11.  Content for Road Sign Page: o “This page provides a virtual experience of spotting road signs on real life streets. Check out the road signs in Victoria.”

---
## [michaelmonson/TextAdventuresMichael](https://github.com/michaelmonson/TextAdventuresMichael)@[14f86cb08e...](https://github.com/michaelmonson/TextAdventuresMichael/commit/14f86cb08e2477b14def901cb361618cf7680626)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 04:44:28 by Michael O. Monson

Added a new Inventory class for tracking what a player carries.
   - A whole slew of changes with this commit!  It's getting more and more intelligent all of the time, though it is taking a while because all of the infrastructure needs to be built up first.
   - I'm chopping at the bit because there is so much language functionality I want to build into the paser, to make the games understanding of language rich and flexible, as to make this a rewarding (not frustrating) experience for the player!  But I need to hold off on that until the basic founcations are in place.
   - But I dream at night about what I would like to see the game do, and I think through logic and enjoy epiphanies as I shower in the morning. :-)
   - Here are the features and changes with this commit:
   1.)  Added the new "Inventory.cs" class

   2.)  Updated the necessary GameItem constructors and property lists to support the new property.

   3.)  Added a new object state (CLOSED)

   4.)  Added the base "name" to the object properties that exist for easier searching... though now that I have learned about "CONTAINS" it seems reduntant to have an extra object propety when the "base" part of the name can simply be searched within the ItemId constant.  In fact, it may even be more flexible, since "WATERBOTTLE" can handle a player search of both "water," "bottle," or "water bottle" (with some tweaking)  - Thanks to Contains()

   5.) Adding a new "NameDetailed" property to the GameItem objects, so that I can supply a more descriptive name for the item that was found (e.g. "brass door key" instead of key, and "juicy mango" instead .
of mango) and for displaying in the inventory and other lists and contexts.

   6.) LANGUAGE PARSER - tons of changes!

Added the concept of a "LastCommand" for handling context of the previous player command.  In this case, the game oracle may be asking for clarification "get what?' or "talk to whom?" or "get which bottle, the blue bottle or the green one?"

Expanded the list of Verbs significantly.  Also added an enumeration of Prepositions, Articles & Determiners, and basic Possessives.  I'm re-learning some rules of English all over! :-)

Added a REGEX for filtering out pronunciation marks, such as explanation marks and question marks.

Language Logic added to more accurately identify the noun.  Still need work for handling adjectives.  I tell you, it is like internally diagraming sentances!

Added additional commands:  LOOK, WHO [are ____ ], directional improvements, GET (e.g. TaKE PICK UP, ACQUIRE), and more.

Made certain properties in the MisersHouseMain into static values for access throughout the game.  Globals... yeah!

---
## [wangyal603/Python-codes](https://github.com/wangyal603/Python-codes)@[82553a3f39...](https://github.com/wangyal603/Python-codes/commit/82553a3f39800ee51db6c8511c54e7be904a23f7)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 05:16:52 by Wangyal Tshering

Stopwatch.py

Hello, there!
I hope you gotta doing good...
I don't know what bought you here but thank you for stopping by. Since it's my first code, it might be shitty and messy for you guys. So, please let me know how should I improve my content and don't be hesitant to share your thoughts which can be well, anything at all.

---
## [PaulCho02/BudgetLegends](https://github.com/PaulCho02/BudgetLegends)@[f17fbe231a...](https://github.com/PaulCho02/BudgetLegends/commit/f17fbe231aca8b36cde5038288242f23227827fd)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 05:27:12 by jayzgao

another one

uhhh idk about the name, its a female sprite so like maybe fuckin like elsa or some shit

---
## [WorldBrain/Memex](https://github.com/WorldBrain/Memex)@[a5b8fcb22e...](https://github.com/WorldBrain/Memex/commit/a5b8fcb22efd4ee09d87d765c1216296f9c65fab)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 07:16:19 by Jonathan Poltak Samosir

Implement pagination in sidebar searches

This took me almost a full day and the result is some really horrible untested code and a whole lot of stress :( It seems to work with the small set of sample data I was trying with, but no doubt will be littered with bugs.

I feel the majority of this pain is from the search endpoints we have, particularly with annotations search. Every different type of search can return different shaped results which need to be handled in different ways.
Searches also behave in different ways. eg: searching for annotations for a given page does not paginating on the `skip` param and instead expects `endDate` for various reasons, but only when there's no search terms. On search without terms it does.

There's probably very good reasons that things got this bad, which made sense at the times of implementation - particularly when just focused on that one small part of the code. Though I feel (when there's time to refactor search) we need to step back and look at all the different searches we have from a distance and unify them to behave and be interfaced with consistently.

NOTE: This is not the first time we (I) have had to deal with this pain with interacting with the searches. Though this is the first time I felt compelled enough to vent about it.
I'm also very aware that I was the one who designed and implemented most (all?) of the searches. Though I feel I did not really understand what I was doing, for example with the consequences of certain design choices, and there was never a chance for a second opinion or discussion about any of it.
I really feel like such an important and complicated part of the codebase like search needs attention and input from someone more experienced.

---
## [pschlump/sprig](https://github.com/pschlump/sprig)@[08fe136717...](https://github.com/pschlump/sprig/commit/08fe136717db5c06a7dd9ee140f9de7070774c78)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 13:32:22 by Lauri Apple

README edits/fixes/suggestions

Hi there, @Feedmereadmes finally getting around to this. Edits in file, suggestions here:

**Files to add**
- Add a CONTRIBUTING.md so people can follow your style and process preferences. You could also use that file to say which functions you want (those fitting your principles) and don't want (those that don't).
- Add a Code of Conduct so people know you'll welcome them and they'll feel safer helping you. (More context: http://opensourcesurvey.org/2017/)
- consider adding some of the Go-related badges: godoc, Go Report, etc.

**Your README: content suggestions**
For the intro paragraph, consider which of these questions would make your project more understandable/really enrich and clarify the answer, "what does it do?"
— Describe very briefly but clearly what the project does.
 — State if it is out-of-the-box user-friendly, so it’s clear to the user.
 —  List its most useful/innovative/noteworthy features/functions. 
  —  Give details about its goals/what problem(s) it solves.
  —  Note and briefly describe any key concepts (technical, philosophical, or both) essential to the user’s understanding. For example, what exactly about Twig and Underscore.js did you aim to convey in Sprig, that the user, Go dev or template developer would care about? You could simplify this by picking the target user/developer group most likely to care about this detail, and sharing a one-sentence insight into how Sprig is like/based on those projects. Highlight some detail that will point to/get the reader to think, "we are making your life easier here."
   —  Link to any supplementary blog posts or project main pages.
   —  Note its development status.
   — What are the technical requirements -- any version of Go, or after some version? Other stuff?

**Smaller-scale, suggested README enhancements**
- Sprig is a library that provides a group of commonly used template functions ... ADD=> so that you can X better/more comprehensively/faster/etc].
- Why does it provide the functions that it does, but not other functions? You have the set of principles, but now bring that into real-life development situations. If you have personal examples of how this library helped you at work/in a project/etc., that would be a great way to show others that this library will help them solve things.
- What are the general categories of these functions? Do you plan on adding more functions, and which ones? Why not note that you're planning more functions and link to your Issues Tracker (which notes some plans)? In the next line/sentence you can also invite folks to contribute to building these planned functions.
- Your README says in line 17 ">100 functions" but the the docs say 70 functions. Which one's true? I inserted "more than 100" in Line 7; you can change that if it's wrong.
- I would replace "Call the functions inside of templates" (current section header) with a more general topic-title
- Copy-paste the license at the bottom of the README, for extra visibility.

You might find this template worth a look: https://github.com/zalando/zalando-howto-open-source/blob/master/producttemplate.md. It will help you think more broadly and long-term about your project.  :)

---
## [maceghost/SayurStall](https://github.com/maceghost/SayurStall)@[c5d95e9c5b...](https://github.com/maceghost/SayurStall/commit/c5d95e9c5b5ac3879af63a28f24f7f9b037fc9cd)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 17:36:03 by maceghost

Hooked up footer to WhatsApp and Facebook

Might want to add some kind of WhatsApp widget

Or also a little chat prompt that says online or not

Integrated a Facebook messenger chat widget
Some bug with their config doesn’t allow for the “no-style” option even if you click it

Fixed various stylings including the add to cart text overflow button and the footer. Also changed the site logo at the top, and the starting banner image to fit Facebook.

Rebuilt info page with card type layout. So it’s apparently impossible more or less to make a simple card that’s the width of the biggest text inside of it… what I’m I doing with my life? Forced to use display:inline-block? And what the hell does that do? How are things this complicated? How has web-design been around for 30+ years and there’s still no simple way to have a div fit the text inside it? How does it still take hours to make one simple added piece of text to a website? I really should just be using Shopify at this point or software as a service. This stuff is a waste of everyone’s time.

Also spent what seems like hours trying to simply have text have a highlighted color. Turns out, you still need to use background color, and since the div isn’t ever able to be just the size of the text and no more, it’s a joke. A complete joke. Use display inline block again inside a parent div

Added a little status off-line online block to the home page

Removed remove from cart button, unnneeded

Todo:
Default Facebook business page to open messenger
Integrate Facebook likes for products and stuff
Messenger chatbot
Add a leave a message button or chat now based on online or offline on status block on home page, but man, does that block look like shit? Sucks when little functions you try and add just don’t fit with the look and feel of the rest of the site

---
## [SugoiCode/My-First-Website](https://github.com/SugoiCode/My-First-Website)@[74efe2f035...](https://github.com/SugoiCode/My-First-Website/commit/74efe2f0351cd8d87ef0a7521fbeebe61af0d7a1)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 18:26:27 by SugoiCode

Add files via upload

The website was never finished due life changing decisions I made. I hope all you following me will appreciate and keep growing with me even if no one is watching. I plan to continue down this path and get better at HTML and CSS as well as learn JavaScript. 

I had tried making websites before and they never amounted to anything. I gave up, after just adding a few heading, paragraph elements. Someone special to me, pushed me, motivated me and taught me the power of working with a purpose in mind and never giving up. I will forever cherish these lessons and I will keep growing because the only thing limiting me is myself, my thoughts and my imagination. 

Thank you special person.

---
## [DEFENDORe/pseudotv](https://github.com/DEFENDORe/pseudotv)@[ebff2388ed...](https://github.com/DEFENDORe/pseudotv/commit/ebff2388ed502b247f47de96124ae5b90b49fe7c)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 20:10:15 by Dan Ferguson

Front end bug fixes. Fuck you angularJS scope... Added randomize option to block sort.. Made xmltv errors more verbose.

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[c6369933f1...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/c6369933f1d9cd204b09be95ef7d4ed1351610e2)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 20:23:11 by wm4

command: add property to return text subtitles in ASS

See manpage additions. This was requested, sort of. Although what has
been requested might be something completely different. So this is
speculative.

This also changes sub_get_text() to return an allocated copy, because
the buffer shit was too damn messy.

---
## [toonton/DemoFormProject4](https://github.com/toonton/DemoFormProject4)@[d9b4caa2e4...](https://github.com/toonton/DemoFormProject4/commit/d9b4caa2e48317bb67385c775f7e847290820ab1)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 20:26:10 by matan monblat

almost finished query is fucking good holy shit im so happy rn

---
## [capnslipp/MDLVoxelAsset](https://github.com/capnslipp/MDLVoxelAsset)@[e3a7a27841...](https://github.com/capnslipp/MDLVoxelAsset/commit/e3a7a27841814f3855b0a1c184724a500a534a10)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 20:40:57 by Slipp Douglas Thompson

Fix for Clang no longer supporting assign to a non-const struct with const members

In a recent version of Clang, it was fixed (according to the C99 spec) to no longer support assigning to our non-const `MagicaVoxelVoxData_XYZDimensions _mvvoxDimensions` member var with const members (more details at https://reviews.llvm.org/D37254).  However, that's a big pain in Obj-C, since we don't have the ability to initialize the `_mvvoxDimensions` member var ourself — Obj-C auto-inits it to `0`s for us — and now it won't let us wholesale replace the value in our `init…` method.

* Fix is a cheap hack— in our `- initWithURL:options:`, we initialize a local `MDLVoxelAsset_VoxelDimensions` (on the stack), then `memcpy(…)` it to the `_mvvoxDimensions` ivar.  
	▸ Many would consider this bad form, or prone to errors or yada yada yada, but it's our _flipping_ init method, only affecting our _flipping_ ivar, before any outside code can touch it, so I think it's fairly safe.  
	▸ I also tried doing this with C-casting-hacks, and while that would work too it's a horrible mess of syntax.  I'm okay with settling for a `memcpy(…)` with a lengthy comment after it.

---
## [Cpcrook/vscode-docs](https://github.com/Cpcrook/vscode-docs)@[a4c0150ddf...](https://github.com/Cpcrook/vscode-docs/commit/a4c0150ddfc97f7ee7ae99fbf3aea635aadd4618)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 21:03:14 by Chris Crook

Clarify how "current workspace" is set

After spending part of a day troubleshooting why one of my devs was having the actual folder containing `.devcontainer` mounted, while everyone else was having the repository root folder mounted within their dev containers, we discovered that is because the "current workspace" changes to the repository root only if git is present on the user's `PATH` environment variable.  This is apparently the default value for the `workspaceMount` setting.  To be clear, however, the `${localWorkspaceFolder}` variable value does not change.

My dev (on a Windows host) was using git embedded in his terminal of choice, meaning vscode was unaware of the presence of a git.exe or the surrounding repo.

I think this is appropriate behavior (and we rely on it), but it needs to be documented properly so folks aren't going on a wild goose chase.

Let me know if you have any questions or how I can better explain this.

---
## [CESNET/netconf-cli](https://github.com/CESNET/netconf-cli)@[4618fa4850...](https://github.com/CESNET/netconf-cli/commit/4618fa48500fe3c88b294fa8a5786de44f7f241e)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 23:04:21 by Václav Kubernát

Rework path parsing

Right now, there are two types of path parsing I want to do: either I
want parse a data path (which could possibly be one ending with a list
with no keys; this patch doesn't handle that), or, I want to parse any
path. All of the commands that can take a schema path can also take any
other type of path because a data path is just a "subset" of a schema
path. So, I changed the schema path parser to an "any path" parser.
This any path parser can then work more efficiently than a "dataPath |
schemaPath" parser: it will try to parse a data path and on the first
non-data node it will switch and continue parsing schema nodes. This has
the advantage that I don't have to do workarounds for completion. Before
this, if the parser tried to backtrack to the schema path it would
always have to clear ParserContext path and completions and do
everything again, and that would mean trouble, because I didn't really
have much control about where exactly the completions get created.
Example: the data path parser would create the completions I wanted, but
then fail. The parser would then backtrack to schema path, but it
wouldn't parse as much of the input as the other one and that would
create different completions.

There is a small caveat: I do have create my own local variables for
dataPath and schemaPath. Before this I never did have to create a
`dataPath_` or a `schemaPath_` instance. However, I think that the
control that I get over how nodes are parsed (and over the resulting
attribute of the parser) outweighs that.

Also, there was another attempt on this, which just used Spirit
backtracking. As was said before, more control over this backtracking is
better. Also, not having Spirit backtracking will hopefully allow me to
transition to new Boost version more easily.

Change-Id: I3c8a1ac2ddad83a3da6c654557b36634596a5e8d

---
## [aaronchantrill/Naomi](https://github.com/aaronchantrill/Naomi)@[d1779e1453...](https://github.com/aaronchantrill/Naomi/commit/d1779e14539e365151066fedb381d95e110334c0)
#### Thursday 2020-05-14 23:31:30 by Aaron Chantrill

Don't respond to emails by default

The respond to emails feature seems a little dangerous because it
currently only requires the user to set up email. Then any email
recieved with the wake word will cause Naomi to respond as if the
email is a command, sending back Naomi's response. For the most
part this is fine with the current News, weather, etc. but could
be used to either knowingly or accidentally get information that
the user might not want put out there.

For instance, if Naomi is connected to your google calendar, and
you get an email from your boss saying "Interesting to hear about
Naomi yesterday. Do you have tomorrow's meeting on your calendar"
Naomi might see "Naomi", "tomorrow" and "calendar" and respond with
"You have the following events scheduled on your calendar: 7:30 am
call in sick, 8:00 am meet friends, 9am hike to waterfall." As
Naomi becomes more connected and learns more about you, this would
become more of an issue.

This change makes it so that the user has to specifically enable
the "respond" functionality by creating a "respond_to_emails"
entry in profile.yml. This can contain a whitelist of email
addresses that Naomi is allowed to respond to.

The following rules apply:
No entry - Do not respond to emails. Simply announce when new emails
arrive.

Empty list - respond to any email containing the wake word.
```
respond_to_emails: []
```

List of addresses - respond to any email from the list of email
"from" addresses that contains a wake word:
```
respond_to_emails:
- aaronchantrill@projectnaomi.com
- 2125551212@vtext.com
```

---

# [<](2020-05-13.md) 2020-05-14 [>](2020-05-15.md)

