# [<](2020-06-03.md) 2020-06-04 [>](2020-06-05.md)

2,495,603 events, 1,233,597 push events, 2,025,648 commit messages, 147,591,301 characters


## [newstools/2020-sundiata-post](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post)@[66f3b5e128...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post/commit/66f3b5e128a5c94d2a5b5483a81fa524aed9079c)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 00:59:32 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [sundiatapost.com/video-showing-lasu-student-sucking-on-little-girls-lips-goes-viral-he-reacts-claiming-the-girl-is-his-sister/]

---
## [Oumou10/my-profile](https://github.com/Oumou10/my-profile)@[017e67070e...](https://github.com/Oumou10/my-profile/commit/017e67070e3b54aea88919088a87fee6da2bb2b1)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 02:52:07 by Oumou10

My journey as a web developer

Basically, this course or concept was new for me!
I love normally work in digital domain but with this course I noticed that I was very lazy mostly in the middle of steps contrary to the beginning. For the three first steps, I was relatively motivated, then I do those quickly. I stopped me during 2 or three week before continuing that the reason why I loss courage and the job line. 
Honestly, that's not my habit to submit work after the deadline but this time its occur and I feel guilty!
Finally I finished to develop my web page and profile, I'm proud of what my product and I wish you will satisfy.
That was a great experience, a new skill will help me for my future business. 
Thank you very much Mr. Le Wagon and good bye!!

---
## [guildai/guildai](https://github.com/guildai/guildai)@[53b6d6a87d...](https://github.com/guildai/guildai/commit/53b6d6a87da45a062e28e2a784aa87fd5808c6b0)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 03:47:51 by Garrett Smith

Avoid use of blacklist in code

This commit is motivated by this Tweet:

https://twitter.com/topclaudy/status/1267450297816879107

This is admittedly a slipperly slope. There are numerous potentially
politically and socially offensive terms used in programming. You can
find some in the referenced Tweet thread: disabled, bootstrap,
privilege, token, nonce.

This project should not become obsessed with purging all potentially
offensive terms. Terms like 'token' and 'nonce' when applied to humans
mean something very different than their meaning in code. One should
avoid labeling people with the terms 'boolean', 'object', 'dummy',
'proxy', and especially 'dict'.

The terms blacklist and whitelist are not radically motivated and
there's no etymological evidence that they have race related
origins. However, neither are they particularly discriptive. In this
commit, I believe both renamed lists have improved meaning.

Nonetheless, this commit is not motivated by code clarity. It serves
as a signal that this project is sensitive to race issues. We should
be open to making similar changes to avoid offensive, stereotyping, or
otherwise anarchranistic language.

---
## [DaVioletDeath/Alpha-Omega](https://github.com/DaVioletDeath/Alpha-Omega)@[64527da469...](https://github.com/DaVioletDeath/Alpha-Omega/commit/64527da469561e7bda79553e3274b006cbd485e2)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 05:30:59 by Violet Death

ALL HELL CAN'T STOP US NOW

FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME

---
## [amitvicky/Crypto91](https://github.com/amitvicky/Crypto91)@[5208cfaeee...](https://github.com/amitvicky/Crypto91/commit/5208cfaeee0a3f3987d2d3137e4eb1d3964ab043)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 10:04:09 by Amit kumar pradhan

1st Commit has done

#Professor Utonium is restless because of the increasing crime in the world. The number of villains and their activities has increased to a great extent. The current trio of Powerpuff Girls is not well to fight the evils of the whole world. Professor has decided to create the maximum number of Powerpuff Girls with the ingredients he has.
#There are N ingredients required in a certain quantity to create a Powerpuff Girl. Professor has all the N ingredients in his laboratory and knows the quantity of each available ingredient. He also knows the quantity of a particular ingredient required to create a Powerpuff Girl. Professor is busy with the preparations and wants to start asap.
#The villains, on the other hand, want to destroy the laboratory and stop Professor Utonium from creating more Powerpuff girls. Mojo Jojo is coming prepared with ammunition and Him is leading other villains like Princess, Amoeba Boys, Sedusa, Gangreen Gang etc.
#Professor does not have much time as villains will reach the laboratory soon. He is starting the process but does not know the number of Powerpuff Girls which will be created. He needs your help in determining the maximum number of Powerpuff Girls which will be created with the current quantity of ingredients.

#Example:

#Professor Utonium requires 3 ingredients to make Powerpuff Girls. The 3 ingredients are present in the laboratory in the given quantity:

#10 Units - Ingredient A
#20 Units - Ingredient B
#30 Units - Ingredient C

#To make a Powerpuff Girl, Professor Utonium requires:

#3 units of Ingredient A
#6 units of Ingredient B
#10 units of Ingredient C

#The maximum number of Powerpuff Girls which can be created are 3 as after 3, Professor will run out of Ingredient C.

#Can you determine the maximum number?

#Input Format

#The first line of input consists of the number of ingredients, N
#The second line of input consists of the N space-separated integers representing the quantity of each ingredient required to create a Powerpuff Girl.
#The third line of input consists of the N space-separated integers representing the quantity of each ingredient present in the laboratory.

#Constraints

#1<= N <=10000000 (1e7)
#0<= Quantity_of_ingredient <= LLONG_MAX

#Output Format
#Print the required output in a separate line.

#Sample TestCase 1

#Input

#4
#2 5 6 3
#20 40 90 50

#Output

#8

---
## [Masterfireheart/Bettwitter](https://github.com/Masterfireheart/Bettwitter)@[c21bdd04ee...](https://github.com/Masterfireheart/Bettwitter/commit/c21bdd04ee0c7ccdfc505b5e513f301bc77fbdf1)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 11:35:12 by Masterfireheart

v1.4.3 (RIP)

hiding most elements in order to prepare for the new UI refactor

thanks Twitter. you're really great to your users, permanently forcing shitty UI on your users and obfuscating most of the class names to make modding even harder than it already was with your shitty fucking spaghetti behemoth of a website

honestly- while I'm gonna definitely patch the most glaring issues with the new UI (circlessssss), I'm not quite sure I'm gonna go as in-depth with updating the UI as I did before; Twitter is stinky and I'm playing around with jumping ship to Mastodon anyway

---
## [YakumoChen/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/YakumoChen/Citadel-Station-13)@[567352f9c4...](https://github.com/YakumoChen/Citadel-Station-13/commit/567352f9c4b61ee130b6d6bfd000a9e4a1a6fd4f)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 11:49:45 by YakumoChen

food: the important one

jesus christ these prices are just the dumbest fucking shit like holy fuck fuck vendor economy

---
## [jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi)@[19c2b4b10a...](https://github.com/jwrdegoede/linux-sunxi/commit/19c2b4b10aeabd2d9c2412a9b1b47c5c49835f54)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 11:53:57 by Hans de Goede

ACPI / LPSS: Save Cherry Trail PWM ctx registers only once (at activation)

The DSDTs on most Cherry Trail devices have an ugly clutch where the PWM
controller gets turned off from the _PS3 method of the graphics-card dev:

            Method (_PS3, 0, Serialized)  // _PS3: Power State 3
            {
                ...
                            PWMB = PWMC /* \_SB_.PCI0.GFX0.PWMC */
                            PSAT |= 0x03
                            Local0 = PSAT /* \_SB_.PCI0.GFX0.PSAT */
                ...
            }

Where PSAT is the power-status register of the PWM controller.

Since the i915 driver will do a pwm_get on the pwm device as it uses it to
control the LCD panel backlight, there is a device-link marking the i915
device as a consumer of the pwm device. So that the PWM controller will
always be suspended after the i915 driver suspends (which is the right thing
to do). This causes the above GFX0 PS3 AML code to run before acpi_lpss.c
calls acpi_lpss_save_ctx().

So on these devices the PWM controller will already be off when
acpi_lpss_save_ctx() runs. This causes it to read/save all 1-s (0xffffffff)
as ctx register values.

When these bogus values get restored on resume the PWM controller actually
keeps working, since most bits are reserved, but this does set bit 3 of
the LPSS General purpose register, which for the PWM controller has the
following function: "This bit is re-used to support 32kHz slow mode.
Default is 19.2MHz as PWM source clock".

This causes the clock of the PWM controller to switch from 19.2MHz to
32KHz, which is a slow-down of a factor 600. Suprisingly enough so far
there have been few bug reports about this. This is likely because the
i915 driver was hardcoding the PWM frequency to 46 KHz, which divided
by 600 would result in a PWM frequency of aprox. 78 Hz, which mostly
still works fine. There are some bug reports about the LCD backlight
flickering after suspend/resume which are likely caused by this issue.

But with the upcoming patch-series to finally switch the i915 drivers
code for external PWM controllers to use the atomic API and to honor
the PWM frequency specified in the video BIOS (VBT), this becomes a much
bigger problem. On most cases the VBT specifies either 200 Hz or 20
KHz as PWM frequency, which with the mentioned issue ends up being either
1/3 Hz, where the backlight actually visible blinks on and off every 3s,
or in 33 Hz and horrible flickering of the backlight.

There are a number of possible solutions to this problem:

1. Make acpi_lpss_save_ctx() run before GFX0._PS3
 Pro: Clean solution from pov of not medling with save/restore ctx code
 Con: As mentioned the current ordering is the right thing to do
 Con: Requires assymmetry in at what suspend/resume phase we do the save vs
      restore, requiring more suspend/resume ordering hacks in already
      convoluted acpi_lpss.c suspend/resume code.
2. Do some sort of save once mode for the LPSS ctx
 Pro: Reasonably clean
 Con: Needs a new LPSS flag + code changes to handle the flag
3. Detect we have failed to save the ctx registers and do not restore them
 Pro: Not PWM specific, might help with issues on other LPSS devices too
 Con: If we can get away with not restoring the ctx why bother with it at
      all?
4. Do not save the ctx for CHT PWM controllers
 Pro: Clean, as simple as dropping a flag?
 Con: Not so simple as dropping a flag, needs a new flag to ensure that
      we still do lpss_deassert_reset() on device activation.
5. Make the pwm-lpss code fixup the LPSS-context registers
 Pro: Keeps acpi_lpss.c code clean
 Con: Moves knowledge of LPSS-context into the pwm-lpss.c code

1 and 5 both do not seem to be a desirable way forward.

3 and 4 seem ok, but they both assume that restoring the LPSS-context
registers is not necessary. I have done a couple of test and those do
show that restoring the LPSS-context indeed does not seem to be necessary
on devices using s2idle suspend (and successfully reaching S0i3). But I
have no hardware to test deep / S3 suspend. So I'm not sure that not
restoring the context is safe.

That leaves solution 2, which is about as simple / clean as 3 and 4,
so this commit fixes the described problem by implementing a new
LPSS_SAVE_CTX_ONCE flag and setting that for the CHT PWM controllers.

Signed-off-by: Hans de Goede <hdegoede@redhat.com>

---
## [cansat-ptl/cansat-kernel-v2](https://github.com/cansat-ptl/cansat-kernel-v2)@[12cd51f540...](https://github.com/cansat-ptl/cansat-kernel-v2/commit/12cd51f54036bf7e2a0ec3062d83bb6c131efa9f)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 13:20:04 by ThePetrovich

Mutexes finally work
I hate my life so fucking much
kernel: implemented optimized semaphore algorithm
kernel: fixed one critical scheduling algorithm bug (I will not even describe it, just carefully look at the diff)

---
## [Codehoff/UniFind2](https://github.com/Codehoff/UniFind2)@[ee3290d566...](https://github.com/Codehoff/UniFind2/commit/ee3290d566ecacd32c316eaf9098213fcec295ab)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 14:35:08 by Enno Kirchhoff

Merge pull request #13 from Codehoff/fuck-pundit

fuck you pundiiiiiiit

---
## [Bread-Loaf/ATLA-restored](https://github.com/Bread-Loaf/ATLA-restored)@[738a9e261a...](https://github.com/Bread-Loaf/ATLA-restored/commit/738a9e261a220f669a6c3efc23ee5ba2527cd214)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 14:46:11 by Bread-Loaf

Merge pull request #12 from Rystic/master

fuck you tributaries

---
## [XeniacDev/FoxholeArtillery-mobile](https://github.com/XeniacDev/FoxholeArtillery-mobile)@[5d4c2b0693...](https://github.com/XeniacDev/FoxholeArtillery-mobile/commit/5d4c2b0693b73cec1fd74a654b809fe6c04095dc)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 15:55:51 by YRlp98

Fuck you Aref (fixed the mortar and howitzer issue)

---
## [freebsd/freebsd](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd)@[d6420727dc...](https://github.com/freebsd/freebsd/commit/d6420727dc4e39c8af0cc48358f6f14d95bbe946)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 18:31:18 by kevans

vfs: add restrictions to read(2) of a directory [1/2]

Historically, we've allowed read() of a directory and some filesystems will
accommodate (e.g. ufs/ffs, msdosfs). From the history department staffed by
Warner: <<EOF

pdp-7 unix seemed to allow reading directories, but they were weird, special
things there so I'm unsure (my pdp-7 assembler sucks).

1st Edition's sources are lost, mostly. The kernel allows it. The
reconstructed sources from 2nd or 3rd edition read it though.

V6 to V7 changed the filesystem format, and should have been a warning, but
reading directories weren't materially changed.

4.1b BSD introduced readdir because of UFS. UFS broke all directory reading
programs in 1983. ls, du, find, etc all had to be rewritten. readdir() and
friends were introduced here.

SysVr3 picked up readdir() in 1987 for the AT&T fork of Unix. SysVr4 updated
all the directory reading programs in 1988 because different filesystem
types were introduced.

In the 90s, these interfaces became completely ubiquitous as PDP-11s running
V7 faded from view and all the folks that initially started on V7 upgraded
to SysV. Linux never supported this (though I've not done the software
archeology to check) because it has always had a pathological diversity of
filesystems.
EOF

Disallowing read(2) on a directory has the side-effect of masking
application bugs from relying on other implementation's behavior
(e.g. Linux) of rejecting these with EISDIR across the board, but allowing
it has been a vector for at least one stack disclosure bug in the past[0].

By POSIX, this is implementation-defined whether read() handles directories
or not. Popular implementations have chosen to reject them, and this seems
sensible: the data you're reading from a directory is not structured in some
unified way across filesystem implementations like with readdir(2), so it is
impossible for applications to portably rely on this.

With this patch, we will reject most read(2) of a dirfd with EISDIR. Users
that know what they're doing can conscientiously set
bsd.security.allow_read_dir=1 to allow read(2) of directories, as it has
proven useful for debugging or recovery. A future commit will further limit
the sysctl to allow only the system root to read(2) directories, to make it
at least relatively safe to leave on for longer periods of time.

While we're adding logic pertaining to directory vnodes to vn_io_fault, an
additional assertion has also been added to ensure that we're not reaching
vn_io_fault with any write request on a directory vnode. Such request would
be a logical error in the kernel, and must be debugged rather than allowing
it to potentially silently error out.

Commented out shell aliases have been placed in root's chsrc/shrc to promote
awareness that grep may become noisy after this change, depending on your
usage.

A tentative MFC plan has been put together to try and make it as trivial as
possible to identify issues and collect reports; note that this will be
strongly re-evaluated. Tentatively, I will MFC this knob with the default as
it is in HEAD to improve our odds of actually getting reports. The future
priv(9) to further restrict the sysctl WILL NOT BE MERGED BACK, so the knob
will be a faithful reversion on stable/12. We will go into the merge
acknowledging that the sysctl default may be flipped back to restore
historical behavior at *any* point if it's warranted.

[0] https://www.freebsd.org/security/advisories/FreeBSD-SA-19:10.ufs.asc

PR:		246412
Reviewed by:	mckusick, kib, emaste, jilles, cy, phk, imp (all previous)
Reviewed by:	rgrimes (latest version)
MFC after:	1 month (note the MFC plan mentioned above)
Relnotes:	absolutely, but will amend previous RELNOTES entry
Differential Revision:	https://reviews.freebsd.org/D24596


git-svn-id: svn+ssh://svn.freebsd.org/base/head@361798 ccf9f872-aa2e-dd11-9fc8-001c23d0bc1f

---
## [samedamci/FOSS_Stuff](https://github.com/samedamci/FOSS_Stuff)@[58e8f769d2...](https://github.com/samedamci/FOSS_Stuff/commit/58e8f769d2cf07179191267a211c294505ec3138)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 18:40:43 by samedamci

Remove KeyBase

so, Zoom - fuck you! You want to disable encryption for all users...
This is not place for moves like that, sorry...

---
## [mrampazz/techweb-project](https://github.com/mrampazz/techweb-project)@[b3669fbc03...](https://github.com/mrampazz/techweb-project/commit/b3669fbc03ae6414c4e476a6147ede4a0b4a58ec)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 20:23:57 by mrampazz

article item trying to fix it sucks balls and i hate my life

---
## [alloverse/allonet](https://github.com/alloverse/allonet)@[5d1b7954d5...](https://github.com/alloverse/allonet/commit/5d1b7954d5eebb3c0654434c7c8b0341eae94e77)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 20:32:52 by Nevyn Bengtsson

Holy shit is that... NEVYN... adding UNIT TESTS?! What the hell is happening?!

---
## [Crackdown-PD2/deathvox](https://github.com/Crackdown-PD2/deathvox)@[6e9fc51778...](https://github.com/Crackdown-PD2/deathvox/commit/6e9fc5177851b6df374a55e563272612acc40975)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 22:17:26 by Neslon-Poggers

the big update

- updated the models of most of classic enemies to feature rigging. added in a new head for the classic FBI Veteran (and swapped the classic HRT and Veteran models around, don't tell Finale), and added in a classic variation of the FBI rookie (thanks Rino)!
- gage pickups and white house presidential pardons are now press to pickup. enjoy!
- classic cloakers' lights now turn off properly upon death. (thanks baddy)
- added in new face textures for classic beatcops (Thanks Baddy and Wekk... probably rino too!)
- removed unused files in classic faction. removed blue balaclavas on classic units cause we probably fixed that contour disappearing issue .
- fixed broken normalmaps on Classic faction and copied over resmod's textures (which have no difference other than having mipmaps and probably other minor improvements)
- fixed unarmored classic heavies spawning on the wrong difficulty.
- fixed unarmored classic heavies crashing the game (this may or may not have fixed that shitty holdout crash by extension, TEST please).
- fixed mod being annoying and trying to hook things that don't exist. files does not exist warnings have also fucked off to another dimension. they shouldn't be there. fuck em'.
- updated dense unit list in coplogicattack. will do.. something. probably.
- fixed classic shield having wrong weapon on lower difficulties. (thanks person who coded the copbase weapon swap code originally in Hyper Heisting)
- resolved most cases of corrupted normalmaps. things will finally no longer look like dung!
- added gangster chatter (thanks fuglore.. rino too.. grngh...)
- fixed classic dozer faceplate lods so they don't break at a distance.
- fixed normalmap on npc assault rifle. the sg553 or whatever... look, the one used by light SWATS

---
## [Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13)@[0dc57a5a96...](https://github.com/Citadel-Station-13/Citadel-Station-13/commit/0dc57a5a964893c13a125926fb19330d3cadeb5c)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 22:41:03 by DeltaFire15

Powers Reimagined : Void Volt (#12433)

* Void volt try 2 : Conflict boogaloo

This time with a new branch because >conflicts

* changes up some stuff

some modifications & fixes for void volt while also reorginasing the scripture tier scriptures a bit.

* Tweaks, fixes and changes

After a fuckton of localtesting, I changed around some values / fixed some stuff so it should be fine to have.

* haha yeah uh better not leave that one debug message in

oops!

---
## [scith/mage](https://github.com/scith/mage)@[14d0c63200...](https://github.com/scith/mage/commit/14d0c632009f8f3d3e1ca2348490a489f22696f5)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 22:42:50 by Jeff

Fix Marrow-Gnawer sacrifice cost

Hello,
At the moment, Marrow-Gnawer is unable to sacrifice itself. Marrow-Gnawer's text, as printed on the card, is:
> Tap, Sacrifice a Rat: Create X 1/1 black Rat creature tokens, where X is the number of Rats you control.

However, on XMage, Marrow-Gnawer's text currently is:
> Sacrifice a Rat, Tap: Create X 1/1 black Rat creature tokens, where X is the number of Rats you control.

XMage doesn't let Marrow-Gnawer sacrifice itself because "Sacrifice a Rat" is put before the tap (contrary to the original text).

I have never touched XMage code, so this is only an attempt to solve the issue. I took inspiration from Bloodshot Cyclops, which has a similar ability. I am unable to test this fix, I am sorry about that.

Cheers

---
## [xamarin/linker-optimizer](https://github.com/xamarin/linker-optimizer)@[a350a4569c...](https://github.com/xamarin/linker-optimizer/commit/a350a4569c05038b7b02fe3e5cc4fb664ebcd7e5)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 22:49:31 by Martin Baulig

Another bunch of massive cleanups and improvements.

* There are currently three test suites:
  - WorkingTests: these are expected to all pass
  - NetCoreTests: same but running with the net5 preview.
  - SimpleTest: this is essentially my personal playground, expect breakage here.

* To allow sharing code as much as possible, there are two new directories:
  - Tests/TestSuite/SharedTests: for shared test suite code.
  - Tests/TestSuite/SharedTests/SharedSampe: for shared test sample code.
  These are setup via some magic (which is a bit of an ugly hack) to work around
  OmniSharp's limitations with multiple workspace directories.
  See Tests/TestSuite/SharedTests/README.me for details.

* Cleaned up the test sample; we can actually share the index.html between all
  test suites by using a tiny setup.js that stores the name of the current assembly.

* We can call `Environment.Version` via an accessory function in the browser to
  distinguish between netcoreapp3 and net5 - added a test for that.

* The exception tests will now fail (and not hang) if the runtime doesn't support
  the feature.  We now also correctly detect errors from commands (such as for
  instance sending "Debugger.setPauseOnExceptions" on net5 where we don't support
  that yet).

* Fixed the bootstrap task to actually build things in the correct order.

* All `Mono.WasmPackager.TestSuite.Messaging` classes now derive from a common
  `ProtocolObject` base class (containing a `JToken OriginalToken` property).

* Added some custom JSon serialization magic to check that checks that field on
  serialiaztion.  This allows us to properly round-trip a JObject that contains
  any values that are not in the C# classes.

* As part of that magic, we no longer need to pass any custom flags when serializing /
  deserializing.

---
## [FlagBrew/CoreAPI](https://github.com/FlagBrew/CoreAPI)@[4cdcde0c8d...](https://github.com/FlagBrew/CoreAPI/commit/4cdcde0c8d019ba806f503fec82014794e73daa1)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 22:54:09 by FMCore

Don't let you dreams be memes.

Aka I fixed some stupid shit.

---
## [jazzgirard/datacamp-data-analyst](https://github.com/jazzgirard/datacamp-data-analyst)@[ebc888cb6f...](https://github.com/jazzgirard/datacamp-data-analyst/commit/ebc888cb6fe57f2113334bda6f8efd09e3b99874)
#### Thursday 2020-06-04 23:26:20 by Jazz Girard

Course Outline

Begin your journey into Data Science! Even if you've never written a line of code in your life, you'll be able to follow this course and witness the power of Python to perform Data Science. You'll use data to solve the mystery of Bayes, the kidnapped Golden Retriever, and along the way you'll become familiar with basic Python syntax and popular Data Science modules like Matplotlib (for charts and graphs) and Pandas (for tabular data).

---

# [<](2020-06-03.md) 2020-06-04 [>](2020-06-05.md)

