# [<](2020-10-15.md) 2020-10-16 [>](2020-10-17.md)

2,808,475 events, 1,475,139 push events, 2,287,714 commit messages, 165,419,231 characters


## [Jules-NC/INF_5101A](https://github.com/Jules-NC/INF_5101A)@[19ee136941...](https://github.com/Jules-NC/INF_5101A/commit/19ee136941fee5ccd8e6fcffed8c88c1a33d8404)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 02:28:09 by Jules-NC

char to binary converter + reader, fuck you bad data

---
## [GDColon/GDBrowser](https://github.com/GDColon/GDBrowser)@[9e8d435627...](https://github.com/GDColon/GDBrowser/commit/9e8d43562709c5dbc940aefa49949ad467ca8511)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 02:28:25 by GDColon

UNLEASH THE OBJECT FOLDER MOTHERFUCKERS

oops i dropped all these OBJECTS that aren't assembled correctly but who gives a shit i don't this is just for my google sheets thing

---
## [p1m-ortho/qs-global-ortho-search-queries](https://github.com/p1m-ortho/qs-global-ortho-search-queries)@[7ada9d590e...](https://github.com/p1m-ortho/qs-global-ortho-search-queries/commit/7ada9d590e08811142385a92ee50e79195084c38)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 05:38:01 by Павел Желнов

Upload Oct 9, 10, & 14 and say what will do

So this is how the two-staged schedule
looks like:

* I work Sun thru Fri, Sat is a day off
* From 3pm thru 3pm MSK, I primary-appraise
and full-specialty-tag the records of the day before
* E.g., I appraise Sun records from Mon 3pm MSK
to Tue 3pm MSK
* Summary posts go simultaneously, so I’m allowed
to do Mon records in the Wed morning
and Thu records in the Sun morning and let
them enter the next summary post (Mon records
in the Sat post and Thu records in the Wed post)
* Yeah, I do overwork doing 192h/week
of primary appraisals, plus doing full appraisals,
plus maintaining the website;
however, I will step down by 1% as necessary,
as wrote in the parent commit
* So today, until 3pm MSK, I’m appraising
Wed records and after 3pm MSK, I’m appraising
Thu records as long as I’m able, because
I also need to write a summary post today
* I’m also doing last Fri records today before 3pm
* I also downloaded last Sat records because
I first thought I’d make Sun a day off, but then
thought Sat suits best
* So for now, I’m aiming for 10% of records
of the given date

---
## [staticjuice/musicguide](https://github.com/staticjuice/musicguide)@[666842cc8a...](https://github.com/staticjuice/musicguide/commit/666842cc8a8d1bd43eed5fb9df2b36382086c899)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 08:14:28 by Andrew Finlay

Major reordering - trying to move in a direction from coherence towards accuracy

This means no more Contemporary Rock (and subsequent removal of genres that aren't widely cited in most sources), and Metal is contained within Rock.

I'm not sure how to deal with Downtempo and Aesthetic yet - Downtempo still functions as an "Other" category, including miscellaneous Electronic stuff, such as Experimental Avant-Garde Early Pioneers stuff, Easy Listening and Chillout, Ambient, Chiptune or Video Game Music and finally some IDM-related music.

Aesthetic, on the other hand, is difficult to deal with for other reasons. It's so new that not many sources talk about it yet. I've noticed that Wikipedia now has a category for this, and calls it Hauntology, which is interesting. But like Downtempo, this is just Electronic stuff that isn't EDM. One solution I thought of was to rename Dance to Electronic. But then Industrial and Hip Hop would have to be included in there too, which I don't want. Besides, this would also complicate the fact that Industrial lies between Rock and Electronic, with the Gothic genres ending up in some weird in-between limbo.

The final thing I don't like a whole lot is the categorisation of Classical and Folk. On the biggest scale, all music is classified into two categories - either Art music or Vernacular music. Art music comprises Classical as well as historical musical traditions of other cultures. Vernacular music comprises Popular music (everything from Blues to Dance) as well as Folk music. Problem is, my Folk category also contains Art music from other cultures, making the entire genre problematic. And then Downtempo doesn't fit into it either. You could say that around half of the genres in Downtempo are part of Art music, as a third Experimental category. But then the rest are just super chill and loungy Electronic stuff that doesn't fit in Dance, but is most certainly a part of Popular music.

So where does this all leave us? I don't know, but classifiying music genres has never been an exact science. All of this is socially constructed, and that means there's a lot of muddiness and grey areas all over the place. The battle between accuracy and coherence is an unwinnable one. If the site was fully accurate, everything would be a total unnavigable mess. If the site was fully coherent, then the classification would be inaccurate and full of falsehoods.

---
## [muondu/Election-Platform](https://github.com/muondu/Election-Platform)@[393f36836a...](https://github.com/muondu/Election-Platform/commit/393f36836a7cd0971869b9eba365ef2f15f82f52)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 09:29:04 by moundu

I have made my time clock for greeting good morning/good afternoon/good evening/good night work

---
## [AAAlex-123/Tic-Tab-Toe-Online](https://github.com/AAAlex-123/Tic-Tab-Toe-Online)@[835a44af73...](https://github.com/AAAlex-123/Tic-Tab-Toe-Online/commit/835a44af73bc2e64657ee23781c32e24acde2bb6)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 13:06:55 by AAAlex-123

1st draft (#16)

* 1st draft

just a basic template to be improved upon

* draft 2

 - Java 8 is supported
 - Download and Setup: added TODO for the future

* Add files via upload

* Update README.md

* readme is now updated

also it's funnier (maybe, idk, no yellow dogs included, pls find it funny. we can attach a .gif of a yellow dog if you want)

* Update README.md

The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. They have greatly increased the life-expectancy of those of us who live in "advanced" countries, but they have destabilized society, have made life unfulfilling, have subjected human beings to indignities, have led to widespread psychological suffering (in the Third World to physical suffering as well) and have inflicted severe damage on the natural world. The continued development of technology will worsen the situation. It will certainly subject human beings to greater indignities and inflict greater damage on the natural world, it will probably lead to greater social disruption and psychological suffering, and it may lead to increased physical suffering even in "advanced" countries.

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: dimits-exe <70580393+dimits-exe@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[e434590317...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e4345903172f4ecaa693ccda4608611a82fb0821)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 16:07:04 by Marko Grdinić

"1:45pm. Done with breakfast. Let me slack for a while longer. I still have to do the chores anyway.

1:55pm. https://www.divinedaolibrary.com/rebuild-world/

I am reading the comments for Rebuild World and found this link. Maybe I'll add it to my reading list. I do like the manga so far.

2:25pm. Ok, just a bit more and I will do the chores. Then I'll resume programming.

2:30pm. Let me do the chores.

2:55pm. Done with that. Let me finally start.

3pm. Let me close down the browser. Maybe I should just turn off the router? Let me do that.

Now, my main problem is that I do not exactly feel like doing anything. It is too much of a pain the ass to stop and then resume knowing that I only have 3h left in the day. Maybe I should move the breakfast a few hours earlier and merge the morning and the afternoon sessions into one?

Well, I'll see.

Let me try to do something now.

3:10pm. Ok, I won't hack the other passes so that `open X` means.

```
open X
open X.Main
```

Instead I will have the package compiler unfold the module into the environment.

3:30pm. Had to take a short break. I am still thinking about it.

3:40pm. I am still thinking about it.

Thought I could start even now without thinking about it so much, thinking itself is important for creating the motivation to do the work in the first place, so I should not skimp out on it.

At any rate, I am going to make design changes to the scheme parser. As the scheme won't be used by VS Code I am going to get rid of the flattened representation.

```fs
type FileHierarchy =
    | File of VSCRange * string
    | Directory of (VSCRange * string) * FileHierarchy []
```

In fact, the way I've parsed it here originally is the way it should be.

I've decided on something else though. I am going to introduce new syntax.

```
files:
    a
    b*
    dir/
        c-
        d*-
```

`a` is a regular module, in a `.spi` file.

`b*` will stand for a bottom up module, in a `.spir` file.

But instead of having the thing in `Main` be included, I will instead just use the `-` to signify that I want the module to be included in the outermost one.

`Main` was a bad idea.

Now in addition to providing interactivity when it comes to renaming and creating files, I need to think about `dirSource` as well. I should have it be a necessary field.

I should rename `files` to `modules` and `sourceDir` to `moduleDir`.

```fs
    defaultInt : PrimitiveType
    defaultFloat : PrimitiveType
```

Ah crap, did I say I wanted the parser to be independent of project files? Damn, I forgot about that. Yeah, this needs to go out. I'll just set the defaults as a global constant in the parser. That way I won't have to remove functionality.

3:55pm. Ok, I've set the `moduleDir` to be necessary.

```fs
let necessary = ["name"; "files"]
```

In fact, I won't even have the name field be necessary. I'll just show an error in packages that reference it.

That way the bare bones spiral project file will only have `files`. Or `modules` once I change this.

4:05pm. I am still thinking about things. Let me break the parser dependency here so I can get that out of the way.

```fs
type PrimitiveType =
    | UInt8T | UInt16T | UInt32T | UInt64T
    | Int8T | Int16T | Int32T | Int64T
    | Float32T | Float64T
    | BoolT | StringT | CharT
```

Now I can move this back into the parser.

Also, I will move the Config parser down, right next to server.

The config parser was very meaningful for me when I did it the first time as I got the sense for how to do interop with VS Code. But I do not need that anymore.

```fs
    default_int : PrimitiveType // Applies only to the bottom-up stage.
    default_float : PrimitiveType
```

Let me get rid of these from the parser env.

```fs
let default_float = Float64T
let default_int = Int32T
let bottom_up_number (r : Range,x : string) (d : Env) = // ...
```

Now instead of using the thing from the parser env, I just use these global ones. Actually, now I see that the parser env is unused here.

```fs
let default_float = Float64T
let default_int = Int32T
let bottom_up_number (r : Range,x : string) =
    let inline f string_to_val val_to_lit val_dsc =
        match string_to_val x with
        | true, x -> Ok(r, val_to_lit x)
        | false, _ -> Error [r, BottomUpNumberParseError(x,val_dsc)]
    if x.Contains '.' then
        match default_float with
        | Float32T -> f Single.TryParse LitFloat32 "f32"
        | Float64T -> f Double.TryParse LitFloat64 "f64"
        | x -> failwithf "Compiler error: Invalid default float type. Got: %A" x
    else
        match default_int with
        | Int8T -> f SByte.TryParse LitInt8 "i8"
        | Int16T -> f Int16.TryParse LitInt16 "i16"
        | Int32T -> f Int32.TryParse LitInt32 "i32"
        | Int64T -> f Int64.TryParse LitInt64 "i64"
        | UInt8T -> f Byte.TryParse LitUInt8 "u8"
        | UInt16T -> f UInt16.TryParse LitUInt16 "u16"
        | UInt32T -> f UInt32.TryParse LitUInt32 "u32"
        | UInt64T -> f UInt64.TryParse LitUInt64 "u64"
        | x -> failwithf "Compiler error: Invalid default int type. Got: %A" x
```

I do not need to get rid of this functionality. Who knows, maybe someday somebody will fork the compiler and want to try different defaults?

Though moving Config and PrimitiveType no doubt broke everything. Let me go through the files again.

4:25pm. Did the parser refactor. Now it is not reliant on the project file. This will allow the plugin to do semantic highlighting even for files that are not a part of an established order.

```fs
type FileHierarchy =
    | Directory of (VSCRange * string) * FileHierarchy []
    | File of VSCRange * string
```

The next thing I want to do is adjust this. I need to provide support for Spir files. Also I want the include support. Also I want to get rid of Main. Let me do that.

```fs
type FileHierarchy =
    | Directory of (VSCRange * string) * FileHierarchy []
    | File of VSCRange * string * is_top_down : bool * is_include : bool
```

Let me just add two flags for that.

```fs
    | MainMustBeLast of VSCRange
    | MainMustBeAFile of VSCRange
```

Let me get rid of these two errors.

```fs
            let _ =
                l |> Array.tryFindIndex (function (File(_,"Main")) -> true | _ -> false)
                |> Option.iter (fun i ->
                    if i <> l.Length - 1 then
                        let (File(r,_) | Directory((r,_),_)) = l.[i]
                        r |> MainMustBeLast |> add_to_exception_list' p
                        )
```

Let me get rid of this check.

4:40pm. I sure am taking my sweet time just thinking. Let me do this.

```fs
    and file_or_directory p =
        pipe2 (range file')
            (opt (skipChar '/' >>. spaces >>. file_hierarchy_list) .>> spaces)
            (fun (r,name) -> function
                | Some files -> Directory((r,name),files)
                | None -> File(r,name)
                ) p
```

Let me back this up. I need to do the next part monadically.

4:50pm.

```fs
let file_hierarchy p =
    let rec file_hierarchy_list p =
        let i = column p
        let expr p = if i = column p then file_or_directory p else Reply(ReplyStatus.Error,expected "file or directory on the same or greater indentation as the first one")
        (many expr |>> fun l ->
            let l = l |> List.toArray
            let _ =
                l |> Array.map (fun (File(a,b,_,_) | Directory((a,b),_)) -> b,a)
                |> Array.groupBy fst
                |> Array.choose (fun (a,b) -> if b.Length > 1 then Some (Array.map snd b) else None)
                |> add_to_exception_list p DuplicateFiles
            l
            ) p

    and file_or_directory p =
        (range file' >>= fun (r,name) p ->
            let x = p.Peek2()
            match x.Char0, x.Char1 with
            | '/',_ -> p.Skip(); (spaces >>. file_hierarchy_list |>> fun files -> Directory((r,name),files)) p
            | '-',_ -> p.Skip(); File(r,name,true,true) |> Reply
            | '*','-' -> p.Skip(2); File(r,name,false,true) |> Reply
            | '*',_ -> p.Skip(); File(r,name,false,false) |> Reply
            | _ -> File(r,name,true,false) |> Reply
            ) p

    file_hierarchy_list p
```

This is good. Now things are quite nice.

4:50pm. I wish I had more hours in the day to give. That is how I feel. When it is time to start, I feel like slacking. When it is time to end, I want to keep playing.

4:55pm.

```fs
type Schema = {
    outDir : (VSCRange * string) option
    name : (VSCRange * string) option
    version : (VSCRange * string) option
    moduleDir : (VSCRange * string) option
    modules : FileHierarchy []
    }
```

Let me make the schema this. I'll want the ranges for the sake of the secondary round of validation.

```fs
let file' p = many1Satisfy2L is_big_var_char_starting is_var_char "capitalized variable name" p
```

These all need to be small now.

5:05pm. It is all clear again. It was really a good decision to shut down the router. Every once in a while I open the browser, but then close it because the internet is off.

```fs
let necessary = ["modules"]
```

Let me make only the modules field necessary.

```fs
        let expr p = if i = column p then file_or_directory p else Reply(ReplyStatus.Error,expected "file or directory on the same or greater indentation as the first one")
        (many expr |>> fun l ->
```

Let me make this `many1`.

Don't want empty packages.

5:20pm. I've been thinking. Right now it is too late in the day to start anything new.

5:25pm. The IDE crashed. It seems intellinse has some kind of concurrency bug in it. It happened when I changed opens.

Got the thing to build. No more type errors.

```fs
| DirectoryInvalid of string * VSCRange
```

Let me get this error out.

```fs
        let directory p =
            (range (restOfLine true .>> spaces) |>> (fun (r,b) ->
                try Some(r,DirectoryInfo(Path.Combine(project_directory,b)).FullName)
                with e -> add_to_exception_list' p (DirectoryInvalid (e.Message, r)); None
                )) p
```

IO related checks should be done in a different phase. I should not be passing in the project directory here.

```fs
let directory p = (range (restOfLine true .>> spaces) |>> fun (r,x) -> Some(r,x.Trim())) p
```

I'll just make the `directory` function this.

5:35pm. Ok, good.

Now everything that is in `Config.fs` is there to parse them. Previously, I turned the parsed directory into a `DirectoryInfo`, but even tangentially related IO stuff like that should be left for the later stages.

5:40pm. Now that all the pieces are in place, what I should do next is start work on the project file server.

```fs
    let project = Utils.memoize (Dictionary()) <| fun (uri : string) ->
        let s = {|op=Src.create(); change=Src.create(); links=Src.create()|}
        let op,change,links = Src.tap s.op |> Stream.values, Src.tap s.change |> Stream.values, Src.tap s.links |> Stream.values
        let config uri text =
            let x = config text
            let errors = match x with Ok _ -> [||] | Error er -> er
            queue_client.Enqueue(ProjectErrors {|uri=uri; errors=errors|} )
            x

        let rec processing schema =
            op ^=> fun _ -> processing schema
            <|> change ^=> (config uri >> function Ok x -> processing x | Error _ -> processing schema)
            <|> links ^=> fun _ -> failwith "TODO"
        let rec waiting () = op ^=> (config uri >> function Ok x -> processing x | Error _ -> waiting ())
        Hopac.start (waiting())
        s
```

So far I have this, but I really need more. This just is not good enough.

I'll do the extra validation in the server, do the links and the code actions. I'll also add the basic package functionality.

5:55pm. Let me stop here. I spent the last hour just planning. The progress is being made slowly and steadily.

Tomorrow I will start the server work. It won't be too hard. I would not be surprised if I manage to finish it all. After that is done, I will use the schema information to make the actual compilation pipeline.

Now doing that (along with interactive project files) would be quite an accomplishment.

6pm. And so another day in the life of a language creator is over. Will Spiral eventually come to life and reach its full potential? Will its creator escape the course of poverty? Will he attain his own power in end?

To accept loneliness is an act of aggression. It declaration of power, and a statement to the world that one does need it.

6:05pm. I am not quite there yet. To accept loneliness more is needed than just desire. I need to get my hands on those chips, and connect with them using Spiral as a bridge.

After v0.2 is done, the really interesting work can begin. I need to get to that point."

---
## [kakra/xow](https://github.com/kakra/xow)@[a8b28ed68d...](https://github.com/kakra/xow/commit/a8b28ed68df0424258b131844e70ec998343aa81)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 16:26:46 by atcq

start xow.service on dongle plugin

I encountered the `Mt76Exception: Failed to load firmware` error quite a few times. xow.service is stopped and needs a restart as stated in the Troubleshooting section of the README.md. To make my life easier i added a udev rule to do just that for me when i plugged the dongle back in after uplugging it.
Should start/restart the xow.service if the service is not running or is in a `failed` state due to previous ABRT signal.
I think it would be a simple change to the udev.rules to make that the default behaviour but maybe a manual restart is desired?

Anyways, thanks a lot for your work! I'm quite happy with xow!

Signed-off-by: Kai Krakow <kai@kaishome.de>

---
## [JuliaData/CSV.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl)@[74919d0e21...](https://github.com/JuliaData/CSV.jl/commit/74919d0e21f86244b89b6ac7a8854fcdd4989997)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 17:36:01 by Jacob Quinn

Improve inferrability of getproperty(::Row2, ::Symbol) (#753)

Fixes #752. This is a case of us not providing just not quite enough
information to the compiler, along with the compiler itself being too
clever. The default for `CSV.Rows` is to treat each column as
`Union{String, Missing}`, which results in the `V` type parameter of
`CSV.Rows` being `CSV.PosLen`, instead of `Any`. If that's the case, we
should get pretty good inferrability for `getproperty(::Row2,
::Symbol)`, because we should be able to know the return value will at
least be `Union{String, Missing}`. This knowledge, however, was trapped
in the "csv domain" and not expressed clearly enough to the compiler. It
inspected `Tables.getcolumn(::Row2, nm::Symbol)` and saw that it called
`Tables.getcolumn(::Row2, i::Int)`, which in turn called
`Tables.getcolumn(::Row2, T, i, nm)`. This is all fine an expected,
except that when we started supporting non-String types for `CSV.Rows`
(i.e. you can pass in whatever type you want and we'll parse it directly
from the file for each row), we added an additional typed
`Tables.getcolumn` method that handled all the non-String columns. Oops.
Now the compiler is confused because from `Tables.getcolumn(::Row2,
nm::Symbol)` it knows that it can return `missing`, a `String`, or if we
call this third method, it'll return an instance of our `V` type
parameter, which, if you'll remember, in the default case is
`CSV.PosLen`, or more simply, `UInt64`. So we ended up with a return
type of `Union{Missing, UInt64, String}`, which makes downstream
operations even trickier to figure out.

Luckily, the solution here is to just help connect the dots for the
compiler: i.e. define specialize methods that dispatch on `V`,
specifically when `V === UInt64`. Then the compiler will see/know that
we will only ever call the `Union{String, Missing}` method and can
ignore the custom types codepath. This PR also rearranges a few
`@inbounds` uses since we can avoid the bounds checks further down the
stack once we've checked them higher up.

---
## [Maetrim/DDOBuilder](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder)@[1cedd664c8...](https://github.com/Maetrim/DDOBuilder/commit/1cedd664c8af8943b227aa31254bd20d2c3c24c5)
#### Friday 2020-10-16 19:35:47 by Maetrim

Build 1.0.0.110

Fix: Effects which add base ability modifiers like Strength for Reflex saves will no longer carry over from one character to the next (Reported by Kaustics)
Fix: Item "Tremor, the Breaker of Bones" now has the correct base critical profile of 20x3 (before Impact applied) not 19-20x2 (Reported by Seljuck-Cannith)
Fix: Pact Spell feats renamed from "Pact Spell <pact>: <Spell name>" to "Pact Magic: <spell name>" to match in game (Suggested by crcabanillas)
New: "Animal Growth" added as self and party buff option (Spell effects updated also) (Requested by Caarb)
New: Auto controlled stances for each Race added (Needed for Animal Growth effects)
New: Filigree selection can now be switched between the standard combo or menu selection method
---Menu selection is much quicker when you know what you want, but no tooltips
---Defaults to combo menu, remebers your choice
---How to guide updated
U47 Changes:
---Support for Tome of Destiny added
---Shifter Traits icon harvested
---Shifter tree updated to match live (version number updated)
---Razorclaw Shifter tree updated to match live
---Feydark Illusionist tree updated to match live
---Different Tack in the Swashbuckling bard tree now requires you to be Swashbuckling rather than Single Weapon Fighting.
---Fury of the Wild: Sense Weakness no longer provides untyped damage on hit, and instead now provides a flat +1 Damage per rank, for a total of +3 Damage.
---The Scion of the Feywild Legendary feat now grants +4 Illusion DCs instead of +2.
New Raid Filigrees:
---Zarigan's Arcane Enlightenment/Voltaic Experiment: +2 Intelligence
---Bravery Throughout/Shattered Device: +6 PRR
---Dance of the Wind/Next Fall: +2 Dexterity
---Soulweaver/Splendid Cacophony: +2 Constitution
---Sanctified Fervor/Reverberation: +2 Charisma
New U47 Items: (Note that all these items are set to min level 29, which may not be correct)
---Blightstaff (Quarterstaff)
---Handwraps of the Hound (Handwraps)
---Conqueror of Bone (Great Club)
---Dull Dagger (Dagger)             ***Does this item have hidden special effects?
---Vengeful Calamity (Large Shield) ***Does this item have hidden special effects?
---Tail of Suulomades (Falchion)
---Champion of the Twins (Large Shield)
---The Fang of Xyzzy (Trinket - Minor Artifact)
---The Heart of Suulomades (Trinket - Minor Artifact)
---Legendary Levik's Bracers (Bracers)
---Devilscale Bracers (Bracers)
---Legendary Tharne's Bracers (Bracers)
---Legendary Bracers of the Glacier (Bracers)
---Lamplighter (Morningstar)
---Legendary Gloves of the Glacier (Gloves)
---Legendary Omniscience (Ring)
---Legendary Lorik's Necklace (Necklace)
---Legendary Tumbleweed (Ring)
---Legendary Ring of Thelis (Ring)

---

# [<](2020-10-15.md) 2020-10-16 [>](2020-10-17.md)

