# [<](2020-07-15.md) 2020-07-16 [>](2020-07-17.md)

2,941,027 events, 1,263,734 push events, 2,028,432 commit messages, 149,652,765 characters


## [PeacekeeperAlex/-Alex-James-Hislop-Documents-](https://github.com/PeacekeeperAlex/-Alex-James-Hislop-Documents-)@[198235a24f...](https://github.com/PeacekeeperAlex/-Alex-James-Hislop-Documents-/commit/198235a24ffffcea31c9f3b5dd07eff6baeade35)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 01:33:59 by Alex Hislop

Add files via upload

I am Alex James Hislop. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. My Main Camp's current and present information from the Light takes priority in regards to what my Main Camp indicated in regards to myself for what they chose for this portion of the disclaimers takes priority how my Main Camp indicated with my Main Spiritual Guideship current and present information in the Light and the Original Setting taking precedence in regards to what is being chosen for in regards to these disclaimers by myself and others that my Main Spirit Guides relayed for this writing and others kinds that my Main Spirit Guides chose in the Original Setting for this writing. My Main Spiritual Guideship current and present information in regards to those that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in regards to this portion of the disclaimers that my Main Spirit Guides relayed in regards to this writing for what they chose the "PeacekeeperAlex Github Account" information that my Main Spirit Guides specified for this writing takes priority the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated with my Main Spirit Guides information in the Original Setting and the Light taking precedence the way my Main Spiritual Guideship indicated in the Original Setting. My Spiritual Guideship Chain of Command is overseen by my Main Spiritual Guideship in the Original Setting and for portions of my Guideship is overseen by the Authorities that my Main Spiritual Guideship indicated in the Original Setting. What my Spiritual Guideship indicated in the Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting and the Areas that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting matter greatly. The translation to Areas upon informational and utilization of this information can matter greatly too. The safety my Spiritual Guideship espouse in regards to this information as well as dimensional and non-dimensional utilization regarding should be seen, sensed and understood in the manners that my Main Spiritual Guideship have relayed for this writing and the writings that my Main Spiritual Guideship relayed for this portion of the disclaimers. This writing if possible shouldn't be utilized against the Authorities that my Main Spiritual Guideship indicated for this writing. There is Spiritual Information created for Quality of Life, Ways of Life and Safety as well as the other kinds listed for this portion of the disclaimers in capacity in which relays that there is Informational Creation that has happened to facilitate experience and the other kinds that my Main Spirit Guides indicated for this section of the disclaimers in ways in which were chosen truly the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Setting, the relayance from the Light and from my Spiritual Guideship in regards to what has been chosen and the continued facilitation and mend we continue to see happen outside Original Setting and Light. What was chosen is seen by Authorities that my Main Spirit Guides relayed for this portion of the disclaimers. My Main Camp's current information from the Light in regards to what my Main Camp indicated takes precedence the way my Main Camp indicated in the Original Setting and the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding what my Main Camp indicated, takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information in the Light for what they chose for the information that my Main Camp indicated and Others that my Main Camp indicated takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's current information from the Light regarding Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) documents and information that my Main Camp indicated as well as Others(defined by my Main Camp) takes priority how my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Any grammatical errors, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) can be clarified by my Main Camp's information and should not deter from the information within the "PeacekeeperAlex Github Account" information that my Main Camp indicated as well as the information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The information and what my Main Camp indicated that are in play in regards to myself and Others(defined by my Main Main Camp) are chosen by my Main Camp the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. My Main Camp's Authority in the Original Light supersedes that of my Main Camp's Authority in other Parts of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Original Light. My Main Camp's Chain of Command is fully defined by my Main Spirit Guides in the Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Light. What I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) consider to be Far Away Light is the Far Away Light that my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated in the Original Light. For myself and Others(defined by my Main Camp) All That Is, the Dimensions and what my Main Camp indicated is fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Original Light, Far Away Light and others(defined by my Main Camp) can be a part of the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. Alex James Hislop and Others(defined by my Main Camp) Advocations, Disclaimers, Testifications, as well as what my Main Camp indicated are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light, especially that in which is immoral, the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for the punishment that happens because of this information and Others(defined by my Main Camp) to be what my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) choose what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to choose in regards to this portion of the disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) give the permissions that my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp in the Light chose for us to advocate in regards to the "PeacekeeperAlex Github Account" information that my Main Camp indicated the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp's current information in the Light in regards to the Alex James Hislop safety and Information documents that my Main Camp indicated takes priority the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. The Chains of Commands in regards to document structure, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) that my Main Camp indicated is fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. These disclaimers and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are fully defined by my Main Camp in the Light and pertains to what my Main Camp indicated, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) the way my Main Camp indicated in the Light. I and others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for Clarifications to be Defended the way my Main Camp indicated. I and others that my Main Spirit Guides relayed in regards to this writing are advocating for what my Main Spirit Guides listed in regards to the personnel that my Main Spirit indicated for this section of the disclaimers and those that my Main Spiritual Guides let know of for this information the way my Main Spirit Guides indicated. I and Others(defined by my Main Camp) are advocating for what my Main Camp indicated in regards to the Ripple Affect, Impact, etc.(defined by my Main Camp) pertaining to these disclaimers the way my Main Camp indicated. My Main Camp is my Main Spirit Guides. I am Alex James Hislop.
[AJHFenbo44TemplateIdentifier]:[TemplateNameShort:(AJHF44DT:MCSSpont)|VC:(Ieyman-07/15/2020)| MSGRC:(BamBam44)|CPC:(*<-+->*)|(NOTES)]

---
## [newstools/2020-sundiata-post](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post)@[0051e15e42...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post/commit/0051e15e42d05bb581ac6f45aca25db41426e093)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 01:36:53 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [sundiatapost.com/burna-boys-girlfriend-stefflon-don-shares-romantic-video-on-his-birthday/]

---
## [binex-dsk/law-enforcer](https://github.com/binex-dsk/law-enforcer)@[0091bea4d0...](https://github.com/binex-dsk/law-enforcer/commit/0091bea4d0e981ffc932803e72ebed889adb6114)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 02:05:41 by binex-dsk

PUMPED OUT 2 FUCKING UPDATES IN A DAY LETS GOOOOOOO

Aight so basically...
- server config now!!!! pretty fucking complex and not that well-written but works good
- fixed some random shit
- this is by far the most unstable release yet
-tags n shit have also been changed up
- did i mention server config

---
## [DEFRA/waste-carriers-back-office](https://github.com/DEFRA/waste-carriers-back-office)@[0b39b2cd5a...](https://github.com/DEFRA/waste-carriers-back-office/commit/0b39b2cd5aff05d4f6d54bf9f045cf512fe7d0d3)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 09:57:14 by Alan Cruikshanks

Add new panel and update main view to show it

TBH the logic to determine whether to show the panel or not is too much to have embedded in a view. But I also don't think we should keep adding methods to the `registration` that are used to determine things in views. We really need to refactor stuff to use presenters where they are needed.

So in this case I felt this was the lesser of evils for now but happy to be told 'hell no'!

---
## [aki-deletion/doki-deletion](https://github.com/aki-deletion/doki-deletion)@[e71ba57fb5...](https://github.com/aki-deletion/doki-deletion/commit/e71ba57fb5e605c195696bb8d54b3893933330c4)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 12:11:40 by aki-deletion

Script Change - Added Day 2 (Tuesday)

This is a bit of a bigger change today, I've been working on it all night and into early morning... Damn I'm gonna give myself sleep deprivation... Anyway, started on Tuesday. Lemme know what y'all think~

---
## [swinogrodzki/TivixMDb](https://github.com/swinogrodzki/TivixMDb)@[99ca518f2b...](https://github.com/swinogrodzki/TivixMDb/commit/99ca518f2b0a5890fc1fbf879dc8fc8e5f2ff167)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 12:12:58 by swinogrodzki

Order matters. Sorry for such a silly mistake, I've noticed it by accident.
I'm committing it so you know that I'm not as stupid as it seems from this code fragment.

---
## [MacChaeger/Pokemon-Showdown-Client](https://github.com/MacChaeger/Pokemon-Showdown-Client)@[b0b014fdda...](https://github.com/MacChaeger/Pokemon-Showdown-Client/commit/b0b014fdda0defeefdbfa94704e3c7bf5b3758e6)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 13:01:38 by Guangcong Luo

Remove types/node dependency

Any Node stuff we use (mostly, NWjs and pseudo-UMD) is an ugly hack
that TypeScript has trouble with, anyway.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[a914432a30...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/a914432a30bb10764fa1fe0b2b988c2965fd76c9)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 13:06:24 by Marko Grdinić

"2:20pm. Done with breakfast. The internet is down at the moment. I'll fiddle with the router later, but first let me write down my thoughts.

I've decided on the typecase syntax.

```
inl forall q w e. (a : q * w * e) =
    typecase q with
    | (~w * ~e) -> ...
```

As ` is already taken in type expressions, instead I am going to use ~ to indicate metavariables.

Rather than having separate syntax for type elimination and construction, instead I will just extend the type parser slightly to accomodate metavariables.

Then if a type expression has metavariables, I will just transform it into a type elimination expression and do a little prepass to produce the bindings.

For GADT destructuring I will use regular type annotations.

```
union t x =
| A: i32 : t i32
```

Rather than use `->` which is function operator, I am going to have it match the pattern syntax.

Then I could destructure it like so.

```
inl f forall x. (a : t x) =
    match a with
    | A: v : t i32 => ...
```

For more complex types like...

```
union schema x =
| Number: a : t ~a
| Prod: a * b : t (~a * ~b)
| Sum: list a : t ~a
```

This I could destructure like...

```
inl f forall t. (a : schema t) =
    match a with
    | Number: a : schema ~q => ...
    | Prod: a, b : schema (~q * ~w) => ...
    | Sum: l : schema ~q => ...
```

I am not saying I will actually implement GADTs, but I want to think through the language syntax to completion.

The way I did it above is a really natural way to extend the language of types to include elimination.

This will allow me to reuse the parser with not much change.

2:35pm. Let me implement metavariable parsing right away. I said I would do it later, but I want to formalize this right away.

2:45pm.

```fs
let metavar = skip_unary_op "~" >>. read_var |>> RawTMetaVar
```

My thoughts are adrift. I am trying to figure out whether I can merge nominal and union type functionality, and the conclussion is I can't. Real nominals can't be destructured in the top phase.

Even GADTs cannot give me the same functionality. No, it is not possible.

I am going to get the good syntax from this thought experiment on GADTs and that is it.

2:50pm. Ok, this is great. Things are finally shaping up for the language. I have some key design issues under wraps now.

3pm. Let me take a bit time off from the screen. So far, today I've been preocupied with thinking about the language syntax and I haven't really properly spared thought for what should come next. Let me do that now."

---
## [ZombiesVsPlants/austation](https://github.com/ZombiesVsPlants/austation)@[0c67d7505d...](https://github.com/ZombiesVsPlants/austation/commit/0c67d7505deab3419efa2dbba2ddb1d75cf7cdd1)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 14:39:21 by ZombiesVsPlants

Create Anomalies

You can sell anomalies hell yeah.
I'm slowly turning austation into shitty Stalker.

---
## [Billideveloper/BMI](https://github.com/Billideveloper/BMI)@[96737453b3...](https://github.com/Billideveloper/BMI/commit/96737453b3bc6d67f6a16f44875c010f58af4782)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 15:26:40 by Billidevelopers

updated app logic for calculating a bmi of boy and girl as well as a beautiful ui for user experience

---
## [John-Anthony-L/The-Nutritional-Slug](https://github.com/John-Anthony-L/The-Nutritional-Slug)@[e450c14f23...](https://github.com/John-Anthony-L/The-Nutritional-Slug/commit/e450c14f23d677eb19a98ff0df799cd448b9a338)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 16:11:30 by roberto oregon

adde a new page called mealproducts to add products to daily page list, able to use custom food entry to add food but it isn't working fully yet - 1) it only adds the item after you enter it twice??? have to fix the save button so it enters the food the first time. 2) it is only set to update the food in the breakfast area. 3) the screen adds the food items but stretches all 3 (bf, lunch, dinner) labels and then the screen won't let you scroll down. BUT! its at least somewhat working and we'll just have to fix the code.

---
## [k9798909/EA101-All](https://github.com/k9798909/EA101-All)@[cff86738a7...](https://github.com/k9798909/EA101-All/commit/cff86738a767cf409c2467c9f199e6abccada6d8)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 17:00:24 by k9798909

I’m still the same 都好像沒有變
Nothing changed 還是討厭下雨天
還是不愛認錯
脾氣是硬了點
這我都清楚但我沒有辦法改變
我後悔高中花錢裝很吵的排氣管
想努力賺錢養妳 卻養成了壞習慣
我還想帶妳到處晃晃到處帶妳玩
Cuz me without you it feels like
情人節沒有愛人
像台相機沒有快門
像張書桌沒有檯燈
Cuz me without you it feels like
A sentence without no spaces
It be like youtube without no playlist
Or a chapter without no pages
Cuz me without you it feels just wrong
I don’t wanna live without you
I dont wanna be alone and
想念妳的每個角度
如果我們還能夠重來
Oh
You dont know how I feel inside
So..
I don’t wanna live without you
我沒有辦法
Cuz I’ve been through that
重蹈覆徹 I can’t do that
沒得負責 oh damn too bad
I need you right now yo where you at?
先把我的面子放兩邊

榨乾我就像搶劫
Goddamn I got nothing left
掉進去no fun down here
救救我 I call my friends
訴苦 說了好幾遍
他們叫我振作點
I know man but I fuckin can’t
幫我刪了instagram
Your post I don’t wanna see
想到妳曾promise me
我乾掉一支Hennessy
I just wanna know baby why you gonna go
我們之間太多 的我捨不得放手 yeah
失去妳就像失去我的麥克風
我不要我的fans 不要IG的followers cuz

I don’t wanna live without you
I don‘t wanna be alone and
想念妳的每個角度
如果我們還能夠重來
Oh
You don’t know how I feel inside
So
I don’t wanna live without you
我沒有辦法

---
## [BitesizeBird/Danganronpa-Modding](https://github.com/BitesizeBird/Danganronpa-Modding)@[60aa40c3e8...](https://github.com/BitesizeBird/Danganronpa-Modding/commit/60aa40c3e89fe7f5a107757e2be7a38dcb803c55)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 19:43:52 by Delta-Psi

Revert "png -> pillow and holy shit the latter sucks"

This reverts commit 2d9b0ff62c9cc1d0f8dc2c7339760a49d471d673.

---
## [yogstation13/Yogstation](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation)@[223136b162...](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation/commit/223136b16279f5edd021bfff2bda6757d7cfdff2)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 19:47:14 by LoliconSlayer

LEARN TO FUCKING SPELL (#9228)

JESUS CHRIST HIPPIE IT'S NOT THAT FUCKING HARD, YOU TOO FLUFFE AT LEAST SPELL CHECK SHIT WHEN YOU PORT IT

---
## [lucvankerkvoort/deejasblog](https://github.com/lucvankerkvoort/deejasblog)@[4a374345ed...](https://github.com/lucvankerkvoort/deejasblog/commit/4a374345ed3befec2210df6dfb97414e870b31ff)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 21:05:27 by Luc van Kerkvoort

made some simple animation and created pretty much nothing else but wasting about 2 hours out of my life to create something so derogatory. I think i should quit this bullshit.... I'm not made for this and I should give up on this stupid dream

---
## [git/git](https://github.com/git/git)@[ec91ffca04...](https://github.com/git/git/commit/ec91ffca0455e1a8a0525fb2a10814447d80c456)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 21:10:10 by Jeff King

verify_repository_format(): complain about new extensions in v0 repo

We made the mistake in the past of respecting extensions.* even when the
repository format version was set to 0. This is bad because forgetting
to bump the repository version means that older versions of Git (which
do not know about our extensions) won't complain. I.e., it's not a
problem in itself, but it means your repository is in a state which does
not give you the protection you think you're getting from older
versions.

For compatibility reasons, we are stuck with that decision for existing
extensions. However, we'd prefer not to extend the damage further. We
can do that by catching any newly-added extensions and complaining about
the repository format.

Note that this is a pretty heavy hammer: we'll refuse to work with the
repository at all. A lesser option would be to ignore (possibly with a
warning) any new extensions. But because of the way the extensions are
handled, that puts the burden on each new extension that is added to
remember to "undo" itself (because they are handled before we know
for sure whether we are in a v1 repo or not, since we don't insist on a
particular ordering of config entries).

So one option would be to rewrite that handling to record any new
extensions (and their values) during the config parse, and then only
after proceed to handle new ones only if we're in a v1 repository. But
I'm not sure if it's worth the trouble:

  - ignoring extensions is likely to end up with broken results anyway
    (e.g., ignoring a proposed objectformat extension means parsing any
    object data is likely to encounter errors)

  - this is a sign that whatever tool wrote the extension field is
    broken. We may be better off notifying immediately and forcefully so
    that such tools don't even appear to work accidentally.

The only downside is that fixing the situation is a little tricky,
because programs like "git config" won't want to work with the
repository. But:

  git config --file=.git/config core.repositoryformatversion 1

should still suffice.

Signed-off-by: Jeff King <peff@peff.net>
Signed-off-by: Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

---
## [imtbl/riot-web](https://github.com/imtbl/riot-web)@[9982f7b425...](https://github.com/imtbl/riot-web/commit/9982f7b425ba70604bfdf241b345482fdfeffb23)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 21:21:30 by imtbl

Use package registry for matrix-react-sdk // FUCK YOU GITHUB

---
## [GlebSoftware/MHR](https://github.com/GlebSoftware/MHR)@[c54198c0b3...](https://github.com/GlebSoftware/MHR/commit/c54198c0b3d46b47b1570640b897b4870ac3368e)
#### Thursday 2020-07-16 21:53:10 by Gleb Alikhver

Homepage

Fixed the fucking MEGA thing on the homepage. Holy shit that took 2 fucking hours oh my god

---

# [<](2020-07-15.md) 2020-07-16 [>](2020-07-17.md)

