# [<](2020-08-08.md) 2020-08-09 [>](2020-08-10.md)

1,660,870 events, 961,893 push events, 1,339,962 commit messages, 77,025,830 characters


## [a-tech-camp/one-repo](https://github.com/a-tech-camp/one-repo)@[585b69ee68...](https://github.com/a-tech-camp/one-repo/commit/585b69ee680ca2010ee1244ee520d2bacb21158c)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 00:38:07 by Forerunner Simple Git

# Welcome
Welcome to the Course. This is the first lesson. It opens up a bunch of other lessons along with it.

Let’s talk about the software journey. These steps will come up again again. That is, not only will you go through them as you learn coding, but you will also go through them when you learn any new coding tool. Here are the steps:

First, we need to demystify the code. We will help you edit small bits of code and see the changes. For example, given a program that displays “Hello World” you will edit it display “Hello” followed by your name. The important thing to do is to go from thinking that technology magically happens and realize that it happens because a file tells it to happen.

Second, comes the big struggle. Here you will encounter errors in your code also known as bugs. These bugs can be small like missing characters in the file, or big like missing programs on your computer. These problems will be very frustrating, and at times it will feel like you are still on the first step. The key here is to understand the code needs to be executed in a context. This context is what allows the file to be interpreted correctly. As such, all code is always part of a larger context. The python file you write will exist in the context of the python interpreter you have locally installed. The python interpreter exists in the context of the operating system of the computer. The operating system exists in the context of the hardware that executes the code. Often it is important to check your assumptions. Within the context of these lessons, that means going back to previous lessons. Within the context of coding in general, it means step back until you have something small and working.

Third, will come decisions on tradeoff. You will start to see multiple ways of coding a solution. More importantly, solutions to various parts of the problem will interact and you will start to see tradeoffs between one solution and another. Good software engineers are able to consider these various trade-offs and choose a good one. Some of these tradeoffs can even

Fourth, you will start to focus on paradigms. Different paradigms will work well together. Some paradigms will not work well together.

These stages should help give some context on where you may be in your coding journey. Hope they help.

The next steps from here will give you some more context on what coding is and how it is done.

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[5db2462544...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/5db24625441f39f5413c9021af1e03032f091563)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 07:44:37 by Saqib Ali

Data Scientist - Wonderlic - Career Page. Job Application for Cyber Security Analyst  - Apprenticeship at Arkansas Center for Data Sciences. Job Application for Resume Submittal : Experienced IT Professionals at Arkansas Center for Data Sciences. Job Application for IT Generalist Apprenticeship at Arkansas Center for Data Sciences. Sr. Data Scientist #0214 job at NinthDecimal in San Francisco, CA, powered by JobScore. PagerDuty - Data Scientist Intern - Remote Fall 2020. Job @ YAS.life (Berlin): Data Scientist - German s... | JOIN. Barbaricum - Operations Research Analyst / Data Scientist - SOCOM. TaskUs Careers - Data Science Director. TaskUs Careers - Data Science Director.

---
## [maxieds/GEyesThemes](https://github.com/maxieds/GEyesThemes)@[c1dbec4319...](https://github.com/maxieds/GEyesThemes/commit/c1dbec4319185e723b21cde65182bb9d6f89bb9c)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 09:54:26 by Maxie D. Schmidt

Speak now!

https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons for the *Addendum.png* upload. This is sick. Why is the RNC following everyone in the US (!?!) by tracking number for filling in a sarcastic, liberal-er than thou response to an offensive multiple choice survey, not particularly well targeted off YouTube? We don't know. 

**I surmise that the following quote is appropriate:**
At this point I have a very, very (very) reasonable request in the name of leveling societal economic inequality and systemic bullshit and political nonsense: I demand a wall be built with Russia (across the Pacific ocean, mind you), and that we take Donald Trump's fat head and toupee and place it behind said wall, and then tell Putin he can keep the change (*до свида́ния, motherfucker*)!

Free Kevin!

---
## [sohel-ccse/Earth-And-Space-Research-for-Natural-Disasters-Using-Advance-Remote-Sensing-Satellite-Data-](https://github.com/sohel-ccse/Earth-And-Space-Research-for-Natural-Disasters-Using-Advance-Remote-Sensing-Satellite-Data-)@[fb9ee39786...](https://github.com/sohel-ccse/Earth-And-Space-Research-for-Natural-Disasters-Using-Advance-Remote-Sensing-Satellite-Data-/commit/fb9ee397866ebc1fb915ae91ee6d16d30e2ae106)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 10:31:32 by Sohel Rana

Update README.md

Goal: #Research into Action,#Monitoring & Near Real Time Forcasting..---

Disasters may be explosions, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, tornados, or fires. In a disaster, you face the danger of death or physical injury. You may also lose your home, possessions, and community.
Climate change is one of the most complex issues facing us today. It involves many dimensions – science, economics, society, politics and moral and ethical questions – and is a global problem, felt on local scales, that will be around for decades and centuries to come. Carbon dioxide, the heat-trapping greenhouse gas that has driven recent global warming, lingers in the atmosphere for hundreds of years, and the planet (especially the oceans) takes a while to respond to warming. So even if we stopped emitting all greenhouse gases today, global warming and climate change will continue to affect future generations. In this way, humanity is “committed” to some level of climate change.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[de26b34620...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/de26b34620ed5890c79f7f6aae6c5773994794be)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 11:43:47 by Marko Grdinić

"11:45am. Done with breakfast. Let me chill for a while and I will start.

12:10pm. I want to slack for longer, but let me not get back into that again. Instead what I should be doing is doing some work. I have a great big day ahead of me, so let me spend it by doing programming. I do not feel lethargic like yesterday so I should be able to get some flow going.

```fs
        //| RawMatch of Range * body: RawExpr * (Pattern * RawExpr) list
        //| RawRecBlock of Range * ((Range * VarString) * RawExpr) list * on_succ: RawExpr // The bodies of a block must be RawInl or RawForall.
```

These two are my targets. Once I am through with these, I will have surmounted a major challenge of v0.2.

```fs
| RawForall _ -> failwith "Compiler error: Should be taken care of in the let statements."
```

But before that, let me reconsider this one.

```fs
match v a |> Option.map term_subst with
```

I will fold this call to term subst directly into `v a`.

```fs
let v x = Map.tryFind x env.term |> Option.orElseWith (fun () -> Map.tryFind x top_env.term) |> Option.map term_subst
```

Let me make this so. Then...

12:20pm.

```fs
| RawForall _ -> failwith "Compiler error: Should be taken care of in the let statements."
```

Rather than pulling these things inside the let statements, I should in fact just take care of them as they come. As an added bonus...

```
let rec f forall a. (x : a) =
    inl _ = f 1
    inl _ = f "qwe"
    5
```

...this would have the effect of allow better inference for polymorhic recursion.

12:35pm. I am thinking, I am thinking...

I am thinking about record application again rather than the task again. I think I am going to put more severe constraints on it than I originally envisioned, but that will lose none of the usefulness and will simplify the implementation significantly.

Rather than ignoring the record application that appear in the body, I think I am going to make unresolved record constraints immediate errors.

That means, that a type signature like...

```fs
let f r x = r @ x
```

Which would ordinarily be inferred as...

```
forall a b. a -> b -> a @ b
```

...won't even be implementable. This is because I do not want to be stuck doing further unification during the validation phase.

So the only way to implement such a signature will be...

```
let f forall a b. (r : a) (x : b) = (real a b) : a @ b
```

Actually, wouldn't that end up being the same thing?

12:50pm. No, forget this. I am just wasting time thinking about it right now.

It is just like with GADTs.

```fs
| RawForall(r,a,b) ->
```

Let me focus on the forall.

Let me just do it. Focus on this, and the rest will be easier.

Forget about the thoughts of validation. Forget about filling in the metavars. That comes for after the inference is done.

Forget records. Just do this thing.

12:55pm. Bit by bit, the language will be done. I will not rush. I will not get impatient.

Ah, yes. I realized something.

```
let f forall a b. (r : a) (x : b) = (real a b) : a @ b
```

No, this can't be like so after all.

```fs
let f forall a b. (r : a) (x : b) = !!!!RecordApply(a,b) : a @ b
```

I need this record apply to just work on records and symbols, rather than being all purpose like regular apply.

...And, I am going to have to go with the same behavior on the type level.

```fs
        | RawTApply(r,a',b) ->
            let f' k x = let v = fresh_var' k in f v x; term_subst v
            match f' (fresh_kind()) a' with
            | TyRecord l -> apply_record r s l (f' KindStar b)
```

Take a look at this last line.

```fs
    let rec apply_record r s l x =
        let f = apply_record r s
        match x with
        | TySymbol x ->
            match Map.tryFind x l with
            | Some x -> unify r s x
            | None -> errors.Add(r,RecordIndexFailed x)
        | TyPair(TySymbol x, b) ->
            match Map.tryFind x l with
            | Some (TyRecord l) -> f l b
            | Some a -> unify r a (TyFun(b,s))
            | None -> errors.Add(r,RecordIndexFailed x)
        | x -> errors.Add(r,ExpectedSymbolAsRecordKey x)
```

Here is apply record. I was really proud of this last time, but just think about it - do I really want to unify that last apply as a function even at the type level?

I really don't think I do.

So that is one bug in need of fixing.

```fs
        | RawTApply(r,a',b) ->
            let f' k x = let v = fresh_var' k in f v x; term_subst v
            match f' (fresh_kind()) a' with
            | TyRecord l ->
                match f' KindStar b with
                | TySymbol x ->
                    match Map.tryFind x l with
                    | Some x -> unify r s x
                    | None -> errors.Add(r,RecordIndexFailed x)
                | b -> errors.Add(r,ExpectedSymbolAsRecordKey b)
```

This is much better. I was too smart while doing this.

I'll do the record apply op in a similar fashion. And the same goes for the stuff I will do in `term_subst`. The last thing I need is any complicated logic there.

1:05pm. Now with this set, let me go back to the forall.

```fs
    let fresh_var'' x =
        let i = term'.Count
        let x = TyMetavar(i,x)
        term'.Add(x)
        i, x
    let fresh_var' x = fresh_var'' x |> snd
    let fresh_var () = fresh_var' KindStar
```

1:20pm.

```fs
        | RawForall(r,(_,(name,k)),b) ->
            let k = typevar k
            let i,v = fresh_var'' k
            let body = fresh_var()
            term {env with ty = Map.add name v env.ty} body b
            validate_meta i
            subst_meta (Map.add i (TyVar(name,k))) (term_subst body)
            unify r s (TyForall((name,k),body))
```

No this is not good. I can't afford to block the information flow here.

1:30pm. I have no idea how to do this. The issue is that even though I can substitute the forall var to a metavar, I do not know how to substitute it back.

Maybe...

1:40pm. Let me step away from the screen. I need to focus on this issue solely for a while. Maybe I'll go to my earlier idea of completely taking it care of in the let statements, but this is ridiculous. There really should be a way of dealing with forall variables properly."

---
## [rmrfasterisk/fedoraCopr](https://github.com/rmrfasterisk/fedoraCopr)@[cb1b57ef32...](https://github.com/rmrfasterisk/fedoraCopr/commit/cb1b57ef325fd00f1f219a15a077ca599baa7ff7)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 13:20:35 by Sai Praneeth Reddy

A world built on fantasy!

Synthetic emotions in the form of pills, psychological warfare in the form of advertising, mind-altering chemicals in the form of food, brainwashing seminars in the form of media, controlled isolated bubbles in the form of social networks.

Real? We haven't lived in anything remotely close to it since the turn of the century! We turned it off, took out the batteries, snacked on a bag of GMOs, while we tossed the remnants into the ever-expanding dumpster of the human condition.

We live in branded houses, trademarked by corporations, built on bipolar numbers, jumping up and down on digital displays, hypnotizing us into the biggest slumber mankind has ever seen.

You'd have to dig pretty deep, kiddo, before you can find anything real.

---
## [maxieds/GEyesThemes](https://github.com/maxieds/GEyesThemes)@[b18ab52a12...](https://github.com/maxieds/GEyesThemes/commit/b18ab52a127c4b054a592ec1488658d96530651c)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 14:25:53 by Maxie D. Schmidt

So to speak (hint, hint ... Never ever, going for that Google job now!)

Can I be hacked for my open minded insolence by the "standards" of the world we live in? Yes, as it turns out. Can they mercilessly track us all like tagged hogs around the net without anyone doing or saying something about it? I think we should all give a resounding Fuck (Trump) No~

Biden for President in 2020

[Free Kevin!]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[384d63d8cf...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/384d63d8cfcfa9ec1399e83782e4abd37adf28db)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 15:42:14 by Marko Grdinić

"I think I will just dwell on this here.

3:05pm. Ohhh, this is bad.

I wracked my brain over this and the only thing I've realized is that let generalization is a lot more complicated than I thought it would be. This is horrible.

I realized that to make a decision whether a variable will be generalized or not, I need to do a flow analysis if there is anything pointing to it outside its scope. If there is, then it cannot be generalized. The only place where it is safe to generalize is at the top level.

At this point I've reached peak confusion.

3:15pm. Uahhhhhh...

This feeling is exactly the same as when I busting my head over how to compile recursive statements in the prepass. Eventually I decided to make them global only. Then I figured out the right techinque.

```fs
let inline (+) (a : 't) (b : 't) : 't = a + b
```

Huh, I never realized that the `+` operator is `'a -> 'b -> 'c` in F# until now.

When did that happen?

3:50pm. I am completely confused.

I did figure out one thing.

```fs
        | RawForall(r,(_,(name,k)),b) ->
            let k = typevar k
            let i,v = fresh_var'' k
            let body = fresh_var()
            term {env with ty = Map.add name v env.ty} body b
            validate_meta i
            subst_meta (Map.add i (TyVar(name,k))) (term_subst body)
            unify r s (TyForall((name,k),body))
```

When it comes to foralls, what I could do is use the old idea of attaching scopes to names.

Then...

```fs
        let rec occurs_check i x =
            let f = occurs_check i
            match x with
            | TyHigherOrder _ | TyB | TyVar _ | TyPrim _ | TySymbol _ -> ()
            | TyForall(_,a) | TyInl(_,a) | TyArray a -> f a
            | TyApp(a,b,_) | TyFun(a,b) | TyPair(a,b) -> f a; f b
            | TyRecord l -> Map.iter (fun _ -> f) l
            | TyMetavar (i',_) -> if i = i' then er()
```

In the occurs check instead of just checking whether metavariables pass, I could also check if `i` is trying to be unified with a `TyVar` higher than it.

This is a good idea. This would work.

That would allow me deal with foralls. Even if I decide not to do local let generalization, I reach an acceptable compromise thanks to annotations.

I mean, doing an in depth search over the every entry in the `term'` array just to check if a variable has any outside dependencies is just way too much work. Most of the time I do not really need let generalization locally.

3:55pm. But this is not the end of my confusion.

What about constraints? As soon as I had the above idea I realized that I have no idea where to fit them.

The type inferencer is jam packed as it is.

4pm. Right now I am thinking - would it be possible to save elaborating constraints for a separate pass? Since I do not have dependent constraints that might be doable. That would really simplify things immensely since I could make the typechecker more modular.

4:05pm. Ok, for non recursive statements this would definitely work. It is no problem. What about recursive and mutually recursive statements?

I need to think about that.

4:15pm. Ok, I have it.

Well, not exactly, but the situation with constraints is very similar to how the prepass will handle infering free variables for recursive statements. Infering constraints for them will have to go in the same manner - I'll need go over the statements over and over until it converges. I haven't reasoned out how many iterations it will need or how to make the process efficient. I'll leave that for later.

But I am absolutely sure I can leave elaborating constraints as a separate pass. During type inference I will in fact just ignore them even if they are explicitly given.

4:25pm. Ok, let me do it. Let me do a little bit more for the day.

It is not the time to stop yet. Let me do the scope thing.

```fs
let forall_scopes = System.Collections.Generic.Dictionary()
```

Can't believe I am putting this in again. Well fine.

```fs
        | RawForall(r,(_,(name,k)),b) ->
            let k = typevar k
            let i,v = fresh_var'' k
            forall_scopes.Add(name,i)
            let body = fresh_var()
            unify r s (TyForall((name,k),body))
            term {env with ty = Map.add name v env.ty} body b
```

Yeah, this is the way.

4:40pm. I thinking about how to do inference for recursive statements. Though it might turn out to be awkward, I'll do it sequentially.

It would be complicated to do otherwise even though I'll be getting errors in weird places like patterns thanks to that.

...Actually, I will in fact make sure to generalize the explicitly given foralls first though. I wish I could do the functions as well, but I have thing like active patterns and `when` patterns there so I'll do those regularly.

4:45pm. This is a decent plan. So maybe I'll decide to draw those foralls in after all, but nevermind that for now.

Let me make use of scopes in the occurs check.

```fs
            | TyVar(a,_) ->
                match forall_scopes.TryGetValue(a) with
                | true, i' -> if i' < i then raise (TypeErrorException [r,ForallVarScopeError(a,got,expected)])
                | _ -> ()
```

How about I do it like this.

Actually, let me throw an error when the index fails. Otherwise I am just running risk of type inference being done incorrectly.

```fs
| TyVar of string * TT // Staged type vars. Should only appear in TyInl's body.
```

You know what, instead of that hacky dictionary, I'll make sure to give foralls their scope information.

5pm. Agh, no.

The reason why I did not do that before is because `TyVar` having scopes makes no sense. In the type definitions for example, why would I need scopes? But on the term level somehow I do. And this is confusing.

5:15pm.

```fs
| TyVar(a,_), TyVar(b,_) when System.Object.ReferenceEquals(a,b) -> ()
```

Let me do this like so. Thanks to this I can just ignore the naming issues.

5:20pm.

```fs
            | TyVar(a,_) ->
                match forall_scopes.TryGetValue(a) with
                | true, i' -> if i < i' then raise (TypeErrorException [r,ForallVarScopeError(a,got,expected)])
                | _ -> ()
```

...I am cycling over this in my head and it makes sense. It will work. It is hacky, but it will work when it comes to doing scope checking.

5:30pm.

```fs
        //| RawMatch of Range * body: RawExpr * (Pattern * RawExpr) list
        //| RawRecBlock of Range * ((Range * VarString) * RawExpr) list * on_succ: RawExpr // The bodies of a block must be RawInl or RawForall.
```

Now what about these two. Do I finally have enough to start?

5:40pm. It feels like I do. But I am not going to be starting anything else right now.

Let me call it a day here. Time for lunch."

---
## [lowellbots/pibot](https://github.com/lowellbots/pibot)@[3806f87228...](https://github.com/lowellbots/pibot/commit/3806f8722813a0f5c4fa847454a2d7128d826761)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 16:33:54 by Bradley Powers

Remove fancy Runge Kutta bullshit, do stupid simple odometry integration, live your best life.

---
## [SZygaluk/online-tracker](https://github.com/SZygaluk/online-tracker)@[c7fba9f60a...](https://github.com/SZygaluk/online-tracker/commit/c7fba9f60a48474367e1547923c354322d08c4f7)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 18:04:36 by Szymon Zygaluk

Resetting the code, because it doesn't god damn work and I have to start watching the tutorial all over again tomorrow which makes me wanna die, but I'm not going to give up that easily, oh no.

---
## [Kaneudigit/variable-mobility-Cahn-Hilliard-code](https://github.com/Kaneudigit/variable-mobility-Cahn-Hilliard-code)@[8e25d8f1ea...](https://github.com/Kaneudigit/variable-mobility-Cahn-Hilliard-code/commit/8e25d8f1eaf3e8d930912b11f503f2a581b269f4)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 20:05:30 by Kaneudigit

 Open main menu  Wikipedia Blocked users  See also the list of autoblocks.  You can search by block or autoblock ID by putting #123 in the "IP address, username or block ID:" field, where 123 is the ID. Find a blocked user IP address, username or block ID: Hide temporary blocks Hide indefinite blocks Hide account blocks Hide single IP blocks Hide range blocks Type: Items per page: Timestamp 	Target 	Expires 	Blocking admin 	Block parameters 	Reason 19:46, 9 August 2020 	213.205.197.210 (talk) 	02:46, 11 August 2020 1 day, 6 hours and 59 minutes left 	GorillaWarfare (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Disruptive editing 19:42, 9 August 2020 	5.200.81.31 (talk) 	19:42, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 55 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://5.200.81.31:8080 --> 19:40, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005079 	19:40, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 53 minutes left 	Acroterion (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "THe HobNob Project". The reason given for THe HobNob Project's block is: "{{uw-spamublock}} <!-- Promotional username, promotional edits -->". 19:40, 9 August 2020 	THe HobNob Project (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Acroterion (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{uw-spamublock}} <!-- Promotional username, promotional edits --> 19:39, 9 August 2020 	58.8.75.120 (talk) 	19:39, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 51 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://58.8.75.120:8080 --> 19:38, 9 August 2020 	36.67.123.239 (talk) 	19:38, 9 August 2021 364 days, 23 hours and 51 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://36.67.123.239:57464 --> 19:36, 9 August 2020 	116.68.170.218 (talk) 	19:36, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 49 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://116.68.170.218:8080 --> 19:35, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004223 	19:35, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 48 minutes left 	MER-C (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Pedrolima40". The reason given for Pedrolima40's block is: "Copyright violations". 19:34, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005074 	23:56, 9 August 2020 4 hours and 8 minutes left 	EdJohnston (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Tilakny". The reason given for Tilakny's block is: "Edit warring: at Hinduism per a complaint at WP:AN3". 19:33, 9 August 2020 	36.84.100.210 (talk) 	19:33, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 46 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://36.84.100.165:34432 --> 19:32, 9 August 2020 	192.3.177.37 (talk) 	19:32, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 44 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 62.210.60.154:34497 --> 19:32, 9 August 2020 	193.70.71.124 (talk) 	19:32, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 44 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 3164 --> 19:31, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005070 	19:31, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 44 minutes left 	Sro23 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "LadyiTy". The reason given for LadyiTy's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts". 19:30, 9 August 2020 	103.109.95.103 (talk) 	19:30, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 43 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://103.140.204.1:8080 --> 19:30, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005068 	19:30, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 43 minutes left 	Orangemike (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Dickozizzles". The reason given for Dickozizzles's block is: "Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia". 19:30, 9 August 2020 	Dickozizzles (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Orangemike (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia 19:30, 9 August 2020 	116.68.162.102 (talk) 	19:30, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 42 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://116.68.162.105:1080 --> 19:30, 9 August 2020 	36.78.217.64 (talk) 	19:30, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 42 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://36.78.217.64:80 --> 19:29, 9 August 2020 	201.108.179.176 (talk) 	19:29, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 42 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://189.194.93.154:8080 --> 19:28, 9 August 2020 	103.255.74.144 (talk) 	19:28, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 41 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://103.255.74.144:53725 --> 19:28, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004975 	19:28, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 40 minutes left 	Drmies (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "AmSam13". The reason given for AmSam13's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}". 19:26, 9 August 2020 	92.38.86.60 (talk) 	19:26, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 39 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://92.38.86.60:3629 --> 19:26, 9 August 2020 	183.88.176.100 (talk) 	19:26, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 38 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://183.88.176.100:8080 --> 19:25, 9 August 2020 	109.162.243.171 (talk) 	19:25, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 38 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://109.162.243.171:1085 --> 19:24, 9 August 2020 	154.236.177.105 (talk) 	19:24, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 37 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://154.236.177.105:8080 --> 19:23, 9 August 2020 	183.89.163.133 (talk) 	19:23, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 36 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://183.89.163.133:4153 --> 19:23, 9 August 2020 	185.140.232.163 (talk) 	19:23, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 35 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://185.140.232.163:8080 --> 19:22, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004592 	19:22, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 34 minutes left 	EdJohnston (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "শরদিন্দু ভট্টাচার্য্য". The reason given for শরদিন্দু ভট্টাচার্য্য's block is: "Edit warring: at Bengali-Assamese script per a complaint at WP:AN3". 19:20, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005055 	19:20, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 33 minutes left 	Glen (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Techno Typing". The reason given for Techno Typing's block is: "{{uw-spamublock}} <!-- Promotional username, promotional edits --> <!-- see also filter log -->". 19:20, 9 August 2020 	58.69.87.58 (talk) 	19:20, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 33 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://58.69.87.58:4145 --> 19:20, 9 August 2020 	Techno Typing (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Glen (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{uw-spamublock}} <!-- Promotional username, promotional edits --> <!-- see also filter log --> 19:18, 9 August 2020 	2408:821a:1780:f90::/64 (talk) 	19:18, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 31 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://110.243.11.28:9999 --> 19:17, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005052 	19:17, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 30 minutes left 	Bbb23 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     cannot edit own talk page  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "LilBillWilliams". The reason given for LilBillWilliams's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}: Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Willschmut". 19:16, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005031 	19:16, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 29 minutes left 	Eluchil404 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "פארוק". The reason given for פארוק's block is: "Making legal threats". 19:16, 9 August 2020 	109.162.244.159 (talk) 	19:16, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 28 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://109.162.244.159:1085 --> 19:15, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004907 	19:15, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 28 minutes left 	MER-C (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "EllenZoe". The reason given for EllenZoe's block is: "Spam / advertising-only account, highly likely covert advertising". 19:12, 9 August 2020 	195.13.206.82 (talk) 	19:12, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 25 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://195.13.206.82:3128 --> 19:12, 9 August 2020 	103.63.159.134 (talk) 	19:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 25 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://45.123.43.169:82 --> 19:11, 9 August 2020 	36.92.213.25 (talk) 	19:11, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 24 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://36.92.213.25:8080 --> 19:10, 9 August 2020 	103.103.124.197 (talk) 	19:10, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 23 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://103.103.124.177:55749 --> 19:09, 9 August 2020 	103.76.149.14 (talk) 	19:09, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 22 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://103.76.148.110:4153 --> 19:08, 9 August 2020 	51.210.182.112 (talk) 	19:08, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 21 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://37.59.50.81:9050 --> 19:07, 9 August 2020 	36.65.204.198 (talk) 	19:07, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 20 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://103.215.177.180:80 --> 19:02, 9 August 2020 	36.81.166.83 (talk) 	19:02, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 15 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://36.67.38.25:30632 --> 19:02, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004816 	19:02, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 14 minutes left 	Bbb23 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "SR Alamgir Khan". The reason given for SR Alamgir Khan's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}". 19:01, 9 August 2020 	Msoltechnologies (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Oshwah (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     autoblock disabled  	{{uw-softerblock}} <!-- Promotional username, soft block --> 19:00, 9 August 2020 	87.116.166.119 (talk) 	02:00, 11 August 2020 1 day, 6 hours and 13 minutes left 	Wtmitchell (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Vandalism 18:58, 9 August 2020 	170.150.103.133 (talk) 	18:58, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 11 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://170.150.103.133:4145 --> 18:58, 9 August 2020 	180.253.18.45 (talk) 	18:58, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 11 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://180.253.18.45:8080 --> 18:58, 9 August 2020 	109.162.249.116 (talk) 	18:58, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 10 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://109.162.249.116:1080 --> 18:56, 9 August 2020 	103.252.13.13 (talk) 	18:56, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 9 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://103.252.13.153:4145 --> 18:56, 9 August 2020 	88.135.47.223 (talk) 	18:56, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 8 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://88.135.47.223:4145 --> 18:55, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004637 	18:55, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 8 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Conferences". The reason given for Conferences's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}". 18:55, 9 August 2020 	117.252.65.4 (talk) 	18:55, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 8 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://117.252.65.4:44550 --> 18:55, 9 August 2020 	41.254.47.54 (talk) 	18:55, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 7 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://41.254.47.54:8080 --> 18:52, 9 August 2020 	103.139.197.163 (talk) 	18:52, 8 October 2020 59 days, 23 hours and 5 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://103.139.197.161:60837 --> 18:52, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005032 	18:52, 10 August 2020 23 hours and 5 minutes left 	Callanecc (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "AqvayMan". The reason given for AqvayMan's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Kabylewarrior15". 18:49, 9 August 2020 	110.78.186.243 (talk) 	18:49, 23 August 2020 13 days, 23 hours and 2 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://110.78.186.243:4145 --> 18:45, 9 August 2020 	61.7.191.216 (talk) 	18:45, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 58 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://61.19.151.170:8080 --> 18:45, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005028 	18:45, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 58 minutes left 	Sro23 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "L6yh15tg". The reason given for L6yh15tg's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Azul411". 18:45, 9 August 2020 	L6yh15tg (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Sro23 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Azul411 18:45, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005026 	18:45, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 58 minutes left 	Glen (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "JuinorPump'sBiggestFan". The reason given for JuinorPump'sBiggestFan's block is: "Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia; see also deleted contribs". 18:45, 9 August 2020 	JuinorPump'sBiggestFan (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Glen (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia; see also deleted contribs 18:44, 9 August 2020 	1.2.230.238 (talk) 	18:44, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 57 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://118.174.46.162:8080 --> 18:44, 9 August 2020 	134.90.251.246 (talk) 	18:44, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 57 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://134.90.251.246:8080 --> 18:44, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005022 	18:44, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 56 minutes left 	Daniel Case (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Jeremygloff". The reason given for Jeremygloff's block is: "{{uw-ublock-wellknown}} <!-- Username represents a well-known person, soft block -->". 18:43, 9 August 2020 	118.99.98.86 (talk) 	18:43, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 56 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://118.99.98.86:8080 --> 18:42, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005019 	18:42, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 55 minutes left 	Yamla (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled     cannot edit own talk page  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Williamwang363". The reason given for Williamwang363's block is: "Vandalism". 18:42, 9 August 2020 	36.85.204.119 (talk) 	18:42, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 55 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://36.91.144.227:8080 --> 18:42, 9 August 2020 	125.24.180.29 (talk) 	18:42, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 55 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://125.25.206.28:8080 --> 18:41, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005016 	18:41, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 54 minutes left 	Justlettersandnumbers (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Organic2000". The reason given for Organic2000's block is: "Copyright violations". 18:41, 9 August 2020 	125.165.105.140 (talk) 	18:41, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 54 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://36.69.24.14:3128 --> 18:40, 9 August 2020 	23.234.197.109 (talk) 	18:40, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 53 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://23.234.197.109:1080 --> 18:39, 9 August 2020 	168.205.218.65 (talk) 	18:39, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 51 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://168.205.218.65:4145 --> 18:39, 9 August 2020 	143.137.8.246 (talk) 	18:39, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 51 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://143.137.8.246:8080 --> 18:38, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004929 	18:38, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 51 minutes left 	Ronhjones (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Sasha Hillenburg". The reason given for Sasha Hillenburg's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Sasha Hillenburg". 18:37, 9 August 2020 	45.142.74.30 (talk) 	18:37, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 50 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://84.201.170.136:8080 --> 18:37, 9 August 2020 	45.146.231.6 (talk) 	18:37, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 49 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://84.201.170.136:8080 --> 18:36, 9 August 2020 	118.175.183.190 (talk) 	18:36, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 49 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://118.175.183.190:4145 --> 18:36, 9 August 2020 	45.145.171.54 (talk) 	18:36, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 49 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://84.201.170.136:8080 --> 18:36, 9 August 2020 	88.99.77.54 (talk) 	18:36, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 48 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 5836 --> 18:35, 9 August 2020 	109.162.245.233 (talk) 	18:35, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 48 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://109.162.245.233:1085 --> 18:34, 9 August 2020 	183.88.17.159 (talk) 	18:34, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 47 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://183.88.17.159:8080 --> 18:33, 9 August 2020 	159.192.240.111 (talk) 	18:33, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 46 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://159.192.240.111:8080 --> 18:32, 9 August 2020 	196.240.109.88 (talk) 	18:32, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 45 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://62.210.60.137:38801 --> 18:32, 9 August 2020 	185.226.65.0/24 (talk) 	18:43, 9 August 2021 364 days, 22 hours and 55 minutes left 	Favonian (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{colocationwebhost}} 18:32, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10005001 	18:32, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 44 minutes left 	Salvio giuliano (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Vmaxo". The reason given for Vmaxo's block is: "{{uw-spamublock}}". 18:31, 9 August 2020 	177.244.36.206 (talk) 	18:31, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 44 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://177.244.36.206:8080 --> 18:28, 9 August 2020 	109.162.240.216 (talk) 	18:28, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 41 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://109.162.240.216:1080 --> 18:27, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10002538 	18:27, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 40 minutes left 	Barkeep49 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Zinedinemay2006". The reason given for Zinedinemay2006's block is: "Disruptive article creation; failure to communicate". 18:24, 9 August 2020 	191.250.246.91 (talk) 	18:24, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 37 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://191.250.246.91:8080 --> 18:24, 9 August 2020 	125.25.159.162 (talk) 	18:24, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 37 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://110.49.11.50:8080 --> 18:23, 9 August 2020 	95.38.14.16 (talk) 	18:23, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 36 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://95.38.14.16:8080 --> 18:23, 9 August 2020 	202.138.241.143 (talk) 	18:23, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 36 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://202.138.241.143:1080 --> 18:22, 9 August 2020 	46.18.210.86 (talk) 	18:22, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 34 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://46.18.210.86:5836 --> 18:21, 9 August 2020 	5.160.149.168 (talk) 	18:21, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 33 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://5.160.149.168:59341 --> 18:20, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004989 	18:20, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 33 minutes left 	TheSandDoctor (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Lukaswarce". The reason given for Lukaswarce's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Lukaswarce". 18:19, 9 August 2020 	51.254.143.96 (talk) 	18:19, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 32 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://178.62.54.52:8118 --> 18:16, 9 August 2020 	5.100.163.147 (talk) 	18:16, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 29 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://94.26.196.155:8080 --> 18:15, 9 August 2020 	2a02:c7f:563d:4900:c94b:e0c1:b037:cad3 (talk) 	01:15, 11 August 2020 1 day, 5 hours and 28 minutes left 	Glen (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Vandalism 18:14, 9 August 2020 	47.196.185.160 (talk) 	18:14, 16 August 2020 6 days, 22 hours and 27 minutes left 	GeneralNotability (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/CUfiveo 18:14, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004987 	18:14, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 27 minutes left 	GeneralNotability (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled     cannot edit own talk page  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "CUfiveo". The reason given for CUfiveo's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/CUfiveo". 18:14, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004985 	18:14, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 26 minutes left 	Bishonen (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Raghuveer Aavula". The reason given for Raghuveer Aavula's block is: "Completely unresponsive. I suspect the user is not aware that they have a talkpage, even though they're not particularly new. Raghuveer Aavula, please see the page https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Raghuveer_Aavula and respond there. Then you will be unblocked.". 18:13, 9 August 2020 	95.19.50.91 (talk) 	18:13, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 26 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://95.19.50.91:4145 --> 18:13, 9 August 2020 	147.147.118.85 (talk) 	18:13, 16 August 2020 6 days, 22 hours and 25 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{CheckUser block}} 18:12, 9 August 2020 	14.207.40.15 (talk) 	18:12, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 25 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://14.207.40.15:8080 --> 18:12, 9 August 2020 	President.USA00 (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{checkuserblock-account}} 18:12, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004980 	18:12, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 25 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "USA.president". The reason given for USA.president's block is: "Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia: see edit filter log". 18:11, 9 August 2020 	USA.president (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia: see edit filter log 18:11, 9 August 2020 	The Younger Half Podcast (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Alexf (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     autoblock disabled  	{{uw-softerblock}} 18:10, 9 August 2020 	209.99.169.79 (talk) 	18:10, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 23 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://62.210.60.154:34497 --> 18:07, 9 August 2020 	195.158.28.30 (talk) 	18:07, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 20 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://195.158.28.30:1080 --> 18:06, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004594 	18:06, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 19 minutes left 	Boing! said Zebedee (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled     cannot edit own talk page  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Iamlooser1". The reason given for Iamlooser1's block is: "Disruptive editing: mindless wikilinking, trolling". 18:06, 9 August 2020 	103.142.68.218 (talk) 	18:06, 9 September 2020 30 days, 22 hours and 19 minutes left 	Kuru (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Disruptive editing 18:05, 9 August 2020 	31.192.132.103 (talk) 	18:05, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 18 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://31.192.132.103:4145 --> 18:05, 9 August 2020 	124.158.183.197 (talk) 	18:05, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 18 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://124.158.183.197:8080 --> 18:04, 9 August 2020 	2401:4900:45b0:e6ce::/64 (talk) 	01:04, 11 August 2020 1 day, 5 hours and 17 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Vandalism 18:00, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004046 	18:00, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 13 minutes left 	ST47 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Sleepinthestars". The reason given for Sleepinthestars's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}: Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Sleepinthestars". 17:59, 9 August 2020 	2600:1700:bfa1:aeb0::/64 (talk) 	18:00, 9 August 2022 1 year, 364 days, 16 hours and 23 minutes left 	ToBeFree (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	{{anonblock}}: Edit warring 17:58, 9 August 2020 	200.43.77.22 (talk) 	17:58, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 11 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://200.43.77.22:4145 --> 17:58, 9 August 2020 	87.107.141.208 (talk) 	17:58, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 11 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://87.107.141.208:8080 --> 17:57, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004463 	17:57, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 9 minutes left 	Jpgordon (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled     cannot edit own talk page  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Tainted-wingsz". The reason given for Tainted-wingsz's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}". 17:57, 9 August 2020 	154.73.101.71 (talk) 	17:57, 9 August 2021 364 days, 22 hours and 9 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:57, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10002777 	17:57, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 9 minutes left 	Bradv (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Pr12402". The reason given for Pr12402's block is: "Undisclosed paid editing in violation of the WMF Terms of Use". 17:54, 9 August 2020 	109.162.242.75 (talk) 	17:54, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 7 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://109.162.242.75:1085 --> 17:54, 9 August 2020 	101.51.59.202 (talk) 	17:54, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 7 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://101.51.59.202:3629 --> 17:54, 9 August 2020 	186.50.77.187 (talk) 	17:54, 16 August 2020 6 days, 22 hours and 7 minutes left 	ToBeFree (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Disruptive addition of unsourced content 17:53, 9 August 2020 	94.180.253.213 (talk) 	17:53, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 6 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://94.180.253.213:1080 --> 17:52, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004960 	17:52, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 5 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "EricaXnu80". The reason given for EricaXnu80's block is: "Using Wikipedia for promotion or advertising purposes". 17:52, 9 August 2020 	103.87.169.188 (talk) 	17:52, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 5 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://103.87.169.188:31094 --> 17:52, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.79 (talk) 	17:52, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 4 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:51, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004957 	17:51, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 3 minutes left 	Cyphoidbomb (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "KingJack21". The reason given for KingJack21's block is: "Vandalism-only account - Hoax content. User suspected by another editor of being a Maelbros sock.". 17:50, 9 August 2020 	183.89.44.144 (talk) 	17:50, 23 August 2020 13 days, 22 hours and 3 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://183.89.43.49:8080 --> 17:50, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004610 	17:50, 10 August 2020 22 hours and 3 minutes left 	Yamla (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Abbas dhothar". The reason given for Abbas dhothar's block is: "Copyright violations". 17:48, 9 August 2020 	103.131.80.2 (talk) 	17:48, 8 October 2020 59 days, 22 hours and 1 minute left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://103.225.228.65:31094 --> 17:47, 9 August 2020 	180.183.224.19 (talk) 	17:47, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 59 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://180.183.224.19:8080 --> 17:46, 9 August 2020 	103.48.186.89 (talk) 	17:46, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 59 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://103.48.186.89:1080 --> 17:45, 9 August 2020 	118.99.88.76 (talk) 	17:45, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 57 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://118.99.88.76:3128 --> 17:44, 9 August 2020 	107.218.202.119 (talk) 	17:44, 9 September 2020 30 days, 21 hours and 57 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{CheckUser block}} 17:44, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004948 	17:44, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 56 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Whazza4". The reason given for Whazza4's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}". 17:44, 9 August 2020 	Whazza4 (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{checkuserblock-account}} 17:44, 9 August 2020 	180.247.231.187 (talk) 	17:44, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 56 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://180.247.231.187:8888 --> 17:44, 9 August 2020 	54.38.51.132 (talk) 	17:44, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 56 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 3128 --> 17:44, 9 August 2020 	180.183.133.87 (talk) 	17:44, 9 August 2021 364 days, 21 hours and 56 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://180.183.133.87:1080 --> 17:43, 9 August 2020 	2607:f130:0:e8::/64 (talk) 	17:43, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 56 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://173.82.62.22:5836 --> 17:43, 9 August 2020 	110.77.154.203 (talk) 	17:43, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 56 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://110.77.154.203:4145 --> 17:41, 9 August 2020 	80.71.112.51 (talk) 	17:41, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 53 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://80.71.112.53:55243 --> 17:36, 9 August 2020 	1.0.190.105 (talk) 	17:36, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 48 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://1.0.190.105:4145 --> 17:35, 9 August 2020 	2a01:4f9:4a:35d5::/64 (talk) 	17:35, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 47 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://95.217.120.170:8888 --> 17:33, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004938 	17:33, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 46 minutes left 	Sro23 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "LadyiTy". The reason given for LadyiTy's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts". 17:33, 9 August 2020 	LadyiTy (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Sro23 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Abusing multiple accounts 17:33, 9 August 2020 	177.184.149.204 (talk) 	17:33, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 46 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://177.184.149.204:8080 --> 17:32, 9 August 2020 	192.3.246.85 (talk) 	17:32, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 44 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 62.210.60.137:38801 --> 17:32, 9 August 2020 	107.172.69.20 (talk) 	17:32, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 44 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 62.210.60.134:8000 --> 17:32, 9 August 2020 	165.225.76.54 (talk) 	17:32, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 44 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:31, 9 August 2020 	119.42.107.34 (talk) 	17:31, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 44 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://119.42.107.34:4145 --> 17:31, 9 August 2020 	185.26.33.83 (talk) 	17:31, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 43 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://185.26.33.83:8080 --> 17:29, 9 August 2020 	103.111.57.146 (talk) 	17:29, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 42 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://103.114.76.98:8080 --> 17:28, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004607 	17:28, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 40 minutes left 	Deepfriedokra (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Miraclepine". The reason given for Miraclepine's block is: "restore tpa per https://utrs-beta.wmflabs.org/appeal/30430 and discussion with blocking admin". 17:28, 9 August 2020 	177.137.163.64 (talk) 	17:28, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 40 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://177.137.163.64:4145 --> 17:27, 9 August 2020 	109.162.245.172 (talk) 	17:27, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 40 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://109.162.245.172:1085 --> 17:26, 9 August 2020 	85.103.51.120 (talk) 	00:26, 11 August 2020 1 day, 4 hours and 39 minutes left 	Glen (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Vandalism 17:26, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004925 	17:26, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 38 minutes left 	CactusWriter (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Я Казах". The reason given for Я Казах's block is: "Copyright violations". 17:25, 9 August 2020 	94.26.196.155 (talk) 	17:25, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 38 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://94.26.196.155:8080 --> 17:25, 9 August 2020 	124.121.124.154 (talk) 	17:25, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 38 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://124.121.124.154:8888 --> 17:24, 9 August 2020 	110.78.149.239 (talk) 	17:24, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 37 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://110.78.149.239:4145 --> 17:24, 9 August 2020 	87.66.92.109 (talk) 	17:24, 9 November 2020 91 days, 21 hours and 36 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	vandalism, see also edit filter log 17:23, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004919 	17:23, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 36 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "OwenMclean1". The reason given for OwenMclean1's block is: "Vandalism". 17:23, 9 August 2020 	OwenMclean1 (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Vandalism 17:23, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004917 	17:23, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 35 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "MUSHTAQUE SAMO". The reason given for MUSHTAQUE SAMO's block is: "Disruptive editing". 17:23, 9 August 2020 	MUSHTAQUE SAMO (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Disruptive editing 17:23, 9 August 2020 	69.157.16.249 (talk) 	17:23, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 35 minutes left 	Materialscientist (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	vandalism, see also edit filter log 17:22, 9 August 2020 	2409:4042:2000::/37 (talk) 	17:22, 9 August 2021 364 days, 21 hours and 35 minutes left 	Ohnoitsjamie (talk | contribs) 	      editing         pages             Maharashtra Public Service Commission     anon. only  	Using Wikipedia for promotion or advertising purposes 17:22, 9 August 2020 	185.211.59.181 (talk) 	17:22, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 35 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://185.211.59.181:8080 --> 17:22, 9 August 2020 	2a02:c7d:597c:6700::/64 (talk) 	00:22, 11 August 2020 1 day, 4 hours and 35 minutes left 	Doug Weller (talk | contribs) 	      editing         pages             William Lynch speech  	{{anonblock}} 17:21, 9 August 2020 	2409:4042:210e:8290::/64 (talk) 	17:21, 9 September 2020 30 days, 21 hours and 34 minutes left 	Ohnoitsjamie (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     anon. only     account creation disabled  	Using Wikipedia for promotion or advertising purposes 17:20, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004910 	17:20, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 32 minutes left 	Ronhjones (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Sasha Hillenburg". The reason given for Sasha Hillenburg's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Sasha Hillenburg". 17:19, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004629 	17:19, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 32 minutes left 	Yamla (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled     cannot edit own talk page  	Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia 17:18, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004835 	17:18, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 30 minutes left 	ST47 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Barbie Jane Amarga". The reason given for Barbie Jane Amarga's block is: "{{checkuserblock-account}}". 17:17, 9 August 2020 	TJSCartoonOffical (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	GermanJoe (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     autoblock disabled  	{{uw-softerblock}} <!-- Promotional username, soft block --> 17:15, 9 August 2020 	37.238.130.50 (talk) 	17:15, 9 August 2021 364 days, 21 hours and 28 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://37.238.130.50:61817 --> 17:15, 9 August 2020 	Tamil Tricks (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	GermanJoe (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     autoblock disabled  	{{uw-softerblock}} <!-- Promotional username, soft block --> 17:13, 9 August 2020 	Rameshwar Sales And Services (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	GermanJoe (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     autoblock disabled  	{{uw-softerblock}} <!-- Promotional username, soft block --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	95.216.53.199 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 3128 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	78.29.93.75 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	41.254.47.226 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	27.255.75.133 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 5836 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.26.77 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.26.115 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.202.84 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.20.121 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.96 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.94 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.90 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.87 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.82 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.81 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.112 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.111 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.107 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.105 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.102 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.101 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:12, 9 August 2020 	109.161.127.74 (talk) 	17:12, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:11, 9 August 2020 	91.108.137.19 (talk) 	17:11, 23 August 2020 13 days, 21 hours and 24 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- https://91.108.137.19:8080 --> 17:10, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004877 	17:10, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 23 minutes left 	DMacks (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Dailyjobsindia". The reason given for Dailyjobsindia's block is: "Spamming links to external sites". 17:09, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004880 	17:09, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 22 minutes left 	El C (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled     cannot edit own talk page  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "IvanMoche". The reason given for IvanMoche's block is: "Personal attacks or violations of the harassment policy". 17:09, 9 August 2020 	78.38.123.110 (talk) 	17:09, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 22 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://78.38.122.249:4153 --> 17:08, 9 August 2020 	IvanMoche (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	El C (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled     email disabled     cannot edit own talk page  	Personal attacks or violations of the harassment policy 17:07, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004878 	17:07, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 19 minutes left 	ST47 (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "The Simpsons on Sky One". The reason given for The Simpsons on Sky One's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/MTV Hits". 17:07, 9 August 2020 	Dailyjobsindia (talk | contribs) 	no expiry set 	DMacks (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Spamming links to external sites 17:05, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10004599 	17:05, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 18 minutes left 	TheSandDoctor (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Lukaswarce". The reason given for Lukaswarce's block is: "Abusing multiple accounts: Please see: w:en:Wikipedia:Sockpuppet investigations/Lukaswarce". 17:04, 9 August 2020 	84.209.139.0 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 17 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks5://109.194.175.135:9050 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	175.100.47.144 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 17 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- socks4://175.100.47.144:51080 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	2605:a140:2040:9956::/64 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 17 minutes left 	ST47ProxyBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- http://207.244.250.124:11070 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	94.181.98.225 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 17 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	79.133.108.15 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	77.45.244.94 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 3128 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	77.238.137.178 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 80 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	46.18.210.85 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 5836 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	41.207.251.198 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	31.3.227.25 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 3128 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.8.115 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.26.118 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.26.105 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.204.82 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.20.94 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.20.111 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.80 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.78 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.76 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.75 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	Autoblock #10000455 	17:04, 10 August 2020 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	Doug Weller (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	Autoblocked because your IP address was recently used by "Mwaltr". The reason given for Mwaltr's block is: "Clearly not here to build an encyclopedia from almost their first edit where they wrote about the Elamite language that "This Language can be read by focusing the form and creating its pattern inside the brain , not using words , only images." to the most recent, their edits have been unsourced and bizarre.". 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.73 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.63 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.59 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.58 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.104 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.196.100 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.192.98 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.192.94 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.192.84 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.192.109 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.192.107 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	165.225.12.106 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 10605 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	161.35.125.53 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8888 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	161.35.121.42 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8888 --> 17:04, 9 August 2020 	128.75.191.18 (talk) 	17:04, 8 October 2020 59 days, 21 hours and 16 minutes left 	ProcseeBot (talk | contribs) 	      editing (sitewide)     account creation disabled  	{{blocked proxy}} <!-- 8080 --> 17:03, 9 Au…

---
## [terminalnode/mrfreeze](https://github.com/terminalnode/mrfreeze)@[3dcbedec2c...](https://github.com/terminalnode/mrfreeze/commit/3dcbedec2c48a0e7a352016bd52ac14fd0d92bdc)
#### Sunday 2020-08-09 23:54:58 by Alexander

change max line length to 120 #yolo

You only live once, and it would be a damn shame if you wasted it all on
keeping your lines below 120 characters.

But if you go above 120, fuck you.

---

# [<](2020-08-08.md) 2020-08-09 [>](2020-08-10.md)

