# [<](2020-05-08.md) 2020-05-09 [>](2020-05-10.md)

1,962,646 events, 1,067,029 push events, 1,538,475 commit messages, 94,321,906 characters


## [GabrielZala/keyword_spotting](https://github.com/GabrielZala/keyword_spotting)@[1017304951...](https://github.com/GabrielZala/keyword_spotting/commit/10173049515a62ebe510a8c187fcd3e828fa1be5)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 01:13:20 by GabrielZala

dtw_search_sakoechiba

This should work for the one-against-all search we want to do. There are some problems I noticed here tho.

I don't think the DTW implementation I used here (from the pyts package) is actually applicable to our problem. 
I came to this conclusion by basically just running the code from this site here (you can actually just look at the 4 graphs): https://pyts.readthedocs.io/en/stable/auto_examples/metrics/plot_dtw.html?highlight=dynamic#sphx-glr-download-auto-examples-metrics-plot-dtw-py

If you look closely at the trajectories of the graphs, you will notice, that they hit the sakoechiba margins. But instead of halting the computation, the DTW just fucking goes on and simply seems to penalize hitting the margin in the DTW distance. which is pretty much the opposite of speeding up computation time. 

the second problem is - we need a way for scoring that actually makes some sense for our application - just summing numbers won't really help us (which is what the library implementations are doing I think) - I was thinking of smth similar to the DNA base pairs aligners were we can give different penalties to insertions/substitutions/whatsoever.

Tomorrow I am going to try to do a DTW myself - the other option would be to hijack some librarie's DTW and adapt it to our needs. I really have no idea what would be faster - Linda told us to use fast DTW - but that is only an approximation afaik so no idea if I would wanna mess with that.

---
## [schil227/RetroWar](https://github.com/schil227/RetroWar)@[e8d8361f8b...](https://github.com/schil227/RetroWar/commit/e8d8361f8bf5506f199f545ca408d8e44c4175a8)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 03:44:47 by schil227

Just draggin myself across the god damn finish line with the Zoning problem. Basically the key to fixing the problem (as annoying as it is) was to check if a recently resolved vehicle was bumping into any other vehicles, so as to catch the moment they cross axis. Playing around with it now, I'm not seeing any more bugs. The code could probably stand to be cleaned up, but boy are my arms tired.

---
## [CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[d630a581ce...](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/d630a581cebc089c7e98627183be2053cca1ae8d)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 06:34:11 by SandwichHorror

infuser, bauble, rune tweaks

- removed alien plant & dead flower from flower oredict
- fixed uncraftable potion -> water bottle
- swapped unobtainable quark scale to endreborn scale
- fixed skyroot bucket ID
- deathworm mats changed to wither skull and cockatrice skull (only direct connection to wither/death instead of name only)
- removed frost stuff from nether rune (those monsters are in Aether now)
- remove player-created journals from knowledge rune ingredient (seems recursive)
- added "false dragon" (Drake) drops to draconia runes, removed serpent scales
- hid temporarily unobtainable nether flora from nether flora in nether rune
- made oozemancer's wand require several less steps (it didn't get any buffs so... doesn't need to be that complex)
- broken heart requires visiting the ol' ghasty ghast tower
- lucky horseshoe requires visiting the end. there's like 10 ways to nullify fall damage before that, relax, but now until the end, you can't just slap a bauble on your ass and forget about falling ever again
- fixed the fucky wucky in the plague doctorate recipe
- increased the rarity of end essence (it's pretty much everywhere tbh, much rather have 1 block drop lots of essence than see these unfitting purple boyos in every single cave)
- falling out of the end no longer drops you in the overworld. what is this, the aether? pffft

---
## [shellnguyen/Solitaire](https://github.com/shellnguyen/Solitaire)@[1c2ca744b8...](https://github.com/shellnguyen/Solitaire/commit/1c2ca744b8149ece953eb96106fd42267c05572d)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 08:52:57 by ThanhNguyen

[WIP] Show Ads
- Add Admod SDK for Unity (FUCK YOU GOOGLE, YOU MESSED UP MY PROJECT SETUP @&#@!#@##$&^#@)

---
## [allo-/nativefier](https://github.com/allo-/nativefier)@[c9ee6667d4...](https://github.com/allo-/nativefier/commit/c9ee6667d4f7edbeb838ac0149cf15bc228fad89)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 10:52:58 by Ronan Jouchet

Revamp and move to TypeScript (#898)

## Breaking changes

- Require **Node >= 8.10.0 and npm 5.6.0**
- Move to **Electron 8.1.1**.
- That's it. Lots of care went into breaking CLI & programmatic behavior
  as little as possible. **Please report regressions**.
- Known issue: build may fail behind a proxy. Get in touch if you use one:
  https://github.com/jiahaog/nativefier/issues/907#issuecomment-596144768

## Changes summary

Nativefier didn't get much love recently, to the point that it's
becoming hard to run on recent Node, due to old dependencies.
Also, some past practices now seem weird, as better expressible
by modern JS/TS, discouraging contributions including mine.

Addressing this, and one thing leading to another, came a
bigger-than-expected revamp, aiming at making Nativefier more
**lean, stable, future-proof, user-friendly and dev-friendly**,
while **not changing the CLI/programmatic interfaces**. Highlights:

- **Require Node>=8**, as imposed by many of our dependencies. Node 8
  is twice LTS, and easily available even in conservative Linux distros.
  No reason not to demand it.
- **Default to Electron 8**.
- **Bump** all dependencies to latest version, including electron-packager.
- **Move to TS**. TS is great. As of today, I see no reason not to use it,
  and fight interface bugs at runtime rather than at compile time.
  With that, get rid of everything Babel/Webpack.
- **Move away from Gulp**. Gulp's selling point is perf via streaming,
  but for small builds like Nativefier, npm tasks are plenty good
  and less dependency bloat. Gulp was the driver for this PR: broken
  on Node 12, and I didn't feel like just upgrading and keeping it.
- Add tons of **verbose logs** everywhere it makes sense, to have a
  fine & clear trace of the program flow. This will be helpful to
  debug user-reported issues, and already helped me fix a few bugs.
    - With better simple logging, get rid of the quirky and buggy
      progress bar based on package `progress`. Nice logging (minimal
      by default, the verbose logging mentioned above is only used
      when passing `--verbose`) is better and one less dependency.
- **Dump `async` package**, a relic from old callback-hell early Node.
  Also dump a few other micro-packages unnecessary now.
- A first pass of code **cleanup** thanks to modern JS/TS features:
  fixes, simplifications, jsdoc type annotations to types, etc.
- **Remove GitHub integrations Hound & CodeClimate**, which are more
  exotic than good'ol'linters, and whose signal-to-noise ratio is too low.
- Quality: **Add tests** and add **Windows + macOS CI builds**.
  Also, add a **manual test script**, helping to quickly verify the
  hard-to-programatically-test stuff before releases, and limit regressions.
- **Fix a very small number of existing bugs**. The goal of this PR was
  *not* to fix bugs, but to get Nativefier in better shape to do so.
  Bugfixes will come later. Still, these got addressed:
  - Add common `Alt`+`Left`/`Right` for previous/next navigation.
  - Improve #379: fix zoom with `Ctrl` + numpad `+`/`-`
  - Fix pinch-to-zoom (see https://github.com/jiahaog/nativefier/issues/379#issuecomment-598612128 )

---
## [xenoinc/pmt](https://github.com/xenoinc/pmt)@[a17e15887c...](https://github.com/xenoinc/pmt/commit/a17e15887cd28b7eb72c4976d9541dbc2d70ef99)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 14:19:59 by Damian Suess

= Core-0.0.5 Sandbox =

== Dashboard Module ==
* Added unit testing bench
* Modified setup module members to make life easier
** honestly i forget, see below!!

= Note =
After typing for 8 hours. i deleted the work by accident w/o checking it in locally!!! what a dumbass!!
The dashboard module was 100% complete.. well, not anymore.. FUCK!

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[c1a961ad78...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/c1a961ad78b6d1da339e622c723d753a80687824)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 16:03:17 by wm4

draw_bmp: rewrite

draw_bmp.c is the software blender for subtitles and OSD. It's used by
encoding mode (burning subtitles), and some VOs, like vo_drm, vo_x11,
vo_xv, and possibly more.

This changes the algorithm from upsampling the video to 4:4:4 and then
blending to downsampling the OSD and then blending directly to video.
This has far-reaching consequences for its internals, and results in an
effective rewrite.

Since I wanted to avoid un-premultiplying, all blending is done with
premultiplied alpha. That's actually the sane thing to do. The old code
just didn't do it, because it's very weird in YUV fixed point.
Essentially, you'd have to compensate for the chroma centering constant
by subtracting src_alpha/255*128. This seemed so hairy (especially with
correct rounding and high bit depths involved) that I went for using
float.

I think it turned out mostly OK, although it's more complex and less
maintainable than before. reinit() is certainly a bit too long. While it
should be possible to optimize the RGB path more (for example by
blending directly instead of doing the stupid float conversion), this is
probably slower. vo_xv users probably lose in this, because it takes the
slowest path (due to subsampling requirements and using YUV).

Why this rewrite? Nobody knows. I simply forgot the reason. But you'll
have it anyway. Whether or not this would have required a full rewrite,
at least it supports target alpha now (you can for example hard sub
transparent PNGs, if you ever wanted to use mpv for this).

Remove the check in vf_sub. The new draw_bmp.c is not as reliant on
libswscale anymore (mostly uses repack.c now), and osd.c shows an
error message on missing support instead now.

Formats with chroma subsampling of 4 are not supported, because FFmpeg
doesn't provide pixfmt definitions for alpha variants. We could provide
those ourselves (relatively trivial), but why bother.

---
## [ainazimo/Article_Trainer](https://github.com/ainazimo/Article_Trainer)@[e847b83371...](https://github.com/ainazimo/Article_Trainer/commit/e847b8337116a315ed9e817d9aa34abb41d5fc54)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 16:26:12 by ainazimo

Update README.md

Article Trainer

Topic addressed by the project: Education
Goal: Help people training German articles and new words
Objectives: Use articles automatically and free
Estimated budget: Free
Proposed partners: Nobody

Authors contacts: 
Name       : Ainazik
Surname  : Momunalieva
e-mail       : ainazik.momunalieva @iaau.edu.kg
mobile        : +996706424748
The application was totally made by myself from zero.


Is it der, die or das? 

You seem like being totally confused. Of course, you should have got the dictionary and just learned it. But… take my words, that’ boring. That is why you might  haven’t done  it and you are mixed up now. What makes your life harder is that there is no rules for detecting the article in German. That is a big problem: you may have a TestDAF or Geothe Certificate exams soon. It is obvious that it’s  important.  I’m sure, you would prefer not sounding weird when you are speaking German and not loosing points on exams just because of not knowing the article of some word. Me too… So, I’ve made an application to help you learn articles of most common 200 words. If you see there a word that you do not know, don’t worry, I’ve provided meanings of them and also plural form. I’m sure that solves your problem. You are going to like it.

---
## [Perkedel/After-Church](https://github.com/Perkedel/After-Church)@[f8e35d3d82...](https://github.com/Perkedel/After-Church/commit/f8e35d3d825ec7bbb547d2e8b0aaafbcaf7505ec)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 18:14:09 by Joel Robert Justiawan

Ah pecc

I am late. I'm so sorry.

I was having internet problem yesterday.

I need that Internet to find Assets & References!

well it works again now, but

THE damage has been done.

I thought we're in it on time.

yeah. I regret challenging myself in

DEADLINE CHALLENGE (2020).

most challenges could worth not. some may, but I can't simply trust those.

---
## [aleksandar-todorovic/awesome-quantified-self](https://github.com/aleksandar-todorovic/awesome-quantified-self)@[2b75688f54...](https://github.com/aleksandar-todorovic/awesome-quantified-self/commit/2b75688f5471b2182624e06bc10a897c2269eace)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 18:17:59 by Aleksandar Todorović

Adds a keynote by Chris Dancy

A pretty entertaining talk about how Chris used the data he collected to shape his everyday life. It's really low on amount of views (a little over 400 at the moment), but I quite like the practicality of using the data he demonstrated.

**Note:** The background music is way too loud, distracting, and kind of annoying, but I believe that the content is worth suffering through it.

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[0e00bcf78d...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/0e00bcf78d05cce50be31461330e9728c42f82b3)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 18:40:08 by MrD

WIP Subrecords EEE TTT

EEE docs return None from pack subrecords data
EEE MelUInt32('INDX', '')
EEE and header.label not in {'CELL','WRLD'}:
EEE
@@ -525,3 +525,3 @@ def __init__(self, mel_sig, attr, default=None, maxSize=0):
         self.maxSize = maxSize
-        self.encoding = None # None == automatic detection
+        self.encoding = None # will default to bolt.pluginEncoding

A dream come True. There is too much goodness in here so some random
notes:

- dumpData overrides went down. Now we actually override the part of the
behavior we need - we can further centralize/optimize etc
- ModWritter is gone - another level of function calls, another API for
new (and seasoned) devs to grok, and most importantly packing/loading
logic all around the place
- strings handling is centralized - defining packSub0 and co away from
the usages was difficult to follow. Plus this is a part of the code that
needs work - note discoveries on decode performance, the encodings
handling/naming is difficult to follow and rework for py3 plus cstrip
must disappear
- packSub does not do this weird "call me in two ways" - this is handled
by pack_subrecord_data
- used some itertools and comprehensions to avoid copying data, drop
inlines etc. I did use some `map`s here
- note _collect_array_data was already pack_subrecord_data - we now don't
need the sio however :) Plus to me it's much easier to reason about a
function than to reason about the stream that I write on - seeing:

-    def _collect_array_data(self, record):
+    def pack_subrecord_data(self, record):
         """Collects the actual data that will be dumped out."""
-        array_data = MelArray._DirectModWriter(sio())
-        if self._prelude:
-            self._prelude.dumpData(record, array_data)

I already wonder how come dumpData does not write headers in line 3 -
cause the definition of _DirectModWriter two lines above does not help
much. All this is past - now functions do one thing - only real
complication is the strings one - the packSub0 (sic) is replaced with
_dump_bytes and package_subrecord_data - was doing too much (actually
data was always encoded (see usages) no need for if checks) and too
little (copy/pasting packSub and buggily at that) TTTTT
- subType -> mel_sig
- I threw slots in but don't feel we should go and slot all subclasses -
this is still WIP
- subrecords attribute removed from MelRecord, making all instances
lighter - more to follow

limits are things like:

MelUInt32('INDX', '').packSub(out, struct_pack(u'=I', part_attr))

although I still find this more readable - would like to absorb the
packing in there. The attr being '' (EEE rename to u'unused') is
just exposing our current model a bit too bluntly: records are *not*
composed of MelBase instances - those just set/dump the attributes of
the records passed in from/to the stream they are passed in. I guess this
was done to save memory and it's probably a good idea - but defining the
records as sets of MelBase instances might also be a good idea - that's
pt4

_MelSimpleStruct(MelStruct) -> _MelSimpleStruct(MelBase) TTT

get rid of quite a few processing - I may have missed some needed override

Mopy/bash/brec/basic_elements.py: avoid concatenating strings

packSub0 call self.packSub TTT

I don't want to copy data so this is XXX but note:

- if data is None: was never (see also rewrite later)
- data was always encoded (see usages) no need for if checks
- comparison was wrong? if lenData < 0xFFFF: is if lenData <= 0xFFFF:
in packSub TTT
- note subheader format is hardcoded

SSS runs! BP crashes EEE

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "bash\gui\events.py", line 166, in _post
    result = listener(*listener_args)
  File "bash\balt.py", line 904, in _conversation_wrapper
    return func(*args, **kwargs)
  File "bash\basher\patcher_dialog.py", line 190, in PatchExecute
    patchFile.init_patchers_data(enabled_patchers, SubProgress(progress, 0, 0.1)) #try to speed this up!
  File "bash\patcher\patch_files.py", line 167, in init_patchers_data
    patcher.initData(SubProgress(progress, index))
  File "bash\patcher\patchers\importers.py", line 707, in initData
    record):
  File "bash\bolt.py", line 902, in __eq__
    return self._cs == Path.__getCase(other)
  File "bash\bolt.py", line 433, in __getCase
    return os.path.normcase(os.path.normpath(name))
  File "C:\Users\MrD\venvs\wrye-wx4-win\lib\ntpath.py", line 419, in normpath
    if path.startswith(('\\\\.\\', '\\\\?\\')):
AttributeError: 'int' object has no attribute 'startswith'

Turns out:

<DABoethiaChosen09 [NPC_:(Oblivion.esm, 0A2AE5)]>

combatStyle = (bolt.Path(u'Oblivion.esm'), 0)

So we were not expecting a long fid?
I chose a bit arcane mel_sig cause sub_rec_sig was too verbose and because
code already thinks in terms of "mod elements". It's searchable and should
be confined to current uses

_MelField/MelStruct._packer

less function calls and more local scope, but importantly stop thinking
in terms of format and think in terms of operations. struct_pack uses are
a nice metric (less is better :P)

FFF skip group

squash!     WIP Subrecords EEE TTT

---
## [lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared](https://github.com/lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared)@[ca8ff95cf6...](https://github.com/lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared/commit/ca8ff95cf677fad05ca29e8ad2e0e84d3ea987b0)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 19:47:07 by Lucio Andrés Illanes Albornoz

{chef,puppet,salt}.sh: FUCK YOU CHEF FUCK YOU PUPPET FUCK YOU SALT

---
## [lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared](https://github.com/lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared)@[47f8f55178...](https://github.com/lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared/commit/47f8f551788cf1444b120513282711d88d183bf0)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 19:47:07 by Lucio Andrés Illanes Albornoz

files: removes obsolete symlink (PS FUCK YOU ANSIBLE.)

---
## [lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared](https://github.com/lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared)@[0ec5345dc7...](https://github.com/lalbornoz/dotfiles_shared/commit/0ec5345dc732debdc7bea15b16bd4709909c6b15)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 19:47:07 by Lucio Andrés Illanes Albornoz

.vim/after/ftplugin/gitcommit.vim: WELL FUCK YOU THEN

---
## [sergioamr/rq](https://github.com/sergioamr/rq)@[4a95b5ad91...](https://github.com/sergioamr/rq/commit/4a95b5ad91861b2d25261146f2ee9869d7100ef7)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 20:22:58 by Sergio A. Mart

Fucking crashes.

It just fucking crashes when it runs job.perform()

If i duplicate the function and call it, job.my_perform()
it works...

WTF

I don't have time to figure out this fucking shit... wtf computer
science.

I cannot trace that part or anything, it just looks like the PC jumpts
into the beggining of the application, wtf is this?, i am back to
writing fucking assembly?

I feel like i just jumped in a time machine to my 18s, writing assembly
crap, fucking up a memory address or someshit...

ARGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

Now i have to figure out this, it cannot go out like this to fucking
production.... or i will just forget that this thing is here, go to
production anyway... and in 6 months, in some critical deployment
everything explodes in our fuckling shitty faces.

shit... fuck...

Signed-off-by: Sergio A. Mart <sergio@engineer.blue>

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[7a099783bd...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/7a099783bd9ce887552c0452d4e119e63b06140e)
#### Saturday 2020-05-09 22:47:56 by Neslon-Poggers

random bullshit

- added meat texture to murkywater cloaker (supports gibbing) now
- fixed irenfist compat, shouldn't spam up the log if you don't have IRENFIST installed
- fixed killfeed incompat
- fixed modifiersmanager crap being shitty and garbage and poopy and doodooey

- jahseh

---

# [<](2020-05-08.md) 2020-05-09 [>](2020-05-10.md)

