# [<](2020-02-21.md) 2020-02-22 [>](2020-02-23.md)

1,470,087 events, 810,928 push events, 1,177,471 commit messages, 72,538,564 characters


## [expo/expo@c596d6cd40...](https://github.com/expo/expo/commit/c596d6cd40320ed4d28c8c12621c36b4038b814e)
##### 2020-02-22 00:26:51 by Tomasz Sapeta

[android][home] 🤖 Add DevMenu on Android (#6829)

# Why

Fixes #6521 

# How

- Created unversioned `DevMenuManager` class which mostly just delegates calls to versioned `DevMenuModule` modules specific for SDK version. These modules are responsible for providing initial props, dev menu options and actions to run when these options are selected. The manager creates a new `ReactRootView` that bases on kernel's (home's) React instance manager and starts `HomeMenu` app which is registered as a second entry point in `home` and then, manager adds this root view to the currently used activity (it must implement `ExperienceActivity`). As I needed to know which experience activity is the current one, I've added `sCurrentActivity` static member to that class and just track it using activity's lifecycle methods.
- Backported `DevMenuModule` to all SDK versions included in the client. Including some changes between them - for example hot and fast reloading.
- Added support for back button and Android's menu press (which can be simulated by `adb shell input keyevent 82`).
- Removed some unused code related to `Nux` and replaced it with new onboarding screen (see #6793).
- Created new `ShakeDetector` which works more like on iOS. The one provided by React Native is annoying in most cases as it actually requires two shakes.
- Updated `ReactAndroidCodeTransformer` to turn off showing React Native dev menu in non-standalone apps.
- **To do after merging:** Rebuild versioned expoviews.

# Test Plan

- [x] Test on experience in debug mode
- [x] Test on experience in production mode
- [x] Test on snacks
- [x] Test on older SDKs
- [x] Test on simulators
- [x] Test that onboarding shows up once you open the experience for the first time or you didn't accept it yet (clicked `Got it` button).
- [x] Test that using dev menu still works once we kill home's activity.

---
## [GuppyLaxx/Skyrat13@731e89f71b...](https://github.com/GuppyLaxx/Skyrat13/commit/731e89f71b825bb5a5fd54175ecfb70f6e983735)
##### 2020-02-22 02:08:10 by Seris02

FUCK SHIT I'M NAKED IS THIS A DREAM OR REAL FUCK FUCK WHERE ARE MY CLOTHES hallucination (#10857)

* FUCK SHIT I'M NAKED IS THIS A DREAM OR REAL FUCK FUCK WHERE ARE MY CLOTHES????

* fix

* no more getflaticon dabdabdabdabdabdabdab

* tada

---
## [almic/VanillaTrees@8480447bf6...](https://github.com/almic/VanillaTrees/commit/8480447bf642d85d65f213661f0254ef5ad55132)
##### 2020-02-22 04:38:17 by almic

Fix deep ocean structure layers

So WorldPainter is cool and doesn't let you set origin points for multiple objects even if they have the same dimensions. Smart, I know.

So, in order to avoid clicking at least 10,000 times over the course of 2+ hours, I spent at least 10 hours and clicked 100,000 times making this stupid little script. My god this literally has taken me 4 days just to add shipwrecks and ruins to the ocean.

Please, someone... anyone... save me from myself.

---
## [stylemistake/tgstation@65485b9c54...](https://github.com/stylemistake/tgstation/commit/65485b9c54e9d2fc269e40502ab929888cdb2db3)
##### 2020-02-22 04:59:26 by ArcaneMusic

Adds a new Tech to the B.E.P.I.S., Specialized Engineering, and a new Minor Reward. (#48507)

About The Pull Request

Round 2.
image
Adds a new tech to be unlocked within the B.E.P.I.S.'s major techs, called "Specialized Engineering". Within that tech are 2 new items, Heat Resistant Rods, and the Tinker's Gloves, as well as a new minor tech, the Survival Pen.
Heat Resistant Rods:
Have you ever wanted to expand Lavaland Base? Build a lava fortress worthy of your magnificence? Well, now you can! Using Heat Resistant Rods, you can make a catwalk to cross lava tiles, as well as build atop lava, without messy methods like using the RCD!
Tinker's Gloves:
This just in engineers, insulated gloves have new competition in town! The Tinker's gloves are complicated, overdesigned gloves that, while not very shockproof, allow for faster wall girder construction. No longer will you need to die of old age walling off an area when you're out of RCD ammo! Warning: This product contains no likeness to clockwork gauntlets used by the extinct cult of Rat'Var, and any such similarity is by no means intentional.

Survival Pen:
Have you ever been stuck on lavaland, trapped by your survival pod with just a few chairs, some titanium walls, and walls of ash closing in on you? Well THANK GOD you have your Rockbreaker brand Survival Pen! Allows for basic mining operations, and is portable like a standard pen!
BUT WAIT!
A watcher blocks your path. Thankfully, your expensive, diamond encrusted pen isn't just good for being the world's slowest pickaxe, it's ALSO coated in the one thing watchers crave: DIAMONDS. Toss the pen to draw the watcher's attention elsewhere.
Why It's Good For The Game

Starts to fill our B.E.P.I.S. Major Reward Techs, as intended, and fills a niche that doesn't get much play nowadays: Building on Lavaland. This was something I've had in the back of my mind since we did the first tests of the Disaster gamemode a few months ago, so each item here was made with the intention of improving the mining base should the station become un-livable. Lava-Proof Rods are beneficial in that you'll be able to cross and build over lava by the mid-end of the shift. RCDs still work as usual, but this way you won't have to worry about getting specialized engineering equipment as a member of cargo or science. The tinker's gloves are basically a variant of the nitrile gloves, but they grant a speed bonus to adding plating to metal girders, so that some kind of functional alternative to giving every engineer insulated gloves.
Survival Pens are quite honestly very niche, but getting dumb pens with extra functionality is a tradition of trade shows all over the world, so it feels right at home as a minor reward.

Also, does a tiny change to the doe sprites, just to look a little bit less old.
Changelog

cl
add: A new Technology has been implemented as a major reward in the B.E.P.I.S., Specialized Engineering, to appeal to engineering utility and new construction horizons.
tweak: Watchers will now actively consume diamond ore left lying around, alongside the new survival pens.
/cl

---
## [sokratis12GR/ArmorPlus@8c3541867d...](https://github.com/sokratis12GR/ArmorPlus/commit/8c3541867d8a31774bb4117094c8f25d10e41b01)
##### 2020-02-22 12:17:44 by Sokratis Fotkatzikis

ArmorPlus 1.12.2-11.26.3.67 & 1.12.2-11.26.2.66

**\[LAST UPDATE FOR 1.12.2, unless there are issues that need to be resolved! Report Issues Here: [https://github.com/sokratis12GR/ArmorPlus](Issues)\]**

**QUICK FIX**
* Tinkers' Construct Integration
  - Added Trails for each of the tier 3 materials
    - Guardian: Aquadynamic, Alien, Depthdigger
    - Super Star: Aridiculous, Alien, Hellish
    - Ender Dragon: Enderference, Alien, Cold-Blooded 
  - Added 3 config options that allow you to disable/enable each material individually (guardian scale, wither bone, ender dragon scale).

* Fixed Craft Tweaker's (Remove) function.
  - To remove items like crafting a Steel Ingot, you will need to remove its recipes twice.. (you remove each recipe it has individually)
     - Steel Ingot has 2 recipes, one for its block recipe and one for itself.
     
* Infused Lava Pickaxe no longer uses the Lava Infuser's infusing registry.
  - Added the following blocks to the forbidden from smelting list: Sponge, Wet Sponge, Obsidian
  - Added a config entry for the forbidden list.

---
## [Akemi/mpv@0b35b4c917...](https://github.com/Akemi/mpv/commit/0b35b4c91796fb020e13d955efd450021eb5eedb)
##### 2020-02-22 12:59:00 by wm4

sub: make filter_sdh a "proper" filter, allow runtime changes

Until now, filter_sdh was simply a function that was called by sd_ass
directly (if enabled).

I want to add another filter, so it's time to turn this into a somewhat
more general subtitle filtering infrastructure.

I pondered whether to reuse the audio/video filtering stuff - but better
not. Also, since subtitles are horrible and tend to refuse proper
abstraction, it's still messed into sd_ass, instead of working on the
dec_sub.c level. Actually mpv used to have subtitle "filters" and even
made subtitle converters part of it, but it was fairly horrible, so
don't do that again.

In addition, make runtime changes possible. Since this was supposed to
be a quick hack, I just decided to put all subtitle filter options into
a separate option group (=> simpler change notification), to manually
push the change through the playloop (like it was sort of before for OSD
options), and to recreate the sub filter chain completely in every
change. Should be good enough.

One strangeness is that due to prefetching and such, most subtitle
packets (or those some time ahead) are actually done filtering when we
change, so the user still needs to manually seek to actually refresh
everything. And since subtitle data is usually cached in ASS_Track (for
other terrible but user-friendly reasons), we also must clear the
subtitle data, but of course only on seek, since otherwise all subtitles
would just disappear. What a fucking mess, but such is life. We could
trigger a "refresh seek" to make this more automatic, but I don't feel
like it currently.

This is slightly inefficient (lots of allocations and copying), but I
decided that it doesn't matter. Could matter slightly for crazy ASS
subtitles that render with thousands of events.

Not very well tested. Still seems to work, but I didn't have many test
cases.

---
## [Akemi/mpv@7d11eda72e...](https://github.com/Akemi/mpv/commit/7d11eda72e90d7aa9df25127bd810aa7b191029c)
##### 2020-02-22 12:59:00 by wm4

Remove remains of Libav compatibility

Libav seems rather dead: no release for 2 years, no new git commits in
master for almost a year (with one exception ~6 months ago). From what I
can tell, some developers resigned themselves to the horrifying idea to
post patches to ffmpeg-devel instead, while the rest of the developers
went on to greener pastures.

Libav was a better project than FFmpeg. Unfortunately, FFmpeg won,
because it managed to keep the name and website. Libav was pushed more
and more into obscurity: while there was initially a big push for Libav,
FFmpeg just remained "in place" and visible for most people. FFmpeg was
slowly draining all manpower and energy from Libav. A big part of this
was that FFmpeg stole code from Libav (regular merges of the entire
Libav git tree), making it some sort of Frankenstein mirror of Libav,
think decaying zombie with additional legs ("features") nailed to it.
"Stealing" surely is the wrong word; I'm just aping the language that
some of the FFmpeg members used to use. All that is in the past now, I'm
probably the only person left who is annoyed by this, and with this
commit I'm putting this decade long problem finally to an end. I just
thought I'd express my annoyance about this fucking shitshow one last
time.

The most intrusive change in this commit is the resample filter, which
originally used libavresample. Since the FFmpeg developer refused to
enable libavresample by default for drama reasons, and the API was
slightly different, so the filter used some big preprocessor mess to
make it compatible to libswresample. All that falls away now. The
simplification to the build system is also significant.

---
## [minlexx/android_kernel_xiaomi_lavender@6aee4badd8...](https://github.com/minlexx/android_kernel_xiaomi_lavender/commit/6aee4badd8126f3a2b6d31c5e2db2439d316374f)
##### 2020-02-22 13:33:36 by Linus Torvalds

Merge branch 'work.openat2' of git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/viro/vfs

Pull openat2 support from Al Viro:
 "This is the openat2() series from Aleksa Sarai.

  I'm afraid that the rest of namei stuff will have to wait - it got
  zero review the last time I'd posted #work.namei, and there had been a
  leak in the posted series I'd caught only last weekend. I was going to
  repost it on Monday, but the window opened and the odds of getting any
  review during that... Oh, well.

  Anyway, openat2 part should be ready; that _did_ get sane amount of
  review and public testing, so here it comes"

From Aleksa's description of the series:
 "For a very long time, extending openat(2) with new features has been
  incredibly frustrating. This stems from the fact that openat(2) is
  possibly the most famous counter-example to the mantra "don't silently
  accept garbage from userspace" -- it doesn't check whether unknown
  flags are present[1].

  This means that (generally) the addition of new flags to openat(2) has
  been fraught with backwards-compatibility issues (O_TMPFILE has to be
  defined as __O_TMPFILE|O_DIRECTORY|[O_RDWR or O_WRONLY] to ensure old
  kernels gave errors, since it's insecure to silently ignore the
  flag[2]). All new security-related flags therefore have a tough road
  to being added to openat(2).

  Furthermore, the need for some sort of control over VFS's path
  resolution (to avoid malicious paths resulting in inadvertent
  breakouts) has been a very long-standing desire of many userspace
  applications.

  This patchset is a revival of Al Viro's old AT_NO_JUMPS[3] patchset
  (which was a variant of David Drysdale's O_BENEATH patchset[4] which
  was a spin-off of the Capsicum project[5]) with a few additions and
  changes made based on the previous discussion within [6] as well as
  others I felt were useful.

  In line with the conclusions of the original discussion of
  AT_NO_JUMPS, the flag has been split up into separate flags. However,
  instead of being an openat(2) flag it is provided through a new
  syscall openat2(2) which provides several other improvements to the
  openat(2) interface (see the patch description for more details). The
  following new LOOKUP_* flags are added:

  LOOKUP_NO_XDEV:

     Blocks all mountpoint crossings (upwards, downwards, or through
     absolute links). Absolute pathnames alone in openat(2) do not
     trigger this. Magic-link traversal which implies a vfsmount jump is
     also blocked (though magic-link jumps on the same vfsmount are
     permitted).

  LOOKUP_NO_MAGICLINKS:

     Blocks resolution through /proc/$pid/fd-style links. This is done
     by blocking the usage of nd_jump_link() during resolution in a
     filesystem. The term "magic-links" is used to match with the only
     reference to these links in Documentation/, but I'm happy to change
     the name.

     It should be noted that this is different to the scope of
     ~LOOKUP_FOLLOW in that it applies to all path components. However,
     you can do openat2(NO_FOLLOW|NO_MAGICLINKS) on a magic-link and it
     will *not* fail (assuming that no parent component was a
     magic-link), and you will have an fd for the magic-link.

     In order to correctly detect magic-links, the introduction of a new
     LOOKUP_MAGICLINK_JUMPED state flag was required.

  LOOKUP_BENEATH:

     Disallows escapes to outside the starting dirfd's
     tree, using techniques such as ".." or absolute links. Absolute
     paths in openat(2) are also disallowed.

     Conceptually this flag is to ensure you "stay below" a certain
     point in the filesystem tree -- but this requires some additional
     to protect against various races that would allow escape using
     "..".

     Currently LOOKUP_BENEATH implies LOOKUP_NO_MAGICLINKS, because it
     can trivially beam you around the filesystem (breaking the
     protection). In future, there might be similar safety checks done
     as in LOOKUP_IN_ROOT, but that requires more discussion.

  In addition, two new flags are added that expand on the above ideas:

  LOOKUP_NO_SYMLINKS:

     Does what it says on the tin. No symlink resolution is allowed at
     all, including magic-links. Just as with LOOKUP_NO_MAGICLINKS this
     can still be used with NOFOLLOW to open an fd for the symlink as
     long as no parent path had a symlink component.

  LOOKUP_IN_ROOT:

     This is an extension of LOOKUP_BENEATH that, rather than blocking
     attempts to move past the root, forces all such movements to be
     scoped to the starting point. This provides chroot(2)-like
     protection but without the cost of a chroot(2) for each filesystem
     operation, as well as being safe against race attacks that
     chroot(2) is not.

     If a race is detected (as with LOOKUP_BENEATH) then an error is
     generated, and similar to LOOKUP_BENEATH it is not permitted to
     cross magic-links with LOOKUP_IN_ROOT.

     The primary need for this is from container runtimes, which
     currently need to do symlink scoping in userspace[7] when opening
     paths in a potentially malicious container.

     There is a long list of CVEs that could have bene mitigated by
     having RESOLVE_THIS_ROOT (such as CVE-2017-1002101,
     CVE-2017-1002102, CVE-2018-15664, and CVE-2019-5736, just to name a
     few).

  In order to make all of the above more usable, I'm working on
  libpathrs[8] which is a C-friendly library for safe path resolution.
  It features a userspace-emulated backend if the kernel doesn't support
  openat2(2). Hopefully we can get userspace to switch to using it, and
  thus get openat2(2) support for free once it's ready.

  Future work would include implementing things like
  RESOLVE_NO_AUTOMOUNT and possibly a RESOLVE_NO_REMOTE (to allow
  programs to be sure they don't hit DoSes though stale NFS handles)"

* 'work.openat2' of git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/viro/vfs:
  Documentation: path-lookup: include new LOOKUP flags
  selftests: add openat2(2) selftests
  open: introduce openat2(2) syscall
  namei: LOOKUP_{IN_ROOT,BENEATH}: permit limited ".." resolution
  namei: LOOKUP_IN_ROOT: chroot-like scoped resolution
  namei: LOOKUP_BENEATH: O_BENEATH-like scoped resolution
  namei: LOOKUP_NO_XDEV: block mountpoint crossing
  namei: LOOKUP_NO_MAGICLINKS: block magic-link resolution
  namei: LOOKUP_NO_SYMLINKS: block symlink resolution
  namei: allow set_root() to produce errors
  namei: allow nd_jump_link() to produce errors
  nsfs: clean-up ns_get_path() signature to return int
  namei: only return -ECHILD from follow_dotdot_rcu()

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@934dde606f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/934dde606fbb81c41e8fecf513af06df7656518b)
##### 2020-02-22 17:55:11 by Marko Grdinić

""9:20am. I am up. Let me chill for a while and then I will start.

https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammingLanguages/comments/f7cp5k/conor_mcbride_type_inference_needs_revolution/

Maybe I'll try watching this as well.

9:30am. https://mangadex.org/title/26399/tobaku-datenroku-kaiji-24-oku-dasshutsu-hen

Oh, lol. The stuff in the latest chapters is way beyond what I expected. God tier writing as usual. Every arc in Kaiji is the best arc.

10:45am. Ah, I started arguing on /sci/ and wasted my time. Yes, non-constructive math put deep scars on my soul and now I cannot help myself but to get in random math foundation fights. I'll try to do better next time.

But I might as well take a real break here since it has come to that.

12:20pm. 10m more and then I'll do the chores. Then I'll resume.

Actually, let me give the talk by Conor a try. I'll leave the Toji game for later.

1:10pm. Done with chores. Let me finally start this shit. I do not really like the talk, between the poor audio quality and the awkward delivery, I have better things to do. Maybe I'll watch it at some later point if I feel like it.

Now...I have a couple of good hours ahead of me. Let me focus on the book. Here things finally start getting real.

1:20pm. 106/558. The first order of business is to open a project. I want to give making those work items a try.

1:25pm. I am confused. I opened a new project, but for some reason the Team Explorer is connected to the old one. What the hell?

1:35pm. Well, nevermind that. I'll just use the existing bare bones project since that is what book is doing. I've figured out how to use the backlog as well.

1:45pm. I am really getting distracted by my own thoughs. Let me go to the next step.

2:20pm. 115/558. I am making slow progress, but my focus is starting to deepen. Yesterday was a snoozefest, and now I am finally starting to get into the mood again. There are a bunch of differences between the newest VS version that I have and the screenshots in the book, but it is quite similar apart from that.

2:30pm. "This meant that every application was tied to be hosted as a web application. ASP.NET Core 2.1 introduced the generic host, which allows for applications that do not necessarily have to process web-based HTTP requests"

This is something I will definitely have to study, and no doubt the book will cover it.

3:10pm. 119/558. I am making very slow progress through this book. But I do not find it tedious in the usual sense. Rather as I read this, I am thinking about Spiral, and how I would do this in that language.

```
inl (A:B:C:) = A + B + C
```

I think it really might be a good idea to allow this kind of syntax. It might improve the readability of the language.

I was looking forward to it back in v0.1 with objects, but it might be possible to use it with modules as well.

3:15pm. ASP.NET is all about DSL building from small pieces. I am thinking to the situation where I have large libraries whose functions have many arguments. I want to grab some benefits from Smalltalk.

Just like with union types, I can go further here. Without a doubt, I am going to make v0.2 the best version of Spiral yet.

3:35pm. 121/558. Do I have to necessarily use the MVC layout page, or will the Razor one do?

Also the screenshot shows the `wwwroot` folder, but I haven't received any instructions to actually create it. I guess I'll leave it for later.

3:45pm. 124/558. I am just following instructions without really understanding what they do, so this chapter is not too motivated, but I'll practice this craft. The closest I've come to think kind of programming are GUIs back in 2016.

3:50pm. There is no going through this quickly. I am in a pleasant mindset, so I'll go through this slow as I am now. My focus is not too high, and I am getting lost in daydreams, but I am not particularly bored.

4pm. 126/558. Let me take a break here. I think I will put in some overtime today since things are going to slowly, but aren't too tedious.""

---
## [newstools/2020-the-citizen@f4f208384a...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-citizen/commit/f4f208384a2f386d6e9057544ed2d0f58d809f42)
##### 2020-02-22 18:52:31 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [citizen.co.za/news/south-africa/social-media/2245284/i-hate-people-who-are-eff-at-heart-amongst-us-boy-mamabolo/]

---
## [BanditTech/WingmanReloaded@8d139b2849...](https://github.com/BanditTech/WingmanReloaded/commit/8d139b28495f42aa8a23d13c304d07fcc76dcd97)
##### 2020-02-22 20:52:47 by BanditTech

Merge pull request #145 from BanditTech/Alpha

Release Notes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version .10.00 February/16/2020

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------Script files have been moved---------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------Update Will Require re-install and copy old settings-------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This major version brings with it several new additions to the scripts function
Look at the patch notes for full details on each change
Settings to note:

New options for Utilities which now has up to 10 slots!
    Can now trigger abilities based on Mana threshold
    Trigger with Primary or secondary attack
    Trigger with buff icon being present

New Priced Rares stash tab for items with predicted value above minimum

New options in Item Parse Settings (Inventory) to choose the Price Rares value point
    Choose between Off, Low, Avg, or High
    Then select the percentage of that price point to evaluate with

New Dump Stash tab option for any left over items after stashing
    option to auto enable dump tab while in Aspirant's trial
    option to skip jewelers and chromatics when dumping

New option for crafting tab to filter by minimum item level

New option in Automation (Inventory)
    Auto Fill metamorph while in field
    The selected area is the entire left panel of the metamorph window
        Top left of Brains to bottom right of Livers
        Outside edge is the border surrounding where you select the organs
    I scaled them by default, but you can adjust if its not correct

Adjust Globes GUI now displays Current Life, ES, and Mana %
    This updates in real time to allow making changes
    There is now a colorpicker on the right, load colors into it or copy from it
    See patchnotes for full details of new Globe Settings usage

Globe positions are now scaled by default
    I would still recommend you double check these are correct

Steam and 64 bit options removed from GUI, as detecting exe is now fully automated

New delve openables string has been added to Loot Vacuum
    Opens all the different types of containers in delve darkness
    For anyone using non-1080 height, you will need to gather these captures

Improvements to the way the script loads, as well as how it will update
    You can now skip the update prompt without hanging the script
    There is now an option to use the Alpha branch as update source
        Use this with caution (This should be considered very unstable branch)
    Default branch is Master

New options to choose if and how often it will check for script updates
    The script will check for updates while the game is not found open
    Choose a timescale and interval to enable this option

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Patch Notes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Version .10.00 February/16/2020
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Save Files for the script are now all located in "save" folder
    If you want to migrate an old versions settings, you will need to move them
    This allows for users to easily understand which files are their settings
    I also cleared the main script folder of extrenuous files, just the main script
        Files required for the script are now located in data folder

Files you will need to move into the save folder:
    Settings.ini                  -->           /save/Settings.ini
    Profiles.ini                  -->           /save/Profiles.ini
    /data/Globe.json              -->           /save/Globe.json
    /data/LootFilter.json         -->           /save/LootFilter.json
    /data/LootFilterTabs.json     -->           /save/LootFilterTabs.json
    /data/Lootfilter.ini          -->           /save/Lootfilter.ini
    /data/IgnoredSlot.json        -->           /save/IgnoredSlot.json

New option to check for updates while the game is closed
    Configure the time scale, then the interval to automatically check for script updates
    Choose between Off, Days, Hours, or Minutes
        Choosing Off will disable automatically checking for updates
    Set the interval that you would like it to wait before checking
        Setting the interval to 0 will turn off checking for updates

Adjust Globes GUI now displays Current Life, ES, and Mana %
    MsgBox popups have been replaced with Notify panels
        The information is still copied to the clipboard for use
    There is now a colorpicker on the right
    Click any of the different areas "Colorbox" to load that color to the picker
    Use the Copy button get the current color, then paste into one of the color edit fields
    To get an average of colors, use the Coord button and select an area
        While active it will update the color picker to the mouse cursor
        This will take some time for large areas
        Once you are done paste into one of the color edit fields
    Reset button now reloads the values that were last loaded
        If you have saved settings, it will reset to the last loaded values
        If you have not saved to JSON it will load default scaled values

Game window is now bound when detected for further captures
    Logout and logic actions will happen while the game is in the background

A method of Pausing PoE-TradeMacro from parsing clipboard has been implimented
    Right click TradeMacro tray icon, > Edit Files > Custom Macros Example
    Copy the changes from the included txt file into your open editor, then save
    Essentially it adds a way for Wingman to send a message for it to pause

The script can now use predictive pricing from the PoEPrices.info API
    To enable this feature, select a pricepoint then the percentage of that price
    It defaults to 100 percent (the estimated values themselves)
    To enable using Predictive price while stashing, select the tab and tick the box
    The Item Info hotkey will now display the price and affixes influencing price
        they will appear inside the Prop list under PredictPrice and PredictPriceInfo
    It will save a copy of the results to an array
        Multiple queries to the same item will used Cached result
        Array is started fresh every script start

Loot vacuum has been improved with new openables list
    This is enabled only while in delve, and contains the items you find in the darkness
    If you are resampling these for another resolution:
        Copy the entire string to a document
        Follow the same naming pattern when making your sample, replace 1080 with your height
        If you want to have it become default option, submit your string and I can add to list

Utilities have been improved - new settings
    Can now support inversed Buff detection, will fire when buff is Found
    Can now use Mana as a triggered threshold
    Can now trigger utilities when pressing Primary or Secondary attack

Gamestates has been improved to allow for the game to be in the background
    tooltip no longer flickers because it will only update when there are changes
    OHB detection is now shown in the gamestates
    Colors of the display have been changed
        When everything shows green its all clear
        when anything is lit up red it will pause the script

Crafting tab has new option for filtering by item level
    Check the box to filter by ilvl, then set the minimum ilvl to stash

Globe scan areas are now scaled based on resolution
    it is still recommended to adjust these to ensure they work as expected

Bugfix for bulk vendor of flasks
    If the flask has been augmented it will use its actual quality value
    This is because quality 20 flasks only vendor on their own if not augmented
    This function still needs some more attention, not sure why random miscounts

Built new classes for use with the script
    PixelStatus is a simple class for managing pixel locations on the screen
    PanelManager is a wrapper class for groups of PixelStatus
        This class is a rewrite of the GuiStatus function
    ColorPicker is a class for inserting a new Color Picker GUI into windows
        This manages a group of Progress_Slider and associated text fields / buttons
    Progress_Slider was written by HellBent on the AHK forums, modified for my use

CLF menu adjusted to space the groups better

Hoard added to openable containers

Bugfix for PoE.Ninja json data being parsed incorrectly

Bugfix for Incubator items not being able to be sorted by the CLF

DC no longer requires to choose type of executable, it will auto find the active game
    If it cannot find the active game, it will attempt to dc every known process name

Autoupdate will no longer hang the script if you decide to close the window
    This will allow you to leave auto updates on, but skip the update by pressing esc

---
## [junebug12851/pokered-save-editor-2@3e9e367a3c...](https://github.com/junebug12851/pokered-save-editor-2/commit/3e9e367a3c66d31393b2cf239b6cfe446b92ad68)
##### 2020-02-22 23:27:06 by June Hanabi

Did a lot of cleaning up, I'm so tired of Qt and QML, an old issue that took me nearly an hour to fix has been re-introduced. Have to figure that out again. There's also naother stupid qml bug that I refuse to fix, the ListView and MVC is the most fragile thing I've ever encountered in my life. It's an annoying and more rare bug, I'ml eaving it, most may nto even notice it and it's only a bit annoying.

---

# [<](2020-02-21.md) 2020-02-22 [>](2020-02-23.md)

