# [<](2020-08-30.md) 2020-08-31 [>](2020-09-01.md)

2,702,649 events, 1,402,744 push events, 2,106,348 commit messages, 162,538,825 characters


## [Sebanisu/OpenVIII_CPP_WIP](https://github.com/Sebanisu/OpenVIII_CPP_WIP)@[c4cf4d39d1...](https://github.com/Sebanisu/OpenVIII_CPP_WIP/commit/c4cf4d39d172493b55ad113aff030e128ca829d3)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 03:10:29 by Sebanisu

added a std::variant alternative

you can't really choose an archive at runtime with a no constexpr value. So these new functions will let you grab a std::varient of the possible archive types. It's probably not something I'd want to use in the day to day. I'm mostly trying to think how to use my search results...
atleast the search results are fast. Just running code on everything seemed slow.

I'll probably see about maybe making a copy of my search function and using some kinda function pointer. or getting a tuple of the file buffer out of the results so i can do something with it. I cannot really do anything with the number because I need to reload the archive and pass the number to it to get the fi and then request the buffer using the fi. AHHH. :P

Though I could use the filename maybe Though that would be silly And I'd still need to know which file archive the file is in. So I'd rather get a buffer and a filename as a bare minumum so i can run code.

Though I also don't want to store all those buffers in ram. So I think it's better to pass a lamda or a function pointer to the archive and have it execute the code on the buffer and then return the results in a... I donno.

---
## [SkylabCoders/skylab-bootcamp-202007](https://github.com/SkylabCoders/skylab-bootcamp-202007)@[f32ed358ac...](https://github.com/SkylabCoders/skylab-bootcamp-202007/commit/f32ed358ac880dcc1ee1c22eacd31360305b4b66)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 07:09:32 by Gerard Ramon

Merge branch 'master' of https://github.com/SkylabCoders/skylab-bootcamp-202007

fuck you

---
## [impie66/McRave](https://github.com/impie66/McRave)@[2ae1bd2daf...](https://github.com/impie66/McRave/commit/2ae1bd2daf4a82d3abdf350ad705a2ab26d43bda)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 12:32:57 by impie66

First official McRave fork! :danface:

Fuck you BR tags.

---
## [Project-Fluid/frameworks_base](https://github.com/Project-Fluid/frameworks_base)@[f28addac4f...](https://github.com/Project-Fluid/frameworks_base/commit/f28addac4f884696fac51ed72e62cf21926f4648)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 13:20:28 by Luca Stefani

base: Replace GWallpapers with ThemePicker [4/4]

Google Wallpapers really isnt modding friendly, unlike its brother, the android themepicker, so tell it to fuck off

@ender1324:
- Partially revert "pixelization" commits
- Includes privapps permissions from LineageOS

Signed-off-by: ender1324 <ender1324@abv.bg>

---
## [curtGr33n/UniversallyChallenged](https://github.com/curtGr33n/UniversallyChallenged)@[4ffdefca5a...](https://github.com/curtGr33n/UniversallyChallenged/commit/4ffdefca5a8c4d50d1f1c38fc9b59e484f60e76c)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 13:28:51 by Johann Steininger

major discovery in structuring the back end, this is crazy idk what to say im so disappointed in javascript but this makes life insanely easier. auto incrementing page numbers working, lots of comments left there because i want curtis to understand how sad i am since he was there earlier tonight but will delete in next commit.

---
## [smaecrof/Python-Playground](https://github.com/smaecrof/Python-Playground)@[73ad5662df...](https://github.com/smaecrof/Python-Playground/commit/73ad5662dff605bc030097bfcc534dd8ebaafc87)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 14:30:17 by smaecrof

Working with Python List Operations

It's amazing how much simpler list operations are with python than a
lower level language such as Java or C++. It is also interesting to
think about how much easier ideas I have in my head can be converted
into code with relative ease. Sometimes when the languages are more
technical (Less user friendly) I seem to have more trouble accomplishing
"exactly" what I intended on building. This is an issue of not only
skill but also a issue of translating ideas in our head into code
itself which is also an issue software designers have dealt with since
the beginning. I wonder how much better higher and higher level
languages will get at helping developers write the types of applications
that they truly want rather than simply the applications they can
construct with the tools they have... I am currently reading an
engineering book on this exact topic which is why I find myself
pondering this question before 9am.

08/31/2020

---
## [mbruhyo/cron](https://github.com/mbruhyo/cron)@[60d4e0d0d9...](https://github.com/mbruhyo/cron/commit/60d4e0d0d989c3225d75d5a02d7e3c12360921e6)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 15:15:13 by root

i kinda hate myself but this is better at the same time

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d8a7ce84d2...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d8a7ce84d21abae47dcc1c5124f7f5514c0cfa07)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 15:53:33 by Marko Grdinić

"3:40pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/reinforcementlearning/comments/ihu34l/impact_of_go_ai_on_the_professional_go_world/g35qxb8?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3

The Magnus Carlsen posts are pretty interesting.

4:15pm. Enough wasting time. Let me do the review for a bit.

///

At the time of writing, I've just finished putting in prototypes (typeclasses) and the typechecking stage is 95% complete. It is integrated with editor support, and hover works. What is left to do is testing, and some minor features that will be easy to put in. Things are going really great. My ETA until [Spiral v0.2](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/tree/v0.2) is in a usable state is two months. The work I've done in the past month was novel to me - I've never implemented top-down type checking before. All the code had to be done from scratch, while the passes that are left I have deep familiarity with, so they won't give me much trouble.

Since dreams get adjusted in the face of reality, I had to leave out various features I had originally envisioned such as multi argument constraints and higher ranked types. GADTs are likewise out as they would play poorly with the later phases. GADTs in particular would be easy to implement in the partial evaluator, but despite that even if I had decided to go through significant difficulties of implementing them in the top-down segment, the kind of code resulting from that would not be a straightforward match to the bottom-up segment. So they are out - what Spiral has now is what it will have from here on out.

I had to brainstorm quite a lot on the design. For example, I really wanted named tensor dimensions and spent a long time thinking how to fit them into the top-down segment. For a long time I've been convinced that I would need multi argument constraints, but eventually I figured out how to do them without which was a significant relief. It would have been really difficult to do multi arg constraints within the confines of the current design.

The two libraries I am using to do editor support, NetMQ and Hopac are really proving their worth. Without the concurrency primitives afforded by them the task would be much harder. I spent a long time studying them and that effort is paying off now. More than just editor support for a language, having an understanding of them significantly increases the range of useful programs I can write and the exercise in concurrency will no doubt be good preparation for when I get my hands on the [neurochips](https://cacm.acm.org/magazines/2020/8/246356-neuromorphic-chips-take-shape/fulltext) I am coveting. [Future hardware](https://www.080910t.com/downloads/AI%20Chip%202018%20 EN.pdf) is what I am casting my net for. Thanks to the novel programming staged functional style enabled by Spiral, I am unusually well suited for taking advantage of all such developments.

I am looking forward to it. Being able to use Spiral like a real language will close the productivity gap that chased me away from v0.09 and I will be able to use my real power regardless of the domain.

Some people think that the hardware that is going to come will be a huge change in terms of programming requirements, but I am not convinced. Whatever distributed programming challenges there are in using neurochips, it is very unlikely than any of that will be harder than communicating over the Internet. Concurrency is not a new thing in the programming world.

What is really important that I operate at my peak capacity. No matter what, I do not want to give up that feeling. In terms of (top-down) type system features, Spiral does not stand out at all - though it a very capable functional programming language. It cannot compete with Haskell or Scala when it comes to type systems. Rather, what it allows functional programmers is for them to stick to their principles. The best Assembly programmer in the world would at most be as good as a mediocre C programmer. The relationship is similar between best C programmers and mediocre functional programmers.

Since I want to be good overall, it is important can exhibit what makes me good when writing things like GPU kernels. It is important that when doing a ML library, I have seamless integration between all the pieces of hardware. It is important to me to be able to do functional programming even in domains where GC is not an option. It is important to me that the C segments do not become a bottleneck and that I do not waste my time writing wrappers. It is important to me that I bring out the full composability of the underlying design. I know for a fact that this cannot be done in F# or Haskell or Scala.

It has to be a design like Spiral's. The user of the language has to have a notion of what the partial evaluator is doing under the hood. The language has to have join points as they are the best way of getting a grip on such a system, they are what makes partial evaluation composable. They are the bottom-up equivalent of top-down type annotations.

A language which allows reliable and accurate control over inlining is the one that can smoothly handle the trade off between heap allocation and code size.

Right now, it is too late for me to revolutionize GPU computing as it is too mature. Had Spiral v0.2 been mature in 2010 it might have made significant impact in that domain, but I am going to show just how big of an advantage not needing to drop to the C level really is on this next batch of hardware. There is actually a huge cost in both time and effort needed to make high quality ML libraries, and I am going to cut those costs down to but a fraction. After that I am going to do what I tried in 2018, except much better.

///

5:35pm. I think this will do. Let me go with this. When the thread come up in a day or two I'll post this.

Now I am done for the day.

Tomorrow, what is waiting for me is testing. I will finally get the chance to try all of this for real. Honestly, I am so happy now it almost feels like a reward. I'll finally be able to program in Spiral v0.2. This is the language with which I will eat the universe. Conquering the world is not enough.

5:40pm. Tomorrow will be a small echo of the future when will be doing the kind of programming I wanted to for real.

2018 was just not enough. It was not enough to satisfy me.

In 2021 I will get my chance again. This time I will play it extemely cheap. Rather than tossing away known advantages in order to build my skills, I will just cheese my way through using ensembles. There is no need to think too hard about credit assignment. I'll play it like a god and just weight the probabilities accordingly.

5:45pm. Damn it, I really want it. I am finally getting into it for real. I wrote this all this type inference code, but hadn't had the chance to use it yet. I want a bigger bite of that. Right now the memory of putting a cursor over a number and seeing it say `i32` is just the sweetest thing in the world.

Just how much did I have to suffer and learn to be able to get this simple thing. These new skills I've acquired in 2020, you can bet I will be taking advantage of them in spades.

5:50pm. Ahhh, the Singularity...I keep searching for it, but maybe the truth is that I am in the middle of it. I mean, rare amongst humans I can see that all the good ways of getting real life superpowers involve identity grinding bullshit. You either integrate with the machines with sheer force of will and detemination, or you stand on the sidelines with the rest of the non-programming characters. They have almost complete overlap with NPCs.

Whatever misgivings I might have and whatever mistakes I have made, the moto of 'anything for omnipotence' directs my effort towards the black maw that is the future."

---
## [olav35/OpenBaSeD](https://github.com/olav35/OpenBaSeD)@[14b7cae6b3...](https://github.com/olav35/OpenBaSeD/commit/14b7cae6b34014c2ee8ed46dfeb3a2c52fb4e6cd)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 18:06:43 by Olav Fosse

Add some aliases

Damn I can't be bothered to write proper commit messages after I just lost half
an hour worth of them. I described the reasoning of the change, the  intended
workflow, spent a lot of time rewriting it to be well readable and even made
footnotes with references. Then when I :wq I get

hint: Waiting
for your editor to close the file... error: There was a problem with the editor
'vi'.
Please supply the message using either -m or -F option.

in return. I suppose that is what I get for using VI, thanks Saint IGNUcius. To
be fair Emacs has a godawful backup system that pollutes every god damn
directory with backup files. Right now having that in place wouldn't be so bad.
Well, well. This is not my first time losing data and certainly not the last. I
thought vim + git wouldn't fail on me like that, but what do you know. I should
start employing the good old regular copy paste to TextEdit.app for longer git
messages too.

If anyone by any chance is reading this I thought it'd be worth mentioning that
the message I spent half an hour wasn't for this commit. I just felt like
ranting and suddenly had a textfield to do it in.

Thanks for reading my blog

---
## [Prodigy-Hacking/ProdigyMathGameHacking](https://github.com/Prodigy-Hacking/ProdigyMathGameHacking)@[cdb791206e...](https://github.com/Prodigy-Hacking/ProdigyMathGameHacking/commit/cdb791206e2d02918f0e3803049121d8fe58f2b4)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 18:16:50 by Mustan Pathetic

fuck you typescript I don't wanna do your stupid types

---
## [MumuNiMochii/Web_Dev](https://github.com/MumuNiMochii/Web_Dev)@[33c435d8e5...](https://github.com/MumuNiMochii/Web_Dev/commit/33c435d8e562a4efa34208eecf2c6f972c083776)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 20:52:17 by MumuNiMochii

A basic periodic table

The original was made during July 13, 2020, and this version was made this 1st day of September, year 2020.
- I want a personally-developed, fully-functioning periodic table with just HTML, CSS, and Javascript,  hence I made this, however I still lack experience when it comes to Javascript so yeah

---
## [ayanm09/kernel_realme_RMX1921](https://github.com/ayanm09/kernel_realme_RMX1921)@[39f8931831...](https://github.com/ayanm09/kernel_realme_RMX1921/commit/39f8931831c0ec65810d721b5db0a3541afd053b)
#### Monday 2020-08-31 21:47:54 by Nathan Chancellor

Merge 4.9.233 into kernel.lnx.4.9.r25-rel

Changes in 4.9.233: (211 commits)
        xfs: catch inode allocation state mismatch corruption
        xfs: validate cached inodes are free when allocated
        xfs: don't call xfs_da_shrink_inode with NULL bp
        net: phy: mdio-bcm-unimac: fix potential NULL dereference in unimac_mdio_probe()
        crypto: ccp - Release all allocated memory if sha type is invalid
        media: rc: prevent memory leak in cx23888_ir_probe
        ath9k_htc: release allocated buffer if timed out
        ath9k: release allocated buffer if timed out
        PCI/ASPM: Disable ASPM on ASMedia ASM1083/1085 PCIe-to-PCI bridge
        ARM: 8986/1: hw_breakpoint: Don't invoke overflow handler on uaccess watchpoints
        drm/amdgpu: Prevent kernel-infoleak in amdgpu_info_ioctl()
        drm: hold gem reference until object is no longer accessed
        f2fs: check memory boundary by insane namelen
        f2fs: check if file namelen exceeds max value
        9p/trans_fd: abort p9_read_work if req status changed
        9p/trans_fd: Fix concurrency del of req_list in p9_fd_cancelled/p9_read_work
        x86/build/lto: Fix truncated .bss with -fdata-sections
        x86, vmlinux.lds: Page-align end of ..page_aligned sections
        fbdev: Detect integer underflow at "struct fbcon_ops"->clear_margins.
        rds: Prevent kernel-infoleak in rds_notify_queue_get()
        xfs: fix missed wakeup on l_flush_wait
        uapi: includes linux/types.h before exporting files
        install several missing uapi headers
        net/x25: Fix x25_neigh refcnt leak when x25 disconnect
        net/x25: Fix null-ptr-deref in x25_disconnect
        sh: Fix validation of system call number
        net: lan78xx: add missing endpoint sanity check
        net: lan78xx: fix transfer-buffer memory leak
        mlx4: disable device on shutdown
        mlxsw: core: Increase scope of RCU read-side critical section
        mlxsw: core: Free EMAD transactions using kfree_rcu()
        ibmvnic: Fix IRQ mapping disposal in error path
        mac80211: mesh: Free ie data when leaving mesh
        mac80211: mesh: Free pending skb when destroying a mpath
        arm64: csum: Fix handling of bad packets
        usb: hso: Fix debug compile warning on sparc32
        qed: Disable "MFW indication via attention" SPAM every 5 minutes
        nfc: s3fwrn5: add missing release on skb in s3fwrn5_recv_frame
        parisc: add support for cmpxchg on u8 pointers
        net: ethernet: ravb: exit if re-initialization fails in tx timeout
        Revert "i2c: cadence: Fix the hold bit setting"
        xen-netfront: fix potential deadlock in xennet_remove()
        KVM: LAPIC: Prevent setting the tscdeadline timer if the lapic is hw disabled
        x86/i8259: Use printk_deferred() to prevent deadlock
        random32: update the net random state on interrupt and activity
        ARM: percpu.h: fix build error
        random: fix circular include dependency on arm64 after addition of percpu.h
        random32: remove net_rand_state from the latent entropy gcc plugin
        random32: move the pseudo-random 32-bit definitions to prandom.h
        ext4: fix direct I/O read error
        USB: serial: qcserial: add EM7305 QDL product ID
        net/mlx5e: Don't support phys switch id if not in switchdev mode
        ALSA: seq: oss: Serialize ioctls
        Bluetooth: Fix slab-out-of-bounds read in hci_extended_inquiry_result_evt()
        Bluetooth: Prevent out-of-bounds read in hci_inquiry_result_evt()
        Bluetooth: Prevent out-of-bounds read in hci_inquiry_result_with_rssi_evt()
        omapfb: dss: Fix max fclk divider for omap36xx
        vgacon: Fix for missing check in scrollback handling
        mtd: properly check all write ioctls for permissions
        leds: wm831x-status: fix use-after-free on unbind
        leds: da903x: fix use-after-free on unbind
        leds: lm3533: fix use-after-free on unbind
        leds: 88pm860x: fix use-after-free on unbind
        net/9p: validate fds in p9_fd_open
        drm/nouveau/fbcon: fix module unload when fbcon init has failed for some reason
        cfg80211: check vendor command doit pointer before use
        igb: reinit_locked() should be called with rtnl_lock
        atm: fix atm_dev refcnt leaks in atmtcp_remove_persistent
        tools lib traceevent: Fix memory leak in process_dynamic_array_len
        xattr: break delegations in {set,remove}xattr
        binder: Prevent context manager from incrementing ref 0
        ipv4: Silence suspicious RCU usage warning
        ipv6: fix memory leaks on IPV6_ADDRFORM path
        vxlan: Ensure FDB dump is performed under RCU
        net: lan78xx: replace bogus endpoint lookup
        Revert "vxlan: fix tos value before xmit"
        usb: hso: check for return value in hso_serial_common_create()
        Smack: fix use-after-free in smk_write_relabel_self()
        tracepoint: Mark __tracepoint_string's __used
        gpio: fix oops resulting from calling of_get_named_gpio(NULL, ...)
        cgroup: add missing skcd->no_refcnt check in cgroup_sk_clone()
        EDAC: Fix reference count leaks
        arm64: dts: qcom: msm8916: Replace invalid bias-pull-none property
        arm64: dts: exynos: Fix silent hang after boot on Espresso
        m68k: mac: Don't send IOP message until channel is idle
        m68k: mac: Fix IOP status/control register writes
        platform/x86: intel-hid: Fix return value check in check_acpi_dev()
        platform/x86: intel-vbtn: Fix return value check in check_acpi_dev()
        ARM: at91: pm: add missing put_device() call in at91_pm_sram_init()
        ARM: socfpga: PM: add missing put_device() call in socfpga_setup_ocram_self_refresh()
        drm/tilcdc: fix leak & null ref in panel_connector_get_modes
        Bluetooth: add a mutex lock to avoid UAF in do_enale_set
        fs/btrfs: Add cond_resched() for try_release_extent_mapping() stalls
        drm/radeon: Fix reference count leaks caused by pm_runtime_get_sync
        video: fbdev: neofb: fix memory leak in neo_scan_monitor()
        md-cluster: fix wild pointer of unlock_all_bitmaps()
        drm/nouveau: fix multiple instances of reference count leaks
        drm/debugfs: fix plain echo to connector "force" attribute
        mm/mmap.c: Add cond_resched() for exit_mmap() CPU stalls
        brcmfmac: To fix Bss Info flag definition Bug
        iwlegacy: Check the return value of pcie_capability_read_*()
        usb: gadget: net2280: fix memory leak on probe error handling paths
        bdc: Fix bug causing crash after multiple disconnects
        dyndbg: fix a BUG_ON in ddebug_describe_flags
        bcache: fix super block seq numbers comparision in register_cache_set()
        ACPICA: Do not increment operation_region reference counts for field units
        agp/intel: Fix a memory leak on module initialisation failure
        video: fbdev: sm712fb: fix an issue about iounmap for a wrong address
        console: newport_con: fix an issue about leak related system resources
        video: pxafb: Fix the function used to balance a 'dma_alloc_coherent()' call
        iio: improve IIO_CONCENTRATION channel type description
        leds: lm355x: avoid enum conversion warning
        media: omap3isp: Add missed v4l2_ctrl_handler_free() for preview_init_entities()
        scsi: cumana_2: Fix different dev_id between request_irq() and free_irq()
        drm/mipi: use dcs write for mipi_dsi_dcs_set_tear_scanline
        cxl: Fix kobject memleak
        drm/radeon: fix array out-of-bounds read and write issues
        scsi: powertec: Fix different dev_id between request_irq() and free_irq()
        scsi: eesox: Fix different dev_id between request_irq() and free_irq()
        media: firewire: Using uninitialized values in node_probe()
        media: exynos4-is: Add missed check for pinctrl_lookup_state()
        xfs: fix reflink quota reservation accounting error
        PCI: Fix pci_cfg_wait queue locking problem
        leds: core: Flush scheduled work for system suspend
        drm: panel: simple: Fix bpc for LG LB070WV8 panel
        scsi: scsi_debug: Add check for sdebug_max_queue during module init
        mwifiex: Prevent memory corruption handling keys
        powerpc/vdso: Fix vdso cpu truncation
        staging: rtl8192u: fix a dubious looking mask before a shift
        PCI/ASPM: Add missing newline in sysfs 'policy'
        drm/imx: tve: fix regulator_disable error path
        USB: serial: iuu_phoenix: fix led-activity helpers
        usb: dwc2: Fix error path in gadget registration
        scsi: mesh: Fix panic after host or bus reset
        Smack: fix another vsscanf out of bounds
        Smack: prevent underflow in smk_set_cipso()
        power: supply: check if calc_soc succeeded in pm860x_init_battery
        selftests/powerpc: Fix CPU affinity for child process
        selftests/powerpc: Fix online CPU selection
        s390/qeth: don't process empty bridge port events
        wl1251: fix always return 0 error
        net: spider_net: Fix the size used in a 'dma_free_coherent()' call
        fsl/fman: use 32-bit unsigned integer
        fsl/fman: fix dereference null return value
        fsl/fman: fix unreachable code
        fsl/fman: check dereferencing null pointer
        fsl/fman: fix eth hash table allocation
        dlm: Fix kobject memleak
        pinctrl-single: fix pcs_parse_pinconf() return value
        drivers/net/wan/lapbether: Added needed_headroom and a skb->len check
        net/nfc/rawsock.c: add CAP_NET_RAW check.
        net: Set fput_needed iff FDPUT_FPUT is set
        USB: serial: cp210x: re-enable auto-RTS on open
        USB: serial: cp210x: enable usb generic throttle/unthrottle
        ALSA: usb-audio: Creative USB X-Fi Pro SB1095 volume knob support
        ALSA: usb-audio: fix overeager device match for MacroSilicon MS2109
        ALSA: usb-audio: add quirk for Pioneer DDJ-RB
        crypto: qat - fix double free in qat_uclo_create_batch_init_list
        crypto: ccp - Fix use of merged scatterlists
        fs/minix: check return value of sb_getblk()
        fs/minix: don't allow getting deleted inodes
        fs/minix: reject too-large maximum file size
        ALSA: usb-audio: work around streaming quirk for MacroSilicon MS2109
        9p: Fix memory leak in v9fs_mount
        parisc: mask out enable and reserved bits from sba imask
        ARM: 8992/1: Fix unwind_frame for clang-built kernels
        xen/balloon: fix accounting in alloc_xenballooned_pages error path
        xen/balloon: make the balloon wait interruptible
        smb3: warn on confusing error scenario with sec=krb5
        PCI: hotplug: ACPI: Fix context refcounting in acpiphp_grab_context()
        btrfs: don't allocate anonymous block device for user invisible roots
        btrfs: only search for left_info if there is no right_info in try_merge_free_space
        btrfs: fix memory leaks after failure to lookup checksums during inode logging
        iio: dac: ad5592r: fix unbalanced mutex unlocks in ad5592r_read_raw()
        xtensa: fix xtensa_pmu_setup prototype
        powerpc: Fix circular dependency between percpu.h and mmu.h
        net: ethernet: stmmac: Disable hardware multicast filter
        net: stmmac: dwmac1000: provide multicast filter fallback
        net/compat: Add missing sock updates for SCM_RIGHTS
        md/raid5: Fix Force reconstruct-write io stuck in degraded raid5
        bcache: allocate meta data pages as compound pages
        mac80211: fix misplaced while instead of if
        MIPS: CPU#0 is not hotpluggable
        ext2: fix missing percpu_counter_inc
        ocfs2: change slot number type s16 to u16
        ftrace: Setup correct FTRACE_FL_REGS flags for module
        kprobes: Fix NULL pointer dereference at kprobe_ftrace_handler
        watchdog: f71808e_wdt: indicate WDIOF_CARDRESET support in watchdog_info.options
        watchdog: f71808e_wdt: remove use of wrong watchdog_info option
        watchdog: f71808e_wdt: clear watchdog timeout occurred flag
        pseries: Fix 64 bit logical memory block panic
        mfd: arizona: Ensure 32k clock is put on driver unbind and error
        USB: serial: ftdi_sio: make process-packet buffer unsigned
        USB: serial: ftdi_sio: clean up receive processing
        gpu: ipu-v3: image-convert: Combine rotate/no-rotate irq handlers
        iommu/omap: Check for failure of a call to omap_iommu_dump_ctx
        iommu/vt-d: Enforce PASID devTLB field mask
        i2c: rcar: slave: only send STOP event when we have been addressed
        clk: clk-atlas6: fix return value check in atlas6_clk_init()
        pwm: bcm-iproc: handle clk_get_rate() return
        Input: sentelic - fix error return when fsp_reg_write fails
        drm/vmwgfx: Fix two list_for_each loop exit tests
        net: qcom/emac: add missed clk_disable_unprepare in error path of emac_clks_phase1_init
        nfs: Fix getxattr kernel panic and memory overflow
        fs/ufs: avoid potential u32 multiplication overflow
        mfd: dln2: Run event handler loop under spinlock
        ALSA: echoaudio: Fix potential Oops in snd_echo_resume()
        sh: landisk: Add missing initialization of sh_io_port_base
        khugepaged: retract_page_tables() remember to test exit
        mm: Avoid calling build_all_zonelists_init under hotplug context
        Linux 4.9.233

Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>

Conflicts:
	drivers/android/binder.c
	fs/f2fs/dir.c
	include/uapi/drm/Kbuild
	include/uapi/linux/Kbuild

---

# [<](2020-08-30.md) 2020-08-31 [>](2020-09-01.md)

