# [<](2020-02-18.md) 2020-02-19 [>](2020-02-20.md)

2,295,782 events, 1,136,315 push events, 1,844,731 commit messages, 139,799,685 characters


## [drswork/image](https://github.com/drswork/image)@[2a0dc24344...](https://github.com/drswork/image/commit/2a0dc243446f3a89d73d1abcf491e13a49f00909)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 02:40:05 by drswork

ICCP chunks can be > 768 bytes

Allocate a new temporary buffer if we need to read more than 768 bytes for an ICCP chunk. Which is pretty likely, honestly, since ICC profies are pretty big.

Add in some test data that has an ICC profile > 768 bytes. (Specifically a pic I took on vacation -- Kauai'i is lovely, tbh)

#7 applies here

---
## [PatheticMustan/ScoutingApp](https://github.com/PatheticMustan/ScoutingApp)@[3e0c23bff3...](https://github.com/PatheticMustan/ScoutingApp/commit/3e0c23bff34c256633f5241aa909fe7efbb0311c)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 07:09:16 by PatheticMustan

boolbutton cleanup

I'm cleaning up so much shit, honestly why the fuck do I even bother getting other people to write shit, I might as well just do the app all on my own

---
## [HatemNab/Operating-Systems](https://github.com/HatemNab/Operating-Systems)@[6418511a6a...](https://github.com/HatemNab/Operating-Systems/commit/6418511a6a830466e4f3bcb565e618f56b2dce64)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 07:13:24 by HatemNab

Update OperatingSystemsFunctions.txt

I love my family but most of all I love my sister. Also I still hope I get an A.

---
## [Gitjas/Keldorn_Romance](https://github.com/Gitjas/Keldorn_Romance)@[19f8cc5ee9...](https://github.com/Gitjas/Keldorn_Romance/commit/19f8cc5ee9c2c9452bbeaef94f24610c4d8da3ba)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 08:07:05 by Gitjas

update to v6

-Anomen should not stutter after his love night (added check variables to b!anomen_romfix.baf to prevent looping of scriptblocks).
-item description now list special abilities under "equipped abilities".
-Zasheida should not be present elsewhere if already killed. (Added DestroySelf() to her script if she is dead, which is not the most elegant way of solving this but the most efficient without having to dig through the whole quest path.)
-renamed bat to keldorm_rom.bat

---
## [Cosmoverse/AntiVPN](https://github.com/Cosmoverse/AntiVPN)@[e22dd81ccb...](https://github.com/Cosmoverse/AntiVPN/commit/e22dd81ccb52ac32336409bf7cb8dacfb1acd86f)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 09:06:11 by Muqsit

AntiVPN v2.0.0
Refactored the shit out of this.
If you hate this then you love mixed types and manual type checking in places where it could have easily been avoided. Like okay dude, go love yourself somewhere in private.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[bcd1596082...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/bcd1596082909838012cd00bbd2a8cb89087ade2)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 10:36:50 by Marko Grdinić

"9:30am. I am up. Before I start, let me chill for a while. Today I will report that issue to the F# plugin author, get the dotnet-3 branch to build, and post a question on the PL sub.

10am. Ok, let me start. First, let me compile dotnet-3 branch of that plugin. To do that, I will remove the packages and add them manually. Then I will open an issue. After that is done, I'll compose a post for the PL sub asking for advice. While I wait, I'll look for some better plugin. Maybe for C or something. I could always try C# as well.

10:05am. Ok, I got it to compile, but it says that it cannot run it as the output is a class library. I am looking in the project settings and it says console application. Though this does give me a hint as to why it only gets compiled as a dll.

The project files are broken, no way around this.

...No wait. Actually, I am trying to run the wrong thing.

```
Listening on stdin
Couldn't find FSharp.Core.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\3.1.1
Couldn't find System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll in C:\Program Files\dotnet\shared\Microsoft.NETCore.App\3.1.1
```

The same error.

Let me open the issue.

10:40am. Opened issue 74 on the https://github.com/fsprojects/fsharp-language-server repo. I've even asked the author for advice on how to do a plugin so I'll see what I get.

10:45am. The next thing to do is to make the PL sub post. I'll take a break after that.

11:10am. https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammingLanguages/comments/f68u50/d_how_to_do_a_language_plugin/
"I've been studying this subject for the past 1.5 week and it has been a never ending series of build issues either with VS Code or the plugins, along with having to hack my way through a Typescript flavored jungle of API calls. My complete lack of experience in webdev is really showing itself as a weakness here.

On the face of it, setting up two processes which communicate via JSON should not be so difficult, but I've been having a really difficult time finding a hook for it. Since Spiral is written in F#, it made sense to me to try and start by studying a F# plugin, but under the hood F# is a OO monstrosity and the [fsharp-language-server](https://github.com/fsprojects/fsharp-language-server) is just too complex to serve as a template for [my own language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/tree/v0.2) plugin. The progress I've been making has really been grinding. My thinking right now is that I should try studying a plugin for a simple statically typed language like C. Apart from macros, it might be a nearly ideal target given what I want to do.

That having said, I bet some of you have had experience with doing this. Do you have any advice to share? Since all the examples I've seen have either been [too simple](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/overview#language-extension-samples) or too complex, can you suggest any examples of plugins that are feature rich, but also simple and cleanly implemented?""

---
## [4e-ecuador/website-bot](https://github.com/4e-ecuador/website-bot)@[acac532742...](https://github.com/4e-ecuador/website-bot/commit/acac532742577a42897b151295567cd521c6bedf)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 13:54:13 by Nikolai Plath

FUCK YOU NIANTIC!!!

Fix stats import - CSV format has been changed during an event :(

---
## [sqreen/go-agent](https://github.com/sqreen/go-agent)@[f05314a3ce...](https://github.com/sqreen/go-agent/commit/f05314a3ce506d8d880293b4b0f17f0b4ef2f749)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 13:58:46 by Julio Guerra

v0.9.0

This new major version says farewell to the `beta` and adds SQL-injection
run time protection thanks the first building blocks of [RASP][RASP-Wikipedia]
for the Go language! Thank you to everyone that helped us in this wonderful
and amazing journey ;-)

The Go agent has been protecting production servers for more than a year now and
we reached the point where we are confident enough about its deployment, setup,
but also its internals and specific integrations with the Go language and
runtime.

We are getting closer to the fully-featured agent v1.0 as we will now be able to
fully add support for every RASP protection Sqreen supports.

Breaking Changes:

Because we now want a stable public API, find below the breaking changes:

- The former separate agent package `github.com/sqreen/go-agent/agent` that was
  asked to import in order to start the agent is no longer required nor
  available. This is now performed by the middleware functions we
  provide in order to avoid the most common setup mistake during the
  beta where only the agent was setup and no middleware function was set to
  protect the requests (and therefore nothing was happening).

- SDK: the user identification SDK method `Identify()` has been updated to be
  simpler to use and less error-prone by now making it return a non-nil error
  when the request handler shouldn't continue any further serving the request.
  It happens when a user security response has matched the identified user.
  This replaces the former separate SDK method `MatchSecurityResponse()`.
  New usage example:
  ```go
  sqUser := sq.ForUser(sdk.EventUserIdentifiersMap{"uid": "unique user id"})
  if err := sqUser.Identify(); err != nil {
    return
  }
  ```

- The agent no longer starts if the program wasn't instrumented using the
  instrumentation tool. See docs.sqreen.com/go/installation for details
  on how to install and use the tool. Note that the program is not aborted -
  only the agent is disabled.

- Dropping gRPC support: the beta support for gRPC was experimental and was in
  the end too limited by Sqreen's focus on the HTTP protocol. Most of our
  protections are indeed designed for HTTP and couldn't be applied at the gRPC
  protocol level. We are therefore removing it until we can provide a correct
  experience for such HTTP-based protocol.
  Please contact us if you need any further information or if you are
  interested in helping us building it (support@sqreen.com).

New Features:

- SQL-injection RASP protection: when enabled on [Sqreen's dashboard](https://my.sqreen.com/application/goto/modules/rasp),
  the `database/sql` Go package gets automatically protected against SQL
  injections. SQL queries go through our SQL-injection detection which will
  abort the SQL function call and corresponding HTTP request when an attack
  is detected.
  Note that special care was taken to properly intergrate with Go error-handling
  principles: when a SQL query gets blocked, the HTTP request context is
  canceled and a non-nil error is returned by the `database/sql` function call
  in order to fall into the existing error-handling flow. For example:
  ```go
  // The following query can be injected. An error is returned when the SQL
  // query was blocked.
  rows, err := db.QueryContext(ctx, "select id, name from users where id=" + unsafe)
  if err != nil {
    return err
  }
  ```
  Read more about Go integration details at http://docs.sqreen.com/go/integration.

- Dashboard diagnostic messages: major setup issues are now also reported
  through Sqreen's dashboard page of [running hosts](https://my.sqreen.com/application/goto/settings/hosts)
  to get notified about some downgraded states of the agent, such as:
  - The Go program is not instrumented so the agent didn't start.
  - The In-App WAF wasn't compiled (eg. CGO disabled) so it is unavailable and
    disabled.
  - The program dependencies couldn't be retrieved because the program was not
    compiled as a Go module. This is also shown by the dashboard when the list
    of dependencies is empty.

---
## [Sari-Dummy/lurnaxis-sorcery-help](https://github.com/Sari-Dummy/lurnaxis-sorcery-help)@[0dda36ac94...](https://github.com/Sari-Dummy/lurnaxis-sorcery-help/commit/0dda36ac942f257e6dd77a89abe730439b317cec)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 14:07:51 by Sari Dummy

deleting the useless html file, i'm learning ok fuck you

---
## [marcusmonteirodesouza/servo](https://github.com/marcusmonteirodesouza/servo)@[31837a1efa...](https://github.com/marcusmonteirodesouza/servo/commit/31837a1efa276a735ef9d0371af762dcc4d0a540)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 14:10:56 by Emilio Cobos Álvarez

style: Make Rust static atoms able to be used in const contexts.

I see atom dropping code generated in release builds for stuff like dropping the
"class" atom here:

https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/rev/4df8821c1b824db5f40f381f48432f219d99ae36/servo/components/style/gecko/wrapper.rs#592

That is silly, and I hope making Atom be able to be used in const context will
help the compiler see that yeah, we're not doing anything interesting and the
atom shouldn't get dropped.

It also allows us to get rid of a few lazy_static!s, so we should do it anyway.

In order to accomplish this, compute the offset into gGkAtoms manually instead
of going through the static_atoms() array and then back to the byte offset.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D55039

---
## [BosardR/markdown-portfolio](https://github.com/BosardR/markdown-portfolio)@[67ff459f2b...](https://github.com/BosardR/markdown-portfolio/commit/67ff459f2b9bc19598419b3c57a2a006d5156dc9)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 14:13:27 by github-learning-lab[bot]

# RBO Mothafocking HEADER (#2)

* add name placeholder to portfolio

* Rename 01-name.md to ######01-name.md

###### Change the Mothafcking name

* Update ######01-name.md

* Rename ######01-name.md to 01-name.md

* Update 01-name.md

fuck you

Co-authored-by: GitHub Teacher <trainingdemos+githubteacher@github.com>
Co-authored-by: BosardR <53465235+BosardR@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [WaspStation/WaspStation-1.0](https://github.com/WaspStation/WaspStation-1.0)@[842c1893d2...](https://github.com/WaspStation/WaspStation-1.0/commit/842c1893d2f4d3a0c6b5e335690d9efa82981b38)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 14:49:09 by Toast

Bluespace Mining Machine (#59)

* Bluespace Miners

Just remember to uncomment Copper later.

* Update code/modules/research/techweb/all_nodes.dm

Co-Authored-By: Mark Suckerberg <tommjd54321@outlook.com>

* fuck travis

Co-authored-by: Mark Suckerberg <tommjd54321@outlook.com>

---
## [ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March)@[93e0396dd2...](https://github.com/ctm/Bataan-Memorial-Death-March/commit/93e0396dd256ced9a0621cf0457bf4e35fb78ab3)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 16:08:07 by Clifford T. Matthews

Includes today's < 1/2 distance 40# speed run

Today's run should have been 6.55, but I got distracted yesterday evening
and this morning and wound up doing what I did on Monday, which was also
short.  Oops.

Hard to compare against last year since this year was shorter, but
*might* have had less up and down.  Last year also had me stopped
longer at traffic intersections.  However, it was also significantly
warmer this year.  So, the rough number of 22 seconds/mile slower
is certainly in the ballpark.

---
## [drozdik-m/DasContract](https://github.com/drozdik-m/DasContract)@[060dc0452f...](https://github.com/drozdik-m/DasContract/commit/060dc0452f5bc8143097b4665959341dce81263d)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 16:17:38 by Martin Drozdík

Fuck this shit, who the fuck made this shitass bullshit

---
## [fergusonna/IntellijSettings](https://github.com/fergusonna/IntellijSettings)@[686e7bc87c...](https://github.com/fergusonna/IntellijSettings/commit/686e7bc87cfafc15df74f96a443fcad416f1d98b)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 16:30:30 by Nick Ferguson

IU-2019.3.3 <nick.ferguson@ARM-T440P-0263 Update Ingweland.icls, Rudy.icls, Cool Programmer.icls, Visual Studio with Visual Assist.icls, NightFall.icls, Aptana by Alexmeia.icls, JavaDev.icls, Netbeans 6%2B%2B.icls, rubyblue.icls, kurdio.icls, Visual Studio 2013.icls, My Theme.icls, Github Old School.icls, Nice Python.icls, WombatVI.icls, Visual Studio 2015 Dark.icls, Monokai.icls, clean light python.icls, ZenburnZ.icls, DarkVoid.icls, Dark Visual Studio.icls, DarkWorld.icls, Heptica.icls, Sublime Text 2.icls, Emacs 2.icls, Emacs.icls, ToDo 01.icls, ObsidiMod.icls, Solarized Light.icls, Spacegray.icls, Dark Cyan.icls, Zenburn.icls, Modern Classic Dark.icls, Netbeans 7.0.icls, Ocean.icls, Netbeans plain.icls, Slate.icls, ZendStudio 5.5 like %3A).icls, Cloud.icls, Heptica-Light.icls, MindshareLabs.icls, Desert.icls, Monokai Plus.icls, play! framework.icls, With %E2%99%A5 for Dart Editor.icls, Sunburst.icls, HackerGym.icls, JustEnough.icls, NightLion Aptana Theme.icls, moose.icls, Monokai_2.icls, BlueIsh.icls, Classic Eclipse.icls, Visual Studio 2015.icls, Wombat.icls, Androkurd.icls, The Humble Programmer.icls, Juhaku.icls, Cobalt.icls, monkoose.icls, Xcode inspired.icls, GenXen.icls, Dark Flash Builder.icls, Retta.icls, Bluish.icls, Pastel.icls, Base16 Railscasts.icls, Javaslang 1.1.icls, Darcula Studio.icls, Notepad%2B%2B Like.icls, Vibrant Ink.icls, Monday Morning.icls, MonokaiBlue HiDPI.icls, Solarized Dark..icls, Tango.icls, Inkpot.icls, Electric Expresso.icls, Tau Ceti.icls, Predawn Sublime Text.icls, Ergo.icls, Black Pastel.icls, choco.icls, programmer-modified.icls, River.icls, GenX.icls, Zeus.icls, Dark Knight 2.icls, Xcode Midnight.icls, Herokoon.icls, Humane-ist.icls, Solarized Light (Alternate).icls, base16-default-dark.icls, Tomorrow Grey Mat.icls, Talski Dark.icls, dmgcodevil.icls, Dark Juno.icls, Juhaku v2.icls, XorTheme.icls, Visual Studio Theme.icls, Son of Obsidian.icls, DarKula.icls, Eclipse-like.icls, Great Pallete.icls, Netbeans 8.icls, developer.icls, RealGithub.icls, Xoria2-256.icls, Sublime Monokai True.icls, Rainbow.icls, Regal Obsidian.icls, Ruby Blue.icls, Visual Studio 2013(Edit).icls, Seti-UI.icls, Code%3A%3ABlocks Dark.icls, FoggyDay.icls, Espresso Libre.icls, Modern Classic Light.icls, Oughsumm.icls, Mr.icls, IR Black.icls, Base16 Ocean.icls, GreenDroidNext.icls, Hardcoded.icls, DarkHope.icls, easy view.icls, Cider Theme.icls, asd.icls, Midnight Devil.icls, Monokai Sublime Text 3.icls, Schuss.icls, smyck.icls, Fresh Code.icls, Son of Obsidian Variation.icls, Dreamweaver.icls, Oblivion With Groovy.icls, Tango Dark.icls, TextMate Twilight.icls, Vim Desert.icls, Igor.icls, Relax Your Eyes.icls, Gustavo 01.icls, EasyOnTheEyes.icls, Eclectide Monokai.icls, Laurent.icls, mkii.icls, minimal.icls, Lumicode.icls, Vividchalk.icls, Colorful Java.icls, Bright Neon.icls, Tomorrow Night Grey Plus.icls, VS2013.icls, NoCrap CDT.icls, BlueHippo.icls, GitHub Remixed.icls, GoodGithub.icls, Solarized.icls, Visual Studio 2013 - Dark.icls, Aptana studio 3.icls, gvim.icls, Rat49.icls, Son of Darcula.icls, Ubuntu.icls, Dododo.icls, Aged Cider.icls, Idea Dark Theme.icls, Codding Horror.icls, Caritos.icls, Ladies Night.icls, CMon.icls, Jellybean inspired.icls, Monokai Sublime Text 3.jar.icls, PinkyPurple.icls, Zenburn (Based on the Emacs version).icls, Sunshine.icls, TypeSafe Classic.icls, Brackets Dark (modified).icls, Gedit Original Oblivion.icls, CodeRush.icls, Oblivion v2.icls, pdestal.icls, AfterGlow.icls, Brackets.icls, Dark Knight.icls, ObsidianBlade (Darcula).icls, Castle of Ice.icls, Poseidon2.icls, Javaslang.icls, WombatScala.icls, Tangid.icls, frontenddev.icls, Code%3A%3ABlocks.icls, Vanilla Code.icls, Flash Builder.icls, Mr..icls, DarkMagic.icls, SimpleBen.icls, RS.icls, Titanium Studio.icls, DarkBlue.icls, Easy Pastels.icls, Predawn.icls, Tomorrow Night.icls, emacs-color-theme-dark-blue.icls, Obsidian.icls, Spacegray 2.icls, Not So Bright.icls, Sunbreak.icls, Vim dark.icls, Chester.icls, Seagrape.icls, Mashup_Theme.icls, Oblivion.icls, Peacock.icls, Oblivion inspired.icls, Midnight Devil old.icls, Base16 Ocean Light.icls, Facebook Style.icls, rainbow_brackets.xml, modus.icls, Roboticket.icls, railscasts_grey_comments.icls, Github 2015.icls, Vosthin Ljubicanstvena.icls, Sublime 3.icls, Programmer.icls, Picasso.icls, github2.icls, Dark Room.icls, Havenjark.icls, Personal.icls, Simon Dark.icls, Purple Touch.icls, ManoO.icls, Gedit for Elegant Gnome.icls, github.icls, Colorful theme.icls, ObsidianBlade (non Darcula).icls, Terran 2.icls, FadeComments.icls, blue.icls, OceanSunset.icls, EspressoWebStyle.icls, EyeCandy.icls, EasyEyesYellow.icls, eye-fitted.icls, Eclipse plain.icls, RecognEyes.icls	Create _@user_Material Solarized Dark.icls, _@user_Default.icls, _@user_High ontrast.icls, _@user_Dracula.icls, _@user_Dark purple.icls, _@user_Cyan light.icls, _@user_Ubuntu Theme.icls, _@user_Material Darker.icls, _@user_Material Palenight.icls, _@user_Night Owl _Material_.icls, _@user_Material Solarized Light.icls, _@user_Material Deep Ocean.icls, _@user_Light Owl _Material_.icls, _@user_Monokai Pro.icls, _@user_Arc Dark.icls, _@user_Gray.icls, _@user_Atom One Dark.icls, _@user_Material Lighter.icls, _@user_Material Oceanic.icls, _@user_Darcula.icls, _@user_GitHub _Material_.icls, _@user_Material dark-Theme.icls, _@user_Atom One Light.icls

---
## [alexdesiqueira/numpy-surveys](https://github.com/alexdesiqueira/numpy-surveys)@[a0f53e1a3f...](https://github.com/alexdesiqueira/numpy-surveys/commit/a0f53e1a3f8896ad5532088d5a1505257d6504f6)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 17:23:02 by Alexandre de Siqueira

Inverting order in two questions

Hi everyone,
sorry if this PR is annoying. Please feel free to close if you don't see it fit here.
IMHO, asking if someone would like to contribute first, then asking what is missing, could bring a better flow to the doc.
I am wondering on "right away", though. "Currently"? "In the short term"?
Thank you!

---
## [xeonchen/gecko](https://github.com/xeonchen/gecko)@[1ab7cf461a...](https://github.com/xeonchen/gecko/commit/1ab7cf461ae1e2ed143b7fd277792b0ceff0d341)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 18:29:32 by Emilio Cobos Álvarez

Bug 1615056 - Remove layout.css.webkit-appearance.enabled. r=jwatt

I don't think we want to keep the ugly widget hacks forever. Let me know if
you'd rather keep the property behind a pref but I don't think there's a point
in doing that.

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.services.mozilla.com/D62649

---
## [AlexanderRya/Caelus](https://github.com/AlexanderRya/Caelus)@[0fb61d8a7c...](https://github.com/AlexanderRya/Caelus/commit/0fb61d8a7cbabee92a885aef58ef543eee97a53d)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 18:41:04 by AlexanderRya

Experimental shit but don't worry, I have had a god's revelation on design

---
## [dem4ply/quetzalcoatl](https://github.com/dem4ply/quetzalcoatl)@[3cf6d55396...](https://github.com/dem4ply/quetzalcoatl/commit/3cf6d5539620f5380dc31befc3800bef32af6515)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 19:22:27 by dem4ply

I'm So Miserable Without You It's Almost Like Having You Here
		-- Song title by Stephen Bishop.

She Got the Gold Mine, I Got the Shaft
		-- Song title by Jerry Reed.

When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
		-- Song title by Lewis Grizzard.

I Don't Know Whether to Kill Myself or Go Bowling
		-- Unattributed song title.

Drop Kick Me, Jesus, Through the Goal Posts of Life
		-- Unattributed song title.

---
## [Sergiovan/nn](https://github.com/Sergiovan/nn)@[aa14ddb9b1...](https://github.com/Sergiovan/nn/commit/aa14ddb9b1eea0191e881f78b1e63eb312bf9bef)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 21:05:32 by Sergiovan

Here we go again, with all-new shit

Types are now first-class, because I don't hate myself just enough yet
Casting with `as` because <> sucks
Types are first class which means pointer modifiers are now... operators
Universalized function declaration syntax, no longer needs ()
Universalized all type declarations, actually
Tuples now exist because I thought they'd be neat
Not noticeable in the syntax, but templates!
Template selection! typeinfo! typeof and sizeof! Oh my!
Might have gone a little insane thinking of this ngl

---
## [mozilla/voice-web](https://github.com/mozilla/voice-web)@[7bba876fcb...](https://github.com/mozilla/voice-web/commit/7bba876fcb58c0771f107e9ca8ba9b348eb3ecc5)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 21:23:48 by Riley Shaw

Enable shared code between /web and /server

Until now, we've been able to share types from /common to both our
/server and /web codebases. However, importing any code into /server
from /common that wasn't stripped out by TypeScript (so, anything but
types), caused our entire directory structure to change. It broke the
build in a non-obvious way, and has been a frustrating limitation.

I've slowly and surely been upgrading our Webpack / TypeScript
dependencies, which was part of the puzzle.

**This is where specific info will go, once it's done. For now it's just notes.**

_These are rough notes I've kept for myself while working on the project. I've changed directions several times, so not all of these sentences are accurate. I've tried to delete anything that's no-longer true at all, but there are some half-truths here._

The big change here is that we've moved from only relying on [Yarn workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) on the server to also including [TypeScript path mapping](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/module-resolution.html#path-mapping).

Yarn workspaces expect us to build /common as its own module, and then import it. Right now, we're using /common as a collection of loose files. This works with Node, but only if the built files end up in the project's root (so, no compile folder like `dist` or `js`).

Whether or not we use the symlink functionality of Yarn workspaces, our root `package.json` will still have a `workspaces` key. That's because it lets us consolidate our `yarn.lock`, and run `yarn install` just once.

In the process of doing this work I realized that we have a lot of options for solving this task. Here are a few off the top of my head:

- Yarn Workspaces
- Yarn / NPM Private Packages
- Yarn link
- "file: ../" dependencies
- TypeScript Project References
- TypeScript Internal Modules
- TypeScript Path Aliases
- Lerna
- Oh… have I not even mentioned webpack yet?

We already using some of these, which made the task frustrating. The goal is to pick a subset that works for us, and strictly stick to that subset.

- Fixme: server output is happening twice somehow. Outputting the raw files, then also server/ and common/ folders.
- Fixme: Remove all `@ts-ignore` lines.
- Todo: can we bring this back? "I also prefixed the `common` alias with `@`, to make it clear that it's an alias. I've updated all import statements to use `@common/*`".
- Todo: ensure bundle sizes haven't exploded.
- Todo: Ensure nothing has gotten in the way of our IDE-ish TypeScript capabilities.
- Future: https://nodejs.org/api/esm.html#esm_package_exports comes with Node 13. Stable versions are even-numbered, which should be out summer 2020. Will simplify things if we choose to keep common/ files un-bundled.

**/end notes**

This commit also adds some trivial `real code` imports into /server,
so we can test it out right away.

## Test plan:

For quick checks, I found the following adequate:

`cd server && tsc -b`

or,

`cd common && tsc`

To run a final test of this change, I wanted to be sure that things would work
from scratch. The test plan below is a bit overkill, and it will take a while,
but it was worth the peace of mind.

```
# Scorch the earth!
docker ps -a
# …`docker kill` / `docker rm` all the common voice containers listed above.
docker images
# …`docker rmi` all the common voice images listed above. Woah.
rm -rf web/node_modules/ server/node_modules/ node_modules/ web/dist/ server/js common/js

# Now we truly start from a clean slate.
# Note to self: flaky builds here, sometimes expects a local `yarn install`?
docker-compose up
```

Did it work? Hope so!

## Relevant history:

The current monorepo structure was initially introduced in
https://github.com/mozilla/voice-web/commit/edcf9ae56948b517ce505c6af7a975f0790b3db7

---
## [PrakharRastogi123/Practice-Coding](https://github.com/PrakharRastogi123/Practice-Coding)@[bc746a705b...](https://github.com/PrakharRastogi123/Practice-Coding/commit/bc746a705ba2893685a877d8e8b0be7725a80200)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 22:39:10 by Prakhar Rastogi

Create Horrible Query(Lazy Propagation)

Horrible Query
World is getting more evil and it's getting tougher to get into the Evil League of Evil. Since the legendary Bad Horse has retired, now you have to correctly answer the evil questions of Dr. Horrible, who has a PhD in horribleness (but not in Computer Science). You are given an array of N elements, which are initially all 0. After that you will be given C commands. They are -
0 p q v - you have to add v to all numbers in the range of p to q (inclusive), where p and q are two indexes of the array.

1 p q - output a line containing a single integer which is the sum of all the array elements between p and q (inclusive)
Input
In the first line you'll be given T, number of test cases.

Each test case will start with N (N <= 100 000) and C (C <= 100 000). After that you'll be given C commands in the format as mentioned above. 1 <= p, q <= N and 1 <= v <= 10^7.
Output
Print the answers of the queries.
Input:
1
8 6
0 2 4 26
0 4 8 80
0 4 5 20
1 8 8 
0 5 7 14
1 4 8
Output:
80  
508

---
## [dolphrundgren/emacs](https://github.com/dolphrundgren/emacs)@[dc2c2fe8ec...](https://github.com/dolphrundgren/emacs/commit/dc2c2fe8ec83f0c65ba69a369e26120d206e184e)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-19 23:24:21 by MTempleman

Added LSP support... again.

I had LSP working hunky dory! And then, well I guess I just up and
deleted some recovery files or something, cuz it all went *poof*!

This has been a very frustrating and instructive experience, as if I
needed any more reminders to religiously version everything in life...

On the plus side, I'm now aware that my poetry virtual environments
aren't registering in lsp-mode, which is a snafu that escaped me last
time.

So it goes.

---

# [<](2020-02-18.md) 2020-02-19 [>](2020-02-20.md)

