# [<](2020-01-30.md) 2020-01-31 [>](2020-02-01.md)

1,967,333 events, 996,620 push events, 1,574,261 commit messages, 130,121,422 characters


## [2491-NoMythic/2020-Robot@e27cb79111...](https://github.com/2491-NoMythic/2020-Robot/commit/e27cb79111f041693dfcc706cec73428bf5b0ebf)
##### 2020-01-31 01:18:15 by Elias Rojas Collins

Why I hate Hugh Juliana and Mara - A Story

It was dark Tuesday when I entered the programming room. All was well, I was not sleep deprived, I was well caffeinated, and seemed good.  Ahh how i naive i was. I sat down, opened the laptop and began to look at the code my FRIENDS (so called) had done to contribute to the team. Without thought, with trust in my comrades, made the incorrect assumption that they were capable people. Unfortunately y faith was unfounded, as they CHANGED THE STRUCTURE OF THE CODE AND DIDN'T TELL ANYONE.

---
## [legodps/arc-article-pipeline@d136af4041...](https://github.com/legodps/arc-article-pipeline/commit/d136af404138df717cc49c96b26fba8a0e06901f)
##### 2020-01-31 02:12:03 by David Sander

[MAJOR] rename module, update config, add requirement versions

Been a couple weeks or so since I've made a last commit. Suffice to say, hard at work, just not on
things I could commit until today. I have managed to write up a script to parse through a particular
question file from the TQA question dataset. I'll be adding the code for that hopefully soon, though I
need to reorient with my professor to get a good idea of next steps.

This commit was mostly about some quality of life related stuff. Firstly, I noticed that running this
repeatedly, sucked. So I created a fallback for the `-f` configuration to look for a property in the
config file. So, priority to terminal command options, then to the config file, failing if neither
has a proper data filepath. This will allow me to test stuff more rapidly, which I'm happy about. In
addition I have renamed the module from pipeline to archiver. This more accurately represents what the
module does, and as such, could be run on its own. My ultimate plan would be to have something that
could end to end run the archiver and several other functions in succession. I have updated `readme.md`
with the configuration and updated running instructions.

Working with Elasticsearch I encountered a strange issue where my "index" commands were being rejected
due to some "read-only" property. Initially I thought this was because of a setting in Elasticsearch,
but further Googling determined that it was actually me not having enough disk space available. After
cleaning up my disk, and re-running, I had no issues. Another oddity I noticed, but is intermittent,
is that if I rerun the archiver with the same files, it might double (but no more if rerun past that)
the size of the index. I found no evidence that it was just duplicating information beyond the index
size, as the number of hits didn't seem to change. Since I can't really reproduce it, I'm keeping it
in mind if stuff comes up later.

Quick note, in my examination of the Elasticsearch documentation, I found out that the mapping
"doc type" is a deprecated function piece. I have removed it both from my configuration file and the
code to support this. I need to make some notes about what version of Elasticsearch I expect.

I raised test coverage to 100%! I had to make some alterations. I moved the Elasticsearch constructor
call to `__main__.py` as well as the importing of `elasticsearch.helpers.bulk`. I really tried to find
a way to mock those libraries but following the online documentation of the mocking library didn't help
nor did looking for my issues in particular. With this in mind, I think this solution is workable for
now and I can double back and fix this later when its not late in the evening and I have more patience.

Another important thing to note, I have added specific versions for the different libraries I use.
While earlier/later versions are likely to work, from my recent and horrible experience with another
library that did not version (they used specific git commits *shudder*) I never wish to inflict that
pain upon anyone else that would use my code. This way, the version is specified, so everyone knows.

---
## [Feasel/Citadel-Station-13@a70d893580...](https://github.com/Feasel/Citadel-Station-13/commit/a70d8935802b6e18585c3266e968cc8717607ea5)
##### 2020-01-31 09:46:59 by Feasel

[Balance Patch - Tend Wounds Edition]

Seriously why the fuck is this doing such little healing and taking so much time to do?

Like, it's literally useless with our synthflesh+silver sulf... meta

Fuckin hell, even bicardine/kelotane heals faster than this shit.

Not anymore.

Today, I'm dramatically improving the healing and giving a decent time reduction to doing this surgery.

I still see the code where it's less efficient on dead bodies, but ehh... price for being dead and this might be stupid good as is.

--------

PATCH NOTES

- Doubled healing on all Tend Wounds

- Roughly around 40% reduction to time needed to do the step that actually heals.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@adbe4cda97...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/adbe4cda97caf4c313385a79e215aa6813f87c4d)
##### 2020-01-31 13:11:20 by Marko Grdinić

"10:20am. I slept in today. Let me do some chilling first, then breakfast, and after that I will start.

10:50am. https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammingLanguages/comments/ew6y8s/quest_for_a_language_sth_along_the_lines_of_ml_gc/
"[Spiral](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language) definitely fits the bill for what you are describing. Back in 2018 I used it to implement a ML library that allowed passing of lambdas across the language boundaries to the GPU backend, monadic computation on the GPU, struct-of-array tensors. Because it has exactly what you need to take full advantage of inlining, writing both Cuda kernels and host code in a high level functional style is not only possible, but encouraged.

The intended use case is when you have a runtime and a GC and you want to take advantage of that to write code in a high level manner, but you also have some device like a GPU that needs absolute control and cannot use GC or even heap allocation.

Right now, the language is not in a good shape though. I did a lot of work on v0.09, but I've made various errors that made the compilation times too long. The type inference is done bottom-up, so it is similar to dynamic languages where you need to run the code to typecheck it (even though this is done at compile time.) This is a problem as top-down is much more ergonomic since it gives immediate feedback.

Back then I did not know how to deal with this, but I do now and v0.2 is going to be what Spiral should have been from the start. Also since it is 2020, rather than aiming for GPUs, it is finally time to go for [neuromorphic chips](https://youtu.be/jhQgElvtb1s)."

Self promotion is fun.

12:20pm. Done with breakfast. The next come the chores.

1:40pm. Done with chores. Damn this really took a while. Let me finally start.

Spiking NNs, spiking NNs, spiking NNs...

Spiking NNs are the future I need to aim for.

1:45pm. With every day that passes the future that I seek is coming closer to reality.

I do not know how things will go with spiking NNs...there will be multiple competing companies. For myself, once I get v0.2 to a marketable state, I will peddle it around in return for a remote job. This will kill a few birds in one swoop: my money issues, allow me continue to improving Spiral, boost the whole field by relieving them of the burdens of doing everything on C under the hood, and lastly it will allow me to just sit there and continue fishing. Eventually the principles of learning will be understood and that is when I will be able to do my real work.

I really was a huge idiot back in 2018. Really, the only thing of value I got in that period was experience in programming Spiral. The rest is either basic knowledge or negatives. I have a broad, but useless base.

1:55pm. If somebody plopped the post-Singularity models down on my hard drive I could really learn so much from that. That is just daydreaming. It won't happen. 'We' need to figure it out ourselves and prove that we deserve that power.

Until I get a lead on what should be done, I might as well master the fundamentals of programming.

Every time I think I got it, that turns out to be just my ego talking.

2pm. The combination of good languages and new hardware appropriate for the domain will make things just so much easier.

One thing I really like about SNNs are that they are more than just backprop. Meaning they cover a much bigger domain that DL libraries like PyTorch can deal with.

I really have opportunity to contribute here.

2:05pm. Even if I wanted to do research on my own, CPUs just won't cut it. And GPUs have proven their crapiness quite a few times already.

I absolutely need those chips if I am going to make any progress on ML myself.

And before that, I need the completed Spiral.

Just how long am I going to work on this shit? Let me compete the damn partial evaluator already.

And then I will do typechecking.

Time consuming or not, typechecking will a major research subject to me. When I master unification I will have uncovered an entirely new domain that I haven't had before.

So I should look forward to it at least a little.

Rather than being a tedious chore, maybe it will turn out to be an incredible breath of fresh air in my programming.

Let me finally start this thing. Finish the peval today should not be hard. Let me do it in the next few hours.

Then comes the codegen. That should be easy as well."

---
## [newstools/2020-news-24@5cb41cf751...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-news-24/commit/5cb41cf751f613b728c831747f4d8188aabe450f)
##### 2020-01-31 16:50:51 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.news24.com/SouthAfrica/News/man-takes-his-life-after-killing-his-girlfriend-and-raping-her-friend-20200131]

---
## [ilammy/themis@9f207ae987...](https://github.com/ilammy/themis/commit/9f207ae987cf05b92548ba76c1e5c04905364d01)
##### 2020-01-31 20:43:50 by ilammy

[todo] themispp::secure_cell_token_protect API

wip: token protect

wip: data (token protect)

wip

export

wip

update api docs

update data

wip tests

wip tests

fix friend

fix cpp bullshit

typos

more tests

fix order

correct orderinggit add -p!

allow long tokens

C++ bullshit

yay?

this is madness

fffffffffuuuuuu I HATE C++

oh ffs, i'm done

drop all this crap

just inherit from a pair

fix impl

drop friends, hehe

have to spell out this to get to parent firelds

omg, is this the fix?

okay, damn, I don't care if this does not compile

fix crash?

fixits in tests

---

# [<](2020-01-30.md) 2020-01-31 [>](2020-02-01.md)

