# [<](2020-07-29.md) 2020-07-30 [>](2020-07-31.md)

2,963,245 events, 1,258,629 push events, 1,998,729 commit messages, 150,512,590 characters


## [alexhb1/mapUON](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON)@[158cf1af2d...](https://github.com/alexhb1/mapUON/commit/158cf1af2d3ee383dae05bbb52472d0801c3ecbb)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 00:42:46 by PennSylvannia

end of july update

i hate life and why can't people just put image links. i get it, work is hard, but just do the same amount of effort everyone else has to do. i am so tired of arguing with people over this very simple shit and people getting super offended. im not walmart, this is ns. why are they being karens on this?

---
## [openbmc/phosphor-webui](https://github.com/openbmc/phosphor-webui)@[d87135943d...](https://github.com/openbmc/phosphor-webui/commit/d87135943df315a2d376dda93afe22ccf7809b4c)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 02:30:46 by Ed Tanous

Drop encoding library

Commit f4a43cca440535a63592877c9bdbbe28636d803c attempted to fix a IE
bug in the SOL library.  Unfortunately, it did it by pulling in the
entire NPM encoding library, which is insanely large (190kb after
minification and compression).  This is almost equivalent to the rest of
our javascript put together!  That's nuts, and I don't think anyone
would argue that's a binary hit worth taking for IE9 support.

This commit removes it, and swaps in an inline polyfill from the mozilla
recommendations, that compresses much....much smaller.

Before this patchset build prints:
app.bundle.js.gz    522 KiB          [emitted]  [big]

After this patchset:
app.bundle.js.gz    332 KiB          [emitted]  [big]

If you don't want to break out a calculator, that's 190KB savings in the
root filesystem, and should cut the initial page load time (on slow
connections) by nearly 30 percent.

Note: text-encodings was never pinned in the package-lock.json, hence
why you don't see a diff removing it from package lock.  This was a miss
on the original commiters part, although it doesn't really matter, as
it's now removed.

PS: A reviewer may note, I could've moved the polyfill into its own
file.  Considering the serial console is the only page that uses that,
and it's not that big I elected not to, to make removing it analagous
with removing xterm/the serial console.

Bonus content!
Added a (commented out) webpack config that allows you to generate the
webui as individual gzipped fragments, instead of one bundle.  This
allows you to see file sizes on a package by package basis, and was how
I found this commit in question.

Testing:
This is where this patchset gets hairy.  I dont' have an IE9 instance to
test on.  Given it's low usage, and the fact that it's a relatively
straightforward change we can probably just wait for someone to tell us
it's broken again.

Enjoy the sweet sweet savings.

Signed-off-by: Ed Tanous <ed@tanous.net>
Change-Id: I2820ff1c4b33d725ebc63490793a72fe600b8ed3
Signed-off-by: Ed Tanous <ed@tanous.net>

---
## [hexagrahamaton/hexagonlink](https://github.com/hexagrahamaton/hexagonlink)@[792d87ee9c...](https://github.com/hexagrahamaton/hexagonlink/commit/792d87ee9cb62e65b262ab33149f8115e30edb50)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 02:43:22 by Graham Steele

Update

- Fixed footer
- Rearrange stuff
- Update copy to use fewer Latinate words, &c.
- New media block style with placeholder images
- Replace redirect dirs with query redirect
  - Awkward but cleaner
- Separate JS for easier templatification
- Address bar issues on mobile
  - Commented-out "solution" worse than problem
  - Fuck you, mobile browser devs
- Provisional

---
## [voretaq7/pam_gitdap](https://github.com/voretaq7/pam_gitdap)@[df40ecdefc...](https://github.com/voretaq7/pam_gitdap/commit/df40ecdefc7cc912cf6e60cfc98cf2b9eaf7c6a9)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 04:07:47 by Michael Graziano

Big Damn Cleanup - Error handling & LDAP protocol fix.

- Make sure we clean up the heap if we abort (Big Ugly Goto. Shut up.)

- Use the PAM username by default. Set prompt_user to force a prompt.

- Allow specifying LDAP protocol (Defaults to LDAPv3).
  (Fixes "Unsupported" error in ldap_sasl_bind_s() if you were talking
   LDAPv2 to a LDAPv3 server).

- Switch everything back to the PAM_LOG macro (only logs if debug is set)

- Get rid of pam_sm_setcred() - This did nothing, we don't need it.

---
## [Gannio/Shiny2-and-a-Half](https://github.com/Gannio/Shiny2-and-a-Half)@[68ce26b3c9...](https://github.com/Gannio/Shiny2-and-a-Half/commit/68ce26b3c99f6e478302983f1af31a8193b0f34f)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 05:02:07 by Gannio

Initial WonderCore prototype, changelog:
General/UI:
-Added WonderCore mode (under wondertrade).
-New parameters:
--IV-Won and V-Won: Folders to house profiles of users. Distribute and Receive are used to facilitate Pokemon in Wonder Trade.
--IV-Tra and V-Tra: 'Trash' folders to house Pokemon when WonderBot1 fails.
--legitCheck: Enables legitimacy verification (see below).
--webfolders: Website setup uses webfolders instead of relying on a single file (acts like an actual website, currently limited to HTML + the replacement setup provided previously for reading time/Pokemon).
DNS:
-Implemented ip blacklisting. If ip is on blacklist, exit the thread.
-Added *most* of the test servers as valid sites as well as 'washingtonpost.com' as a valid site for the purposes of debug testing, by using Google's DNS and rerouting the IP value to us. This is because there isn't an easy way to get Wiimmfi to add the official debug sites to their list, and with the exception of the other sites which can be replaced with their final string [dummying the whitespace], the value that washingtonpost replaces is larger in the final version than in the debug, and washingtonpost.com as a string matches the value length-wise exactly.
GTS:
-Added an IsLinux function. Previously this was reserved for a 'lite' version for Linux running, but plans are to incorporate this into the main project down the line, as the main server will run off a linux variant to be lightweight.
-Added 'Channels':
--Channels act as a way to facilitate multiple functions for the player, by having them request a certain level of Pokemon. Currently, the planned channels are as follows (starting at 'any' level and continuing up). (At the moment, Any, Normal, and Hacks are implemented)
---Any: WonderQueue, WonderTrade but you can see the current available Pokemon on the site.
---Lvl 9 and under: The Americanizer: Korean-exclusive channel to turn their Pokemon into US-Equivalents, if allowed.
----Male: Wonder Trade *exclusively* for Korean Pokemon.
----Female: Wonder Queue *exclusively* for Korean Pokemon.
---Lvl 10+: Normal WonderTrade
---Lvl 20+: Hacks, though still prevent Pokemon that can break the game.
---Level 30+: Level Down, levels down a Pokemon from Lvl. 100 to 99 [If legal] to allow for EV gaining.
---Level 40+: Reserved for Project Nomad
---Level 50+: Pokecheck: View a Pokemon's stats if your discord is registered. Always rejects the Pokemon.
---Level 60+: Reserved for future use.
---Level 70-90+: Reserved for future use.
---Level 100+: Reserved for GDPR compliance, will delete the user's data if any gender is used, if male is used...figure out a way to request user data. Female leave open for some other kind of GDPR request if needed. Or have these all run by nicknames, idk.
-Replaced references to tableRow and Enviornment.NewLine with constances, in order to make better support for X-Platform use.
-Labeled GetBinHg with Generation 4 references obtained from https://projectpokemon.org/docs/gen-5/gts-protocol-r19/
-Ordered Options might be broken for folderOptions (I feel I might've caused this accidentally), but is disabled for WonderCore.
-Advanced Table/Cell construction for website generation that displays Pokemon stats ala Gen IV/V GTS, as well as new parameters to call it ($, where x is t if a transaction ('' otherwise), and y represents one of the channels (a queue, n wonder, h hacking).
-Website parameters altip and ip as placeholders, cntxy for different counts, where x is the gen and y is either '' for a total, or a number corresponding to each channel.
-Implemented PKHex's Core for legitimacy checks, as well as the VerifyPokemon method. For the context of WonderCore, verified data means a Pokemon could appear in a game without causing some sort of soft/hardlock, while legit/legal means it has passed PKHex's checks. Hack channel does not go through a legitimacy check, but it does go through verification.
-Implemented a maintenanceMode value, that locks the GTS down at certain degrees based on the level.
--0: No lockdown.
--1: Soft lockdown, webpage goes to maintenance page always. DS's receive maintenance calls.
--2: Hard lockdown, site will not respond to non-ds requests. DS's receive maintenance calls.
-Implemented blacklist. Assuming someone gets past the DNS (or is using their computer), all requests will be exited.
-SetProfiles and profiles as a whole implemented under the associated request and CommonProfile class:
--Profiles are stored under a folder named after the PID of the user. Values stored include game ID, language, country ID (220 is USA), region, Trainer ID, Secret ID, name, and 'mystery log' (contains MAC address, and seems to contain, judging by lack of in DP and no other recorded functions, the GTS-notification settings [Wii Message Board for International and Email for Japan], however I need to test with a JP cart to verify this. May also contain more).
--Due to above mentioned lack of the function, DP is not currently supported. Pokemon requests give most of this info in some form though except MAC address, so it should be feasible to implement.
--Status.txt: Seperate from above ini file due to DP's current lack of profile, and since it'll be written to a lot, stores what the current status of the player is on the GTS (0 is no Pokemon in, anything else is the channel-1 of what they are waiting for).
-Pokemon files now have 4 bytes appeneded to the end: The PID of the person sending them. This might be overhauled with a new system in the future to include more data.
-Added delete command for WonderCore (removes the Pokemon)
-Battle Tower prototyping:
--Info, roomnum implemented (roomnum always returned 50 before, dunno if it can go higher).
--Download: Right now, uses an experimental 'randomizer' to randomize the opponent into a set of somewhat-viable Pokemon, under the trainer named 'Randy'. The class PokeTools handles random generation.
--Upload: Currently placeholder, returns 1 to the player but doesn't actually record anything.
-WonderBot1: Discord bot for recording sent and received Pokemon. Currently only activates when a call is made, however I might overhaul this just cause having it online all the time might be less of a headache and worth the potential costs.
--WonderBot2 is a seperate program ran off-site that manages more the discord server rather than just posting to it. Therefore its code is not here.

---
## [SarmentiCampbell/Skyrat13](https://github.com/SarmentiCampbell/Skyrat13)@[d3338b811c...](https://github.com/SarmentiCampbell/Skyrat13/commit/d3338b811cad8049cd5148267e6cab9b76d7b4ab)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 06:05:47 by SarmentiCampbell

OH MY FUCKING GOD

I LITERALLY WANT TO KILL MYSELF.

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[7c25551265...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/7c25551265ef38223911002b1c97bfd6dec85380)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 06:42:02 by Neslon-Poggers

Absolutely Insane Reaper Light Overhaul

Pretty Nuts

- Rifle and Shotgunner lights now have helmets.
- All lights now have vest setups that signify their role. Riflemen get Magazines on their vests and Shotgunners get shotgun shells on their vests.
- The SMG Light has been completely redone to look more in line with the other enemies. Donning no helmet with stylish goggles on his forehead, he will shoot the shit out of you until you look like swiss cheese, and that's a Semyon guarantee.

- Fixed Zlea Shotgunener Mdeic dropping wrong helmet

---
## [Gitjas/Arath_NPC](https://github.com/Gitjas/Arath_NPC)@[d3d3af55dd...](https://github.com/Gitjas/Arath_NPC/commit/d3d3af55dd657dbf0504f6ff043be99f36e6ee65)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 07:07:40 by Gitjas

update to v4

    Fixed instance where romance would not set to committed in the morning after dialogue
    Removed timer check in the resttalk in an inn to reduce player confusion why it does not trigger aftr Arath just suggested it
    Arath will no longer refer to Imoen as "his" sister if PC is female (in first Imoen banter)
    ToB: Summoning via fate spirit will be deactivated if Arath was in the party during ToB transition
    ToB banter with Jaheira will no longer be started (wrongly) with SoA banter dlg
    Added "Continue()" to the script block that are patched via EXTEND_TOP
    Optimized ids patching
    Small optimizations in the tp2: use of DECOMPILE_AND_PATCH, removal of unnecessary ToB checks, use of fj_are_structure for area patching
    PRVZ tis (v2) for the EE games provided
    Added EET compatibility
    Added HANDLE_CHARSETS to prepare for possible language versions
    Added arath.ini with modinfo
    Updated to WeiDU v246

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[931eb7c7e9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/931eb7c7e9b976e33d4b0bebf6fa90ee712a4bed)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 10:14:56 by Marko Grdinić

"9:05am. I've been chilling for a while. Let me do it for a bit more and then I will start. The fact that I will be able to do the type inference part so easily is giving me a lot of hope. Let's just work for another month or so and the language will be mostly done.

9:55am. It is time to start.

As I said, since the plan I have now is much more concise than I thought it would be, it is giving me a lot of hope and motivation. I can see the finish line already and feel motivated to race to it as quickly as possible.

Just like the burst of motivation that led me to marathon the parser, right now I fell like I've indulged for a good while. I should get rid of the distractors and the hedonism, and for the next week or two simply focus on dealing with the typechecker. After I do that I will be on very familiar ground.

10am. After I deal with this phase, the completed v0.2 will be in my sights!

And this phase won't be hard at all!

10:10am. Do I want this power? Do I want to master the low style thoroughly?

v0.2 of Spiral is as good as human designed languages will get. I won't get anymore arrogant than that - I know that post-Singularity, there will be agents who can do in a single day what would take me decades. So there will be things I cannot even imagine.

Ultimately, Spiral is just a spear - a primitive tool for waging war. As a primitive man, the most I can do is make it a very good spear. Make sure it is not made flimsy and of poor quality woord.

10:20am. The next week or two are the crucial time where I bust through the really difficult obstacle barring my path. After I go through this, this Spiral I am working on with really move beyond what I had two years ago.

I am still hyping myself up, but let me do a little.

Yesterday, I made a mistake. `type` is not supposed to be recursive. Having it be so would just be asking for stack overflows.

```fs
let inline top_and f = restore 1 (range (skip_keyword SpecAnd >>. f)) |>> TopAnd

let top_statement s =
    let (+) = alt (index s)
    (top_inl_or_let + top_union + top_nominal + top_prototype + top_type + top_instance
    + top_and_inl_or_let + top_and top_nominal + top_and top_union) s
```

10:25am. It has been a while since I thought about this, so it is no wonder that I forgot my own design considerations. Yesterday I knew that I decided against type being recursive, but I forgot the reasons for that so I decided to buckle against the decision.

Not a good idea. But it is an easy fix.

10:30am.

```fs
let block_bundle (l : TopStatement list) =
    let inline map_fst f (a,b) = f a, b
    let cons x l = l |> map_fst (Result.map (fun rest -> x :: rest))
    let rec and_inls = function
        | TopAnd(_, TopRecInl _ & x) :: x' -> and_inls x' |> cons x
        | TopAnd(r,_) :: x' -> Error [r, "Recursive inl/let statements cannot be mixed with recursive type definitions."], x'
        | l -> Ok [], l
    let rec and_types = function
        | TopAnd(_, (TopNominal _ | TopUnion _) & x) :: x' -> and_types x' |> cons x
        | TopAnd(r,_) :: x' -> Error [r, "Recursive type definitions cannot be mixed with recursive inl/let statements."], x'
        | l -> Ok [], l

    match l with
    | TopAnd(r, _) :: x' -> Error [r, "Invalid `and` statement."], x'
    | (TopRecInl _ as x) :: x' -> and_inls x' |> cons x
    | (TopNominal _ | TopUnion _ as x) :: x' -> and_types x' |> cons x
    | x :: x' -> Ok [x], x'
    | [] -> failwith "Compiler error: Empty lists are invalid inputs to this function."
```

Yesterday I did this, and today I will really focus on it.

10:40am. Yeah, bundling statement is not the issue here.

The issue is that the blocks might have parser errors, and I haven't yet decided how exactly do I want to deal with them. Though it was completely unintentional, in the parser I ended up ignoring tokenizer errors and that ended up being a good thing to do. It is certainly better at holding back the parsing until the error gets fixed.

I can do the same thing again. Just filter out the failed result cases and bundle those.

10:45am. That would be the easiest way to go.

Is this the right thing to do or should I be doing something more fancy?

10:55am. There is something I will do during typechecking that I've intended to leave for the prepass - unbound variable errors. I'll be doing prepass-like analyses for editor support anyway, and I think I will streamline this. I'll make it so that the prepass can't throw any errors. What this will allow me to do is not run the prepass until it is time to do compilation. This will leave more CPU power for the other passes.

In the previous versions of Spiral it used to be the job of the prepass to handle various kinds of errors, but in v0.2 I will streamline that for the sake of user experience.

11am. Now that I am actually doing editor support it is turning out differently than I envisioned it.

One thing that is quite different from what I expected is that I much more open to iterating through blocks.

```fs
let block_separate (lines : LineToken [] ResizeArray) (blocks : Block list) (edit : SpiEdit) =
    // Lines added minus lines removed.
    let line_adjustment = edit.lines.Length - (edit.nearTo - edit.from)
    // The dirty block boundary needs to be more conservative when a separator is added in the first position of block.
    let dirty_from = let x = lines.[edit.from] in edit.from - (if Array.length x = 0 || 0 < (fst x.[0]).from then 1 else 0)
    let is_dirty x = (dirty_from <= x.offset && x.offset < edit.nearTo) || (x.offset <= dirty_from && dirty_from < x.offset + Array.length x.block)
    let rec loop blocks i =
        if i < lines.Count then
            match blocks with
            | x :: xs ->
                // If the block is dirty, forget it.
                if is_dirty x then loop xs i else
                    // If the block is past the removal range, adjust its line offset.
                    let x = {x with offset=if edit.nearTo <= x.offset then x.offset + line_adjustment else x.offset}
                    // The block can't be dirty here. Hence if the offsets are the same, so are the blocks. Take it.
                    if x.offset = i then x :: loop xs (i + Array.length x.block)
                    // Else if the block has been skipped over, forget it.
                    elif x.offset < i then loop xs i
                    // Else the block has been dirty filtered, recalculate it.
                    else let x = block_at lines i in x :: loop blocks (i + Array.length x.block)
            | [] -> block_all lines i
        else []
    loop blocks 0
```

Here I am in fact iterating through every block on every change even though I am memoizing the parsing work.

This is in fact unavoidable and it does make things a lot easier than had I been trying to do anything more fancy.

But now that I am doing it here, that means I am open to doing this sort of things elsewhere. It is not that expensive, and it does make all the other phases much easier to deal with. What I had in my mind previously were complicated state machines, but now that I've broken the ice with this, it means that instead of explicit tracking of indexes I will be able to pass whole blocks to the typechecker and use reference equality to decide which blocks to keep and throw away.

This is a lot easier than having a live server constantly communicating with the other phases. This is how I modeled it in `BlockPrototype.fs`. Turns out it is unneeded.

11:10pm. Doing the reference equality memoization in the prepass will make it a lot easier to deal with. If I get rid of all report reporting from that stage, I can just forget it about it until it is time to get to it. It will be decoupled from editor support considerations. And this is really a state worth striving for.

This feeds into the earlier story of whether I want to filter out the erronous blocks and just pass on the rest to typechecker and the later stages.

Since the 'later' stages will be decoupled, that only means I have to think about the typechecker and there the situation is a decisive yes. Well, besides the typechecker I will have autocomplete and other kinds of editor support passes, but those will be decoupled.

11:15am. I only have to do the typechecker and the rest will be easy. If I can do the typechecker I will have driven a wedge through the barricade in front of me.

Hmmm...

```fs
let server = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let lines : LineToken [] ResizeArray = ResizeArray([[||]])
    let mutable errors_tokenization = [||]
    let mutable blocks : Block list = []

    let replace edit =
        errors_tokenization <- Tokenize.replace lines errors_tokenization edit // Mutates the lines array
        blocks <- block_separate lines blocks edit
        let errors_parsing =
            blocks |> List.collect (fun x ->
                match x.parsed with
                | Error l -> BlockParsingError.show_block_parsing_error x.offset l
                | _ -> []
                ) |> List.toArray
        Array.append errors_tokenization errors_parsing

    let req = Ch()
    let loop =
        Ch.take req >>= function
            | Put(text,res) -> replace {|from=0; nearTo=lines.Count; lines=Utils.lines text|} |> IVar.fill res
            | Modify(edits,res) -> replace edits |> IVar.fill res
            | GetRange((a,b),res) -> // It is assumed that a.character = 0 and b.character = length of the line
                let from, near_to = a.line, b.line+1
                vscode_tokens from (lines.GetRange(from,near_to-from).ToArray()) |> IVar.fill res
    Job.foreverServer loop >>-. req
```

Here I am returning the tokenization + parser errors on every change, but I think on the VS Code side I could create a separate error collection for type errors.

```ts
const errors = languages.createDiagnosticCollection()
```

```ts
const errorsParse = languages.createDiagnosticCollection()
const errorsType = languages.createDiagnosticCollection()
```

Let me rename the first one to `errorsParse` and add one for type errors.

This will be ideal. Thanks to this I should be able to report typechecking phase errors with minimal fuss.

11:40am. Wow, the prepass is coming out well in my mind. I've managed to pare it down to a simple right fold over the blocks.

As far as design goes it does not get much better than that.

12:10pm. I am thinking about it. It is fine that I haven't done any programming in the morning yet. I've made up my mind to ramp up the intensity, so I won't be wasting much time during breakfast time. Once I get going, I'll be shotting to kill.

My focus is at a decent level today.

With the typechecker I won't be able to do a simple fold as it needs more elaborate error handling. Still, it won't be too hard. I can see the shape of that server.

12:15pm. Let me stop here so I can eat. I'll get the block merger done without much issue."

---
## [Aurorastation/Aurora.3](https://github.com/Aurorastation/Aurora.3)@[67b4e8a88c...](https://github.com/Aurorastation/Aurora.3/commit/67b4e8a88cdeb8f15c7da315f63a6f547a6d945f)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 12:29:56 by Matt Atlas

Fixes shells and shit having 300 health instead of 200 (#9524)

This means that you need -100 health to die currently, which is 200 - 300 for most species, which means you need to do 300 damage, which is bullshit.

---
## [freelawproject/courtlistener](https://github.com/freelawproject/courtlistener)@[4c4d8a79be...](https://github.com/freelawproject/courtlistener/commit/4c4d8a79bed37f23e48666a3633059b9b3cb63e7)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 14:48:40 by Michael Lissner

fix(pacer): Always save last build date

This is a small tweak that creates a big fix. In #1311 we discovered
that a LOT of parsing was being done for RSS feeds, and a LOT of
redundant data was being saved to disk that shouldn't have been. The
reason was because we didn't remember to save the last build date to
the DB when the feed was unchanged.

That resulted in the following pseudo-code:

1. Check the feed. Has the build date changed vs the latest one in
   the DB? Yes. Save the latest bulid date to the DB and download and
   parse the feed.

2. Wait awhile...check the feed. Has the build date changed since the
   last time? No; move on. Save to the DB that we checked the item
   and it was unchanged but omit the build date column.

3. Wait awhile...check the feed. Has the build date changed since hte
   last time? Yes! The last time has a value of None for the build
   date and now we have a different build date. Download and parse it;
   save the build date to the DB.

4. Repeat step 2, then 3, then 2, then 3....

So every other time we checked it, we'd find that the build date had
changed. Lovely!

Anyway, the fix is simple, as you can see. Just make sure that if we
are able to get a build date, we save that value to the DB for future
iterations.

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[7adeca9acf...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/7adeca9acfde54597739e12cf3f33bb4836654d4)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 15:33:33 by Nicholas Feinberg

Invoke the malevolent chronology of Zot

The natural tendency for roguelikes is to encourage cautious behavior.
It's over once you die once, after all, so you should take your time.
That's not a bad thing, but to balance things out and discourage
extremely time-consuming tactics (which tend not to be very fun!),
it's good to have a counterpressure encouraging players to move quickly.

Food was intended to be such a clock, but for a variety of reasons, it
never worked as a clock for anything but the most egregious abuses.
(And not even for that for foodless races, of course.) Scores is a
compelling motivation for some players, but not many - most are just
playing to win. How can we make the most viable way to win also the
most fun?

This commit adds a new 'Zot Clock'. It ticks up over time, and jumps
down whenever you enter a new level - roughly 6000 turns of clock per
level. Once you hit turn 11,500 or so on the clock, the malevolent and
unexplained entity Zot strikes, draining you immediately and then again
once every 100 turns or so. At turn 12,000, you die. Each branch tracks
the 'clock' separately.

6000 turns per level allows for a 300,000 turn 3-rune game, which
seems very generous. The effective cap of 12,000 turns 'stored' at any
given time means that there's somewhat less slack than that implies,
but a slow character can usually do levels in under 2500 turns and
inter-level travel in under 500, so I'm hopeful that normal characters
will rarely if ever see any of this system. The very slowest game we saw
(an extreme outlier) averaged slightly over 5k turns per level in one
branch and hit 7.5k turns in one level, which this clock would cover.

We use 'levels seen' here as a proxy for progress because that's
simple to conceptualize and relatively difficult to abuse - it's hard
to "stash" entire levels as a clock reserve in the same way you could
stash "unexplored map tiles" or "weak monsters". The separate clock
per branch allows players to dip into branches and then bail without
being penalized - the per-branch clock is paused while they're away.

The clock is paused while you're in Abyss, since that doesn't fit the
exploration model well and isn't usually that wise to linger in, and
turned off entirely when you get the ORB, since (a) there's a new
clock then and (b) it'd feel awful to die of time-out on the orb run.
It's possible to scum Pan for time, but I mean, if you're scumming
Pan, just win already!

Chei gives you some extra time, in keeping with the theme of the
god. It's possible that races need different clocks based on their
movement speeds, but I'm hopeful that the difference there is fairly
small relative to the slack in the clock.

---
## [nma96/Machine-Learning-Pipelines](https://github.com/nma96/Machine-Learning-Pipelines)@[a88ce2c8fb...](https://github.com/nma96/Machine-Learning-Pipelines/commit/a88ce2c8fb04c1777257309907f86a0a42eccf09)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 16:21:44 by nma96

Added Data Cleansing package
diff --git a/Datasets/Titanic/gender_submission.csv b/Datasets/Titanic/gender_submission.csv
new file mode 100644
index 0000000..7594506
--- /dev/null
+++ b/Datasets/Titanic/gender_submission.csv
@@ -0,0 +1,419 @@
+PassengerId,Survived
+892,0
+893,1
+894,0
+895,0
+896,1
+897,0
+898,1
+899,0
+900,1
+901,0
+902,0
+903,0
+904,1
+905,0
+906,1
+907,1
+908,0
+909,0
+910,1
+911,1
+912,0
+913,0
+914,1
+915,0
+916,1
+917,0
+918,1
+919,0
+920,0
+921,0
+922,0
+923,0
+924,1
+925,1
+926,0
+927,0
+928,1
+929,1
+930,0
+931,0
+932,0
+933,0
+934,0
+935,1
+936,1
+937,0
+938,0
+939,0
+940,1
+941,1
+942,0
+943,0
+944,1
+945,1
+946,0
+947,0
+948,0
+949,0
+950,0
+951,1
+952,0
+953,0
+954,0
+955,1
+956,0
+957,1
+958,1
+959,0
+960,0
+961,1
+962,1
+963,0
+964,1
+965,0
+966,1
+967,0
+968,0
+969,1
+970,0
+971,1
+972,0
+973,0
+974,0
+975,0
+976,0
+977,0
+978,1
+979,1
+980,1
+981,0
+982,1
+983,0
+984,1
+985,0
+986,0
+987,0
+988,1
+989,0
+990,1
+991,0
+992,1
+993,0
+994,0
+995,0
+996,1
+997,0
+998,0
+999,0
+1000,0
+1001,0
+1002,0
+1003,1
+1004,1
+1005,1
+1006,1
+1007,0
+1008,0
+1009,1
+1010,0
+1011,1
+1012,1
+1013,0
+1014,1
+1015,0
+1016,0
+1017,1
+1018,0
+1019,1
+1020,0
+1021,0
+1022,0
+1023,0
+1024,1
+1025,0
+1026,0
+1027,0
+1028,0
+1029,0
+1030,1
+1031,0
+1032,1
+1033,1
+1034,0
+1035,0
+1036,0
+1037,0
+1038,0
+1039,0
+1040,0
+1041,0
+1042,1
+1043,0
+1044,0
+1045,1
+1046,0
+1047,0
+1048,1
+1049,1
+1050,0
+1051,1
+1052,1
+1053,0
+1054,1
+1055,0
+1056,0
+1057,1
+1058,0
+1059,0
+1060,1
+1061,1
+1062,0
+1063,0
+1064,0
+1065,0
+1066,0
+1067,1
+1068,1
+1069,0
+1070,1
+1071,1
+1072,0
+1073,0
+1074,1
+1075,0
+1076,1
+1077,0
+1078,1
+1079,0
+1080,1
+1081,0
+1082,0
+1083,0
+1084,0
+1085,0
+1086,0
+1087,0
+1088,0
+1089,1
+1090,0
+1091,1
+1092,1
+1093,0
+1094,0
+1095,1
+1096,0
+1097,0
+1098,1
+1099,0
+1100,1
+1101,0
+1102,0
+1103,0
+1104,0
+1105,1
+1106,1
+1107,0
+1108,1
+1109,0
+1110,1
+1111,0
+1112,1
+1113,0
+1114,1
+1115,0
+1116,1
+1117,1
+1118,0
+1119,1
+1120,0
+1121,0
+1122,0
+1123,1
+1124,0
+1125,0
+1126,0
+1127,0
+1128,0
+1129,0
+1130,1
+1131,1
+1132,1
+1133,1
+1134,0
+1135,0
+1136,0
+1137,0
+1138,1
+1139,0
+1140,1
+1141,1
+1142,1
+1143,0
+1144,0
+1145,0
+1146,0
+1147,0
+1148,0
+1149,0
+1150,1
+1151,0
+1152,0
+1153,0
+1154,1
+1155,1
+1156,0
+1157,0
+1158,0
+1159,0
+1160,1
+1161,0
+1162,0
+1163,0
+1164,1
+1165,1
+1166,0
+1167,1
+1168,0
+1169,0
+1170,0
+1171,0
+1172,1
+1173,0
+1174,1
+1175,1
+1176,1
+1177,0
+1178,0
+1179,0
+1180,0
+1181,0
+1182,0
+1183,1
+1184,0
+1185,0
+1186,0
+1187,0
+1188,1
+1189,0
+1190,0
+1191,0
+1192,0
+1193,0
+1194,0
+1195,0
+1196,1
+1197,1
+1198,0
+1199,0
+1200,0
+1201,1
+1202,0
+1203,0
+1204,0
+1205,1
+1206,1
+1207,1
+1208,0
+1209,0
+1210,0
+1211,0
+1212,0
+1213,0
+1214,0
+1215,0
+1216,1
+1217,0
+1218,1
+1219,0
+1220,0
+1221,0
+1222,1
+1223,0
+1224,0
+1225,1
+1226,0
+1227,0
+1228,0
+1229,0
+1230,0
+1231,0
+1232,0
+1233,0
+1234,0
+1235,1
+1236,0
+1237,1
+1238,0
+1239,1
+1240,0
+1241,1
+1242,1
+1243,0
+1244,0
+1245,0
+1246,1
+1247,0
+1248,1
+1249,0
+1250,0
+1251,1
+1252,0
+1253,1
+1254,1
+1255,0
+1256,1
+1257,1
+1258,0
+1259,1
+1260,1
+1261,0
+1262,0
+1263,1
+1264,0
+1265,0
+1266,1
+1267,1
+1268,1
+1269,0
+1270,0
+1271,0
+1272,0
+1273,0
+1274,1
+1275,1
+1276,0
+1277,1
+1278,0
+1279,0
+1280,0
+1281,0
+1282,0
+1283,1
+1284,0
+1285,0
+1286,0
+1287,1
+1288,0
+1289,1
+1290,0
+1291,0
+1292,1
+1293,0
+1294,1
+1295,0
+1296,0
+1297,0
+1298,0
+1299,0
+1300,1
+1301,1
+1302,1
+1303,1
+1304,1
+1305,0
+1306,1
+1307,0
+1308,0
+1309,0
diff --git a/Datasets/Titanic/test.csv b/Datasets/Titanic/test.csv
new file mode 100644
index 0000000..f705412
--- /dev/null
+++ b/Datasets/Titanic/test.csv
@@ -0,0 +1,419 @@
+PassengerId,Pclass,Name,Sex,Age,SibSp,Parch,Ticket,Fare,Cabin,Embarked
+892,3,"Kelly, Mr. James",male,34.5,0,0,330911,7.8292,,Q
+893,3,"Wilkes, Mrs. James (Ellen Needs)",female,47,1,0,363272,7,,S
+894,2,"Myles, Mr. Thomas Francis",male,62,0,0,240276,9.6875,,Q
+895,3,"Wirz, Mr. Albert",male,27,0,0,315154,8.6625,,S
+896,3,"Hirvonen, Mrs. Alexander (Helga E Lindqvist)",female,22,1,1,3101298,12.2875,,S
+897,3,"Svensson, Mr. Johan Cervin",male,14,0,0,7538,9.225,,S
+898,3,"Connolly, Miss. Kate",female,30,0,0,330972,7.6292,,Q
+899,2,"Caldwell, Mr. Albert Francis",male,26,1,1,248738,29,,S
+900,3,"Abrahim, Mrs. Joseph (Sophie Halaut Easu)",female,18,0,0,2657,7.2292,,C
+901,3,"Davies, Mr. John Samuel",male,21,2,0,A/4 48871,24.15,,S
+902,3,"Ilieff, Mr. Ylio",male,,0,0,349220,7.8958,,S
+903,1,"Jones, Mr. Charles Cresson",male,46,0,0,694,26,,S
+904,1,"Snyder, Mrs. John Pillsbury (Nelle Stevenson)",female,23,1,0,21228,82.2667,B45,S
+905,2,"Howard, Mr. Benjamin",male,63,1,0,24065,26,,S
+906,1,"Chaffee, Mrs. Herbert Fuller (Carrie Constance Toogood)",female,47,1,0,W.E.P. 5734,61.175,E31,S
+907,2,"del Carlo, Mrs. Sebastiano (Argenia Genovesi)",female,24,1,0,SC/PARIS 2167,27.7208,,C
+908,2,"Keane, Mr. Daniel",male,35,0,0,233734,12.35,,Q
+909,3,"Assaf, Mr. Gerios",male,21,0,0,2692,7.225,,C
+910,3,"Ilmakangas, Miss. Ida Livija",female,27,1,0,STON/O2. 3101270,7.925,,S
+911,3,"Assaf Khalil, Mrs. Mariana (Miriam"")""",female,45,0,0,2696,7.225,,C
+912,1,"Rothschild, Mr. Martin",male,55,1,0,PC 17603,59.4,,C
+913,3,"Olsen, Master. Artur Karl",male,9,0,1,C 17368,3.1708,,S
+914,1,"Flegenheim, Mrs. Alfred (Antoinette)",female,,0,0,PC 17598,31.6833,,S
+915,1,"Williams, Mr. Richard Norris II",male,21,0,1,PC 17597,61.3792,,C
+916,1,"Ryerson, Mrs. Arthur Larned (Emily Maria Borie)",female,48,1,3,PC 17608,262.375,B57 B59 B63 B66,C
+917,3,"Robins, Mr. Alexander A",male,50,1,0,A/5. 3337,14.5,,S
+918,1,"Ostby, Miss. Helene Ragnhild",female,22,0,1,113509,61.9792,B36,C
+919,3,"Daher, Mr. Shedid",male,22.5,0,0,2698,7.225,,C
+920,1,"Brady, Mr. John Bertram",male,41,0,0,113054,30.5,A21,S
+921,3,"Samaan, Mr. Elias",male,,2,0,2662,21.6792,,C
+922,2,"Louch, Mr. Charles Alexander",male,50,1,0,SC/AH 3085,26,,S
+923,2,"Jefferys, Mr. Clifford Thomas",male,24,2,0,C.A. 31029,31.5,,S
+924,3,"Dean, Mrs. Bertram (Eva Georgetta Light)",female,33,1,2,C.A. 2315,20.575,,S
+925,3,"Johnston, Mrs. Andrew G (Elizabeth Lily"" Watson)""",female,,1,2,W./C. 6607,23.45,,S
+926,1,"Mock, Mr. Philipp Edmund",male,30,1,0,13236,57.75,C78,C
+927,3,"Katavelas, Mr. Vassilios (Catavelas Vassilios"")""",male,18.5,0,0,2682,7.2292,,C
+928,3,"Roth, Miss. Sarah A",female,,0,0,342712,8.05,,S
+929,3,"Cacic, Miss. Manda",female,21,0,0,315087,8.6625,,S
+930,3,"Sap, Mr. Julius",male,25,0,0,345768,9.5,,S
+931,3,"Hee, Mr. Ling",male,,0,0,1601,56.4958,,S
+932,3,"Karun, Mr. Franz",male,39,0,1,349256,13.4167,,C
+933,1,"Franklin, Mr. Thomas Parham",male,,0,0,113778,26.55,D34,S
+934,3,"Goldsmith, Mr. Nathan",male,41,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101263,7.85,,S
+935,2,"Corbett, Mrs. Walter H (Irene Colvin)",female,30,0,0,237249,13,,S
+936,1,"Kimball, Mrs. Edwin Nelson Jr (Gertrude Parsons)",female,45,1,0,11753,52.5542,D19,S
+937,3,"Peltomaki, Mr. Nikolai Johannes",male,25,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101291,7.925,,S
+938,1,"Chevre, Mr. Paul Romaine",male,45,0,0,PC 17594,29.7,A9,C
+939,3,"Shaughnessy, Mr. Patrick",male,,0,0,370374,7.75,,Q
+940,1,"Bucknell, Mrs. William Robert (Emma Eliza Ward)",female,60,0,0,11813,76.2917,D15,C
+941,3,"Coutts, Mrs. William (Winnie Minnie"" Treanor)""",female,36,0,2,C.A. 37671,15.9,,S
+942,1,"Smith, Mr. Lucien Philip",male,24,1,0,13695,60,C31,S
+943,2,"Pulbaum, Mr. Franz",male,27,0,0,SC/PARIS 2168,15.0333,,C
+944,2,"Hocking, Miss. Ellen Nellie""""",female,20,2,1,29105,23,,S
+945,1,"Fortune, Miss. Ethel Flora",female,28,3,2,19950,263,C23 C25 C27,S
+946,2,"Mangiavacchi, Mr. Serafino Emilio",male,,0,0,SC/A.3 2861,15.5792,,C
+947,3,"Rice, Master. Albert",male,10,4,1,382652,29.125,,Q
+948,3,"Cor, Mr. Bartol",male,35,0,0,349230,7.8958,,S
+949,3,"Abelseth, Mr. Olaus Jorgensen",male,25,0,0,348122,7.65,F G63,S
+950,3,"Davison, Mr. Thomas Henry",male,,1,0,386525,16.1,,S
+951,1,"Chaudanson, Miss. Victorine",female,36,0,0,PC 17608,262.375,B61,C
+952,3,"Dika, Mr. Mirko",male,17,0,0,349232,7.8958,,S
+953,2,"McCrae, Mr. Arthur Gordon",male,32,0,0,237216,13.5,,S
+954,3,"Bjorklund, Mr. Ernst Herbert",male,18,0,0,347090,7.75,,S
+955,3,"Bradley, Miss. Bridget Delia",female,22,0,0,334914,7.725,,Q
+956,1,"Ryerson, Master. John Borie",male,13,2,2,PC 17608,262.375,B57 B59 B63 B66,C
+957,2,"Corey, Mrs. Percy C (Mary Phyllis Elizabeth Miller)",female,,0,0,F.C.C. 13534,21,,S
+958,3,"Burns, Miss. Mary Delia",female,18,0,0,330963,7.8792,,Q
+959,1,"Moore, Mr. Clarence Bloomfield",male,47,0,0,113796,42.4,,S
+960,1,"Tucker, Mr. Gilbert Milligan Jr",male,31,0,0,2543,28.5375,C53,C
+961,1,"Fortune, Mrs. Mark (Mary McDougald)",female,60,1,4,19950,263,C23 C25 C27,S
+962,3,"Mulvihill, Miss. Bertha E",female,24,0,0,382653,7.75,,Q
+963,3,"Minkoff, Mr. Lazar",male,21,0,0,349211,7.8958,,S
+964,3,"Nieminen, Miss. Manta Josefina",female,29,0,0,3101297,7.925,,S
+965,1,"Ovies y Rodriguez, Mr. Servando",male,28.5,0,0,PC 17562,27.7208,D43,C
+966,1,"Geiger, Miss. Amalie",female,35,0,0,113503,211.5,C130,C
+967,1,"Keeping, Mr. Edwin",male,32.5,0,0,113503,211.5,C132,C
+968,3,"Miles, Mr. Frank",male,,0,0,359306,8.05,,S
+969,1,"Cornell, Mrs. Robert Clifford (Malvina Helen Lamson)",female,55,2,0,11770,25.7,C101,S
+970,2,"Aldworth, Mr. Charles Augustus",male,30,0,0,248744,13,,S
+971,3,"Doyle, Miss. Elizabeth",female,24,0,0,368702,7.75,,Q
+972,3,"Boulos, Master. Akar",male,6,1,1,2678,15.2458,,C
+973,1,"Straus, Mr. Isidor",male,67,1,0,PC 17483,221.7792,C55 C57,S
+974,1,"Case, Mr. Howard Brown",male,49,0,0,19924,26,,S
+975,3,"Demetri, Mr. Marinko",male,,0,0,349238,7.8958,,S
+976,2,"Lamb, Mr. John Joseph",male,,0,0,240261,10.7083,,Q
+977,3,"Khalil, Mr. Betros",male,,1,0,2660,14.4542,,C
+978,3,"Barry, Miss. Julia",female,27,0,0,330844,7.8792,,Q
+979,3,"Badman, Miss. Emily Louisa",female,18,0,0,A/4 31416,8.05,,S
+980,3,"O'Donoghue, Ms. Bridget",female,,0,0,364856,7.75,,Q
+981,2,"Wells, Master. Ralph Lester",male,2,1,1,29103,23,,S
+982,3,"Dyker, Mrs. Adolf Fredrik (Anna Elisabeth Judith Andersson)",female,22,1,0,347072,13.9,,S
+983,3,"Pedersen, Mr. Olaf",male,,0,0,345498,7.775,,S
+984,1,"Davidson, Mrs. Thornton (Orian Hays)",female,27,1,2,F.C. 12750,52,B71,S
+985,3,"Guest, Mr. Robert",male,,0,0,376563,8.05,,S
+986,1,"Birnbaum, Mr. Jakob",male,25,0,0,13905,26,,C
+987,3,"Tenglin, Mr. Gunnar Isidor",male,25,0,0,350033,7.7958,,S
+988,1,"Cavendish, Mrs. Tyrell William (Julia Florence Siegel)",female,76,1,0,19877,78.85,C46,S
+989,3,"Makinen, Mr. Kalle Edvard",male,29,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101268,7.925,,S
+990,3,"Braf, Miss. Elin Ester Maria",female,20,0,0,347471,7.8542,,S
+991,3,"Nancarrow, Mr. William Henry",male,33,0,0,A./5. 3338,8.05,,S
+992,1,"Stengel, Mrs. Charles Emil Henry (Annie May Morris)",female,43,1,0,11778,55.4417,C116,C
+993,2,"Weisz, Mr. Leopold",male,27,1,0,228414,26,,S
+994,3,"Foley, Mr. William",male,,0,0,365235,7.75,,Q
+995,3,"Johansson Palmquist, Mr. Oskar Leander",male,26,0,0,347070,7.775,,S
+996,3,"Thomas, Mrs. Alexander (Thamine Thelma"")""",female,16,1,1,2625,8.5167,,C
+997,3,"Holthen, Mr. Johan Martin",male,28,0,0,C 4001,22.525,,S
+998,3,"Buckley, Mr. Daniel",male,21,0,0,330920,7.8208,,Q
+999,3,"Ryan, Mr. Edward",male,,0,0,383162,7.75,,Q
+1000,3,"Willer, Mr. Aaron (Abi Weller"")""",male,,0,0,3410,8.7125,,S
+1001,2,"Swane, Mr. George",male,18.5,0,0,248734,13,F,S
+1002,2,"Stanton, Mr. Samuel Ward",male,41,0,0,237734,15.0458,,C
+1003,3,"Shine, Miss. Ellen Natalia",female,,0,0,330968,7.7792,,Q
+1004,1,"Evans, Miss. Edith Corse",female,36,0,0,PC 17531,31.6792,A29,C
+1005,3,"Buckley, Miss. Katherine",female,18.5,0,0,329944,7.2833,,Q
+1006,1,"Straus, Mrs. Isidor (Rosalie Ida Blun)",female,63,1,0,PC 17483,221.7792,C55 C57,S
+1007,3,"Chronopoulos, Mr. Demetrios",male,18,1,0,2680,14.4542,,C
+1008,3,"Thomas, Mr. John",male,,0,0,2681,6.4375,,C
+1009,3,"Sandstrom, Miss. Beatrice Irene",female,1,1,1,PP 9549,16.7,G6,S
+1010,1,"Beattie, Mr. Thomson",male,36,0,0,13050,75.2417,C6,C
+1011,2,"Chapman, Mrs. John Henry (Sara Elizabeth Lawry)",female,29,1,0,SC/AH 29037,26,,S
+1012,2,"Watt, Miss. Bertha J",female,12,0,0,C.A. 33595,15.75,,S
+1013,3,"Kiernan, Mr. John",male,,1,0,367227,7.75,,Q
+1014,1,"Schabert, Mrs. Paul (Emma Mock)",female,35,1,0,13236,57.75,C28,C
+1015,3,"Carver, Mr. Alfred John",male,28,0,0,392095,7.25,,S
+1016,3,"Kennedy, Mr. John",male,,0,0,368783,7.75,,Q
+1017,3,"Cribb, Miss. Laura Alice",female,17,0,1,371362,16.1,,S
+1018,3,"Brobeck, Mr. Karl Rudolf",male,22,0,0,350045,7.7958,,S
+1019,3,"McCoy, Miss. Alicia",female,,2,0,367226,23.25,,Q
+1020,2,"Bowenur, Mr. Solomon",male,42,0,0,211535,13,,S
+1021,3,"Petersen, Mr. Marius",male,24,0,0,342441,8.05,,S
+1022,3,"Spinner, Mr. Henry John",male,32,0,0,STON/OQ. 369943,8.05,,S
+1023,1,"Gracie, Col. Archibald IV",male,53,0,0,113780,28.5,C51,C
+1024,3,"Lefebre, Mrs. Frank (Frances)",female,,0,4,4133,25.4667,,S
+1025,3,"Thomas, Mr. Charles P",male,,1,0,2621,6.4375,,C
+1026,3,"Dintcheff, Mr. Valtcho",male,43,0,0,349226,7.8958,,S
+1027,3,"Carlsson, Mr. Carl Robert",male,24,0,0,350409,7.8542,,S
+1028,3,"Zakarian, Mr. Mapriededer",male,26.5,0,0,2656,7.225,,C
+1029,2,"Schmidt, Mr. August",male,26,0,0,248659,13,,S
+1030,3,"Drapkin, Miss. Jennie",female,23,0,0,SOTON/OQ 392083,8.05,,S
+1031,3,"Goodwin, Mr. Charles Frederick",male,40,1,6,CA 2144,46.9,,S
+1032,3,"Goodwin, Miss. Jessie Allis",female,10,5,2,CA 2144,46.9,,S
+1033,1,"Daniels, Miss. Sarah",female,33,0,0,113781,151.55,,S
+1034,1,"Ryerson, Mr. Arthur Larned",male,61,1,3,PC 17608,262.375,B57 B59 B63 B66,C
+1035,2,"Beauchamp, Mr. Henry James",male,28,0,0,244358,26,,S
+1036,1,"Lindeberg-Lind, Mr. Erik Gustaf (Mr Edward Lingrey"")""",male,42,0,0,17475,26.55,,S
+1037,3,"Vander Planke, Mr. Julius",male,31,3,0,345763,18,,S
+1038,1,"Hilliard, Mr. Herbert Henry",male,,0,0,17463,51.8625,E46,S
+1039,3,"Davies, Mr. Evan",male,22,0,0,SC/A4 23568,8.05,,S
+1040,1,"Crafton, Mr. John Bertram",male,,0,0,113791,26.55,,S
+1041,2,"Lahtinen, Rev. William",male,30,1,1,250651,26,,S
+1042,1,"Earnshaw, Mrs. Boulton (Olive Potter)",female,23,0,1,11767,83.1583,C54,C
+1043,3,"Matinoff, Mr. Nicola",male,,0,0,349255,7.8958,,C
+1044,3,"Storey, Mr. Thomas",male,60.5,0,0,3701,,,S
+1045,3,"Klasen, Mrs. (Hulda Kristina Eugenia Lofqvist)",female,36,0,2,350405,12.1833,,S
+1046,3,"Asplund, Master. Filip Oscar",male,13,4,2,347077,31.3875,,S
+1047,3,"Duquemin, Mr. Joseph",male,24,0,0,S.O./P.P. 752,7.55,,S
+1048,1,"Bird, Miss. Ellen",female,29,0,0,PC 17483,221.7792,C97,S
+1049,3,"Lundin, Miss. Olga Elida",female,23,0,0,347469,7.8542,,S
+1050,1,"Borebank, Mr. John James",male,42,0,0,110489,26.55,D22,S
+1051,3,"Peacock, Mrs. Benjamin (Edith Nile)",female,26,0,2,SOTON/O.Q. 3101315,13.775,,S
+1052,3,"Smyth, Miss. Julia",female,,0,0,335432,7.7333,,Q
+1053,3,"Touma, Master. Georges Youssef",male,7,1,1,2650,15.2458,,C
+1054,2,"Wright, Miss. Marion",female,26,0,0,220844,13.5,,S
+1055,3,"Pearce, Mr. Ernest",male,,0,0,343271,7,,S
+1056,2,"Peruschitz, Rev. Joseph Maria",male,41,0,0,237393,13,,S
+1057,3,"Kink-Heilmann, Mrs. Anton (Luise Heilmann)",female,26,1,1,315153,22.025,,S
+1058,1,"Brandeis, Mr. Emil",male,48,0,0,PC 17591,50.4958,B10,C
+1059,3,"Ford, Mr. Edward Watson",male,18,2,2,W./C. 6608,34.375,,S
+1060,1,"Cassebeer, Mrs. Henry Arthur Jr (Eleanor Genevieve Fosdick)",female,,0,0,17770,27.7208,,C
+1061,3,"Hellstrom, Miss. Hilda Maria",female,22,0,0,7548,8.9625,,S
+1062,3,"Lithman, Mr. Simon",male,,0,0,S.O./P.P. 251,7.55,,S
+1063,3,"Zakarian, Mr. Ortin",male,27,0,0,2670,7.225,,C
+1064,3,"Dyker, Mr. Adolf Fredrik",male,23,1,0,347072,13.9,,S
+1065,3,"Torfa, Mr. Assad",male,,0,0,2673,7.2292,,C
+1066,3,"Asplund, Mr. Carl Oscar Vilhelm Gustafsson",male,40,1,5,347077,31.3875,,S
+1067,2,"Brown, Miss. Edith Eileen",female,15,0,2,29750,39,,S
+1068,2,"Sincock, Miss. Maude",female,20,0,0,C.A. 33112,36.75,,S
+1069,1,"Stengel, Mr. Charles Emil Henry",male,54,1,0,11778,55.4417,C116,C
+1070,2,"Becker, Mrs. Allen Oliver (Nellie E Baumgardner)",female,36,0,3,230136,39,F4,S
+1071,1,"Compton, Mrs. Alexander Taylor (Mary Eliza Ingersoll)",female,64,0,2,PC 17756,83.1583,E45,C
+1072,2,"McCrie, Mr. James Matthew",male,30,0,0,233478,13,,S
+1073,1,"Compton, Mr. Alexander Taylor Jr",male,37,1,1,PC 17756,83.1583,E52,C
+1074,1,"Marvin, Mrs. Daniel Warner (Mary Graham Carmichael Farquarson)",female,18,1,0,113773,53.1,D30,S
+1075,3,"Lane, Mr. Patrick",male,,0,0,7935,7.75,,Q
+1076,1,"Douglas, Mrs. Frederick Charles (Mary Helene Baxter)",female,27,1,1,PC 17558,247.5208,B58 B60,C
+1077,2,"Maybery, Mr. Frank Hubert",male,40,0,0,239059,16,,S
+1078,2,"Phillips, Miss. Alice Frances Louisa",female,21,0,1,S.O./P.P. 2,21,,S
+1079,3,"Davies, Mr. Joseph",male,17,2,0,A/4 48873,8.05,,S
+1080,3,"Sage, Miss. Ada",female,,8,2,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+1081,2,"Veal, Mr. James",male,40,0,0,28221,13,,S
+1082,2,"Angle, Mr. William A",male,34,1,0,226875,26,,S
+1083,1,"Salomon, Mr. Abraham L",male,,0,0,111163,26,,S
+1084,3,"van Billiard, Master. Walter John",male,11.5,1,1,A/5. 851,14.5,,S
+1085,2,"Lingane, Mr. John",male,61,0,0,235509,12.35,,Q
+1086,2,"Drew, Master. Marshall Brines",male,8,0,2,28220,32.5,,S
+1087,3,"Karlsson, Mr. Julius Konrad Eugen",male,33,0,0,347465,7.8542,,S
+1088,1,"Spedden, Master. Robert Douglas",male,6,0,2,16966,134.5,E34,C
+1089,3,"Nilsson, Miss. Berta Olivia",female,18,0,0,347066,7.775,,S
+1090,2,"Baimbrigge, Mr. Charles Robert",male,23,0,0,C.A. 31030,10.5,,S
+1091,3,"Rasmussen, Mrs. (Lena Jacobsen Solvang)",female,,0,0,65305,8.1125,,S
+1092,3,"Murphy, Miss. Nora",female,,0,0,36568,15.5,,Q
+1093,3,"Danbom, Master. Gilbert Sigvard Emanuel",male,0.33,0,2,347080,14.4,,S
+1094,1,"Astor, Col. John Jacob",male,47,1,0,PC 17757,227.525,C62 C64,C
+1095,2,"Quick, Miss. Winifred Vera",female,8,1,1,26360,26,,S
+1096,2,"Andrew, Mr. Frank Thomas",male,25,0,0,C.A. 34050,10.5,,S
+1097,1,"Omont, Mr. Alfred Fernand",male,,0,0,F.C. 12998,25.7417,,C
+1098,3,"McGowan, Miss. Katherine",female,35,0,0,9232,7.75,,Q
+1099,2,"Collett, Mr. Sidney C Stuart",male,24,0,0,28034,10.5,,S
+1100,1,"Rosenbaum, Miss. Edith Louise",female,33,0,0,PC 17613,27.7208,A11,C
+1101,3,"Delalic, Mr. Redjo",male,25,0,0,349250,7.8958,,S
+1102,3,"Andersen, Mr. Albert Karvin",male,32,0,0,C 4001,22.525,,S
+1103,3,"Finoli, Mr. Luigi",male,,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101308,7.05,,S
+1104,2,"Deacon, Mr. Percy William",male,17,0,0,S.O.C. 14879,73.5,,S
+1105,2,"Howard, Mrs. Benjamin (Ellen Truelove Arman)",female,60,1,0,24065,26,,S
+1106,3,"Andersson, Miss. Ida Augusta Margareta",female,38,4,2,347091,7.775,,S
+1107,1,"Head, Mr. Christopher",male,42,0,0,113038,42.5,B11,S
+1108,3,"Mahon, Miss. Bridget Delia",female,,0,0,330924,7.8792,,Q
+1109,1,"Wick, Mr. George Dennick",male,57,1,1,36928,164.8667,,S
+1110,1,"Widener, Mrs. George Dunton (Eleanor Elkins)",female,50,1,1,113503,211.5,C80,C
+1111,3,"Thomson, Mr. Alexander Morrison",male,,0,0,32302,8.05,,S
+1112,2,"Duran y More, Miss. Florentina",female,30,1,0,SC/PARIS 2148,13.8583,,C
+1113,3,"Reynolds, Mr. Harold J",male,21,0,0,342684,8.05,,S
+1114,2,"Cook, Mrs. (Selena Rogers)",female,22,0,0,W./C. 14266,10.5,F33,S
+1115,3,"Karlsson, Mr. Einar Gervasius",male,21,0,0,350053,7.7958,,S
+1116,1,"Candee, Mrs. Edward (Helen Churchill Hungerford)",female,53,0,0,PC 17606,27.4458,,C
+1117,3,"Moubarek, Mrs. George (Omine Amenia"" Alexander)""",female,,0,2,2661,15.2458,,C
+1118,3,"Asplund, Mr. Johan Charles",male,23,0,0,350054,7.7958,,S
+1119,3,"McNeill, Miss. Bridget",female,,0,0,370368,7.75,,Q
+1120,3,"Everett, Mr. Thomas James",male,40.5,0,0,C.A. 6212,15.1,,S
+1121,2,"Hocking, Mr. Samuel James Metcalfe",male,36,0,0,242963,13,,S
+1122,2,"Sweet, Mr. George Frederick",male,14,0,0,220845,65,,S
+1123,1,"Willard, Miss. Constance",female,21,0,0,113795,26.55,,S
+1124,3,"Wiklund, Mr. Karl Johan",male,21,1,0,3101266,6.4958,,S
+1125,3,"Linehan, Mr. Michael",male,,0,0,330971,7.8792,,Q
+1126,1,"Cumings, Mr. John Bradley",male,39,1,0,PC 17599,71.2833,C85,C
+1127,3,"Vendel, Mr. Olof Edvin",male,20,0,0,350416,7.8542,,S
+1128,1,"Warren, Mr. Frank Manley",male,64,1,0,110813,75.25,D37,C
+1129,3,"Baccos, Mr. Raffull",male,20,0,0,2679,7.225,,C
+1130,2,"Hiltunen, Miss. Marta",female,18,1,1,250650,13,,S
+1131,1,"Douglas, Mrs. Walter Donald (Mahala Dutton)",female,48,1,0,PC 17761,106.425,C86,C
+1132,1,"Lindstrom, Mrs. Carl Johan (Sigrid Posse)",female,55,0,0,112377,27.7208,,C
+1133,2,"Christy, Mrs. (Alice Frances)",female,45,0,2,237789,30,,S
+1134,1,"Spedden, Mr. Frederic Oakley",male,45,1,1,16966,134.5,E34,C
+1135,3,"Hyman, Mr. Abraham",male,,0,0,3470,7.8875,,S
+1136,3,"Johnston, Master. William Arthur Willie""""",male,,1,2,W./C. 6607,23.45,,S
+1137,1,"Kenyon, Mr. Frederick R",male,41,1,0,17464,51.8625,D21,S
+1138,2,"Karnes, Mrs. J Frank (Claire Bennett)",female,22,0,0,F.C.C. 13534,21,,S
+1139,2,"Drew, Mr. James Vivian",male,42,1,1,28220,32.5,,S
+1140,2,"Hold, Mrs. Stephen (Annie Margaret Hill)",female,29,1,0,26707,26,,S
+1141,3,"Khalil, Mrs. Betros (Zahie Maria"" Elias)""",female,,1,0,2660,14.4542,,C
+1142,2,"West, Miss. Barbara J",female,0.92,1,2,C.A. 34651,27.75,,S
+1143,3,"Abrahamsson, Mr. Abraham August Johannes",male,20,0,0,SOTON/O2 3101284,7.925,,S
+1144,1,"Clark, Mr. Walter Miller",male,27,1,0,13508,136.7792,C89,C
+1145,3,"Salander, Mr. Karl Johan",male,24,0,0,7266,9.325,,S
+1146,3,"Wenzel, Mr. Linhart",male,32.5,0,0,345775,9.5,,S
+1147,3,"MacKay, Mr. George William",male,,0,0,C.A. 42795,7.55,,S
+1148,3,"Mahon, Mr. John",male,,0,0,AQ/4 3130,7.75,,Q
+1149,3,"Niklasson, Mr. Samuel",male,28,0,0,363611,8.05,,S
+1150,2,"Bentham, Miss. Lilian W",female,19,0,0,28404,13,,S
+1151,3,"Midtsjo, Mr. Karl Albert",male,21,0,0,345501,7.775,,S
+1152,3,"de Messemaeker, Mr. Guillaume Joseph",male,36.5,1,0,345572,17.4,,S
+1153,3,"Nilsson, Mr. August Ferdinand",male,21,0,0,350410,7.8542,,S
+1154,2,"Wells, Mrs. Arthur Henry (Addie"" Dart Trevaskis)""",female,29,0,2,29103,23,,S
+1155,3,"Klasen, Miss. Gertrud Emilia",female,1,1,1,350405,12.1833,,S
+1156,2,"Portaluppi, Mr. Emilio Ilario Giuseppe",male,30,0,0,C.A. 34644,12.7375,,C
+1157,3,"Lyntakoff, Mr. Stanko",male,,0,0,349235,7.8958,,S
+1158,1,"Chisholm, Mr. Roderick Robert Crispin",male,,0,0,112051,0,,S
+1159,3,"Warren, Mr. Charles William",male,,0,0,C.A. 49867,7.55,,S
+1160,3,"Howard, Miss. May Elizabeth",female,,0,0,A. 2. 39186,8.05,,S
+1161,3,"Pokrnic, Mr. Mate",male,17,0,0,315095,8.6625,,S
+1162,1,"McCaffry, Mr. Thomas Francis",male,46,0,0,13050,75.2417,C6,C
+1163,3,"Fox, Mr. Patrick",male,,0,0,368573,7.75,,Q
+1164,1,"Clark, Mrs. Walter Miller (Virginia McDowell)",female,26,1,0,13508,136.7792,C89,C
+1165,3,"Lennon, Miss. Mary",female,,1,0,370371,15.5,,Q
+1166,3,"Saade, Mr. Jean Nassr",male,,0,0,2676,7.225,,C
+1167,2,"Bryhl, Miss. Dagmar Jenny Ingeborg ",female,20,1,0,236853,26,,S
+1168,2,"Parker, Mr. Clifford Richard",male,28,0,0,SC 14888,10.5,,S
+1169,2,"Faunthorpe, Mr. Harry",male,40,1,0,2926,26,,S
+1170,2,"Ware, Mr. John James",male,30,1,0,CA 31352,21,,S
+1171,2,"Oxenham, Mr. Percy Thomas",male,22,0,0,W./C. 14260,10.5,,S
+1172,3,"Oreskovic, Miss. Jelka",female,23,0,0,315085,8.6625,,S
+1173,3,"Peacock, Master. Alfred Edward",male,0.75,1,1,SOTON/O.Q. 3101315,13.775,,S
+1174,3,"Fleming, Miss. Honora",female,,0,0,364859,7.75,,Q
+1175,3,"Touma, Miss. Maria Youssef",female,9,1,1,2650,15.2458,,C
+1176,3,"Rosblom, Miss. Salli Helena",female,2,1,1,370129,20.2125,,S
+1177,3,"Dennis, Mr. William",male,36,0,0,A/5 21175,7.25,,S
+1178,3,"Franklin, Mr. Charles (Charles Fardon)",male,,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101314,7.25,,S
+1179,1,"Snyder, Mr. John Pillsbury",male,24,1,0,21228,82.2667,B45,S
+1180,3,"Mardirosian, Mr. Sarkis",male,,0,0,2655,7.2292,F E46,C
+1181,3,"Ford, Mr. Arthur",male,,0,0,A/5 1478,8.05,,S
+1182,1,"Rheims, Mr. George Alexander Lucien",male,,0,0,PC 17607,39.6,,S
+1183,3,"Daly, Miss. Margaret Marcella Maggie""""",female,30,0,0,382650,6.95,,Q
+1184,3,"Nasr, Mr. Mustafa",male,,0,0,2652,7.2292,,C
+1185,1,"Dodge, Dr. Washington",male,53,1,1,33638,81.8583,A34,S
+1186,3,"Wittevrongel, Mr. Camille",male,36,0,0,345771,9.5,,S
+1187,3,"Angheloff, Mr. Minko",male,26,0,0,349202,7.8958,,S
+1188,2,"Laroche, Miss. Louise",female,1,1,2,SC/Paris 2123,41.5792,,C
+1189,3,"Samaan, Mr. Hanna",male,,2,0,2662,21.6792,,C
+1190,1,"Loring, Mr. Joseph Holland",male,30,0,0,113801,45.5,,S
+1191,3,"Johansson, Mr. Nils",male,29,0,0,347467,7.8542,,S
+1192,3,"Olsson, Mr. Oscar Wilhelm",male,32,0,0,347079,7.775,,S
+1193,2,"Malachard, Mr. Noel",male,,0,0,237735,15.0458,D,C
+1194,2,"Phillips, Mr. Escott Robert",male,43,0,1,S.O./P.P. 2,21,,S
+1195,3,"Pokrnic, Mr. Tome",male,24,0,0,315092,8.6625,,S
+1196,3,"McCarthy, Miss. Catherine Katie""""",female,,0,0,383123,7.75,,Q
+1197,1,"Crosby, Mrs. Edward Gifford (Catherine Elizabeth Halstead)",female,64,1,1,112901,26.55,B26,S
+1198,1,"Allison, Mr. Hudson Joshua Creighton",male,30,1,2,113781,151.55,C22 C26,S
+1199,3,"Aks, Master. Philip Frank",male,0.83,0,1,392091,9.35,,S
+1200,1,"Hays, Mr. Charles Melville",male,55,1,1,12749,93.5,B69,S
+1201,3,"Hansen, Mrs. Claus Peter (Jennie L Howard)",female,45,1,0,350026,14.1083,,S
+1202,3,"Cacic, Mr. Jego Grga",male,18,0,0,315091,8.6625,,S
+1203,3,"Vartanian, Mr. David",male,22,0,0,2658,7.225,,C
+1204,3,"Sadowitz, Mr. Harry",male,,0,0,LP 1588,7.575,,S
+1205,3,"Carr, Miss. Jeannie",female,37,0,0,368364,7.75,,Q
+1206,1,"White, Mrs. John Stuart (Ella Holmes)",female,55,0,0,PC 17760,135.6333,C32,C
+1207,3,"Hagardon, Miss. Kate",female,17,0,0,AQ/3. 30631,7.7333,,Q
+1208,1,"Spencer, Mr. William Augustus",male,57,1,0,PC 17569,146.5208,B78,C
+1209,2,"Rogers, Mr. Reginald Harry",male,19,0,0,28004,10.5,,S
+1210,3,"Jonsson, Mr. Nils Hilding",male,27,0,0,350408,7.8542,,S
+1211,2,"Jefferys, Mr. Ernest Wilfred",male,22,2,0,C.A. 31029,31.5,,S
+1212,3,"Andersson, Mr. Johan Samuel",male,26,0,0,347075,7.775,,S
+1213,3,"Krekorian, Mr. Neshan",male,25,0,0,2654,7.2292,F E57,C
+1214,2,"Nesson, Mr. Israel",male,26,0,0,244368,13,F2,S
+1215,1,"Rowe, Mr. Alfred G",male,33,0,0,113790,26.55,,S
+1216,1,"Kreuchen, Miss. Emilie",female,39,0,0,24160,211.3375,,S
+1217,3,"Assam, Mr. Ali",male,23,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101309,7.05,,S
+1218,2,"Becker, Miss. Ruth Elizabeth",female,12,2,1,230136,39,F4,S
+1219,1,"Rosenshine, Mr. George (Mr George Thorne"")""",male,46,0,0,PC 17585,79.2,,C
+1220,2,"Clarke, Mr. Charles Valentine",male,29,1,0,2003,26,,S
+1221,2,"Enander, Mr. Ingvar",male,21,0,0,236854,13,,S
+1222,2,"Davies, Mrs. John Morgan (Elizabeth Agnes Mary White) ",female,48,0,2,C.A. 33112,36.75,,S
+1223,1,"Dulles, Mr. William Crothers",male,39,0,0,PC 17580,29.7,A18,C
+1224,3,"Thomas, Mr. Tannous",male,,0,0,2684,7.225,,C
+1225,3,"Nakid, Mrs. Said (Waika Mary"" Mowad)""",female,19,1,1,2653,15.7417,,C
+1226,3,"Cor, Mr. Ivan",male,27,0,0,349229,7.8958,,S
+1227,1,"Maguire, Mr. John Edward",male,30,0,0,110469,26,C106,S
+1228,2,"de Brito, Mr. Jose Joaquim",male,32,0,0,244360,13,,S
+1229,3,"Elias, Mr. Joseph",male,39,0,2,2675,7.2292,,C
+1230,2,"Denbury, Mr. Herbert",male,25,0,0,C.A. 31029,31.5,,S
+1231,3,"Betros, Master. Seman",male,,0,0,2622,7.2292,,C
+1232,2,"Fillbrook, Mr. Joseph Charles",male,18,0,0,C.A. 15185,10.5,,S
+1233,3,"Lundstrom, Mr. Thure Edvin",male,32,0,0,350403,7.5792,,S
+1234,3,"Sage, Mr. John George",male,,1,9,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+1235,1,"Cardeza, Mrs. James Warburton Martinez (Charlotte Wardle Drake)",female,58,0,1,PC 17755,512.3292,B51 B53 B55,C
+1236,3,"van Billiard, Master. James William",male,,1,1,A/5. 851,14.5,,S
+1237,3,"Abelseth, Miss. Karen Marie",female,16,0,0,348125,7.65,,S
+1238,2,"Botsford, Mr. William Hull",male,26,0,0,237670,13,,S
+1239,3,"Whabee, Mrs. George Joseph (Shawneene Abi-Saab)",female,38,0,0,2688,7.2292,,C
+1240,2,"Giles, Mr. Ralph",male,24,0,0,248726,13.5,,S
+1241,2,"Walcroft, Miss. Nellie",female,31,0,0,F.C.C. 13528,21,,S
+1242,1,"Greenfield, Mrs. Leo David (Blanche Strouse)",female,45,0,1,PC 17759,63.3583,D10 D12,C
+1243,2,"Stokes, Mr. Philip Joseph",male,25,0,0,F.C.C. 13540,10.5,,S
+1244,2,"Dibden, Mr. William",male,18,0,0,S.O.C. 14879,73.5,,S
+1245,2,"Herman, Mr. Samuel",male,49,1,2,220845,65,,S
+1246,3,"Dean, Miss. Elizabeth Gladys Millvina""""",female,0.17,1,2,C.A. 2315,20.575,,S
+1247,1,"Julian, Mr. Henry Forbes",male,50,0,0,113044,26,E60,S
+1248,1,"Brown, Mrs. John Murray (Caroline Lane Lamson)",female,59,2,0,11769,51.4792,C101,S
+1249,3,"Lockyer, Mr. Edward",male,,0,0,1222,7.8792,,S
+1250,3,"O'Keefe, Mr. Patrick",male,,0,0,368402,7.75,,Q
+1251,3,"Lindell, Mrs. Edvard Bengtsson (Elin Gerda Persson)",female,30,1,0,349910,15.55,,S
+1252,3,"Sage, Master. William Henry",male,14.5,8,2,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+1253,2,"Mallet, Mrs. Albert (Antoinette Magnin)",female,24,1,1,S.C./PARIS 2079,37.0042,,C
+1254,2,"Ware, Mrs. John James (Florence Louise Long)",female,31,0,0,CA 31352,21,,S
+1255,3,"Strilic, Mr. Ivan",male,27,0,0,315083,8.6625,,S
+1256,1,"Harder, Mrs. George Achilles (Dorothy Annan)",female,25,1,0,11765,55.4417,E50,C
+1257,3,"Sage, Mrs. John (Annie Bullen)",female,,1,9,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+1258,3,"Caram, Mr. Joseph",male,,1,0,2689,14.4583,,C
+1259,3,"Riihivouri, Miss. Susanna Juhantytar Sanni""""",female,22,0,0,3101295,39.6875,,S
+1260,1,"Gibson, Mrs. Leonard (Pauline C Boeson)",female,45,0,1,112378,59.4,,C
+1261,2,"Pallas y Castello, Mr. Emilio",male,29,0,0,SC/PARIS 2147,13.8583,,C
+1262,2,"Giles, Mr. Edgar",male,21,1,0,28133,11.5,,S
+1263,1,"Wilson, Miss. Helen Alice",female,31,0,0,16966,134.5,E39 E41,C
+1264,1,"Ismay, Mr. Joseph Bruce",male,49,0,0,112058,0,B52 B54 B56,S
+1265,2,"Harbeck, Mr. William H",male,44,0,0,248746,13,,S
+1266,1,"Dodge, Mrs. Washington (Ruth Vidaver)",female,54,1,1,33638,81.8583,A34,S
+1267,1,"Bowen, Miss. Grace Scott",female,45,0,0,PC 17608,262.375,,C
+1268,3,"Kink, Miss. Maria",female,22,2,0,315152,8.6625,,S
+1269,2,"Cotterill, Mr. Henry Harry""""",male,21,0,0,29107,11.5,,S
+1270,1,"Hipkins, Mr. William Edward",male,55,0,0,680,50,C39,S
+1271,3,"Asplund, Master. Carl Edgar",male,5,4,2,347077,31.3875,,S
+1272,3,"O'Connor, Mr. Patrick",male,,0,0,366713,7.75,,Q
+1273,3,"Foley, Mr. Joseph",male,26,0,0,330910,7.8792,,Q
+1274,3,"Risien, Mrs. Samuel (Emma)",female,,0,0,364498,14.5,,S
+1275,3,"McNamee, Mrs. Neal (Eileen O'Leary)",female,19,1,0,376566,16.1,,S
+1276,2,"Wheeler, Mr. Edwin Frederick""""",male,,0,0,SC/PARIS 2159,12.875,,S
+1277,2,"Herman, Miss. Kate",female,24,1,2,220845,65,,S
+1278,3,"Aronsson, Mr. Ernst Axel Algot",male,24,0,0,349911,7.775,,S
+1279,2,"Ashby, Mr. John",male,57,0,0,244346,13,,S
+1280,3,"Canavan, Mr. Patrick",male,21,0,0,364858,7.75,,Q
+1281,3,"Palsson, Master. Paul Folke",male,6,3,1,349909,21.075,,S
+1282,1,"Payne, Mr. Vivian Ponsonby",male,23,0,0,12749,93.5,B24,S
+1283,1,"Lines, Mrs. Ernest H (Elizabeth Lindsey James)",female,51,0,1,PC 17592,39.4,D28,S
+1284,3,"Abbott, Master. Eugene Joseph",male,13,0,2,C.A. 2673,20.25,,S
+1285,2,"Gilbert, Mr. William",male,47,0,0,C.A. 30769,10.5,,S
+1286,3,"Kink-Heilmann, Mr. Anton",male,29,3,1,315153,22.025,,S
+1287,1,"Smith, Mrs. Lucien Philip (Mary Eloise Hughes)",female,18,1,0,13695,60,C31,S
+1288,3,"Colbert, Mr. Patrick",male,24,0,0,371109,7.25,,Q
+1289,1,"Frolicher-Stehli, Mrs. Maxmillian (Margaretha Emerentia Stehli)",female,48,1,1,13567,79.2,B41,C
+1290,3,"Larsson-Rondberg, Mr. Edvard A",male,22,0,0,347065,7.775,,S
+1291,3,"Conlon, Mr. Thomas Henry",male,31,0,0,21332,7.7333,,Q
+1292,1,"Bonnell, Miss. Caroline",female,30,0,0,36928,164.8667,C7,S
+1293,2,"Gale, Mr. Harry",male,38,1,0,28664,21,,S
+1294,1,"Gibson, Miss. Dorothy Winifred",female,22,0,1,112378,59.4,,C
+1295,1,"Carrau, Mr. Jose Pedro",male,17,0,0,113059,47.1,,S
+1296,1,"Frauenthal, Mr. Isaac Gerald",male,43,1,0,17765,27.7208,D40,C
+1297,2,"Nourney, Mr. Alfred (Baron von Drachstedt"")""",male,20,0,0,SC/PARIS 2166,13.8625,D38,C
+1298,2,"Ware, Mr. William Jeffery",male,23,1,0,28666,10.5,,S
+1299,1,"Widener, Mr. George Dunton",male,50,1,1,113503,211.5,C80,C
+1300,3,"Riordan, Miss. Johanna Hannah""""",female,,0,0,334915,7.7208,,Q
+1301,3,"Peacock, Miss. Treasteall",female,3,1,1,SOTON/O.Q. 3101315,13.775,,S
+1302,3,"Naughton, Miss. Hannah",female,,0,0,365237,7.75,,Q
+1303,1,"Minahan, Mrs. William Edward (Lillian E Thorpe)",female,37,1,0,19928,90,C78,Q
+1304,3,"Henriksson, Miss. Jenny Lovisa",female,28,0,0,347086,7.775,,S
+1305,3,"Spector, Mr. Woolf",male,,0,0,A.5. 3236,8.05,,S
+1306,1,"Oliva y Ocana, Dona. Fermina",female,39,0,0,PC 17758,108.9,C105,C
+1307,3,"Saether, Mr. Simon Sivertsen",male,38.5,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101262,7.25,,S
+1308,3,"Ware, Mr. Frederick",male,,0,0,359309,8.05,,S
+1309,3,"Peter, Master. Michael J",male,,1,1,2668,22.3583,,C
diff --git a/Datasets/Titanic/train.csv b/Datasets/Titanic/train.csv
new file mode 100644
index 0000000..63b68ab
--- /dev/null
+++ b/Datasets/Titanic/train.csv
@@ -0,0 +1,892 @@
+PassengerId,Survived,Pclass,Name,Sex,Age,SibSp,Parch,Ticket,Fare,Cabin,Embarked
+1,0,3,"Braund, Mr. Owen Harris",male,22,1,0,A/5 21171,7.25,,S
+2,1,1,"Cumings, Mrs. John Bradley (Florence Briggs Thayer)",female,38,1,0,PC 17599,71.2833,C85,C
+3,1,3,"Heikkinen, Miss. Laina",female,26,0,0,STON/O2. 3101282,7.925,,S
+4,1,1,"Futrelle, Mrs. Jacques Heath (Lily May Peel)",female,35,1,0,113803,53.1,C123,S
+5,0,3,"Allen, Mr. William Henry",male,35,0,0,373450,8.05,,S
+6,0,3,"Moran, Mr. James",male,,0,0,330877,8.4583,,Q
+7,0,1,"McCarthy, Mr. Timothy J",male,54,0,0,17463,51.8625,E46,S
+8,0,3,"Palsson, Master. Gosta Leonard",male,2,3,1,349909,21.075,,S
+9,1,3,"Johnson, Mrs. Oscar W (Elisabeth Vilhelmina Berg)",female,27,0,2,347742,11.1333,,S
+10,1,2,"Nasser, Mrs. Nicholas (Adele Achem)",female,14,1,0,237736,30.0708,,C
+11,1,3,"Sandstrom, Miss. Marguerite Rut",female,4,1,1,PP 9549,16.7,G6,S
+12,1,1,"Bonnell, Miss. Elizabeth",female,58,0,0,113783,26.55,C103,S
+13,0,3,"Saundercock, Mr. William Henry",male,20,0,0,A/5. 2151,8.05,,S
+14,0,3,"Andersson, Mr. Anders Johan",male,39,1,5,347082,31.275,,S
+15,0,3,"Vestrom, Miss. Hulda Amanda Adolfina",female,14,0,0,350406,7.8542,,S
+16,1,2,"Hewlett, Mrs. (Mary D Kingcome) ",female,55,0,0,248706,16,,S
+17,0,3,"Rice, Master. Eugene",male,2,4,1,382652,29.125,,Q
+18,1,2,"Williams, Mr. Charles Eugene",male,,0,0,244373,13,,S
+19,0,3,"Vander Planke, Mrs. Julius (Emelia Maria Vandemoortele)",female,31,1,0,345763,18,,S
+20,1,3,"Masselmani, Mrs. Fatima",female,,0,0,2649,7.225,,C
+21,0,2,"Fynney, Mr. Joseph J",male,35,0,0,239865,26,,S
+22,1,2,"Beesley, Mr. Lawrence",male,34,0,0,248698,13,D56,S
+23,1,3,"McGowan, Miss. Anna ""Annie""",female,15,0,0,330923,8.0292,,Q
+24,1,1,"Sloper, Mr. William Thompson",male,28,0,0,113788,35.5,A6,S
+25,0,3,"Palsson, Miss. Torborg Danira",female,8,3,1,349909,21.075,,S
+26,1,3,"Asplund, Mrs. Carl Oscar (Selma Augusta Emilia Johansson)",female,38,1,5,347077,31.3875,,S
+27,0,3,"Emir, Mr. Farred Chehab",male,,0,0,2631,7.225,,C
+28,0,1,"Fortune, Mr. Charles Alexander",male,19,3,2,19950,263,C23 C25 C27,S
+29,1,3,"O'Dwyer, Miss. Ellen ""Nellie""",female,,0,0,330959,7.8792,,Q
+30,0,3,"Todoroff, Mr. Lalio",male,,0,0,349216,7.8958,,S
+31,0,1,"Uruchurtu, Don. Manuel E",male,40,0,0,PC 17601,27.7208,,C
+32,1,1,"Spencer, Mrs. William Augustus (Marie Eugenie)",female,,1,0,PC 17569,146.5208,B78,C
+33,1,3,"Glynn, Miss. Mary Agatha",female,,0,0,335677,7.75,,Q
+34,0,2,"Wheadon, Mr. Edward H",male,66,0,0,C.A. 24579,10.5,,S
+35,0,1,"Meyer, Mr. Edgar Joseph",male,28,1,0,PC 17604,82.1708,,C
+36,0,1,"Holverson, Mr. Alexander Oskar",male,42,1,0,113789,52,,S
+37,1,3,"Mamee, Mr. Hanna",male,,0,0,2677,7.2292,,C
+38,0,3,"Cann, Mr. Ernest Charles",male,21,0,0,A./5. 2152,8.05,,S
+39,0,3,"Vander Planke, Miss. Augusta Maria",female,18,2,0,345764,18,,S
+40,1,3,"Nicola-Yarred, Miss. Jamila",female,14,1,0,2651,11.2417,,C
+41,0,3,"Ahlin, Mrs. Johan (Johanna Persdotter Larsson)",female,40,1,0,7546,9.475,,S
+42,0,2,"Turpin, Mrs. William John Robert (Dorothy Ann Wonnacott)",female,27,1,0,11668,21,,S
+43,0,3,"Kraeff, Mr. Theodor",male,,0,0,349253,7.8958,,C
+44,1,2,"Laroche, Miss. Simonne Marie Anne Andree",female,3,1,2,SC/Paris 2123,41.5792,,C
+45,1,3,"Devaney, Miss. Margaret Delia",female,19,0,0,330958,7.8792,,Q
+46,0,3,"Rogers, Mr. William John",male,,0,0,S.C./A.4. 23567,8.05,,S
+47,0,3,"Lennon, Mr. Denis",male,,1,0,370371,15.5,,Q
+48,1,3,"O'Driscoll, Miss. Bridget",female,,0,0,14311,7.75,,Q
+49,0,3,"Samaan, Mr. Youssef",male,,2,0,2662,21.6792,,C
+50,0,3,"Arnold-Franchi, Mrs. Josef (Josefine Franchi)",female,18,1,0,349237,17.8,,S
+51,0,3,"Panula, Master. Juha Niilo",male,7,4,1,3101295,39.6875,,S
+52,0,3,"Nosworthy, Mr. Richard Cater",male,21,0,0,A/4. 39886,7.8,,S
+53,1,1,"Harper, Mrs. Henry Sleeper (Myna Haxtun)",female,49,1,0,PC 17572,76.7292,D33,C
+54,1,2,"Faunthorpe, Mrs. Lizzie (Elizabeth Anne Wilkinson)",female,29,1,0,2926,26,,S
+55,0,1,"Ostby, Mr. Engelhart Cornelius",male,65,0,1,113509,61.9792,B30,C
+56,1,1,"Woolner, Mr. Hugh",male,,0,0,19947,35.5,C52,S
+57,1,2,"Rugg, Miss. Emily",female,21,0,0,C.A. 31026,10.5,,S
+58,0,3,"Novel, Mr. Mansouer",male,28.5,0,0,2697,7.2292,,C
+59,1,2,"West, Miss. Constance Mirium",female,5,1,2,C.A. 34651,27.75,,S
+60,0,3,"Goodwin, Master. William Frederick",male,11,5,2,CA 2144,46.9,,S
+61,0,3,"Sirayanian, Mr. Orsen",male,22,0,0,2669,7.2292,,C
+62,1,1,"Icard, Miss. Amelie",female,38,0,0,113572,80,B28,
+63,0,1,"Harris, Mr. Henry Birkhardt",male,45,1,0,36973,83.475,C83,S
+64,0,3,"Skoog, Master. Harald",male,4,3,2,347088,27.9,,S
+65,0,1,"Stewart, Mr. Albert A",male,,0,0,PC 17605,27.7208,,C
+66,1,3,"Moubarek, Master. Gerios",male,,1,1,2661,15.2458,,C
+67,1,2,"Nye, Mrs. (Elizabeth Ramell)",female,29,0,0,C.A. 29395,10.5,F33,S
+68,0,3,"Crease, Mr. Ernest James",male,19,0,0,S.P. 3464,8.1583,,S
+69,1,3,"Andersson, Miss. Erna Alexandra",female,17,4,2,3101281,7.925,,S
+70,0,3,"Kink, Mr. Vincenz",male,26,2,0,315151,8.6625,,S
+71,0,2,"Jenkin, Mr. Stephen Curnow",male,32,0,0,C.A. 33111,10.5,,S
+72,0,3,"Goodwin, Miss. Lillian Amy",female,16,5,2,CA 2144,46.9,,S
+73,0,2,"Hood, Mr. Ambrose Jr",male,21,0,0,S.O.C. 14879,73.5,,S
+74,0,3,"Chronopoulos, Mr. Apostolos",male,26,1,0,2680,14.4542,,C
+75,1,3,"Bing, Mr. Lee",male,32,0,0,1601,56.4958,,S
+76,0,3,"Moen, Mr. Sigurd Hansen",male,25,0,0,348123,7.65,F G73,S
+77,0,3,"Staneff, Mr. Ivan",male,,0,0,349208,7.8958,,S
+78,0,3,"Moutal, Mr. Rahamin Haim",male,,0,0,374746,8.05,,S
+79,1,2,"Caldwell, Master. Alden Gates",male,0.83,0,2,248738,29,,S
+80,1,3,"Dowdell, Miss. Elizabeth",female,30,0,0,364516,12.475,,S
+81,0,3,"Waelens, Mr. Achille",male,22,0,0,345767,9,,S
+82,1,3,"Sheerlinck, Mr. Jan Baptist",male,29,0,0,345779,9.5,,S
+83,1,3,"McDermott, Miss. Brigdet Delia",female,,0,0,330932,7.7875,,Q
+84,0,1,"Carrau, Mr. Francisco M",male,28,0,0,113059,47.1,,S
+85,1,2,"Ilett, Miss. Bertha",female,17,0,0,SO/C 14885,10.5,,S
+86,1,3,"Backstrom, Mrs. Karl Alfred (Maria Mathilda Gustafsson)",female,33,3,0,3101278,15.85,,S
+87,0,3,"Ford, Mr. William Neal",male,16,1,3,W./C. 6608,34.375,,S
+88,0,3,"Slocovski, Mr. Selman Francis",male,,0,0,SOTON/OQ 392086,8.05,,S
+89,1,1,"Fortune, Miss. Mabel Helen",female,23,3,2,19950,263,C23 C25 C27,S
+90,0,3,"Celotti, Mr. Francesco",male,24,0,0,343275,8.05,,S
+91,0,3,"Christmann, Mr. Emil",male,29,0,0,343276,8.05,,S
+92,0,3,"Andreasson, Mr. Paul Edvin",male,20,0,0,347466,7.8542,,S
+93,0,1,"Chaffee, Mr. Herbert Fuller",male,46,1,0,W.E.P. 5734,61.175,E31,S
+94,0,3,"Dean, Mr. Bertram Frank",male,26,1,2,C.A. 2315,20.575,,S
+95,0,3,"Coxon, Mr. Daniel",male,59,0,0,364500,7.25,,S
+96,0,3,"Shorney, Mr. Charles Joseph",male,,0,0,374910,8.05,,S
+97,0,1,"Goldschmidt, Mr. George B",male,71,0,0,PC 17754,34.6542,A5,C
+98,1,1,"Greenfield, Mr. William Bertram",male,23,0,1,PC 17759,63.3583,D10 D12,C
+99,1,2,"Doling, Mrs. John T (Ada Julia Bone)",female,34,0,1,231919,23,,S
+100,0,2,"Kantor, Mr. Sinai",male,34,1,0,244367,26,,S
+101,0,3,"Petranec, Miss. Matilda",female,28,0,0,349245,7.8958,,S
+102,0,3,"Petroff, Mr. Pastcho (""Pentcho"")",male,,0,0,349215,7.8958,,S
+103,0,1,"White, Mr. Richard Frasar",male,21,0,1,35281,77.2875,D26,S
+104,0,3,"Johansson, Mr. Gustaf Joel",male,33,0,0,7540,8.6542,,S
+105,0,3,"Gustafsson, Mr. Anders Vilhelm",male,37,2,0,3101276,7.925,,S
+106,0,3,"Mionoff, Mr. Stoytcho",male,28,0,0,349207,7.8958,,S
+107,1,3,"Salkjelsvik, Miss. Anna Kristine",female,21,0,0,343120,7.65,,S
+108,1,3,"Moss, Mr. Albert Johan",male,,0,0,312991,7.775,,S
+109,0,3,"Rekic, Mr. Tido",male,38,0,0,349249,7.8958,,S
+110,1,3,"Moran, Miss. Bertha",female,,1,0,371110,24.15,,Q
+111,0,1,"Porter, Mr. Walter Chamberlain",male,47,0,0,110465,52,C110,S
+112,0,3,"Zabour, Miss. Hileni",female,14.5,1,0,2665,14.4542,,C
+113,0,3,"Barton, Mr. David John",male,22,0,0,324669,8.05,,S
+114,0,3,"Jussila, Miss. Katriina",female,20,1,0,4136,9.825,,S
+115,0,3,"Attalah, Miss. Malake",female,17,0,0,2627,14.4583,,C
+116,0,3,"Pekoniemi, Mr. Edvard",male,21,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101294,7.925,,S
+117,0,3,"Connors, Mr. Patrick",male,70.5,0,0,370369,7.75,,Q
+118,0,2,"Turpin, Mr. William John Robert",male,29,1,0,11668,21,,S
+119,0,1,"Baxter, Mr. Quigg Edmond",male,24,0,1,PC 17558,247.5208,B58 B60,C
+120,0,3,"Andersson, Miss. Ellis Anna Maria",female,2,4,2,347082,31.275,,S
+121,0,2,"Hickman, Mr. Stanley George",male,21,2,0,S.O.C. 14879,73.5,,S
+122,0,3,"Moore, Mr. Leonard Charles",male,,0,0,A4. 54510,8.05,,S
+123,0,2,"Nasser, Mr. Nicholas",male,32.5,1,0,237736,30.0708,,C
+124,1,2,"Webber, Miss. Susan",female,32.5,0,0,27267,13,E101,S
+125,0,1,"White, Mr. Percival Wayland",male,54,0,1,35281,77.2875,D26,S
+126,1,3,"Nicola-Yarred, Master. Elias",male,12,1,0,2651,11.2417,,C
+127,0,3,"McMahon, Mr. Martin",male,,0,0,370372,7.75,,Q
+128,1,3,"Madsen, Mr. Fridtjof Arne",male,24,0,0,C 17369,7.1417,,S
+129,1,3,"Peter, Miss. Anna",female,,1,1,2668,22.3583,F E69,C
+130,0,3,"Ekstrom, Mr. Johan",male,45,0,0,347061,6.975,,S
+131,0,3,"Drazenoic, Mr. Jozef",male,33,0,0,349241,7.8958,,C
+132,0,3,"Coelho, Mr. Domingos Fernandeo",male,20,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101307,7.05,,S
+133,0,3,"Robins, Mrs. Alexander A (Grace Charity Laury)",female,47,1,0,A/5. 3337,14.5,,S
+134,1,2,"Weisz, Mrs. Leopold (Mathilde Francoise Pede)",female,29,1,0,228414,26,,S
+135,0,2,"Sobey, Mr. Samuel James Hayden",male,25,0,0,C.A. 29178,13,,S
+136,0,2,"Richard, Mr. Emile",male,23,0,0,SC/PARIS 2133,15.0458,,C
+137,1,1,"Newsom, Miss. Helen Monypeny",female,19,0,2,11752,26.2833,D47,S
+138,0,1,"Futrelle, Mr. Jacques Heath",male,37,1,0,113803,53.1,C123,S
+139,0,3,"Osen, Mr. Olaf Elon",male,16,0,0,7534,9.2167,,S
+140,0,1,"Giglio, Mr. Victor",male,24,0,0,PC 17593,79.2,B86,C
+141,0,3,"Boulos, Mrs. Joseph (Sultana)",female,,0,2,2678,15.2458,,C
+142,1,3,"Nysten, Miss. Anna Sofia",female,22,0,0,347081,7.75,,S
+143,1,3,"Hakkarainen, Mrs. Pekka Pietari (Elin Matilda Dolck)",female,24,1,0,STON/O2. 3101279,15.85,,S
+144,0,3,"Burke, Mr. Jeremiah",male,19,0,0,365222,6.75,,Q
+145,0,2,"Andrew, Mr. Edgardo Samuel",male,18,0,0,231945,11.5,,S
+146,0,2,"Nicholls, Mr. Joseph Charles",male,19,1,1,C.A. 33112,36.75,,S
+147,1,3,"Andersson, Mr. August Edvard (""Wennerstrom"")",male,27,0,0,350043,7.7958,,S
+148,0,3,"Ford, Miss. Robina Maggie ""Ruby""",female,9,2,2,W./C. 6608,34.375,,S
+149,0,2,"Navratil, Mr. Michel (""Louis M Hoffman"")",male,36.5,0,2,230080,26,F2,S
+150,0,2,"Byles, Rev. Thomas Roussel Davids",male,42,0,0,244310,13,,S
+151,0,2,"Bateman, Rev. Robert James",male,51,0,0,S.O.P. 1166,12.525,,S
+152,1,1,"Pears, Mrs. Thomas (Edith Wearne)",female,22,1,0,113776,66.6,C2,S
+153,0,3,"Meo, Mr. Alfonzo",male,55.5,0,0,A.5. 11206,8.05,,S
+154,0,3,"van Billiard, Mr. Austin Blyler",male,40.5,0,2,A/5. 851,14.5,,S
+155,0,3,"Olsen, Mr. Ole Martin",male,,0,0,Fa 265302,7.3125,,S
+156,0,1,"Williams, Mr. Charles Duane",male,51,0,1,PC 17597,61.3792,,C
+157,1,3,"Gilnagh, Miss. Katherine ""Katie""",female,16,0,0,35851,7.7333,,Q
+158,0,3,"Corn, Mr. Harry",male,30,0,0,SOTON/OQ 392090,8.05,,S
+159,0,3,"Smiljanic, Mr. Mile",male,,0,0,315037,8.6625,,S
+160,0,3,"Sage, Master. Thomas Henry",male,,8,2,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+161,0,3,"Cribb, Mr. John Hatfield",male,44,0,1,371362,16.1,,S
+162,1,2,"Watt, Mrs. James (Elizabeth ""Bessie"" Inglis Milne)",female,40,0,0,C.A. 33595,15.75,,S
+163,0,3,"Bengtsson, Mr. John Viktor",male,26,0,0,347068,7.775,,S
+164,0,3,"Calic, Mr. Jovo",male,17,0,0,315093,8.6625,,S
+165,0,3,"Panula, Master. Eino Viljami",male,1,4,1,3101295,39.6875,,S
+166,1,3,"Goldsmith, Master. Frank John William ""Frankie""",male,9,0,2,363291,20.525,,S
+167,1,1,"Chibnall, Mrs. (Edith Martha Bowerman)",female,,0,1,113505,55,E33,S
+168,0,3,"Skoog, Mrs. William (Anna Bernhardina Karlsson)",female,45,1,4,347088,27.9,,S
+169,0,1,"Baumann, Mr. John D",male,,0,0,PC 17318,25.925,,S
+170,0,3,"Ling, Mr. Lee",male,28,0,0,1601,56.4958,,S
+171,0,1,"Van der hoef, Mr. Wyckoff",male,61,0,0,111240,33.5,B19,S
+172,0,3,"Rice, Master. Arthur",male,4,4,1,382652,29.125,,Q
+173,1,3,"Johnson, Miss. Eleanor Ileen",female,1,1,1,347742,11.1333,,S
+174,0,3,"Sivola, Mr. Antti Wilhelm",male,21,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101280,7.925,,S
+175,0,1,"Smith, Mr. James Clinch",male,56,0,0,17764,30.6958,A7,C
+176,0,3,"Klasen, Mr. Klas Albin",male,18,1,1,350404,7.8542,,S
+177,0,3,"Lefebre, Master. Henry Forbes",male,,3,1,4133,25.4667,,S
+178,0,1,"Isham, Miss. Ann Elizabeth",female,50,0,0,PC 17595,28.7125,C49,C
+179,0,2,"Hale, Mr. Reginald",male,30,0,0,250653,13,,S
+180,0,3,"Leonard, Mr. Lionel",male,36,0,0,LINE,0,,S
+181,0,3,"Sage, Miss. Constance Gladys",female,,8,2,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+182,0,2,"Pernot, Mr. Rene",male,,0,0,SC/PARIS 2131,15.05,,C
+183,0,3,"Asplund, Master. Clarence Gustaf Hugo",male,9,4,2,347077,31.3875,,S
+184,1,2,"Becker, Master. Richard F",male,1,2,1,230136,39,F4,S
+185,1,3,"Kink-Heilmann, Miss. Luise Gretchen",female,4,0,2,315153,22.025,,S
+186,0,1,"Rood, Mr. Hugh Roscoe",male,,0,0,113767,50,A32,S
+187,1,3,"O'Brien, Mrs. Thomas (Johanna ""Hannah"" Godfrey)",female,,1,0,370365,15.5,,Q
+188,1,1,"Romaine, Mr. Charles Hallace (""Mr C Rolmane"")",male,45,0,0,111428,26.55,,S
+189,0,3,"Bourke, Mr. John",male,40,1,1,364849,15.5,,Q
+190,0,3,"Turcin, Mr. Stjepan",male,36,0,0,349247,7.8958,,S
+191,1,2,"Pinsky, Mrs. (Rosa)",female,32,0,0,234604,13,,S
+192,0,2,"Carbines, Mr. William",male,19,0,0,28424,13,,S
+193,1,3,"Andersen-Jensen, Miss. Carla Christine Nielsine",female,19,1,0,350046,7.8542,,S
+194,1,2,"Navratil, Master. Michel M",male,3,1,1,230080,26,F2,S
+195,1,1,"Brown, Mrs. James Joseph (Margaret Tobin)",female,44,0,0,PC 17610,27.7208,B4,C
+196,1,1,"Lurette, Miss. Elise",female,58,0,0,PC 17569,146.5208,B80,C
+197,0,3,"Mernagh, Mr. Robert",male,,0,0,368703,7.75,,Q
+198,0,3,"Olsen, Mr. Karl Siegwart Andreas",male,42,0,1,4579,8.4042,,S
+199,1,3,"Madigan, Miss. Margaret ""Maggie""",female,,0,0,370370,7.75,,Q
+200,0,2,"Yrois, Miss. Henriette (""Mrs Harbeck"")",female,24,0,0,248747,13,,S
+201,0,3,"Vande Walle, Mr. Nestor Cyriel",male,28,0,0,345770,9.5,,S
+202,0,3,"Sage, Mr. Frederick",male,,8,2,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+203,0,3,"Johanson, Mr. Jakob Alfred",male,34,0,0,3101264,6.4958,,S
+204,0,3,"Youseff, Mr. Gerious",male,45.5,0,0,2628,7.225,,C
+205,1,3,"Cohen, Mr. Gurshon ""Gus""",male,18,0,0,A/5 3540,8.05,,S
+206,0,3,"Strom, Miss. Telma Matilda",female,2,0,1,347054,10.4625,G6,S
+207,0,3,"Backstrom, Mr. Karl Alfred",male,32,1,0,3101278,15.85,,S
+208,1,3,"Albimona, Mr. Nassef Cassem",male,26,0,0,2699,18.7875,,C
+209,1,3,"Carr, Miss. Helen ""Ellen""",female,16,0,0,367231,7.75,,Q
+210,1,1,"Blank, Mr. Henry",male,40,0,0,112277,31,A31,C
+211,0,3,"Ali, Mr. Ahmed",male,24,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101311,7.05,,S
+212,1,2,"Cameron, Miss. Clear Annie",female,35,0,0,F.C.C. 13528,21,,S
+213,0,3,"Perkin, Mr. John Henry",male,22,0,0,A/5 21174,7.25,,S
+214,0,2,"Givard, Mr. Hans Kristensen",male,30,0,0,250646,13,,S
+215,0,3,"Kiernan, Mr. Philip",male,,1,0,367229,7.75,,Q
+216,1,1,"Newell, Miss. Madeleine",female,31,1,0,35273,113.275,D36,C
+217,1,3,"Honkanen, Miss. Eliina",female,27,0,0,STON/O2. 3101283,7.925,,S
+218,0,2,"Jacobsohn, Mr. Sidney Samuel",male,42,1,0,243847,27,,S
+219,1,1,"Bazzani, Miss. Albina",female,32,0,0,11813,76.2917,D15,C
+220,0,2,"Harris, Mr. Walter",male,30,0,0,W/C 14208,10.5,,S
+221,1,3,"Sunderland, Mr. Victor Francis",male,16,0,0,SOTON/OQ 392089,8.05,,S
+222,0,2,"Bracken, Mr. James H",male,27,0,0,220367,13,,S
+223,0,3,"Green, Mr. George Henry",male,51,0,0,21440,8.05,,S
+224,0,3,"Nenkoff, Mr. Christo",male,,0,0,349234,7.8958,,S
+225,1,1,"Hoyt, Mr. Frederick Maxfield",male,38,1,0,19943,90,C93,S
+226,0,3,"Berglund, Mr. Karl Ivar Sven",male,22,0,0,PP 4348,9.35,,S
+227,1,2,"Mellors, Mr. William John",male,19,0,0,SW/PP 751,10.5,,S
+228,0,3,"Lovell, Mr. John Hall (""Henry"")",male,20.5,0,0,A/5 21173,7.25,,S
+229,0,2,"Fahlstrom, Mr. Arne Jonas",male,18,0,0,236171,13,,S
+230,0,3,"Lefebre, Miss. Mathilde",female,,3,1,4133,25.4667,,S
+231,1,1,"Harris, Mrs. Henry Birkhardt (Irene Wallach)",female,35,1,0,36973,83.475,C83,S
+232,0,3,"Larsson, Mr. Bengt Edvin",male,29,0,0,347067,7.775,,S
+233,0,2,"Sjostedt, Mr. Ernst Adolf",male,59,0,0,237442,13.5,,S
+234,1,3,"Asplund, Miss. Lillian Gertrud",female,5,4,2,347077,31.3875,,S
+235,0,2,"Leyson, Mr. Robert William Norman",male,24,0,0,C.A. 29566,10.5,,S
+236,0,3,"Harknett, Miss. Alice Phoebe",female,,0,0,W./C. 6609,7.55,,S
+237,0,2,"Hold, Mr. Stephen",male,44,1,0,26707,26,,S
+238,1,2,"Collyer, Miss. Marjorie ""Lottie""",female,8,0,2,C.A. 31921,26.25,,S
+239,0,2,"Pengelly, Mr. Frederick William",male,19,0,0,28665,10.5,,S
+240,0,2,"Hunt, Mr. George Henry",male,33,0,0,SCO/W 1585,12.275,,S
+241,0,3,"Zabour, Miss. Thamine",female,,1,0,2665,14.4542,,C
+242,1,3,"Murphy, Miss. Katherine ""Kate""",female,,1,0,367230,15.5,,Q
+243,0,2,"Coleridge, Mr. Reginald Charles",male,29,0,0,W./C. 14263,10.5,,S
+244,0,3,"Maenpaa, Mr. Matti Alexanteri",male,22,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101275,7.125,,S
+245,0,3,"Attalah, Mr. Sleiman",male,30,0,0,2694,7.225,,C
+246,0,1,"Minahan, Dr. William Edward",male,44,2,0,19928,90,C78,Q
+247,0,3,"Lindahl, Miss. Agda Thorilda Viktoria",female,25,0,0,347071,7.775,,S
+248,1,2,"Hamalainen, Mrs. William (Anna)",female,24,0,2,250649,14.5,,S
+249,1,1,"Beckwith, Mr. Richard Leonard",male,37,1,1,11751,52.5542,D35,S
+250,0,2,"Carter, Rev. Ernest Courtenay",male,54,1,0,244252,26,,S
+251,0,3,"Reed, Mr. James George",male,,0,0,362316,7.25,,S
+252,0,3,"Strom, Mrs. Wilhelm (Elna Matilda Persson)",female,29,1,1,347054,10.4625,G6,S
+253,0,1,"Stead, Mr. William Thomas",male,62,0,0,113514,26.55,C87,S
+254,0,3,"Lobb, Mr. William Arthur",male,30,1,0,A/5. 3336,16.1,,S
+255,0,3,"Rosblom, Mrs. Viktor (Helena Wilhelmina)",female,41,0,2,370129,20.2125,,S
+256,1,3,"Touma, Mrs. Darwis (Hanne Youssef Razi)",female,29,0,2,2650,15.2458,,C
+257,1,1,"Thorne, Mrs. Gertrude Maybelle",female,,0,0,PC 17585,79.2,,C
+258,1,1,"Cherry, Miss. Gladys",female,30,0,0,110152,86.5,B77,S
+259,1,1,"Ward, Miss. Anna",female,35,0,0,PC 17755,512.3292,,C
+260,1,2,"Parrish, Mrs. (Lutie Davis)",female,50,0,1,230433,26,,S
+261,0,3,"Smith, Mr. Thomas",male,,0,0,384461,7.75,,Q
+262,1,3,"Asplund, Master. Edvin Rojj Felix",male,3,4,2,347077,31.3875,,S
+263,0,1,"Taussig, Mr. Emil",male,52,1,1,110413,79.65,E67,S
+264,0,1,"Harrison, Mr. William",male,40,0,0,112059,0,B94,S
+265,0,3,"Henry, Miss. Delia",female,,0,0,382649,7.75,,Q
+266,0,2,"Reeves, Mr. David",male,36,0,0,C.A. 17248,10.5,,S
+267,0,3,"Panula, Mr. Ernesti Arvid",male,16,4,1,3101295,39.6875,,S
+268,1,3,"Persson, Mr. Ernst Ulrik",male,25,1,0,347083,7.775,,S
+269,1,1,"Graham, Mrs. William Thompson (Edith Junkins)",female,58,0,1,PC 17582,153.4625,C125,S
+270,1,1,"Bissette, Miss. Amelia",female,35,0,0,PC 17760,135.6333,C99,S
+271,0,1,"Cairns, Mr. Alexander",male,,0,0,113798,31,,S
+272,1,3,"Tornquist, Mr. William Henry",male,25,0,0,LINE,0,,S
+273,1,2,"Mellinger, Mrs. (Elizabeth Anne Maidment)",female,41,0,1,250644,19.5,,S
+274,0,1,"Natsch, Mr. Charles H",male,37,0,1,PC 17596,29.7,C118,C
+275,1,3,"Healy, Miss. Hanora ""Nora""",female,,0,0,370375,7.75,,Q
+276,1,1,"Andrews, Miss. Kornelia Theodosia",female,63,1,0,13502,77.9583,D7,S
+277,0,3,"Lindblom, Miss. Augusta Charlotta",female,45,0,0,347073,7.75,,S
+278,0,2,"Parkes, Mr. Francis ""Frank""",male,,0,0,239853,0,,S
+279,0,3,"Rice, Master. Eric",male,7,4,1,382652,29.125,,Q
+280,1,3,"Abbott, Mrs. Stanton (Rosa Hunt)",female,35,1,1,C.A. 2673,20.25,,S
+281,0,3,"Duane, Mr. Frank",male,65,0,0,336439,7.75,,Q
+282,0,3,"Olsson, Mr. Nils Johan Goransson",male,28,0,0,347464,7.8542,,S
+283,0,3,"de Pelsmaeker, Mr. Alfons",male,16,0,0,345778,9.5,,S
+284,1,3,"Dorking, Mr. Edward Arthur",male,19,0,0,A/5. 10482,8.05,,S
+285,0,1,"Smith, Mr. Richard William",male,,0,0,113056,26,A19,S
+286,0,3,"Stankovic, Mr. Ivan",male,33,0,0,349239,8.6625,,C
+287,1,3,"de Mulder, Mr. Theodore",male,30,0,0,345774,9.5,,S
+288,0,3,"Naidenoff, Mr. Penko",male,22,0,0,349206,7.8958,,S
+289,1,2,"Hosono, Mr. Masabumi",male,42,0,0,237798,13,,S
+290,1,3,"Connolly, Miss. Kate",female,22,0,0,370373,7.75,,Q
+291,1,1,"Barber, Miss. Ellen ""Nellie""",female,26,0,0,19877,78.85,,S
+292,1,1,"Bishop, Mrs. Dickinson H (Helen Walton)",female,19,1,0,11967,91.0792,B49,C
+293,0,2,"Levy, Mr. Rene Jacques",male,36,0,0,SC/Paris 2163,12.875,D,C
+294,0,3,"Haas, Miss. Aloisia",female,24,0,0,349236,8.85,,S
+295,0,3,"Mineff, Mr. Ivan",male,24,0,0,349233,7.8958,,S
+296,0,1,"Lewy, Mr. Ervin G",male,,0,0,PC 17612,27.7208,,C
+297,0,3,"Hanna, Mr. Mansour",male,23.5,0,0,2693,7.2292,,C
+298,0,1,"Allison, Miss. Helen Loraine",female,2,1,2,113781,151.55,C22 C26,S
+299,1,1,"Saalfeld, Mr. Adolphe",male,,0,0,19988,30.5,C106,S
+300,1,1,"Baxter, Mrs. James (Helene DeLaudeniere Chaput)",female,50,0,1,PC 17558,247.5208,B58 B60,C
+301,1,3,"Kelly, Miss. Anna Katherine ""Annie Kate""",female,,0,0,9234,7.75,,Q
+302,1,3,"McCoy, Mr. Bernard",male,,2,0,367226,23.25,,Q
+303,0,3,"Johnson, Mr. William Cahoone Jr",male,19,0,0,LINE,0,,S
+304,1,2,"Keane, Miss. Nora A",female,,0,0,226593,12.35,E101,Q
+305,0,3,"Williams, Mr. Howard Hugh ""Harry""",male,,0,0,A/5 2466,8.05,,S
+306,1,1,"Allison, Master. Hudson Trevor",male,0.92,1,2,113781,151.55,C22 C26,S
+307,1,1,"Fleming, Miss. Margaret",female,,0,0,17421,110.8833,,C
+308,1,1,"Penasco y Castellana, Mrs. Victor de Satode (Maria Josefa Perez de Soto y Vallejo)",female,17,1,0,PC 17758,108.9,C65,C
+309,0,2,"Abelson, Mr. Samuel",male,30,1,0,P/PP 3381,24,,C
+310,1,1,"Francatelli, Miss. Laura Mabel",female,30,0,0,PC 17485,56.9292,E36,C
+311,1,1,"Hays, Miss. Margaret Bechstein",female,24,0,0,11767,83.1583,C54,C
+312,1,1,"Ryerson, Miss. Emily Borie",female,18,2,2,PC 17608,262.375,B57 B59 B63 B66,C
+313,0,2,"Lahtinen, Mrs. William (Anna Sylfven)",female,26,1,1,250651,26,,S
+314,0,3,"Hendekovic, Mr. Ignjac",male,28,0,0,349243,7.8958,,S
+315,0,2,"Hart, Mr. Benjamin",male,43,1,1,F.C.C. 13529,26.25,,S
+316,1,3,"Nilsson, Miss. Helmina Josefina",female,26,0,0,347470,7.8542,,S
+317,1,2,"Kantor, Mrs. Sinai (Miriam Sternin)",female,24,1,0,244367,26,,S
+318,0,2,"Moraweck, Dr. Ernest",male,54,0,0,29011,14,,S
+319,1,1,"Wick, Miss. Mary Natalie",female,31,0,2,36928,164.8667,C7,S
+320,1,1,"Spedden, Mrs. Frederic Oakley (Margaretta Corning Stone)",female,40,1,1,16966,134.5,E34,C
+321,0,3,"Dennis, Mr. Samuel",male,22,0,0,A/5 21172,7.25,,S
+322,0,3,"Danoff, Mr. Yoto",male,27,0,0,349219,7.8958,,S
+323,1,2,"Slayter, Miss. Hilda Mary",female,30,0,0,234818,12.35,,Q
+324,1,2,"Caldwell, Mrs. Albert Francis (Sylvia Mae Harbaugh)",female,22,1,1,248738,29,,S
+325,0,3,"Sage, Mr. George John Jr",male,,8,2,CA. 2343,69.55,,S
+326,1,1,"Young, Miss. Marie Grice",female,36,0,0,PC 17760,135.6333,C32,C
+327,0,3,"Nysveen, Mr. Johan Hansen",male,61,0,0,345364,6.2375,,S
+328,1,2,"Ball, Mrs. (Ada E Hall)",female,36,0,0,28551,13,D,S
+329,1,3,"Goldsmith, Mrs. Frank John (Emily Alice Brown)",female,31,1,1,363291,20.525,,S
+330,1,1,"Hippach, Miss. Jean Gertrude",female,16,0,1,111361,57.9792,B18,C
+331,1,3,"McCoy, Miss. Agnes",female,,2,0,367226,23.25,,Q
+332,0,1,"Partner, Mr. Austen",male,45.5,0,0,113043,28.5,C124,S
+333,0,1,"Graham, Mr. George Edward",male,38,0,1,PC 17582,153.4625,C91,S
+334,0,3,"Vander Planke, Mr. Leo Edmondus",male,16,2,0,345764,18,,S
+335,1,1,"Frauenthal, Mrs. Henry William (Clara Heinsheimer)",female,,1,0,PC 17611,133.65,,S
+336,0,3,"Denkoff, Mr. Mitto",male,,0,0,349225,7.8958,,S
+337,0,1,"Pears, Mr. Thomas Clinton",male,29,1,0,113776,66.6,C2,S
+338,1,1,"Burns, Miss. Elizabeth Margaret",female,41,0,0,16966,134.5,E40,C
+339,1,3,"Dahl, Mr. Karl Edwart",male,45,0,0,7598,8.05,,S
+340,0,1,"Blackwell, Mr. Stephen Weart",male,45,0,0,113784,35.5,T,S
+341,1,2,"Navratil, Master. Edmond Roger",male,2,1,1,230080,26,F2,S
+342,1,1,"Fortune, Miss. Alice Elizabeth",female,24,3,2,19950,263,C23 C25 C27,S
+343,0,2,"Collander, Mr. Erik Gustaf",male,28,0,0,248740,13,,S
+344,0,2,"Sedgwick, Mr. Charles Frederick Waddington",male,25,0,0,244361,13,,S
+345,0,2,"Fox, Mr. Stanley Hubert",male,36,0,0,229236,13,,S
+346,1,2,"Brown, Miss. Amelia ""Mildred""",female,24,0,0,248733,13,F33,S
+347,1,2,"Smith, Miss. Marion Elsie",female,40,0,0,31418,13,,S
+348,1,3,"Davison, Mrs. Thomas Henry (Mary E Finck)",female,,1,0,386525,16.1,,S
+349,1,3,"Coutts, Master. William Loch ""William""",male,3,1,1,C.A. 37671,15.9,,S
+350,0,3,"Dimic, Mr. Jovan",male,42,0,0,315088,8.6625,,S
+351,0,3,"Odahl, Mr. Nils Martin",male,23,0,0,7267,9.225,,S
+352,0,1,"Williams-Lambert, Mr. Fletcher Fellows",male,,0,0,113510,35,C128,S
+353,0,3,"Elias, Mr. Tannous",male,15,1,1,2695,7.2292,,C
+354,0,3,"Arnold-Franchi, Mr. Josef",male,25,1,0,349237,17.8,,S
+355,0,3,"Yousif, Mr. Wazli",male,,0,0,2647,7.225,,C
+356,0,3,"Vanden Steen, Mr. Leo Peter",male,28,0,0,345783,9.5,,S
+357,1,1,"Bowerman, Miss. Elsie Edith",female,22,0,1,113505,55,E33,S
+358,0,2,"Funk, Miss. Annie Clemmer",female,38,0,0,237671,13,,S
+359,1,3,"McGovern, Miss. Mary",female,,0,0,330931,7.8792,,Q
+360,1,3,"Mockler, Miss. Helen Mary ""Ellie""",female,,0,0,330980,7.8792,,Q
+361,0,3,"Skoog, Mr. Wilhelm",male,40,1,4,347088,27.9,,S
+362,0,2,"del Carlo, Mr. Sebastiano",male,29,1,0,SC/PARIS 2167,27.7208,,C
+363,0,3,"Barbara, Mrs. (Catherine David)",female,45,0,1,2691,14.4542,,C
+364,0,3,"Asim, Mr. Adola",male,35,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101310,7.05,,S
+365,0,3,"O'Brien, Mr. Thomas",male,,1,0,370365,15.5,,Q
+366,0,3,"Adahl, Mr. Mauritz Nils Martin",male,30,0,0,C 7076,7.25,,S
+367,1,1,"Warren, Mrs. Frank Manley (Anna Sophia Atkinson)",female,60,1,0,110813,75.25,D37,C
+368,1,3,"Moussa, Mrs. (Mantoura Boulos)",female,,0,0,2626,7.2292,,C
+369,1,3,"Jermyn, Miss. Annie",female,,0,0,14313,7.75,,Q
+370,1,1,"Aubart, Mme. Leontine Pauline",female,24,0,0,PC 17477,69.3,B35,C
+371,1,1,"Harder, Mr. George Achilles",male,25,1,0,11765,55.4417,E50,C
+372,0,3,"Wiklund, Mr. Jakob Alfred",male,18,1,0,3101267,6.4958,,S
+373,0,3,"Beavan, Mr. William Thomas",male,19,0,0,323951,8.05,,S
+374,0,1,"Ringhini, Mr. Sante",male,22,0,0,PC 17760,135.6333,,C
+375,0,3,"Palsson, Miss. Stina Viola",female,3,3,1,349909,21.075,,S
+376,1,1,"Meyer, Mrs. Edgar Joseph (Leila Saks)",female,,1,0,PC 17604,82.1708,,C
+377,1,3,"Landergren, Miss. Aurora Adelia",female,22,0,0,C 7077,7.25,,S
+378,0,1,"Widener, Mr. Harry Elkins",male,27,0,2,113503,211.5,C82,C
+379,0,3,"Betros, Mr. Tannous",male,20,0,0,2648,4.0125,,C
+380,0,3,"Gustafsson, Mr. Karl Gideon",male,19,0,0,347069,7.775,,S
+381,1,1,"Bidois, Miss. Rosalie",female,42,0,0,PC 17757,227.525,,C
+382,1,3,"Nakid, Miss. Maria (""Mary"")",female,1,0,2,2653,15.7417,,C
+383,0,3,"Tikkanen, Mr. Juho",male,32,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101293,7.925,,S
+384,1,1,"Holverson, Mrs. Alexander Oskar (Mary Aline Towner)",female,35,1,0,113789,52,,S
+385,0,3,"Plotcharsky, Mr. Vasil",male,,0,0,349227,7.8958,,S
+386,0,2,"Davies, Mr. Charles Henry",male,18,0,0,S.O.C. 14879,73.5,,S
+387,0,3,"Goodwin, Master. Sidney Leonard",male,1,5,2,CA 2144,46.9,,S
+388,1,2,"Buss, Miss. Kate",female,36,0,0,27849,13,,S
+389,0,3,"Sadlier, Mr. Matthew",male,,0,0,367655,7.7292,,Q
+390,1,2,"Lehmann, Miss. Bertha",female,17,0,0,SC 1748,12,,C
+391,1,1,"Carter, Mr. William Ernest",male,36,1,2,113760,120,B96 B98,S
+392,1,3,"Jansson, Mr. Carl Olof",male,21,0,0,350034,7.7958,,S
+393,0,3,"Gustafsson, Mr. Johan Birger",male,28,2,0,3101277,7.925,,S
+394,1,1,"Newell, Miss. Marjorie",female,23,1,0,35273,113.275,D36,C
+395,1,3,"Sandstrom, Mrs. Hjalmar (Agnes Charlotta Bengtsson)",female,24,0,2,PP 9549,16.7,G6,S
+396,0,3,"Johansson, Mr. Erik",male,22,0,0,350052,7.7958,,S
+397,0,3,"Olsson, Miss. Elina",female,31,0,0,350407,7.8542,,S
+398,0,2,"McKane, Mr. Peter David",male,46,0,0,28403,26,,S
+399,0,2,"Pain, Dr. Alfred",male,23,0,0,244278,10.5,,S
+400,1,2,"Trout, Mrs. William H (Jessie L)",female,28,0,0,240929,12.65,,S
+401,1,3,"Niskanen, Mr. Juha",male,39,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101289,7.925,,S
+402,0,3,"Adams, Mr. John",male,26,0,0,341826,8.05,,S
+403,0,3,"Jussila, Miss. Mari Aina",female,21,1,0,4137,9.825,,S
+404,0,3,"Hakkarainen, Mr. Pekka Pietari",male,28,1,0,STON/O2. 3101279,15.85,,S
+405,0,3,"Oreskovic, Miss. Marija",female,20,0,0,315096,8.6625,,S
+406,0,2,"Gale, Mr. Shadrach",male,34,1,0,28664,21,,S
+407,0,3,"Widegren, Mr. Carl/Charles Peter",male,51,0,0,347064,7.75,,S
+408,1,2,"Richards, Master. William Rowe",male,3,1,1,29106,18.75,,S
+409,0,3,"Birkeland, Mr. Hans Martin Monsen",male,21,0,0,312992,7.775,,S
+410,0,3,"Lefebre, Miss. Ida",female,,3,1,4133,25.4667,,S
+411,0,3,"Sdycoff, Mr. Todor",male,,0,0,349222,7.8958,,S
+412,0,3,"Hart, Mr. Henry",male,,0,0,394140,6.8583,,Q
+413,1,1,"Minahan, Miss. Daisy E",female,33,1,0,19928,90,C78,Q
+414,0,2,"Cunningham, Mr. Alfred Fleming",male,,0,0,239853,0,,S
+415,1,3,"Sundman, Mr. Johan Julian",male,44,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101269,7.925,,S
+416,0,3,"Meek, Mrs. Thomas (Annie Louise Rowley)",female,,0,0,343095,8.05,,S
+417,1,2,"Drew, Mrs. James Vivian (Lulu Thorne Christian)",female,34,1,1,28220,32.5,,S
+418,1,2,"Silven, Miss. Lyyli Karoliina",female,18,0,2,250652,13,,S
+419,0,2,"Matthews, Mr. William John",male,30,0,0,28228,13,,S
+420,0,3,"Van Impe, Miss. Catharina",female,10,0,2,345773,24.15,,S
+421,0,3,"Gheorgheff, Mr. Stanio",male,,0,0,349254,7.8958,,C
+422,0,3,"Charters, Mr. David",male,21,0,0,A/5. 13032,7.7333,,Q
+423,0,3,"Zimmerman, Mr. Leo",male,29,0,0,315082,7.875,,S
+424,0,3,"Danbom, Mrs. Ernst Gilbert (Anna Sigrid Maria Brogren)",female,28,1,1,347080,14.4,,S
+425,0,3,"Rosblom, Mr. Viktor Richard",male,18,1,1,370129,20.2125,,S
+426,0,3,"Wiseman, Mr. Phillippe",male,,0,0,A/4. 34244,7.25,,S
+427,1,2,"Clarke, Mrs. Charles V (Ada Maria Winfield)",female,28,1,0,2003,26,,S
+428,1,2,"Phillips, Miss. Kate Florence (""Mrs Kate Louise Phillips Marshall"")",female,19,0,0,250655,26,,S
+429,0,3,"Flynn, Mr. James",male,,0,0,364851,7.75,,Q
+430,1,3,"Pickard, Mr. Berk (Berk Trembisky)",male,32,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 392078,8.05,E10,S
+431,1,1,"Bjornstrom-Steffansson, Mr. Mauritz Hakan",male,28,0,0,110564,26.55,C52,S
+432,1,3,"Thorneycroft, Mrs. Percival (Florence Kate White)",female,,1,0,376564,16.1,,S
+433,1,2,"Louch, Mrs. Charles Alexander (Alice Adelaide Slow)",female,42,1,0,SC/AH 3085,26,,S
+434,0,3,"Kallio, Mr. Nikolai Erland",male,17,0,0,STON/O 2. 3101274,7.125,,S
+435,0,1,"Silvey, Mr. William Baird",male,50,1,0,13507,55.9,E44,S
+436,1,1,"Carter, Miss. Lucile Polk",female,14,1,2,113760,120,B96 B98,S
+437,0,3,"Ford, Miss. Doolina Margaret ""Daisy""",female,21,2,2,W./C. 6608,34.375,,S
+438,1,2,"Richards, Mrs. Sidney (Emily Hocking)",female,24,2,3,29106,18.75,,S
+439,0,1,"Fortune, Mr. Mark",male,64,1,4,19950,263,C23 C25 C27,S
+440,0,2,"Kvillner, Mr. Johan Henrik Johannesson",male,31,0,0,C.A. 18723,10.5,,S
+441,1,2,"Hart, Mrs. Benjamin (Esther Ada Bloomfield)",female,45,1,1,F.C.C. 13529,26.25,,S
+442,0,3,"Hampe, Mr. Leon",male,20,0,0,345769,9.5,,S
+443,0,3,"Petterson, Mr. Johan Emil",male,25,1,0,347076,7.775,,S
+444,1,2,"Reynaldo, Ms. Encarnacion",female,28,0,0,230434,13,,S
+445,1,3,"Johannesen-Bratthammer, Mr. Bernt",male,,0,0,65306,8.1125,,S
+446,1,1,"Dodge, Master. Washington",male,4,0,2,33638,81.8583,A34,S
+447,1,2,"Mellinger, Miss. Madeleine Violet",female,13,0,1,250644,19.5,,S
+448,1,1,"Seward, Mr. Frederic Kimber",male,34,0,0,113794,26.55,,S
+449,1,3,"Baclini, Miss. Marie Catherine",female,5,2,1,2666,19.2583,,C
+450,1,1,"Peuchen, Major. Arthur Godfrey",male,52,0,0,113786,30.5,C104,S
+451,0,2,"West, Mr. Edwy Arthur",male,36,1,2,C.A. 34651,27.75,,S
+452,0,3,"Hagland, Mr. Ingvald Olai Olsen",male,,1,0,65303,19.9667,,S
+453,0,1,"Foreman, Mr. Benjamin Laventall",male,30,0,0,113051,27.75,C111,C
+454,1,1,"Goldenberg, Mr. Samuel L",male,49,1,0,17453,89.1042,C92,C
+455,0,3,"Peduzzi, Mr. Joseph",male,,0,0,A/5 2817,8.05,,S
+456,1,3,"Jalsevac, Mr. Ivan",male,29,0,0,349240,7.8958,,C
+457,0,1,"Millet, Mr. Francis Davis",male,65,0,0,13509,26.55,E38,S
+458,1,1,"Kenyon, Mrs. Frederick R (Marion)",female,,1,0,17464,51.8625,D21,S
+459,1,2,"Toomey, Miss. Ellen",female,50,0,0,F.C.C. 13531,10.5,,S
+460,0,3,"O'Connor, Mr. Maurice",male,,0,0,371060,7.75,,Q
+461,1,1,"Anderson, Mr. Harry",male,48,0,0,19952,26.55,E12,S
+462,0,3,"Morley, Mr. William",male,34,0,0,364506,8.05,,S
+463,0,1,"Gee, Mr. Arthur H",male,47,0,0,111320,38.5,E63,S
+464,0,2,"Milling, Mr. Jacob Christian",male,48,0,0,234360,13,,S
+465,0,3,"Maisner, Mr. Simon",male,,0,0,A/S 2816,8.05,,S
+466,0,3,"Goncalves, Mr. Manuel Estanslas",male,38,0,0,SOTON/O.Q. 3101306,7.05,,S
+467,0,2,"Campbell, Mr. William",male,,0,0,239853,0,,S
+468,0,1,"Smart, Mr. John Montgomery",male,56,0,0,113792,26.55,,S
+469,0,3,"Scanlan, Mr. James",male,,0,0,36209,7.725,,Q
+470,1,3,"Baclini, Miss. Helene Barbara",female,0.75,2,1,2666,19.2583,,C
+471,0,3,"Keefe, Mr. Arthur",male,,0,0,323592,7.25,,S
+472,0,3,"Cacic, Mr. Luka",male,38,0,0,315089,8.6625,,S
+473,1,2,"West, Mrs. Edwy Arthur (Ada Mary Worth)",female,33,1,2,C.A. 34651,27.75,,S
+474,1,2,"Jerwan, Mrs. Amin S (Marie Marthe Thuillard)",female,23,0,0,SC/AH Basle 541,13.7917,D,C
+475,0,3,"Strandberg, Miss. Ida Sofia",female,22,0,0,7553,9.8375,,S
+476,0,1,"Clifford, Mr. George Quincy",male,,0,0,110465,52,A14,S
+477,0,2,"Renouf, Mr. Peter Henry",male,34,1,0,31027,21,,S
+478,0,3,"Braund, Mr. Lewis Richard",male,29,1,0,3460,7.0458,,S
+479,0,3,"Karlsson, Mr. Nils August",male,22,0,0,350060,7.5208,,S
+480,1,3,"Hirvonen, Miss. Hildur E",female,2,0,1,3101298,12.28…

---
## [jonpryor/java.interop](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop)@[fabebee58e...](https://github.com/jonpryor/java.interop/commit/fabebee58e55b52bb509dabc382ac3a67abd79f7)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 17:30:26 by Jonathan Pryor

[java-source-utils] Add Java source code utilities

Context: https://github.com/javaparser/javaparser/tree/javaparser-parent-3.16.1

There are two parts of the current `.jar` binding toolchain which are
painful and could be improved:

 1. Parameter names
 2. Documentation extraction

Parameter names (1) are important because they become the names of
event members as part of ["event-ification"][0].  As such they are
semantically important, and the default behavior of "p0" makes for a
terrible user experience.

*If* the `.class` files in the `.jar` file are built with
`javac -parameters` (4273e5ce), then the `.class` file will contain
parameter names and we're good.  However, this may not be the case.

If the `.class` files are built with `javac -g`, then we'll try to
deduce parameter names from debug info, but that's also problematic.

What else can be used to provide parameter names?

It is not unusual for Java libraries to provide "source `.jar`" files,
e.g. Android provides `android-stubs-src.jar` files, and other
libraries may provide a `*-sources.jar` file.  The contents of these
files are *Java source code*.  These files are used by Android IDEs to
provide documentation for the Java library.  They contain classes,
methods, parameter names, and associated Javadoc documentation.

What they are *not* guaranteed to do is *compile*.  As such, we can't
compile them ourselves with `javac -parameters` and then process the
`.class` files, as they may refer to unresolvable types.

"Interestingly", we *already* have some tooling to deal with this:
`tools/param-name-importer` uses a custom Irony grammar to parse
the Android SDK `*-stubs-src.jar` files to grab parameter names.
However, this tooling is *too strict*; try to pass arbitrary Java
source code at it, and it quickly fails.

Which brings us to documentation (2): we have a [javadoc2mdoc][1] tool
which will parse Javadoc HTML documentation and convert it into
[**mdoc**(5)][2] documentation, which can be later turned into
[XML documentation comments][3] files by way of
[**mdoc export-msxdoc**(1)][4], but this tool is (1) painful to
maintain, because it processes Javadoc *HTML*, and
(2) *requires Javadoc HTML*.

Google hasn't updated their downloadable Javadoc `.zip` file since
API-24 (2016-October).  API-30 is currently stable.

If we want newer docs, we either need to scrape the
developer.android.com/reference website to use with the existing
tooling, or...  we need to be able to read the Javadoc comments within
the `*-stubs-src.jar` files provided with the Android SDK.
(Note: Android SDK docs are Apache 2; file format conversion is fine.)

We thus have two use-cases for which parsing Java source code would
be useful..

As luck would have it, there's a decent Apache 2-licensed Java project
which supports parsing Java source code: [JavaParser][5].

Add a new `tools/java-source-utils` program which will parse Java
source code to produce two artifacts: parameter names and
consolidated Javadoc documentation:

	$ java -jar java-source-utils.jar --help
	java-source-utils [-v] [<-a|--aar> AAR]* [<-j|--jar> JAR]* [<-s|--source> DIRS]*
		[--bootclasspath CLASSPATH]
		[<-P|--output-params> OUT.params.txt] [<-D|--output-javadoc> OUT.xml] FILES

Provide `--output-params OUT.params.txt`, and the specified file will
be created which follows the file format laid out in
[`JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs`][6]:

	package java.lang
	;---------------------------------------
	  class Object
	    wait(long timeout)

Provide `--output-javadocs OUT.xml`, and the resulting file will be a
`class-parse`-like XML file which uses `//@jni-signature` as the "key"
and a child `<javadoc/>` element to contain documentation, e.g.:

	<api api-source="java-source-utils">
	  <package name="java.lang">
	    <class name="Object" jni-signature="Ljava/lang/Object;">
	      <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      <constructor jni-signature="()V">
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </constructor>
	      <method name="wait" jni-signature="(J)V" jni-returns="V" returns="void">
	        <parameter name="name" jni-type="J" type="long" />
	        <javadoc>…</javadoc>
	      </method>
	    </class>
	  </package
	</api>

This should make it possible to update the Xamarin.Android API
documentation without resorting to web scraping (and updating the code
to deal with whatever new HTML dialects are now used).

If neither `--output-params` nor `--output-javadocs` is used, then
`--output-javadocs` will be executed, writing to stdout.

The XML file *also* contains parameter name information, so that one
file can be the "source of truth" for parameter names and
documentation.

`FILES` can be:

  * Java source code in a `.java` file; or
  * A file with a `.jar` or `.zip` extension, which will be extracted
    into a temp directory and all `.java` files within the directory
    will be processed; or
  * A directory tree, and all `.java` files will be processed.

If a single file references other types, the "root" directory containing
those types may need to be specified via `--source DIR`:

	$ java -jar "bin/Debug/java-source-utils.jar" -v \
	  -s $HOMEandroid-toolchain/sdk/platforms/_t  \
	  $HOME/android-toolchain/sdk/platforms/_t/android/app/Activity.java \
	  -P android.params.txt -D android.xml >o.txt 2>&1

TODO:

In some scenarios, types won't be resolvable.  What should output be?

We don't want to *require* that everything be resolvable -- it's painful, and
possibly impossible, e.g. w/ internal types -- so instead we should "demark"
the unresolvable types.

`.params.txt` output will use `.*` as a type prefix, e.g.

	method(.*UnresolvableType foo, int bar);

`docs.xml` will output `L.*UnresolvableType;`.

Fix JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs to support the above.

[0]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/internals/api-design#events-and-listeners
[1]: https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/tree/d48cf04f9749664bf48fc16bcb920d5d941cccab/tools/javadoc2mdoc
[2]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc(5)
[3]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/xmldoc/
[4]: http://docs.go-mono.com/?link=man%3amdoc-export-msxdoc(1)
[5]: https://javaparser.org
[6]: https://github.com/xamarin/java.interop/blob/93df5a200e7b6f1b5add451aff66bbcb24293720/src/Xamarin.Android.Tools.Bytecode/JavaParameterNamesLoader.cs#L45-L68

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13)@[7441465cd3...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13/commit/7441465cd3a56e7f24399cd6cbaa50eb4b330b85)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 17:35:42 by Muhreen

[READY] Fixes Double Barrel shotgun reskins & Inhands (#3134)

* Fixes shotgun inahnds

* fuck you jake

---
## [2xjtn/Oxygen](https://github.com/2xjtn/Oxygen)@[d4a35cb37e...](https://github.com/2xjtn/Oxygen/commit/d4a35cb37ed81aa5db72b09a0412e2dc1a3275a4)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 20:29:35 by luaemu

add actual shit to app.java

this should confirm the maven shit 2x did is not in vain (please we've been working on this shit for like 2 days just work maven god fucking damn it)

Signed-off-by: luaemu <luaemuinquiries@gmail.com>

---
## [aelesia/dashboard-amos](https://github.com/aelesia/dashboard-amos)@[1ba2c61edc...](https://github.com/aelesia/dashboard-amos/commit/1ba2c61edc92a28e96e0c518e0ca47799751f406)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 20:36:07 by Jaslyn S

fuck you facebook

CI=false because build command triggers linting, which has warnings, which causes it to fail in CI

again, fuck you facebook

---
## [medleyCole/Trails](https://github.com/medleyCole/Trails)@[c317ff4e55...](https://github.com/medleyCole/Trails/commit/c317ff4e55267539226787083b171a4a46dc19f1)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 21:28:29 by Gourd (cole)

added in checkpoints 

the car goes to a chekcpoitn, gets prompred for ane vent, and then the player chooses how to resolve that event.

It was pretty easy to impliment, but boy: have I been depressed and really unable to work on things :,)

Love my friends tho.

Sorry if you're someoen I brought on the team reading this, but always remember: even  doinga little work a day can eventually lead  to you getting something important done! Also like- you have value beyond your ability to be productive.

---
## [EaW-Team/equestria_dev](https://github.com/EaW-Team/equestria_dev)@[9ebd04b2a1...](https://github.com/EaW-Team/equestria_dev/commit/9ebd04b2a1686a5d67df59ca9d173d0cf7691a61)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 21:48:29 by Cyrus

Nerfing the Finanical Expert Trait because holy fuck the amount of times it has gotten people into negative Consumer Goods factor is way too god damn high

---
## [dotnet/runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime)@[69316ce444...](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/commit/69316ce44430884bb868159f24c88f35726e3f2b)
#### Thursday 2020-07-30 23:21:38 by monojenkins

[RISCV] Build fixes and simple exception handling (#40142)

Hello Mono friends,

here are some build fixes to make the RISC-V port compile again. Also I added some minimal exception handling stuff to make most of the mini regression test suites passing in the interpreter:
```console
$ for i in mono/mini/{basic.exe,basic-float.exe,basic-long.exe,basic-calls.exe,objects.exe,arrays.exe,exceptions.exe,iltests.exe,devirtualization.exe,generics.exe,basic-vectors.exe,ratests.exe}; do \
  MONO_PATH=../managed-libs/./mcs/class/lib/net_4_x-linux/ \
  qemu-riscv64 ./mono/mini/mono-sgen --config data/config --regression --interp $i;
done
```
output here: https://gist.github.com/lewurm/d7e54b47930126e6bae77b9a4eee1d40

While this is cool, keep in mind this only works because `--regression` doesn't pull in any native transitions. For this we essentially need a working JIT and implement some trampolines. Alas I ran out of time for my hackweek project to get it in any useful state, so I didn't include it in this PR. My WIP branch is here: https://github.com/lewurm/mono/commits/riscv-wip

I also ran into an annoying qemu bug which I reported here: https://github.com/riscv/riscv-binutils-gdb/issues/223 / https://bugs.launchpad.net/qemu/+bug/1889411 Hopefully this will be fixed before I touch it next time and/or I have real hardware at this point 😄

/cc @alexrp

Co-authored-by: lewurm <lewurm@users.noreply.github.com>

---

# [<](2020-07-29.md) 2020-07-30 [>](2020-07-31.md)

