# [<](2020-12-18.md) 2020-12-19 [>](2020-12-20.md)

1,835,684 events, 1,049,588 push events, 1,530,962 commit messages, 98,249,459 characters


## [offthedial/bot](https://github.com/offthedial/bot)@[8372c58d3d...](https://github.com/offthedial/bot/commit/8372c58d3d8df013a69614b3b68ee6a90df94251)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 04:20:20 by LeptoFlare

Store id's as strings so
javascript doesn't decide to lose some random ass amount of precision because fuck you javascript

---
## [alanliu-8/CS313E](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E)@[3599d8a432...](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E/commit/3599d8a4323c3d6a246eb5f152ac913383fb9bce)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 05:01:29 by Alan Liu

Add files via upload

Assignment 19:

Circular Linked List ( Due 09 Nov 2020 )
The problem that you are going to solve is known as Josephus problem and it is stated as follows. There is a group of soldiers surrounded by an overwhelming enemy force. There is no hope for victory without reinforcements, so they make a pact to commit suicide.
They form a circle and a number n is picked from a hat. One of their names is picked at random. Beginning with the soldier whose name is picked, they begin to count clockwise around the circle. When the count reaches n, that soldier is executed, and the count begins again with the next man. The process continues so that each time the count reaches n, a man is removed from the circle. Once a soldier is removed from the circle he is no longer counted. The last soldier remaining was supposed to take his own life. According to legend the last soldier remaining was Josephus and instead of taking his own life he joined the enemy forces and survived.

The problem is: given a number n, the ordering of the men in the circle, and the man from whom the count begins, to determine the order in which the men are eliminated from the circle and which man escapes. For example, suppose that n equals 3 and there are five men named A, B, C, D, and E. We count three men, starting at A, so that C is eliminated first. We then begin at D and count D, E, and back to A, so that A is eliminated next. Then we count B, D, and E (C has already been eliminated) and finally B, D, and B, so that D is the man who escapes.

You will use a circular linked list. You have worked on the linear linked list in your previous home work. To make a circular linked list you need to make the next field in the last link of the linked list point back to the first link instead of being null. From any point in a circular list it is possible to reach any other point in the list. Thus any link can be the first or last link. One useful convention is to let the external pointer to the circular list point to the last link and to allow the following link be the first link. We also have the convention that a null pointer represents an empty circular list.

Instead of giving the soldiers names you will assign them numbers serially starting from 1 (one). This way you can use the Link class that we discussed. In your program you will read the data from a file called josephus.in. The first line gives the number of soldiers. The second line gives the soldier from where the counting starts. The third line gives the elimination number.

You will create a circular linked list having the number of soldier specified. Your program will print out the order in which the soldiers get eliminated. The template for your program will look like this:

import sys

class Link(object):


class CircularList(object):
  # Constructor
  def __init__ ( self ): 

  # Insert an element (value) in the list
  def insert ( self, data):

  # Find the link with the given data (value)
  def find ( self, data ):

  # Delete a link with a given data (value)
  def delete ( self, data ):

  # Delete the nth link starting from the Link start 
  # Return the next link from the deleted Link
  def delete_after ( self, start, n ):

  # Return a string representation of a Circular List
  def __str__ ( self ):

def main():
  # read number of soldiers
  line = sys.stdin.readline()
  line = line.strip()
  num_soldiers = int (line)
  
  # read the starting number
  line = sys.stdin.readline()
  line = line.strip()
  start_count = int (line)

  # read the elimination number
  line = sys.stdin.readline()
  line = line.strip()
  elim_num = int (line)

  # your code

if __name__ == "__main__":
  main()
To run this code on the command line on the Mac you will do
python3 Josephus.py < josephus.in
To run the code on the command line on a Windows machine you will do
python Josephus.py < josephus.in
You will modify the functions insert(), find(), and delete() from the LinkedList class. The main workhorse of the program will be the delete_after() method. This takes the starting Link and the elimination number n and deletes the nth Link from the starting Link. It returns the next Link after the Link that was deleted.

Suppose the input file was the following:

12
1
3
Then your output will be:
3
6
9
12
4
8
1
7
2
11
5
10
The last line of your output will be the number of the soldier that escapes.
For this assignment you may work with a partner. Both of you must read the paper on Pair Programming and abide by the ground rules as stated in that paper.

The file that you will be uploading will be called Josephus.py. We are looking for clean and structured design. The file will have a header of the following form:

#  File: Josephus.py

#  Description:

#  Student Name:

#  Student UT EID:

#  Partner Name:

#  Partner UT EID:

#  Course Name: CS 313E

#  Unique Number: 

#  Date Created:

#  Date Last Modified:

If you are working with a partner you will be submitting a single program (from either account) but make sure that you have your partner's name and eid in your program. If you are working alone, then remove the two lines that has the partner's name and eid in the header.

Use the Canvas system to submit your Josephus.py file. We should receive your work by 11 PM on Monday, 09 Nov 2020. There will be substantial penalties if you do not adhere to the guidelines. Remember Python is case sensitive. The name of your file must match exactly what we have specified.

Your Python program should have the proper header.
Your code must run before submission.
You should be submitting your file through the web based Canvas program. We will not accept files e-mailed to us.
References
Josephus Problem in Wikipedia
Josephus Problem in Wolfram Mathworld

---
## [alanliu-8/CS313E](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E)@[47d54f6901...](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E/commit/47d54f69012c90b5660c1adfd67b64741d58fbca)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 05:05:11 by Alan Liu

Add files via upload

Assignment 16:

Reducible Words ( Due 30 Oct 2020 )
What are some of the longest English words that remain a valid English words as you remove one letter at a time from those words?

The letters can be removed anywhere from the word one at a time but you may not rearrange the remaining letters to form a valid word. Every time you remove a letter the remaining letters form a valid English word. Eventually you will end up with a single letter and that single letter must also be a valid English word. A valid English word is one that is found in the Oxford English Dictionary or the Webster's Dictionary.

For want of a better term we will call such words reducible words. Here are two examples of reducible words:

1: sprite. If you remove the r you get spite. Remove the e and you get spit. Remove the s and you get pit. Remove the p and you get it. Remove the t and you get i or I which is a valid English word.

2: string. Take away the r and you have sting. Take away the t and you have sing. Take away the g and you have sin. Take away the s and you have in. Take away the n and you have i or I which is a valid English word.

So all reducible words will reduce to one of three letters - a, i, and o. We will not accept any other letter as the final one letter word.

There is no official word list in an electronic form that we can use. We will use a curated word list file called words.txt. All the words are in lower case and are two letters or more in length. This word list will do as our input file.

Your output will be all the words of length 10 that are reducible. You will print each word in alphabetical order on a line by itself. Here is your output of reducible words of length 10.

Here is the outline of the code. The algorithm has been discussed in class. You may always add more helper functions as needed.

# Input: takes as input a positive integer n
# Output: returns True if n is prime and False otherwise
def is_prime ( n ):
  if (n == 1):
    return False

  limit = int (n ** 0.5) + 1
  div = 2
  while (div < limit):
    if (n % div == 0):
      return False
    div += 1
  return True

# Input: takes as input a string in lower case and the size
#        of the hash table 
# Output: returns the index the string will hash into
def hash_word (s, size):
  hash_idx = 0
  for j in range (len(s)):
    letter = ord (s[j]) - 96
	hash_idx = (hash_idx * 26 + letter) % size
  return hash_idx

# Input: takes as input a string in lower case and the constant
#        for double hashing 
# Output: returns the step size for that string 
def step_size (s, const):

# Input: takes as input a string and a hash table 
# Output: no output; the function enters the string in the hash table, 
#         it resolves collisions by double hashing
def insert_word (s, hash_table):

# Input: takes as input a string and a hash table 
# Output: returns True if the string is in the hash table 
#         and False otherwise
def find_word (s, hash_table):

# Input: string s, a hash table, and a hash_memo 
#        recursively finds if the string is reducible
# Output: if the string is reducible it enters it into the hash memo 
#         and returns True and False otherwise
def is_reducible (s, hash_table, hash_memo):

# Input: string_list a list of words
# Output: returns a list of words that have the maximum length
def get_longest_words (string_list):

def main():
  # create an empty word_list

  # open the file words.txt

  # read words from words.txt and append to word_list

  # close file words.txt

  # find length of word_list

  # determine prime number N that is greater than twice
  # the length of the word_list

  # create an empty hash_list

  # populate the hash_list with N blank strings

  # hash each word in word_list into hash_list
  # for collisions use double hashing 

  # create an empty hash_memo of size M
  # we do not know a priori how many words will be reducible
  # let us assume it is 10 percent (fairly safe) of the words
  # then M is a prime number that is slightly greater than 
  # 0.2 * size of word_list

  # populate the hash_memo with M blank strings

  # create an empty list reducible_words

  # for each word in the word_list recursively determine
  # if it is reducible, if it is, add it to reducible_words

  # find words of length 10 in reducible_words

  # print the words of length 10 in alphabetical order
  # one word per line

if __name__ == "__main__":
  main()
For this assignment you may work with a partner. Both of you must read the paper on Pair Programming and abide by the ground rules as stated in that paper.

The file that you will be uploading will be called Reducible.py. We are looking for clean and structured design. The file will have a header of the following form:

#  File: Reducible.py

#  Description:

#  Student Name:

#  Student UT EID:

#  Partner Name:

#  Partner UT EID:

#  Course Name: CS 313E

#  Unique Number: 

#  Date Created:

#  Date Last Modified:

If you are working with a partner, you will be submitting only one program but make sure that you have your partner's name and eid in your program. If you are working alone, then remove the two lines that has the partner's name and eid in the header.

Use the Canvas system to submit your Reducible.py file. We should receive your work by 11 PM on Friday, 30 Oct 2020. There will be substantial penalties if you do not adhere to the guidelines. Remember Python is case sensitive. The name of your file must match exactly what we have specified.

Your Python program should have the proper header.
Your code must run before submission.
You should be submitting your file through the web based Canvas program. We will not accept files e-mailed to us.

---
## [alanliu-8/CS313E](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E)@[452eee9782...](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E/commit/452eee9782db93869c886246485b847e5495fe26)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 05:08:15 by Alan Liu

Add files via upload

Assignment 13:

Magic Squares through Permutation ( Due 19 Oct 2020 )
A magic square is a square of numbers from 1 to n2 such that the sum of every row, the sum of every column, and the sum of the two main diagonals is the same number. There are many algorithms to generate odd magic squares of order 3 or greater. There are also algorithms to generate even magic squares of order 4 or greater. But the algorithms to generate even order magic squares are more complicated and you cannot get all magic squares of a given order using these algorithms.

Magic Squares have fascinated mankind for centuries. They were thought to have magical properties about them and hence the name magic square. Here is a very famous magic square that is featured in the painting Melancholia by Albrecht Durer in 1514.

16   3   2  13
 5  10  11   8
 9   6   7  12
 4  15  14   1
Your input will be a single integer n that will be 3 or greater. For this assignment you will generate all magic squares through permutation. We will test you for order 3 magic squares but your code should be general enough that it can do higher order magic squares. The process is straight forward but time consuming. Here are the steps:

Create a 1-D list of integers 1 through n2.
Permute this list of integers.
For each permutation check if this 1-D list is a magic square if converted to a 2-D list. If it is, then print the 1-D list.
Stop when you have gone through all the permutations.
The magic constant is the sum of the rows, columns or diagonals in a n x n magic square. The magic constant is given by n * (n2 + 1) / 2, where n is the dimension of the magic square. For a 3 x 3 magic square the magic constant is 15. For a 4 x 4 magic square the constant is 34.

In this program you will read a single integer n from standard input. For n = 3, the first line of your output will look as follows:

[2, 7, 6, 9, 5, 1, 4, 3, 8]
There should be 8 magic squares of order 3.
If you like the challenge, your should try to optimize your code to do n = 4. For the fourth order magic square the first and last lines in your output will look as follows:

[1, 2, 15, 16, 12, 14, 3, 5, 13, 7, 10, 4, 8, 11, 6, 9]

...

[16, 1, 15, 2, 5, 8, 10, 11, 4, 13, 3, 14, 9, 12, 6, 7]
There should be 7040 magic squares of order 4!
You must optimize your code so that it does not go through all the permutations. For example, if the first row does not add to the magic constant stop that permutation and go to the next one. If the second row does not add to the magic constant then stop that permutation and go to the next one. And similarly for the sum of the third row.

For this assignment you may work with a partner. Both of you must read the paper on Pair Programming and abide by the ground rules as stated in that paper.

Here is the template of the file called MagicSquare.py that you will be turning in. We are looking for clean and structured design using the standard coding conventions in Python. You may not change the function signatures but you may add as many helper functions as needed. The file will have a header of the following form:

#  File: MagicSquare.py

#  Description:

#  Student Name:

#  Student UT EID:

#  Partner Name:

#  Partner UT EID:

#  Course Name: CS 313E

#  Unique Number: 

#  Date Created:

#  Date Last Modified:
To run this code on the command line on the Mac you will do
python3 MagicSquare.py
To run the code on the command line on a Windows machine you will do
python MagicSquare.py
If you are working with a partner, you will be submitting only one program but make sure that you have your partner's name and eid in your program. If you are working alone, then remove the two lines that has the partner's name and eid in the header.

Use the Canvas system to submit your MagicSquare.py file. We should receive your work by 11 PM on Monday, 19 Oct 2020. There will be substantial penalties if you do not adhere to the guidelines. Remember Python is case sensitive. The name of your file must match exactly what we have specified.

Your Python program should have the proper header.
Your code must run before submission.
You should be submitting your file through the web based Canvas program. We will not accept files e-mailed to us.
References
Magic Square Article in Wolfram MathWorld
Article on Magic Square in Wikipedia
Even Order Magic Square
Durer's Magic Square

---
## [alanliu-8/CS313E](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E)@[266ecd1303...](https://github.com/alanliu-8/CS313E/commit/266ecd13039d66b40ff8a1828ad8f9ed953d3423)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 05:18:51 by Alan Liu

Add files via upload

Assignment 7:

Work Till You Drop (due 30 Oct 2020)
Vyasa has to complete a programming assignment overnight. He has to write n lines of code before morning. He is dead tired and he tries drinking some black coffee to keep him awake. But each time he drinks a cup of coffee he stays awake for a short amount of time but his productivity goes down by a constant factor k

This is how he plans to write the program. He will write the first v lines of code, then drink his first cup of coffee. Since his productivity has gone down by a factor of k he will write v // k lines of code. He will have another cup of coffee and then write v // k**2 lines of code. He will have another cup of coffee and write v // k**3 lines of code and so on. He will collapse and fall asleep when v // k ** p becomes 0.

Now Vyasa does want to complete his assignment and maximize on his sleep. So he wants to figure out the minimum allowable value of v for a given productivity factor that will allow him to write at least n lines of code before he falls asleep.

Input: You will read your input from standard input as given in the following format work.in:

2
300 2
59 9
The first line is T the number of test cases. This will be followed by T lines of input. Each line of input will have two numbers n and k. n is the number of lines of code to write and k is the productivity factor, where 1 ≤ n ≤ 106 and 2 ≤ k ≤ 10.
Output: For each test case write your result to standard out as shown in work.out. In your output there will be v lines of code the Vyasa has to write, as well as the time it took for each function. For the above two test cases, the output will be:

Binary Search: 152
Time: 9.512901306152344e-05

Linear Search: 152
Time: 0.0005910396575927734


Binary Search: 54
Time: 4.696846008300781e-05

Linear Search: 54
Time: 9.012222290039062e-05
Do not worry if your times don't match exactly. For this assignment, main has been written completely for you, and nothing needs to be changed in it.
You will be solving this problem in 2 ways. First, you will write a function that uses a linear search to solve the problem. Then you will write a function that uses a modified binary search algorithm to solve it again. Both functions will return the same answer, but the binary search method will usually be faster.

It is recommended that you write a helper function, which given a value v representing the number of lines Vyasa writes before his first cup of coffee and a value k, the productivity factor, will calculate the number of lines Vyasa will write before falling asleep. This can be called in both the linear and binary functions to make the computations easier.

You must complete this assignment on your own. You may not acquire from another person or the internet a partial or complete solution to this assignment. You may not show another student your solution to an assignment. You may not have another person (other than the instructor, TAs, or proctors) walk you through the solution. You may only discuss general ideas and approaches with other students but you may not develop code together.

Here is the template of the file Work.py that you will be submitting. You may NOT change the names of the functions but you may add as many helper functions as needed. You will follow the standard coding conventions in Python. Your file will have the following header:

#  File: Work.py

#  Description:

#  Student Name:

#  Student UT EID:

#  Course Name: CS 313E

#  Unique Number: 

#  Date Created:

#  Date Last Modified:
You can always add more function than those listed. Mac users will run their program on the command line as follows:
python3 Work.py < work.in
Windows users will run their code on the command line as follows:
python Work.py < work.in
Use the Canvas system to submit your Work.py file. We should receive your work by 11 PM on Friday, 30 Oct 2020. There will be substantial penalties if you do not adhere to the guidelines. Remember Python is case sensitive. The name of your file must match exactly what we have specified.

Your Python program should have the proper header.
Your code must run before submission.
You should be submitting your file through the web based Canvas program. We will not accept files e-mailed to us.

---
## [sheodox/jimaku-player](https://github.com/sheodox/jimaku-player)@[aee0d29635...](https://github.com/sheodox/jimaku-player/commit/aee0d29635f8b58ff07c60e52019d186b933b96a)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 05:48:02 by sheodox

Better vertical alignment ('line' cue) support for WebVTT subtitles, and made the clickable area for a Jisho lookup more closely match the width of the text so you're less likely to accidentally look something up when you were intending on clicking on something else.

Rewrote a bit of how SubRip/WebVTT subtitles are rendered. The renderer still had some remaining artifacts from when it was shared with ASS subtitles. Since it has no need for distinct phrases the structure was cleaned up a bit and now there's just a single 'p' element instead of it containing a 'span' inside with distinct styles on both which makes everything a bit easier to deal with. Some basic styles that don't change were moved out of the parser's inline styles and into the renderer's component classes.

Added better support for WebVTT 'line' arguments. There are some special cases, like '0' and '-1' as non-percentages, that mirror '0%' and '100%' respectively. I don't think I'm exactly handling this as it seems it can be positive or negative integers judging by what MDN says (not just 0 and -1) but this anyways seems to work for those two currently anyway and it can be re-evaluated in the future.

Added a bit of code to swap between two different clamped values for the 'top' on a subtitle, this way if the subtitles are showing on the bottom of the screen they hopefully won't overlap the video controls when we expect them to show up (user is active).

The 'userActive' store now is better at telling when the user is actually active. If you kept moving the mouse it'd timeout then immediately reset back to active leading to things kinda jumping around for a frame, it just wasn't properly extending the timeout like I had intended.

Since there was no good format test script I could find like Aegisub's ass-format-tests.ass I started my own demo vtt script, and made a small test app that shows a native browser rendering (using a 'track' element) and the SubRipRenderer.svelte verison side-by-side for every subtitle line in the script so you can just scroll down the page and see if everything looks right. Some things that were reused (the header and the GM_* shims) needed to be broken out into their own files.

---
## [sudo-d4s3/link_brain](https://github.com/sudo-d4s3/link_brain)@[b0cbe07c95...](https://github.com/sudo-d4s3/link_brain/commit/b0cbe07c955515df13e81fa0489e009cf7ba2e36)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 06:07:30 by d4s3

fixed the readme

look im tired, i forgot to make the markdown into a list, it's fixed
fuck you

---
## [dashpay/dash](https://github.com/dashpay/dash)@[50e746ac2e...](https://github.com/dashpay/dash/commit/50e746ac2e644b28a75ebb5c8afe248791b26ddb)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 06:35:44 by Jonas Schnelli

Merge #13439: rpc: Avoid "duplicate" return value for invalid submitblock

f74894480 Only set fNewBlock to true in AcceptBlock when we write to disk (Matt Corallo)
fa6e49731 rpc: Avoid "duplicate" return value for invalid submitblock (MarcoFalke)

Pull request description:

  This is #13395 with one more commit tacked on. MarcoFalke got tired of dealing with the stupidity of fixing a return code with too many rounds of review (not that I blame him). Honestly we should probably have no return whatsoever, but for now, this fixes it (as well as nLastBlockTime for eviction purposes).

  Original description:

  When `submitblock` of an invalid block, the return value should not be `"duplicate"`.

  This is only seen when the header was previously found (denoted by the incorrectly named boolean `fBlockPresent`). Fix this bug by removing `fBlockPresent`.

Tree-SHA512: 0ce3092655d5d904b4c8c5ff7479f73ce387144a738f20472b8af132564005c6db5594ae366e589508f6258506ee7a28b1c7995a83a8328b334f99316006bf2d

---
## [SonalSingh18/Launcher3](https://github.com/SonalSingh18/Launcher3)@[717b786568...](https://github.com/SonalSingh18/Launcher3/commit/717b786568d517ee6c40dec42fc03c7da0e39d55)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 07:13:14 by Alex Cruz

Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1
Signed-off-by: DennySPb <dennyspb@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: spezi77 <spezi7713@gmx.net>

---
## [ctavolazzi/beatTheOgre](https://github.com/ctavolazzi/beatTheOgre)@[17d1758475...](https://github.com/ctavolazzi/beatTheOgre/commit/17d17584755fa897f24f6891d1c192201badcf21)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 08:07:07 by Christopher Tavolazzi

v 0.5

Hello! 

I joined Hack Reactor precourse about 3 weeks ago. Holy crap I've learned a lot in that time.

Here is something I was working on before I graduated Hack Reactor precourse. I've updated it throughout, making little changes here and there. 

The biggest change is in the way the index page buttons handle the creation of semi-randomly generated NPCs for our player character to fight.

Before, they used these clunky functions with a lot of values passed in. 

Now, that logic is wrapped in a function inside the JS file. You can now call makeBug, makeFox, makeHuman to create an NPC of that type.

Malgaroth is now his own object (that's the Ogre).

I now know what callbacks are so this might get revamped to use loss object-oriented and imperative programming. 

I still don't know how to import/export files, so my JS file is still like 800 lines. I'm sorry.

I'm intentionally learning this the hard way. I want to have these kind of experiences of failure and frustration so that someday when I'm working with nice things like frameworks and libraries, I'll be able to look back on this time and say, "wow, that was really dumb, I can't believe I did it that way."

---
## [tannerhelland/PhotoDemon](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon)@[84f84be77b...](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon/commit/84f84be77b7a1f52cb1151eeef8e5df1bbec5fad)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 17:10:51 by Tanner

Clipboard workaround for Google Chrome bugs

See #343 for details.  Thank you to @EsterLoken for catching and reporting, and @wqweto for additional follow-up.

tl;dr: this fixes Copy+Paste into Google Chrome.  By manually marking CF_DIB as available at Cut/Copy-time, PD can reliably receive notifications for copy+paste when old-style CF_DIB format is requested.  This is an ancient Windows bug going back to at least Windows 7 (possibly earlier? idk), but the bug was useful because you could "force" apps to choose between bitmaps/DDBs (which every app supports all the way back to Win 3.1) or DIBv5 (which any Win 98+ app should support, as it fixes DIB issues by e.g. making alpha-handling and color-management explicit).  I have never before encountered an app that didn't support either DDBs or DIBv5, but at some point, Chrome developers apparently decided this was the way to go.  I'm shocked that Google developers are this incompetent (/s obviously, Google's app behavior on Windows is perpetually incompetent)

Longer explanation: from a code standpoint this change is trivial, but it has many potential implications for interop with other software, including breaking 32-bpp copy+paste ops in old software.  Given Chrome's ubiquity, I think changing this is probably the least of several evils, but I'm extremely annoyed that Chrome is incapable of using modern clipboard formats, and that its clipboard interop breaks with regularity.  (I've lost track of how many times I've tweaked PD's clipboard code to make Chrome happy.  At least this time it involves broken pasting into Chrome instead of broken copying out of Chrome... so points for at least breaking in a novel way?  uuuuuugh)

Even longer explanation: Windows DIB format, like nearly everything in GDI, is inconsistent in its handling of alpha bytes.  As an easy example, PrintScreen keypresses often place a 32-bpp DIB on the clipboard with random alpha bytes.  Because you don't ever know if a clipboard DIB has useful or broken alpha, you must assume broken alpha and treat the data as 24-bpp only.  (Heuristics can be used to try and "guess" alpha state, but like any heuristics, edge-cases are complicated and impossible to handle perfectly.)

Old-school DDBs (CF_BITMAP) don't have this issue because alpha is explicitly *not* supported, and "modern" DIBv5 fixes the issue with not just explicit alpha support, but extra support for nice things like color-management.  There is no reason to forcibly use CF_DIB except for software which predates Windows 98.  (Or if you're a Google dev, apparently.)

By reenabling old-style DIB support to make Chrome work, I must manually composite 32-bpp images against a backcolor when using DIB format.  This is required to making pasting into e.g. MS Paint still viable.  (MS Paint preferentially grabs DIB data over DDB data, so when placing 32-bpp DIB data on the clipboard you *must* composite first or you'll get a broken image when pasting into MS Paint.  Paint will ignore a DDB copy completely if a DIB is present, alas.)

This change also breaks some software that would preferentially choose DIBv5 over DIB when available (e.g. Chasys Draw, which can no longer paste 32-bpp data from PD.  This is technically a problem on their end but users will only know "it worked before and now it doesn't", alas).

I'm especially frustrated with Chrome because this change doesn't even allow you to paste 32-bpp data into Chrome - that still isn't possible, because they won't take DIBv5 or PNG-format data if available, no matter what you do.  All it does is break interop with a bunch of legacy software, just so you can paste into Chrome *at all*.

Anyway, I don't maintain an exhaustive list of clipboard format support in other apps, but I'm hoping that PNG as an interop format is more ubiquitious in 2020, which may negate some of the worst issues of this change. (For example, the last time I changed PD's clipboard mechanism, this fix didn't work because pasting into Paint.NET was downgraded to 24-bpp data only.  Two years later, however, I can revert this because Paint.NET added PNG clipboard support in 2019, and it will preferentially use PNG data over the DIB data PD is now forced to place on the clipboard.)

Anyway, I've been interrupted by my toddler roughly 1000x while trying to explain this issue, so I've probably repeated myself many times over.  Sorry!  I'm just frustrated with Google for what feels like the billionth time, and being forced to enable a Win-95-era clipboard format just to appease Chrome makes me very unhappy.

---
## [stadust/dash-rs](https://github.com/stadust/dash-rs)@[73e0c91820...](https://github.com/stadust/dash-rs/commit/73e0c91820104b18e012552ff0650f1bffa46010)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 17:19:48 by stadust

Stadust's a fucking idiot

aka fixed to_url trying to pass the request as http query parameters :facepalm:

---
## [v4lkyr/whyred](https://github.com/v4lkyr/whyred)@[266cf48b37...](https://github.com/v4lkyr/whyred/commit/266cf48b374223e14f78f94563f9f129c0eac3ff)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 17:59:23 by Petr Mladek

kthread: add kthread_create_worker*()

Kthread workers are currently created using the classic kthread API,
namely kthread_run().  kthread_worker_fn() is passed as the @threadfn
parameter.

This patch defines kthread_create_worker() and
kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() functions that hide implementation details.

They enforce using kthread_worker_fn() for the main thread.  But I doubt
that there are any plans to create any alternative.  In fact, I think that
we do not want any alternative main thread because it would be hard to
support consistency with the rest of the kthread worker API.

The naming and function of kthread_create_worker() is inspired by the
workqueues API like the rest of the kthread worker API.

The kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() variant is motivated by the original
kthread_create_on_cpu().  Note that we need to bind per-CPU kthread
workers already when they are created.  It makes the life easier.
kthread_bind() could not be used later for an already running worker.

This patch does _not_ convert existing kthread workers.  The kthread
worker API need more improvements first, e.g.  a function to destroy the
worker.

IMPORTANT:

kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() allows to use any format of the worker
name, in compare with kthread_create_on_cpu().  The good thing is that it
is more generic.  The bad thing is that most users will need to pass the
cpu number in two parameters, e.g.  kthread_create_worker_on_cpu(cpu,
"helper/%d", cpu).

To be honest, the main motivation was to avoid the need for an empty
va_list.  The only legal way was to create a helper function that would be
called with an empty list.  Other attempts caused compilation warnings or
even errors on different architectures.

There were also other alternatives, for example, using #define or
splitting __kthread_create_worker().  The used solution looked like the
least ugly.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/1470754545-17632-6-git-send-email-pmladek@suse.com
Signed-off-by: Petr Mladek <pmladek@suse.com>
Acked-by: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Ingo Molnar <mingo@redhat.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Steven Rostedt <rostedt@goodmis.org>
Cc: "Paul E. McKenney" <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Josh Triplett <josh@joshtriplett.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Jiri Kosina <jkosina@suse.cz>
Cc: Borislav Petkov <bp@suse.de>
Cc: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.cz>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria)@[e99a262203...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-daily-post-nigeria/commit/e99a26220367d65e87b642630fbc15247a2bab86)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 21:09:55 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [dailypost.ng/2020/12/19/i-didnt-know-my-brother-will-die-when-i-threw-him-into-a-well-10-year-old-girl/]

---
## [Andrew-William-Smith/hudson](https://github.com/Andrew-William-Smith/hudson)@[6625d88ee3...](https://github.com/Andrew-William-Smith/hudson/commit/6625d88ee36825c56131e62733944e376f5e1511)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 21:43:10 by Andrew-William-Smith

Added NFC normalisation for character literals

Ah, Unicode.  I've added NFC normalisation of character literal
strings in the compiler to ensure that we can properly handle
decomposed sequences; as such, á and á are now equivalent in the
compiler's eyes.  I've yet to decide whether I want to do the same
for strings: my current thought is yes for all but numeric string
literals, since for all other types of string the difference
shouldn't be visible to or needed by the user.  The same will
likely be true for identifiers and the like.  Uunf is a fairly
large dependency to pull in, and given that debugging invisible
Unicode issues would be very offputting to new users of the
language, I'd like to make the experience as painless as possible.

---
## [kleinerm/Psychtoolbox-3](https://github.com/kleinerm/Psychtoolbox-3)@[9f625848bd...](https://github.com/kleinerm/Psychtoolbox-3/commit/9f625848bdfea9126f166d59ea914f7da8aba7ad)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 22:27:47 by kleinerm

Merge pull request #697 from kleinerm/master

Pull for PTB 3.0.17 beta "Dynamically High" SP6

PTB 3.0.17 BETA update "Dynamically High!" SP6

### All systems

- More code cleanup and deletion of obsolete/long dead and unused code and functionality.

- All Octave mex files will now be stripped of the most verbose debug symbols. This drastically reduces the size of many Octave mex files, so this Psychtoolbox should shrink considerably in download size / disk space despite new functionality. Some other big binaries related to the no longer supported Ubuntu 14.04/16.04 LTS were deleted for further space savings.

- Quite many Docs and help text updates.

- Various minor improvements to HDR support on Linux and Windows:
  - SimpleHDRDemo: Hide distracting mouse cursor.
  - ImagingStereoMoviePlayer: Fix text drawing and add basic HDR stereo movie playback support.
  - PerceptualVBLSynctest: Add another way to visually check for dual-display video refresh sync, e.g., for stereo setups.
  - HDRViewer: Fix initial mouse cursor positioning on multi-display HDR setups.

- Performance enhancements to drawing of our startup Welcome Screen. The logo can now also be automatically scaled down when running on low-resolution displays.

### Linux

- Make PsychHID on Linux robust against touchscreens that claim to be keyboards on the MS Surface Pro 6 tablet (ipts touchscreen!). GetKeyboardIndices() will no longer enumerate such touch screens as *dysfunctional* keyboards. PsychHID will reject similar weird devices in the future, even if they don't get filtered out by GetKeyboardIndices() iow. future proofing.

- Have special format handling for Video4Linux2 devices which provide video in MJPEG format.

- Fix rejection of AMD DCN-2 / Navi gpu family gpu's for low-level mmio access.

- Rebuilt the drawtext plugin for 32-Bit ARMv7l architecture, ie. the RaspberryPi, to add so far missing support for underlined text drawing.

- XOrgConfSelector: Recommand CTRL+ALT+F3 instead of CTRL+ALT+F1 in case of display server startup failure, as Ubuntu 20.04-LTS uses the VT1 (F1) for the login manager / lock screen, so VT3 (F3) is a better choice for a text console if troubleshooting is needed.

- XOrgConfCreator: Provide improved setup instructions for 10 bpc / depth 30 deep color support: Update to cover the fact that AMD Navi+, Raven Ridge+ and other 2018+ gpu's with DCN display engine are no longer supported by our low-level MMIO hacks for 10 bpc+ framebuffer precision, but instead the standard xorg.conf depth 30 setup should be used to the same effect with higher performance, just as on Intel and NVidia graphics cards. The low-level hacks could be implemented on more modern gpu's but there isn't any practical need or benefit for that anymore, at least not as of PTB 3.0.17.

- PsychVulkan now supports improved visual stimulus onset timing and timestamping via Vulkan driver native support on suitable drivers. This makes use of the VK_GOOGLE_DISPLAY_TIMING extension when available.

- PsychVulkan can now also optimally work with Intel graphics chips on Linux, as has been tested with a prototype Mesa branch for OpenGL+Vulkan interop. This is not yet available as part of standard Linux distributions, but when they are ready, we are ready! Vulkan is not yet supported in a usable way for us on MS-Windows.

- Add new experimental PsychImaging task for HDR:  ``PsychImaging('AddTask', 'General', 'UseStaticHDRHack');`` enables use of a new hack that only works on Linux with classic X11 X-Display X-Server, not on Linux+Wayland and not on other operating systems. This allows dual-display stereo presentation of HDR-10 stimuli, ie. with stereomode 4 or 5 "Dual display stereo", also single-display or multi-display use of this mode, e.g., for frame-sequential stereo presentation of HDR stimuli, or "display wall" multi-HDR-monitor setups. Normally our HDR display support is currently restricted to one HDR monitor per onscreen window, no multi-monitor HDR stereo setups. This hacks makes this work in a limited fashion, as described in the PsychImaging help.
  - A new SimpleHDRLinuxStereoDemo.m shows stereoscopic HDR stimulus display on a dual-HDR-monitor setup.
  - ImagingStereoMoviePlayer shows stereoscopic HDR movie playback as a new optional playback mode.
  - For performance benchmarking of HDR playback, the option to select this hack was also added to PlayMoviesDemo.

### Windows

- Special case handling for Microsoft Surface tablet's builtin video cameras.

- Support new mfvideosrc "Multimedia Foundation" capture plugin.

- Minor video capture improvement: Use device monitors / device providers.

### macOS

- SetupPsychtoolbox: Handle latest Apple macOS Catalina+ brain-damage. Apples Catalina trainwreck needs special treatment. If Psychtoolbox has been downloaded via a webbrowser as a zip file or tgz file and then extracted, then all binary executable files like .dylib's and .mexmaci64 mex files will have the com.apple.quarantine attribute set to prevent them from working in any meaningfully user fixable way - Thanks Apple! Use the xattr command to remove the quarantine flag.

- Delete memcpuCudaOpenGL for macOS. It's dead since Apple decided to drop support for NVidia gpu's - and thereby CUDA - from their "Most advanced operating system in the world".

- PsychtoolboxPostInstallRounte: Deal with another Apple macOS Catalina SDK screwup: Since we are now building Screen() for macOS against 10.15 Catalina with the Catalina SDK we hit a new bug in Apples low-quality software. Apparently when built against the Catalina SDK, but running on older macOS versions than Catalina, then OpenGL rendering into a hidden window (via Preference ‘WindowShieldingLevel’ -1) is broken and triggers GL_INVALID_FRAMEBUFFER_OPERATION_EXT errors. The same works perfectly fine - as expected and tested before release - on Catalina itself. This caused error abort in the fontconfig cache rebuilt code which opens a hidden onscreen window when run under < Catalina. The bug is known to happen at least on 10.14 Mojave, 10.13 High Sierra, and 10.12 Sierra, so probably going back through all older macOS versions. Work around it by suppressing OpenGL error checking during this OpenWindow sequence, as we do not actually need rendering to work here.
Work time spent to diagnose and workaround this bug which is again like almost all macOS issues fully Apples fault: 5 hours. Thanks Apple!

- Note in help GStreamer that movie playback and high quality text rendering on macOS now also needs GStreamer 1.18 at a minimum, 1.18.2 is recommended.

- Refine reporting of OS support status in Screen() startup and Screen('Computer'): Report everything before Catalina as untested and unsupported. Report everything beyond Catalina, ie. macOS 11+, as not yet tested or supported. As of now, i very rarely and infrequently spot-check stuff on my old 10.13.6 High Sierra system under some Matlab version. Given 10.13's end of life and age of that machine, this won't happen often anymore. Also testing Octave 6.1 on 10.13 is just too painful going forward, now that HomeBrew no longer provides Octave bottles for 10.13 and source build just takes way too long -- like a dozen hours!

---
## [idzan/web-2021](https://github.com/idzan/web-2021)@[cae1207e1a...](https://github.com/idzan/web-2021/commit/cae1207e1a0e815ee45845752e2d8de0513e0cc3)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 22:38:44 by Marko Idzan

Update social_management.svg

one file with dark mode colors, fuck yeah =)

---
## [0hana/C](https://github.com/0hana/C)@[d38deba68c...](https://github.com/0hana/C/commit/d38deba68c5dd03c4abc850636158b2c274dfe50)
#### Saturday 2020-12-19 23:20:21 by 0hana

Fixes syntax from tabs to spaces

Though I think it's a dumb requirement. Fuck you github.

---

# [<](2020-12-18.md) 2020-12-19 [>](2020-12-20.md)

