# [<](2020-06-25.md) 2020-06-26 [>](2020-06-27.md)

2,185,368 events, 1,099,048 push events, 1,792,442 commit messages, 132,723,350 characters


## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[08cef82479...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/08cef82479f35aa48156e941a7e98ae828dd41f9)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 01:02:05 by Venarir

Fourth World Fuck

right vault? more like FUCKING DEAD

anyways this disables fwb right vault. eat my shit.

---
## [zevbo/VirtualRobotMania](https://github.com/zevbo/VirtualRobotMania)@[41a11ccdfd...](https://github.com/zevbo/VirtualRobotMania/commit/41a11ccdfda9efdd69b5456aa10af85026d5093f)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 07:13:25 by zevbo

after a bunch of bullllsshhhhhhitttt (like what sort of type-inference language makes me write out the type at the header, I'm a grown ass man and can make desicions for my own damn self. Also, why the fuck can't I see references outside of functions omgfhjsdfnhdsfhjefwhjfwhjdsfhjfdsdsfhfdh)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d668909162...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d66890916245823627812795b0e489eec5627fb6)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 10:23:19 by Marko Grdinić

"9:15am. I am up. Let me chill just a bit and then I will start. I do not want to dawdle too much here.

9:30am. Let me start.

9:35am. I am thinking. The feedback I am getting right now is good. Definitely.

9:45am. Hrrrmmmm...

Let me talk about the prototype. In the prototype I separated the parsing and the typechecking, but it would be easier to make parsing more like typechecking - one file at the time.

One issue with blocks is that I do not know to do the goto for the typechecker. In the prototype, the supervisor was responsible for that, but it would have been easier if it just reacted to what the parser sent it. No muss, no fuss.

It is true - I decided on that architecture in order to allow parsing and tokenization of files that aren't in the project itself, but that is not that important. It would be better not to waste CPU cycles instead.

The most important feature of editor support is that I give the user feedback as fast as possible. Everything else is secondary to that. Everything else must be subordinate to that.

10:10am. You know what, I am going to give up on the compile in the background feature. It works for F# because its compilation cannot display further errors, but Spiral can. Both the prepass and the partial evaluator will be able to return type errors. So I will have doing actions while the compilation is going on interrupt it.

10:15am. Let me take a little break here.

10:35am. ...

10:45am. Right now I am wracking my brain how to minimize the role of the supervisor.

10:55am. I said I figured out the pipeline, but that is true for just one. I can think of 3 different pipelines...

1) Parsing only - for files that are not in the project.
2) Parsing + typechecking - for project files
3) Parsing + typechecking + prepass - for compilation

I need the ability to switch between them. Plus when the third thing is done, I need the ability to switch to partial evaluation + codegen.

11am. I can't really figure out how to do this neatly using streams.

...Hmmmm, I think I have it.

I thought of this idea in the context of Rx, but I can do it with Hopac as well.

I can take...

```
3) Parsing + typechecking + prepass
```

And turn it into...

```
3) Parsing + delay P + typechecking + delay T + prepass
```

What the two delay nodes would be doing is acting as modulators. They'd have two modes - blocking and forwarding.

In blocking mode the delay node would just buffer the inputs without sending them on.

In the forwarding mode, the delay node would pass all the inputs forward in a synchronous fashion. When switching modes from blocking to forwarding, the node would first forward all the old inputs before doing any receives.

11:10am. Hmmm, come to think of it I am going to need this kind of thing even without switching modes.

```
1) Parsing only - for files that are not in the project.
2) Parsing + typechecking - for project files
```

When moving attention to the previous file in the order, I'd want to switch to parsing only temporarily.

11:15am. But when switching back it would not be enough to just resume - I'd need to replay the past inputs from the start for the typechecker. I guess I'll just have the two delay nodes differ in their switching behavior.

11:25am. Hmmm, maybe I should have the result of a compilation of a file be an MVar.

...What I could do is have the MVar act as a release trigger for the typechecker delay node.

11:35am. The same for the prepass. And I could use MVars like that to start compilation as well.

11:40am. For a bit now, it feels less like regular programming and more like circuit design that I am doing here.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJCEN2-uyjY&list=PLfbK4pt7rdhjsMQQ_E5jVe98cNhlrdcle&index=189
Plutonia Revisited Music - Map 27 - Planned Overload (Good Doom Music #91)

Plutonia Revisited really has excellent music all around.

11:50am. What I am doing this morning is really up to my ideal standard. I might not have written any lines of code, but I've been deeply engrossed in the task at hand.

...No, I am not going to use an MVar as that would make the pipeline async. Rather, I will have the pipeline reset itself. I'll use a channel rather than an MVar. When I write None, that would mean to go into blocking mode, and Some would mean to go into forwarding mode.

12pm. https://ollef.github.io/blog/posts/query-based-compilers.html

I've read this. Let me check out that library he is talking about just for a bit.

12:10pm. I have no idea what to think about this. There is too little in the way of example for that Rock library, and it is all in Haskell to boot.

Yeah, it would be easiest if memoization was the silver bullet for compiler construction, but memoization is poor at responding to changes. It is add-only kind of thing.

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/uploads/prod/2018/03/build-systems-final.pdf
Build Systems à la Carte

12:20pm. I have no choice, I am going to have to look into this.

A central cache that can manage invalidation is interesting, but I do not know how to do it.

As is expected there are all sorts of options here.

Let me take a break here."

---
## [juju/juju](https://github.com/juju/juju)@[fae71ab346...](https://github.com/juju/juju/commit/fae71ab3460e0dfc7cc06b65bdea2bfe77a4cb45)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 10:45:18 by Juju bot

Merge pull request #11762 from SimonRichardson/error-messages

https://github.com/juju/juju/pull/11762

## Description of change

This brings in the new charm and charmrepo changes around error
messages, when reading and parsing bundle files. The charm repo
highlights and identifies each file that went wrong, so the charmer can
see easily how something isn't quite right.

There is one problem and that is the sad reality of the code though, we
now have 3 different error types that we have to negotiate between...

 - std error
 - gopkg.in/errgo
 - github.com/juju/errors

Considering this is in fact a juju project, we should drop the errgo one
and be done with it. The code path itself has to marshal and unmarshal
the errors from std err -> juju/errors -> errgo -> juju/errors and each one has
different semantics. Not to mention we actually lose the stack trace
from the marshalling and unmarshalling, which is a damn shame.

## QA steps

```yaml
# ./tmp/bundle.yaml
series: bionic

applications:
 dummy:
 charm: ../testcharms/charm-repo/bionic/dummy
 num_units: 1
```

Apply this diff to your repo.

```diff
diff --git a/testcharms/charm-repo/bionic/dummy/config.yaml b/testcharms/charm-repo/bionic/dummy/config.yaml
index a164f0a19a..204abf7489 100644
--- a/testcharms/charm-repo/bionic/dummy/config.yaml
+++ b/testcharms/charm-repo/bionic/dummy/config.yaml
@@ -1,5 +1,5 @@
 options:
- title: {default: My Title, description: A descriptive title used for the application., type: string}
+ title: {default: My Title, description: A descriptive title used for the application., type: string}
 outlook: {description: No default outlook., type: string}
 username: {default: admin001, description: The name of the initial account (given admin permissions)., type: string}
 skill-level: {description: A number indicating skill., type: int}
```

#### Test

```sh
juju bootstrap lxd test
juju deploy ./tmp/bundle.yaml
```

#### Expected outcome:

```sh
ERROR cannot deploy bundle: issue parsing "config.yaml" file: yaml: line 2: found character that cannot start any token
```


## Bug reference

https://bugs.launchpad.net/juju/+bug/1871711

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[a6b6c55273...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/a6b6c55273767fc1a0304756b25f225dc3b109bb)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 15:37:47 by Marko Grdinić

"1:40pm. Let chill just for a bit longer and then I will dive into that paper.

2:05pm. Somehow I am really into Beware the Villainess. I guess my tastes are changing for me to enjoy something like that.

Forget that for now. Focus on the build systems paper.

Yeah, after all the thinking I did, I could use Hopac, but I do not get the YES feeling regarding the whole design. I guess I'll take a little detour. Maybe I'll even look at that language.

2:35pm. 10/29. I don't know. Damn it. I thought I was getting a handle on things, but if I can pick up an even better technique from this guy then I should look into this. Thankfully, I haven't gotten rid of the Haskell installation. Given how much of a waste of time the last time was, nobody could have held it against me if I wanted to free up space on my hard drive.

3:30pm. 22/29. Screw this. I am getting nothing out of it.

I am reading this and thinking how I could fit into this general framework and in the end the only thing I am getting are state machines. I just can't seem to escape them. Whenever I ask myself how to do the job most effectively they always bubble up to the top of my mind.

3:35pm. https://github.com/ollef/rock

Let me just look at the example and the source for this for a bit and then I'll take a break.

Hmmm, the library is super small actually.

3:50pm. No forget it. I need a break. I am mentally exhausted from spinning my mind so much. Hopac is very powerful, but it makes it so difficult for me to figure out how to organize the code. Maybe finite state machines are the answer and I just need to get better at them?

4:20pm. I am back, but let me continue the break.

After thinking about it for a while, I give up. There is no point in any further thinking about it. I'll leave the typechecking and the prepass part of the server for when their time comes. I'll use live experience in order to converge to the proper solution. Right now I am just being burried in conflicting designs.

Hopac is complicated, but it is not like I have that much experience using it. Those 4 example that I translated are pretty much the majority of it. I'll get better as I go along.

4:50pm. Wone with that watermelon.

Let me just finish the chapter I am reading and then I will try to fit in something else in the day. Maybe I could manage blockization. Though to be honest, at this point I really do not feel like doing anything else.

4:55pm. Let me do something. If I wanted to, I could fit in another 3h of programming in the day. So let me not give up just yet.

Design problem inertia is something all programmers have to face when entering new fields. I need to overcome them.

There is one issue that has been troubling me, but I'll have to resolve in a hacky manner.

Tokenization - it makes sense to do it before the document is split into blocks, meaning line by line. But if I do that, the comments will get eliminated. So I have to do both in parallel. And that is what I will do.

But let me ignore that thing. I'll just focus on blockization for now.

It will be a hopac job ...

No actually, I really do not feel like doing much more in the day.

Let me just make the function to create a single block and I will call it a day. I will do an actual server tomorrow. After that I'll do tokenization and get to work in combining it with VS Code.

```fs
let block i (x : string []) =
    let init = ResizeArray()
    let body = ResizeArray()
    let rec parse_initial i =
        if i < Array.length x then
            let y = x.[i].TrimStart()
            if y.StartsWith("//") || String.IsNullOrEmpty(y) then init.Add(x)
            else
```

This is too complicated. Now I already have to mess with handling errors. Let me abstract this.

5:25pm.

```
module Spiral.BlockPrototype

open System
open System.Threading
open System.Collections.Generic
open Hopac
open Hopac.Infixes
open Hopac.Extensions
open Config

type E = string * Range
type T =
| Init of Result<string, E []>
| Body of Result<string, E []>

let block parse i (x : string []) =
    let seq_init = ResizeArray()
    let seq_body = ResizeArray()
    let seq_errors = ResizeArray()

    let rec body i =
        if i < Array.length x then
            match parse x.[i] with
            | Init _ -> i
            | Body(Ok x) -> seq_body.Add x; body (i+1)
            | Body(Error l) -> seq_errors.AddRange l; body (i+1)
        else
            i

    let rec initial i =
        if i < Array.length x then
            match parse x.[i] with
            | Init(Ok x) -> seq_init.Add x; initial (i+1)
            | Init(Error l) -> seq_errors.AddRange l; initial (i+1)
            | Body(Ok x) -> seq_body.Add x; body (i+1)
            | Body(Error l) -> seq_errors.AddRange l; body (i+1)
        else
            i

    let i = initial i

    if seq_errors.Count > 0 then Error(seq_errors.ToArray())
    else Ok(i, {|init=seq_init.ToArray(); body=seq_body.ToArray()|})
```

This way of doing things is not bad at all.

5:35pm. Had to take another break.

Definitely, this is how a single block should be parsed. I'll leave out the details of the parse function for the time being.

The next is to turn this into a Hopac server, but yeah, I do not feel like it right now. I am going to deal with this tomorrow and get started on tokenization. When I do that, the very first step will be completed."

---
## [JackBailey/swwmgz_m](https://github.com/JackBailey/swwmgz_m)@[9c4035c25a...](https://github.com/JackBailey/swwmgz_m/commit/9c4035c25af2d893c5b8184f0b93347da125b9fb)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 16:49:17 by func_spiral

Holy shit there's so much more of this than I thought there would be

please god help
why did i decide to translate this
- temporarily copied the base lang files for pl_menu and pl_voice
- started working on pl_base, currently translated up until the quit messages (some are already translated but I'll probably change them later)

---
## [irrealitas/git-test](https://github.com/irrealitas/git-test)@[c68db321ac...](https://github.com/irrealitas/git-test/commit/c68db321ac898a102498ee0bc977a8db03952c37)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 17:31:20 by Irrealitas

Ceci est un titre de roman

Ceci est le contenu du roman.

Mr Leopold Bloom ate with relish the inner organs of beasts and fowls. He liked thick giblet soup, nutty gizzards, a stuffed roast heart, liver slices fried with crustcrumbs, fried hencods’ roes. Most of all he liked grilled mutton kidneys which gave to his palate a fine tang of faintly scented urine.

Kidneys were in his mind as he moved about the kitchen softly, righting her breakfast things on the humpy tray. Gelid light and air were in the kitchen but out of doors gentle summer morning everywhere. Made him feel a bit peckish.

The coals were reddening.

Another slice of bread and butter : three, four : right. She didn’t like her plate full. Right. He turned from the tray, lifted the kettle off the hob and set it sideways on the fire. It sat there, dull and squat, its spout stuck out. Cup of tea soon. Good. Mouth dry. The cat walked stiffly round a leg of the table with tail on high.

— Mkgnao!

— O, there you are, Mr Bloom said, turning from the fire.

The cat mewed in answer and stalked again stiffly round a leg of the table, mewing. Just how she stalks over my writingtable. Prr. Scratch my head. Prr.

Mr Bloom watched curiously, kindly, the lithe black form. Clean to see : the gloss of her sleek hide, the white button under the butt of her tail, the green flashing eyes. He bent down to her, his hands on his knees.

— Milk for the pussens, he said.

— Mrkgnao! the cat cried.

---
## [resynth1943/www.ruby-lang.org](https://github.com/resynth1943/www.ruby-lang.org)@[017581fc95...](https://github.com/resynth1943/www.ruby-lang.org/commit/017581fc95b65d0f6e78ee636b0b10b0189fff30)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 18:06:46 by resynth1943

Change search facility to DuckDuckGo

This commit replaces the Google search box to a DuckDuckGo search box.

I have chosen not to use their search box, but instead I have incorporated
this functionality into the search box that was previously being used.

I have also added short codes to every locale file, as seen in the previous
commit. DuckDuckGo supports localisation, so this should make the search
experience nicer for visitors of the Ruby website.

I am unfamiliar with Google, so this may be a guess, but I have witnessed
that some CSE special codes were missing from the locale files. I can only
guess that these were previously being used for localisation, e.g. choosing
a specific language for the search box.

If so, this should be a massive win for users of this site that are: not fluent
in the English language; do not have a Google account tailored to their language.

Moreover, this change will be a brilliant win for the privacy of the users of
your site. As Google is an advertising company, we can only guess what they do
with the data they collect on millions of users every day.

In my personal opinion, tackling this abhorrent abuse of data should also be
peformed by FOSS projects. Just think: every time someone searches, you've just
saved their online privacy! :D

Theoretically, DuckDuckGo should in fact be more performant than a Google search,
too. I have friends who have just confirmed this, which speaks volumes of
DuckDuckGo as a service.

I can't wait to see what happens!

---
## [MBartl/aggremoji](https://github.com/MBartl/aggremoji)@[88720ea5b2...](https://github.com/MBartl/aggremoji/commit/88720ea5b202dfec79ddfb5ed0ac4f08abf24503)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 18:14:34 by Matt Bartl

That right there is the test. Now let’s talk about the test. Can we talk about the test, please, Mac? I’ve been dying to talk about the test with you all day, OK? “Pepe Silvia,” this name keeps coming up over and over again… Every day Pepe’s tests are getting sent back to me. Pepe Silvia! Pepe Silvia! I look in the test, and every one of these failing specs is Pepe Silvia! So I say to myself, “I gotta find this guy! I gotta go up to his office and put the passing test in the guy’s goddamn hands! Otherwise, he’s never going to get it and his tests are going to keep coming back down here and failing.” So I go up to Pepe’s office and what do I find out, Mac? What do I find out?! There is no Pepe Silvia. The test does not exist, okay? So I decide, “Oh shit, buddy, I gotta dig a little deeper.” There’s no Pepe Silvia? You gotta be kidding me! I got boxes full of Pepe! All right. So I start marchin’ my way down to Carol in HR and I knock on her door and I say, “Carol! Carol! I gotta talk to you about Pepe.” And when I open the door what do I find? There’s not a single goddamn desk in that office! There. is. no. Carol in HR. Mac, half the employees in this building have been made up! This office is a goddamn ghost town

---
## [JaronArmiger/steven](https://github.com/JaronArmiger/steven)@[36ddd7ad61...](https://github.com/JaronArmiger/steven/commit/36ddd7ad61632b02f9ba8978f7f4755b53ee2091)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 19:29:46 by JaronArmiger

this shit is so fucked up. We'll just have to set shit up better on the next app

---
## [salc1-org/salbot](https://github.com/salc1-org/salbot)@[938ce9197c...](https://github.com/salc1-org/salbot/commit/938ce9197c4fc7772cedf3e084d88ec6ca3aef4e)
#### Friday 2020-06-26 22:25:18 by vcokltfre

Merge pull request #105 from salc1-org/master

fix: change frequency of fuck you maze

---

# [<](2020-06-25.md) 2020-06-26 [>](2020-06-27.md)

