# [<](2020-07-05.md) 2020-07-06 [>](2020-07-07.md)

2,418,740 events, 1,170,648 push events, 1,898,455 commit messages, 143,571,153 characters


## [schroffl/zig-vst](https://github.com/schroffl/zig-vst)@[0c4005d806...](https://github.com/schroffl/zig-vst/commit/0c4005d806827920f1338893ce5285b5d5d1424f)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 00:00:41 by schroffl

Add src/build_util.zig

This file contains helpers for building a VST.  For example, on macOS a
.vst bundle is automatically generated with a proper Info.plist and
PkgInfo file.

---

Future Outlook

I'm currently using Ableton Live to test the generated VST.  However,
this is huge pain in the ass, because Ableton appears to cache plugins.
This means that I have to restart it for every simple change, which
takes some time and is especially annoying in the early stages of this
library. All other acceptable VST hosts I tried on macOS have the same
issue. Maybe it's related to the .vst CFBundleVersion? Hm...

Anyways: I love the idea of implementing a separate build step that
executes your VST and handles MIDI I/O and Audio Output on all major
platforms. Basically, a simple VST host that could simply be launched by
`zig build run-vst` or whatever. Even though this isn't of great use
when you test something along the lines of DAW-interop, I still think
that it would be a big quality-of-life improvement.
Especially with music it is important to have a quick feedback loop, in
my opinion. You want to be able to immediately listen to changes.

---
## [EverestAPI/Everest](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest)@[4d128c51bd...](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest/commit/4d128c51bd86456453e1fb669f3bcc8cda1c049a)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 00:01:45 by Maik Macho

Hey gitlost, fuck you. It was just some Discord drama. Sorry .-.

---
## [EverestAPI/Everest](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest)@[d8beee3ffd...](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest/commit/d8beee3ffd602948f162615b3430fc95658ba865)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 00:10:18 by Maik Macho

Sorry for the typo in my prev shitty msg btw. All is fine, just some fucking drama. Ignore pls.

---
## [EverestAPI/Everest](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest)@[f83e701a60...](https://github.com/EverestAPI/Everest/commit/f83e701a60d8280f1d85384a6032cd935bdb7445)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 00:35:54 by Maik Macho

Fuck you past me for swearing. All is fine, t\was just shitty drama, sorry.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[ccfd09ca76...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/ccfd09ca7693122109dcd0756831f74bd2c5896c)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 03:38:11 by petrero

223. Building Reducers(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

In the last section we put together our actions index not just file.

It's all done now so I'm going to close that thing up.

And then inside of my reducers directory I'm going to create a new file called as you might guess index.

Yes like so so inside of here we're going to write out both of our reducers that we need and then we're

going to eventually export them from this file so that they can be used somewhere else inside of our

project.

Now we're going to have our two reducers first saw one that is going to return a static list of songs

and then the second one that is going to allow our user to select a very specific song once they click

on the select button so we'll first put together our static list of songs reducer.

So back inside of my code editor I'm going to say Konst songs reducer and then I'll assign this an arrow

function like so so as I mentioned this is going to have a static list of songs it's a static array

so there will be no arguments.

We need to worry about here we don't need to look at any actions because we never expect to change it

in any way shape or form.

As I mentioned a little bit ago it's really overkill to put this list of songs into introducer but I

just want to show you how we could really completely redux ify so to speak and application.

So from this producer I'm going to return an array of objects where every object represents a different

song.

Well you will say that every song has a title property.

So maybe I'll give this first song a title like I don't know what songs are there.

Even these days.

Let's let's look at really quick.

About 90s songs.

Ok got Backstreet Boys.

Oh this is awful.

Ok whatever.

No Scrubs in Macarena.

That's what we're doing.

So no scrubs on.

I'll give this thing a duration of four minutes five seconds and then I'll put on another song here

I'll do the Macarena for the duration of I don't know two minutes and 30 seconds and we'll do two more

really quickly.

This is awful.

OK.

All star with a duration of three minutes 15 seconds.

And then one more write Backstreet Boys I guess I want it that way.

I don't really but whatever.

And I'll give it a duration of one minute forty five seconds.

All right.

So that's it.

That is our song data right there does it my guess.

Totally fixed totally static totally randomized more or less with fixed durations.

Now the only reason I made these durations strings was just to expect or express a duration easily with

like our minutes Colin.

And then the second.

All right.

So there's our songs producer.

So now we're going to work on the more interesting reducer the reducer for selecting a specific song.

So now we're going to have to really think about how to put this one together.

All flip back over and underneath the existing reducer.

I'll put my next one and I'll say Let's call this what do we have a selected song reducer.

This is going to be called with a first argument of the currently selected song.

And so I'm going to refer to that as selected song or defaulted to be no to indicate that when our application

first starts up we are not going to have any selected song it's just nil.

And then as a second argument will be our action object so we're going to look at that action object.

We're going to inspect its type if its type is song selected.

Then we're going to return.

It's Paillard property because remember our select song action over here has a payload of the song that

the user is trying to select.

So I'm going to say if action not type equals and remember that will be our one action type song underscore

selected.

And if that is the case then I'm going to return.

Action Daut payload.

And if that's not the case then I will return whatever are currently selected song is now one thing

I want to mention here is that as we have written out this producer we only have one action creator

inside of our application right now but we've still written out an if statement assuming that we might

have other actions at some point in the future.

So technically for our current app we don't really need this if statement because we're only ever going

to see actions of type songs selected.

However just to be kind of hygenic and make sure that if we ever expand our application in the future

with additional actions and additional types we're not going to somehow ruin our code here and break

our selected song we're douceur.

All right.

So that's it for these to reduce hours we have to put together.

Now let's take a quick pause right here when we continue in the next section we're going to wire these

things up together with that combine reducers call that we had seen previously and then we'll start

to wire up the provider inside of our application.

So quick break and I'll see you in just a minute.

---
## [foxotic/foxy-bunny](https://github.com/foxotic/foxy-bunny)@[a9480756f1...](https://github.com/foxotic/foxy-bunny/commit/a9480756f126c58db9adf2b06674efd95d18c5d5)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 05:01:37 by foxotic

More Bullshit FIXED

Some fuckin crap yeah yeah I didn't double check my caps. SHh

---
## [technomalia/technomalia.github.io](https://github.com/technomalia/technomalia.github.io)@[caebfdf07f...](https://github.com/technomalia/technomalia.github.io/commit/caebfdf07f060a9c76d07104ba8b73e544fd42fd)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 08:04:44 by Jason Barber

Appended to README.md

Added a bitch about Dreamweaver shitting itself completely.

---
## [Shruti3004/Codechef](https://github.com/Shruti3004/Codechef)@[b0415082bb...](https://github.com/Shruti3004/Codechef/commit/b0415082bb5cfbb73cc3a94b699d2c449930bc19)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 08:43:32 by SHRUTI AGARWAL

Chef and String

There are N students standing in a row and numbered 1 through N from left to right. You are given a string S with length N, where for each valid i, the i-th character of S is 'x' if the i-th student is a girl or 'y' if this student is a boy. Students standing next to each other in the row are friends.
The students are asked to form pairs for a dance competition. Each pair must consist of a boy and a girl. Two students can only form a pair if they are friends. Each student can only be part of at most one pair. What is the maximum number of pairs that can be formed?

---
## [NoelKirkland/super-galactic-age-calculator](https://github.com/NoelKirkland/super-galactic-age-calculator)@[822c715c4a...](https://github.com/NoelKirkland/super-galactic-age-calculator/commit/822c715c4a67145b30b0b02f5e199730660fbc97)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 09:23:08 by Noel Kirkland

create new describe block but running into a weird bug off the bat. The only variable I changed is the gender from male to female. The Life expectancy should increase but for some reason it is decreasing

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[138998792a...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/138998792a5fad4583fc924d4da604fe97d589d2)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

233. App Overview and Goals(Section 18: Async Actions with Redux Thunk)

I'll write my friends in this video we're going to start working on our next application to get a better

idea of how redux works.

We're going to first by talking about the application we're going to build and some of the objectives

inside of it and really highlight what we're going to try to understand inside the redux world.

So let's get to it now.

First off a little bit of a disclaimer here.

I feel compelled to tell you this the application we're going to be building is going to be a little

bit plain and it's going to remind you of some of the very simple applications we worked on back when

we were talking about re-act earlier on inside this course but this application is going to be very

plain for a very good reason.

We are going to be talking about some pretty complex things and complex topics in the redux world.

I'll be completely honest with you.

I actually already recorded this video and the next like about 70 or so building a completely different

application.

So I already recorded like one version of this application and the apple is really complicated and I

can even show you proof.

You know here's all the videos when the initial version of this out that I put together and the app

that it showed was really complicated.

And at the end of the day even though the app was more interesting it ended up being really really challenging

to understand what is going on.

So the purpose of this app is to teach you more about redux and having a neat application is really

kind of like a side concern.

We're really not concerned with making a super awesome app just yet because we're still in this learning

mode of sorts.

Remember right now as far as difficulty curve around redux goes for still at this upper plateau right

here and we need to get over to this kind of big dip as soon as we possibly can.

So this is going to be the last like kind of boring application.

And then I promise you we're going to look at some really interesting apps.

OK.

So enough of that what are we going to build.

And what's our goals here.

So the big goals for this application we need to really understand the purpose of reducers.

We've already taken a look at a couple of reducers I gave you an analogy of how they work and we put

together some code for one or two.

But in this application I want you to get a crystal clear understanding of the purpose of reducers and

exactly how they work internally.

We're going to eventually take a look at some of the redux source code so that you can understand a

behind the scenes exactly what a producer is doing.

Next up we're going to get total understanding on how we make API requests with redux.

So we're going to reach to some outside API get some data and return it back into our redux application

and then somehow work with it in some fashion.

And then finally we're going to start to understand the purpose of middleware inside of redux specifically

a middleware called redux.

Thunk we haven't spoken about middleware at all just yet.

That's going to be a big new topic.

All right so that's our big goals.

So now with all that buildup Let me show you this application.

So yeah this is it.

Like I said pretty straightforward.

We're going to essentially be rendering a list of blog posts on the screen that we're going to fetch

from some outside API.

So we're going to have a series of elements here.

Each one is going to show the title of a blog post the body of the blog posts like actual content and

then underneath that we'll put some author's name and then on the left hand side over here is going

to be just a simple icon not a picture just a simple icon.

So yeah.

Like I said the application itself is very boring but our goals here are to really understand redux.

And once we get this really great understanding then we're going to focus on building the cool apps.

All right.

So thinking about this application I think that we only need two distinct components to really put this

together.

We're going to make a component called the post list which is going to render the entire list of blog

posts and then very interestingly this is going to be kind of a nonstandard thing that we do we're going

to render it the author's name right here like that single little div with some text inside of it from

a component that we're going to call the user Hetter.

Now the reason we're going to split that off into a separate component is going to be a lot more obvious

once we start to take a look at how we fetch data from an outside API and make use of it inside of application.

So for right now we'll just say yeah we're going to kind of have this interesting component set up.

But the reason that we're splitting out that single little head or two a separate component is going

to be obvious in just a little bit.

All right so now the next thing I want to show you very quickly is where we are going to fetch this

data from.

Remember we're going to get this list of blog post to show on the screen from some outside API.

So we're going to be putting together our application.

We're going to use axially to make a request over to a free public service called the Jaison placeholder

API.

JS some placeholder API is not terribly unlike that faker module that we worked with much earlier in

the course.

It essentially just has a bunch of fake data that we can freely request to and get access to and load

up into our application very commonly used any time that you just need some stand in source of information

to kind of demonstrate how making API requests work.

Let's very quickly take a look at some of the documentation around that API so we can go to Jason placeholder

type code dot com.

I'm going to take that link.

Open up a new tab and head on over to it.

All right.

So this is the J someplace holder API.

We can take a look a little bit down here and find a section called resources.

So these are six different end points so we can make requests to get back a ton of fake data.

But once that we are going to care about is the posts and point right here and the user's end point

right here.

So if I click on those in a new tab it'll open up a whole bunch of Jaison like you see right here.

Now notice on my screen this is all formatted nice and pretty.

It is because I have a Chrome extension that automatically formats Jason data on the screen.

So when I take a look at this list of posts right here you'll see that every post object has a title

has a body.

The post itself has an ID and then it also has a reference to the user who created the post as well.

So in this case user with ID one created this blog post this blog post this blog post and like basically

the first 10 or so on here and then eventually it flips on over to blog post created by user ID number

two.

So if we want to figure out who each of those users are we would have to make a second request over

to this users and point and click on users open it up in a new tab.

And now this will show me a list of different users that can be returned from this API.

So here's a user with ID 1.

So in that case its Leon Graham.

And again this is a fake person.

So Leon Graham is the person who created this blog post this one this one and so on.

And then as you might imagine we can go down here a little bit more and see who created blog post number

or see me the author with ID number two.

That is the person who created all of these blog posts down here the ones with user id of to to do and

so on.

So this source of data is going to be pretty straight forward.

The only complication here is that essentially theres two separate endpoints that we're going to have

to make requests to to get all the information that we need to show this list of blog posts on the screen.

We're going to first have to make a request to just get the list of blog posts on the left to make a

follow up request to get each individual author's name to show on there.

But we'll get the details on that on just a little bit.

Right now let's flip back over to our terminal and we're going to generate a new project and we'll start

working on it in the next video.

All right so you'll notice that I've already changed back to my workspace directory of sorts right here.

So inside this folder I'm going to create re-act app and we're going to call this application about

now up business.

Originally I'd kind of wanted this to be like a business thing application but instead it's really a

list of blog posts.

So let's just call it blog like so.

All right.

So that's going to fetch a couple of dependencies for us.

Let's take a pause right here.

When we come back the next section we're going to start working on our application.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[17614d5bf8...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/17614d5bf879a7332e7e84c70dcde9ad644cc127)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

229. Redux is Not Magic! (Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

In the last video I made a big deal around the fact that we imported our action creator right here and

then passed off the action creator to the connect function at the bottom as opposed to just directly

calling the action creator inside of our component.

So in this video I want to tell you a little bit more about exactly why that is happening.

All right so here's the important thing to understand this right here.

I want you to read this very carefully and remember it for every application that you ever put together

with redux redux is not magic redux does not somehow automatically detect any time that you call an

action creator.

It does not automatically detect any time that a function inside your application returns an object

that is called an action.

Now what do I mean by this.

Well if we go back over to our actions index such as file you'll remember that this contains our action

creator.

Now you and I are referring to this function as an action creator but there's nothing about this function

right here that somehow automatically wires itself into redux.

There's nothing inside this function that somehow registers the function it's redux.

There's nothing to say that anytime that I call this function like so in return that action that redux

has and to somehow magically detect that and take the action and threw it off to all those reducers

and update our state that does not happen at any step.

So with that in mind when we are inside of our songless component and we import the select song action

creator right here we're not so much importing action creator as we are importing a regular plain old

javascript function.

So if we call select song inside iffier we absolutely can we can call select song all day inside of

our component as many times as you want but this is going to be treated as a normal javascript function

call.

We're going to call the function.

It's going to return an object and that's it.

The object that gets returned from all these function calls right.

You're never somehow magically gets forwarded over to redux redux doesn't detect that we called a function

that you and I are arbitrarily calling a action creator that does not occur.

If we ever want to make sure that an action eventually makes it way its way over to our reducers we

have to call that dispatch function we have to take the action that gets returned and we have to pass

it into the dispatch function.

Now we saw an example of that back on the code Penn. example that we went through.

So here's that code Penn. example.

Notice how every single time that we dispatched an action we called our action creator that returned

an action object.

And then that was automatically passed or directly passed.

I should say into the store dispatch function if we had not passed the result of calling those action

creators after the dispatch function if we had instead simply called say create policy with Alex like

so and then maybe create a claim for Alex and then maybe he deleted the policy for Alex like so none

of these function calls right here are going to update our read book store they return actions.

Yes but those actions never got sent into redux and they never ended up inside of a reducers.

And so if I look at my counsel log over here of my final get state call you'll notice that I have no

policy no claims and no change in my default amount of money.

So if we ever want to make sure that an action Creator actually updates our states we have to take the

action that gets returned and send it into that dispatch function.

Now of course you do not actually see any reference to dispatch inside of our component.

There's no reference to dispatch inside of here.

So what's really going on.

Well essentially when we pass our action creators right here into the connect function the connect function

does a special operation on the functions inside of this object.

It looks at all the functions include inside this object and it essentially wraps them up in a nother

javascript function when we call the new javascript function the connect function is going to automatically

color action creator.

It's going to automatically take the action that gets returned and it's going to automatically call

the where is it.

Here we go the dispatch function for us so bypassing our action creator into that connect function whenever

we call the prompt start action creator or the X creator that gets added to our prop's object the connect

function is going to automatically take the action that gets returned and throw it into the dispatch

function for us.

So all that is happening behind the scenes and you don't really have to think about it when you are

making use of the connect function.

So that's where we passed our action creator off to the connect function as opposed to just directly

calling it from inside of our component.

So any time that you ever want to call a action creator from a component you are always going to pass

it into this connect function as opposed to just arbitrarily calling it as you had to import it inside

if you're like so not going to do this all right.

That's pretty much it.

Hopefully that makes a little bit more sense.

Now we're going to see this pattern of redux not being magic in many other locations.

At every step along the way I want to recall that redux is not magic and it's not going to just kind

of help you along your way.

You have to actually do a lot of wiring up and that's actually one of the chief complaints around the

library a lot of people say that whenever you write redux code it involves a lot of boilerplate because

you have to kind of write all these functions and then manually hook them all all together as opposed

to other state management libraries that are a little bit more magic and a little bit more automatic.

So it's kind of up to you whether you prefer the magic or actually understanding what's going on.

Again totally up to you.

OK so now that we understand what's going on there.

Last thing I want to do inside the map state to prop's Yeah we understand that we are updating our state

every time that we click on that button.

So I don't think we need that console log anymore.

So I'm going to clean up like so.

All right.

So let's take a quick pause right here.

When we come back the next section now that we know that we are able to successfully select a song we're

going to start working on our last component the song detail.

So quick break and I'll see you in just a moment.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[ffd4bf20d9...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/ffd4bf20d96c03513ff404f56583892bc342e553)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

224. Wiring Up the Provider(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

Unless sexual input are to reducers together inside of our reducers index file I'm now going to import

the redux library into this file and wire up these reducers to each other that combine reducers function.

So at the very top I'll do import really braces combine reducers Ramah redux.

Notice this is an example of a named export.

So I'm making use of the curly braces here.

Now I'm sure you might be curious how do we know when to use the curly braces and when not to.

If we are importing code from some other library the only answer I have for you is that you need to

look at the documentation for that library when you are importing code from your own files.

You will always know by looking at the file contents if you are doing a named X for it or a default

export and thus whether to include or not include the curly braces.

So anytime you're making use of some outside library you have to look at the documentation and be told

whether or not you need those curly braces.

So now at the bottom of the file I'm going to make use of that combine reducers function.

I'll say combine reducers I'll pass it an object and remember the keys of this object are going to be

the keys that show up inside of our state object.

So I'm going to assign a key of songs to this thing and that's going to get my songs reducer.

I'll say songs.

And then I'm also going to give it a selected song key and that's going to get my selected song reducer.

Salek did a song reduce her like so.

And then finally I'm going to do an export default in front of that thing.

So now any other file and some my project can get access to our combined set of reducers.

All right so believe it or not that is pretty much it for the strictly redux side of things.

We've got our reducers put together and we've got our action creator singular put together.

So from here on out it's really just react and react redux.

That's it.

That's the only code we have to write from this point on.

So I'm going to close down all the files I currently have open and then I'm going to open up the index

such as file inside of my sarcy directory.

Remember this is the one where we had imported the app component and then tried to show it on the screen.

So we're now going to add a little bit more configuration to this thing than what's currently in here.

Our goal is to make sure that we get that provider tag at the very top of our component hierarchy and

we need to make sure that we also pass it a reference to our redux store that gets all of our reducers

loaded up into it.

So back inside if you're going to import a couple of different files.

First off I'm going to import a provider components from re-act redux like so.

So this right here.

Yup that's the provider we've been talking about.

This is technically a component right here to say component that is made up by the re-act redux library.

Notice how this is also a named export and that I named it with a capital P because it is a component

and by convention we'd label component variable names as capitals.

Next up I'm going to also import the create store function rom redux.

This is the same function that you saw a little bit ago over on that code Penn. example we had passed

create store our set of reducers and returned back to us.

A redux store that contained all of our users and all of our applications data were state.

And then finally underneath my app I'm going to import might reducers from the reducers directory like

so.

Now here's a great example of this how we've got two named experts right here and then everything else

inside the file are unnamed or default.

So no curly braces required.

So again don't just kind of add in willy nilly curly braces sometimes and not curly braces other times.

Really think about what you are trying to import.

Now the other thing I want to mention here is you will notice that I grouped together all of my imports

from outside third party dependencies and then I also grouped together all of my own code underneath

it.

I don't really need the space here.

Sometimes you'll see people put a space in.

I do sometimes I do so I don't sometimes it doesn't really make a big difference.

OK.

Now the last thing I'd do is create an instance of the provider and wrap it.

Our app component with it.

So to do so I'm going to do myself a little bit of space here.

And then I'm going to wrap the app with a provider and I'm going to fix up that comma.

Make sure it's at the end of provider like so that's better.

And then I'm going to pass the provider component a single prop called store.

The store is going to be the result of calling create store and passing in our reducers.

So a call create store and I'll pass in our reducers like so.

So back on our Copen example you and I got a reference to the object that was created by create store

and then we played around with it a little bit.

But when we make use of the re-act redux library we don't usually mess around with the store directly.

Instead we pass it off to this provider and the provider essentially takes care of everything from there.

So in a typical redux application you're actually very rarely going to interact directly with the store

outside of some more advanced cases that we'll see later on.

OK.

So that's it.

We've now wired up our provider and now any component inside of our component hierarchy can implement

this or make use of this connecting right here.

And remember the purpose of the connect component is to somehow communicate with the provider that we

just put together and thus communicate with all the data inside of our store.

So let's take a pause right here.

When we come back the next section we're going to continue working on the redux side of our application

by putting together our song list component to a quick break and I'll see you in just a minute.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[67bbe2a32a...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/67bbe2a32a11bdfe84fdf78d0513a573aa65b9a1)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

228.3 Calling Action Creators from Components(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

Well I want to point out something kind of interesting.

Notice how we imported the action created right here and then rather than just directly calling it inside

of our component like rather than just saying hey let's call select song.

You notice that we went through all this extra work of passing it to the connect function instead.

So you might be all that curious why we went through that extra work of passing it to connect as opposed

to just directly calling it inside of our component.

So we're going to investigate exactly why that is in just a moment.

But before we do I want to make sure that we can call the action creator from within our component and

actually select a song.

So let's make the app work first and then I'll tell you a lot more about exactly what is going on with

the connect function right here and why we are passing it this object with a action creator inside of

it.

OK.

So to make sure that we correctly call the action Creator I'm going to find my button inside of render

list I'm going to get myself a little bit more space on that tag.

Like so.

And then on the button elements I'm going to pass in a on click event handler.

So anytime that someone calls this I want to run a function that's going to call this prop's select

song and I'm going to pass in the current song that we are iterating over.

All right.

So let's save this and we're going to test it out really quickly.

So I'll flip back over.

I'll make sure that I refresh.

And now if I click on select Well it appears that basically nothing really happens.

So I remember right now we might be successfully updating our state object or the state inside of our

redux store but we don't really have any indication of that whatsoever right now.

In order to see our changing state one thing we could do very easily is go down to our map state to

prop's function.

Remember this function right here gets called with all the data inside of a redux store.

Anytime that we change our redux States or any time that we rerun our reducers and produce some new

state object the map state props map states the function is going to rerun with the newly created state

object.

So in other words every time that we click on that select button this function should rerun and it's

going to be called with the new state object a second time or a third time or a fourth time.

So we could add a console log inside of here and council log out the entire state.

Then anytime that we click on a button we should see a new console log and we should see the new selected

song printed up inside that state object.

So I'm going to flip back over.

You'll notice that right away I already see a console log here.

So this is all of our state inside of the store.

We have our list of songs and we have our default selected song of M..

If I now click on the select button I'm going to see another console log and I see that I correctly

have a selected song with a title and a duration.

In this case the title is no scrubs.

Ah these song titles these are the worst songs.

All right if I do Mark arena I can select that one.

And now I see a title like arena and if I want to do some Backstreet Boys here I can look at selected

song and see the title of I Want It That Way.

OK.

So it looks like our application is definitely working.

Any time we click on a button we are updating the state inside our store.

But remember I had mentioned that it's kind of interesting that we are choosing to import the action

creator right here and then pass it off to our Connector function as opposed to just directly calling

the action creator whenever this button right here gets clicked.

So let's take a quick pause right here.

When we come back the next section we're going to have a quick discussion to help you understand exactly

why we are doing that.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[abd34c3cae...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/abd34c3cae4a2fcd2d0d2946b14eb3a7a581d1b9)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

226.1. Configuring Connect with MapStateToProps(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

In less sexually defined a connect function inside of our song list component.

So remember this connecting right here even though it doesn't really look like it is actually a re-act

component.

It's a reaction upon it that we're going to pass some configuration to.

We're going to specifically tell this connecting that we want to get a list of songs out of our redux

store from the provider.

So anytime that our list of songs and side of our store changes that provider is going to automatically

notify our connect function right here and the connect function is then going to pass our list of songs

down to our song list component.

So let's now figure out how we can configure this connect function or connect component and tell it

that we want to get some specific data out of our redux store.

All right so to do so we're going to come back over here and I'm going to define a function right above

our export default statement.

Now by convention this is Convention we normally call this function the map state to prop's function

so now this can be an arrow function.

It could be a function keyword.

You will see it defined both ways map state to prop's.

So this is a very crazy little function name.

But if you really kind of read it it will eventually start to make a little bit more sense.

This is saying that we're going to take our state object essentially all of the data that's inside of

our redux store and we're going to run some calculation on it or some computation that's going to cause

that data to eventually show up as props inside of our component.

So that's the meaning of map state to process this function does not have to be called Map state to

prop's we could just as easily call it get my states like so we can call it anything we want but by

convention you're usually going to see this defined as something called Map state to prop's this map

state to prop's function is going to be called with all of the state inside of a redux store.

So that state right there is essentially going to be our entire list of songs from the song list reducer

and are currently selected songs from the selected song reduce her state right here.

All of that data inside of a redux store if we were still working on that insurance application the

state object right here would contain our accounts and our policies and our claims history properties

as well.

So then right now let's try just cons. logging that thing out.

I mean to say console log States and then after that I'm going to say return state just to make sure

that everything works just fine.

Now after defining that function and then going to take it and pass it as the first argument to this

connector function down here.

So that's how we can figure this connect component.

I've said several times oh yeah we need to configure connect in some way and tell it how to get some

data from provider.

We can figure it by passing it a function it's going to pass that as the first function to connect that

state to props.

Now again I want to remind you we can call this anything we want to call it so we could call it get

my state if we want to.

Nothing special about calling it map state to prop's.

All right so let's save this.

We're going to run it and see what happens.

All right so I can flip back over and you'll immediately notice that we've got our state object printed

out right here.

We've got selected Saag that has all the data that was returned from our selected song reducer which

by default was no.

And then we've got these songs Saray as well that has those four song objects that we had to.

So now we essentially want to pull off just this song's property and make sure that it somehow gets

into our song list component.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[f55a78e061...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/f55a78e06179c0f3f4b7d4934706965bd8a5c655)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

237. How to Fetch Data in a Redux App 238. Wiring Up an Action Creator(Section 18: Async Actions with Redux Thunk)

In the last video we finished doing a little bit of initial setup on our application.

So now we're going to do a little bit of a pivot here and we're going to start to focus on how we load

up data into our app a series of steps that I'm about to show you are going to be repeated many times.

Just about every single time that you ever once you load up some data into a redux application from

some outside API almost always it's going to be the exact same flow.

So the first time that we go over this flow I'm going to show you a really big flow diagram right here

to tell you exactly what's going to happen step by step.

But then as we go through this process in the future we'll kind of have a good understanding of what's

going on and we won't have to talk quite so much about how we load up data.

OK.

So let's get to it.

We're going to go through this thing step by step.

So the first thing that happens is we are going to render some component onto the screen such as our

post list component right here or post that component needs to get a list of posts from that Jay sun

API in order to show itself correctly.

So because of that we are going to define a component.

Did mt life cycle method on our component class.

That is why we created a class based component.

We wanted to make sure that we had access to lifecycle methods inside of the component did MT lifecycle

method were going to place an action creator.

So anytime that our post list component initially shows up on the screen that action creator is going

to be automatically called the action creator that you and I are going to put together is going to have

some code inside of it that is going to use X-post to make an API request over to the Jaison API.

After we make that request the API API is going to eventually respond with some amount of data.

In this case its going to be the list of blog posts that we looked at just a moment ago.

Right.

Here's our list of blog post right here.

Everyone has a title and a body property.

Once we get back that data our action creator is then going to do what an action creator is always supposed

to do it's going to return in action and the action object is going to have our fetched data on the

payload property.

So we're going to return our action from an action creator the dispatch method is going to dispatch

that action and send it off to all the different reducers inside of our app.

So then we're going to have some very specially configured reducer that is going to be watching for

an action of that type whatever we give this particular action the type of maybe you'll be something

like we just Fessor posts or you know some descriptive action type like that.

So some reducers going to see the action and it's going to pull off just the data from that payload

property.

Remember any time that our reducers run they're going to return some values.

Those values are going to form up a new state object inside of a redux store and some are reducers run

and produce a new state object.

We're going to take that state and it's going to be sent off to the Riak side of our application.

And so redux and re-act redux essentially are going to cause the re-act side of our apt to be rendered.

But now this time round inside of our state object we're going to have that list of posts.

And so we're going to make sure that we use something like the map state to prop's function that we

had looked at previously to get the list appose out at the global state object and into our post list

component.

OK.

So that's the entire flow with me talking very quickly about each little step inside there.

Now we're going to see this entire flow in action as we start to code it up and you're going to see

the exact same flow occur again and again any time that you are doing some type of API request inside

of a rebox application.

Now before we move on I want to point out a couple of interesting notes around each of these little

steps inside of your.

All right.

So for these first couple of steps remember we had said that we are going to put in action creator into

a component's component.

Did mt life cycle method.

This is an extremely common practice in general.

We're going to make sure that components themselves are responsible for fetching data that they need

to get by calling some action creator usually from a lifecycle method like component did mount.

There are some other places in which we will call an action creator to fetch some data but that involves

some other libraries that we have not yet made use of.

By far the most common place you're going to be initiating a data fetch requests from will be the component

did mt life cycle method now.

Down here we had a couple of steps around our action creator making requests out to that API.

So in general we're going to usually make sure that action creators are responsible for making our API

requests.

Now in some cases we might put together some external class or some type of external service or something

like that that is going to do the actual API request for us.

But in general it's going to be up to the actual creator to initiate the data fetching process.

Now you'll recall that a couple of videos ago we installed a dependency called redux thunk redux thunk

is going to come into play during this step right here.

Essentially when we call an action creator we haven't yet discussed what redux thunk is.

I just wanted you to know where we're going to eventually see exactly what redux thunk is and why we're

using it inside this project.

Nonetheless the one you mention is that whenever we fetch some data and we want to get it into a component

we're always going to make use of that map state to prop's function to get some data out of our store

and get it down into our component.

So the exact same process that we saw previously in the last application when we wanted to get the currently

selected song into a particular component we're always going to use that same approach for getting data

out of our redux store and into a rock component.

We will always make use of that connect function and the map state to prop's function as well.

Okay so now that we've got a better idea of what's going on here let's take a quick pause.

When we come back in the next section we're going to make sure that we wire up that connect function

from re-act redux to our Posterous component and then make sure that we have an action creator that

we can call to go out to that API and eventually get our data in return.

So quick pause right here and we'll continue in the next section.

238. Wiring Up an Action Creator

In the last video we had a discussion around how we're going to fetch data inside of a redux app.

So now that we have a better idea of what's going on let's flip back over to our code editor and we're

going to start putting all this stuff together.

All right so going to first begin by creating a new folder inside my sarcy directory called actions

and inside of that directory I'm going to make a new file called index Scace us.

So eventually inside of here we're going to put our action creators.

Right now let's just put together kind of like a stub of an action creator just to kind of have something

that we could import back over to our posts list and make sure that we call it any time that our component

is mounted on the screen or gets rendered to the screen.

So inside if you're going to say export Konst that posts

right now I'll just return a action with a type of something like batch posts like so that'll do for

right now.

Now let's make sure that we can wire this up to our component and call it any time that our component

is rendered on the screen.

So going to change back over to my post list component to wire our action creator up to this thing we

have to import the connect function from reactor redux.

And we also have to import that fetch posts action creator that we just made and excuse me the import

path right here is going to be dot dot slash actions like the Senao done you're an export default.

We can put together our connect function.

Now remember we do not have a map state to prop's function right now.

We will eventually but at present there is no state or no data that we want to get into this component.

Nonetheless we still have to pass in a first argument to the connect function.

The first argument is always going to be Mount St. to prop's But in this case because we do not have

a map state to prop's function I'm going to just pass in no to indicate that we don't have any state

that we want to get into this component.

So now I can pass in my action Creator as the second argument.

So I'll say Fetch posts is fetch posts and remember we can use a little bit of yes 20:15 syntax to shorten

this up to just fetch posts like so.

All right so now inside of our component we can define the component.

Did mt life cycle method Saray above render all say component.

Did mount an inside there.

I will call this stop Propst start fetch posts.

Ok so now the instant our component is rendered on the screen we should be calling our action creator

so our action creator fecche post will be called at present it's going to return in action with type

fecche posts and that's pretty much it for right now.

Now if we felt like over we can test this out just very quickly and just make sure we don't have any

error messages or anything like that.

OK so looks like we're just fine here.

Now take another quick pause.

When we come back the next section we're going to wire up our request over to that J some placeholder

API inside of our action creator.

So quick pause and I'll see you in just a minute.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[48c8552d8c...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/48c8552d8c8f5f4e4ec2dc9d7da2b0c8a5d81ac8)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

225. The Connect Function(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

In the last section we created our redux store and then passed it off to the provider.

So now any component inside of an application can somehow get access to that redux store through the

provider Tech.

Let's say start to work on the re-act side of our application by creating a song list component and

then hooking it up to our app component.

So inside of my components directory I'm going to make a new file called Song list.

Yes.

And then inside of here I'll put together some pretty basic markup I'll say import re-act from re-act

and then I'll create a class based component in here.

So I'll say last song list extends re-act components.

Now by the way since we've now seen exactly how that named export thing works this you know there's

an alternate way that we can write out re-act component right here if we wanted to we could directly

import the component base class from the re-act library like so.

So we have both a default export and a named export on a single line.

Now right next to extents we can write out simply component instead of re-act component.

Now both ways are completely appropriate to define a component.

There's not one way that is better than another in any way shape or form.

So whichever way you like more personally you will see each of them just about 50 percent in the while

like 50 percent of blog posts are going to show one way 50 percent are going to show another way.

So it's really up to you which way that which way you define your base class right here are superclass

I guess.

Now inside of song list I want you to find my render method.

And right now I'll just return a div that says song list and then after that I'll say export default

song list.

Let's now wire the thing up to our app component and then we'll start thinking about how we're going

to implement this connect component as well.

So I'm going to change back over to my apt just file at the top I will import song list from song list.

And then I'll show that inside this things render method well put song list inside there and I'm going

to turn it into a multi line GSX expression.

Don't forget to clean up the semi-colon after that div right there make sure delete that thing.

All right so that's it.

I'm going to make sure I save both files and I should be able to flip back on to my application and

see song list appear on the screen.

Right now it's just kind of set our sights a little bit low.

Let's say that we want to get our list of songs into the song list and just cancel log them.

That's all I want to do for right now.

So in order to do so we need to create an instance of this Kinect component right here and we need to

pass it some configuration that gets it to reach back up to the provider and tell it that it wants to

get the list of all the songs inside of our app so we're going to write out some code here that you're

going to write out a billion times.

Like just all the time you're going to write out the same stuff over and over again.

This connect component thing is going to be defined directly inside of our song list component file

because only the song list needs to create this connect function that reaches up and gets that list

of songs.

So at the top of the file I'm going to import connect from apps from re-act dash redux.

And notice here that connect is lowercase.

It is not capitalized it is lowercase to create a instance of the connect component.

We're going to use some kind of strange looking syntax.

OK.

This is very strange looking syntax but bear with me.

I'll tell you exactly how it works.

So I'm going to go down to my export default down here and right in front of song list I'm going to

say connect I'm going to place a set of parentheses and then I'm going to put a second set of parentheses

around a song list like so.

Now this might look like really weird syntax to you but trust me it is completely valid.

Javascript code is to prove that to you.

I'm going to save this file and then we're going to flip back over to our application and you're going

to see that we still see our song list component on the screen.

So before we try to configure this connect thing and get it to tell the provider that we want our list

of songs I want to very quickly tell you about the syntax that you see right here by showing you a quick

written example.

So I going to flip on over to that little code editor over here.

Remember you can get here by going to Stephen Grider dot dot IO slash J.S. playgrounds or you know actually

we can go to slash playgrounds like so simpler.

OK.

So we're going to write out a function that essentially is going to end up with the same signature as

what you see right here.

So I'm going to define a function that I'll call a connect and then inside if you're going to return

a function and whenever that thing gets called I'm just going to return a value of there like so.

So we've got a function that returns a function.

Now whenever I call that original function connects I don't immediately see anything out over here.

But if I now add on a second set of parentheses I see that text.

Hi there.

So what is the connect function doing in the re-act redux library doing.

Well all it's doing is returning a function and when we call the function that gets returned we put

on the second set of princes right after.

So connect right here the first set returns a function.

The second set invokes the function that got returned.

That's it completely valid Javascript code.

So we understand that this is a valid javascript.

Let's take another quick pause right here.

When we come back the next section we're going to start to configure this connect function call so quick

puzzle I'll see you in just a minute.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[6a448c3ed2...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/6a448c3ed29524b63f61c664db2320c435b1353c)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

235.2. Tricking Redux with Dummy Reducers(Section 18: Async Actions with Redux Thunk)

So as a little work around there's a tiny little trick that we can do here.

I would barely even call it a trick.

Inside the combined reducers call I can put in some dummy key like some dummy variable you can be total

jibberish like that if I want to it can be literally the word dummy or even something like replace me.

And then we can assign a dummy key an arrow function that is always going to return some fixed value.

Like maybe the number 10 or the number 9 9 9 or the string.

Hi there.

There's no purpose to this thing right here.

It's just tricking redux into thinking that it has a valid reducer.

That's it.

And the only reason we're doing this is to get that error message to go away.

Like I said anytime you start up a redux project you're probably going to want to do something like

this very briefly until you get a really good idea of how to structure your reducers in what reducers

you're going to need.

So now that I've got the dummy producer inside of here I can flip back over the error message has gone

away.

So now we are free to work on all the different other aspects of our application such as enhancing some

Riak components or maybe creating some action creators or whatever it might be.

And we don't have to worry about the fact that redux is just refusing to play ball.

So now we've kind of got some leverage here and we could start working on anything that we want now

to be honest Republican to start working on the reducers first but hey that's just life.

I just want to show you this little thing that you can do to get that your message to go away.

All right let's take another quick pause right here and we'll continue in the next section.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[d28802be46...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/d28802be46818bdd23037851e16bd3f655d291bc)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

231.2. Conditional Rendering(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

Well remember when we first render out our component on the screen we do not yet have a selected song.

And in fact the selected song Piece of state inside of a redux store starts off as no.

So we're trying to read the property title on a value of NULL to fix this.

All we have to do is add in a little check inside of our component.

I'm going to say if song does not yet exist or if it's a null value.

So notice the exclamation right there.

Then I want to return something that tells the user that they need to select something in order to actually

see some content appear on the screen.

So I'll say something like select a song like so now if I flip back over the air goes away and I see

select a song.

And so now my user knows that they need to actually click on something and then we can show out the

actual title of that song.

And I can select another one and see all the different titles appear cool.

All right so now we're going to improve the styling of this component just a little bit.

So I going to turn this into a multi line GSX expression as we've done many times before.

Don't forget to clean up the semi-colon on the end of that line.

And then I'll give myself a little bit of space here.

All right so on the Stiv I'm going to put on a class name of actually you know class name here.

I take that back.

We don't need a custom here we're going to put that class name somewhere else.

So at the top I'll put in H three and all say details for.

And then after that I'll put a simple P-TECH and I'll say title I'll put my song title in there like

so and then how about right after that we'll put

our duration and I'll do a song that duration.

All right so it looks pretty good.

Let's try flipping back over and see how we're doing.

Yes.

And now by default I select a song if I click on select it says details for and it's kind of scrunching

up the title and duration together so I can either wrap these in separate tax or get put in a simple

break line like so now they should render on separate lines.

There we go.

So I've got my title and my duration right after it and I could select all these different songs and

see details about the appropriate song appear on the screen.

All right.

This looks pretty great.

So that's pretty much it for how we integrate react in redux together.

The big lesson here is that we're still going to create our components as we usually do.

We're going to then select some very specific components inside of our application that need to receive

some information or need to make changes to our state if we need to make changes to our state or receive

information.

We're going to import that connect helper and then at the bottom of the file we can define a map state

to prop's function will then pass that function as the first argument after connect and it'll put on

this kind of weird syntax here where we put the song detail or the actual component that we care about

as a second function call next to the connect call.

Now in total I would say that this application was of course pretty simple and basic.

So let's take a pause here.

We're going to do an exercise or two in the next video and then after that we're going to very quickly

start to work on some much more complicated redux applications.

So quick break and I'll see you in just a minute.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[a8353c474b...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/a8353c474b5b5babedecea1e38b6f35635413263)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

227.1 Building a List with Redux Data(Section 17: Integrating React with Redux)

In the last video we were able to successfully console log out some data inside of a real component.

The special thing about this data is that it was sourced from our redux store.

So we got some information from our retail store by defining that map stage props function and then

passing it to the connect function down here.

Now that we've got our list of songs inside of our song component we can start to focus on building

a list of elements out of them.

So this is going to be just like every other list that we've built so far.

We're going to map over our this prop's songs array member that contains the list of song objects and

for every song inside there we're going to return some GSX that's going to represent that song on our

list.

Now as a quick reminder at the end of the day we want something that looks like this.

So we should see the song title.

And then a select button right next to it.

We're not going to worry about implementing any functionality around the like button just yet.

We're just going to get this GSX to appear on the screen and then we'll start to worry about wiring

up that slick button after that.

So let's get to it back instead of my song list component.

I'm going to clean up that console log inside the render method and then going to add in a new helper

method to the song list component I'll say render list.

So the goal of this method right here is to just take our list of songs map over them and return a big

blob of GSX So inside of your I'm going to say return this prop's songs.

Matt and then I'm going to pass the mapping function a function that's going to be called with each

song object inside of that array and then inside of here we're going to return some amount of GSX that

uses some properties out of that song object.

Very quickly I want to mention make sure you've got the two return key words inside of render list the

return statement.

This one right here is returning some amount of GSX for the mapping function.

The map statement overall is going to produce a brand new array of GSX elements and after we produce

that array we want to return the array from the Wunderlist method.

So that's why we have to return keywords here in a row.

All right.

So inside of here we're going to build out a list of elements.

Now we've already used semantic UI quite a bit to build that list.

So I'm not going to reference the semantic UI documentation.

If you want to you could pull up the semantic UI docs and understand where I'm pulling all these different

class names from.

But I'm going to kind of throw the class names on here.

Remember these are just class names that are pulled from semantic UI to get Arliss to look pretty reasonable.

All right.

So inside if you're going to place a div with the class aim of item and I'm also going to give it a

key.

Remember a key is not necessarily required but very highly recommended.

Anytime that you are building out a list of elements.

So for my key we don't have an ID and side of these song objects.

Remember each song object only has a title and a duration.

So in this case I'm just going to use the title as the key because it's sufficiently unique for each

song that we're trying to render.

So I'll say key of song dot title and then I'll close off that div.

Then inside of here we're going to first place our button.

Now I know it's kind of strange to write out the GSX for the button first but this just comes down to

kind of how these semantic UI library renders out less.

You'll see that it actually ends up looking really nice at the end of the day.

So I would put down a div here with the class name of rights floated content's the keyword or the class

name floated right there is what gets this div and everything inside of it to appear to the right hand

side of each list item.

Then inside that div I'm going to put a button with a class name of UI button primary and I'll give

it some text of select.

So

then outside of that div with the classroom of right floated content so as a sibling to it I'm going

to put another div with the class name of content.

And it's going to have the actual song title like so.

OK so that's it for our render list method.

Now remember we don't have anything happening when a user clicks on that button just yet.

So we're going to come back to this thing in just a little bit and make sure that we wire up an event

handler to this button so we know that whenever a user clicks on select.

And before we test this out we need to make sure that we actually call the render list method from our

render method.

So here's the render method at the bottom of the file or the bottom of the class.

I'm going to replace song list inside there with the code to render list.

And now I'll save this and we'll flip back over and see how we're doing.

All right so.

Well looks like it's not quite perfect just yet.

We're going to add in a little bit more elements and a couple of different class names here and there.

Inside of both this file in our app component as well to get the list to appear a little bit better

than it currently does.

So first off sudden my render method I'm going to find my div and I'm going to add a class name to it

of UI divided.

List

and I'll save that and we'll test it out again.

All right.

That looks way more reasonable than it did before but now it appears that the entire list is stretching

from the left hand side to the right hand side.

---
## [petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy)@[290bbd7120...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/modern-react-udemy/commit/290bbd7120de81479d6b975fb561b9d2c11244da)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 10:44:59 by petrero

236. A Touch More Setup(Section 18: Async Actions with Redux Thunk)

In this video we're going to continue doing a little bit of low level set up on our project in particular.

We're going to start putting together our post list component once we've got this component put together

and shown inside the app will then start to call an action creator to go off and fetch the data we care

about and will start talking about some interesting data fetch stuff around redux.

All right so let's get to it.

I can cite my editor.

I'm going to find the components directory and inside there I'm going to create a new file called the

post list G-S file.

Then inside of your I'm going to import re-act from react and I would make this a class based component.

You'll see why in just a moment.

So the find my render method I will return a div with a text post list and then at the bottom I'll do

an export default lowest list like so next step I'm going to take my post lists and import it into the

app and show it inside the component.

So inside the app I will import post list from Host List and then finally I'll replace the text right

there with the post list I'm going to make this a multi-line GSX expression.

So parentheses and closing parentheses.

And don't forget to clean up that trailing semicolon at the end.

All right so let's test this out really quickly.

I flip back over to the application.

I see pulseless on the screen.

All right.

Lesing I want to do as a little bit of setup is to wire up the semantic UI library or the CSSA library.

One more time to remember to open up a new tab will search Google for semantic UI Cdn or find the Cdn

link or search for semantic men CSSA on this page.

There it is right there saw a copy of that link and then as usual we'll open up our public index.

H.M. file right underneath the MedTech I'll put a link in here with a rel style sheet and an H.F. of

that link will close a tag off on the far right hand side.

All right.

So if I flip back over everything should look pretty nice.

I see the new font appear on the screen.

OK.

So let's pause right here.

When we come back the next section we're going to start talking about the different methodologies that

we're going to use to eventually fetch some data inside of redux.

So we'll see you in just a minute.

---
## [elastic/beats](https://github.com/elastic/beats)@[096344e3f1...](https://github.com/elastic/beats/commit/096344e3f1ac837eec9c6229bdb5e44740a1342d)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 13:16:11 by Joost De Cock

Use include/exclude instead of whitelist/blacklist (#19325)

While looking up some config info for winlogbeat, I came across this *whitelist/blacklist* section.

I submit this PR because black lives matter, racism is evil, and we should all help out to make the world a tiny bit better for our brothers and sisters of color 

---
## [mhucka/devonthink-hacks](https://github.com/mhucka/devonthink-hacks)@[40af43d41b...](https://github.com/mhucka/devonthink-hacks/commit/40af43d41b5c4f19dcdf6c629b46ead512ddffcc)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 16:40:02 by Michael Hucka

Try to improve behavior on Twitter

In an effort to improve captures of tweets, I added awful hacks like
scrolling to the top *twice*. Sometimes Twitter with in particular,
attempting to go back to the top doesn't, and ends up in some random
location.  Trying to go back to the top a second time actually seems
to help, as stupid as that seems.

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[9fe19e3de6...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/9fe19e3de681f34637009ab4857df1d47455a286)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 17:33:28 by Neslon-Poggers

federales shiti forgot to push

- fixed mossberg policia punk
- added cap popping to bronco federale his weighting is fucked up please fix
- replaced office ninjas on breakfast in tijuana with punks on low difficulty

---
## [BasadoStudios/Project-1-Mario](https://github.com/BasadoStudios/Project-1-Mario)@[abb6362d2c...](https://github.com/BasadoStudios/Project-1-Mario/commit/abb6362d2ce8bdb249e4e9ed85de50d51f434ad0)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 17:45:45 by jayvgravy

fuck animations holy shit omfg i actually hate naimaotjaeogamn'epogn'waeog

---
## [zeta96/L_check_msm-4.9](https://github.com/zeta96/L_check_msm-4.9)@[a069b11e29...](https://github.com/zeta96/L_check_msm-4.9/commit/a069b11e29bdd591523a62541ca8c35c12a59ce7)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 20:14:15 by zeta96

power: Introduce Quick Charge v1.0

First of all, I would like to thank Varun Chitre for Developing a Great Fast-Charge Driver i.e., ThunderCharge for Tomato(+) Devices. Before this Driver, the Charging Time of Tomato(+) Devices was very long, sometimes even exceeding 2 and a Half-Hours! However, with the Introduction of ThunderCharge, this Slow-Charging issue was Solved. So, Thank You Varun Chitre for your Wonderful Contribution.

Now, in ThunderCharge, I observed a Potential to Achieve even More Efficiency while Charging. In my opinion, ThunderCharge suffers from the following Problems---
1. A Constant Current (mA) is Forced at all the Times of Charging without any Attention to Battery Status.
2. The above Method, I think, proves Quite Dangerous if Higher Values of Current (mA) are used because the Current (mA) remains Constant throughout the Charge-Cycle.
3. All of this creates a rigidness in the Driver and thus, Higher Values of Current (mA) are rarely used because of Probable Damage to Hardware.
4. Since all the Tomato(+) Devices suffer from Over-Heating issues, Forcing a Constant Current (mA) at all the Times of Charging may Prove Very Dangerous.

To Fix these issues, I decided to Alter the Mechanism of ThunderCharge Current Control Driver. As you all know, Qualcomm's Quick-Charge Technology Charges the Phones Quite Fast. In order to achieve this, the Battery is first Charged upto a certain % with the Max. Supported Current (mA), then the Value of Current (mA) is Dropped Gradually as the Battery nears 100%. As per the Explaination of this Technology, this is done to Avoid Damage to the Battery and Keep the Temperatures in Check. Apparently, Charging the Battery at a Constant High Current (mA) when the Battery is about to get Fully Charged, is very Dangerous and Degrades the Battery-Life quickly.

On the Basis of such Information and Technique, I have Altered the Working of ThunderCharge and turned this into a New Driver called Quick Charge v1.0. Moreover, I have Removed most of the sysFS Controls too as they are no longer Required.

Explaination of the Working of Quick Charge v1.0, developed by Shoaib Anwar a.k.a. Shoaib0597---
Battery (%)				Current (mA)
0-60					1500 (Max. Supported as per DTB)
61-90					1250
91-100					1000 (Standard Output)

Notes---
-This is NOT the Original Quick Charge v1.0 Technology from Qualcomm. I have just used the Name because the Working/Mechanism is Similar.
-The Stock Hardware doesn't supports Qualcomm's Quick Charge v1.0 Technology.
-Thus, the Charging Speed won't be as Fast as Qualcomm's Quick Charge v1.0.
-However, the Charging Speed will be the Fastest Possible on the Stock Hardware.
-In other words, this Driver is an Improved Version of ThunderCharge and Offers the Best Possible Experience and Efficiency.

Signed-off-by: Shoaib0597 <Shoaib0595@gmail.com>

---
## [ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website](https://github.com/ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website)@[a2844af6b9...](https://github.com/ChrisMathews393/Midnight393-Website/commit/a2844af6b9b44f3dbcb064163e6f5b9093746a03)
#### Monday 2020-07-06 22:12:02 by ChrisMathews393

fuck my ass typos are dumb

fixed the stupid fucking typo sorry I'm not perfect

---

# [<](2020-07-05.md) 2020-07-06 [>](2020-07-07.md)

