# [<](2020-10-27.md) 2020-10-28 [>](2020-10-29.md)

207,746 events, 112,149 push events, 173,578 commit messages, 13,157,534 characters


## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[aa98b063f0...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/aa98b063f03b4bd39bcc2d44b0e4eb7c44f97fb5)
#### Wednesday 2020-10-28 22:03:05 by quietly-turning

detangle TargetScore,Pacemaker,ActionOnTargetMiss

In August, I met Monique and we twirled circles arm-in-arm during
outside time until the nurses scolded us, barely able to contain their
own smiles. In September, I met a person younger than me with a heroin
addiction who explained that she was howling in the group room because
that's what wolves do and I wondered what would happen to her two
children. In November, I roomed with a pedophile hiding from the
authorities and his nightly confessions to me in that dark room we
shared still echo in my mind.

In December, I watched a young man be wheeled back to the group room
post-ECT every other morning. They'd ask him how he was feeling, and
he'd struggle to control his trembling jaw long enough to get the word
"good" out. "Do you think the ECT is helping?" they would ask, but he
never responded. I imagine I experienced a similar disconnect when I
started ECT sessions the following month.

Why is it that the things we have so much trouble saying out loud still
find ways to make themselves known?

I met Mary in June.

Mary had tried to end her life by taking a razor to her arms and
allowing her body to bleed out in her bathtub. She did not lose enough
blood to die, only enough to significantly weaken her body. Unable to
climb out after realizing she was likely going to live, Mary lay in a
bathtub of her blood for nearly 24 hours until her husband got back on
Sunday night, found her, and rushed her to the hospital.

Prior to taking the razor to the arteries in her arms, however, she'd
also cut up her feet, her calves, her thighs, her stomach, her chest,
and her face.

The hospital stitched and bandaged her arms, but the rest of her
lacerations were too small and shallow to bother with. Still, many were
enough to constantly reopen and bleed through motion. Quietly plodding
from her bedroom to the group room, she left a trail of blood on the dim
linoleum.

At the time, I'd wondered why she would do this. Why would you go out of
your way to disfigure yourself?

Should you have to continue living, visible scars can sometimes say what
words can't, like please keep a safe distance; you don't want to catch
whatever I have.

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[72c04b6503...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/72c04b6503842b29ef96590bb82091010c3c04ed)
#### Wednesday 2020-10-28 22:03:05 by quietly-turning

fix Eval Pane2 arrow spacing for dance solo

She seemed painfully sober. I observed quietly from my seat a few rows
back.

Her stable gait and shoulder propped up the visibly shaky lurch of her
painfully drunk friend as they slowly climbed into the midnight R-Route
taking us off-campus. She helped her sit down and asked if she thought
she'd be able to make it home?

Her friend groaned insensibly, head in hands.

They couldn't have appeared more different. She was dressed for the 20F
chill, bundled in a long coat and scarf. Her friend was dressed for a
night of clubbing, more skin exposed than covered. "Do you think you'll
be able to make it home?" she asked again. Her friend, slumped in the
seat, suddenly lurched forward, heaving, and she grabbed the nearby
waste bin for her just in time.

"That's disgusting," the bus driver growled. "No one wants to see that."

"I'm sorry, sir," she quivered, keeping her eyes on her still-vomiting
friend. "I'm just trying to get my friend home safely for the night."

"You're not sorry, otherwise you wouldn't have let her do that."

"I'm sorry, sir." she repeated, still focused intently on her friend. I
tried to not stare, to focus my attention out the window, but I felt
strongly drawn their interactions. It seemed as though some unit of
humanity was unfolding before me.

How did they know each other? I wasn't used to seeing pairs on buses so
unequally intoxicated. Everything about them seemed so wildly different.
Maybe it was only the one's altered state.

And I knew, very suddenly, that I was watching my own friends take care
of me, watch over me, carry me through my sadness.

For a moment I understood both their struggles, wants, frustrations, and
raw tenderness from my seat, a few rows back.

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[f54137c508...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/f54137c50811ccffcd77dd0f9b808da1abb64a93)
#### Wednesday 2020-10-28 22:03:05 by quietly-turning

clarify inline comments

What am I doing with my life? Why does everything hurt so much? Why
can't I act on any single idea I have? Am I lost to rumination forever?
I could help people; I could switch jobs; I could move to a different
city; I could find new hobbies; I could go on dates; I could find new
friends;  why is my life this empty, numb loop? Why do I keep going?
When will the sea be still? Is it even possible? Can I do anything
without fucking it up? Am I even capable of social interaction any
longer? Excuse me, sir, will you walk with me to the bus stop?

The bus stop?

Yes, the bus stop by Starbucks.

The bus stop by Starbucks?

I've been trying to rely less on garbage cans, but I still have trouble
stepping off the curb.

I. Yes. That's no problem. Let's go to the bus stop that's this way.

Thank you. Are you coming from work?

Not really. I'm walking to Rite Aid to buy cookies.

That's good. We're going the same way. You can go there after we get to
Starbucks. Starbucks is just there, a little bit further, then you can
get your cookie.

Mhm. Where are you off to today?

Squirrel Hill.

That's a nice town. I like Squirrel Hill. There are lots of good
restaurants where you can get food with friends.

I like it, too. It sure is good we were going the same way today. Most
people walk right by me. They can't hear because they have earphones.

Oh, I do that a lot too.

It's good you didn't today.

---
## [quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5)@[6aa0cdc6ad...](https://github.com/quietly-turning/Simply-Love-SM5/commit/6aa0cdc6ad084f5f7bb4e5678e30d0643e03b592)
#### Wednesday 2020-10-28 22:03:05 by quietly-turning

more consistent NPSGraphAtTop width

I woke up even earlier than usual. I'd wanted enough time to empty out
my backpack and replace the loose leaf paper, 0.5mm mechanical pencils,
and paperback novels with a water bottle, my wallet, and different
paperback novels. It was the first Monday of my 8th grade summer
vacation, and there was an excitement and sense of potential to the
months that stretched out in front of me.

I set out on my bicycle a few minutes before 8am. I'd biked to town
previous summers with neighborhood kids, but this was my first time
going by myself, and so early in the morning. The path that took me
across someone's back yard, through forest, across the train tracks, and
down the final embankment felt more alive than ever. Every push on my
pedals was focused on getting me out of the suburbs to State Street
where local businesses flourished. The sun was still rising and the day
beckoned.

I made it to Tudor Books for their 9am open and explored the shelves for
anything and everything that looked interesting. Maybe A Brief History
of Time? Ever since I'd read about the relativity of simultaneity and
considered light traveling across a moving train car I was intrigued and
confused and curious to learn more.

Or maybe this intricately annotated Hamlet? I knew it was the one that
featured Ophelia, whom I'd seen lifeless and drowned among the flowers
on posters in Spencer Gifts. Romeo and Juliet had been riveting and I
was eager to experience such strong emotions and beautiful words again.

After ninety minutes, I used some of my saved allowance to buy The
Chosen (it seemed like something I could finish in one sitting) and a
glass of chocolate milk (it seemed delicious).

It was so exciting to think that I'd chosen these things myself and
could spend an entire day with them. They weren't assigned or handed
out; they were things I wanted to pursue and now could. I knew that this
was my first taste of what adulthood would be: the freedom to explore
things of my own choosing.

I curled up in a big leather chair in a quiet corner and spent the rest
of the day reading.

---

# [<](2020-10-27.md) 2020-10-28 [>](2020-10-29.md)

