# [<](2020-12-14.md) 2020-12-15 [>](2020-12-16.md)

3,067,478 events, 1,483,855 push events, 2,405,090 commit messages, 199,024,492 characters


## [elastic/beats](https://github.com/elastic/beats)@[b34574a789...](https://github.com/elastic/beats/commit/b34574a78990391bab0b0e2c79b183a25faf23a2)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 04:08:37 by Andrew Kroh

Use include/exclude instead of whitelist/blacklist (#19325) (#23132)

While looking up some config info for winlogbeat, I came across this *whitelist/blacklist* section.

I submit this PR because black lives matter, racism is evil, and we should all help out to make the world a tiny bit better for our brothers and sisters of color ✊🏾

(cherry picked from commit 096344e3f1ac837eec9c6229bdb5e44740a1342d)

Co-authored-by: Joost De Cock <joost@decock.org>

---
## [KeinR/Danzun](https://github.com/KeinR/Danzun)@[a9e8672a0e...](https://github.com/KeinR/Danzun/commit/a9e8672a0e12f00ecaedef8bb6872d055084c2e1)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 06:46:32 by Orion Musselman

Fixed a REALLY STUPID BUG\nLIKE WHAT THE FUCK KIND OF SHIT IS THAT\nI am very salty over how much time I wasted on that...\nOh well, it works no ig, and REALLY WELL to! \nDamn,  SOL is a fucking lifesaver

---
## [roll-wg/roll-unaware-leaves](https://github.com/roll-wg/roll-unaware-leaves)@[b10caf5cf6...](https://github.com/roll-wg/roll-unaware-leaves/commit/b10caf5cf6fa183337368ce3863d885808603ecd)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 07:40:32 by Pascal Thubert

RE: [Gen-art] Genart last call review of   draft-ietf-roll-unaware-leaves-24

Many Thanks Elwynd:

>
> s6.3, next to last para. s8 and s 12.2:  In view of the statement in s6.3:
> The RPL Root MUST set the 'E' flag to 1 for all rejection and unknown status
> codes. The status codes in the 1-10 range [RFC8505] are all considered
> rejections. I think that IANA should be requested to add a column to the EARO
> status codes registry being modified by s12.2 to add a column that identifies a
> status code as a rejection or otherwise.   Some words in s8 may be appropriate.

Well that would require normative text on the 6LoWPAN part. I guess we can do that at the next iteration of a 6LoWPAN ND specification.
For now what we specify is that from the RPL perspective the listed codes denote a failure such that the RPL operation that wraps it cannot happen and that's enough for us.

ED>  While I understand that it would be polite to involve 6LoWPAN, WGs don't 'own' RFCs and their associated IANA registries.  Since this draft 'needs' the extra information I personally wouldn't see a problem in asking for the extra column. It doesn't break anythng 6LoWPAN are doing AFAICS. Anyway that's not my call...  ask your AD.
PT> I posted a separate thread on this one.

> s7:  Given that [EFFICIENT-NPDAO] is still a draft,  I think this section should be
> synchronized with the  draft so that we don't end up with one or the other new
> RFC updating an RFC that doesn't yet exist.

Yes, this was a discussion with Alvaro as well during his AD review and what you see is the outcome.
In particular, this is one reason why [EFFICIENT-NPDAO] is referenced normatively.

ED>  Hmm.  Maybe the rest of the IESG will have something to say about this.
PT> Maybe I misunderstand what you mean by synchronize. Would you report the change in NPDAO?
PT> trouble is that spec is virtually RFC, stuck in MISSREF in cluster C 310, in particular by this doc.

>
> Abstract:  Expand RPL on first use (currently done in s1.) Expand ND.

Done it (relunctantly) for ND. RPL has been used as a noun by people of the art for a long while now. Expending it would turn the abstract in a book.

ED>  I know, I know.  But it isn't in the RDC Editor's list of well-jnown abbreviations.  Sorry!

PT> It’s hard to recognized RPL in its full expansion. I tricked the text to avoid the acronym.
“
   This specification updates RFC6550, RFC6775, and RFC8505, to provide
   routing services to IPv6 Nodes that implement RFC6775, RFC8505, and
   their extensions therein, but do not support RFC6550.

“

> s9.2.3, item 1:  This would be a useful point to mention that the Target IPv6
> address is marked by the F Flag being 1.

Actually it is not. It is set to 0 per the previous section. But the Prefix Length is 128 indicating a host address (not that of the advertiser though, thus the 'F' flag set to 0).

ED> I'll take your word for that!  The point I was trying to make was that given you have introduced the F Flag,  I think it would be highly desirable to explicitly highlight the point where an implementation would expect to set an F flag as well as places where it isn't set.  I thought there would be an opportunity somewhere in s9.2.1.
  PT> You’re correct, we define the flag here because we change the Target Option but this spec is not the one that really needs it. It was an opportunistic insertion. This information is useful to test the path back when we advertise a prefix. It gives the root an address to ping within the advertised prefix. For Host routes, it’s only an indicator that the node is advertising self vs. another party, which in the case of this spec, is redundant with the ‘External’ flag.

Take care,

Pascal

_______________________________________________
Gen-art mailing list
Gen-art@ietf.org
https://www.ietf.org/mailman/listinfo/gen-art

---
## [Wasymir/SDD](https://github.com/Wasymir/SDD)@[bd3aaab732...](https://github.com/Wasymir/SDD/commit/bd3aaab732e593b7926655edbaa18776c6bd9459)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 08:27:23 by Mik015

Spooky, scary skeletons

Send shivers down your spine
Shrieking skulls will shock your soul
Seal your doom tonight
Spooky, scary skeletons
Speak with such a screech
You'll shake and shudder in surprise
When you hear these zombies shriek
We're sorry skeletons, you're so misunderstood
You only want to socialize, but I don't think we should
'Cause spooky, scary skeletons
Shout startling, shrilly screams
They'll sneak from their sarcophagus
And just won't leave you be
Spirits supernatural are shy what's all the fuss?
But bags of bones seem so unsafe, it's semi-serious
Spooky, scary skeletons
Are silly all the same
They'll smile and scrabble slowly by
And drive you so insane
Sticks and stones will break your bones
They seldom let you snooze
Spooky, scary skeletons
Will wake you with a boo!

---
## [ondrejbudai/osbuild-composer](https://github.com/ondrejbudai/osbuild-composer)@[c4be65cf8c...](https://github.com/ondrejbudai/osbuild-composer/commit/c4be65cf8cc58a1c341771ac441732fad76f8793)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 11:49:27 by Ondřej Budai

distro/rhel84: use a random uuid for XFS partition

Imagine this situation: You have a RHEL system booted from an image produced
by osbuild-composer. On this system, you want to use osbuild-composer to
create another image of RHEL.

However, there's currently something funny with partitions:

All RHEL images built by osbuild-composer contain a root xfs partition. The
interesting bit is that they all share the same xfs partition UUID. This might
sound like a good thing for reproducibility but it has a quirk.

The issue appears when osbuild runs the qemu assembler: it needs to mount all
partitions of the future image to copy the OS tree into it.

Imagine that osbuild-composer is running on a system booted from an imaged
produced by osbuild-composer. This means that its root xfs partition has this
uuid:

efe8afea-c0a8-45dc-8e6e-499279f6fa5d

When osbuild-composer builds an image on this system, it runs osbuild that
runs the qemu assembler at some point. As I said previously, it will mount
all partitions of the future image. That means that it will also try to
mount the root xfs partition with this uuid:

efe8afea-c0a8-45dc-8e6e-499279f6fa5d

Do you remember this one? Yeah, it's the same one as before. However, the xfs
kernel driver doesn't like that. It contains a global table[1] of all xfs
partitions that forbids to mount 2 xfs partitions with the same uuid.

I mean... uuids are meant to be unique, right?

This commit changes the way we build RHEL 8.4 images: Each one now has a
unique uuid. It's now literally a unique universally unique identifier. haha

[1]: https://github.com/torvalds/linux/blob/a349e4c659609fd20e4beea89e5c4a4038e33a95/fs/xfs/xfs_mount.c#L51

---
## [JJawesomeJJ/jjawesome-3d](https://github.com/JJawesomeJJ/jjawesome-3d)@[52ab905011...](https://github.com/JJawesomeJJ/jjawesome-3d/commit/52ab905011a65319e42132c89065b045e51ede21)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 13:35:46 by zhaolijie

-water----normal life --
--single life how long will continue
--No mater how sadness of the life remember you are petty unique boy
--fight young man the futher may be darkness but don't be fear,remember the beauty will always wait for you in the some which is not far away --2020-12-15

---
## [SabujM/Projects](https://github.com/SabujM/Projects)@[e7bffa1a8e...](https://github.com/SabujM/Projects/commit/e7bffa1a8eeac3978fe149fbeeaa8c57feb7ef06)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 13:58:24 by Sabuj Mandal

Add files via upload

Context
I was looking for an unused and interesting dataset to improve my data science skills on when my professor mentioned the Sloan Digital Sky Survey which offers public data of space observations. As I found the data to be super insightful I want to share the data.

Content
The data consists of 10,000 observations of space taken by the SDSS. Every observation is described by 17 feature columns and 1 class column which identifies it to be either a star, galaxy or quasar.



Dataset available



https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dsrscientist/dataset1/master/Skyserver.csv



Feature Description
The table results from a query which joins two tables (actuaclly views): "PhotoObj" which contains photometric data and "SpecObj" which contains spectral data.

To ease your start with the data you can read the feature descriptions below:

View "PhotoObj"
objid = Object Identifier
ra = J2000 Right Ascension (r-band)
dec = J2000 Declination (r-band)
Right ascension (abbreviated RA) is the angular distance measured eastward along the celestial equator from the Sun at the March equinox to the hour circle of the point above the earth in question. When paired with declination (abbreviated dec), these astronomical coordinates specify the direction of a point on the celestial sphere (traditionally called in English the skies or the sky) in the equatorial coordinate system.

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right_ascension

u = better of DeV/Exp magnitude fit
g = better of DeV/Exp magnitude fit
r = better of DeV/Exp magnitude fit
i = better of DeV/Exp magnitude fit
z = better of DeV/Exp magnitude fit
The Thuan-Gunn astronomic magnitude system. u, g, r, i, z represent the response of the 5 bands of the telescope.

Further education: https://www.astro.umd.edu/~ssm/ASTR620/mags.html

run = Run Number
rereun = Rerun Number
camcol = Camera column
field = Field number
Run, rerun, camcol and field are features which describe a field within an image taken by the SDSS. A field is basically a part of the entire image corresponding to 2048 by 1489 pixels. A field can be identified by:

run number, which identifies the specific scan,
the camera column, or "camcol," a number from 1 to 6, identifying the scanline within the run, and
the field number. The field number typically starts at 11 (after an initial rampup time), and can be as large as 800 for particularly long runs.
An additional number, rerun, specifies how the image was processed.
View "SpecObj"
specobjid = Object Identifier
class = object class (galaxy, star or quasar object)
The class identifies an object to be either a galaxy, star or quasar. This will be the response variable which we will be trying to predict.

redshift = Final Redshift
plate = plate number
mjd = MJD of observation
fiberid = fiber ID
In physics, redshift happens when light or other electromagnetic radiation from an object is increased in wavelength, or shifted to the red end of the spectrum.

Each spectroscopic exposure employs a large, thin, circular metal plate that positions optical fibers via holes drilled at the locations of the images in the telescope focal plane. These fibers then feed into the spectrographs. Each plate has a unique serial number, which is called plate in views such as SpecObj in the CAS.

Modified Julian Date, used to indicate the date that a given piece of SDSS data (image or spectrum) was taken.

The SDSS spectrograph uses optical fibers to direct the light at the focal plane from individual objects to the slithead. Each object is assigned a corresponding fiberID.

Further information on SDSS images and their attributes:

http://www.sdss3.org/dr9/imaging/imaging_basics.php

http://www.sdss3.org/dr8/glossary.php

Acknowledgements
The data released by the SDSS is under public domain. Its taken from the current data release RD14.

More information about the license:

http://www.sdss.org/science/image-gallery/

It was acquired by querying the CasJobs database which contains all data published by the SDSS.

The exact query can be found at:

http://skyserver.sdss.org/CasJobs/ (Free account is required!)

There are also other ways to get data from the SDSS catalogue. They can be found under:

http://www.sdss.org/dr14/

They really have a huge database which offers the possibility of creating all kinds of tables with respect to personal interests.

Please don't hesitate to contact me regarding any questions or improvement suggestions. :-)

Inspiration
The dataset offers plenty of information about space to explore. Also the class column is the perfect target for classification practices!

---
## [SabujM/Projects](https://github.com/SabujM/Projects)@[854f24fd29...](https://github.com/SabujM/Projects/commit/854f24fd29dfba74e2bfa8dcc8577d9f1347f5d3)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 14:02:20 by Sabuj Mandal

Add files via upload

Predict A Doctor's Consultation Fee 



We have all been in situation where we go to a doctor in emergency and find that the consultation fees are too high. As a data scientist we all should do better. What if you have data that records important details about a doctor and you get to build a model to predict the doctor’s consulting fee.? This is the hackathon that lets you do that.



Size of training set: 5961 records

Size of test set: 1987 records

FEATURES:

Qualification: Qualification and degrees held by the doctor

Experience: Experience of the doctor in number of years

Rating: Rating given by patients

Profile: Type of the doctor

Miscellaeous_Info: Extra information about the doctor

Fees: Fees charged by the doctor

Place: Area and the city where the doctor is located.



https://github.com/dsrscientist/Data-Science-ML-Capstone-Projects

---
## [SabujM/Projects](https://github.com/SabujM/Projects)@[283c4520fe...](https://github.com/SabujM/Projects/commit/283c4520fe05e6c712472eba8f53fdcb1cd2644c)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 14:04:53 by Sabuj Mandal

Add files via upload

Predicting Restaurant Food Cost 


Who doesn’t love food? All of us must have craving for at least a few favourite food items, we may also have a few places where we like to get them, a restaurant which serves our favourite food the way we want it to be. But there is one factor that will make us reconsider having our favourite food from our favourite restaurant, the cost. Here in this hackathon, you will be predicting the cost of the food served by the restaurants across different cities in India. You will use your Data Science skills to investigate the factors that really affect the cost, and who knows maybe you will even gain some very interesting insights that might help you choose what to eat and from where.

Size of training set: 12,690 records

Size of test set: 4,231 records



Size of training set: 12,690 records

Size of test set: 4,231 records

FEATURES:
TITLE: The feature of the restaurant which can help identify what and for whom it is suitable for.

RESTAURANT_ID: A unique ID for each restaurant.

CUISINES: The variety of cuisines that the restaurant offers.

TIME: The open hours of the restaurant.

CITY: The city in which the restaurant is located.

LOCALITY: The locality of the restaurant.

RATING: The average rating of the restaurant by customers.

VOTES: The overall votes received by the restaurant.

COST: The average cost of a two-person meal.



https://github.com/dsrscientist/Data-Science-ML-Capstone-Projects

---
## [TheDeadFish/libres](https://github.com/TheDeadFish/libres)@[ea6f15aae2...](https://github.com/TheDeadFish/libres/commit/ea6f15aae27b12ba1d963088f27682859db99e1c)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 15:53:00 by TheDeadFish

fixed CRLF bullshit, fucking retard git, a single CRLF sneaks in somehow and then its all fucked from then on. I am sick of how many tools I have to fork, now I need to fix fucking git as well

---
## [Mu-L/skia](https://github.com/Mu-L/skia)@[9b0fc9c9c1...](https://github.com/Mu-L/skia/commit/9b0fc9c9c19f7617ed1cf71a71e95f150bdd08dd)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 22:38:29 by Mike Klein

sketch Half in skvm

Key design points...

   A) Take care to not commit too much to Half's range or precision.
      In particular, don't offer operations whose result might not
      be representable in Half.  E.g., shy away from Half divide,
      not just because we might not be able to do a native divide,
      but even more so because division produces results that might
      not fit in Half, ±inf or NaN.

   B) No native Half loads, stores, uniforms or splats,
      instead converting from I32 or F32.  This keeps the entire
      front-end (user code, Builder, etc.) specified in terms of precise
      format and oblivious to the various backends' representations of
      Half.  Native Half splats would be less trouble than uniforms I
      think, and uniforms less trouble than loads and stores, but still
      enough a pain that we're better of deferring any of that for now.
      (Explicit fp16 uniforms do make sense to me though.)

   C) Keep the current F32-based Color and all the effect virtuals
      that use it around, introducing parallel Half-based HalfColors
      and entry points for those.  The key cool idea here is to have
      the default entry points for F32/Color and Half/HalfColor call
      each other, so that any given effect can implement one, the other,
      or both and always be compatble with however it's called.
      This is mostly about incremental rollout, but I suspect we'll
      have areas that stick to F32 forever.  (Think the IEEE 754 32-bit
      float specific bit hacks we used for approx_log/approx_exp.)

   D) (not done yet) allow implicit Half->F32 conversion, but not
      the other way around of course.  This makes it easier to lean
      on the body of F32 routines we already have, and again mostly
      helps enable incremental rollout.

Change-Id: I8bb38efbe476ff89dd2591411e115c2ab3757854
Reviewed-on: https://skia-review.googlesource.com/c/skia/+/341800
Reviewed-by: Herb Derby <herb@google.com>
Commit-Queue: Mike Klein <mtklein@google.com>

---
## [smxi/inxi](https://github.com/smxi/inxi)@[5234e3903d...](https://github.com/smxi/inxi/commit/5234e3903d072601c5e8e2a41b6ba6aa134ba142)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 23:13:36 by Harald Hope

Huge upgrade, major rewrite/refactor, new features, everything is polished!!!

Note that due to large number of internal changes to code, a separate
INTERNAL CODE CHANGES section is at the bottom. Those are changes which in
general do not impact what users see that much, but which definitely impact
working on and with inxi! They also make errors less likely, and removed many
possible bad data error situations.

BUGS:

1. Obscure, but very old Tyan Mobo used a form of dmidecode data for RAM that I'd
never gotten a dataset for before, this tripped a series of errors in inxi, which
were actually caused by small errors and failures to check certain things, as
well as simply never assigning data in corner cases. This system used only dmi
handles 6 and 7, which is a very rare setup, from the very early days of dmi
data being settled, but it was valid data, and actually inxi was supposed to support
it, because I'd never gotten a dataset containing such legacy hardware data, the
support didn't work. There were actually several bugs discovered while tracking
this down, all were corrected.

2. Going along with the cpu fixes below, there was a bug that if stepping was 0,
stepping would not show. I had not realized stepping could be 0, so did a true/false
test instead of a defined test, which makes 0 in perl always test as false. This is
corrected.

3. While going through code, discovered that missing second argument to main::grabber
would have made glabel tool (BSD I think mostly) always fail, without exception.
That explains why bsd systems were never getting glabel data, heh.

4. Many null get_size tests would not have worked because they were testing
for null array but ('','') was actually being returned, which is not a null array.
The testing and results for get_size were quite random, now hey are all the same
and consistent, and confirmed correct.

5. In unmounted devices, the match sent to @lsblk to get extended device data
would never work with dm-xx type names, failed to translate them to their
mapped name, which is what is used in lsblk matches, this is corrected.
This could lead to failures to match fs of members of luks, raid, etc,
particularly noticeable with complex logical device structures. This means
the fallback filters against internal logic volume names, various file system
type matches, would always fail.

6. A small host of further bugs found and fixed during the major refactor, but
not all of them were noted, they were just fixed, sorry, those will be lost
to history unless you compare with diffs the two versions, but that's thousands
of lines, but there were more bugs fixed than listed above, just can't remember
them all.

FIXES:

1. There was some ambiguity about when inxi falls back to showing hardware graphics
driver instead of xorg gfx driver when it can't find an xorg driver. That can happen
for instance because of wayland, or because of obscure xorg drivers not yet supported.
Now the message is very clear, it says the gfx software driver is n/a, and that it's
showing the hardware gfx driver.

2. Big redo of cpu microarch, finally handled cases where same stepping/model ID
has two micorarches listed, now that is shown clearly to users, like AMD Zen family
17, model 18, which can be either Zen or Zen+, so now it shows that ambiguity, and
a comment: note: check, like it shows for ram report when it's not sure. Shows
for instance:
arch: Zen/Zen+ note: check
in such cases, in other words, it tells users that the naming convention
basically changed during the same hardware/die cycle.

3. There were some raid component errors in the unmounted tests which is supposed
to test the raid components and remove them from the mounted list. Note that inxi
now also tests better if something is a raid component, or an lvm component, or
various other things, so unmounted will be right more often now, though it's still
not perfect since there are still more unhandled logical storage components that
will show as unmounted when tney are parts of logical volumes. Bit by bit!!

4. Part of a significant android fine tuning and fix series, for -P, android uses
different default names for partitions, so none showed, now a subset of standard
android partitions, like /System, /firmware, etc, shows. Android will never work
well though because google keeps locking down key file read/search permissions in
/sys and /proc.

5. More ARM device detections, that got tuned quite a bit and cleaned up, for
instance, it was doing case sensitive checks, but found cases where the value
is all upper case, so it was missing it. Now it does case sensitive device type
searches.

6. One of the oldest glitches in inxi was the failure to take the size of the raid
arrays versus the size totals of the raid array components led to Local Storage
results that were uselessly wrong, being based on what is now called 'raw' disk
totals, that's the raw physical total of all system disks. Now if raid is detected
the old total: used:... is expanded to: total: raw:... usable:....used:, the usable
being the actual disk space that can be used to store data. Also in the case of
LVM systems, a further item is added, lvm-free: to report the unused but available
volume group space, that is, space not currently taken by logical volumes. This
can provide a useful overview of your system storage, and is much improved over
the previous version, which was technically unable to solve that issue because
the internal structures did not support it, now they do. LVM data requires sudo/
root unfortunately, so you will see different disk raw totals depending on
if it's root or not if there is LVM RAID running.

Sample: inxi -D
Drives:    Local Storage: total: raw: 340.19 GiB usable: 276.38 GiB
           lvm-free: 84.61 GiB used: 8.49 GiB (3.1%)

lvm-free is non assigned volume group size, that is, size not assigned
to a logical volume in the volume group, but available in the volume group.
raw: is the total of all detected block devices, usable is how much of that
can be used in file systems, that is, raid is > 1 devices, but those devices
are not available for storage, only the total of the raid volume is.
Note that if you are not using LVM, you will never see lvm-free:.

7.  An anonymous user sent a dataset that contained a reasonable alternate
syntax for sensors output, that made inxi fail to get the sensors data. That was
prepending 'T' to temp items, and 'F' to fan items, which made enough sense though
I'd never seen it before, so inxi now supports that alternate sensors temp/fan
syntax, so that should expand the systems it supports by default out of the box.

8. Finally was able to resolve a long standing issue of loading File::Find, which
is only used in --debug 20-22 debugger, from top of inxi to require load in the
debugger. I'd tried to fix this before, but failed, the problem is that redhat
/fedora have broken apart Perl core modules, and made some of them into external
modules, which made inxi fail to start due to missing use of required module that
was not really required. Thanks to mrmazda for pointing this out to me, I'd tried
to get this working before but failed, but this time I figured out how to recode
some of the uses of File::Find so it would work when loaded without the package
debugger, hard to figure it, turned out a specific sub routine call in that
specific case required the parentheses that had been left off, very subtle.

9. Subtle issue, unlike most of the other device data processors, the USB
data parser did not use the remove duplicates tool, which led in some cases
to duplicated company names in the output for USB, which looks silly.

10. Somehow devtmpfs was not being detected in all cases to remove that from
partitions report, that was added to the file systen filters to make sure it
gets caught.

11. Removed LVM image/meta/data data slices from unmounted report, those are LVM
items, but they are internal LVM volumes, not available or usable. I believe
there are other data/meta type variants for different LVM features but I have
added as many types as I could find.. Also explictly now remove any _member type
item, which is always part of some other logical structure, like RAID or
LVM, those were not explicitly handled before.

12. Corrected the varous terms ZFS can use for spare drives, and due to how
those describe slightly different situations than simply spare, changed the spare
section header to Available, which is more accureate for ZFS.

ENHANCEMENTS:

1. Going along with FIX 2 is updating and adding to intel, elbrus microarch family/
model/stepping IDs (E8C2), so that is fairly up to date now.

2. Added in a very crude and highly unreliable default fallback for intel:
/sys/devices/cpu/caps/pmu_name which will show the basic internal name used
which can be quite different from what the actual microarch name is, but the hope
is that for new intel cpus that come out after these last inxi updates, something
may show, instead of nothing. Note these names are often much more generic, like
using skylake for many different microarches.

3. More android enhancements, for androids that allow reading of /system/build.prop,
which is a very useful informative system info file, more android data will show,
like the device name and variant, and a few other specialized items. You can see if
your android device lets inxi read build.prop if you see under -S Distro:
Android 7.1 (2016-07-23) or just Android. If it shows just android, that means
it can't read that file. Showing Android however is also new, since while inxi
can't always read build.prop if that file is there, it's android, so inxi
finally can recognize it's in android, even though it can't give much info if
it's locked down. Inxi in fact did not previously know it was running in android,
which is quite different from ARM systems in some ways, but now it does.

If the data is available, it will be used in Distro: and in Machine: data to add
more information about the android version and device.

4. A big one, for -p/-P/-o/-j now shows with -x the mapped device name, not just
the /dev/dm-xx ID, which makes connecting the various new bits easier, for RAID,
Logical reports. Note that /dev/mapper/ is removed from the mapped name since
that's redundant and verbose and makes the output harder to read. For mapped
devices, the new --logical / -L report lets you drill into the devices to find
out what dm-xx is actually based on, though that is a limited feature which only
supports drilling to a depth of 2 components/devices, there can be more,
particularly for bcache, luks setups, but it's just too  hard to code that
level of depth, so something is better than nothing in this case, which
is the actual choice I was faced, the perfect in this case really is/was
the enemy of the good, as they say.

5. More big ones, for -a -p/-P/-o/-j shows kernel device major:minor number,
which again lets you trace each device around the system and report.

6. Added mdadm if root for mdraid report, that let me add a few other
details for mdraid not previously available. This added item 'state;'
to the mdraid report with right -x options.

7. Added vpu component type to ARM gfx device type detection, don't know
how video processing vcu had escaped my notice.

8. Added fio[a-z] block device, I'd never heard of that before, but saw
use of it in dataset, so learned it's real, but was never handled as a
valid block device type before, like sda, hda, vda, nvme, mmcblk,
etc. fio works the same, it's fio + [a-z] + [0-9]+ partition number.

9. Expanded to alternate syntax Elbrus cpu L1, L2, L3 reporting. Note
that in their nomenclature, L0 and L1 are actually both L1, so add those
together when detected.

10. RAM, thanks to a Mint user, antikythera, learned, and handled something
new, module 'speed:' vs module 'configured clock speed:'.
To quote from supermicro:

<<<
Question: Under dmidecode, my 'Configured Clock Speed' is lower than my
'Speed'. What does each term mean and why are they not the same?
Answer: Under dmidecode, Speed is the expected speed of the memory
(what is advertised on the memory spec sheet) and Configured Clock Speed
is what the actual speed is now. The cause could be many things but the
main possibilities are mismatching memory and using a CPU that doesn't
support your expected memory clock speed.
Please use only one type of memory and make sure that your CPU supports
your memory.
>>>

11. Since RAM was gettng a look, also changed cases where ddr ram speed is reported
in MHz, now it will show the speeds as: [speed * 2] MT/S ([speed] MHz). This
will let users make apples to apples speed comparisons between different systems.
Since MT/S is largely standard now, there's no need to translate that to MHz.

12. And, even more!! When RAM speeds are logically absurd, adds in note: check
This is from a real user's data by the way, as you can see, it triggers all
the new RAM per Device report features.

Sample:
Memory:
  RAM: total: 31.38 GiB used: 20.65 GiB (65.8%)
  Array-1: capacity: N/A slots: 4 note: check EC: N/A
  Device-1: DIMM_A1 size: 8 GiB speed: 1600 MT/s (800 MHz)
  Device-2: DIMM_A2 size: 8 GiB speed: spec: 1600 MT/s (800 MHz)
  actual: 61910 MT/s (30955 MHz) note: check
  Device-3: DIMM_B1 size: 8 GiB speed: 1600 MT/s (800 MHz)
  Device-4: DIMM_B2 size: 8 GiB speed: spec: 1600 MT/s (800 MHz)
  actual: 2 MT/s (1 MHz) note: check

13. More disks vendor!!! More disk vendor IDs!!! Yes, that's right, eternity
exists, here, now, and manifests every day!! Thanks to linux-lite hardware
database for this eternally generating list. Never underestimate the
creativity of mankind to make more disk drive companies, and to release
new model IDs for existing companies. Yes, I feel that this is a metaphore
for something much larger, but what that is, I'm not entirely clear about.

CHANGES:

1. Recent kernel changes have added a lot more sensor data in /sys, although
this varies system to system, but now, if your system supports it, you can
get at least partial hdd temp reports without needing hddtemp or root. Early
results suggest that nvme may have better support than spinning disks, but it
really varies. inxi will now look for the /sys based temp first, then fall
back to the much slower and root / sudo only hddtemp. You can force hddtemp
always with --hddtemp option, which has a corresponding configuration item.

2. The long requested and awaited yet arcane and obscure feature -L/--logical,
which tries to give a reasonably good report on LVM, LUKS, VeraCrypt, as well
as handling LVM raid, both regular and thin, is now working, more or less.
This took a lot of testing and will probably not be reasonably complete for
a while, mainly because the levels of abstraction possible between lvm,
lvm raid, mdraid, LUKS, bcache, and other caching and other encryption
options are just too deep to allow for easy handling, or easy outputs.
But a very solid and good start in my view, going from nothing to something
is always a big improvement!! LVM reports require root/sudo. This will,
finally, close issue #135.

3. Going along with -L, and serving as a model for the logic of -L, was the
complete refactor of -R, RAID, which was a real mess internally,  definitely
one of the messiest and hardest to work with features of inxi before the
refactor. It's now completely cleaned up and modularized, and is easy to add
raid types, which was not possible before, now it cleanly supports zfs, mdraid,
and lvm raid, with in depth reports and added items like mdraid size, raid
component device sizes and maj:min numbers if the -a option is used. Note
that LVM RAID requires root/sudo.

4. Added some more sensors dimm, volts items, slight expansion. Note that the
possible expansion of sensors made possible by the recently upgraded sensors
output logic, as well as the new inxi internal sensors data structure,
which is far more granular than the previous version, and allows for much
more fine grained control and output, though only gpu data currently takes
advantage of this new power under the covers, although as noted, the /sys based
hdd temps use the same source, only straight from /sys, since it was actually
easier using the data directly from sys than trying to map the drive locations to
specific drives in sensors output. Well, to be accurate, since now only
board type sensors are used for the temp/fan speed, voltage, etc, reports,
the removal of entire sensor groups means less chance of wrong results.

5. To bring the ancient RAID logic to fit the rest of inxi style, made
zfs, mdraid, and lvm raid components use incrementing numbers, like cpu
cores does. This got rid of the kind of ugly hacks used previously
which were not the same for zfs or mdraid, but now they are all the same,
except that the numbers for mdraid are the actual device numbers that
mdraid supplies, and the LVM and ZFS numbers are just autoincremented,
starting at 1.

6. Changed message <root/superuser required> to <superuser required> because
it's shorter and communicates the same thing.

INTERNAL CODE CHANGES:

1. Small, transparent test, tested on Perl 5.032 for Perl 7 compatibility. All
tests passed, no legacy code issues in inxi as of now.

2. Although most users won't notice, a big chunk of inxi was refactored
internally, which is why the new -L, the revamped -R, and the fixed
disk totals finally all can work now. This may hopefully result in more
consistent output and fewer oddities and randomnesses, since more of the
methods all use the same tools now under the covers. Ths refactor also
significantly improved inxi's execution speed, by about 4-5%, but most
of those gains are not visible due to the added new features, but the
end result is new inxi runs roughly the same speed as pre 3.2.00 inxi, but
does more, and does it better, internally at least. If you have a very
good eye you may also note a few places where this manifests externally
as well. Last I checked about 10-12% of the lines of inxi had been changed,
but I think that number is higher now. Everything that could be optimized
was, everything could be made more efficient was.

3. Several core tools in inxi were expanded to work much more cleanly,
like reader(), which now supports returning just the index value you want,
that always happened on the caller end before, which led to extra code.
get_size likewise was expanded to do a string return, which let me
remove a lot of internal redundant code in creating the size unit output,
like 32 MiB. uniq() was also redone to work exclusively by reference.

4. Many bad reference and dereference practices that had slipped into inxi
from the start are mostly corrected now, array assignments use push now,
rather than assign to array, then add array to another array, and assign
those to the master array. Several unnecessary and cpu/ram intensive copying
steps, that is, were removed in many locations internally in inxi. Also
now inxi uses more direct anonymous array and hash refernce assignments,
which again removes redundant array/hash creation, copy, and assignment.

5. Also added explicit -> dereferencing arrows to make the code more clear
and readable, and to make it easier for perl to know  what is happening.
The lack of consistency actually created confusion, I was not aware of
what certain code was doing, and didn't realize it was doing the same
thing as other code because of using different methods and syntaxes for
referencing array/hash components. I probably missed some, but I got many
of them, most probably.

6. Instituted a new perl builtin sub routine rule which is: if the sub
takes 2 or more arguments, always put in parentheses, it makes the
code much easier to follow because you see the closing ), like:
push(@rows,@row); Most perl builtins that take only one arg do not
use parentheses, except length, which just looks weird when used in
math tests, that is: length($var) > 13 looks better than length $var > 13.
This resolved inconsistent uses that had grown over time, so now all the
main builtins follow these rules consistently internally.

Due to certain style elements, and the time required to carefully go through
all these rules, grep and map do not yet consistently use these rules, that's
because the tendency has been to use the grep {..test..} @array and
map {...actions...} @array

7. Mainly to deal with android failures to read standard system files due to
google locking it down, moved most file queries to use -r, is readable, rather
than -e, exists, or -f, is file, unless it only needs to know if it exists,
of course. This fixed many null data errors in android even on locked androids.

8. Added in %mapper and %dmmapper hashes to allow for easy mapping and
unmapping of mapped block devices. Got rid of other ways of doing that,
and made it consistent throughout inxi. These are globals that load once.

9. Learned that perl builtin split() has a very strange and in my view originally
terrible decision that involves treating as regex rules string characters in split
string, like split('^^',$string), which should logically be a string value, not
a ^ start search followed by a ^, but that's how it is, so that was carefully checked
and made consistent as well. Also expanded split to take advantage of the number of
splits to do, which I had only used occasionally before, but only updated field/value
splits where I have a good idea of what the data is. This is very useful when the
data is in the form of field: value, but value can contain : as well. You have to
be very careful however, since some data we do want in fact the 2nd split, but not
the subsequent ones, so I only updated the ones I was very sure about.

10. Going along with the cpu microarch fixes, updated and cleaned up all the lists
of model/stepping matches, now they are all in order and much easier to scan and
find, that had gotten sloppy over the years.

11. More ARM, moved dummy and codec device values into their own storage arrays,
that let me remove the filters against those in the other detections. Makes logic
easier to read and maintain as well.

---
## [d8ahazard/glimmr](https://github.com/d8ahazard/glimmr)@[adb673a61e...](https://github.com/d8ahazard/glimmr/commit/adb673a61e6dc15f7d546b6a6de73e0714fa9fa2)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-15 23:22:30 by d8ahazard

Poor Change Management...

Yeah, I really need to start doing better tracking of changes, but I often get distracted and fix three things at once.

Code cleanup. Lots of code cleanup. Remove references to "V1" and "V2" sector data, just use sector data. Much easier.
Fix issues with JS not loading returned data.
Fix icons for DS devices now using the same tag.
Create single shared UDP client for "all the thingz". Socket management, yo.
Clean up Hue stream creation/setup method.
Fix log messages being long and all looking like errors.
One method for DS sending, versus two that do variations of the same thing.
Add custom method to set "device data", so that our DS emulator and normal device are the same. Still needs more cleanup.
Lots of love for the Hue stuff. Almost got it 100% again.
Did I mention DreamScreen streaming from Glimmr works again? Still need to check if it can *receive*.
Lots more, I'm sure. ADD sucks.

---

# [<](2020-12-14.md) 2020-12-15 [>](2020-12-16.md)

