# [<](2020-09-14.md) 2020-09-15 [>](2020-09-16.md)

2,756,145 events, 1,339,732 push events, 2,100,354 commit messages, 167,011,652 characters


## [Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller)@[ced304c1d5...](https://github.com/Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller/commit/ced304c1d5849af273b0a78009f9e3f62b4b89f7)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 09:01:28 by Travis Raines

Handle Ingress v1 class (#843)

**What this PR does / why we need it**:
This handles Ingress v1 class, as we need to handle Ingress v1 class.

**Which issue this PR fixes**: fixes #790

**Notes/questions for reviewers**:
This is in very rough draft state, so it's bad, untested, and full of misery, but it should be :smile: 

- AFAIK we do indeed intend to have separate flags for ignoring class on v1 Ingress and v1beta1 Ingress--I think I remember that from previous discussions, and it seems a bit weird (SO MANY FLAGS), but eh, whatever.
- "annotations" is in a weird spot: the minimally invasive version of this adds a new function generator there, but it's for something that's no longer an annotation. Other option was to export `validIngress` and stick the Ingress V1 validator function in store, but eh, that's no good either.
- That the validation functions are part of the store itself seems kinda weird, but maybe that does make sense.
- Checking between the original KEP, which [just called this ingress class](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-network/20190125-ingress-api-group.md#ingress-class-field), and the [actual 1.19 API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.19/staging/src/k8s.io/api/networking/v1/types.go#L244-L257) apparently calls it `IngressClassName`. Pretty sure those are equivalent, but wanted to double-check, and want to make sure I understand the relationship between that and the actual [IngressClass object](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/release-1.19/staging/src/k8s.io/api/networking/v1/types.go#L468-L484) correctly.

* feat(store) handle Ingress v1 class

Update the Ingress v1 lister to handle both the legacy annotation used
in Ingress v1beta1 and the native Ingress class field introduced in
Ingress v1.

If the legacy annotation is present, the controller uses its value to
decide whether or not to process the Ingress, regardless of whether the
new native field is present. If the legacy annoation is absent, the
controller will use the native field. The decision logic itself is
unchanged: it continues to require an exact class match by default, and
can optionally also match Ingresses with no annotation or native class
if users override this default.

* test(annotations+store) add Ingress v1 class tests

Test Ingress v1 class matching. In annotations, test that the match
behaviors are the same for native class matching as they are for ingress
class annotations. In store, test that class matching successfully
filters Ingresses with the correct class into the store and that
Ingresses with the correct class, but with an incorrect class
annotation, are not filtered in, because the class annotation takes
precedence.

From #843

---
## [C-O-F-E/SYNC-WEBSITE](https://github.com/C-O-F-E/SYNC-WEBSITE)@[15450eb389...](https://github.com/C-O-F-E/SYNC-WEBSITE/commit/15450eb389aeee0ab385e53818e05530e18346af)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 09:11:24 by Cryptogenik

what am I doing

Amazing shit that's what. Like what? Like Making magic nav bars! Adding content! Fixing transparencies! and more! Now Sleep dammit!

---
## [xScottishKrissx/the-knews-live](https://github.com/xScottishKrissx/the-knews-live)@[203521c30c...](https://github.com/xScottishKrissx/the-knews-live/commit/203521c30c9fde0ff14d4db57a02e1a1eb17cd5e)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 11:46:22 by Chris Dunne

Working Lazy Loading

An honest to god working implementation of Lazy Loading. The solution was frustratingly simple in the end, simply concatenating a new array of articles onto the existing articles.  Annoyingly I'd already done most of the work in setting up the states and incrementing through the array, I just hadnt connected the dots. There are still things to be sorted out like what happens when you click on an article and try to return home but I'm really happy with the progress here.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[73322e60b0...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/73322e60b0c36f2643ca5b444a91c11622a96be2)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 12:15:33 by Marko Grdinić

"11:30am. I stayed in bed really late today. I guess the morning session is out. I guess I'll chill for a while, have breakfast and then start.

12:20pm. Ok, breakfast, and then I will focus on programming for the rest of the day. These last few days were such a wreck. I can't wait to get through this part. With the partial evaluator at least I will be able to reuse the majority of the code from January. With the prepass, I am going to have to rewrite it from scratch.

Trully, my regrets are eating away at me. I need to accept my loneliness, and just go forward. Once Spiral v0.2 is done, I will be able to say goodbye to my delusions. It will be the sorrow's sayonara.

12:30pm. I want to program in v0.2 more than anything else, but I really loathe working on it. Once v0.2 is done I think I will take a good long break from language work.

12:55pm. Done with breakfast. It is time that I start today's session.

1pm. I won't fall now. I've come so far, so I am going to grip the reigns again and charge forward. The prepass and the partial evaluator will be done. This long journey towards completion of Spiral will come to an end 1-2 months from now. I am going to find my power.

The biggest priority at the moment though is to simply get back into the swing of things. Finishing the typechecker and moving to the prepass hit me particularly hard.

At this point I've completely forgotten the fun parts of programming. Once I remember them, things will brighten up.

1:05pm.

```fs
| RawForall(r,a,b) -> failwith "TODO"
```

Yesterday I stopped here. Can I get through this case somehow?

Usually I would, but I'll have to put in some effort to make my thoughts more constructive. Forget the old.

These challenges I am going through in the present are not pointless. What I am doing here is the foundation for everything that is going to come. This path is the slow and gentle acquisition of power.

1:10pm. Damn that case feels so heavy, and I do not feel like working at all.

All the regrets, all the sorrow will go away as soon as I can convince myself that the `RawForall` is more important than them. It is most important than the past and the future. It is more important than my life. That `RawForall`.

1:15pm. Yeah, that is the way it should be. When you are weak you forget. You keep thinking about the failures of the past and the glories of the future battles. When you are strong, the only thing on your mind is that single swing of the blade.

1:20pm. `RawForall`, `RawForall`...

I can feel it a bit now. My focus is coming back to me.

```fs
| RawForall(r,a,b) -> failwith "TODO"
```

Once more, with the restrictions I've set for the first round what do I have to do here? Well, there is not much to dwell upon. I just add the bind to the environment and evaluate the body.

Unfortunately...

```fs
type Env = {
    term : PersistentHashMap<string,E>
    ty : PersistentHashMap<string,T>
    }
```

Yeah, I can't really use the `term` here for counts. Though just now an idea occured to me. Why don't I make an environment specifically for recursive variables? Those things need special consideration. I want them to have negative counts. Later on they will be eliminated from the free vars field and inlined.

1:25pm. Ah, right. A great idea came to me.

In the January prototype, I inlined the refs right away, but now it makes the most sense to leave them as variables with negative counts. This will allow the `free_vars` function to gather them without me making special exceptions for recursive cases. It is the correct design. It is killing all the birds with one stone.

```fs
type Env = {
    term : PersistentHashMap<string,E>
    term_rec : PersistentHashMap<string,E>
    ty : PersistentHashMap<string,T>
    }
```

Yeah, I am starting to feel it. No matter what you've done in the past or what you will do in the future, the thing that really matters is what you are working on today. Once you lose grasp of the present, you lose grasp of yourself. You stop understanding your own position on the overall map.

1:30pm. If I have a firm grasp of the present, I can accept my loneliness. I can banish my doubts.

1:35pm. No having multiple term envs is not a good idea unfortunately. It means that recursive functions added later will not shadow the earlier ones.

Forget the persistent hash map.

```fs
type Env = {
    term : {| env : Map<string,E>; i : int; i_rec : int |}
    ty : {| env : Map<string,T>; i : int |}
    }
```

I am going to have to keep track of the counts. This is fine. It is easy since I never remove things from the environment.

For adding variables to these envs I will make a few helpers.

1:45pm.

```fs
type Env = {
    term : {| env : Map<string,E>; i : int; i_rec : int |}
    ty : {| env : Map<string,T>; i : int |}
    }

let add_term (e : Env) k v =
    let term = e.term
    {e with term = {|term with i = term.i+1; env = Map.add k v term.env|} }

let add_term_rec (e : Env) k v =
    let term = e.term
    {e with term = {|term with i_rec = term.i_rec+1; env = Map.add k v term.env|} }

let add_ty (e : Env) k v =
    let ty = e.ty
    {e with ty = {|ty with i = ty.i+1; env = Map.add k v ty.env|} }
```

Actually, I forgot. It is not even the counts that really matter. If I used counts it would have been incorrect.

Let me also do the helpers for adding plain vars.

1:45pm.

```fs
let add_term_var (e : Env) k = add_term e k (EV e.term.i)
```

Off, the stupid thing requires a range. Either I remove the range, or I change the way I am filling things in.

Since both the prepass and the partial evaluator will never have unbound var error during evaluation or regular variables I should just get rid of the range here.

...No, let me keep the ranges around for the time being. I can always remove them latter if need be.

```fs
type Env = {
    term : {| env : Map<string,Range -> E>; i : int; i_rec : int |}
    ty : {| env : Map<string,Range -> T>; i : int |}
    }
```

Let me make the `env` this.

```fs
let add_term_var (e : Env) k = add_term e k (fun r -> EV(r,e.term.i))
let add_ty_var (e : Env) k = add_ty e k (fun r -> TV(r,e.ty.i))
```

Now let me have adding regular vars be this.

```fs
let add_term_rec (e : Env) k v =
    let term = e.term
    {e with term = {|term with i_rec = term.i_rec-1; env = Map.add k v term.env|} }
```

Also, let me have the recursive cases go in the negative direction. I'll start it at -1 and have it go that way from there.

2pm. Agh, what I pain in the ass. Forget. Forget the ranges!

2:05pm.

```fs
let prepass (top_env : TopEnv) expr =
    let v_term (env : Env) x = Map.tryFind x env.term.env |> Option.defaultWith (fun () -> top_env.term.[x])
    let v_ty (env : Env) x =  Map.tryFind x env.ty.env |> Option.defaultWith (fun () -> top_env.ty.[x])
```

Now I can implement this like so.

2:10pm.

```fs
        | RawForall(r,a,b) ->
            let id = env.ty.i
            let tt = typevar_kind a
            let env = add_ty_var env (typevar_name a)
            EForall(r,(),(id,tt),term env b)
```

Ah, I forgot something. I forgot that for foralls without explicit signatures the kinds depend on the constraints. I need to have the typechecker transmit those to me.

2:15pm.

```fs
let add_term_var (e : Env) k = e.term.i, add_term e k (EV e.term.i)
let add_term_rec_var (e : Env) k = e.term.i_rec, add_term e k (EV e.term.i_rec)
let add_ty_var (e : Env) k = e.ty.i, add_ty e k (TV e.ty.i)
```

Let me do this like so.

```fs
        | RawForall(r,((_,(name,_)),_),b) ->
            let tt = failwith "TODO"
            let id, env = add_ty_var env name
            EForall(r,(),(id,tt),term env b)
```

And this will be like so.

Let me take a little break here. I am back in the groove. I've remembered what is really important in life."

---
## [JellyFish-S/MyFoodApplication](https://github.com/JellyFish-S/MyFoodApplication)@[915b1d5f83...](https://github.com/JellyFish-S/MyFoodApplication/commit/915b1d5f83dcfb27040772997fb1d2713ece65df)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 12:33:23 by Svetlana

User can add to food diary products for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack

---
## [communistkiro/rice](https://github.com/communistkiro/rice)@[bd9c19dc58...](https://github.com/communistkiro/rice/commit/bd9c19dc58baa03a389aaf264d7b212b40b083a7)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 13:38:15 by communistkiro

no more oh-my-zsh lag
st color edit
.zshrc alii, plugins
tmr typo, help fixed
pape function slmenu prompt fix, (recursive) slideshow opts added to speedup random pape setting
epubr - epub reader scripts, that's really bad
f, fm obsolete by Ctrl+t fzf recurssive selector
xbindkeysrc, bindings to previous scripts shot and for externalizing youtube links from clipboard
xrp, fucking finally fixed various artists dilemma
tagme, no longer uses find, might be stable with xrp and xrpp finally
pape, script & fun bettered
small shit

---
## [Jaminima/Ray-Tracing-C-](https://github.com/Jaminima/Ray-Tracing-C-)@[ecf8cd245c...](https://github.com/Jaminima/Ray-Tracing-C-/commit/ecf8cd245c61193cde87399796d1b5a34b91ff24)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 13:43:39 by Oscar Davies

Move All Inherited Scene Object into Scene Objct

I know its ugly but fuck you

---
## [FRC2539/pybot](https://github.com/FRC2539/pybot)@[0bbb3d2e06...](https://github.com/FRC2539/pybot/commit/0bbb3d2e0626d7331a73608de1f848338828607b)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 15:52:08 by Ben

Just made the trajectory stuff more user friendly. Going to test the functionality tonight. Basically used fun python magic to make it more flexible and easier to write. Simply make the trajectory variable, and then put that into a command. On the inside it's a lot more complicated however lol.

---
## [Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls)@[c7f34dbdf8...](https://github.com/Fargowilta/FargowiltasSouls/commit/c7f34dbdf8276878570a8bb383f24e49e99df0f7)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 19:13:41 by Terry N. Muse

shadow champ
 slightly increased damage again
 BIG buff for guardian damage
 shadow clones track your movement
 adjusted split of flaming scythes to fuck you up better
 flameburst attack changed
  p1 has higher base vel
  p2 is old p3 (shoot to both sides which then home in)
  p3 now shoots both p1 and p2 at the same time but less dense

---
## [patrickodacre/cryptoquest](https://github.com/patrickodacre/cryptoquest)@[a313a7a4de...](https://github.com/patrickodacre/cryptoquest/commit/a313a7a4deb0326327b4b1fa4860b979e4f4b52a)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 19:36:14 by PWho

Add Character Can Attack Mobs, Gain XP and Level Up

I rearranged the instantiation of the Character Contract
to make use of the ZoneFactory so I could access the
zone mob details. Though I only need the mob level,
this seemed safer than simply passing the mob level
to the contract. There is no level checking in the
attack() method to safeguard against any abuse.
Perhaps doing that would be cheaper, gas-wise,
than fetching and loading the mob into memory, though.

The battle / experience gained handling is rather simple,
but it is fine for this simple project / demo; I've never
built a game before, but I imagine programming a more
sophisticated battle system is quite the task.

I'll have to do some refactoring here to get more
safety / clarity around Character experience values.
I KNOW that each level is just 250 xp, and that battles
will never yield more than this, and my calcs reflect this
understanding, but I don't think this would be clear to
another dev, and there are probably numerous ways this
could break. Now that things work and tests are in place
I will work to make this more secure and robust in terms
of error handling if I can.

Noting my use of zoneFactory.getZoneMob() it is annoying
that I can't just use an automatic getter to get the mob struct;
perhaps this is because the zoneMobs array is nested in
a map. Regardless, I can't seem to state the zoneFactory.Mob
as a type in the CharacterFactory, anyway.

As I work with Solidity I'm regularly frustrated that
there are so many simple things I can't do.
Hopefully the language will continue to improve.
I have read that returning structs is something in the works.

Finally, it seems many things are possible through the
use of various getters - eg: getEntityCount. I will
have to spend more time getting used to these patterns:
https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/13167/are-there-well-solved-and-simple-storage-patterns-for-solidity

---
## [Suspensium/webdev_site](https://github.com/Suspensium/webdev_site)@[5612e6528d...](https://github.com/Suspensium/webdev_site/commit/5612e6528da64f839e5f0e11f6ebcf13149bec4d)
#### Tuesday 2020-09-15 19:47:55 by Suspensium

Merge pull request #5 from KATSEDUARD/master

pull, а что писать? fuck you

---

# [<](2020-09-14.md) 2020-09-15 [>](2020-09-16.md)

