# [<](2020-12-10.md) 2020-12-11 [>](2020-12-12.md)

3,649,104 events, 1,416,112 push events, 2,193,854 commit messages, 180,412,991 characters


## [richardjonathonharris/aoc2020](https://github.com/richardjonathonharris/aoc2020)@[c0950aaa7e...](https://github.com/richardjonathonharris/aoc2020/commit/c0950aaa7ee2c698455068e3766aae0258f30f2f)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 01:59:24 by Richard Harris

Merge pull request #10 from richardjonathonharris/day10

Well fuck you very much day10

---
## [zizofifo/HotelRun](https://github.com/zizofifo/HotelRun)@[c9392d5ab4...](https://github.com/zizofifo/HotelRun/commit/c9392d5ab42587e075f4016b7607339249fbe501)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 03:33:35 by Cole Howard

Revert *all* Rotation, Z-{Pos,Scale} overrides in *every* stage; Adjust Z-pos in prefabs; Adjust Z-pos of non-prefab objects in every stage

So, this evening I noticed that overrides to Transforms are so granular
that you can Apply or Revert overrides for each individual axis for
Position, Rotation, and Scale. How can you tell if any of these are
overridden in a prefab instance when looking at the Inspector? Their
text is bold and/or the affected axis(axes) label(s) is(are) bold. And
how do you revert it (or them, in the case of an entire Position,
Rotation, or Scale tuple)?  Right-click, either on the
"Position"/"Rotation"/"Scale" text for the entire respective tuple, or
on the label or field for just one particular value, and choose "Revert"
from the context menu. To my knowledge, there is no keyboard shortcut
(or option to assign one) to Revert an override on whatever field
currently has keyboard or mouse focus. Let that sink in: there are up to
9 possible things that can be overridden in a Transform, and I just
described how to Revert it(them) like a cave man.

Let's connect this back to the project:
1) Virtually all, if not all, prefab instances in every stage had an
   override on its Z-Position, where inheriting this from its prefab
   would be greatly preferable so it's just set in one place, rather
   than dozens.
2) Then, virtually all, if not all, prefab instances in every stage had
   an override on its entire Rotation, which, frustratingly, seemed to
   be (0,0,0) in every case (from what I remember)... again, it would be
   greatly preferable to inherit this from the prefab, and what's odd is
   that none of the prefabs are rotated at the root-of-the-prefab level.
   So why is there an override using the exact same values?  Anyway...
3) Last, and I think this was only for Floor, Wall, and Ceiling
   instances, there were Z-Scale overrides on some objects... once
   again, the same sentiment: just like the others, these, in hindsight,
   should have been set once in their prefab and made sure to be never
   overridden in stages.

So, for great justice, I was compelled to fix this. Only X- and
Y-positions and X- and Y-scales would be spared. All other Transform
overrides would be obliterated.

However, Unity doesn't allow you to revert overrides across multiple
GameObjects at once— even if the overrides use the same values for the
same fields on all selected instances of the same prefab —for some
reason(s) that's('re) beyond me. So what did I have to do? **Hundreds
of clicks** along with **hundreds of presses** of the "R" key. (I just
decided to bite that bullet rather than look for an Editor Script that
may or may not accelerate this task.) First Z-Positions. Then Z-Scales.
Then Rotations. Each one (or 3 at once in the case of Rotations)
reverted by hand. Like a cave man. Thankfully, neither carpal tunnel
ever complained.

But the results were, err, are, wonderful. I could now, and in fact did,
make every stage appear uniform along the Z-axis by just changing all
the prefabs, rather than every single instance in every single stage.
Again, now only handfuls of changes are needed, rather than dozens.

As for corporeal GameObjects in the stages that were not prefabs, well,
this didn't apply, but I did arrange their Z-Positions by hand in
coordination with the edits made to other prefabs.

Everything is looking uniform along the Z-axis. There may be some tweaks
I have to do (or not, I have the Editor closed right now), but I am
satisfied, and I am certain (no, really) that I haven't introduced any
regressions or mistakes

This took, like, two hours, a good chunk of it spent this wall of text.
But I am not going to lie, after looking at the shortstat numbers ("x
files changed, y insertions(+), z deletions(-)") for these changes, I
feel like I've just played and mastered one of those clicker games.

P.S. I know it looks like these Transforms are being introduced to
prefabs for the very first time. Unity's YAML works in mysterious
ways...

P.P.S. Full disclosure: I am aware of the existence of local
{position,rotation,scale}, but I don't know enough about them to
immediately answer the question "how do they differ from world
{position,rotation,scale}?"

---
## [TheRant-man/Mallbank](https://github.com/TheRant-man/Mallbank)@[4ffc39ddb9...](https://github.com/TheRant-man/Mallbank/commit/4ffc39ddb9711630465e8b580511eca8e881a74b)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 04:04:17 by bad@names

RIGGED! FUCKING RIGGED! FUCK THE GAME AWARDS! FUCK YOU

---
## [rHermes/adventofcode](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode)@[14a602c7ef...](https://github.com/rHermes/adventofcode/commit/14a602c7efe28b15f62e808e96f766d21b850dd8)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 07:15:07 by rHermes

2020 Day 11

Today I woke up at 6:01 and just had to just rip my laptop open :P
Hardest part of AoC this year has been getting up in the morning!

I'm a bit dissapointed with todays performance, I was nervous and not
really working at optimal pace. Still I solved the task in my head fast
and was just slow to execute.

Part 1 is just normal cellular automata, but on part 2 I stumbled a bit
on the fact that an empty seat also blocks vision. This took some time.
I guess this is the second time.

Both of my solutions are kind of slow here. I wonder if it's faster to
build a list of indexes for all seats in part 2 than to lookup each
time.

I think this whole thing can be converted to a set of equations and done
faster, but I don't know. I seem to remember something about matrix
convolution or something.

This task was not so novel, but it's not super easy too. Good game
overall.

Score:
      --------Part 1--------   --------Part 2--------
Day       Time   Rank  Score       Time   Rank  Score
 11   00:16:06    665      0   00:26:48    647      0

---
## [dalanicolai/spacemacs](https://github.com/dalanicolai/spacemacs)@[477bfbcd0f...](https://github.com/dalanicolai/spacemacs/commit/477bfbcd0f77a4abe834772248c63c4b8901919e)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 09:35:11 by Daniel Nicolai

In navigation layer, Bind J/K to scroll up/down in Info-mode

Spacemacs lacks a keybinding alternative to the most natural way of scrolling
Info pages (i.e. SPC) in vanilla emacs.
Anyway, this commit adds J/K to scroll most naturally through info pages.
Currently, in Info-mode, a keybinding for J is not defined while K is bound to
evil-lookup.

Issue #2828 already adresses the inconsistent experience, and in my opinion this
can and should be improved as navigating Info pages is a very crucial part of
using Emacs.

Personally I have bound J/K to scroll page up/down in buffers/pdf/djvu/doc-view,
which I inherited from using the zathura pdf reader, and I think this is a better
default than the default vim alternatives.

---
## [LineageOS/android_kernel_samsung_jf](https://github.com/LineageOS/android_kernel_samsung_jf)@[70b51fccb4...](https://github.com/LineageOS/android_kernel_samsung_jf/commit/70b51fccb405e4197d83947ec8c30d40bd219837)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 10:24:58 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

[ Upstream commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d ]

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
Change-Id: If4290e58a2c34a7f69e2aa8e9ec0b07f15792d21

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[547d438f63...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/547d438f63665ec0a3ba9e2fc5fca29eb1096e7b)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 11:15:25 by Marko Grdinić

"10:50am. I think I'll skip the morning session today. Let me chill for a while.

11:35am. Let me start. I'll do a mini-morning session right now.

You can wallow in regret or you can focus on your goals. If there is one thing I did wrong in life, it is not practicing proper seclusion. Diversity of opinion is a huge meme and it has wasted decades of my life. There is no need to mingle in different groups.

The only group worth being in is the power-seeking group. The rest are just peasants.

Well, it would not have made much difference, though my mental health would have been a lot better at this stage. Still, I can heal if I can start practicing the hermit wizard arts right now. I have my mind, and I have this universe. Once I have the goal to crack it, there is nothing else that I need in life.

I was wrong - there is no way to balance the desires of other people and my own. Either the others or myself take precedence.

And I know what I am going to pick. If I side with the peasants I am just going to end up being shit in the ground.

But if I seek power, time will be on my side. It is time itself that will bury my failures under a pile of achievements.

Every great man was once a bawling, daiper-crapping baby. And I myself was unusual in that it took me way to long to register that I should pull my hand out of the fire.

But now that has been done it is fine - I really won't make the same mistake again.

I never learned how to race, but I learned the virtue of driving slowly. I won't force development anymore.

11:45am. Programming is what really matters. Programming is what will give me strength.

So let me plug in the next test.

```fs
let test8: SpiralModule =
    {
    name="test8"
    prerequisites=[]
    description="Does recursive pattern matching work on static data?"
    code=
    """
inl rec p = function
    | .Some, x -> p x
    | .None -> 0

inl main _ = p (.Some, .None) |> dyn
    """
    }
```

Let me do this one.

11:50am.

```
// Does recursive pattern matching work on static data?
open option
inl rec p = function
    | Some: x => p x
    | None => 0

inl main () = p (Some: None)
```

No, this does not type.

Should a make a real segment test then?

Let me do it.

```
// Does recursive pattern matching work on static data?
inl rec p = function
    | .Some, x => p x
    | .None => 0

inl main () = inl ~x = p (.Some, .None) in x
```

Let me try this.

11:55am. It works.

```
// Do records work?
inl main _ =
    inl m =
        inl x = 2i64
        inl y = 3.4f64
        inl z = "123"
        {x y z}
    dyn (m.x, m.y, m.z)
```

Let me try this next.

```fs
let (v0 : int64) = 2L
let (v1 : float) = 3.400000
let (v2 : string) = "123"
struct (v0, v1, v2)
```

Quite remarkable, it works.

Let me do one more test and I will have breakfast.

```fs
let test10: SpiralModule =
    {
    name="test10"
    prerequisites=[]
    description="Does defining user operators work?"
    code=
    """
inl main _ =
    inl (.+) a b = a + b
    inl x = 2 * 22 .+ 33

    inl f op a b = op a b
    f (*) 2 x
    |> dyn
    """
    }
```

```
// Does defining user operators work?
inl main () =
    inl (.+) a b = a + b
    inl x = 2 * 22 .+ 33

    inl f op a b = op a b
    f (*) 2 x |> dyn : i64
```

```
154L
```

It works.

12pm. It does seem like I did a decent job doesn't it?

Compared to how much difficulty I had in 2017, this debugging really is light on effort that is required.

Let me stop here for breakfast.

I am starting to get my focus back. I am starting to realize that life is all about proving your own will. Standing about other people does not matter. An individual is always in danger of having his mind hijacked by weird meme and being absorbed by society.

One says to himself 'I will prove my will.' and then gets beset by desires. Carnal, hunger, fatigue, boredom, distraction. Even if one has goals, there are so many things outside his control. Push against the subconscious, and it will prove to you that the airs of rationality one is strenuously trying to act out are just a delusion.

An athelete in a heated match might lose an important game because his neurons did not fire 20ms earlier.

A real man taking responsibility for all his actions is bullshit. It is absolutely impossible to ever meet such a stringent standard.

Literally all a real man can do is stay afloat and try not to drown in the currents of mediocrity.

12:05pm. True greatness is something that should be left for the post-humans alone. They in fact will be able to meet the stringent standards of rationality.

Forget your ego. I have to accept that I can only really prove my will for at most a third of a day. Rather than being always great, I should aim to be great for a few special moments.

That will have to be enough to get me to the stage of technological self improvement.

12:10pm. Let me eat. I'll chill a bit, do the chores and then I will resume. I want to get a bunch of tests done today. There will no doubt be more bugs in the compiler though it has been holding up remarkably well. I want to deal with those.

A few weeks of this and Spiral will be good enough to do real things in it. At that point I will be able to do ML again. I've been away for way too long from that."

---
## [defucilis/ScriptAxis](https://github.com/defucilis/ScriptAxis)@[fbf70ee416...](https://github.com/defucilis/ScriptAxis/commit/fbf70ee416deb77dd37462c463364eb4cb59cb9a)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 12:37:06 by Defucilis

feat: Make the add script form work WITHOUT FORMIK

+ Fuck you formik.
+ Also, it still doesn't actually work perfectly fml

---
## [defucilis/ScriptAxis](https://github.com/defucilis/ScriptAxis)@[9dd9124c39...](https://github.com/defucilis/ScriptAxis/commit/9dd9124c391d25a6a393eb5c36d0ceaaf2fdf417)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 12:37:06 by Defucilis

feat: Implement backend for UpdateScript (+ lots of refactoring)

+ Holy shit that was painful

---
## [alirezzazm/RahAsod](https://github.com/alirezzazm/RahAsod)@[b701ac55f2...](https://github.com/alirezzazm/RahAsod/commit/b701ac55f2a6f9f8b4505aabc8e9810c641bb8d9)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 12:58:33 by alireza

1399/09/20 vs 1 make panel admin and put css and jscripe in the layout admin
Fuck You Aria ;))))))

---
## [yitsushi/advent-of-code-2020](https://github.com/yitsushi/advent-of-code-2020)@[2503291ec2...](https://github.com/yitsushi/advent-of-code-2020/commit/2503291ec2e23729eb9cb253ba4441ab5dd2eb74)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 12:58:58 by Balazs Nadasdi

Screw you linter.

Linter did not like this format:

    if dx == dy && dx == 0 { continue }

Tried:

    if dx ==0 && dx == dy { continue }

It was the same, so I had to use:

    if dx == 0 && dy == 0 { continue }

But finally, I found the solution:

    if dx|dy == 0 { continue }

Why?

I hate the `dx == 0 && dy == 0` format, because it just looks awful
because of the repetition of `== 0` which is basically more
than 50% of condition.

I know, it may be easier to read, but please, it's a simple condition.

---
## [vyrzdev/vyrzdev](https://github.com/vyrzdev/vyrzdev)@[a53f663784...](https://github.com/vyrzdev/vyrzdev/commit/a53f6637846c281c1b3e30bd5abe790c48058827)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 15:09:13 by Ben Parsons-Willis

Merge pull request #1 from SamHDev/main

Fuck you sam

---
## [gerryjtierney/aardvark](https://github.com/gerryjtierney/aardvark)@[5af7c6c317...](https://github.com/gerryjtierney/aardvark/commit/5af7c6c3175352077d92c6c20d367659da0e58dd)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 16:16:54 by gerryjtierney

added termination time to bookings

added termination time to breakfast bookings, set currently at 1 hour, will change to 12 hours and roll out to lunch and dinner

---
## [NewDEV-github/Foxy-Adventure](https://github.com/NewDEV-github/Foxy-Adventure)@[09fca6ca57...](https://github.com/NewDEV-github/Foxy-Adventure/commit/09fca6ca57ddb76836121c1c2aae589942ceb1d4)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 16:24:06 by Neo

[Verse 1] Hey hey, now everyone we have a new guest! There goes another one that I put to rest Here in the underground, I have to confess There's no place, oh-whoa, quite this dark, no-o whoa But I'll be here with you, along for the ride Where nightmares are all real, so try not to cry Okay, I take it back, I really don't mind No escape, oh-whoa, from your fate no-o whoa  [Pre-Chorus] Makes you wonder, doеsn't it? Which one of us, opposites Is the wеak baby here? I think it's pretty clear  [Chorus] So don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, crying Don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, baby Don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, crying Don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, crying when it hurts   [Verse 2] Down down, below we go, so follow me quickly This time I pull the strings, my puppet, how lovely Hang onto every word, this plan is too easy Watch it play, ay-yee-ay, here on the stage Are you ready for my performance tonight? Under the lights, under the lights, whoa, oh, oh, oh Did you really think that I'd let you survive? Another night, another night, no-oh-uh-oh  [Chorus] So don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, crying Don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, baby Don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, crying Don't come crying to me Don't come crying, don't come crying, crying when it hurts  [Bridge] Oh you thought that you could control me? Oh you thought I was yours to own me? You can cry, but you listen closely Baby I'm sorry, I'm not sorry!

---
## [olivertren/advent-of-code](https://github.com/olivertren/advent-of-code)@[904bb186de...](https://github.com/olivertren/advent-of-code/commit/904bb186de6b775f97e47942b0d9d56ad01f8336)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 17:04:49 by Oliver Ren

Captain's Log 2020 Day 8: It has been so long since our sleigh crash landed on the Antarctic shore that I'm not sure if I'm hallucinating or not, but I see Newton creeping up behind me. The crew are telling me that it is just an illusion and that I have nothing to worry about, but I fear the lack of sleep may be getting to them because when I double back, I see footsteps in the ice. I hope the howling winds die down tomorrow, so we can sleep well tonight and get our wits back. Everyone appears to be a little on edge, yours truly included. I just hope we do not turn on one another.

---
## [PinkMilkProductions/VirtualFortress2](https://github.com/PinkMilkProductions/VirtualFortress2)@[b294d8990a...](https://github.com/PinkMilkProductions/VirtualFortress2/commit/b294d8990a0a75d787c6ba121fea427d9e22960b)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 17:07:56 by Herr Fristi

WE GET GAME FRAMES IN THE HMD HOLY SHIT

FUCK YES FINALLY
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA

---
## [Free-IPTV/Countries](https://github.com/Free-IPTV/Countries)@[9a118dbfda...](https://github.com/Free-IPTV/Countries/commit/9a118dbfdaf7bed9a721b657a4e777436430eb83)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 18:22:28 by Free-IPTV

Today one change, read extended description.

NBC News Now removed, It´s so terrible... Stocking... Loading... it´s from Pluto TV, fucking shit performance, Sorry, removed! PLUTO TV, make better Performance, Invest in your SERVER!

---
## [TownyAdvanced/Towny](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/Towny)@[f84771661b...](https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/Towny/commit/f84771661b700cd3cc7876fde79de629ec3e3927)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 19:00:20 by FlagCourier

Create TownPreUnclaimCmdEvent, Relocate and extend Town(Pre)UnclaimEvents. (#4537)

* Move `Town(Pre)UnclaimEvent` to the `...events.town` package

- Deprecate at old locations with deprecation messages.
- Add cancellation messages to the TownPreUnclaimEvent
- Add a generic language string.
- Change TownyDatabaseHandler constructor from public to protected. We're in an abstract class, so only other package members can even access this.

In deprecated methods, the [VERSION] will need to be changed post-merge, as I have no idea when that could be.

* Create event to catch unclaim commands for war systems

- Creates WarPreUnclaimEvent
  - Cancellable
  - Default message from previous commit.
  - Event runs where FlagWar used to check if the town was under attack, or was attacked recently.
  - Usable by other war systems wishing to hook into it; it makes the town, resident, and TownyWorld available.
  - Accessible through  the war.common package.
- Creates TownyCommonListener in flagwar.listeners
  - Handles the WarPreUnclaimEvent with the previously mentioned executions.
  - May be refactored post-split, but intended to listen to any events in war.common.event package.
- Register TownyCommonListener within FlagWar (as opposed to Towny)

* Add a breaking return to TownyCommonListener

Prevent second if from overwriting the first's message.

* Re-pkg WarPreUnclaimEvent as TownPreUnclaimCmdEvent in `event.town` pkg.

Makes a bit more sense, when you think about it. It's capable of being called by more than just war plugins, and fragmenting events into separate packages within the same project is insane on it's own.

Added note to class Javadoc about potential confusion with TownyPreUnclaimEvent.

Thanks to @Silverwolfg11 and @LlmDl for discussing this and offering the suggestion.

* Add Javadocs to TownPreUnclaimCmdEvent's methods.

Just filling in documentation.

* Bump remaining language files to 0.93

I guess someone forgot to bump them? Adds relevant keys from this PR and https://github.com/TownyAdvanced/Towny/commit/b910e2b9b273d2eaf33ebc9163c57dde1569bc76

* Merge TownyCommonListener into FlagWarCustomListener

* Early return to removeTownBlock on catch. Implement Log4j2 I/O

Adds an early return if the TownBlock has no valid town.
Implements Log4J 2, replacing System.out.

* Annotate Nullable contract for getTown

See [Jetbrains Annotations: Nullable and NotNull](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/nullable-and-notnull-annotations.html#notnull)

* Remove a return in TDH#removeTownBlock(); add Nullable to TUE#getTown()

The town is allowed to be null, the TownPreUnclaimCmdEvent simply cancels itself if it is.

---
## [oridistor/openapi3](https://github.com/oridistor/openapi3)@[d183d051b8...](https://github.com/oridistor/openapi3/commit/d183d051b8428e154d27586cac894923dcb1009b)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 20:35:39 by Matthias Weckbecker

openapi3 python package

Hi Will,

thank you very much for your kind response!

I was working on a few more things meanwhile. I have attached additional
patches to this mail. They all are based on the patches from my previous
two mails.

Maybe you could have a look at them, too? Feel free to adjust anything
you would like.

All the best for your product release and thank you very much!

Matthias

On Tue, 11 Jun 2019 14:47:48 -0400
Will Smith <wsmith@linode.com> wrote:

> Matthias,
>
> Sorry for the late reply, and thank you for your contributions!  I
> haven't yet had a chance to look at them (I've been prepping for a
> new product release at Linode, which has consumed most of my time),
> and to be honest I'd been putting of responding to this email until
> I'd gone over them, but it's been too long already. I expect to have
> this project wrapped up tomorrow, and will go over these immediately
> after.  I'll also hop onto freenode at that time.
>
> Thank you again, and thank you for your patience!
>
> Will
> Lead Developer :: Linode
>
> On Thu, Jun 6, 2019 at 3:51 AM Matthias Weckbecker
> <matthias@weckbecker.name> wrote:
>
> > Hey William!
> >
> > I really love your openapi3 package! I have done a couple of
> > changes to it according to your roadmap and would like to ask you
> > to review please?
> >
> > Do you think it would be possible to commit them and release a
> > 0.0.2 on pypi.org?
> >
> > I am attaching all my changes to this mail. git-am(1) can apply
> > them to the repository.
> >
> > Thank you so much!
> > Matthias
> >
> > PS: I am on freenode (nick: mweckbecker) in #linode should you want
> > to discuss anything regarding openapi3. I'm happy to contribute
> > much more.

From 93a2dd8ea6b1805fd7066163b41594685be0118b Mon Sep 17 00:00:00 2001
From: Matthias Weckbecker <matthias@weckbecker.name>
Date: Wed, 12 Jun 2019 12:56:41 +0200
Subject: [PATCH 13/18] Consistent quoting

Use single quote instead of a mix of single and double quotes.

Signed-off-by: Matthias Weckbecker <matthias@weckbecker.name>

---
## [Temulgeh/NSIProjet](https://github.com/Temulgeh/NSIProjet)@[cd5b5b3a91...](https://github.com/Temulgeh/NSIProjet/commit/cd5b5b3a9171cbcbb26a1edcc516f989cba7ef6c)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 21:58:08 by Temulgeh

Merge branch 'main' of https://github.com/Temulgeh/NSIProjet into main
fuck you

---
## [29jm/SnowflakeOS](https://github.com/29jm/SnowflakeOS)@[51d673f905...](https://github.com/29jm/SnowflakeOS/commit/51d673f9059cf53c75b2dffc2c89c08a14962716)
#### Friday 2020-12-11 23:48:47 by Johan Manuel

Doom: OMG Edition

Damn.

Still can't believe anything runs on this. As a big fan of both 2016 and
Eternal, this is indeed a glorious day.

There's a bug when loading a save, and the key press drops make the game
hard to enjoy reliably, but hell, it does work!

I had to supply an implementation for some rather obscure calls (such as
the now beloved `__divdi3`), and my initial naive attempts didn't quite
satisfy doom. This should explain the added `arith64.c` file; many
thanks to its author, linked within. Perhaps it'd be better to link with
libgcc, but right let's not.

---

# [<](2020-12-10.md) 2020-12-11 [>](2020-12-12.md)

