# [<](2020-03-15.md) 2020-03-16 [>](2020-03-17.md)

2,471,289 events, 1,138,844 push events, 1,822,569 commit messages, 137,840,001 characters


## [HackQuarantine/hq-platform-theme](https://github.com/HackQuarantine/hq-platform-theme)@[7bd5780ae9...](https://github.com/HackQuarantine/hq-platform-theme/commit/7bd5780ae9fff85e6d94558ed526f1b501330b20)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 00:23:44 by Josh

OH BOY I SURE DO LOVE HOW RSYNC MAKES MY LIFE SO EASY

---
## [LoneGazebo/Community-Patch-DLL](https://github.com/LoneGazebo/Community-Patch-DLL)@[ab6067541e...](https://github.com/LoneGazebo/Community-Patch-DLL/commit/ab6067541e502f1ced820d9490cd6e4bed9c0696)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 00:33:07 by HeathcliffWarriors

Fix idiotic typo

I can't believe I missed that. *facepalms*

---
## [leahfortier/pokemon](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon)@[fef27aec23...](https://github.com/leahfortier/pokemon/commit/fef27aec236e286165b71bc57bc8914879912510)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 01:24:50 by leahfortier

nature mints!

- mints are created similar to TMs instead of manually
- also decided to give every neutral nature it's own mint instead of just serious because why not not everyone has to be so serious sometimes you can just be cute and bashful and it's not the same fucking thing in lore
- note: currently the images are failing the size test (28 pixels wide with current max of 25), but thinking this is gonna happen a lot and will deal with at the end of items and might need to increase the item size and just like want more data before resizing shit
- though now I'm also noticing that there's like a white outline around the mint images and I'm not psyched about that :(

---
## [mmmmmmfffffffffff/UX308Midterm](https://github.com/mmmmmmfffffffffff/UX308Midterm)@[484087cd56...](https://github.com/mmmmmmfffffffffff/UX308Midterm/commit/484087cd562bfb6a0b72be0407b04fde7f839f24)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 01:28:37 by mikayla.f.ferraro

Create Post “2020-03-15-hallmark-christmas-movies-how-can-we-love-and-hate-something-at-the-same-time”

---
## [fadlyas07/android_kernel_xiaomi_msm8917_10.0](https://github.com/fadlyas07/android_kernel_xiaomi_msm8917_10.0)@[9fe699f5f0...](https://github.com/fadlyas07/android_kernel_xiaomi_msm8917_10.0/commit/9fe699f5f09c121df073ce8fbba0dc322c508989)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 02:21:48 by Masahiro Yamada

BACKPORT: modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
Link: https://git.kernel.org/linus/ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Albert I <kras@raphielgang.org>

---
## [TinyRetroWarehouse/JZ47xx_linux](https://github.com/TinyRetroWarehouse/JZ47xx_linux)@[c7084edc3f...](https://github.com/TinyRetroWarehouse/JZ47xx_linux/commit/c7084edc3f6d67750f50d4183134c4fb5712a5c8)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 03:29:45 by Greg Kroah-Hartman

tty: mark Siemens R3964 line discipline as BROKEN

The n_r3964 line discipline driver was written in a different time, when
SMP machines were rare, and users were trusted to do the right thing.
Since then, the world has moved on but not this code, it has stayed
rooted in the past with its lovely hand-crafted list structures and
loads of "interesting" race conditions all over the place.

After attempting to clean up most of the issues, I just gave up and am
now marking the driver as BROKEN so that hopefully someone who has this
hardware will show up out of the woodwork (I know you are out there!)
and will help with debugging a raft of changes that I had laying around
for the code, but was too afraid to commit as odds are they would break
things.

Many thanks to Jann and Linus for pointing out the initial problems in
this codebase, as well as many reviews of my attempts to fix the issues.
It was a case of whack-a-mole, and as you can see, the mole won.

Reported-by: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [Trogdor106/TheGame](https://github.com/Trogdor106/TheGame)@[303ef9be43...](https://github.com/Trogdor106/TheGame/commit/303ef9be43c4b6e825b65ac1e800389a9e6c4277)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 04:01:41 by NuclearCosmo

A lot

Also fuck your due dates don't tell me what to do

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[03bfbaa4cf...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/03bfbaa4cf8f0101e1a77ed98f08b0bb54740450)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 07:47:23 by Whoneedspacee

changes king goat arena to use the portal landmark system (#49735)

About The Pull Request

Permanent portals no longer randomly select a portal to use as their exit, and instead stick with the first one they find, they're supposed to only have one linked portal anyways.

Adds a portal exit landmark, one-way portals use this to define their exit as opposed to the weird as hell and pointless portal deletion system I was using before, also nice for mapping since they have different icons so you can more easily tell which is which.

Adds One-Use portals, they're just one-way portals that delete after they're used, was requested for a reference off-station thing someone was making, probably also useful for things like mobs that die and spawn portals to an area, most likely will be used in ice moon.

Goat ruin was the only thing using the permanent portal system for ruins so far since VR hub got removed, so I just moved that over to use the landmarks.
Why It's Good For The Game

The old code is garbage I wrote like a year ago because it was packaged with VR hub, and someone added copy-pasta at some point, absolutely terrible. This cuts down on a lot.
Changelog

🆑
refactor: Permanent Portal fixes and One-Way Portal improvements for mapping.
/🆑

---
## [FlagBrew/Sharkive](https://github.com/FlagBrew/Sharkive)@[870001680b...](https://github.com/FlagBrew/Sharkive/commit/870001680ba08b3f0d67f16e7c852e5705b4656f)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 09:30:35 by Journey

DB Update

Sorry that there hasn't really been any updates to the database in a while, life has just been kinda idk all over the place and prob will continue to be that way for a long time.. We need more PR's!

---
## [fergusshone/swd2_2020](https://github.com/fergusshone/swd2_2020)@[17db929e1e...](https://github.com/fergusshone/swd2_2020/commit/17db929e1e0989e984781bf15db106df14f04b46)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 10:23:02 by Jonny Bolton

When the tears come streaming down your face
When you lose something you can't replace
When you love someone but it goes to waste
Could it be worse?

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[adce3f1e5f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/adce3f1e5f1437e22ea1cc5eeea46a13a6acbe5b)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 11:11:40 by Marko Grdinić

"8:20am. I am up. Let me chill for a while before I start. I've done a lot of thinking on row polymorphism and I think I know how to fit the rules even though it might be awkward in places.

8:50am. Yesterday I looked up the spoilers for Hellrage and it seems amazing. I was right that the thing seemed promising. I'll definitely be taking that wild ride.

Oh right, today is Monday. Let me go for Tog, read a bit more and then I'll resume the Purescript book.

Here are some Hellrage quotes from the archive.

"Man Hellrage turned out a lot better than I thought. I was turned off by the start but the MC is turning out to be delightfully DEVILISH.
>launch an attack on the royal capital
>know you have little chance of defeating the First Knights and their captain
>capture the daughters of the knights to serve as hostages and bring them to the scene of the battle
>every time the knight captain strikes you down you leave your previous undead container behind and possess a new girl
>this shakes the morale of the knights but doesn’t break them completely
>the captain, in an act of desperation, launches an attack at the girls despite the protests of his underlings
>kills them all and the MC at the same time to prevent the MC from reviving
>the MC just laughs and arrives in yet another body she prepared outside the capital walls and mocks the captain for his convenient thinking"

"MC of this one is pretty brutal. She's a ghost type undead so she can possess any girl who was about the same age as her when she died, 10ish. She has her undead minions capture girls that fit that age that are related to the knight order and then use them like hostages and substitute bodies while fighting when she was besieging the castle in the capital. Eventually one of the knight guys who didn't have any relatives there blasted all the girls together which created a bunch of rage among themselves. Then she had her minions bring out another ten girls to heighten the despair. After capturing the knight commander and her uncle who took the throne from her father, she puts a necromantic curse on both of them, crucifies them and then lets undead eat them while they regenerate due to the curse.

With the capital taken care of she sends her minions off towards other towns to attack them too.

Despite the story saying strongest undead. She's not really all powerful, she had to resort to those body substitute methods because the knight commander was too strong for her to fight head on.

Basically can anyone think of any other stories like this where the MC's are actually villainous?"

9:15am. Let me finally start. It is time to finish the book.

9:30am. https://leanpub.com/purescript/read#leanpub-auto-defining-foreign-types

This stuff is pretty interesting.

This kind of JS interop is similar to what I would do for Spiral.

10am. Ah, focus! Why am I reading Ocaml threads!?

10:20am. https://leanpub.com/purescript/read#leanpub-auto-monadic-adventures

I skimmed the FFI chapter. I won't really focus too much on learning the language itself. Purescript will be a weird case for me - I won't get much experience using it, but I will get deeply familiar with its source.

10:35am. Though I am familiar with monads, the case is different for transformers. This is one subject where I could use more skill...but it is not terribly important at the moment.

10:45am.

```
> :browse Control.Monad.State.Class
class (Monad m) <= MonadState s m where
  state :: forall a. (s -> Tuple a s) -> m a

get :: forall m s. MonadState s m => m s

gets :: forall s m a. MonadState s m => (s -> a) -> m a

modify :: forall s m. MonadState s m => (s -> s) -> m s

modify_ :: forall s m. MonadState s m => (s -> s) -> m Unit

put :: forall m s. MonadState s m => s -> m Unit

state :: forall a m s. MonadState s m => (s -> Tuple a s) -> m a
```

I admit, seeing these definitions surprised me at first. I guess they got rid of the `T`s at the end. This is good.

10:50am. No, actually they haven't. It is all there. I am a bit confused as to what the connection between the monad typeclass definition is, and the stuff I see in the main modules, but that is not important. Something of this complexity is manageable.

11:20am. https://leanpub.com/purescript/read#leanpub-auto-generative-testing

Will this be randomized testing. Yeah, typeclasses would make this sort of thing much easier.

11:35am. https://leanpub.com/purescript/read#leanpub-auto-domain-specific-languages

Time for the last chapter. I am really skimming this, but I do not have to spend too much on this.

11:55am. I am done. I skimmed this so fact that I haven't actually gotten what the Free monad is - I knew this years ago when I studied it, but it slipped from my memory. Something about monadic computation using algebraic datatypes - I forgot. I never used them, and it does not really matter.

From here on out, I'll forget about Purescript itself for a while and focus on its source. This will take a while as it is 20-25k, but I do not think the language itself should be too complex.

12pm. I have a good feeling about this. The best thing to do here is to just start. Just like I studied the plugins, this time I will get everything I can from the Purs compiler. I've been making really tepid progress over the past month, but from here on out I will be doing exactly what I need to be doing.

12:05pm. But for the time being it is time for that break."

---
## [microsoft/terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)@[f1d3136a24...](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/commit/f1d3136a24b1bc6df51c1adb81f7a5dd0b34c9f8)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 12:55:38 by Mike Griese

Maintain scrollbar position during a resize operation (#4903)

## Summary of the Pull Request

Currently, when the user resizes the Terminal, we'll snap the visible viewport back to the bottom of the buffer. This PR changes the visible viewport of the Terminal to instead remain in the same relative location it was before the resize.  

## References
Made possible by our sponsors at #4741, and listeners like you. 

## PR Checklist
* [x] Closes #3494
* [x] I work here
* [ ] Tests added/passed
* [n/a] Requires documentation to be updated

## Detailed Description of the Pull Request / Additional comments

We already hated the `std::optional<short>&` thing I yeet'd into #4741 right at the end to replace a `short*`. So I was already going to change that to a `std::optional<std::reference_wrapper<short>>`, which is more idomatic. But then I was looking through the list of bugs and #3494 caught my eye. I realized it would be trivial to not only track the top of the `mutableViewport` during a resize, but we could use the same code path to track the _visible_ viewport's start as well. 

So basically I'm re-using that bit of code in `Reflow` to calculate the visible viewport's position too.

## Validation Steps Performed

Gotta love just resizing things all day, errday

---
## [PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding](https://github.com/PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding)@[0a661d4de4...](https://github.com/PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding/commit/0a661d4de4145d95e5abb42e6a69d14feecb23fe)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 12:58:25 by LocalIdentity

1.4.162.1

Add support for Cluster Jewels on the tree
Add support for many of the new Notables from cluster jewels
Add new 3.10 skill gems and skill gem balance tweaks
Full support for Kinetic Bolt, Stormbind Bladeblast and Second Wind
Arcane Cloak, Spellslinger and Archmage Support are not supported properly for DPS calculations
Add new 3.10 uniques
Add back oils to tree, now with a picture of the oil on the notable
Add Paradoxica to unique selection menu
Add support for "if you have Stunned an Enemy Recently"
Add support for active brand limit and Sign of Purpose
Add conditional more multiplier of Groundslam for nearby enemies
Add support for mana spent recently mods
Add support for Unencumbered from the Hollow Palm Keystone
Add Perforate DPS calculations in Blood Stance
Update elusive values to 3.10
Update temple jewels to their 3.10 variants
Fix Rigwalds Curse with 3.10 passive tree nodes
Fix typo in Ascendant Deadeye/Longshot notable
Fix parsing of mods applied to spell skills
Fix Slayer Impact node calculation
Fix parsing of warcry cooldown override on Al Dhih
Fix Ballista placement speed
Consolidate resistances into single line in sidebar

---
## [vincent-wagner/HFU](https://github.com/vincent-wagner/HFU)@[82062f3ae8...](https://github.com/vincent-wagner/HFU/commit/82062f3ae87eea6914aaf08a4c1c14f2296b8d5f)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 13:15:23 by SnakeWithAnA

added 100 more convoys to germany

earlier in a SP test I ran out of convoys to trade with so fuck you

---
## [PainKiller3/kernel_xiaomi_sdm845](https://github.com/PainKiller3/kernel_xiaomi_sdm845)@[498d8802c9...](https://github.com/PainKiller3/kernel_xiaomi_sdm845/commit/498d8802c9f62e8019347bf34fedea8512a94c3f)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 14:28:55 by Yaroslav Furman

fs: block MAGNETAR

Bye bye. We do not want anyone to fuck with throttling.

Signed-off-by: Yaroslav Furman <yaro330@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Henrique Pereira <hlcpereira@pixelexperience.org>
Signed-off-by: PainKiller3 <ninadpatil100@gmail.com>

---
## [cockroachdb/cockroach](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach)@[487521f58e...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/487521f58ea80292ba6694a9e610cf63017c6656)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 15:53:14 by craig[bot]

Merge #45962 #46048 #46059 #46099 #46124

45962:  sql: re-add GC job on schema element deletion r=pbardea a=pbardea

This commit creates GC jobs upon the deletion of an index, table or
database. Similarly to the previous implementation, it considers the
walltime at which the schema change completed to be the drop time of the
schema element.

Release note (sql change): Previously, after deleting an index, table,
or database the relevant schema change job would change its running
status to waiting for GC TTL. The schema change and the GC process are
now decoupled into 2 jobs.

Release justification: This is a follow up to the migration of turning
schema changes into actual jobs. This commit re-adds the ability to
properly GC indexes and tables.

46048: docgen: update savepoint-related definitions, bnfs r=rmloveland a=rmloveland

This change updates the syntax diagram definitions and generated BNF for
several SAVEPOINT-related statements, specifically:

- Add the SHOW SAVEPOINT STATUS statement to the list of syntax diagrams
  generated by pkg/cmd/docgen

- Add the SHOW SAVEPOINT STATUS BNF file to the other generated BNF
  files

- Update ROLLBACK TO SAVEPOINT to note that the savepoint name does not
  have to be 'cockroach_restart'

It uses the changes in #45794, which enabled docgen for SHOW SAVEPOINT
STATUS.

It is part of the work surrounding #45566, which added preliminary SQL
savepoints support.

Release justification: low-risk update to documentation diagrams

Release note: None

46059: sql: add the 'every' aggregate function r=rohany a=rohany

Fixes #45842.

Release justification: low risk update to functionality
Release note (sql change): This PR adds the `every` aggregate function.

46099: pgwire: add telemetry for portal related requests r=rohany a=otan

Resolves https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/issues/43763 by covering the happy case.

This PR adds telemetry everytime a "limitedCommandResult" is made, which
signifies jdbc streaming.

Release justification: simply telemetry.

Release note: None

46124: sql,cli: improve the handling of notices r=otan a=knz

Fixes #45833.

tldr:
- notices printed at end in SQL shell (requested by @RaduBerinde),
- new built-in function `crdb_internal.notice()`,
- notices can now be logged with vmodule `notices=2`,
- code simplification.

Details:

The main purpose of this patch was to delay the printing
of notices in the crdb SQL shell to the end, after the results.

The motivation for that is that if there are many (e.g. thousands) of
result rows, a notice printed at the beginning or "in the middle"
would get drowned and missed by the human observer.

This patch achieves that with a straightforward, local change to the
CLI SQL code.

To unit test the change, a way to introduce notices at an arbitrary
point of query execution was also needed. To achieve this, the patch
introduces a new SQL built-in function `crdb_internal.notice()` with
the corresponding plumbing throughout the execution layers. This makes
it possible to send an out-of-band notice in the middle of SQL
execution. The unit test for the first changes already uses this new
built-in; I also foresee that we will discover that our users will
start using that in fancy ways that we are not envisioning yet.

To troubleshoot the implementation of the above, a way to inspect
the notices inside the SQL execution layer was needed; so this
patch also ensures notices are logged when the vmodule config
includes `notices=2`.

Finally, the various changes discussed here revealed that
the notice code in the SQL execution package could be simplified, so
this patch does this too.

Release justification: Category 4: Low risk, high reward changes to existing functionality

Release note (cli change): The `sql` and `demo` client commands now
display out-of-band server notices at the end of execution.

Co-authored-by: Paul Bardea <pbardea@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Rich Loveland <rich@cockroachlabs.com>
Co-authored-by: Rohan Yadav <rohany@alumni.cmu.edu>
Co-authored-by: Oliver Tan <otan@cockroachlabs.com>
Co-authored-by: Raphael 'kena' Poss <knz@thaumogen.net>

---
## [blue-door/Bibe](https://github.com/blue-door/Bibe)@[de85aaa9a6...](https://github.com/blue-door/Bibe/commit/de85aaa9a6c2186a8823ab22971e8b202bd1d317)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 16:59:39 by Aljoscha Lipski

removed .vs folder

Sorry for uploading this shit. I am a stupid fuck

Co-Authored-By: benbausch <benbausch@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [penglezos/kernel_xiaomi_raphael](https://github.com/penglezos/kernel_xiaomi_raphael)@[330a073991...](https://github.com/penglezos/kernel_xiaomi_raphael/commit/330a07399164c9e11dac44178e58e1f866b344e5)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 17:21:34 by UtsavisGreat

techpack: audio: unguard TARGET_PRODUCT definations for raphael

fuck you meme

Signed-off-by: UtsavisGreat <utsavbalar1231@gmail.com>

---
## [SailorSat/cabmame](https://github.com/SailorSat/cabmame)@[819af3ced9...](https://github.com/SailorSat/cabmame/commit/819af3ced97dcfbd561cb3015b5bb02787e9a657)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 22:11:02 by Firehawke

Late January Apple II update. (#6208)

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord (Version 2.1), Wizardry II: The Knight of Diamonds (Version PV3S2V1/10-MAR-82), Wiziprint (Version 2.1), Amazon, Lords of Karma, Xyphus, Chess (Odesta) (Version 7.0) [4am, Firehawke]

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_clcracked: What's My Logic? (Version 1.0) (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_orig: Rambo: First Blood Part II, New World, Quest for the Scarlet Letter, Cuban Fantasy, Neuromancer, The Dark Heart of Uukrul, The Breckenridge Caper of 1798, Amnesia, Gold Rush! (Version 1.0M), Questprobe featuring The Hulk (Version 2.3/127) [4am, Firehawke]

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Horizon V, Crown of Arthain, Diamond Mine, The Abyssal Zone  [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: Diascriptive Reading I (cleanly cracked), Air Navigation Trainer (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

---
## [civicrm/civicrm-core](https://github.com/civicrm/civicrm-core)@[74effac4f3...](https://github.com/civicrm/civicrm-core/commit/74effac4f391e5daa8d0d43eecbe9f1350b75dfc)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 22:29:26 by Tim Otten

(POC) Add `hook_civicrm_postCommit`, a variant of `hook_civicrm_post`

Overview
--------

So here's a pattern that's occurred a few times: one wants to provide an
extra notification or log or correlated-record after something is chanaged
or created.  So you implement `hook_civicrm_post`.  It sounds simple, but it
doesn't work quite as expected - because running within the transaction can
have some special implications:

1. Performing subsequent SQL queries within the same transaction be wonky
2. Errors in your notification bubble-up and break the transaction.

You can resolve this by deferring your work until the transaction completes. The
technique has been discussed in various media over the years; e.g. here's a mention in the dev docs:

https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/hooks/hook_civicrm_post/#example-with-transaction-callback

However, I think the problem may be that the default is basically backwards: there are more use-cases
for 'post' hook in which you prefer to run *after the transaction commits*, but doing that case requires
the special incantation.

This patch is a proof-of-concept in which the system provides two hooks:

* `hook_civicrm_post`: Runs immediately after the change is *sent* to the DB.
  If there's a SQL transaction, then it runs *within* the transaction.
* `hook_civicrm_postCommit`: Runs after the change is *committed* to the DB.
  Runs outside of any SQL transactions.

My theory is that more developers would run their logic at the correct time
if they had `postCommit` available as a hook (and, of course, the downstream
code would look tidier).  This isn't really a pain-point for me, so I'm not
super-motivated to push it, and I haven't looked very hard for systemic
side-effects of buffering more posts.  However, I think it could provide
better DX (making it easier for more folks to get the right timing), so I
wanted to share the POC.

Before
------

```php
/**
 * Hook fired after the INSERT/UPDATE is sent to the DB
 */
function hook_civicrm_post($op, $objectName, $objectId, &$objectRef)
```

After
------

```php
/**
 * Hook fired after the INSERT/UPDATE is sent to the DB
 */
function hook_civicrm_post($op, $objectName, $objectId, &$objectRef);

/**
 * Hook fired after the record is committed to the DB.
 * This may be immediate (for non-transactional work) or it may be
 * delayed a few milliseconds (for transactional work).
 */
function hook_civicrm_postCommit($op, $objectName, $objectId, $objectRef);
```

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[49fb5d8d64...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/49fb5d8d64f5141b79d294f5ca3b4e2b8870586a)
#### Monday 2020-03-16 23:45:19 by Saqib Ali

Deep learning for mechanical property evaluation | MIT News. Deep learning for mechanical property evaluation | MIT News. Deep learning-based automated speech detection as a marker of social functioning in late-life depression  - Northumbria Research Link. Inter IKEA Group Deep Learning Specialist – Lead Visual data science | SmartRecruiters. Postdoctoral Researcher in Deep Learning for Time Series. Deep learning rethink overcomes major obstacle in AI industry. Weights &amp; Biases - Deep Learning Research Intern. Deep learning rethink overcomes major obstacle in AI industry. Deep learning rethink overcomes major obstacle in AI industry. Deep learning rethink overcomes major obstacle in AI industry.

---

# [<](2020-03-15.md) 2020-03-16 [>](2020-03-17.md)

