# [<](2020-06-21.md) 2020-06-22 [>](2020-06-23.md)

2,473,198 events, 1,209,118 push events, 1,976,320 commit messages, 154,802,189 characters


## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[c32b9544a5...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/c32b9544a5f82244f9e93be609cd000bd532b08e)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 01:37:44 by Wire

ok fine byond fuck you we're gonna do this old school

---
## [WireGuard/wireguard-linux](https://github.com/WireGuard/wireguard-linux)@[c1f9cbafeb...](https://github.com/WireGuard/wireguard-linux/commit/c1f9cbafeb209da3aefed8370c79ddd81f432aee)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 03:26:48 by Jason A. Donenfeld

Revert "kernel/printk: add kmsg SEEK_CUR handling"

This reverts commit 8ece3b3eb576a78d2e67ad4c3a80a39fa6708809.

This commit broke userspace. Bash uses ESPIPE to determine whether or
not the file should be read using "unbuffered I/O", which means reading
1 byte at a time instead of 128 bytes at a time. I used to use bash to
read through kmsg in a really quite nasty way:

    while read -t 0.1 -r line 2>/dev/null || [[ $? -ne 142 ]]; do
       echo "SARU $line"
    done < /dev/kmsg

This will show all lines that can fit into the 128 byte buffer, and skip
lines that don't. That's pretty awful, but at least it worked.

With this change, bash now tries to do 1-byte reads, which means it
skips all the lines, which is worse than before.

Now, I don't really care very much about this, and I'm already look for
a workaround. But I did just spend an hour trying to figure out why my
scripts were broken. Either way, it makes no difference to me personally
whether this is reverted, but it might be something to consider. If you
declare that "trying to read /dev/kmsg with bash is terminally stupid
anyway," I might be inclined to agree with you. But do note that bash
uses lseek(fd, 0, SEEK_CUR)==>ESPIPE to determine whether or not it's
reading from a pipe.

Cc: Bruno Meneguele <bmeneg@redhat.com>
Cc: pmladek@suse.com
Cc: sergey.senozhatsky@gmail.com
Cc: rostedt@goodmis.org
Cc: David.Laight@ACULAB.COM
Cc: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Cc: Sergey Senozhatsky <sergey.senozhatsky@gmail.com>
Cc: Petr Mladek <pmladek@suse.com>
Signed-off-by: Jason A. Donenfeld <Jason@zx2c4.com>

---
## [super-cilious/corecommon](https://github.com/super-cilious/corecommon)@[e5051ab951...](https://github.com/super-cilious/corecommon/commit/e5051ab9510c6d7469a1baa9d99f8423c3b1c0b6)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 03:45:23 by thomasqm

WHAT THE FUCK

HOLY FUCKNIG SHIT WHAT IN THE GODDAMN HELL

---
## [VitaRox/Android-Dev](https://github.com/VitaRox/Android-Dev)@[d515cd538e...](https://github.com/VitaRox/Android-Dev/commit/d515cd538ef31ef1ba8a60977a09ee72bda99db7)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 04:04:46 by Vita

- My fucking IDE stopped offering suggestions for imports, so fucking this fucking cunt-ass bullshit for tonight;
- Kiss my fucking ass

---
## [z2oh/jvox](https://github.com/z2oh/jvox)@[901bfb4020...](https://github.com/z2oh/jvox/commit/901bfb402043d51c20be7edb76c44b251b8f2b37)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 05:28:39 by Jeremy Day

update everything

the result of lots of little independent experiments, including:
 * refactoring render context module
 * introducing a (totally unused) debug pass
 * updated the shaders to be more interesting, they select from an HSV
   wheel
 * added a MeshBuilder abstraction to start procedurally generating
   some meshes. so far it works, but I'm probably doing something
   horrible with quaternions
    - so far quads and cubes can be built
 * added moving up and down
 * recalculate the mesh every frame (lol) with the vertex positions
   updated as a sin function of time

it is starting to get painful to work in the codebase; i desperately need
to introduce some abstractions around working with wgpu
buffers/textures. this will be the first step in becoming more
"engine-like"

---
## [MuGaber/WikiMVC-TS](https://github.com/MuGaber/WikiMVC-TS)@[7124d2013f...](https://github.com/MuGaber/WikiMVC-TS/commit/7124d2013f39eb303c1e0e291091fa473dd8763f)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 06:25:06 by Muhamed Gaber

Enable hot reloading 

Ihab accept my Facebook friend request god damn it.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[31d324e4ab...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/31d324e4ab68141675b808ffce9ee7ff891be278)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 07:46:31 by Marko Grdinić

"9:20am. Yesterday I've really gotten into Dungeon Meshi and am halfway through. It is an amazing ride. Now that I do not have work, I can really get into it properly. 10/10. Had I read something like this 1-2 decades ago, it would have been my reason for getting into manga. It was the SnoopyCool and Ripper's Anime era when I started this trip.

9:25am. How about I continue my vacation into today?

If I look inside myself, it is not like I lack the determination necessarily. I do feel it, but I still feel overloaded. I should just read Dungeon Meshi for another day and when I am over this issue dive in. A lot of stuff needs to be done to do editor support, but I can only focus on programming when I am not worried about other things. It is not like I need to do it literally ASAP.

It is important, but not so much that I have to act like a robot about it.

9:35am. Let me just play around today as well. Proving my determination is important, but understanding that I am free is important as well.

Being able to play games or read manga without any other concerns is an amazing feeling that I lost when I started programming.

If you start programming in the morning and finish at 6pm, even with breaks inbetween, it is not the same thing as having the whole day to yourself. Even if I stop at 6pm on paper, I am mentally exhausted at that point and can't really enjoy things properly. It is also hard for me to plug out of the programming mindset.

9:40am. I'll indulge myself for just a little bit longer. I'll let Dungeon Meshi heal me and then I will start.

I should post that review today on the Simulacrum blog, but I do not feel like it. Forget that for now. I'll leave work for later. Today I do not even want to touch upon that."

---
## [IvanFesenko/HellEN](https://github.com/IvanFesenko/HellEN)@[292dab6ea8...](https://github.com/IvanFesenko/HellEN/commit/292dab6ea8d02ecf3921c5a230e610d7fcb911ed)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 08:19:29 by IvanFesenko

Merge pull request #120 from IvanFesenko/registration

fucking changes =).
Yeah man. Shit happen

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5ac7540636...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5ac7540636291606de502365e5ef5ad3c3a8be74)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 11:32:06 by Marko Grdinić

"12:55pm. https://cybertrophic.wordpress.com/2019/09/30/why-posthumanism/
> Those major tenets being (1) the existence of some kind of essence of human-ness, a universal and eternal human nature that inheres in all of us and makes us fundamentally “the same” in a way that has profound moral, social and political implications, and (2) the status of humans as individuals, as indivisible selves who are the authors of their own thoughts and actions, and who have free will and agency. I believe that both of these tenets are brought into serious question by modern science and philosophy, and that they should at least provisionally be rejected.

This blog is interesting.

> And their progress has had decidedly posthumanist implications, as when Peter Singer comes to the conclusion that the pleasures and pains of all animals must count equally, not just those of humans.

Though as soon as you conclude that, you also then follow it up by concludding that evil exists for a reason.

Once you stop seeing evil as an unfortunate accident brought on by Satan but a practical necessity, you can start to make progress towards viable system of morality. The humanist tenents are a good thought experiment, but taken seriously amount to nothing more than a lobotomy.

> For a child, growing up means letting go of solipsism, letting go of the idea that one is the centre of the universe.

Nobody really believes in solipsism. Reality has a way of discouraging that practice. I haven't really been convinced that this is poor as a goal. I mean sure, seeing yourself as a product is factually true, but where can you push with that?

If you can create something as absurd as the self - which you need in order to assign ownership to power, then you can see some other ideas in a new light. Letting go of solipsism is not a sign of growing up. You can't let go something you've never had. You can only let go of the idea of having it. Not dwelling in daydreams is growing up, but too many people, lessers all of them, decide that this means the dream is not worth it.

> For (post)humanity, escaping from our infancy means engaging in the same kind word of Copernican turn: no longer seeing ourselves as something unique, special and indivisible, no longer seeing ourselves as magic, godlike minds wearing bodies, but rather as storms of flesh, continually produced and reproduced in a universe of material systems.

If you are going to go to war, what is first needed is a dream to draw the attention away from the harsh reality of combat. The person who only looks at what is in front of him is weak.

If one is going to be realistic, one needs to be realistic about ideals themselves.

1:20pm. I sure don't feel like fighting now, so I won't post this on his blog.

Usually I count my day as lasting till 6pm, so I always feel pressured, but now I am assuming I have till 12am to rest so it feels like I have a lot more free time. Tomorrow, I will endeavor to do some programming. Not because I have to, but because I want to. Because it is the right thing to do. Not because it is my job, but because it is my way of life.

After I integrate the mental changes I am making, I won't be split anymore. I made mistake being 50% programmer, and 50% high schooler (or before that, 50% trader/50% high schooler) for a long time now. I will simplify my life and strenghten my core by doing that. For somebody who is 98% of the time in his room, my life is too complicated and in need of cutting.

I'll find what I want through programming and nothing else."

---
## [expnkx/fast_io](https://github.com/expnkx/fast_io)@[515b65d1bd...](https://github.com/expnkx/fast_io/commit/515b65d1bd06cf4e647a0f829d09585a8c467a5c)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 11:41:23 by expnkx

RUST IS A STUPID GARBAGE LANGUAGES WITH CAPITALISTS' LOSERs promote it.

They claimed to be a C++ killer. (No wonder C++ is shit). However, what shit they provide?

Is rust in general any different from swift and go? Think HOW BAD AND SLOW it is. 10X slower than fast_io. 40% slower than C++ fstream(notice that fstream needs to deal with locale)

---
## [Shinmera/kandria](https://github.com/Shinmera/kandria)@[f7fd17864e...](https://github.com/Shinmera/kandria/commit/f7fd17864ed1a52b8d371db0296c5e286b8d5494)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 12:20:43 by Shinmera

Holy fuck something renders without crashing now. Amazing.

---
## [ilammy/themis](https://github.com/ilammy/themis)@[60c4d57de1...](https://github.com/ilammy/themis/commit/60c4d57de164da14a5c8e90cd2b29bc87c143096)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 12:51:11 by Alexei Lozovsky

ObjCThemis: Secure Cell API update (#606)

* Update Secure Cell API: Seal mode

Start preparing Secure Cell to passphrase API introduction by updating
encryption/decryption API. It is not directly related to passphrases,
but since we're going to reeducate users about Secure Cell, it's a good
point to improve the API.

One annoyance with (all) Secure Cell APIs is how they are mapped into
Swift. This is somewhat asymmetrical mapping: wrap and unwrapData,
because of some Swift renaming magic. This naming scheme is also
inconsistent with every other Themis wrapper on desktop systems which
all use encrypt end decrypt.

Update the API to use "encrypt" and "decrypt" naming scheme. Also,
provide more overloads for Objective-C to omit optional arguments.
Note that we have to hide some API from Swift in order to get better
error handling conversion. We need to expose only methods with explicit
NSError out-parameters.

The old API is declated deprecated from now on. It is implemented via
the new API as a compatibility shim.

While we're here, take this chance to improve inline API docs which make
for a better IDE experience.

* Update Secure Cell API: Context Imprint mode

Context Imprint mode needs the same consistency updates as Seal mode.
However, things are much easier because associated context is not
optional in this mode.

If there is anything interesting, note that it's no longer necessary to
explicitly spell out __autoreleasing for NSError out parameters. Modern
Objective-C compilers are able to infer this annotation.

* Update Secure Cell API: Token Protect mode

Token Protect mode is the one which gets most updates. Along with the
same API renaming as other modes, there are two important changes:

- decryption API now accepts message and token separately
- encryption API returns a new helper object

Previous decryption API accepts input via TSCellTokenEncryptedData
objects -- the same ones as returned by encryption API. While this
makes it easy to write unit tests, in real usage mesage and token
are retrieved separately. Constructing an intermediate
TSCellTokenEncryptedData object is completely unnecessary.
New API rectifies this issue.

Encryption API returns a new helper object TSCellTokenEncryptedResult
which is almost idential to TSCellTokenEncryptedData, but uses NSData
instead of NSMutableData. This allows for better Swift experience as
it's directly bridged with Data, without any NSMutableData casts.

TSCellTokenEncryptedResult also uses a different name for encrypted
message, consistent with documentation and Android API. The old name
is accessible to make it easier to port existing code that might
operate on TSCellTokenEncryptedData instances.

* Update Secure Cell tests: Objective-C

Overhaul Secure Cell test suite to improve coverage and debuggability.
Giant testing methods are split into multiple individual tests for each
subsystem separately.

* Update Secure Cell tests: Swift

Well, this is simply a rewrite of Objective-C test suite into Swift.

* Update Secure Cell class API docs

Clean up and update Secure Cell class documentation too. Modern Xcode
does not support HeaderDoc format anymore so keep it simple. Update
wording in some places for better style. Add links to documentation
where users can read more about Secure Cell modes.

Co-authored-by: vixentael <vixentael@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Cytrus-RE/cytrus-re.github.io](https://github.com/Cytrus-RE/cytrus-re.github.io)@[5aeb07763b...](https://github.com/Cytrus-RE/cytrus-re.github.io/commit/5aeb07763b0fd77355c596bb99160ed8712fa89b)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 17:43:39 by Odyssey346

hopefully this will fix this fucKING ANNOYING PIECE OF SHIT ISSUE GOD DAMMNIT

---
## [EaW-Team/equestria_dev](https://github.com/EaW-Team/equestria_dev)@[a9a2f622c9...](https://github.com/EaW-Team/equestria_dev/commit/a9a2f622c95151dce921741f2f4175b2ecc1f1be)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 18:16:15 by Jas-PY

edits

thoughts:
- conflation with cutie marks with destiny, and destiny with purpose in life
- conclusion to the story? the raison d'être was the friends we made along the way. Destiny isn't something decided by a picture on your butt, it's how you decide to make the most out of your talents to make your mark on the world -- hopefully for the better

---
## [PauliCZ44/landingpage.github.io](https://github.com/PauliCZ44/landingpage.github.io)@[3ddbc4f3c1...](https://github.com/PauliCZ44/landingpage.github.io/commit/3ddbc4f3c1b2c91788ce6af205931cf516d9f43b)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 18:36:31 by Pavel S

First commit

This is a project from free code camp challange. I made it with inspiration from sister of my girlfriend.

---
## [AveryRouth/summer-project](https://github.com/AveryRouth/summer-project)@[44efe5c9fa...](https://github.com/AveryRouth/summer-project/commit/44efe5c9fa70e402d3ab3c93ae173b8d0063cfcc)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 19:02:43 by AveryRouth

the buffs finally FUCKING WORK GOD DAMN I FINALLY FREE, oh ya debuffs work to

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[54572041bd...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/54572041bd67a750be996ef38ced71d4248aed17)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 19:25:42 by Paxilmaniac

Adds smg to replace the mosin as nuke op surplus gun. Remake of #51285 (#51314)

* github makes my brain hurt

i managed to completely fuck over the last branch

* gun inhands

please god travis dont fail

* just learn the recoil pattern like cs:go bro its not that hard

5 more spread

* wtf appveyor

capitalizes the magazine name to make appveyor run again

* those were, in fact, not the correct inhands

dont know how i fucked up the arg inhands, urg moment indeed

* Update code/modules/projectiles/boxes_magazines/external/smg.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>

* fixes a minor sprite fucky wucky

would have helped if i actually tested if the sprites work

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>

---
## [gruppe-adler/sqf](https://github.com/gruppe-adler/sqf)@[ed78a44f61...](https://github.com/gruppe-adler/sqf/commit/ed78a44f6124a4a58525e3ef2f21817d737ab5e8)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 20:16:25 by Moritz Schmidt

yeah lets not be retarded - context is member of class, dont pass it in every internal analyser call

analyzer has context as state

Parser is a class now, and has Context as state (todo: usages)

whitespace parent

test: parser usages

Parser usages

fix last context-passes to functions

oops, fixed parser usage in test

adjust parser tests

facepalm fix parser

hmmmm

fix&foxi more tests

start fixing

still fix too many 'Context' thingies, lol

ah, got a broken parse. goddamn python

fix error shit

work work

ok, only weird errors left

fix some errors

yeeees. yeeeeeeees.

---
## [nothjarnan/axiom](https://github.com/nothjarnan/axiom)@[afef8eb935...](https://github.com/nothjarnan/axiom/commit/afef8eb93511ed1fb42178389cbbbb6364f4b084)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 23:06:03 by LDDestroier

Slightly improved

Now clicking on a folder will restart the browser in that folder. I know that's hacky as sin, but this browser needs replacing anyhow.
Oh yeah, and now it fills the whole screen if you're not using a 51x19 resolution.

---
## [jonas0402/Heart-Desease](https://github.com/jonas0402/Heart-Desease)@[af1a97797e...](https://github.com/jonas0402/Heart-Desease/commit/af1a97797e866e4787c9be8eb73516969efa8cf5)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 23:19:44 by jonas0402

Add files via upload

Attribute Information:
Age (age in years)
Sex (1 = male; 0 = female)
CP (chest pain type)
TRESTBPS (resting blood pressure (in mm Hg on admission to the hospital))
CHOL (serum cholestoral in mg/dl)
FPS (fasting blood sugar > 120 mg/dl) (1 = true; 0 = false)
RESTECH (resting electrocardiographic results)
THALACH (maximum heart rate achieved)
EXANG (exercise induced angina (1 = yes; 0 = no))
OLDPEAK (ST depression induced by exercise relative to rest)
SLOPE (the slope of the peak exercise ST segment)
CA (number of major vessels (0-3) colored by flourosopy)
THAL (3 = normal; 6 = fixed defect; 7 = reversable defect)
TARGET (1 or 0)

---
## [betweenbrackets/mccarthy-dim-sum-overlay](https://github.com/betweenbrackets/mccarthy-dim-sum-overlay)@[1c124940e4...](https://github.com/betweenbrackets/mccarthy-dim-sum-overlay/commit/1c124940e492fa328f5e362b9d86d218dab6a209)
#### Monday 2020-06-22 23:39:00 by Ruby

Create README.md

<!-- NOTES on my dim sum project -->
<!-- I began with this project https://betweenbrackets.github.io/recipe-card-static-page/ -->
<!-- and redesigned it to this project to express and manifest my deep love of and faith in all things dim sum. Nom! Nom!-->
<!-- I updated the pallette, the images, and the text. -->
<!-- 1st issue: the dim sum recipes were longer than the previous recipes and exceeded the styling: there was no white background, just gray text on the pale yellow background. -->
<!-- I updated the style rules to address this. -->
<!-- 2nd issue: I updated the styles so that the recipes' overflow scrolled, but did not like the clunky user-side experience. -->
<!-- I updated to an overlay after searching for what might be available in hover, display: block, and display: none. I discovered w3schools how to. What a great find!-->
<!-- 3rd issue: the overlay called only the first recipe. -->
<!-- I updated the id = "overlay", the functions, and the styles to be dish specific. -->
<!-- 4th issue: the overlay for steamed pork buns exceeded the browser due to the length of the directions. -->
<!-- I added a height property to the styles to enable a scroll bar. -->

---

# [<](2020-06-21.md) 2020-06-22 [>](2020-06-23.md)

