# [<](2020-07-17.md) 2020-07-18 [>](2020-07-19.md)

2,728,933 events, 906,696 push events, 1,312,496 commit messages, 80,972,784 characters


## [StatiXOS/android_frameworks_base](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_frameworks_base)@[fd424caf17...](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_frameworks_base/commit/fd424caf1729aeb365b73121916d3b00b5c3ff48)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 03:42:32 by Anay Wadhera

base: force-enable permissions hub regardless of what google says we can and can't do

>:( fuck you google

Change-Id: I4343d97b462f36ff631251beda1a2910b6f2eaab

---
## [Bricktheworld/CTFBlitzBot](https://github.com/Bricktheworld/CTFBlitzBot)@[3e5b2d3e6b...](https://github.com/Bricktheworld/CTFBlitzBot/commit/3e5b2d3e6b5021edeb727c143d71a0b5fa78b719)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 04:49:21 by Brandon

added prompt so i dont publish my bot api key to the fucking internet you idiot, how am i so fucking stupid

---
## [EPA1257/epa1257.github.io](https://github.com/EPA1257/epa1257.github.io)@[c41024624b...](https://github.com/EPA1257/epa1257.github.io/commit/c41024624b3cd1f61c3386857c0f3ab10237a8b9)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 06:14:41 by EPA1257

JIIHBEVGIbv

oh my god i want death immediately how the fuck did this happen

---
## [Srinivasbharath23/Numbers](https://github.com/Srinivasbharath23/Numbers)@[2c8c95187c...](https://github.com/Srinivasbharath23/Numbers/commit/2c8c95187c04a445198308217f6c1652352e6e15)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 06:51:20 by Srinivasan Balasubramaniam

Create Its Magic

Sussutu is a world-renowned magician. And recently, he was blessed with the power to remove EXACTLY ONE element from an array.

Given, an array A (index starting from 0) with N elements. Now, Sussutu CAN remove only that element which makes the sum of ALL the remaining elements exactly divisible by 7.

Throughout his life, Sussutu was so busy with magic that he could never get along with maths. Your task is to help Sussutu find the first array index of the smallest element he CAN remove.

 

Input:

The first line contains a single integer N.

Next line contains N space separated integers Ak , 0 < k < N.

 

Output:

Print a single line containing one integer, the first array index of the smallest element he CAN remove, and -1 if there is no such element that he can remove!

 

Constraints:

1 < N < 105

0 < Ak < 109

SAMPLE INPUT 
5
14 7 8 2 4
SAMPLE OUTPUT 
1
Explanation
Both 14 and 7 are valid answers, but since 7 is the smallest, the required array index is 1.

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13)@[ee5f83885d...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13/commit/ee5f83885d0995accb34e1356a3f4d9f3a36e25a)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 11:11:43 by BobJoga

Synths unbruhification (#2930)

* i hate my life

* Update _disease.dm

* Update synths.dm

* FUCK PISS

* FUCK COCK

* mnkm kkkm

---
## [vawser/Cinders-DS3](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3)@[451e9295ff...](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3/commit/451e9295ffbdfad690ed995f49f9c812140a463e)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 11:59:02 by Vawser

Update

# Enemies
- Reduced Painting Guardian HP/absorption.

# Rings
- Life Ring: changed +1/+2/+3 to 15%, 20% and 25%.
- Dragonscale Ring: changed +1/+2/+3 to 15%, 20% and 25%.
- Ring of Favor: changed +0/+1/+2/+3 to 7.5%/10%/12.5%/15%.
- Ring of Wisdom: changed FP part of +0/+1/+2/+3 to 7.5%/10%/12.5%/15%.
- Changed the +1/+2/+3 stoneplate rings to 15%/20%/25%.
- Changed the +1/+2/+3 Speckled Stoneplate Ring to 7.5%/10%/12.5%.
- Bloodbite Ring: now increases bleed resistance by 100 and imbues right-hand weapon with 30 Bleed.
- Poisonbite Ring: now increases poison/toxic resistance by 100 and imbues right-hand weapon with 30 Poison.
- Cursebite Ring: now increases curse resistance by 100 and imbues right-hand weapon with 30 Curse.
- Chillbite Ring: now increases frost resistance by 100 and imbues right-hand weapon with 30 Frost.
- Fleshbite Ring: now raises poison, bleed, frost and curse resistance by 250.
- Carthus Milkring: now reduces the stamina cost of evasion actions by 25%.
- Cursed Ring of Evasion: now reduces the cost of evasive movements by 50% but reduces max HP by 50%.
- Cursed Ring of Vengeance: now causes dead enemies to explode, dealing damage to other enemies but reduces max HP by 50%.
- Cursed Ring of Deflection: now deflects spells randomly (3 seconds ON, 3 seconds OFF cycle) but reduces max HP by 50%.
- Cursed Ring of Confusion: emits a confusion aura, allowing enemies to harm one another but reduces max HP by 50%.
- Carthus Bloodring: shifts evasion class downwards and obscures rolling, but
increases evasive movement stamina costs by 50%.
- Greatwood Remnants: increases physical defence by 50% but increases evasive stamina consumption by 20%.
- Wood Grain Ring: changed +1/+2/+3 to 30%/35%/40%.
- Wolf Ring: changed +0/+1/+2/+3 to 25%/30%/35%/40%.
- Dusk Crown Ring: changed FP part to +0/+1/+2/+3 to 25%/30%/35%/40%.
- Tome of Sunlight: changed +0/+1/+2/+3 to 15%/20%/25%/30%.
- Charred Bone: now ncreases casting speed by 50 whilst below 25% HP. (60/70/80 for +1/+2/+3).
- Farron Ring: changed +1/+2/+3 to 40%/50%/60%.
- Ring of Londor: enables FP to regenerate continuously, removing the cooldown after casting.
- Symbol of the Penitent: changed +0/+1/+2/+3 to 25%/30%/35%/40%.
- Green Tearstone Ring: grants 100 stamina recovery whilst below 25% HP.
- Violet Tearstone Ring: reduces spell FP costs by 50% whilst below 25% HP.
- Bulwark Ring: prevents durability loss whilst equipped.
- Runic Seal: Whilst below 50%, ironskin is applied to the wearer. Ironskin boosts Physical absorption by 20%, reduces elemental absorptions by 20%, prevents stagger and increases attack defelection by 65.
- Black Tearstone Ring: boosts souls from enemies by 30% whilst below 25% health.
- Elden Ring: grants 10% boost to physical damage.

---
## [mscalindt/android-kernel-rosy](https://github.com/mscalindt/android-kernel-rosy)@[938e1021de...](https://github.com/mscalindt/android-kernel-rosy/commit/938e1021dedf36d375c6697997202d591ecc5c07)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 12:56:36 by Dimitar Yurukov

rosy: Overlay DTS changes

With overlay:
- All stock .dts files are compilable.
- Rosy's code is isolated from other .dtsi files.

Note that, to successfully overlay rosy's changes specifically, we have to use
an ugly hack. It involves predefining essential nodes for msm8953 dtsi
(to evade "node not found" errors), and also involves deleting a node
that conflicts with msm-pmi8940. The true fix would be CAF fixing their own
shit to not conflict when some specific headers are included.

This improves commit 78f9bfa0b4e14b2f050b4675f0ff8aff22aad585.

Signed-off-by: Dimitar Yurukov <mscalindt@protonmail.com>

---
## [DanielRZO/Data-Science](https://github.com/DanielRZO/Data-Science)@[f7c1a7fd7c...](https://github.com/DanielRZO/Data-Science/commit/f7c1a7fd7c9f6d912b0ae88c4da0a6c7cc4d7078)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 14:03:34 by Daniel Ryba Zanardini

Memory Test on Drugged Islanders Data  (Decision Tree / Random Forest)

An experiment on the effects of anti-anxiety medicine on memory recall when being primed with happy or sad memories. The participants were done on novel Islanders whom mimic real-life humans in response to external factors.

Drugs of interest (known-as) [Dosage 1, 2, 3]:

A - Alprazolam (Xanax, Long-term) [1mg/3mg/5mg]

T - Triazolam (Halcion, Short-term) [0.25mg/0.5mg/0.75mg]

S- Sugar Tablet (Placebo) [1 tab/2tabs/3tabs]

*Dosages follow a 1:1 ratio to ensure validity
*Happy or Sad memories were primed 10 minutes prior to testing
*Participants tested every day for 1 week to mimic addiction

Building the Case:
Obstructive effects of Benzodiazepines (Anti-Anxiety Medicine):

Long term adverse effects on Long Term Potentiation of synapses, metacognition and memory recall ability
http://www.jstor.org/stable/43854146
Happy Memories:

research shown positive memories to have a deeper and greater volume of striatum representation under an fMRI
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0896627314008484
Sad Memories:

research shown sad memories invokes better memory recall for evolutionary purpose whereas, happy memories are more susceptible to false memories
http://www.jstor.org/stable/40064315
Participants - all genders above 25+ years old to ensure a fully developed pre-frontal cortex, a region responsible for higher level cognition and memory recall.

Content
File contains information on participants drug treatment information along with their test scores.

Acknowledgements
Experiment was executed under the supervision of Mr. Almohalwas at UCLA.
All aspects of the experiment such as experimental design, data collection and preprocessing was done from myself.

Inspiration
How does anti-anxiety medicine affect you differently by age?
Is there a level of plateauing in effectiveness of anti-anxiety medicine - if so, at what point?
Effect of anti-anxiety medicine on memory recall?
Effectiveness of placebos in a test environment?

---
## [LunarWatcher/Taskranger](https://github.com/LunarWatcher/Taskranger)@[7e42c79642...](https://github.com/LunarWatcher/Taskranger/commit/7e42c796425b350360fa9cd5cb69b49e6a9403c0)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 19:14:09 by Olivia Zoe

Start the tabulate -> printable migration

This commit moves TermUtils and EnvVars (the hell was I thinking when I named that? Anyway) to printable. Printable is a new table printing library (get it?) that I'm now making to replace tabulate. Tabulate does a lot of stuff in a rather stupid way, and the easiest way to fix it at this point is to roll my own. This kinda sorta makes #21 unfixable by moving the problem to a different repo, but it kinda doesn't matter.

This shouldn't cause any problems with the CI, but I'm pushing and committing to make sure there isn't a problem *cough cough Windows cough*

---
## [daniel5151/clicky](https://github.com/daniel5151/clicky)@[8d8ab33309...](https://github.com/daniel5151/clicky/commit/8d8ab33309dd8923150c867aa6014407f777418e)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 20:53:42 by Daniel Prilik

start on Rockbox support

One key thing I've found is that `ipodloader2` doesn't seem to be able
to load Rockbox correctly. From what I can tell, it overwrites the data
at 0x1000_0000 _before_ the COP has been woken up, which results in the
COP starting execution smack in the middle of the Rockbox bootloader!

I'm curious if this is the result of a bug somewhere in my code, or if
that's what happens on actual hardware, and it just so happens that the
control flow eventually "fixes" itself.

Ah well, either way, I've switched gears and decided to use Rockbox's
built-in bootloader instead.

I've added some kinda vague instructions to the README on how to build
Rockbox (mostly just so I don't forget), and real-talk, it's kinda jank.
Having to use the make_fw utility seems kinda shitty. Maybe I should
look into patching `ipodpatcher` to work with disk images directly?

* * *

I've managed to get the Rockbox firmare booting, and as it stands, it
dies performing an unimplemented access on a Timer device (which is
totally fine!). To get to this point, I've had to tweak / add some new
features to various devices:

- (memcon) added more hard-coded mappings
- (memcon) per-CPU memory mappings
- (ide) stubbed support for multi-sector reads
- (cpucon) removed COP only-enable-once hack + lil refactoring
- (devcon) a little stubbyboi for the cache priority (whatever that it)

* * *

There are two different approaches I can take to tackle the timer
device:

1. Just spin up a dedicated thread for timer interrupts, and don't worry
too much about it.
2. spend some time doing the BIG THINK about how to handle asynchrony in
the codebase as a whole, potentially re-architecting things to support
async calls in devices.

That latter option is something I've been thinking about for the past
little while. The first time the issue of asynchrony reared its head was
while I was working on the IDE device. Reading blocks really aught to be
an asynchronous operation, but I was lazy, and decided to block the main
thread when a read/write request came in. Well, now I have to implement
timers, and blocking isn't really an option... Plus, i'll have to
implement DMA at some point as well, so....

I'd like to avoid using threads directly, as one of my "would be nice"
goals is porting `clicky` to WebAssembly, and running it in the browser,
and at the time of writing, WebAssembly doesn't support threads.

The other approach that I'd like to explore is writing a custom async
executor! Basically, I'd want to be able to spawn tasks from devices,
and drive them forward between CPU cycles. I'm leaning towards
rolling-my-own executor since full-system-emulation isn't really a
use-case most existing executors are optimized for, and I'm worried
about overhead. Plus, I vaguelly recall that most executors use a
dedicated thread from I/O and/or timers, which clashes with my wish
above...

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[a832695585...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/a8326955851aee7c54da5162e02ec61a67aa2d02)
#### Saturday 2020-07-18 23:46:28 by Saqib Ali

Ugly code is buggy code «  Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science. Premier Research Careers - Director, Biostatistics (US Based). Senior Statistical Programmer | Job Opportunities. Senior Statistical Programmer | Job Opportunities. ConcertAI - Associate Director, Statistics - Remote. Job Application for Lead Data Scientist - Statistical Learning at 84.51°. Biogen Biostatistician - Digital and Quantitative Medicine | SmartRecruiters. BSc Mathematics, Statistics and Data Science. BridgeBio - Director, Biostatistics. BridgeBio - Associate Director, Biostatistics.

---

# [<](2020-07-17.md) 2020-07-18 [>](2020-07-19.md)

