# [<](2020-01-26.md) 2020-01-27 [>](2020-01-28.md)

1,977,626 events, 980,565 push events, 1,559,893 commit messages, 123,172,246 characters


## [punkduckable/SPH](https://github.com/punkduckable/SPH)@[2f8a62b023...](https://github.com/punkduckable/SPH/commit/2f8a62b023ef336d974b88a9a60fd447314f6f43)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 00:28:10 by Robert Stephany

Wrote most of setup file reader.

Setup.txt: Minor formatting tweaks

Body.cc, Body.h, Update.cc, Simulation.cc, Save_Simulation.cc: Renamed Damageable as Is_Damageable.

Setup_File.cc: Wrote most of the Load_Body_From_Setup_File function. I did not get to the BC part... which is going to be a pain in the ass. Expect that in the next commit (I hope). I also changed the way that Load_Setup_File works. It now returns a Body array. I realized that the whole thing with the Is_Box/Is_Damageable arrays (in Simulation namespace) is stupid... I can just set the Body members directly (thereby reducing complexity). To make this work, I needed to make the setup file reader create the bodies. If the simulation is loading from file, then the reader returns nullptr (and the Setup_Simulation function will handle it). Otherwise, the reader sets up the Bodies array and then returns it. I found that I only need a few Simulation paramater arrays, namely From_FEB_File, Box_Paramaters (which only stores BCs now), Position_Offset, and Initial_Velocity. The rest are uesless. I set the associated members directly. The rest will be removed.

Simulation.h: Added Box_BCs structure, though I haven't done anything with it yet. This will replace Box_Properties soon. I also updated prototypes.

Simulation_Setup.cc: When loading from FEB file, my code did not apply the position offsets.. oops. I fixed that. I also updated some comments and names.

In my next commit, I plan to finish the reader by writing something to read in BC information. I will then update the junk in Simulation_Setup to work using the reader.

Up

---
## [Crackdown-PD2/deathvox](https://github.com/Crackdown-PD2/deathvox)@[cf24b7f6f2...](https://github.com/Crackdown-PD2/deathvox/commit/cf24b7f6f2bf561bb6c4abfb8239c3f125e04c0c)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 02:55:59 by Hoxi

Updated idle logic with all the stuff from base

-Way more performance friendly, no raycasts checks when seriously not needed (curse my old code) and actually checking what bots detected instead of going through all civilians or enemies in the map (I'm really sorry).

-Even better than before, like how enemy/escort/civilian intimidation work in general + all three now using two functions.
-Idle reloads were improved, bots will reload after 2s of being out of combat (to be more specific, when not reacting to anything new and not changing into the assault logic, or reacting to stuff that doesn't cause a combat/shooting reaction).

-Bots will actually turn to intimidate civs when told to stay put (change in teamailogictravel, as the issue was that they use travel logic when told to stay put instead of idle, because yes).

-Forgot to add Grenadiers to the prioritization code, whoops. They now have the same level of priority as Snipers (of course distance will dictate who gets shot if two of them are in sight).

-Probably something else I just forgot about.

---
## [NovaMods/nova-renderer](https://github.com/NovaMods/nova-renderer)@[f008e05bc2...](https://github.com/NovaMods/nova-renderer/commit/f008e05bc2a3b4aba02cda669e9a51408b60d087)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 04:41:31 by David Dubois

Merge pull request #239 from NovaMods/david/rex_loading

Loading code uses Rex

Using my executive powers to merge this despite the failing CI because life is suffering and existence is pain

---
## [parkerswanson19/PythonJavaTranslator](https://github.com/parkerswanson19/PythonJavaTranslator)@[77a9f196db...](https://github.com/parkerswanson19/PythonJavaTranslator/commit/77a9f196db90a55a17783cd3a838e7acecc62805)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 06:32:07 by Sourish Kundu

Fuck me in the ass pt 2 this is fucking stupid I made no progress i wanna kms

---
## [JNRowe/emacs-configs](https://github.com/JNRowe/emacs-configs)@[44788f5e2d...](https://github.com/JNRowe/emacs-configs/commit/44788f5e2d5375b45807eaf78dbe72034bd1f085)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 09:05:36 by James Rowe

[evil] Enable at startup… for now

I should really try to love emacs more, or at least use god-mode.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[705ebb4127...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/705ebb41271d77d1e4b3410cbd768551acae0d80)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 10:24:33 by Marko Grdinić

"8:45am. I am up and the poison is out of my system. Let me chill a little and then I will start.

8:55am. https://boards.4channel.org/a/thread/198439146/this-really-isnt-necessary

Maybe I'll pick this up...

9:05am. https://mangadex.org/title/17176/mahou-shoujo-tokushuusen-asuka

Ok, focus me. Let me actually read Tog and Asuka, and then I will do some work rather than just philosophize endlessly.

9:45am. Almost done chilling, I will start soon.

9:50am. Ok, programming mode on.

Yesterday it felt like I had made a discovery, but now that I am working over my memories I see that it is mostly emotion. I am not sure what to think of the two assumptions that I've decided to add to my model. It remains to be seen how they'll go.

But I will believe in them. I will believe that once the future comes, keeping the contradictions around rather than disposing them will produce a miracle.

9:55am. Why do I have to keep redesigning my entire language so much?

If v0.2 really is the last word, then it will be fine.

And it is likely that this will be the case. Dependent type theory is unfortunately not the next step in programming languages anymore that second order optimizers are in ML.

10am. Spiral will be the final word.

10:05am. A plain low-style FP language brought to perfection.

That is what I have to work on. That is what I have to do. In this era for the sake of making machines learn.

10:10am. Yesterday put me off my game. It made me determined, but it is not quite the determination I need, so I need warm up a bit.

First of all, since hardware is the catalyst for all of this - just what is coming down the pipe.

Previously, I've looked into memristors, but those are pretty dead at the moment. What exactly do I have to look forward in the near term future?

Let me look into it.

I would absolutely love to get my hands on whatever will come out. Knowing that there is something other than GPUs I can look forward to would motivate me to keep working on Spiral. GPUs really were a disappointment all things considered.

10:20am. https://www.zdnet.com/article/intels-neuro-guru-slams-deep-learning-its-not-actually-learning/

I saw this in the past.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI2DetjB-Xg
Chips for AI - UM's Memristor, Intel's Brain-like chip & Nervana NN Processor | AI Radar 42

This video has a bunch of links.

https://news.umich.edu/first-programmable-memristor-computer-aims-to-bring-ai-processing-down-from-the-cloud/
"In this experimental-scale computer, there were more than 5,800 memristors."

I guess this is promising then, but I won't expect to see this in my rig any time soon.

https://www.nature.com/articles/s41928-019-0270-x

Let me read the study. Ugh, it is paywalled. Fuck Nature.

https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/handle/2027.42/149957
Neuromorphic Computing with Memristors: From Devices to Integrated Systems

Here is another paper by the lead. Let me just read the abstract.

10:40am. I do not why, but the stuff in his work is not as efficient as I would expect it to be.

...Ok, enough of this.

I will believe in Intel if nobody else. Intel has yet to let me down.

It is likely that the first neuromorphic chip I will get will be from there.

10:45am. Now, forget self reflection and self indulgence. Only idiots think that navel gazing can provide the answers to life and and the universe.

Where was I last time?

```
    | AnnotTest of do_boxing : bool * TExpr * bind: VarTag * on_succ: Expr * on_fail: Expr
    | ValueTest of Tokenize.Value * bind: VarTag * on_succ: Expr * on_fail: Expr
    | DefaultValueTest of string * bind: VarTag * on_succ: Expr * on_fail: Expr
```

On these 3. Let me take care of the `DefaultValueTest` in the prepass.

I'll do that little bit to warm up and then have breakfast.

First of all, let me see how TryParse works.

```
open System
Int32.Parse("123.0")
```

Good, this raises an error. That is what I wanted to check out.

10:55am.

```
        | RawDefaultValueTest (a,b,on_succ,on_fail) ->
            let on_succ x = ValueTest(x,v' b,prepass_value env on_succ,prepass_value env on_fail)
            match System.Int64.TryParse(a) with
            | true,x -> on_succ (Tokenize.LitInt64 x)
            | false,_ ->
                match System.Double.TryParse(a) with
                | true,x -> on_succ (Tokenize.LitFloat64 x)
                | false,_ -> errors.Add(ErMissingValueVar a); B
```

This should be fine.

```
UnionTest(keywords.To a,b.Length,v' c,prepass_value env on_succ,prepass_value env on_fail)
```

Did I remove UnionTest for some reason. I think I did.

```
        | RawUnionTest (a,b,c,on_succ,on_fail) ->
            let env = Array.fold (fun env x -> value_add_local x env) env b
            UnionTest(keywords.To a,b.Length,v' c,prepass_value env on_succ,prepass_value env on_fail)
```

I've put this back in. I'll just omit it in the peval later.

I've been thinking that instead of spending time doing features I won't use, like union types it would be much better to defer this until I actually need the it.

11am.

```
            | ErDefaultValueParse x ->
                show_position' b var_positions.[x]
                b.AppendFormat("Error: {0} cannot be parsed to either the i64 or f64.", x) |> ignore
```

Now, the problem here is that default stuff does not have positions. I am going to have to change it in the parser.

It is time like these that make me happy that instead of having special union types with the position I am instead passing that dictionary around. This makes it a lot easier to extend stuff with breaking existing code.

11:10am. Ok, that is done. Now I no longer have `DefaultValue` as a case in the peval stage. And Value I will just wait until I am done with the if.

```
| AnnotTest of do_boxing : bool * TExpr * bind: VarTag * on_succ: Expr * on_fail: Expr
```

The next on one the list will be this one. To make this one work, I will have to implement both the peval of type expressions and have to trawl through the types to do boxing on the individual pieces.

11:15am. I am going to start by doing the type pevaling. Forget about the case for a bit.

This is what I will be spending my today on.

11:25am. Enough wasting time on 4chan, let me get that breakfast, do the chores and then I will get this thing done."

---
## [RadoTech/CSharp-SoftwareUniversity](https://github.com/RadoTech/CSharp-SoftwareUniversity)@[a90a31b861...](https://github.com/RadoTech/CSharp-SoftwareUniversity/commit/a90a31b86149194fe88aa6c4b3df3bf38537ab77)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 11:31:34 by RADO

9. Spice Must Flow*** 

Spice is Love, Spice is Life. And most importantly, Spice must flow. It must be extracted from the scorching sands of Arrakis, under constant threat of giant sand worms. To make the work as efficient as possible, the Duke has tasked you with the creation of a management software. 
Write a program that calculates the total amount of spice that can be extracted from a source. The source has a starting yield, which indicates how much spice can be mined on the first day. After it has been mined for a day, the yield drops by 10, meaning on the second day it’ll produce 10 less spice than on the first, on the third day 10 less than on the second, and so on (see examples). A source is considered profitable only while its yield is at least 100 – when less than 100 spice is expected in a day, abandon the source. 
The mining crew consumes 26 spice every day at the end of their shift and an additional 26 after the mine has been exhausted. Note that the workers cannot consume more spice than there is in storage. 
When the operation is complete, print on the console on two separate lines how many days the mine has operated and the total amount of spice extracted. 
Input 
You will receive a number, representing the starting yield of the source. 
Output 
Print on the console on two separate lines how many days the mine has operated and the total amount of spice extracted.
 Constraints 
•	The starting yield will be a positive integer within range [0 … 2 147 483 647]
Examples:
111
Output:
2
134
Explanation:
Day 1 we extract 111 spice and at the end of the shift, the workers consume 26, leaving 85. The yield drops by 10 to 101. 
Day 2 we extract 101 spice, the workers consume 26, leaving 75. The total is 160 and the yield has dropped to 91.
Since the expected yield is less than 100, we abandon the source. The workers take another 26, leaving 134. The mine has operated 2 days.

---
## [wspr/fontspec](https://github.com/wspr/fontspec)@[3f70bf5575...](https://github.com/wspr/fontspec/commit/3f70bf557585f2f0c49144c8d06df2bd01dc55a7)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 12:39:08 by Will Robertson

my gosh I love test files

(DFLT→dflt had a major repercussion)

---
## [rlawoehd187/android_kernel_pantech_msm8960](https://github.com/rlawoehd187/android_kernel_pantech_msm8960)@[c839bf4ec8...](https://github.com/rlawoehd187/android_kernel_pantech_msm8960/commit/c839bf4ec831a2048b03644e3276265a3dc860d3)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 13:17:11 by Will Deacon

ARM: 7449/1: use generic strnlen_user and strncpy_from_user functions

This patch implements the word-at-a-time interface for ARM using the
same algorithm as x86. We use the fls macro from ARMv5 onwards, where
we have a clz instruction available which saves us a mov instruction
when targetting Thumb-2. For older CPUs, we use the magic 0x0ff0001
constant. Big-endian configurations make use of the implementation from
asm-generic.

With this implemented, we can replace our byte-at-a-time strnlen_user
and strncpy_from_user functions with the optimised generic versions.

Reviewed-by: Nicolas Pitre <nico@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Will Deacon <will.deacon@arm.com>
Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@arm.linux.org.uk>

lib: Sparc's strncpy_from_user is generic enough, move under lib/

To use this, an architecture simply needs to:

1) Provide a user_addr_max() implementation via asm/uaccess.h

2) Add "select GENERIC_STRNCPY_FROM_USER" to their arch Kcnfig

3) Remove the existing strncpy_from_user() implementation and symbol
   exports their architecture had.

Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>
Acked-by: David Howells <dhowells@redhat.com>

lib: add generic strnlen_user() function

This adds a new generic optimized strnlen_user() function that uses the
<asm/word-at-a-time.h> infrastructure to portably do efficient string
handling.

In many ways, strnlen is much simpler than strncpy, and in particular we
can always pre-align the words we load from memory.  That means that all
the worries about alignment etc are a non-issue, so this one can easily
be used on any architecture.  You obviously do have to do the
appropriate word-at-a-time.h macros.

Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

kernel: Move REPEAT_BYTE definition into linux/kernel.h

And make sure that everything using it explicitly includes
that header file.

Signed-off-by: David S. Miller <davem@davemloft.net>

word-at-a-time: make the interfaces truly generic

This changes the interfaces in <asm/word-at-a-time.h> to be a bit more
complicated, but a lot more generic.

In particular, it allows us to really do the operations efficiently on
both little-endian and big-endian machines, pretty much regardless of
machine details.  For example, if you can rely on a fast population
count instruction on your architecture, this will allow you to make your
optimized <asm/word-at-a-time.h> file with that.

NOTE! The "generic" version in include/asm-generic/word-at-a-time.h is
not truly generic, it actually only works on big-endian.  Why? Because
on little-endian the generic algorithms are wasteful, since you can
inevitably do better. The x86 implementation is an example of that.

(The only truly non-generic part of the asm-generic implementation is
the "find_zero()" function, and you could make a little-endian version
of it.  And if the Kbuild infrastructure allowed us to pick a particular
header file, that would be lovely)

The <asm/word-at-a-time.h> functions are as follows:

 - WORD_AT_A_TIME_CONSTANTS: specific constants that the algorithm
   uses.

 - has_zero(): take a word, and determine if it has a zero byte in it.
   It gets the word, the pointer to the constant pool, and a pointer to
   an intermediate "data" field it can set.

   This is the "quick-and-dirty" zero tester: it's what is run inside
   the hot loops.

 - "prep_zero_mask()": take the word, the data that has_zero() produced,
   and the constant pool, and generate an *exact* mask of which byte had
   the first zero.  This is run directly *outside* the loop, and allows
   the "has_zero()" function to answer the "is there a zero byte"
   question without necessarily getting exactly *which* byte is the
   first one to contain a zero.

   If you do multiple byte lookups concurrently (eg "hash_name()", which
   looks for both NUL and '/' bytes), after you've done the prep_zero_mask()
   phase, the result of those can be or'ed together to get the "either
   or" case.

 - The result from "prep_zero_mask()" can then be fed into "find_zero()"
   (to find the byte offset of the first byte that was zero) or into
   "zero_bytemask()" (to find the bytemask of the bytes preceding the
   zero byte).

   The existence of zero_bytemask() is optional, and is not necessary
   for the normal string routines.  But dentry name hashing needs it, so
   if you enable DENTRY_WORD_AT_A_TIME you need to expose it.

This changes the generic strncpy_from_user() function and the dentry
hashing functions to use these modified word-at-a-time interfaces.  This
gets us back to the optimized state of the x86 strncpy that we lost in
the previous commit when moving over to the generic version.

Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

ARM: 7450/1: dcache: select DCACHE_WORD_ACCESS for little-endian ARMv6+ CPUs

DCACHE_WORD_ACCESS uses the word-at-a-time API for optimised string
comparisons in the vfs layer.

This patch implements support for load_unaligned_zeropad for ARM CPUs
with native support for unaligned memory accesses (v6+) when running
little-endian.

Change-Id: Ifdf8207f2581f93870eb0e627f5d12f97c4be7cc
Reviewed-by: Nicolas Pitre <nico@linaro.org>
Signed-off-by: Will Deacon <will.deacon@arm.com>
Signed-off-by: Russell King <rmk+kernel@arm.linux.org.uk>

---
## [skyblockz/pricecheckbot](https://github.com/skyblockz/pricecheckbot)@[208c59b0ff...](https://github.com/skyblockz/pricecheckbot/commit/208c59b0ff9310f9225fd7015439d2f75b6b1b74)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 14:06:41 by skyblockz

Database update                     Changes: Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2974, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2974, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wolf_tooth to 747, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wolf_tooth to 747, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 55893, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 55893, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_leggings to 848617, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_leggings to 848617, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of luck_of_the_sea_v to 4785, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of luck_of_the_sea_v to 4785, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 661, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 661, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of weak_wolf_catalyst to 702811, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of weak_wolf_catalyst to 702811, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 556391, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 556391, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone to 840, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone to 840, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 759, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 759, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 956, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 956, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wolf_tooth to 717, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wolf_tooth to 717, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 59049, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 59049, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wise_dragon_leggings to 383751, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wise_dragon_leggings to 383751, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_nether_wart to 1388, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_nether_wart to 1388, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 560552, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 560552, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of lava_talisman to 13272, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of lava_talisman to 13272, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 134285, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 134285, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 130856, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 130856, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 588, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 588, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_silk to 91562, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_silk to 91562, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 564497, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 564497, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25182, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25182, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 568047, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 568047, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 593, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 593, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 597, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 597, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2777, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2777, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 601, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 601, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 761, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 761, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of healing_ring to 583790, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of healing_ring to 583790, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_string to 1972, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_string to 1972, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 441495, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 441495, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 61283, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 61283, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 436875, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 436875, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 433188, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 433188, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 589, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 589, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_grilled_pork to 273223, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_grilled_pork to 273223, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2833, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2833, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 3734, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 3734, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of teleport_pad to 2365, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of teleport_pad to 2365, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 245578, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 245578, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_helmet to 1046063, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_helmet to 1046063, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 433952, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 433952, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of miner_boots to 1420, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of miner_boots to 1420, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 444059, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 444059, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 763, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 763, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of budget_hopper to 4456, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of budget_hopper to 4456, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 434153, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 434153, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 573, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 573, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 274115, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 274115, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 744, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 744, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 594, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 594, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spirit_mask to 145394, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spirit_mask to 145394, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of leather to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2883, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2883, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of young_dragon_fragment to 6504, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of young_dragon_fragment to 6504, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_nether_wart to 1396, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_nether_wart to 1396, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 64460, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 64460, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_helmet to 1012214, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_helmet to 1012214, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1550, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1550, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 567242, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 567242, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 264, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 264, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of mana_flux_power_orb to 4433177, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of mana_flux_power_orb to 4433177, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_helmet to 27658, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_helmet to 27658, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 437025, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 437025, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_leather to 11486, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_leather to 11486, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of potion_affinity_artifact to 561362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of potion_affinity_artifact to 561362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_snow_block to 627, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_snow_block to 627, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wolf_tooth to 755, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wolf_tooth to 755, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of snow_suit_helmet to 16580, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of snow_suit_helmet to 16580, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2668, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2668, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 583, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 583, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24964, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24964, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2735, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 2735, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of large_backpack to 182022, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of large_backpack to 182022, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 3861, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 3861, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 11752, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 11752, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 236020, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 236020, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 568018, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 568018, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 3877, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 3877, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of first_strike_iv to 12235, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of first_strike_iv to 12235, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 568716, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 568716, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 127770, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 127770, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24601, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24601, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 69924, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 69924, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 517, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 517, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_leather to 11164, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_leather to 11164, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_string to 1972, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_string to 1972, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 727, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 727, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 566844, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 566844, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 930, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 930, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lapis_block to 73038, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lapis_block to 73038, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 438322, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 438322, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 272204, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 272204, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 126910, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 126910, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of budget_hopper to 4510, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of budget_hopper to 4510, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 712, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 712, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of feather_artifact to 324537, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of feather_artifact to 324537, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 68081, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 68081, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 270484, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 270484, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 567660, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 567660, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of farming_talisman to 66, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of farming_talisman to 66, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of teleport_pad to 2228, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of teleport_pad to 2228, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cake to 12738, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cake to 12738, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of farmer_boots to 197051, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of farmer_boots to 197051, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_helmet to 714309, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_helmet to 714309, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24441, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24441, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 124219, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 124219, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_flint to 1417, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_flint to 1417, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of compactor to 904, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of compactor to 904, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of crystal_fragment to 13639, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of crystal_fragment to 13639, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 68082, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 68082, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 227418, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 227418, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 126747, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 126747, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of compactor to 871, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of compactor to 871, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 129022, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 129022, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 126120, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 126120, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 23997, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 23997, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_leggings to 2047431, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_leggings to 2047431, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_helmet to 1002993, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_helmet to 1002993, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of compactor to 868, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of compactor to 868, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 445186, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 445186, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 713, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 713, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 569544, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 569544, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 452417, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 452417, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 123508, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 123508, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of solar_panel to 195784, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of solar_panel to 195784, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of crystal_fragment to 15775, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of crystal_fragment to 15775, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of raider_axe to 156645, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of raider_axe to 156645, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of diamond to 9, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of diamond to 9, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of aspect_of_the_dragons to 5884751, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of aspect_of_the_dragons to 5884751, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 445509, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 445509, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 572645, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 572645, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_nether_wart to 1409, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_nether_wart to 1409, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 4395, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 4395, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 575180, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 575180, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of teleport_pad to 2137, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of teleport_pad to 2137, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 577462, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 577462, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_helmet to 29892, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_helmet to 29892, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_grilled_pork to 270901, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_grilled_pork to 270901, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_sugar_cane to 103285, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_sugar_cane to 103285, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 121157, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 121157, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 258644, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 258644, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of compactor to 796, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of compactor to 796, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 587, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 587, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24264, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24264, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of lapis_armor_boots to 1000, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of lapis_armor_boots to 1000, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 439291, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 439291, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 11679, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 11679, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_diamond_block to 212328, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_diamond_block to 212328, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 580666, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 580666, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone to 811, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone to 811, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 3243, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 3243, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of compactor to 730, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of compactor to 730, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 580099, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 580099, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 119041, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 119041, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of medium_backpack to 17578, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of medium_backpack to 17578, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 433695, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 433695, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 579589, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 579589, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 876, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 876, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 3700, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 3700, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 806, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 806, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_fermented_spider_eye to 107738, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_fermented_spider_eye to 107738, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of end_stone_bow to 3960, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of end_stone_bow to 3960, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_pearl to 18, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_pearl to 18, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_chestplate to 2245885, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_chestplate to 2245885, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 3622, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 3622, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 579130, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 579130, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 62524, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 62524, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_boots to 1144841, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_boots to 1144841, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of green_candy to 819, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of green_candy to 819, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_feather to 1028, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_feather to 1028, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 581017, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 581017, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_helmet to 28225, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_helmet to 28225, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_grilled_pork to 268811, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_grilled_pork to 268811, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 59216, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 59216, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of piggy_bank to 88797, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of piggy_bank to 88797, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_spider_eye to 1416, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_spider_eye to 1416, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_rod to 29002, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_rod to 29002, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_spider_eye to 1327, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_spider_eye to 1327, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of luck_of_the_sea_v to 4430, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of luck_of_the_sea_v to 4430, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spider_talisman to 109860, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spider_talisman to 109860, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 582715, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 582715, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of teleport_pad to 2023, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of teleport_pad to 2023, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone to 772, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone to 772, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_feather to 973, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_feather to 973, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_string to 1947, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_string to 1947, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of blaze_rod to 29, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of blaze_rod to 29, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 4656, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 4656, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of growth_v to 24938, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of growth_v to 24938, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_boots to 538986, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_boots to 538986, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4041, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4041, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_chestplate to 2237296, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_chestplate to 2237296, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of lava_talisman to 12959, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of lava_talisman to 12959, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone to 773, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone to 773, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_egg to 4525, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_egg to 4525, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_boots to 1150357, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_boots to 1150357, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_feather to 924, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_feather to 924, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 581944, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 581944, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 427826, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 427826, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 56238, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 56238, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1526, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1526, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of farmer_boots to 199828, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of farmer_boots to 199828, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 702, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 702, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of farmer_boots to 196229, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of farmer_boots to 196229, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 701, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 701, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of lava_talisman to 14146, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of lava_talisman to 14146, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 53174, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 53174, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of revenant_viscera to 93737, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of revenant_viscera to 93737, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 700, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 700, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_sponge to 11587, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_sponge to 11587, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wood_singularity to 4145498, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wood_singularity to 4145498, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 584700, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 584700, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of snow_block to 11, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of snow_block to 11, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wise_dragon_leggings to 382976, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wise_dragon_leggings to 382976, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_egg to 4116, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_egg to 4116, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of superior_dragon_helmet to 9333034, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of superior_dragon_helmet to 9333034, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 699, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 699, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 255780, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 255780, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 699, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 699, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 425043, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 425043, responsible user: Automated Price Update

---
## [CraigGiles/ced](https://github.com/CraigGiles/ced)@[d3d710f626...](https://github.com/CraigGiles/ced/commit/d3d710f626bd16ff0ba9a3dc680636f1b48f2e4b)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 14:09:30 by Craig Giles

CED terminal editor

This is the toy terminal editor written in C (C-Editor, CED) that I've
been fleshing out for my own personal use as well as a learning
experience. As of right now it just started out as a main file with
escape terminal codes all based off the `kilo` editor:

https://viewsourcecode.org/snaptoken/kilo/index.html

There are other inspirations at the start too, especially from Walter
Bright:
https://github.com/DigitalMars/me

The basic editor codebase is split into 3 sections:
  ced_*   - The core editor and cross platform code
  osx_*   - The OSX platform layer for the editor.
  gilesc_ - My own personal C libraries

The idea for the platform layers is to split the platform specific
code into its own layer calling into the 'core' of the editor.

Since this is just a side project for my own editor and I don't forsee
me actually using this as a day to day driver unless I really get
annoyed with my current editor options, I've put it under the MIT
license.

---
## [skyblockz/pricecheckbot](https://github.com/skyblockz/pricecheckbot)@[9152df4eec...](https://github.com/skyblockz/pricecheckbot/commit/9152df4eec9a4cc25dc5dc33aaf2149586d64919)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 16:01:41 by skyblockz

Database update                     Changes: Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 653, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 653, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1124, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1124, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 986, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 986, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of magical_mushroom_soup to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of magical_mushroom_soup to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 72019, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 72019, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1031, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1031, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 9108, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 9108, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_boots to 30996, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_boots to 30996, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 888, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 888, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of egg to 12, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of egg to 12, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_leggings to 122885, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_leggings to 122885, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 414104, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 414104, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 877, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 877, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of raider_axe to 167573, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of raider_axe to 167573, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 1038, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 1038, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1022, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1022, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 322404, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 322404, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 532392, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 532392, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 537803, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 537803, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_eye_of_ender to 5380, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_eye_of_ender to 5380, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1014, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1014, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_leggings to 44363, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_leggings to 44363, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_leggings to 41077, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_leggings to 41077, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1006, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1006, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 999, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 999, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 542673, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 542673, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 942, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 942, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_boots to 29046, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_boots to 29046, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_rabbit_foot to 2804, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_rabbit_foot to 2804, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24226, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24226, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 418320, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 418320, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of glowstone to 31, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of glowstone to 31, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24448, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24448, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 993, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 993, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 540628, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 540628, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wolf_tooth to 895, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wolf_tooth to 895, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of crystal_fragment to 10760, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of crystal_fragment to 10760, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1306, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1306, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 316039, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 316039, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 421488, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 421488, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25045, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25045, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spiked_hook_vi to 10520, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spiked_hook_vi to 10520, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1899, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1899, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1776, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1776, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4320, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4320, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of silver_fang to 3994, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of silver_fang to 3994, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 78809, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 78809, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1018, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1018, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 429339, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 429339, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 80128, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 80128, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_chestplate to 24395, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_chestplate to 24395, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 185, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 185, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 896, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 896, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 309435, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 309435, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_helmet to 14742, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_helmet to 14742, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_leggings to 122096, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_leggings to 122096, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of crystal_fragment to 11684, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of crystal_fragment to 11684, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_bone to 1354, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_bone to 1354, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of helmet_of_growth to 486086, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of helmet_of_growth to 486086, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of raider_axe to 170816, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of raider_axe to 170816, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1010, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1010, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_helmet to 14268, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_helmet to 14268, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 168, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 168, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 544065, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 544065, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of crystal_fragment to 11827, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of crystal_fragment to 11827, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 122703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 122703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 423205, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 423205, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 150279, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 150279, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of young_dragon_fragment to 5052, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of young_dragon_fragment to 5052, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 420427, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 420427, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of undead_catalyst to 508, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of undead_catalyst to 508, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 9072, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 9072, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_leggings to 1653, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_leggings to 1653, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of lava_talisman to 18716, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of lava_talisman to 18716, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 221636, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 221636, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_chestplate to 23106, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_chestplate to 23106, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 124425, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 124425, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of golden_tooth to 137106, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of golden_tooth to 137106, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 729, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 729, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 1169, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 1169, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 913, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 913, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 148918, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 148918, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4487, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4487, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_fragment to 533, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_fragment to 533, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 420704, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 420704, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 736, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 736, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25053, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25053, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wolf_tooth to 931, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wolf_tooth to 931, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 541881, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 541881, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 125869, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 125869, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of lily_pad to 498, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of lily_pad to 498, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_fragment to 556, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_fragment to 556, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 420954, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 420954, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 12564, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 12564, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_emerald to 1393, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_emerald to 1393, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1127, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1127, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_helmet to 1393, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_helmet to 1393, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of large_backpack to 173861, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of large_backpack to 173861, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1003, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1003, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_boots to 10589, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_boots to 10589, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 205472, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 205472, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1027, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1027, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_string to 1750, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_string to 1750, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 547493, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 547493, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_bone to 1267, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_bone to 1267, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of feather_artifact to 266188, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of feather_artifact to 266188, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 8510, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 8510, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of blessing_v to 17826, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of blessing_v to 17826, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 551394, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 551394, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 129403, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 129403, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 553755, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 553755, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 797, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 797, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 555880, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 555880, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of miner_leggings to 2438, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of miner_leggings to 2438, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_emerald to 1350, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_emerald to 1350, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1181, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1181, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 553292, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 553292, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24848, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24848, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 147026, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 147026, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lapis_block to 71553, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lapis_block to 71553, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 555463, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 555463, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 558567, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 558567, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of old_dragon_fragment to 712, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of old_dragon_fragment to 712, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 857, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 857, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wolf_tooth to 964, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wolf_tooth to 964, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_emerald to 1311, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_emerald to 1311, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 1268, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 1268, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_string to 1737, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_string to 1737, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25405, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25405, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 167, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 167, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 421179, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 421179, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 128463, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 128463, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_silk to 87072, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_silk to 87072, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of medium_backpack to 17800, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of medium_backpack to 17800, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 555710, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 555710, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 161, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 161, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 153, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 153, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 81115, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 81115, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 557639, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 557639, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 415861, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 415861, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 127617, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 127617, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 1237, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 1237, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 560525, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 560525, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spiked_hook_vi to 9968, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spiked_hook_vi to 9968, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 138, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 138, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of weak_wolf_catalyst to 639271, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of weak_wolf_catalyst to 639271, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of haste_ring to 202248, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of haste_ring to 202248, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_clay to 640, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_clay to 640, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of bat_talisman to 31424, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of bat_talisman to 31424, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 125, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 125, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 113, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 113, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_gold to 1244, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_gold to 1244, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of bat_talisman to 34894, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of bat_talisman to 34894, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of first_strike_iv to 17814, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of first_strike_iv to 17814, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spider_catalyst to 222442, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spider_catalyst to 222442, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 1348, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 1348, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_string to 1743, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_string to 1743, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 1309, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 1309, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 307242, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 307242, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of diamond_spreading to 1800, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of diamond_spreading to 1800, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_helmet to 1267, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_helmet to 1267, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 990, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 990, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 110, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 110, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 563122, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 563122, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_chestplate to 125032, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_chestplate to 125032, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 565460, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 565460, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 8115, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 8115, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1067, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1067, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 306518, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 306518, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1103, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1103, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25443, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25443, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of jungle_axe to 541, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of jungle_axe to 541, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 146323, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of superior_dragon_fragment to 146323, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of old_dragon_fragment to 741, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of old_dragon_fragment to 741, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 300866, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 300866, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 153, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 153, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 12808, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 12808, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 146, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_ghast_tear to 146, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 126855, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 126855, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 81504, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 81504, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 81854, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 81854, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_boots to 27662, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_boots to 27662, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of medium_backpack to 18520, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of medium_backpack to 18520, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of growth_v to 39929, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of growth_v to 39929, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 100, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 100, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4637, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grand_experience_bottle to 4637, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spirit_mask to 139355, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spirit_mask to 139355, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 91, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 91, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 13027, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 13027, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lily_pad to 57051, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lily_pad to 57051, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 563914, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 563914, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of zombie_sword to 636586, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of zombie_sword to 636586, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_dark_oak_wood to 1138, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_dark_oak_wood to 1138, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 297380, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 297380, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of sharpness_vi to 6867158, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of sharpness_vi to 6867158, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spirit_mask to 134677, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spirit_mask to 134677, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25065, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25065, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24858, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24858, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of crystal_chestplate to 76703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of crystal_chestplate to 76703, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 565023, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 565023, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1086, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1086, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 803, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_oak_wood to 803, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1303, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_diamond to 1303, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of diamond_spreading to 2043, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of diamond_spreading to 2043, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 1382, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 1382, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24929, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 24929, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ember_rod to 29581, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ember_rod to 29581, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25478, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25478, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_rabbit_foot to 2758, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_rabbit_foot to 2758, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 106, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 106, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 566021, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 566021, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 545080, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 545080, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_snow_block to 885, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_snow_block to 885, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of diamond_spreading to 2207, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of diamond_spreading to 2207, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 126170, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 126170, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_pork to 1867, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_pork to 1867, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_iron to 1478, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_iron to 1478, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 1032, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 1032, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of tarantula_web to 96, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of tarantula_web to 96, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_pork to 1962, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_pork to 1962, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 724, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_cobblestone to 724, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 13224, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of unstable_dragon_fragment to 13224, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1643, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1643, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of spider_catalyst to 228948, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of spider_catalyst to 228948, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of grappling_hook to 7760, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of grappling_hook to 7760, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1080, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1080, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of vaccine_talisman to 26, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of vaccine_talisman to 26, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 530572, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 530572, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25509, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25509, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of experience_artifact to 550537, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of experience_artifact to 550537, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25258, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of strong_dragon_fragment to 25258, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_snow_block to 888, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_snow_block to 888, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 816, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lapis_lazuli to 816, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 406275, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 406275, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 83669, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 83669, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of diamond_spreading to 2306, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of diamond_spreading to 2306, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_leather to 13924, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_leather to 13924, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_red_mushroom_block to 81005, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_red_mushroom_block to 81005, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_gold to 1244, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_gold to 1244, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 405208, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 405208, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1051, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 1051, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 127353, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 127353, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 995, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 995, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of young_dragon_fragment to 4591, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of young_dragon_fragment to 4591, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 404362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 404362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_pork to 1927, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_pork to 1927, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 84302, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 84302, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ender_leggings to 39969, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ender_leggings to 39969, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 412594, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 412594, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1124, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1124, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of cubism_v to 1718, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of cubism_v to 1718, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of luck_vi to 5404, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of luck_vi to 5404, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 951, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 951, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 500555, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 500555, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 416335, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 416335, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lily_pad to 60235, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lily_pad to 60235, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_leather to 12727, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_leather to 12727, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 123618, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_redstone_block to 123618, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 84872, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 84872, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of diamond_spreading to 2443, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of diamond_spreading to 2443, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of old_dragon_fragment to 767, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of old_dragon_fragment to 767, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1556, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wise_dragon_fragment to 1556, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of farmer_boots to 182303, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of farmer_boots to 182303, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_feather to 792, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_feather to 792, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of crystal_fragment to 12369, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of crystal_fragment to 12369, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_feather to 896, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_feather to 896, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 411502, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 411502, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 410602, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 410602, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of fire_talisman to 66362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of fire_talisman to 66362, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of cubism_v to 2046, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of cubism_v to 2046, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of wolf_tooth to 1034, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of wolf_tooth to 1034, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 197301, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of fish_affinity_talisman to 197301, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 274254, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 274254, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lapis_block to 76013, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lapis_block to 76013, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of hot_potato_book to 86160, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of hot_potato_book to 86160, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_red_mushroom_block to 85304, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_red_mushroom_block to 85304, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of remnant_of_the_eye to 592, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of remnant_of_the_eye to 592, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 503400, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 503400, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 1070, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_raw_beef to 1070, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1112, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of protector_dragon_fragment to 1112, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of ghast_tear to 20, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of ghast_tear to 20, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 930, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_jungle_wood to 930, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 266829, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_lava_bucket to 266829, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_dark_oak_wood to 1087, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_dark_oak_wood to 1087, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of summoning_eye to 577548, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of summoning_eye to 577548, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 493357, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 493357, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 470517, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of enchanted_blaze_rod to 470517, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 407042, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of super_compactor_3000 to 407042, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of raw_porkchop to 10, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of raw_porkchop to 10, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the lower bound price of clay to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update Changed the upper bound price of clay to 8, responsible user: Automated Price Update

---
## [petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts)@[1b8569e54e...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts/commit/1b8569e54e8e47fed6348b5c077fdfaf98e4a562)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 16:23:55 by petrero

33.5.Free (Ice Cream) Checkout! {No Card? Webhook Problems}

No Card? Webhook Problems
Thanks to this change, it's now possible for a Customer to not have any cards attached in Stripe. And yea know what? This creates a new problem in a totally unrelated part of the process: webhooks.
But, it's no big deal. Open WebhookController and find the invoice.payment_failed section. Wait! Woh! Before that - oh geez - fix my horrible typo: invoice.payment_succeeded.
This is why you must test your webhooks!
Anyways, back to invoice.payment_failed. Our entire reason for handling this webhook is so that we can send the user an email to tell them that we're having a problem charging their card. We didn't actually do the work, but that email would probably sound like this:
  Hey friend! So, we're having a problem charging your card. If you need to update it, go to your account page and add the new details there.

But what will happen if a user checks out for free, but with a subscription? After their first month, Stripe will not be able to charge them, and it will trigger this webhook.
In those cases, the email should really have some different text, like:

  Yo amigo! I hope you enjoyed your free month. If you want to continue, you can add a credit card to your account page.
So to know which language to use, first fetch the Stripe Customer by saying $this->stripeClient->findCustomer($user). Now we can create a new variable, called $hasCardOnFile. Set that to a count of $stripeCustomer->sources->data and check if it's greater than zero. Now, you can use that variable to write the most uplifting, majestic, and encouraging payment failed emails that the world has ever seen.

---
## [KandaSoranyan/JustEmuTarkovWiki](https://github.com/KandaSoranyan/JustEmuTarkovWiki)@[6e50f51094...](https://github.com/KandaSoranyan/JustEmuTarkovWiki/commit/6e50f51094c142d38cced8facb4216009c5e58c7)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 16:44:15 by Sorata

FUCK YOU GITHUB AND MARDOWN THING I HATE YOUUUUUUUUU

---
## [google/iree](https://github.com/google/iree)@[e0ed81c677...](https://github.com/google/iree/commit/e0ed81c677ad76151bae6e786b9b5e5dde95b258)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 17:05:34 by Geoffrey Martin-Noble

Increase magic submodule depth to 10000

We're more than 1000 commits behind LLVM HEAD, which is causing automation to fail. This is still a horrible hack that I hate, but I tried out fetching full submodule history in https://github.com/google/iree/pull/564 and it really does slow down the presubmits by a ton. It seems very unlikely we'll get 10000 commits behind HEAD until we can figure out how to get this to work robustly and it imposes only a minimal slowdown (order of 10s).

Closes https://github.com/google/iree/pull/565

COPYBARA_INTEGRATE_REVIEW=https://github.com/google/iree/pull/565 from GMNGeoffrey:tweak-submodule-depth-hack b95a33d674db90ee9448588f80b7b9f0ed06545b
PiperOrigin-RevId: 291734110

---
## [petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts)@[b918323ffb...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/Stripe-Subscriptions-Webhooks-Discounts/commit/b918323ffbfd26b3a8b4f1eeaed978832bb28308)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 17:11:36 by petrero

35.1.Displaying All the Invoice Details{Fetch One Invoice's Data}

To see all the details for each invoice, we need an "invoice show" page. Head to ProfileController and add a new method for this: showInvoiceAction(). Give it a URL: /profile/invoices/{invoiceId}. And a name: account_invoice_show, and then add the $invoiceId argument.
Before doing anything else, copy that route name, head back to the account template and fill in the href by printing path() then pasting the route name. For the second argument, pass in the wildcard: invoiceId set to invoice.id, which will be the Stripe invoice ID.

Fetch One Invoice's Data
Back in the controller, our work here is pretty simple: we'll just ask Stripe for this one Invoice. In StripeClient, we don't have a method that returns just one invoice, so let's add one: public function findInvoice() with an $invoiceId argument. Inside, return the elegant \Stripe\Invoice::retrieve($invoiceId).
Love it!
In the controller, use this: $stripeInvoice = $this->stripeClient->findInvoice() with $invoiceId. To make things really nice, you'll probably want to wrap this in a try-catch block: if there's a 404 error from Stripe, you'll want to catch that exception and throw the normal $this->createNotFoundException(). That'll cause our site to return a 404 error, instead of 500 error.
Finally, render a new template: how about profile/invoice.html.twig. Pass this an invoice variable set to $stripeInvoice.

---
## [ltratt/snare](https://github.com/ltratt/snare)@[ec504d4831...](https://github.com/ltratt/snare/commit/ec504d4831584a061ecc54f081eefabba546f4ac)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 17:36:23 by Laurence Tratt

Remove the pointlessly paranoid "always check the queue every minute".

This paranoia was entirely pointless, because if it was ever necessary, we would
simply get stuck elsewhere. The idea was that, perhaps, sometimes we might not
be notified that there's a job on the queue so we should (infrequently) check
the queue even if we haven't been told there's an update. However, this could
only happen if poll() failed. If that happened, then our ability to read
stderr/stdout from child processes would also fail, at which point we'd be
stuffed. But poll() isn't very likely to fail, so the paranoia is completely
pointless: we might as well simplify the code and be done with it!

While here, simplify the condition still further, and prevent snare from waking
up unnecessarily (when there are jobs on the queue, but no spare slots to run
them).

---
## [softdevteam/snare](https://github.com/softdevteam/snare)@[3927f4f12c...](https://github.com/softdevteam/snare/commit/3927f4f12c7ac7a3323e939c6c5f87d451a8699f)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 17:51:15 by bors[bot]

Merge #11

11: Remove the pointlessly paranoid "always check the queue every minute". r=vext01 a=ltratt

This paranoia was entirely pointless, because if it was ever necessary, we would simply get stuck elsewhere. The idea was that, perhaps, sometimes we might not be notified that there's a job on the queue so we should (infrequently) check the queue even if we haven't been told there's an update. However, this could only happen if poll() failed. If that happened, then our ability to read stderr/stdout from child processes would also fail, at which point we'd be stuffed. But poll() isn't very likely to fail, so the paranoia is completely
pointless: we might  as well simplify the code and be done with it!

Co-authored-by: Laurence Tratt <laurie@tratt.net>

---
## [mr-mustash/dotfiles](https://github.com/mr-mustash/dotfiles)@[33edb602ef...](https://github.com/mr-mustash/dotfiles/commit/33edb602efca089016ad829aca44ea5c58e78864)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 18:32:23 by Patrick King

Quality of Life Update

After moving to use this repo as my complete source of truth of my
dotfiles there were lots of cases where I had just been editing things
by hand to stop errors. This update removes a lot of those errors, as
well as adds so new functionality at the same time.

Dear future Patrick, I'm sorry about how much is in this one commit, but
please forgive me. I'll do better about making branches for each
feature. I promise.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[2c393931f9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/2c393931f91a4a585d0b0981c0618c68a27a7b02)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 19:00:37 by Marko Grdinić

"11:35am. https://boards.4channel.org/sci/thread/11330541/apparently-the-babylonians-invented-integral

Just as I said that...this is an interesting discovery.

12:10pm. Done with breakfast. Let me watch that slime ep and then I will do the chores.

1pm. Done with chores. Let me resume. Outside life is a such a distraction. I cannot let it shake my heart.

Two more years. I need to dedicate myself two more years to this.

The Spiral techniques that I've developed are definitely primitive aspects of programming and they compose so well. I cannot commit the grave sin of abandoning them.

I definitely need to keep pushing this. Presumably in the early days of math, steady promotion was needed as well before the subject took uptake. Probably part of the reason why Spiral got skipped over is the general unfamiliarity with this sphere of programming.

1:05pm. This is the last time I will do this. I am not supposed to be such a hard worker. I am supposed to be much lazier than this.

Also one more thing...

It sort of skipped my mind.

There are actually two ways of dealing with variance in returns in RL.

1) The reversibility idea I've talked about.
2) Splitting the update into multiple steps. For example 1 update for reward of 1, 100 updates for a reward of 100 and so on.

This sort of adaptation does require some communication and reflection capabilities between the layers.

So either way, I will be going in the direction of developing the architecture further. The work that has frozen at the end 2017 will resume this year.

1:10pm. I made a long list of features the new Spiral will have, but some like union types and typeclasses (and maybe row polymorhpism) can wait until I need them. So can things like documentation.

The ideal time to push Spiral will be a time a new niche opens up. And that will be when new hardware for ML comes out.

That is where the thread leads, and I will patiently wait to grasp it. It is just as well, since I need that hardware to reach my actual goals.

1:15pm. All of that lies in the future.

1:20pm. Focus me, focus. I know I'd rather just be pissed, but let me do a little bit today.

As I said, let me do the type evaluator.

```
| TRecord of Map<string,TExpr>
```

Whops left the string here.

1:25pm.

```
and partial_eval_type keywords d x =
    let ev d x = partial_eval_type keywords d x
    let inline vt x = if x < 0 then d.env_global_type.[-x-1] else d.env_stack_type.[x]
    match x with
    | TV x -> vt x
    | TPair (a,b) -> PairT(ev d a, ev d b)
    | TFun (a,b) -> RuntimeFunctionT(ev d a, ev d b)
    | TRecord l -> RecordT(Map.map (fun k -> ev d) l)
    | TKeyword (k,l) -> KeywordT(k,Array.map (ev d) l)
    | TApply of TExpr * TExpr
    | TInl of TExpr * Data
    | TUnit
    | TPrim of PrimitiveType
    | TArray of TExpr
    | TPos of Pos<TExpr>
```

This actually is not too bad. That having said...

```
    | TPair (a,b) -> PairT(ev d a, ev d b)
    | TFun (a,b) -> RuntimeFunctionT(ev d a, ev d b)
    | TRecord l -> RecordT(Map.map (fun k -> ev d) l)
```

I should make sure that these two do not evaluate into type level functions, but base types instead.

```
| TypeFunctionT of Ty * StackSize * Ty []
```

Ah, whops, rather than Ty here it should be...

```
| TypeFunctionT of TExpr * StackSize * Ty []
```

Ok...

1:55pm. Focus me. Finish this thing.

2:05pm.

```
and partial_eval_type keywords d x =
    let ev' d x = partial_eval_type keywords d x
    let ev d x =
        match ev' d x with
        | TypeFunctionT _ -> raise_type_error d "The type expression must not evaluate to a type function."
        | x -> x

    let inline vt x = if x < 0 then d.env_global_type.[-x-1] else d.env_stack_type.[x]
    match x with
    | TV x -> vt x
    | TPair (a,b) -> PairT(ev d a, ev d b)
    | TFun (a,b) -> RuntimeFunctionT(ev d a, ev d b)
    | TRecord l -> RecordT(Map.map (fun k -> ev d) l)
    | TKeyword (k,l) -> KeywordT(k,Array.map (ev d) l)
    | TApply(l,r) ->
        match ev' d l with
        | TypeFunctionT(a,b,c) ->
            let d =
                {d with
                    env_global_type=c
                    env_stack_type=Array.zeroCreate b
                    env_stack_type_ptr=0}
            ev' (push_type_var (ev' d r) d) a
        | l -> raise_type_error d <| sprintf "Expected a type level function as the first argument in type application.Got: %s" (show_ty keywords l)
    | TInl(a,b) -> TypeFunctionT(a,b.stack_size,Array.map vt b.free_vars)
    | TUnit -> BT
    | TPrim x -> PrimT x
    | TArray x -> ArrayT (ev d x)
    | TPos x -> ev {d with trace = x.Pos :: d.trace} x.Expression
```

Done with this. Now comes boxing. Agh...

2:15pm.

```
    | AnnotTest(do_boxing,a,b,on_succ,on_fail) ->
        let on_fail () = ev d on_fail
        let a = partial_eval_type keywords d a
        let b = v b
        if do_boxing = false then
            if data_to_ty b = a then ev d on_succ
            else on_fail()
        else
            let rec f = function
                | TyPair(a,b) ->
```

2:20pm.

```
...
            let rec f = function
                | TyPair(a,b), PairT(a,b) -> Ty
```

Ouf, what am I doing with this. Let me check whether the prepass is pushing the variable correctly.

```
| RawAnnotTest (a,b,c,on_succ,on_fail) -> AnnotTest(a,prepass_type env b,v' c,prepass_value env on_succ,prepass_value env on_fail)
```

Erm, yeah, I think I am missing something here.

```
| RawAnnotTest (a,b,c,on_succ,on_fail) -> AnnotTest(a,prepass_type (value_add_local c env) b,v' c,prepass_value env on_succ,prepass_value env on_fail)
```

Let me do this. Now I have to also map the type while checking it for equality.

3pm.

```
    | AnnotTest(do_boxing,ty,expr,on_succ,on_fail) ->
        let a = v expr
        let b = partial_eval_type keywords d ty
        if do_boxing = false then
            if data_to_ty a = b then ev d on_succ
            else ev d on_fail
        else
            let mutable is_succ = true
            let fail a = is_succ <- false; a
            let rec f = function
                | TyB & a, BT -> a
                | TyPair(a,b), PairT(a',b') -> TyPair(f (a, a'), f (b, b'))
                | TyKeyword(k,l), KeywordT(k',l') -> TyKeyword(k,Array.map2 (fun a b -> f (a,b)) l l')
                | TyFunction(a,b,c,d,e,is_forall), RuntimeFunctionT(a',b') -> failwith "TODO"
                | TyRecord l & a, RecordT l' ->
                    if Map.count l = Map.count l' then
                        TyRecord(Map.map (fun k v ->
                            match Map.tryFind k l' with
                            | Some v' -> f (v, v')
                            | None -> fail v
                            ) l)
                    else is_succ <- false; a
                | TyValue x & a, PrimT x' -> if value_to_primitive_type x = x' then a else fail a
                | TyV(T(_,x)) & a, x' -> if x = x' then a else fail a
                | TyR _, _ -> raise_type_error d "Compiler error: TyR should not be here."
                | a,b -> fail a
            if is_succ then ev (push_value_var (f (a,b)) d) on_succ else failwith "TODO"
```

Agh, this is most of it, but I need the closure join point to finish it properly.

3:30pm. I am not even slacking at this point. I just needed to think about this for a while. Last time I seriously thought about closure join points was quite a while ago.

I nearly forgot that I had the functionality for multiple arguments as a part of a library back in v0.09.

3:35pm. But really, really it would be better if I had that functionality built into the pevaller itself.

Then I could compile it more elegantly.

Which will be the case now.

3:35pm. Now that I am thinking things through, something is occurring to me.

I can't really skip the failed box to a runtime function. Failing it will necessary have to result in a type error.

4:30pm. I am still thinking about it.

5:10pm. I am still thinking about it...

Boxing in the new Spiral is much more complicated than before. Closures are certainly a lot more complicated than join points.

5:15pm. I think I have most of it down in my head now.

5:20pm. Ok, let me at least do some cleaning up. I do not think I will be doing more programming for the day and will leave boxing and closures for tomorrow. I'll do the regular join point while I am at it as well.

5:35pm.

```
    let function_to_runtime_function env (a : Expr, b : StackSize, c : Ty [], d : StackSize, e : Data []) (a' : Ty, b' : Ty) =
        failwith "" // TODO

    let rec box d (a,b) =
        let box (a,b) = box d (a,b)
        let fail a b = raise_type_error d <| sprintf "Cannot box %s into %s" (show_typed_data a) (show_ty b)
        match a, b with
        | TyB, BT -> a
        | TyPair(a,b), PairT(a',b') -> TyPair(box (a, a'), box (b, b'))
        | TyKeyword(k,l), KeywordT(k',l') -> TyKeyword(k,Array.map2 (fun a b -> box (a,b)) l l')
        | TyFunction(a,b,c,d,e,false), RuntimeFunctionT(a',b') -> function_to_runtime_function d (a,b,c,d,e) (a',b')
        | TyFunction(_,_,_,_,_,true), _ -> raise_type_error d <| sprintf "Cannot box foralls.\nGot: %s" (show_typed_data a)
        | TyRecord l & a, RecordT l' ->
            if Map.count l = Map.count l' then
                TyRecord(Map.map (fun k v ->
                    match Map.tryFind k l' with
                    | Some v' -> box (v, v')
                    | None -> fail a b
                    ) l)
            else fail a b
        | TyValue x & a, PrimT x' -> if value_to_primitive_type x = x' then a else fail a b
        | TyV(T(_,x)) & a, x' -> if x = x' then a else fail a b
        | TyR _, _ -> raise_type_error d "Compiler error: TyR should not be here."
        | a,b -> fail a b
```

I'll clear that thing tomorrow. First I will refresh my memory of join points and then do this thing.

5:35pm.

```
    | AnnotTest(do_boxing,ty,expr,on_succ,on_fail) ->
        let a = v expr
        let b = partial_eval_type keywords d ty
        if do_boxing = false then if data_to_ty a = b then ev d on_succ else ev d on_fail
        else ev (push_value_var (box d (a,b)) d) on_succ
```

Ah, I see. I made a mistake in the way I take care of variables...

```
        | RawAnnotTest (true,b,c,on_succ,on_fail) -> AnnotTest(true,prepass_type (value_add_local c env) b,v' c,prepass_value env on_succ,prepass_value env on_fail)
        | RawAnnotTest (false,b,c,on_succ,on_fail) -> AnnotTest(false,prepass_type env b,v' c,prepass_value env on_succ,prepass_value env on_fail)
```

Ok. This is good.

5:45pm. Yeah, let me call it a day here. I definitely do not feel like going at it anymore.

This boxing is definitely one of the hardest things in the new compiler, but it won't be too bad.

Right now my experience level is quite high so I'll deal with it.

Back in 2017, it took me retarded amounts of time just to figure out how to do the join points."

---
## [rhyeal/aws-rotate-iam-keys](https://github.com/rhyeal/aws-rotate-iam-keys)@[70d0929c7b...](https://github.com/rhyeal/aws-rotate-iam-keys/commit/70d0929c7bcc9d0b3c8c2721b9482cd24e937b47)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 21:03:32 by Mark Woods

Allow installation of unstable, forked, versions

Add head and devel specs to the homebrew formula to allow installation
from the master and develop branches respectively of whichever repo is
the source of the homebrew tap. This is fugly, but it seems a necessary
evil to allow us to maintain a usable fork including new features not
yet merged upstream, without breaking upstream compatibility.

Yeah, I know, it's a horrible hack, I hate it too, but it does the job.

P.S. Yes, this will prevent the formula being accepted to Homebrew core,
but that's not going to happen anytime soon, so not worth worrying about

---
## [clawgrip/mame](https://github.com/clawgrip/mame)@[c933b588b6...](https://github.com/clawgrip/mame/commit/c933b588b6ba0cc886e8ebd8c0c57a626bbd6a32)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 22:16:37 by ClawGrip

New NOT_WORKING software list additions

---------------------------------------
Thomas & Friends: Cheer up Cranky! / The Big Race / Carnival Capers [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney No Rumbly In Pooh's Tumbly [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Sesame Street: Elmo's Colorful Adventure / Grover Stays Up Very Very Late / Me Loves Cookies [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Barney: Barney Cares / Best Manners Show / Let's Work Together [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's Pinocchio / Disney/Pixar Toy Story 2 / The Jungle Book [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's Bambi / Lady and the Tramp / Peter Pan [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Spongebob Squarepants Grand Price Winner! / Dora's Garden Adventure / Blue's Perfect Picnic Spot [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney Pooh Windy Day [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's The Lion King [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Noah's Ark [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney Princess: Jasmine / Mulan / Pocahontas [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Dora's Garden Adventure [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Dora the Explorer: Dora's Garden Adventure / The Gingerbread Boy / Dora's Art Adventure [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney/Pixar Finding Nemo [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Scooby-Doo! Miniature Golf Mistery [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Spongebob Squarepants Grand Price Winner! [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney Princess: The Little Mermaid / Snow White / Beauty and the Beast [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Blue's Perfect Picnic Spot [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney's The Little Mermaid [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Petter Rabbit / Jemima Puddle-Duck / Tom Kitten [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]
Disney/Pixar Cars / The Incredibles / Monsters Inc. [Sean Riddle, ClawGrip]

---
## [kreisys/nixops](https://github.com/kreisys/nixops)@[a02090774a...](https://github.com/kreisys/nixops/commit/a02090774a4f6d59656eb35eb670cd17e7fac833)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 22:31:22 by Niklas Hambüchen

nixops script: Remove top-level Exception catch-all.

Having this catch-all made it difficult to develop and troubleshoot
nixops.

For example, when adding a new backend and forgetting to add the
corresponding `option` in the `.nix` file, nixops would die simply
with

    error: 'serverType'

which is not a good indication over what went wrong.
Specifically so because `error(str(e))` removed the type of the
exception, turning `KeyError: 'serverType'` into just `serverType`.

So far, you could pass `--show-trace` or `--debug` to see
Python stack traces.
However, that requires the error to be easily reproducible
(when you see it, you have to run again with `--show-trace`),
making debugging of rare problems hard.

For an ops tool we should make debugging of rare/unknown
problems as easy as possible.
Consequently, this commit makes Python raise the `Exception`
with stack trace if we have no idea at all what the exception
type is.

The other cases (when we know what exception type it is)
remain unaffected.

---
## [WillEccles/cfm](https://github.com/WillEccles/cfm)@[81e7302431...](https://github.com/WillEccles/cfm/commit/81e73024311dd056a61b05ddc35101e34ce217e5)
#### Monday 2020-01-27 23:18:26 by Will Eccles

i do not know why marks don't work and i hate my life because of it

---

# [<](2020-01-26.md) 2020-01-27 [>](2020-01-28.md)

