# [<](2020-06-11.md) 2020-06-12 [>](2020-06-13.md)

2,375,166 events, 1,170,664 push events, 1,873,325 commit messages, 140,479,419 characters


## [goldfish07/android_kernel_moto_panelli](https://github.com/goldfish07/android_kernel_moto_panelli)@[89c547e8e4...](https://github.com/goldfish07/android_kernel_moto_panelli/commit/89c547e8e43cc8bb8e94c2ac77d606c5ae8d186a)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 03:32:59 by Jonathan Toppins

mm: ratelimit PFNs busy info message

commit 75dddef32514f7aa58930bde6a1263253bc3d4ba upstream.

The RDMA subsystem can generate several thousand of these messages per
second eventually leading to a kernel crash.  Ratelimit these messages
to prevent this crash.

Doug said:
 "I've been carrying a version of this for several kernel versions. I
  don't remember when they started, but we have one (and only one) class
  of machines: Dell PE R730xd, that generate these errors. When it
  happens, without a rate limit, we get rcu timeouts and kernel oopses.
  With the rate limit, we just get a lot of annoying kernel messages but
  the machine continues on, recovers, and eventually the memory
  operations all succeed"

And:
 "> Well... why are all these EBUSY's occurring? It sounds inefficient
  > (at least) but if it is expected, normal and unavoidable then
  > perhaps we should just remove that message altogether?

  I don't have an answer to that question. To be honest, I haven't
  looked real hard. We never had this at all, then it started out of the
  blue, but only on our Dell 730xd machines (and it hits all of them),
  but no other classes or brands of machines. And we have our 730xd
  machines loaded up with different brands and models of cards (for
  instance one dedicated to mlx4 hardware, one for qib, one for mlx5, an
  ocrdma/cxgb4 combo, etc), so the fact that it hit all of the machines
  meant it wasn't tied to any particular brand/model of RDMA hardware.
  To me, it always smelled of a hardware oddity specific to maybe the
  CPUs or mainboard chipsets in these machines, so given that I'm not an
  mm expert anyway, I never chased it down.

  A few other relevant details: it showed up somewhere around 4.8/4.9 or
  thereabouts. It never happened before, but the prinkt has been there
  since the 3.18 days, so possibly the test to trigger this message was
  changed, or something else in the allocator changed such that the
  situation started happening on these machines?

  And, like I said, it is specific to our 730xd machines (but they are
  all identical, so that could mean it's something like their specific
  ram configuration is causing the allocator to hit this on these
  machine but not on other machines in the cluster, I don't want to say
  it's necessarily the model of chipset or CPU, there are other bits of
  identicalness between these machines)"

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/499c0f6cc10d6eb829a67f2a4d75b4228a9b356e.1501695897.git.jtoppins@redhat.com
Signed-off-by: Jonathan Toppins <jtoppins@redhat.com>
Reviewed-by: Doug Ledford <dledford@redhat.com>
Tested-by: Doug Ledford <dledford@redhat.com>
Cc: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.com>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: Hillf Danton <hillf.zj@alibaba-inc.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [Perfectfire33/ebay_api](https://github.com/Perfectfire33/ebay_api)@[8adcb824b1...](https://github.com/Perfectfire33/ebay_api/commit/8adcb824b11ce1da68c1572eea06cad3d9836208)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 03:35:06 by Perfectfire33

Will Continue to Look at lights in trees

sue
suie
i=BLUE LIGHT SPECIAL INTERCEPT
(anytime I mispell a word and don't have an immediate knowing recently has turned into this means BLUE LIGHT SPECIAL (literal demon side of the Black Magic Controller Pair Paradigm)

Black Magic Controller Pair Paradigm = {
	BLACK PIRATE FLAG (Husband) --> Knights Templar (Honorable but Despicable)
	+
	ILLUMNATI CONFIRMED (Wife) --> Royal Bloodline (Pure Evil)
}

Pure Evil --> Demon Summoning
Honorable but Despicable --> target of Spel;l ;=winkyeye

BLUE_LIGHT_SPECIAL_INTERCEPT("suie") = {
	spelling makes no sense because demon's job is to confuse you (my reality is showing me the fact that I mispelled it and don't know why 
[e.g. instead of PIRATE CODE {e.g. af=first}, the blue light special intercept will require a (just learning now so we'll call it0=infinite BLUE LIGHT SPECIAL CODE)] blue light special *code* that we don't know yet. Maybe all the = signs throughout the full circle https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1rKNa_74pa7Kpic2pFEf1Y2vPSNFXeLULuV8nnFm8G4Y/edit?usp=sharing document if lined up right will end in a final code (see underneath the "Is it Papa who is being branded?" blue square: bitchute video https://www.bitchute.com/video/iAE5KsqdgbJL/)
the last final code might be in this upload (that rymed, just like Jesus [voice in my head says it that way])
}

sue sue = sue with snow wite ie and sue in 26075
jim (across street, who came by and talked to me today and lectured me that bong mold might cause me to have mental problems LOL) and jim (who used to live in MTU neighbor house)
christye=ye=yeschristen and cristen ^^^^^
betty and howard
ray and aldonna
why dupble everything?
dup=WARE=EMERGENCY
maybe don't need to integrate Warcraft II: DUP into this?>because>=greaterThanApocalypse>any of these "specials"

white lights in trees haven't started lookin will lookin how

---
## [Mantaro/MantaroBot](https://github.com/Mantaro/MantaroBot)@[7ac98cf9f0...](https://github.com/Mantaro/MantaroBot/commit/7ac98cf9f0ea3da0c7f7d5fff7be4f6f13f74cd5)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 04:23:24 by natanbc

ugly hacks to get new command stuff to work with old shit

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[2d6dec3028...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/2d6dec302835b368c8d263bbe41d9d37e99cd26c)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 06:38:19 by Marko Grdinić

"8:10am. I hope nobody answered the SO question from yesterday, because I've figured it out. The reason why you need two channels is to force the users to go through the server. You'd be able to tell what the problem with using just a single channel is if you removed the server entirely.

...Nobody answered it, great. Let me try my hypothesis.

8:25am. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62327130/why-are-two-bidirectional-channels-needed-to-implement-the-server-protocol-for-a/62338633#62338633

I did it. Great.

```fs
let cell x =
    let c = Ch ()
    Job.start (put c x) >>-. c
```

I wonder why this `Job.start` is needed here?

...Is it because it blocks the main thread otherwise? That could be it.

```
module HopacExample2

open System
open Hopac
open Hopac.Infixes

let get c = Ch.take c
let put c (x: 'a) = Ch.give c x

run <| job {
    let c = Ch ()
    let print () = Job.start (get c >>- fun i -> printf "%i\n" i)
    let put i = Job.start (put c i)
    for i=1 to 6 do
        do! print()
        do! put i
    }

Console.ReadKey()
```

That has to be it. Yeah, I get it.

8:35am. I am quite pleased that I managed to figure it out on my own. The answer came to me in the morning as soon as I woke up. That this is happening gives me hope.

Let me do my usual morning reading and then I'll start after that. The plan is to both study Reppy's book and prototype the language server side by side. To start things off, I think I will study even though I really should be prototyping."

---
## [UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael)@[637b26ca11...](https://github.com/UtsavBalar1231/kernel_xiaomi_raphael/commit/637b26ca11fcbb9ecb88f278652a05ab81e6eb98)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 06:51:41 by UtsavisGreat

techpack: audio: unguard TARGET_PRODUCT definations for raphael

fuck you meme

Signed-off-by: UtsavisGreat <utsavbalar1231@gmail.com>

---
## [Tebrion74/Montgomery-radiocohost-trollbot-skill](https://github.com/Tebrion74/Montgomery-radiocohost-trollbot-skill)@[09296804b4...](https://github.com/Tebrion74/Montgomery-radiocohost-trollbot-skill/commit/09296804b463e6cb36a71e928439d1180ab00ef1)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 09:18:26 by Robert Morris

Idiothost intent update

This is where I self deprecate as I will likely be the host and take the brunt of my own abuse. 
But it is fun to write.. can't wait to write some actual procedural code and get responses based on it rather than a ... Yeah ..
I welcome ya'll to go ahead and add to both of these, I will be working in an emotion system .

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[0f6496a55c...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/0f6496a55ceefa0f1bf1668fcef49b5182471695)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 11:47:40 by Ryll Ryll

[READY] Adds Medical Wounds: Bamboo Bones and the Skin of Your Teeth (#50558)

About The Pull Request

This PR adds medical wounds, new forms of injuries that people can suffer that cause debilitation and complications, and often require more than what can be found in a medkit to treat. But let's be honest, big complicated walls of text about medical changes make people's eyes glaze over easily- so I created a handy infograph to explain the basics!

Also there's a full guide here!

dreamseeker_2020-04-18_20-42-19.png

The infograph may not be fully up to date with the specifics of the PR's status, but it'll be updated along with major changes so people have something to use as a crash course for familiarizing themselves with how wounds function. I also have another infograph with all 9 of the possible initial wounds coming, and will be up soon. You can also find the longform design doc here with more info on the broad details, including descriptions of treatments: hackmd whee
What this does

There's a lot to cover, but here's the bullet points of the main features and changes:

    Getting lots of damage on a limb can result in wounds, with more damage causing worse wounds. These can range from dislocated joints and minor cuts to compound fractures and fourth degree burns, and can affect you in different ways depending on what bodypart they're applied to (namely with broken bones).
    You can damage individual bodyparts on clothing (only jumpsuits for now) through the use of lasers and sharp weapons. Bodyparts that reach max damage are considered "shredded" and will not apply any protection for that zone until it is repaired with cloth. If all zones are disabled, the entire piece of clothing is shredded and unwearable until repaired with 3 cloth. Jumpsuits give a small amount of wound protection, and since sharp weapons and lasers generally get extra wound bonuses against bare flesh, even a plain jumpsuit provides decent protection from a few laser shots or scalpel stabs.
    Lasers gain a powerful niche versus unarmored/lightly armored carbons! As noted above, lasers can shred clothing and burn away zones of jumpsuits in 2 shots each, after which the target's bare flesh is exposed (barring other clothing), and lasers excel at dealing burn wounds against uncovered skin. Think big, nasty charring!
    Bleeding is now totally limb based, and gauze is as well. Bleeding is also 95% cut wound based, meaning sharp weapons make you bleed rather than just having 40+ brute on a limb.
    The more wounds and damage you get on a bodypart, the easier it'll be to gain more severe wounds. Wounds are arranged from Moderate, to Severe, to Critical in increasing severity, and you'll generally have to suffer the lesser ones before getting the worse ones.

dreamseeker_2020-05-15_03-15-59.png
Above: Someone having an incredibly bad day from bloodloss

dreamseeker_2020-05-04_22-29-29.png
Above: Scars from healed wounds

ShareX_2020-05-15_06-55-20.png
Above: Actual combat involving someone's head getting cracked

Here's a quick, if non-exhaustive, list of things I have left to do before I consider it feature complete

Finish adding treatments for each wound type/severity (mostly surgeries/triage for critical wounds)
Add second winds for bad injuries to give the victim a chance to get away
Flesh out severe & critical injuries in general
Find sprites for the bonesetter, bone gel, and anything else that might be needed
Add the medical items for treating the less severe wounds to the station
Polish code and remove any redundancies I left behind

    Quick balance pass to make sure nothing is horribly abuseable

Why It's Good For The Game

Adds a flexible new system for representing damage on carbons with injuries that can be treated in different ways. Moderate wounds from getting toolboxed or sliced with a scalpel can usually be treated by a buddy or even by yourself with the right tools, but getting flayed with a fireaxe or a laser gun emptied into your bare skin may require extra attention or even surgery in bad cases! Also makes laser guns cooler and more like 40k lasguns that can flash fry people (cool!)

This should also make spessmen more resilient and harder to kill outright, while still adding consequences and complications to getting hurt. Wounds aren't immediately fatal, but they can do things like slow down interactions, deal damage over time through infections, and generally make you more fragile until fixed. They can also give you a "second wind" on being applied that gives you a small adrenaline boost (or whatever) to help disengage and escape immediate danger.
Changelog

🆑 Ryll/Shaps
add: Introduces medical wounds, new injuries that can happen to fleshy carbons when they sustain lots of damage on a bodypart. There's quite a lot of change here, but you can read the guide at: https://tgstation13.org/wiki/Guide_to_wounds and an extended changelog is available here: https://hackmd.io/l_FI9b3tSqa_woDadewJXA
add: Introduces scars and temporal scarring! Healing a wound leaves a scar behind that can be seen by examining someone twice rapidly, and if Temporal Scarring is enabled in character prefs, surviving a round with scars will save them to be granted at roundstart another round! Let your body tell stories!
tweak: Bleeding is now fully bodypart-focused, and 95% of bleeding comes from cut wounds from sharp weapons. Gauze is applied on a limb-by-limb basis, and helps staunch bloodflow rather than totally stop it. Notably, you no longer bleed just from having 40+ brute damage on a limb.
del: Organic bodyparts are no longer disabled at maximum damage, but are easier to cause wounds to
add: O2 medkits in emergency lockers have been replaced with new emergency medkits with basic tools for diagnosing and treating wounds and basic damage
tweak: Herapin now rapidly increases bleeding on all open cuts, rather than causing bleeding by itself. The more cuts on the target, the more it will affect them.
tweak: Neckgrab table slams now hit the targeted limb rather than just the head, with a large chance to dislocate or break a bone
tweak: Sharp weapons and burning weapons can now shred zones on jumpsuits, disabling protection on that limb. Damaged clothes can be repaired with cloth.
tweak: Slaughter demons now deal less raw damage, but gain the ability to cause cut wounds, which becomes more powerful with each attack on a humanoid but resets when bloodcrawling.
/🆑

---
## [teoet6/sort_visualisation](https://github.com/teoet6/sort_visualisation)@[6c694d378e...](https://github.com/teoet6/sort_visualisation/commit/6c694d378eca6675d788f8341db5c1e41e98ff06)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 14:18:38 by teoet6

Literally fixed everything Sashko fucked up (Fuck you, Sasho)

Changes made: Opravih retardnatija ti camelCase, opravih retardnatata ti funkcija (onaja s camelCase). Minalijat commit ti opravih versijata ot predi 17,5 miliarda godini. Zaradi fakta che ne mozhesh da pishesh kadyren kod bukvalno trjabvashe da pisha celija index.html nanovo.

---
## [teoet6/sort_visualisation](https://github.com/teoet6/sort_visualisation)@[893c6b1eaf...](https://github.com/teoet6/sort_visualisation/commit/893c6b1eaf494ce73d7921d14720e4eb99f633fd)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 14:20:10 by teoet6

Removed the camelCase function (Follow up to Fuck you, Sasho)

---
## [BitTim/Death-is-not-the-end](https://github.com/BitTim/Death-is-not-the-end)@[eea1fe56bd...](https://github.com/BitTim/Death-is-not-the-end/commit/eea1fe56bd4f64b14e1a12a69a15def72faf12ff)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 14:20:23 by ya mum

Did all kinds of crazy shit

- Added Soulpoint texture
- Added WIP folder for Sprites to add all WIP textures to (I swear to god if you don't upload your shit in there imma finna kick yo ass)

---
## [SteRoy/OnlineDebateSystem](https://github.com/SteRoy/OnlineDebateSystem)@[7352bda57a...](https://github.com/SteRoy/OnlineDebateSystem/commit/7352bda57a98770281ee93022f14c7cc7e3ad8e4)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 15:48:39 by SteRoy

allow override of the 'latest' round for the draw page pull from TC side note: fuck javascript so fucking much god fucking damn string-int comparisons are fkin type specific

Signed-off-by: SteRoy <stevenandrewroy@gmail.com>

---
## [AlexisNP/spellsaurus](https://github.com/AlexisNP/spellsaurus)@[678736b8cc...](https://github.com/AlexisNP/spellsaurus/commit/678736b8cc80ac0df2543a0173068497608c0f06)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 18:02:26 by Alexis

- Finished this fucking weird shit oh my god I will DIE.

---
## [TerryCavanagh/VVVVVV](https://github.com/TerryCavanagh/VVVVVV)@[c2c0644453...](https://github.com/TerryCavanagh/VVVVVV/commit/c2c06444531ec176626faff0caf212c33f26463e)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 20:01:29 by Misa

Fix loading levels saved with 2.2 or earlier

2.2 and earlier had this god-awful thing where it put the closing tag of
an edentity onto the next line, and then kept the indentation the same.
This requires parsing the XML in an extremely specific way (i.e.
ignoring the whitespace) so the newline and indentation isn't taken as
part of the actual contents of the tag.

2.3 removed this awful whitespace entirely to make it easier on parsers.
When I tested #270, I tested against a 2.3 re-save of Dimension Open and
diffed the two, because I thought testing against the original version
of the level would result in a bunch of noise I didn't want due to the
whitespace change. Well, I did exactly what I intended, and ended up
ignoring the whitespace change so much that levels saved in this stupid
format ended up getting broken.

Luckily, we can just tell TinyXML-2 to parse a document exactly like how
TinyXML-1 would've parsed it, by supplying the COLLAPSE_WHITESPACE enum
to it (by default it's on PRESERVE_WHITESPACE).

---
## [MiniDigger/MiniMessage](https://github.com/MiniDigger/MiniMessage)@[a1d35bfaa5...](https://github.com/MiniDigger/MiniMessage/commit/a1d35bfaa5d2d57e9888e459376f043053baea5d)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 20:14:43 by MiniDigger

Implement lang components with placeholders, finish docs

This what a fucking pain in the ass

Fixes #15

Signed-off-by: MiniDigger <admin@minidigger.me>

---
## [chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod)@[46cc8fd12b...](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod/commit/46cc8fd12b841d3fb1d825a1ace205a421ca39ca)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 22:54:16 by Chaosvolt

Update and obosolete motes of artifice

* With thanks to Kenan for sending me fixed versions of the items,
corrects the issues with JSON changes to lockpicking items.
* However, moved them to obsolete.json since Magic Sign: Opening and its
Arcane Blessing counterpart have used ter-transform for a while, and I
kinda forgot to move these to the obsolete file. Keeping them for now in
case of old saves.

---
## [Shana6/RabbitOnline](https://github.com/Shana6/RabbitOnline)@[a452f452f3...](https://github.com/Shana6/RabbitOnline/commit/a452f452f352f85a6b3f46743de8de80c98a76fa)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 23:12:30 by Sanae Kochiya

Holy fuck this commit is massive ass, but i want to archive this now that i have a better option for doing multiplayer

---
## [lillobby6/The-Stuff-Extension](https://github.com/lillobby6/The-Stuff-Extension)@[41f5ed3a42...](https://github.com/lillobby6/The-Stuff-Extension/commit/41f5ed3a42fa8ca71dbd4df5e33c9b8bc874f4a5)
#### Friday 2020-06-12 23:15:08 by lillobby6

More Tinkers' Materials: v1.3.0.6-1.12.2

+ Added more materials to be compatable with Tinkers' Construct

+ + Brightsteel, Reforged Gold, Magic, Mithril, Mortium, Mysterious, Mystic, Sky Iron, Terrium, Vividium, Extranetium

- - Balanced these materials

+ Added 2 new modifiers for Tinkers' Construct

+ + Ameliorating - when dealing damage to living creatures, you are granted regeneration for a few seconds

+ + God of Thunder - strikes lightning onto the ground in front of you where your enemy is (or was), deals damage to everything nearby, including you, and including fire

+ Added tool mining levels for Tinker's Construct including the proper colors (this may be auto-compatable with WAILA, but if not it will be added there soon)

+ Added texture for upcoming alloy, Dream, a mixture between Manyullyn and Magic (which will only be accessable when Tinkers' Construct is installed). Will be alloyable in both the Smeltery and the Alloy Furnace.

+ Re-added the machines to the Creative Tabs

+ Cleanup a lot of code related to GUIs to make it easier for me to manage everything and, in theory, a lot easier for someone to make a mod extension (which, while encouraged, would be very difficult right now because there is no API or easy utils).

Known Bugs:

- Missing textures for 2 armor sets, stone gear, and block forms of the liquids

Notes:

- Please report any bugs found in these Alpha Versions so I can fix them, any crashes please include the crash report.

Enjoy :)

---

# [<](2020-06-11.md) 2020-06-12 [>](2020-06-13.md)

