# [<](2020-09-01.md) 2020-09-02 [>](2020-09-03.md)

189,046 events, 85,533 push events, 137,026 commit messages, 11,164,729 characters


## [UBC-STAT/stat545.stat.ubc.ca](https://github.com/UBC-STAT/stat545.stat.ubc.ca)@[30e5a3292e...](https://github.com/UBC-STAT/stat545.stat.ubc.ca/commit/30e5a3292e6fbe76a80f76bf802429fc5d1ede58)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-02 22:03:46 by Icíar Fernández

Create guidebook-worksheets.md

As discussed in today's meeting #16, I have started this document with the goal of mapping the current guidebook sections to the new class outline. I realize that we only discussed mapping titles to worksheets/video/remove, but I also added a few notes about in-class demos / pre-reading materials (it felt intuitive to do this as I was reading through the guidebook); I hope this is okay! My impression is that this could be a useful outline going forward, I also thought that it may be a good place to include a "learning objectives" section within each revised class meeting?

I have tried to keep it organized, but I realize that there are some ideas that would probably better fit elsewhere (i.e. the addition of the syllabus as a part of the course structure section within the website). I will make note of these and add them into the general 2020 new outline document as well. I look forward to hearing your thoughts, and if you find that this type of document works well with our goal, and seems helpful for thinking about the classes / videos / worksheets, I am happy to continue slowly chipping away at it! Otherwise we can revisit and discuss what's best.

Thank you,
Icíar

---
## [UBC-STAT/stat545.stat.ubc.ca](https://github.com/UBC-STAT/stat545.stat.ubc.ca)@[a16b290992...](https://github.com/UBC-STAT/stat545.stat.ubc.ca/commit/a16b2909920e8f47e405812094cb7e33205d8733)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-02 22:04:06 by Icíar Fernández

Update 2020-new-outline.md

I updated some very small sections of the document just so that what we discussed in today's meeting (#16) would be reflected here. These are the things I modified:

- Removed the initial group project text as it was redundant with the new "collaborative troubleshooting" evaluation section (named this tentatively)
- Updated the mini-project section but kept it minimal since I will be creating an individual document for this (as discussed in #16)
- Added brief points discussed in #16 and today's meeting to "participation" section
- Commented on a few points that I had made notes for but forgot to bring up in the meeting today: (a) in the "office hours" section, added a few suggestions; (b) added a few notes about the website in the "to develop" section; (c) opened up a point for discussion also under "to develop" regarding what we discussed a couple weeks ago about helping students navigate Zoom. 

I look forward to hearing your thoughts! Thank you.

---
## [sojourn-13/sojourn-station](https://github.com/sojourn-13/sojourn-station)@[de2ea9bb18...](https://github.com/sojourn-13/sojourn-station/commit/de2ea9bb18556348355bcff223588d6be98f1353)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-02 22:07:07 by Kazkin

Fixed a nanite issue that made nanites shit.

Fixed a nanite issue that made nanites shit. It caused more toxins than it could heal, causing an infinite loop of sadness for normal nanites and making the healing nanites kinda useless.

---
## [ATH1909/tgstation](https://github.com/ATH1909/tgstation)@[6e9aa2f7df...](https://github.com/ATH1909/tgstation/commit/6e9aa2f7df3e29d2815c04b60c8c2ba8de069ef4)
#### Wednesday 2020-09-02 23:40:28 by tralezab

Adds swab for netherworld critters (#53201)

Adds netherworld critters as a swab. They take primarily maintenance, lavaland, and bartending reagents, they're supplemented by all geyser chems and minorly chemistry, and they are suppressed by any kind of generic growing meat (liquid gibs, nutriment, protein and peptides)

The abberant cells randomly pick a netherworld mob every time they are created. the big jackpot here is migo for the reasonable health and high damage, and the whiff are blank bodies for having good health but awful damage.
Why It's Good For The Game

Players love migos and other netherworld critters are aight. They're fairly strong, and so have a medium amount of reagents. Tried to get funky with it since they're supposed to be odd creatures.

(New swab for netherworld critters! Make sure you put them into a different vat system than your other ones, as they do not react well with normal reagents!)

Co-authored-by: Jared-Fogle <35135081+Jared-Fogle@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---

# [<](2020-09-01.md) 2020-09-02 [>](2020-09-03.md)

