# [<](2020-11-29.md) 2020-11-30 [>](2020-12-01.md)

207,574 events, 110,183 push events, 181,071 commit messages, 13,512,730 characters


## [1ctinus/website](https://github.com/1ctinus/website)@[61d5f79817...](https://github.com/1ctinus/website/commit/61d5f79817172a11a1a2a6e47401686e1e4034b3)
#### Monday 2020-11-30 23:37:04 by 1ctinus

Create index.html

just did a bad thing
i regret the thing i did
and you're wondering what it is
i'll tell you what i did
i did a bad thing

i'm having a bad day
it's turning into a bad year
all the things i'm supposed to do
and the places i'm supposed to go
are cancelled
oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh (oh)

hey, what's the name of this game
and how do you play it?
and how long does it take?
(bing, bong, bay ohhhh)
and how many times is the game going to change? (ahh)
hey, let me out of this place
(and) out into the real world where maybe things can go my way
oh oh oh everything goes my way
oh oh oh everyone knows my name

i'm having a bad dream
i wonder what this bad dream means
i wonder if i'm sad
i wonder if i'm glad,
or if i'm just having a sad glad dream

it's a sad mad and bad glad dream
[instrumental echo]
and i won't get mad about the dream
if you promise to believe in me

it's a sad bad and mad glad scheme
it's the best scheme i have,
and that's bad enough for me
and i won't get sad if you don't see
just how mad glad my schemes can be

just did a bad thing
i've ruined everything
and i've let the things i've ruined ruin me


hey, what's the name of this game
and how do you play it?
and how long shall it take?
(bing, bong, bay ohhhh)
and how many times is the game supposed to change? (ahh)
hey, get me out of this place
(and) out into the real world where maybe things can go my way
oh oh oh everything goes my way
oh oh oh everything goes astray

just did a strange thing
now everything's pink

---
## [Mu-L/agones](https://github.com/Mu-L/agones)@[40e6e50fb5...](https://github.com/Mu-L/agones/commit/40e6e50fb52f559693f8b5d91a32bfcbb1bd5887)
#### Monday 2020-11-30 23:47:14 by Mark Mandel

Update minikube dev tooling (#1906)

Needed to update minikube to Kubernetes 1.17.x and I figured I would
also go through the minikube dev experience and update it.

This includes:

* Switch to default to the Docker driver, since everyone should have
  Docker installed.
* Removing the Windows hacks, because they were awful and I feel bad I
  even wrote them in the first place.
* Migrate tooling to use new minikube functionality
* Update minikube commands to up to date release conformity.
* Updated the documentation

Work on #1824

---

# [<](2020-11-29.md) 2020-11-30 [>](2020-12-01.md)

