# [<](2020-04-18.md) 2020-04-19 [>](2020-04-20.md)

2,014,947 events, 1,123,943 push events, 1,633,891 commit messages, 89,531,629 characters


## [connormatheny1/mega-games](https://github.com/connormatheny1/mega-games)@[e7f454b282...](https://github.com/connormatheny1/mega-games/commit/e7f454b282d3daeeac1c06720f35233ea115e17a)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 00:44:17 by connormatheny

sup boys, just woke up from a nap, little dark out, but what? are you silly? im still gonna senndddiiiittttt, oh yea implement chat, ui look good, add emoji support and ability to toggle on/off, uh fuck yea, start game logic created, socket evts for starting game implemented, game board build begin, seems to me this shit pretty mega screeeeeeeeee

---
## [swf541/ColdWarIronCurtain](https://github.com/swf541/ColdWarIronCurtain)@[7fb598a6b1...](https://github.com/swf541/ColdWarIronCurtain/commit/7fb598a6b163bd00f7beefef909e11d7a2593728)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 02:28:56 by Star Foth

Stop ace event spam holy shit

Stopped the annoying ace event spam

---
## [UristMcStation/UristMcStation](https://github.com/UristMcStation/UristMcStation)@[e1c48c2e2d...](https://github.com/UristMcStation/UristMcStation/commit/e1c48c2e2d1985d1500bf36979d7f44509aaa8f4)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 06:22:04 by Alex

Adds several new drinks (#853)

* Adds juiceboxes to Vendors!

* Fixes my life, fuck you travis

* Fixes trash not working, as per usual.

* fix proc

* this should fix the issues

* Update food.dm

Co-authored-by: Glloyd <glloyd9714@gmail.com>

---
## [duncanspumpkin/OpenRCT2](https://github.com/duncanspumpkin/OpenRCT2)@[a8b5304786...](https://github.com/duncanspumpkin/OpenRCT2/commit/a8b5304786abb546ddb7a082a3ba27dc4284be70)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 07:29:00 by Ted John

Remove exe / com wrapper around openrct2.dll for Windows (#10727)

We get repeated reports of people saying the game is incorrectly reported as a virus. It is becoming more inconvenient for players and even myself, because when we attempt to download a build, it is immediately deleted by scanners (including the default for Windows: Windows Defender).

One scanner is not too much of an issue, but the game is flagged by almost half of available scanners as reported by VirusTotal.

So why is it being flagged?

Windows has a very annoying concept, the subsystem for a binary. The console subsystem allows stdin / stdout as you would expect, just like posix. Unfortunately if a user runs a console subsystem binary from the desktop or explorer, the game will be opened under conhost and thus you get a console showing alongside the game window. This is not a good user experience for most players. To resolve this, you can use the windows subsystem, but this will detach stdin and stdout immediately on launch. There are hacks that can be done in code to allocate a new console but I found this to not work very well with stdin or other terminal emulators.

My solution to the problem was to have two binaries: openrct2.exe and openrct2.com. Both are executable but openrct2.exe is windows subsystem, openrct2.com is console subsystem. The desktop shortcut opens openrct2.exe with no console window showing. Typing openrct2 on the command line will execute openrct2.com (as .com has higher PATH precedence than .exe by default) with working stdin and stdout. In order to reduce the size, I have the entire game inside openrct2.dll and then supply two tiny wrapper EXEs that simply route main(...) into the DLL.

These wrapper EXEs are the problem, they are very small and do nothing but call into a DLL, this must match virus signatures too closely and their size probably reduces the data available for the scanner to analyse.

So as I can not find any other way of achieving my goal of a cli and gui version of OpenRCT2, this changes the build to publish openrct2 as a single executable (rather than a DLL + wrapper EXE), and then duplicate the entire ~10MB exe again and flip the subsystem flag. The installer and zip size won't be affected as this extra size will be completely compressed out, but when unpacked will lead to an extra ~10MB on disc. But I think it is a fair compromise.

VirusTotal now reports all artefacts as safe, for now anyway.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[602092d54c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/602092d54c8f5b8245371b764cc9f5b0aa47f6b4)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 11:13:17 by Marko Grdinić

"10:20am. I am up. Let me chill a bit and I will start.

10:45am. Let me start. First of all, let me make a minimal example for that compiler issue that I opened.

11:05am. Got a reply just now by Maxime, it seems there is no need for it.

Once again I am reminded what a ridiculous amount of time it takes to set up a Fable project.

Ok, focus me. I need to test the rest of the functionality.

11:10am. The call hierarchy for the first word does not work.

I need to figure it out. Let me go for another round of debugging.

11:15am.

```
                            |> Seq.choose (fun relation ->
                                if relation.subject = originRelation.subject then
                                    show_info relation.meta.original_text
```

Actually, this shows the right relations. It was that bug where the relations do not get displayed even though they are there.

11:20am.

```
                    |> Option.map (fun x ->
                        show_info <| sprintf "%i" x.Count
                        x
                        )
```

How strange. The count is nonexistent for the second item.

```
                            |> Seq.choose (fun relation ->
                                if relation.subject = originRelation.subject then
                                    show_info relation.meta.original_text
                                    let outgoingCallRange = range_of relation.object originRelation
                                    let verbItem = createCallHierarchyItem(relation.object, "noun", document, outgoingCallRange)
                                    statics.CallHierarchyOutgoingCall.Create(verbItem,ResizeArray([|outgoingCallRange|]))
                                    |> Some
                                else None
                                )
```

Is there something wrong with `Seq.choose`?

```
  ERR Word not found in the original text: Error: Word not found in the original text
 at range_of (e:\Webdev\Fable\fable-call-hierarchy-sample\out\Extension.js:172:11)
 at chooser (e:\Webdev\Fable\fable-call-hierarchy-sample\out\Extension.js:210:43)
```

Ah, I am getting this exception and hadn't noticed it.

The word that is creating trouble is `lizard`.

```
let outgoingCallRange = range_of relation.object originRelation
```

Does it really have to be the origin relation here? I mean of course the range is not going to be present. Did I make this mistake?

```
  if (model.isVerb(item.name)) {
   let outgoingCalls = model.getVerbRelations(item.name)
    .filter(relation => relation.subject === originRelation!.subject);

   outgoingCalls.forEach(relation => {
    let outgoingCallRange = relation.getRangeOf(relation.object);
```

Yes, I did.

11:30am. Ok, now the outgoing calls 100% work.

It is really cool how if you click on eats, it can have multiple selections.

11:35am. Oh yes, when all this is over, I need to investigate why that ``then`` gave me an error. In fact, let me investigate that now.

```
        member t.provideCallHierarchyOutgoingCalls(item,token) =
            workspace.openTextDocument(item.uri).``then``(fun document ->
                let model = parse document
```

Let me give this a shot.

...It works. I guess the error was related to the other bugs that I fixed. All is fine.

11:40am.

```
                createCallHierarchyItem(word,"",document,range) |> U2.Case1
                )
        member t.provideCallHierarchyOutgoingCalls(item,token) =
            workspace.openTextDocument(item.uri).``then``(fun document ->
```

I find it really bizarre that I have to go through the text document twice. Since I've given the document to item...Ah, no I can't get it as it could be async. But it does have ranges for some dumb reason.

Seriously, why can't they just use `Observable`s here? Instead I have to deal with this bloat.

Well, it is fine.

11:45am. The next thing I need to test would be outgoing calls. Let me do it.

11:50am. Outgoing seems to be A-OK. It does not seem like I need to do any fixing for it.

```
let outgoingCallRange = range_of relation.subject originRelation
```

And yet, this cannot be right.

```
member t.prepareCallHierarchy(document,position,token) =
```

Oh, actually this thing only gets called once.

12pm. Hmmmm...Ah, actually the call hierarchy might go across multiple files. Then I guess the current API is fine.

```
type ProviderResult<'T> =
    U2<'T, Promise<'T option>> option
```

Now...this whole undefined thing is making me antsy. The options here should be undefined when `None`. It won't pass null will it?

I have to test this, but I fear the worst here. If it turns out it is generating null then the whole JS interop story is ruined for Fable.

12:40pm. "The above bug made me ansty so I've checked something out.

```
let f (x : int option) = 1
f None
```

```
function f(x) {
  return 1;
}

f(null);
```

As I feared it is generating `null` for regular option arguments. This is a problem.

For example, in the VS Code API...I want to give an example, but it occurs everywhere. Everywhere you have `x | undefined` in Typescript, `ts2fable` will translate it to `x option`. That mean that if I am implementing some interface method translated by `ts2fable` which returns some `'x option` type I have to watch out for it actually being `x | undefined`. If I return a `None`, it will get compiled to `null` on the JS side and that will be an error.

Right now from my perspective, the Fable JS interop story is completely broken. I am not sure where to place the blame, but `ts2fable` is essentially generating erroneous code everywhere. As a language creator myself, I really feel that these issues should have been hammered out during the design stage because as a user I am not at all happy to run into them right now.

My suggestions:
1) As annoying as it is, you actually need 3 different types to adequately represent JS's doubled-down brand of the billion dollar mistake.

* The regular option type for things that might be `_ | undefined`.
* The nullable type for things that might be `_ | null`.
* The nullable option type for things that might be `_ | null | undefined`.

This should be introduced into the language and the libraries.

2) Right now you have `undefined : 'a` in `Fable.Core.JS`. This is totally the wrong implementation for it and should be replaced with what I am suggesting in the above point.

3) The label `enhancement` is wholly inappropriate for this issue. This is a severe compiler bug."

Maybe I should change the title from `Null is erroneously generated instead of undefined for optional arguments` to `Null is erroneously generated instead of undefined`?

12:55pm. No, the issue 2028 that I opened was for the optional arguments. No need to derail it even though the errors run much deeper.

Basically, my Fable adventure ends here. I am not going to use the language when it is this poorly designed. These bugs are absolutely unforgivable.

I am going to have to look into `ReasonML`. I'll repeat the call hierarchy example in it.

Sight, I've failed once more. What a disappointment.

1:05pm. With ReasonML, I am going to start by looking into how it handles these issues of the option type. I know it has the nullable type, but I haven't seen the nullable option type. This bothers me. Apart from that, I am going to have to look into the bindings generator for it. It was called Reasonably Typed. That only a third of the tests passed for it was a bit funny, but not encouraging.

Maybe in the end I'll go with Typescript. This is where things are pointing.

1:10pm. Let me stop here. I am overdue on breakfast."

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[9073afb0e7...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/9073afb0e768e7408038362af2bdc0fe4d366b03)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 14:59:28 by Daniel Nunes

Add fomod installer support

Option types are not validated - contradicting group and
option types should be undefined behaviour.
However, to simplify, option type always wins the conflict
and we deliver a warning if needed.

As an example, in a SelectAll group a NotUsable option
would not be selected.

Remove fomod metadata handling

Rework fomod installer backend

Changed:
  - User's choices are now "saved" when going to previous pages
  - Folders to install are now properly merged based on priority
  - Omitted destination attributes in file/folder tags are now
    properly handled.

TODO:
  - Update tests in test_bash repo
  - Add some inline documentation

This must go into the final commit message:

Ignored tags:
  - moduleImage
  - fommDependency

Ignored attributes:
  - position, colour - [moduleName]
  - alwaysInstall, installIfUsable - [file, folder]

Note:

Rework exe-based game detection logic FFF fomods

@@ -64,3 +64,3 @@ def __init__(self, parent_window, installer, page_size, pos):
         data_path = bass.dirs["mods"]
-        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.exe).s)
+        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.launch_exe).s)
         game_ver = u".".join([unicode(i) for i in ver])

Some wx cleanup in gui fomods

Cache images it does speedup loading them

(although that's probably due to my using balt.Image)

FFF couple typos

FileInfo(object): -> _FomodFileInfo(object): FFF WIP

Infernio: Updated for 'Rework game version calculation'

SSS Improve FOMOD installer link name

Should be FOMOD or FOMod, not Fomod. Also added three dots, since that
link opens an interactive dialog.

SSS to be squashed into the final FOMOD commit

_text = _(u'FOMOD Installer...') class variable SSS

No need to override __init__

Remove some leftover debug prints

Replace PageInfo with OrderedDict

Std lib is better. Port of GandaG/pyfomod@547494309

Add some docs to the fomod backend

Update for recent merges

FFF A bunch of FOMOD hacks

I hadn't actually realised just *how* broken the wizard/FOMOD
interaction is up until I just now got a really cryptic error message
from a wizard. Just some examples:
 - SelectSubPackage didn't work properly when the package had an fomod,
   because fomods do not populate Installer.espmMap, which wizards use
   to detect what subpackages and plugins are available.
 - The same goes for SelectPlugin, all deselect variants, SelectAll,
   etc. Probably for loops with SubPackages as well.
 - I screwed up my earlier fix. While it no longer crashed, it made
   wizards (with or without FOMODs) unable to select the last
   subpackage. But see above, wizards with FOMODs had a hard time with
   that anyways ;)
 - The result of applying a wizard and an FOMOD is well-defined (the
   FOMOD always wins because it short-circuits refreshDataSizeCrc), but
   it looked really confusing in the GUI. Still possible to create
   manually by checking both the fomod subpackage and other subpackages,
   but wizards and FOMODs will now uncheck the other so WB at least no
   longer produces this weird state.

Threw in some tiny refactorings in belt (yay, two bolt.cmp_'s gone!)

SSS Rework FOMOD GUI

Depends on 190-de-wx-pt1, rewrites most of the GUI to use the wrappers
instead. Drops a whole bunch of wx usages, which is nice. RadioButton
needs wrapping, see all the ugly hacks at the bottom of gui_fomod. Also,
the design that uses __dict__ of wx objects to store group objects has
to go, it's fundamentally hacky and very fragile - e.g. imagine if the
wx guys decided to add __slots__ to their objects.

Also contains a bunch of fixes and misc improvements, e.g. user-facing
strings have been made translatable, some bugs that were carried over
from belt have been fixed, and the 'Back' button no longer works on the
first page.

Note the glaring TODOs - this is a straight up port of the original GUI,
but we currently don't have a way to change fonts, which the original
GUI relied on to differentiate its components. I added some
HBoxedLayouts as an alternative, which works fine for the main FOMOD
dialog and may even be an improvement in terms of visual clarity, but
doesn't help at all with the results screen, which is now an unreadable
mess.

Infernio: Updated for wrapped WizardDialog, gave fomods their own stored
size, updated for default_* -> item_*.

Utumno: fomod_gui: comments to docstrings

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

FFF fix FOMOD fileDependency evaluation

Wasn't taking ghosts into account and, more importantly, was passing
strings to the LO API, which expects paths. As a result, every file was
either missing or inactive.

Also went ahead and swapped all usages of bolt.Path for bolt.GPath.

FFF fix FOMOD PNGs

I could swear I commited this to nightly long ago, along with the main
pngcrush work, but it seems to have gotten lost somewhere along the way.
So here's a better version, that refactors the two nearly identical
methods.

FFF FOMOD de-wx & wx4 fixups

FFF Mopy/bash/basher/gui_fomod.py gui.Picture (untested!)

Add string prefixes to fomod

Also wrapped all lines to be below 80 chars, cleaned up newlines and
reformatted docstrings to match the rest of WB.

FFF rewrite for wrapped RadioButton

FFF Rework GUI for block_user API

Use that instead of disabling the checkboxes/radio buttons. Now they
fire hover events and we can show their info in the right pane. Fixes
all those 'informational' choices you get in FOMODs.

FFF Add mass selection links

Very cool feature for managing bigger FOMOD installs :)

---
## [DerpLab/platform_vendor_aosip](https://github.com/DerpLab/platform_vendor_aosip)@[2753620558...](https://github.com/DerpLab/platform_vendor_aosip/commit/27536205587810028f4cb9273483de554bc086dc)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 15:59:41 by Aman Kumar Singh

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3] (#19)

- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6

Co-authored-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[98f7394e54...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/98f7394e54de54ca4a092a89866e127e9328ed7b)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 16:49:00 by Marko Grdinić

"2:30pm. Let me read the latest chap of Overlord and I will resume.

2:50pm. It is this late? I really need to start even though I'd rather slack more.

2:55pm. Focus me, focus. Let me try out the ReasonML bindings generator.

https://github.com/rrdelaney/ReasonablyTyped

```
e:\Webdev\Typescript\vscode-extension-samples\helloworld-sample\node_modules\@types\vscode>retyped index.d.ts
internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:983
  throw err;
  ^

Error: Cannot find module './js/src/compiler'
Require stack:
- C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\reasonably-typed\lib\index.js
- C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\reasonably-typed\lib\cli.js
    at Function.Module._resolveFilename (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:980:15)
    at Function.Module._load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:862:27)
    at Module.require (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:1040:19)
    at require (internal/modules/cjs/helpers.js:72:18)
    at Object.<anonymous> (C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\reasonably-typed\lib\index.js:2:17)
    at Module._compile (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:1151:30)
    at Object.Module._extensions..js (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:1171:10)
    at Module.load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:1000:32)
    at Function.Module._load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:899:14)
    at Module.require (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:1040:19) {
  code: 'MODULE_NOT_FOUND',
  requireStack: [
    'C:\\Users\\Marko\\AppData\\Roaming\\npm\\node_modules\\reasonably-typed\\lib\\index.js',
    'C:\\Users\\Marko\\AppData\\Roaming\\npm\\node_modules\\reasonably-typed\\lib\\cli.js'
  ]
}
```

Sigh, what do I do here?

https://github.com/rrdelaney/ReasonablyTyped/issues/

It is issue 62 on here. This stuff is super alpha quality. It should not have even been published to NPM.

3:05pm. https://reasonml.github.io/docs/en/null-undefined-option#interoperate-with-javascript-undefined-and-null

Oh, ReasonML does the sensible thing and compiles option to `undefined`.

https://itnext.io/reasonml-create-bindings-for-npm-package-b8a3c6d0703e

https://reasonml.github.io/docs/en/null-undefined-option#solution-more-sophisticated-undefined-null-interop

3:15pm. https://bucklescript.github.io/bucklescript/api/Js.Nullable.html

What about just `null`?

https://reasonml.org/apis/javascript/latest/js/null

Ah, it is just called `Js.null` as opposed to `Js.null_undefined`.

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48331251/does-reason-support-nullable-types

3:25pm. Ok, I am doing my initial scan to make sure that I do not fall into the same pit again.

3:30pm. Let me gather my will and I will just do it. I am really so pissed. If only they have compiled the option type to undefined - this could be a minor compiler change, then things would have been so much easier for me.

3:35pm. At this point I think I have been playing with Fable for a week already though it seems less since I haven't been working on the example for more than a few days. Setting up the project and the initial study period seems to have taken just that much time. I honestly though it was less.

3:40pm. I need to start. Even though it is painful, I need to start this.

Let me open a new `ReasonML` project. I need to go at it all from the start.

...Well, let me take it easy. I need to gather my motivation to do it once again. It is not that easy. Let me do it step by step. I need to rebuild my skills.

```
bsb -init call-hierarchy-sample -theme basic-reason
```

Let me start with this.

3:40pm. https://reasonml.github.io/docs/en/interop

Just like I did for Fable, I am going to have to spend some time immersed in this.

4pm. By immersed, I did not mean surfing /a/ on the side. Right now I am debating whether I am overreacting here. But no, I think it was intentional that Fable's `option` acts like `Nullable`. This is truly JS-tier of language design.

They fucked up all the most important things whether it be interop or arrays.

In Spiral, the only thing I gambled on design wise and fucked up is making 64-bit ints the default. Thankfully once I get nominal prototypes the need for defaults will go away.

4:05pm. I need to gather my courage and go with what I believe in.

https://egghead.io/lessons/reason-async-await-in-reasonml

Oh, yes, I should really learn how to use async/await in ReasonML even if it means using a compiler extension.

This is another thing Fable got wrong - not using native Promises.

Interop nightmare list:
1) Options
2) Arrays
3) Promises

Tooling issues:
4) Setting up a project takes too long. Seeing clean output via fable splitter takes 10m
5) Editor support is less responsive than BuckleScript/ReasonML - and F# on VS. Fable is notably more laggy than Typescript.

4:10pm. https://github.com/reasonml-labs/bs-let

Let me watch this video.

4:15pm. `JS.WeakMap`

It seems that Fable has weak maps and sets in its library, but nothing for null and undefined.

`JsInterop.isNullOrUndefined`

Nothing for specifically testing for `undefined`. The library seems to want to pretend that they are the same thing. Yeah, I am not overreacting. Well, I'll know once I see the reaction of the authors.

Let me watch the bs-let video.

4:30pm. This is great. It is super cool that this is not some `async`, but supports general monadic binding. The fact that `Promise` does not have bind in Fable really hampered me.

4:35pm. Ok, that is one worry down. With ReasonML I will do it properly.

https://reasonml.github.io/docs/en/interop

Focus me, focus, on JS interop.

```
"C:\Users\Marko\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\bs-platform\win32\bsc.exe"  -warn-error +101
-color always -ppx "E:\Webdev\ReasonML\call-hierarchy-sample\node_modules\bs-let\ppx"  -o src\Demo.reast -bs-syntax-only -bs-binary-ast E:\Webdev\ReasonML\call-hierarchy-sample\src\Demo.re'E:\Webdev\ReasonML\call-hierarchy-sample\node_modules\bs-let\ppx' is not recognized as an internal or external command,
operable program or batch file.
```

What is going on here?

Actually the extension is not working for me.

"A Note about Windows Currently this project only precomiles binaries for linux and OS X according to the needs of existing maintainers. If you're a Windows user and would like to use this PPX, We'd love a pull-request that moves the project from Travis to Azure Pipelines and builds for all three platforms."

Whops.

4:55pm. Well, it does not matter that much. I'll bear with it.

```
// this method is called when your extension is activated
// your extension is activated the very first time the command is executed
export function activate(context: vscode.ExtensionContext) {
 // Use the console to output diagnostic information (console.log) and errors (console.error)
 // This line of code will only be executed once when your extension is activated
 console.log('Congratulations, your extension "call-hierarchy-sample" is now active!');

 let disposable = vscode.languages.registerCallHierarchyProvider('plaintext', new FoodPyramidHierarchyProvider());

 context.subscriptions.push(disposable);

 showSampleText(context);
}
```

Let me start from the top. Not only will I have to start from the top, but I will have to get familiar with the libraries as well.

5pm. https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/new-project

Ah, let me try this out. I'd much rather have Ocaml's syntax.

```
let () = Js.log "Hello, BuckleScript"

let y = 3;
```

I had no idea the editor supported Ocaml's syntax. This is great.

I am going to have to go through the docs to familiarize myself with it though.

5:10pm. https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/interop-overview

It seems there is not much on the BS site on the actual language. Rather the whole documentation is on interop.

"Major data structures in BuckleScript map over cleanly to JS. For example, a BS string is a JS string. A BS array is a JS array. The following BS code:"

Yeah, this is what I wanted with Fable.

5:20pm.

```
let f x y =
  [%debugger];
  x + y
```

This is cool.

5:35pm. https://bucklescript.github.io/bucklescript/api/

6pm. https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/object#records-as-objects

It seems there are chunks of code missing in the documentation. Ah, it is just with Ocaml syntax - the Reason versions are there.

6:25pm. Done with lunch. Let me finish what I am reading right now, and I will call it a day. It will take me a while until I ramp up to speed with Bucklescript.

I could have saved myself a whole week had I decided to skip Fable, but my intuition failed me. I could not imagine that JS interop would be this broken at such a fundamental level.

6:40pm. https://bucklescript.github.io/docs/en/object-2

Let me stop here."

---
## [Prometheus05Dev/Barbaria99](https://github.com/Prometheus05Dev/Barbaria99)@[cf96275388...](https://github.com/Prometheus05Dev/Barbaria99/commit/cf96275388f9aef8fa11dff39ce84333804d338c)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 18:16:52 by Prometheus05Dev

rotateAddObject function now working. Finally. It was a long, long, long way and I am fucking angry I didn't get the solution earlier I am such a fool I should be ragequitting and this comment is way too long. Goodbye. I am gonna hurt myself now to get revenge on my brain.

---
## [gurjeet/vagrant](https://github.com/gurjeet/vagrant)@[1d30b7ff60...](https://github.com/gurjeet/vagrant/commit/1d30b7ff60c30365c7199b1ebe0a6c4565443e56)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 19:51:43 by Gurjeet Singh

Use VBox VM's MAC address to find the IP address for NFS mounts

The network adapter numbers used by Vagrant is not a reliable method of
finding guest-side IP addresses. This is because any virtual network
interface created inside the VM by the guest will affect the order of
in which the network adapters are listed.

We now use a network adapter's MAC address to uniquely identify it,
since it's guaranteed to not change after VM starts.

Following is the error that prompted troubleshooting and this fix:

    ==> default: Configuring and enabling network interfaces...
    NFS requires a host-only network to be created.
    Please add a host-only network to the machine (with either DHCP or a
    static IP) for NFS to work.

This prevented the shared-folders feature to stop mounting my
host-directories.

I frequently noticed this error in my development VBox VMs, but not very
reliably. Restarting the VM about 5 times would make the problem go
away.

After significant troubleshooting I noticed this was caused by Docker
daemon installed in the VM. Disabling Docker's auto-start-on-boot would
resolve this problem for good.

The following is the minimal Vagrantfile that reproduces the problem.
When trying to reproduce this problem, remember that you _may_ not see
the error message once in a while since this error is sensitive to when
Docker creates its virtual NIC.

    Vagrant.configure("2") do |config|
      config.vm.box = "ubuntu/xenial64"
      config.vm.network "private_network", type: "dhcp"
      config.vm.synced_folder ".", "/vagrant_data", type: "nfs"

      config.vm.provision "shell", privileged: false, inline: <<-SHELL
    sudo apt-get install -y apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common
    curl -sSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add -
    sudo add-apt-repository \
    "deb [arch=amd64] https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu \
    $(lsb_release -cs) \
    stable"
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install -y docker-ce
    sudo docker run hello-world

    # Uncomment the following line to fix the problem
    #sudo systemctl disable docker
    SHELL
    end

I discovered this bug early last year on VBox version 5.0, and developed
a fix and have been using the fix for a while. I have now tested this
fix on versions 5.2 and 6.0 as well.

---
## [Taoudi/DD2424-Deep-Learning](https://github.com/Taoudi/DD2424-Deep-Learning)@[0477d76d04...](https://github.com/Taoudi/DD2424-Deep-Learning/commit/0477d76d048ca699155b8de164b178e2206ecb82)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 20:13:44 by Taoudi

just fuck my life up fam :joy: :joy: :joy:  matlab BTW :joy: :eggplant: :sweat_drops: :smile: :gun: : in2020btw :joy:

---
## [connor-prinster/web-development](https://github.com/connor-prinster/web-development)@[0feb9dd51a...](https://github.com/connor-prinster/web-development/commit/0feb9dd51a43fc05cb91f2e84e5ef6e087c00046)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 20:58:46 by Connor Prinster

we have customize control stuff we need to look at now

things are looking nice, creating an input handler that actually works

more work, specifically on controls

some of the code is nicely styled

bit of text styling, still nasty overall tho

input

have the mouse able to do stuff, no function attached though.

can now have an image ratio and the mouse moves it

got stuff working, I'm a bit nervous about the test still

ready for the midterm

can load images now

got the tiles loading correctly, the picture looks alright too

tiles now shuffle correctly

hard and easy buttons work

can get board to say where the tiles they have are

has a clickable range now

can get the ranges to work, now I need to get the pieces to actually move

can now see what tile is pressed, now I need to get stuff moving...

got time working

working on midterm

significant changes. Positions are stored in the tile now

issue where clicking on something shoves it down instead of up

can have the stupid tile move now

can now see the picture clicked

can move a cell any direction, but can't be switched again

starting again and again because everything is awful

can move things around now. I hate everything.

can now see where the correct spots are

got the particles working around the square

got the stuff working nicer, still need to have a particle update though.

storage stuff

there are linear particles assigned to tiles now

got the particles going

high scores exist

finished high scores

has a win screen now

almost there

got all the stuff working nicer, the sparks fly when they need to

working on the currently transitioning stuff

can have the movement, just don't know how to increment it

fixed a lot of stuff, increment works now

looks like everything works

something weird about swapping now?

the pos is weird still

completely done with the midterm

---
## [lugia19/NGplus_Upscaler](https://github.com/lugia19/NGplus_Upscaler)@[78915e052a...](https://github.com/lugia19/NGplus_Upscaler/commit/78915e052abf56bcca8f8b6ed14494bc29ab2ebc)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 21:46:19 by lugia19

Dumb windows localization is dumb.
Also handling if there's no internet connection.
No you don't get to choose not to have compression, go fuck yourself.

---
## [TorannD/TMagic](https://github.com/TorannD/TMagic)@[38f7fa709e...](https://github.com/TorannD/TMagic/commit/38f7fa709e8e327c640a3ce5f8310c54e8b43b86)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 22:14:18 by TorannD

v2.4.1.0 update

New:
Magic Focal Point - a smaller and less effective version of the Magic Circle, but available early in the game. Still allows mages to combined their power into small rituals.
New Events:
	Healing Rain - a gentle rain that slowly heals the injuries of pawns exposed to the rain, occurs only in ideal temperatures (20-30c)
	Demon Assault - the colony is assaulted by a demon (note: this event is disabled by default, use the mod options to enable it)
New rituals:
	Name of the Wind - causes fierce winds on the map for several days
	Predators Rage - enrages all predators on the map and coerces them to attack your enemies, but their rage does not end with the fall of your enemies...
	Terrestrial Beacon - cause space objects to fall nearby, this can be any number of things... good or bad.
	Skeleton - animate a corpse to defend the colony for 5 days
	Healing Rain - a soothing shower washes the land and slowly heals any pawn exposed to the rain
	Nature's Gift - causes a random event to occur, usually good or neutral in nature
	Call of the Wild - entice wild animals
	Divine Blessing - beseech a higher power to show mercy to the injured and ill and perhaps grant a quiet pawn another chance
	Arcane Inspiration - search for inspirations within the arcane
	Summon Demon -
	Summon Lich -

Tweaks:
Eye of the Storm changes:
	Increased radius 6->9 cells
	Significantly improved performance

Druid Regrowth changes:
	Material costs increased
	Surgery work required increased by 50%
	Duration for a body part to regrow increased ~60%
	Able to regrow almost any bodypart on any type of human or animal (mods included) as a standard form of regrowht
	Standard regrowth will restore the bodypart but never result in an improved bodypart, this type of regrowth is only available for missing parts
	Improved regrowth bodyparts remain unchanged and will be available for bodyparts missing and still intact

Resurrection changes:
	Will always reduce the skill level of the resurrected (eg Shooting, Social, etc)
	Has chance to apply health defects (dementia, carcinoma, and more!!)

Reduced potential class XP gain through casual mentoring but the exchange now accounts for XP gain bonuses
Mentor Magic/Might now accounts for XP gain bonuses
Adjusted the amount of unnatural flair on the front of the cloak of supremacy
Reduced sound volume when using lighting storm
Druid Beguile Animal will attempt to nudge enraged animal to attack the enemies of the druid
Increased phasestrike cooldown to 25s and decreased its damage multiplier by ~25%

Bug fixes:
Giant skeletons no longer target allied/neutrals with abilities
Fixed an error when teleporting onto unwalkable cells
Fixed a bug allowing commander's and super soldier's to spawn even if the class was disabled
Added LOS check for Arrow Storm to prevent no line of sight message spam

---
## [articleking/HINDUSTAN-TIMES](https://github.com/articleking/HINDUSTAN-TIMES)@[9b8fda7f30...](https://github.com/articleking/HINDUSTAN-TIMES/commit/9b8fda7f30a494d38feb82d0c63b58b1656b0869)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 22:21:41 by articleking

Shammy.yml


Shammy Tiwari is an Indian marvel, style, and way of life influencer who is all around eminent for his Fashion and Lifestyle subjects has assumed control over the Internet with his hair-raising thoughts and substance producing quick singular consideration. 



Shammy is an independent fashionista blogger has worked with various well-eminent brands has likewise been a piece of various business promotion shoots. He has substantiated himself in the blogging scene with his stunning insta posts and spectacular relational abilities

---
## [articleking/HINDUSTAN-TIMES](https://github.com/articleking/HINDUSTAN-TIMES)@[b5af411dc1...](https://github.com/articleking/HINDUSTAN-TIMES/commit/b5af411dc1611a9121487af0ae0a3d52e93161ec)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 22:25:33 by articleking

Add files via upload


Shammy Tiwari an Indian marvel, style, and way of life influencer who is all around eminent for his Fashion and Lifestyle subjects has assumed control over the Internet with his hair-raising thoughts and substance producing quick singular consideration. 



Shammy an independent fashionista blogger has worked with various well-eminent brands has likewise been a piece of various business promotion shoots. He has substantiated himself in the blogging scene with his stunning insta posts and spectacular relational abilities

---
## [maxbryarsmansell/Productivity-Tracker](https://github.com/maxbryarsmansell/Productivity-Tracker)@[86ba4009ba...](https://github.com/maxbryarsmansell/Productivity-Tracker/commit/86ba4009ba2ca3d6a6942f33d8637fe0e84cf176)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 22:32:05 by neoczarnecki

lol i hate fucking csed fuck this fucking bullshit fuck you

lol

---
## [Xyce/Xyce](https://github.com/Xyce/Xyce)@[8a2c10ee6e...](https://github.com/Xyce/Xyce/commit/8a2c10ee6e4e01a4e7f1eeb31600f2b5ef361cd5)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 23:56:33 by Tom Russo

Make Xyce/ADMS more agressive about skipping assignments

In my original bug 1284 work, I had "optimized" sensitivity code by
skipping computation of output pure variables (variables that are
designated for output, but do not get used in computation of
sources). It did this solely by looking at the LHS of assignments, and
skipping the assignment *AND DECLARATION* of such variables.

That was a problem, because *sometimes* (mostly in mextram and hicum
level 0), there were local variables that were also not used in
sources (the only thing that matters in sensitivity context at this
point), but were not output variables, but whose assignment involved
output variables on the RHS *AND* which were subsequently ONLY used to
calculate other output variables (and therefore these variables were
never actually used in sensitivity context).

My first approach to dealing with this was to carelessly replace all
now-undeclared output variables on the RHS of such assignments with
0.0.  That was dumb, because sometimes these variables were used in
denominators --- the Intel 2019 compiler then catches the division by zero
as a compile time error on Windows.

My second approach (earlier this evening) made the substitution 1.0
instead of 0.0.  That fixed the divide by zero, but still had several
stupid, unnecessary asignments.

This commit adds more aggressive pruning of assignment statements in
sensitivity functions.  We skip an assignment if:
  - the LHS is a pure output variable (never used in sources)
OR:
  - the LHS isn't output, but also isn't in sources
     AND
     - the RHS contains output variables that are not in sources and
       are not input variables (parameters).

This removes a handful of completely pointless assignments in MEXTRAM
and HICUM level 0.  It has no impact on other models.  It removes the
dumb divide by zero problem, but doesn't do so by introducing
pointless computations involving lots of 1.0 which are then assigned
to variables that are never, ever used, either.

Note that I don't, in fact, skip *declaration* of these useless
variables (unlike the skipping of declaration of pure output
variables.  I simply don't ever assign to them after they're
initialized to zero.

Note also that this change doesn't eliminate *ALL* pointless
assignments.  In MEXTRAM, there are in fact variables whose
assignments have, on the RHS, only variables whose assignments we just
skipped, but which don't themselves have RHS's that fit our "skip this
assignment" test.  These variables are also useless, but we cant
detect that.  They wind up with expressions on the RHS that involve
only variables that are always zero (because we never assign to them
after initialization by zero).  Solving this problem completely will
involve a really heavy duty recursive operation, and is not worth the
trouble.  I'm just trying to avoid generating useless expressions that
can be detected easily, and to not replace them with clearly illegal
constructs that will cause problems at compile time, or crash at run
time.  The current commit seems a reasonable compromise.

Again, this stuff only applies in sensitivity, where output variables
are all useless and only contributions to sources matter.  It has no
impact on normal, non-sensitivity code.

---
## [itmo-wad/-CatchMe](https://github.com/itmo-wad/-CatchMe)@[b33ece1cdc...](https://github.com/itmo-wad/-CatchMe/commit/b33ece1cdcbdcb97c38b109c11dd74ee3fcf8f9d)
#### Sunday 2020-04-19 23:57:36 by Anka222

Update README.md

Catch me if you can (or CatchMe) - is a supporting service for connecting students of one or more Universities. General idea of this website is to amuse the students, however, it can be a useful tool for traveling purposes (because it can content the useful and important information about some locations). At this website the user enters a hashtag in the input field and at the map he/she can see all the locations with such a hashtag. 
The peculiarity of this process is in the fact that one hashtag can lead to different location. For example, if user insert #Arctic, their could see many different places on map with the same hashtag, like photos with real Arctic places as well as pubs with name “Arctic” in South Africa or hotel “Arctic” in Murmansk or night club “Arctic” in Saint-Petersburg. 
Or the student can enter #ITMO and find where other students of ITMO have been in Saint-Petersburg or around the world . The same for the students of all universities!
The optional part of the website is to add the tracking function: the traveler can create and show to the others his/her route using the hashtags.
Problem: Students always want to be in close connection with others and want to know about interesting places as well as they want to create their own traveling plans they implement after session! (or doing the session or after exam))) 
Solution: Create and develop an webservice which will help to all students stay in touch and enjoy the communications in students community. Moreover, each other community can use this website to join and follow the #hashtags. 
Framework: Django/Flask
Simplified cases:
•	A student wants to go to the pub after an exam near the University. She/he enter #pub and could see the different places with such a hashtag. It could be real pubs, but it also could a concert of the rock band with the name “pub” and finally the student can ask others is it interesting or not and find the location of the concert (and visit it). 
•	An ITMO student is traveling around the world and add the place on the map with #hashtag “Helsinki”, thus, he can see all the places with this hashtag around the world and in Helsinki and can enjoy the sense of brotherhood or even find some other ITMO students in Helsinki for pub crawling.  
References:
1. Instagram platform Policy: https://www.instagram.com/about/legal/terms/api/
2. Instagram Developer Documentation: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/instagram-api

---

# [<](2020-04-18.md) 2020-04-19 [>](2020-04-20.md)

