# [<](2020-08-28.md) 2020-08-29 [>](2020-08-30.md)

120,863 events, 71,911 push events, 97,364 commit messages, 5,764,365 characters


## [maulage7/music-site-yo](https://github.com/maulage7/music-site-yo)@[341ceeaede...](https://github.com/maulage7/music-site-yo/commit/341ceeaede7cde4c9814e3645a79b1dea369776a)
#### Saturday 2020-08-29 22:04:15 by Maulage7

Update index.html

fuck you instagram
and fuck you go fund me,
and fuck getting advice from people about how i should progress (social media, gofundme, playing with other (idiot)
spotify was the only good advice .. hm , k

---
## [ilmotta/dotfiles](https://github.com/ilmotta/dotfiles)@[2bbd863d74...](https://github.com/ilmotta/dotfiles/commit/2bbd863d74dfdec8719c16724f2ac8c9d803bc27)
#### Saturday 2020-08-29 23:10:52 by ilmotta

Lots of minor improvements and fixes

My configuration had accumulated lots of small issues, some were quite old. This
commit turned out bigger than I anticipated, but it does improve a lot of stuff.

1. Remove custom solution to save and reload the Emacs frame position. It never
worked as expected, but I kept the code because I had hopes I could improve it.
The current solution is to always start Emacs in fullscreen. Simple and fast.

2. Load "custom-file" without showing a message in the echo area.

3. Check whether the flycheck-mode function is bound before calling it in
.dir-locals.

4. Add new function to take SVG screenshots (Emacs should be compiled with Cairo
support).

5. Move winner-mode configuration to the appropriate use-package definition.

6. Disable displaying the estimated time to load Emacs during start-up. I prefer
to enable it manually in case I need it, e.g. when installing new packages.

7. Defer loading general.el and replace all of the use-package ":bind" keywords
and manual calls to general-define-key with the use-package keyword ":general".
This change reduces start-up time and it's more consistent.

8. Fix inconsistent/confusing loading of many packages, mainly because of
deferred loading complex behavior.

9. Join the ivy/counsel configurations and remove the swiper package. I'm now
using CTRLF instead.

10. Remove annoying "^" char on the initial input of many counsel functions.

11. Fix issue where counsel would try to use certain helpful functions even when
helpful was not available.

12. Move hydra, flycheck, smartparens and evil-cleverparens out of the core
namespace.

13. Remove editorconfig package. I've never used to be honest and most real
projects use other tools to enforce code style.

14. Start Emacs without showing the modeline. It makes the start-up feel even
faster because there's nothing to see changing on the screen, just the gray
background.

15. Update the guix channel to point to my fork
"https://github.com/ilmotta/guix.git".

---
## [bakpakin/Fennel](https://github.com/bakpakin/Fennel)@[9ebbaa4a58...](https://github.com/bakpakin/Fennel/commit/9ebbaa4a58fbd4d18d5de977602e89fd5b6af48c)
#### Saturday 2020-08-29 23:31:22 by Phil Hagelberg

Add plugin system, take 2.

This is roughly the same as the previous take on the plugin system,
which was based on the pre-self-hosted compiler.

Each plugin is a module which contains functions for various extension
points within the compiler. Each field in the module is named after an
extension point and should be a function that takes AST arguments and
a scope table. Current supported extension points are:

* symbol-to-expression
* call
* destructure
* do
* fn

These were chosen because they're the minimum needed to implement the
linting example, not by looking thru the whole compiler to find an
exhaustive list of good extension points. So we are likely to be
missing some good candidates for extension; we should be open to
adding new ones.

The included linter.fnl file shows an example of how the system works.

However, the problem here is that we are exposing compiler internals,
and that means that when we change the internals, we are likely to
break plugins when we refactor the compiler. I don't really know what
to do about that, and it seems inevitable. So we should probably just
try to set expectations that plugins will tend to be only compatible
with a limited set of compiler versions.

One problem is that the plugins need to be loaded in compiler scope,
which means we need a way to indicate in fennel.dofile that we
want to load the file in question in the compiler scope. In this patch
you can pass :env :_COMPILER as a special flag which causes the :env
to get replaced by a new compiler-scope environment. I don't love
this; I think we could come up with a better way to expose it.

We still need more documentation for this in api.md before the release.

---
## [hmz27/ZERO](https://github.com/hmz27/ZERO)@[f8678ea64a...](https://github.com/hmz27/ZERO/commit/f8678ea64a72f5592864913d8125b70ac619c319)
#### Saturday 2020-08-29 23:50:17 by hmz27

Update NOTICE

Copyright © 2000 Your Name <your@address>
This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2,
as published by Sam Hocevar. See http://www.wtfpl.net/ for more details.

---

# [<](2020-08-28.md) 2020-08-29 [>](2020-08-30.md)

