# [<](2020-05-19.md) 2020-05-20 [>](2020-05-21.md)

2,742,453 events, 1,309,753 push events, 2,165,279 commit messages, 158,846,521 characters


## [Jackzmc/MissileWars](https://github.com/Jackzmc/MissileWars)@[81f7dd2b18...](https://github.com/Jackzmc/MissileWars/commit/81f7dd2b18da2c6c2e33ae80a3036da852dc43bf)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 05:43:22 by Jackz

honestly too fucking tired to make a commit message
- fucking made a configoption class to make shit look nice and reusable
- kept tweaking it so it looks nice so im dead
- added /mwa config save
- stop adding config if it exists
- im going to bed

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[45ffe4ea5a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/45ffe4ea5aca7074b24433cd8c0339f14b79d1c6)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 08:54:09 by Marko Grdinić

"8:05am. I am up. During the night I've been thinking about the `Alt`s and how I would implement `Alt.choose`. I came up with all sorts of schemes, but as expected removing a subscription from within the channel is tricky. Instead, what occurred to me is that delay nodes are a thing in Hopac.

Actually, that was one of my big questions back when I read the guide. Obviously, the channels are used for actual delay. Those delay nodes seemed entirely superfluous from that perspective, but they make sense if you think about their purpose being managing subscriptions.

..Wow, at 15.8k lines, the spellchecker is completely broken.

8:10am. I get it now. I really get how the library is done.

8:20am. What is next? I really should finish the guide properly. I did not pay attention to the later parts, so I do not really understand what `Nack`s are.

8:25am. Let me chill a bit first though. Yesterday's commit was at nearly midnight, that is how obsessed I was about this. I'll waste time for a while first and then start.

8:40am. https://github.com/Hopac/Hopac/blob/master/Docs/Programming.md#negative-acknowledgments

The time server example and this is pretty interesting. There is something like subscription management going on under the hood.

I should mention this, but `Alt.choose` is similar to the reactive combinator `amb`.

...Oh yeah, I just remembered I said I would watch that talk by Rich Hickey on Clojure's `Core.async`.

9:15am. Done with both that article and Reddit posting. How about I watch that talk?

https://www.infoq.com/presentations/clojure-core-async/

9:55am. I've been taking a break. Let me resume the talk. Yesterday at 6pm, I was depressed over not being able to figure out the library, but now that I did, I am pretty elated. I am quite happy right now.

After I am done with the talk, I will get back to ZeroMQ. I've decided that I won't be using Hopac as I do not need PC buffers for everything. I really do like reactive combinators the best after all.

10am. Oh yes, one last thought that I should write down. If I use the queue PC buffer idea that I wrote about yesterday, things like receiving and sending to the same channel in the same alt would short circuit unlike in Hopac. But that sort of thing is unnecessary in the first place.

10:05am. The design I have in mind is solid and would work just as well if not better than the one in the library while being 100x easier to implement.

10:35am. If there is one thing I agree with Hickey, is that in real servers you need some kind of backpressure mechanism to prevent from overwhelming the system. Interesting that Clojure's channels can only take sliding or dropping buffers. One thing I suspect is that Hopac's buffers are in fact unbounded.

...But well, for things like UIs, and the language server this sort of thing is not necessary. And it should be possible to build some kind of backpressuring mechanism into the dispatch function if it is really necessary for some other task I will be doing.

Reactive combinators are the more primitive, elegant mechanism than channels.

If I want my own channels, I can easily build them even without using Hopac.

10:45am. I can feel the power of this. I've internalized it.

The next thing on my schedule are definitely those ZeroMQ examples with Avalonia. I need to prime my mind for this.

10:45am. Right now it is almost breakfast time, and I do not feel like starting something else right away. Plus, I put in massive overtime yesterday. And I haven't really slacked properly this morning.

10:50am. Yeah, let me take a somewhat longer breather today.

The hard parts of the concurrency war are over. I've learned a lot. From now till the end of the month, I will have some fun doing UIs and learning machine to machine messaging. Then in July I will start work on editor support for Spiral.

UIs. Becoming good at crafting them has been my long cherished dream, and thanks to reactive combinators I can finally start making strides towards reaching that goal.

I will master UIs, concurrency and language development in one fell swoop. By the end of the year, v0.2 of Spiral will be complete. And then I will start my big bet on ensembles."

---
## [Interkarma/daggerfall-unity](https://github.com/Interkarma/daggerfall-unity)@[819566d43b...](https://github.com/Interkarma/daggerfall-unity/commit/819566d43b2606620da633042b3449b9c6cd8a65)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 09:12:47 by Interkarma

Required changes to use depth in retro postprocess

@petchema Here's the third iteration. This one passes down depth information correctly thanks to the information you found earlier. And I also made a mistake when sampling depth buffer in shader, so it really was just a fluke my last effort worked. Here's the summary of changes:
-RetroRenderer is now attached to main Camera object. All it does at the moment is set render targets and OnPostRender blit into a presentation rendertexture. This avoids OnRenderImage so depth information is preserved. Also retro postprocess shader needs to be called from main camera render to get global _CameraDepthTexture from that camera.
-There's now a RetroPresentation camera object that uses OnRenderImage just to blit the presentation rendertexture into viewport. By this stage everything has been rendered and processed into RetroPresentation rendertexture.
-Disabled queue=transparent in billboard batch shader or it doesn't write to depthbuffer. This is great for depth postprocess, not great for self shadowing. Maybe just need to live with self shadowing, it's really not that bad.
-Example DepthProcessShader just to tint sky green and world red.

I think we've basically solved everything at this point other than self-shadowing, and it's not so bad. Particles should all work as normal with this setup.

Let me know your thoughts on this one.

---
## [shahinbayvari/rithm-todo](https://github.com/shahinbayvari/rithm-todo)@[19932405b9...](https://github.com/shahinbayvari/rithm-todo/commit/19932405b939438e3a28b032bab32231d2c5429b)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 10:47:42 by Shahin

So glad I'm a stubborn motherfucker who doesn't know when to quit because I HAVE MOTHERFUCKING FIXED IT SO LOCALSTORAGE REMEMBERS LINE-THROUGHS FUCK YEAH

---
## [AnggaSP/android_kernel_xiaomi_msm8998](https://github.com/AnggaSP/android_kernel_xiaomi_msm8998)@[f053c4a7b2...](https://github.com/AnggaSP/android_kernel_xiaomi_msm8998/commit/f053c4a7b2a1bf4347785de431f8abf9ef465942)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 10:58:04 by Petr Mladek

kthread: add kthread_create_worker*()

Kthread workers are currently created using the classic kthread API,
namely kthread_run().  kthread_worker_fn() is passed as the @threadfn
parameter.

This patch defines kthread_create_worker() and
kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() functions that hide implementation details.

They enforce using kthread_worker_fn() for the main thread.  But I doubt
that there are any plans to create any alternative.  In fact, I think that
we do not want any alternative main thread because it would be hard to
support consistency with the rest of the kthread worker API.

The naming and function of kthread_create_worker() is inspired by the
workqueues API like the rest of the kthread worker API.

The kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() variant is motivated by the original
kthread_create_on_cpu().  Note that we need to bind per-CPU kthread
workers already when they are created.  It makes the life easier.
kthread_bind() could not be used later for an already running worker.

This patch does _not_ convert existing kthread workers.  The kthread
worker API need more improvements first, e.g.  a function to destroy the
worker.

IMPORTANT:

kthread_create_worker_on_cpu() allows to use any format of the worker
name, in compare with kthread_create_on_cpu().  The good thing is that it
is more generic.  The bad thing is that most users will need to pass the
cpu number in two parameters, e.g.  kthread_create_worker_on_cpu(cpu,
"helper/%d", cpu).

To be honest, the main motivation was to avoid the need for an empty
va_list.  The only legal way was to create a helper function that would be
called with an empty list.  Other attempts caused compilation warnings or
even errors on different architectures.

There were also other alternatives, for example, using #define or
splitting __kthread_create_worker().  The used solution looked like the
least ugly.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/1470754545-17632-6-git-send-email-pmladek@suse.com
Signed-off-by: Petr Mladek <pmladek@suse.com>
Acked-by: Tejun Heo <tj@kernel.org>
Cc: Oleg Nesterov <oleg@redhat.com>
Cc: Ingo Molnar <mingo@redhat.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Steven Rostedt <rostedt@goodmis.org>
Cc: "Paul E. McKenney" <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Josh Triplett <josh@joshtriplett.org>
Cc: Thomas Gleixner <tglx@linutronix.de>
Cc: Jiri Kosina <jkosina@suse.cz>
Cc: Borislav Petkov <bp@suse.de>
Cc: Michal Hocko <mhocko@suse.cz>
Cc: Vlastimil Babka <vbabka@suse.cz>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Angga Satya Putra <anggasp@hotmail.com>

---
## [minjoong507/Algorithm_Study](https://github.com/minjoong507/Algorithm_Study)@[b305ecfeb1...](https://github.com/minjoong507/Algorithm_Study/commit/b305ecfeb1093a8ee5ca5948ea949e3df5c7a53b)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 12:27:11 by MIN JOON

Merge pull request #2 from cupjoo/master

fuck you

---
## [gianarb/goreleaser](https://github.com/gianarb/goreleaser)@[9d3cd9397b...](https://github.com/gianarb/goreleaser/commit/9d3cd9397b0f8bd8cdac5e681f550a735c30956e)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 14:46:04 by Gianluca Arbezzano

feat: run hooks as last step in the release pipeline

Hello my goreleaser friends!

!!! I would like to make this PR better (will explain what I mean
later), it is here to gather feedback about the feature itself.

I asked about running some custom code at the end of the release cycle
on Gopher Slack today.

I would like to manipulate the manifest for a bunch of Docker
images I create during the release life cycle.

My build generates docker images for multiple architectures
and in order to teach the registry about that you are supposed to
generate or updated a manifest.

You have to do it when the images are pushed to the registry.

It looks like a custom publisher won't work because it runs before
the docker one.

This PR proposes the same approach we use for the `before` feature, but
it runs at the end of the release workflow, as last step.

---

As I said, I just copy pasted and hooked a bunch of code. If this has
sense, I think I would like to write a pipe called `HookRunner` in order to reuse
it for Before and After.

---

- [ ] Add documentation
- [ ] Add tests

---
## [odoo-dev/odoo](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo)@[be65342b52...](https://github.com/odoo-dev/odoo/commit/be65342b5267dd11d871be8b611b66d755df60c6)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 15:56:40 by Xavier Dubuc

fix this goddamn fucking shit of chatter style when chatter is moved

---
## [Supermira247/My_website](https://github.com/Supermira247/My_website)@[cccb1ea1f5...](https://github.com/Supermira247/My_website/commit/cccb1ea1f57d9da4e5422c76bfd2164d210dc05d)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 16:05:35 by Supermira247

i changed some colours and added links. If they dont show up i swear to god imma fucking stab a bitch.

---
## [francinum/NSV13](https://github.com/francinum/NSV13)@[c752f63806...](https://github.com/francinum/NSV13/commit/c752f63806ce44e2a32d892cb814917d4a8e00bb)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 16:49:25 by Victor

New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector (#1307)

* New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector (#44559)

cl Floyd / Qustinnus
add: New scientist traitor item: Australian Slime Mutator / Spider Injector, use it on a gold slime extract to create 3 neutral broodmother spiders, make them sentient and start your own hive.
/cl

'ello mates, Me and my syndicate expedition team have recently returned from my journey to the Australicus sector and crikey the spiders are big there. Fucking the size of a bear. Luckily one of my fellow expeditioners managed to knock one of the fuckers out with a boomerang and we took 'er to our labs. We managed to extract some of their extract which is known to create tame offspring when injected into a gold slime core.

However, if you give it sentience and tell it to do whatever you want, maybe you can use it for a useful purpose?

10 TC item, lets you inject a gold-slime core for some midwife/broodmother spiders that can help you start a spider army. Price can be raised if people think 10 is too little. It spawns 3 instead of 1 to keep consistent, but it can be lowered to 1 spider.

* Removed duplicate mob

Co-authored-by: AWalton <12621257+AWalton@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [deltabeard/mpv](https://github.com/deltabeard/mpv)@[a908101258...](https://github.com/deltabeard/mpv/commit/a908101258bc5c8d33ded6a1e750fb65df8cf640)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 16:51:11 by wm4

vo_gpu: attempt to fix 0bgr format

Using e.g. --vf=format=0bgr showed obviously wrong colors with --vo=gpu.
The reason is that leading padding wasn't handled correctly.

Try to hack fix it. While the code in copy_image() is somewhat
reasonable, I can't tell what the fuck is going on with that HOOKED
shit. For some reason this HOOKED shit doesn't use copy_image() (???),
or uses it incorrectly. It affects debanding. --deband=no works
correctly. If it's enabled, the crap in hook_prelude() is needed.

I bet there are many more bugs with this. For example, the deband shader
will try to deband the alpha channel if the format abgr is used (because
the correct component order is only established later). This can be
tested by inserting a "color.x = 0;" at the end of the deband shader,
and using --vf=format=rgba vs. abgr.

I cannot comprehend why it doesn't just store explicitly which
components a texture contains, and why it doesn't just read the
components always in an uniform way.

There's a big chance this fix works only by coincidence. This shouldn't
have been so hard either. Time for a complete rewrite?

---
## [samfarring/ProjectBee](https://github.com/samfarring/ProjectBee)@[ada75004d9...](https://github.com/samfarring/ProjectBee/commit/ada75004d9828377f88af8a79436e257255ed4f2)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 18:50:26 by Connor Butterworth

Holy Fucking Shit

I swear to sweet heaven take your ideas of ragdolls and stick them up the dick hole of god

---
## [jelly/pacman](https://github.com/jelly/pacman)@[a745d97c17...](https://github.com/jelly/pacman/commit/a745d97c174ef1d85649b2a8ad7ca22e3dea9e58)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 19:08:17 by Eli Schwartz

makepkg: protect against unexpected whitespace in filenames

zipman:

read -r protects against those evil manpages whose filenames contain
backslash escapes, (muahahaha?)

IFS= read protects against filenames with:

- leading whitespace (but no one is actually stupid enough to configure
  their MAN_DIRS=() in makepkg.conf with such silly directories, *right*?)

- trailing whitespace (but likewise, no one should be stupid enough to
  write an uncompressed manpage for section '1 ' or something)

Also fix several other cases where we read filenames without protecting
against surrounding whitespace, or without using null-delimited
filenames when we could trivially do so.

Signed-off-by: Eli Schwartz <eschwartz@archlinux.org>
Signed-off-by: Allan McRae <allan@archlinux.org>

---
## [jws85/Dotfiles](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles)@[d2bdc188c8...](https://github.com/jws85/Dotfiles/commit/d2bdc188c8a6d1e665391073c358d31c421276ca)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 19:31:26 by J. W. Smith

autocutsel: WHERE HAS THIS BEEN MY ENTIRE LIFE

If you'd asked me "what do you hate about Linux" I would have said its
clipboards.  I don't remember the rules for which is using which
clipboard, and in all honestly I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO, LITERALLY NO OTHER
OS DOES THIS.

But I could muddle along by selecting, attempting to paste with C-v,
getting something I didn't want, wiping that out, then attempting to
paste with middle-click... but I'm not sure alacritty supports
anything other than the middle-click paste, and it was driving me up a
wall pasting in git clone links.  Enter autocutsel.

---
## [vgstation-coders/vgstation13](https://github.com/vgstation-coders/vgstation13)@[4a392ce961...](https://github.com/vgstation-coders/vgstation13/commit/4a392ce9611351f498df2ceac11179edaa8c7b17)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 19:45:12 by ShiftyRail

Fixes universe-breaking bug (#26552)

* fixes some weird errors with BSQL roundstart

* now I understand

* Documenting my shitty, awful hack

* i hate english

* comma

---
## [annip95/backend-ulm-stories](https://github.com/annip95/backend-ulm-stories)@[37de13f921...](https://github.com/annip95/backend-ulm-stories/commit/37de13f9216b46a83dc4372ddc645863df57b24f)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-20 20:16:20 by paxcale

Added life-affirming quiz and hopefully scss is not banana

What the hell do you mean I've gotta wait in line?
This is complete and total bullshit!
If- if I show you my quizzes, will you let me in?
Can you just- just take another quiz with me?
Thanks
Later, quizzes!

---

# [<](2020-05-19.md) 2020-05-20 [>](2020-05-21.md)

