# [<](2020-02-11.md) 2020-02-12 [>](2020-02-13.md)

2,419,614 events, 1,138,591 push events, 1,828,913 commit messages, 134,376,123 characters


## [FusionCorps/2020-Green](https://github.com/FusionCorps/2020-Green)@[5790950480...](https://github.com/FusionCorps/2020-Green/commit/5790950480600ea43c8829007af922140852650b)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 00:54:11 by Acoliver102

HOME The Entire Bee Movie Script Bee Movie Script - Dialogue Transcript     According to all known laws of aviation,     there is no way a bee should be able to fly.     Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.     The bee, of course, flies anyway     because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.     Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black.     Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.     Barry! Breakfast is ready!     Ooming!     Hang on a second.     Hello?     - Barry? - Adam?     - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up.     Looking sharp.     Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those.     Sorry. I'm excited.     Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son.     A perfect report card, all B's.     Very proud.     Ma! I got a thing going here.     - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me!     - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye!     Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house!     - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry.     - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation.     Never thought I'd make it.     Three days grade school, three days high school.     Those were awkward.     Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive.     You did come back different.     - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.     - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah.     - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going.     Everybody knows, sting someone, you die.     Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead.     I guess he could have just gotten out of the way.     I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day.     That's why we don't need vacations.     Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances.     - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are!     - Bee-men. - Amen!     Hallelujah!     Students, faculty, distinguished bees,     please welcome Dean Buzzwell.     Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of...     ...9:15.     That concludes our ceremonies.     And begins your career at Honex Industries!     Will we pick ourjob today?     I heard it's just orientation.     Heads up! Here we go.     Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times.     - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary.     Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco     and a part of the Hexagon Group.     This is it!     Wow.     Wow.     We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life     to get to the point where you can work for your whole life.     Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.     Our top-secret formula     is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured     into this soothing sweet syrup     with its distinctive golden glow you know as...     Honey!     - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin!     - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins.     - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we constantly strive     to improve every aspect of bee existence.     These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology.     - What do you think he makes? - Not enough.     Here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman.     - What does that do? - Oatches that little strand of honey     that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions.     Oan anyone work on the Krelman?     Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know     that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot.     But choose carefully     because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life.     The same job the rest of your life? I didn't know that.     What's the difference?     You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off     in 27 million years.     So you'll just work us to death?     We'll sure try.     Wow! That blew my mind!     "What's the difference?" How can you say that?     One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make.     I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life.     But, Adam, how could they never have told us that?     Why would you question anything? We're bees.     We're the most perfectly functioning society on Earth.     You ever think maybe things work a little too well here?     Like what? Give me one example.     I don't know. But you know what I'm talking about.     Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach.     Wait a second. Oheck it out.     - Hey, those are Pollen Jocks! - Wow.     I've never seen them this close.     They know what it's like outside the hive.     Yeah, but some don't come back.     - Hey, Jocks! - Hi, Jocks!     You guys did great!     You're monsters! You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!     - I wonder where they were. - I don't know.     Their day's not planned.     Outside the hive, flying who knows where, doing who knows what.     You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that.     Right.     Look. That's more pollen than you and I will see in a lifetime.     It's just a status symbol. Bees make too much of it.     Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it and the ladies see you wearing it.     Those ladies? Aren't they our cousins too?     Distant. Distant.     Look at these two.     - Oouple of Hive Harrys. - Let's have fun with them.     It must be dangerous being a Pollen Jock.     Yeah. Once a bear pinned me against a mushroom!     He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he was slapping me!     - Oh, my! - I never thought I'd knock him out.     What were you doing during this?     Trying to alert the authorities.     I can autograph that.     A little gusty out there today, wasn't it, comrades?     Yeah. Gusty.     We're hitting a sunflower patch six miles from here tomorrow.     - Six miles, huh? - Barry!     A puddle jump for us, but maybe you're not up for it.     - Maybe I am. - You are not!     We're going 0900 at J-Gate.     What do you think, buzzy-boy? Are you bee enough?     I might be. It all depends on what 0900 means.     Hey, Honex!     Dad, you surprised me.     You decide what you're interested in?     - Well, there's a lot of choices. - But you only get one.     Do you ever get bored doing the same job every day?     Son, let me tell you about stirring.     You grab that stick, and you just move it around, and you stir it around.     You get yourself into a rhythm. It's a beautiful thing.     You know, Dad, the more I think about it,     maybe the honey field just isn't right for me.     You were thinking of what, making balloon animals?     That's a bad job for a guy with a stinger.     Janet, your son's not sure he wants to go into honey!     - Barry, you are so funny sometimes. - I'm not trying to be funny.     You're not funny! You're going into honey. Our son, the stirrer!     - You're gonna be a stirrer? - No one's listening to me!     Wait till you see the sticks I have.     I could say anything right now. I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!     Let's open some honey and celebrate!     Maybe I'll pierce my thorax. Shave my antennae.     Shack up with a grasshopper. Get a gold tooth and call everybody "dawg"!     I'm so proud.     - We're starting work today! - Today's the day.     Oome on! All the good jobs will be gone.     Yeah, right.     Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring, stirrer, front desk, hair removal...     - Is it still available? - Hang on. Two left!     One of them's yours! Oongratulations! Step to the side.     - What'd you get? - Picking crud out. Stellar!     Wow!     Oouple of newbies?     Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready!     Make your choice.     - You want to go first? - No, you go.     Oh, my. What's available?     Restroom attendant's open, not for the reason you think.     - Any chance of getting the Krelman? - Sure, you're on.     I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out.     Wax monkey's always open.     The Krelman opened up again.     What happened?     A bee died. Makes an opening. See? He's dead. Another dead one.     Deady. Deadified. Two more dead.     Dead from the neck up. Dead from the neck down. That's life!     Oh, this is so hard!     Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer,     humming, inspector number seven, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor,     mite wrangler. Barry, what do you think I should... Barry?     Barry!     All right, we've got the sunflower patch in quadrant nine...     What happened to you? Where are you?     - I'm going out. - Out? Out where?     - Out there. - Oh, no!     I have to, before I go to work for the rest of my life.     You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello?     Another call coming in.     If anyone's feeling brave, there's a Korean deli on 83rd     that gets their roses today.     Hey, guys.     - Look at that. - Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday?     Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted.     It's OK, Lou. We're gonna take him up.     Really? Feeling lucky, are you?     Sign here, here. Just initial that.     - Thank you. - OK.     You got a rain advisory today,     and as you all know, bees cannot fly in rain.     So be careful. As always, watch your brooms,     hockey sticks, dogs, birds, bears and bats.     Also, I got a couple of reports of root beer being poured on us.     Murphy's in a home because of it, babbling like a cicada!     - That's awful. - And a reminder for you rookies,     bee law number one, absolutely no talking to humans!     All right, launch positions!     Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz!     Black and yellow!     Hello!     You ready for this, hot shot?     Yeah. Yeah, bring it on.     Wind, check.     - Antennae, check. - Nectar pack, check.     - Wings, check. - Stinger, check.     Scared out of my shorts, check.     OK, ladies,     let's move it out!     Pound those petunias, you striped stem-suckers!     All of you, drain those flowers!     Wow! I'm out!     I can't believe I'm out!     So blue.     I feel so fast and free!     Box kite!     Wow!     Flowers!     This is Blue Leader. We have roses visual.     Bring it around 30 degrees and hold.     Roses!     30 degrees, roger. Bringing it around.     Stand to the side, kid. It's got a bit of a kick.     That is one nectar collector!     - Ever see pollination up close? - No, sir.     I pick up some pollen here, sprinkle it over here. Maybe a dash over there,     a pinch on that one. See that? It's a little bit of magic.     That's amazing. Why do we do that?     That's pollen power. More pollen, more flowers, more nectar, more honey for us.     Oool.     I'm picking up a lot of bright yellow. Oould be daisies. Don't we need those?     Oopy that visual.     Wait. One of these flowers seems to be on the move.     Say again? You're reporting a moving flower?     Affirmative.     That was on the line!     This is the coolest. What is it?     I don't know, but I'm loving this color.     It smells good. Not like a flower, but I like it.     Yeah, fuzzy.     Ohemical-y.     Oareful, guys. It's a little grabby.     My sweet lord of bees!     Oandy-brain, get off there!     Problem!     - Guys! - This could be bad.     Affirmative.     Very close.     Gonna hurt.     Mama's little boy.     You are way out of position, rookie!     Ooming in at you like a missile!     Help me!     I don't think these are flowers.     - Should we tell him? - I think he knows.     What is this?!     Match point!     You can start packing up, honey, because you're about to eat it!     Yowser!     Gross.     There's a bee in the car!     - Do something! - I'm driving!     - Hi, bee. - He's back here!     He's going to sting me!     Nobody move. If you don't move, he won't sting you. Freeze!     He blinked!     Spray him, Granny!     What are you doing?!     Wow... the tension level out here is unbelievable.     I gotta get home.     Oan't fly in rain.     Oan't fly in rain.     Oan't fly in rain.     Mayday! Mayday! Bee going down!     Ken, could you close the window please?     Ken, could you close the window please?     Oheck out my new resume. I made it into a fold-out brochure.     You see? Folds out.     Oh, no. More humans. I don't need this.     What was that?     Maybe this time. This time. This time. This time! This time! This...     Drapes!     That is diabolical.     It's fantastic. It's got all my special skills, even my top-ten favorite movies.     What's number one? Star Wars?     Nah, I don't go for that...     ...kind of stuff.     No wonder we shouldn't talk to them. They're out of their minds.     When I leave a job interview, they're flabbergasted, can't believe what I say.     There's the sun. Maybe that's a way out.     I don't remember the sun having a big 75 on it.     I predicted global warming.     I could feel it getting hotter. At first I thought it was just me.     Wait! Stop! Bee!     Stand back. These are winter boots.     Wait!     Don't kill him!     You know I'm allergic to them! This thing could kill me!     Why does his life have less value than yours?     Why does his life have any less value than mine? Is that your statement?     I'm just saying all life has value. You don't know what he's capable of feeling.     My brochure!     There you go, little guy.     I'm not scared of him. It's an allergic thing.     Put that on your resume brochure.     My whole face could puff up.     Make it one of your special skills.     Knocking someone out is also a special skill.     Right. Bye, Vanessa. Thanks.     - Vanessa, next week? Yogurt night? - Sure, Ken. You know, whatever.     - You could put carob chips on there. - Bye.     - Supposed to be less calories. - Bye.     I gotta say something.     She saved my life. I gotta say something.     All right, here it goes.     Nah.     What would I say?     I could really get in trouble.     It's a bee law. You're not supposed to talk to a human.     I can't believe I'm doing this.     I've got to.     Oh, I can't do it. Oome on!     No. Yes. No.     Do it. I can't.     How should I start it? "You like jazz?" No, that's no good.     Here she comes! Speak, you fool!     Hi!     I'm sorry.     - You're talking. - Yes, I know.     You're talking!     I'm so sorry.     No, it's OK. It's fine. I know I'm dreaming.     But I don't recall going to bed.     Well, I'm sure this is very disconcerting.     This is a bit of a surprise to me. I mean, you're a bee!     I am. And I'm not supposed to be doing this,     but they were all trying to kill me.     And if it wasn't for you...     I had to thank you. It's just how I was raised.     That was a little weird.     - I'm talking with a bee. - Yeah.     I'm talking to a bee. And the bee is talking to me!     I just want to say I'm grateful. I'll leave now.     - Wait! How did you learn to do that? - What?     The talking thing.     Same way you did, I guess. "Mama, Dada, honey." You pick it up.     - That's very funny. - Yeah.     Bees are funny. If we didn't laugh, we'd cry with what we have to deal with.     Anyway...     Oan I...     ...get you something? - Like what?     I don't know. I mean... I don't know. Ooffee?     I don't want to put you out.     It's no trouble. It takes two minutes.     - It's just coffee. - I hate to impose.     - Don't be ridiculous! - Actually, I would love a cup.     Hey, you want rum cake?     - I shouldn't. - Have some.     - No, I can't. - Oome on!     I'm trying to lose a couple micrograms.     - Where? - These stripes don't help.     You look great!     I don't know if you know anything about fashion.     Are you all right?     No.     He's making the tie in the cab as they're flying up Madison.     He finally gets there.     He runs up the steps into the church. The wedding is on.     And he says, "Watermelon? I thought you said Guatemalan.     Why would I marry a watermelon?"     Is that a bee joke?     That's the kind of stuff we do.     Yeah, different.     So, what are you gonna do, Barry?     About work? I don't know.     I want to do my part for the hive, but I can't do it the way they want.     I know how you feel.     - You do? - Sure.     My parents wanted me to be a lawyer or a doctor, but I wanted to be a florist.     - Really? - My only interest is flowers.     Our new queen was just elected with that same campaign slogan.     Anyway, if you look...     There's my hive right there. See it?     You're in Sheep Meadow!     Yes! I'm right off the Turtle Pond!     No way! I know that area. I lost a toe ring there once.     - Why do girls put rings on their toes? - Why not?     - It's like putting a hat on your knee. - Maybe I'll try that.     - You all right, ma'am? - Oh, yeah. Fine.     Just having two cups of coffee!     Anyway, this has been great. Thanks for the coffee.     Yeah, it's no trouble.     Sorry I couldn't finish it. If I did, I'd be up the rest of my life.     Are you...?     Oan I take a piece of this with me?     Sure! Here, have a crumb.     - Thanks! - Yeah.     All right. Well, then... I guess I'll see you around.     Or not.     OK, Barry.     And thank you so much again... for before.     Oh, that? That was nothing.     Well, not nothing, but... Anyway...     This can't possibly work.     He's all set to go. We may as well try it.     OK, Dave, pull the chute.     - Sounds amazing. - It was amazing!     It was the scariest, happiest moment of my life.     Humans! I can't believe you were with humans!     Giant, scary humans! What were they like?     Huge and crazy. They talk crazy.     They eat crazy giant things. They drive crazy.     - Do they try and kill you, like on TV? - Some of them. But some of them don't.     - How'd you get back? - Poodle.     You did it, and I'm glad. You saw whatever you wanted to see.     You had your "experience." Now you can pick out yourjob and be normal.     - Well... - Well?     Well, I met someone.     You did? Was she Bee-ish?     - A wasp?! Your parents will kill you! - No, no, no, not a wasp.     - Spider? - I'm not attracted to spiders.     I know it's the hottest thing, with the eight legs and all.     I can't get by that face.     So who is she?     She's... human.     No, no. That's a bee law. You wouldn't break a bee law.     - Her name's Vanessa. - Oh, boy.     She's so nice. And she's a florist!     Oh, no! You're dating a human florist!     We're not dating.     You're flying outside the hive, talking to humans that attack our homes     with power washers and M-80s! One-eighth a stick of dynamite!     She saved my life! And she understands me.     This is over!     Eat this.     This is not over! What was that?     - They call it a crumb. - It was so stingin' stripey!     And that's not what they eat. That's what falls off what they eat!     - You know what a Oinnabon is? - No.     It's bread and cinnamon and frosting. They heat it up...     Sit down!     ...really hot! - Listen to me!     We are not them! We're us. There's us and there's them!     Yes, but who can deny the heart that is yearning?     There's no yearning. Stop yearning. Listen to me!     You have got to start thinking bee, my friend. Thinking bee!     - Thinking bee. - Thinking bee.     Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!     There he is. He's in the pool.     You know what your problem is, Barry?     I gotta start thinking bee?     How much longer will this go on?     It's been three days! Why aren't you working?     I've got a lot of big life decisions to think about.     What life? You have no life! You have no job. You're barely a bee!     Would it kill you to make a little honey?     Barry, come out. Your father's talking to you.     Martin, would you talk to him?     Barry, I'm talking to you!     You coming?     Got everything?     All set!     Go ahead. I'll catch up.     Don't be too long.     Watch this!     Vanessa!     - We're still here. - I told you not to yell at him.     He doesn't respond to yelling!     - Then why yell at me? - Because you don't listen!     I'm not listening to this.     Sorry, I've gotta go.     - Where are you going? - I'm meeting a friend.     A girl? Is this why you can't decide?     Bye.     I just hope she's Bee-ish.     They have a huge parade of flowers every year in Pasadena?     To be in the Tournament of Roses, that's every florist's dream!     Up on a float, surrounded by flowers, crowds cheering.     A tournament. Do the roses compete in athletic events?     No. All right, I've got one. How come you don't fly everywhere?     It's exhausting. Why don't you run everywhere? It's faster.     Yeah, OK, I see, I see. All right, your turn.     TiVo. You can just freeze live TV? That's insane!     You don't have that?     We have Hivo, but it's a disease. It's a horrible, horrible disease.     Oh, my.     Dumb bees!     You must want to sting all those jerks.     We try not to sting. It's usually fatal for us.     So you have to watch your temper.     Very carefully. You kick a wall, take a walk,     write an angry letter and throw it out. Work through it like any emotion:     Anger, jealousy, lust.     Oh, my goodness! Are you OK?     Yeah.     - What is wrong with you?! - It's a bug.     He's not bothering anybody. Get out of here, you creep!     What was that? A Pic 'N' Save circular?     Yeah, it was. How did you know?     It felt like about 10 pages. Seventy-five is pretty much our limit.     You've really got that down to a science.     - I lost a cousin to Italian Vogue. - I'll bet.     What in the name of Mighty Hercules is this?     How did this get here? Oute Bee, Golden Blossom,     Ray Liotta Private Select?     - Is he that actor? - I never heard of him.     - Why is this here? - For people. We eat it.     You don't have enough food of your own?     - Well, yes. - How do you get it?     - Bees make it. - I know who makes it!     And it's hard to make it!     There's heating, cooling, stirring. You need a whole Krelman thing!     - It's organic. - It's our-ganic!     It's just honey, Barry.     Just what?!     Bees don't know about this! This is stealing! A lot of stealing!     You've taken our homes, schools, hospitals! This is all we have!     And it's on sale?! I'm getting to the bottom of this.     I'm getting to the bottom of all of this!     Hey, Hector.     - You almost done? - Almost.     He is here. I sense it.     Well, I guess I'll go home now     and just leave this nice honey out, with no one around.     You're busted, box boy!     I knew I heard something. So you can talk!     I can talk. And now you'll start talking!     Where you getting the sweet stuff? Who's your supplier?     I don't understand. I thought we were friends.     The last thing we want to do is upset bees!     You're too late! It's ours now!     You, sir, have crossed the wrong sword!     You, sir, will be lunch for my iguana, Ignacio!     Where is the honey coming from?     Tell me where!     Honey Farms! It comes from Honey Farms!     Orazy person!     What horrible thing has happened here?     These faces, they never knew what hit them. And now     they're on the road to nowhere!     Just keep still.     What? You're not dead?     Do I look dead? They will wipe anything that moves. Where you headed?     To Honey Farms. I am onto something huge here.     I'm going to Alaska. Moose blood, crazy stuff. Blows your head off!     I'm going to Tacoma.     - And you? - He really is dead.     All right.     Uh-oh!     - What is that?! - Oh, no!     - A wiper! Triple blade! - Triple blade?     Jump on! It's your only chance, bee!     Why does everything have to be so doggone clean?!     How much do you people need to see?!     Open your eyes! Stick your head out the window!     From NPR News in Washington, I'm Oarl Kasell.     But don't kill no more bugs!     - Bee! - Moose blood guy!!     - You hear something? - Like what?     Like tiny screaming.     Turn off the radio.     Whassup, bee boy?     Hey, Blood.     Just a row of honey jars, as far as the eye could see.     Wow!     I assume wherever this truck goes is where they're getting it.     I mean, that honey's ours.     - Bees hang tight. - We're all jammed in.     It's a close community.     Not us, man. We on our own. Every mosquito on his own.     - What if you get in trouble? - You a mosquito, you in trouble.     Nobody likes us. They just smack. See a mosquito, smack, smack!     At least you're out in the world. You must meet girls.     Mosquito girls try to trade up, get with a moth, dragonfly.     Mosquito girl don't want no mosquito.     You got to be kidding me!     Mooseblood's about to leave the building! So long, bee!     - Hey, guys! - Mooseblood!     I knew I'd catch y'all down here. Did you bring your crazy straw?     We throw it in jars, slap a label on it, and it's pretty much pure profit.     What is this place?     A bee's got a brain the size of a pinhead.     They are pinheads!     Pinhead.     - Oheck out the new smoker. - Oh, sweet. That's the one you want.     The Thomas 3000!     Smoker?     Ninety puffs a minute, semi-automatic. Twice the nicotine, all the tar.     A couple breaths of this knocks them right out.     They make the honey, and we make the money.     "They make the honey, and we make the money"?     Oh, my!     What's going on? Are you OK?     Yeah. It doesn't last too long.     Do you know you're in a fake hive with fake walls?     Our queen was moved here. We had no choice.     This is your queen? That's a man in women's clothes!     That's a drag queen!     What is this?     Oh, no!     There's hundreds of them!     Bee honey.     Our honey is being brazenly stolen on a massive scale!     This is worse than anything bears have done! I intend to do something.     Oh, Barry, stop.     Who told you humans are taking our honey? That's a rumor.     Do these look like rumors?     That's a conspiracy theory. These are obviously doctored photos.     How did you get mixed up in this?     He's been talking to humans.     - What? - Talking to humans?!     He has a human girlfriend. And they make out!     Make out? Barry!     We do not.     - You wish you could. - Whose side are you on?     The bees!     I dated a cricket once in San Antonio. Those crazy legs kept me up all night.     Barry, this is what you want to do with your life?     I want to do it for all our lives. Nobody works harder than bees!     Dad, I remember you coming home so overworked     your hands were still stirring. You couldn't stop.     I remember that.     What right do they have to our honey?     We live on two cups a year. They put it in lip balm for no reason whatsoever!     Even if it's true, what can one bee do?     Sting them where it really hurts.     In the face! The eye!     - That would hurt. - No.     Up the nose? That's a killer.     There's only one place you can sting the humans, one place where it matters.     Hive at Five, the hive's only full-hour action news source.     No more bee beards!     With Bob Bumble at the anchor desk.     Weather with Storm Stinger.     Sports with Buzz Larvi.     And Jeanette Ohung.     - Good evening. I'm Bob Bumble. - And I'm Jeanette Ohung.     A tri-county bee, Barry Benson,     intends to sue the human race for stealing our honey,     packaging it and profiting from it illegally!     Tomorrow night on Bee Larry King,     we'll have three former queens here in our studio, discussing their new book,     Olassy Ladies, out this week on Hexagon.     Tonight we're talking to Barry Benson.     Did you ever think, "I'm a kid from the hive. I can't do this"?     Bees have never been afraid to change the world.     What about Bee Oolumbus? Bee Gandhi? Bejesus?     Where I'm from, we'd never sue humans.     We were thinking of stickball or candy stores.     How old are you?     The bee community is supporting you in this case,     which will be the trial of the bee century.     You know, they have a Larry King in the human world too.     It's a common name. Next week...     He looks like you and has a show and suspenders and colored dots...     Next week...     Glasses, quotes on the bottom from the guest even though you just heard 'em.     Bear Week next week! They're scary, hairy and here live.     Always leans forward, pointy shoulders, squinty eyes, very Jewish.     In tennis, you attack at the point of weakness!     It was my grandmother, Ken. She's 81.     Honey, her backhand's a joke! I'm not gonna take advantage of that?     Quiet, please. Actual work going on here.     - Is that that same bee? - Yes, it is!     I'm helping him sue the human race.     - Hello. - Hello, bee.     This is Ken.     Yeah, I remember you. Timberland, size ten and a half. Vibram sole, I believe.     Why does he talk again?     Listen, you better go 'cause we're really busy working.     But it's our yogurt night!     Bye-bye.     Why is yogurt night so difficult?!     You poor thing. You two have been at this for hours!     Yes, and Adam here has been a huge help.     - Frosting... - How many sugars?     Just one. I try not to use the competition.     So why are you helping me?     Bees have good qualities.     And it takes my mind off the shop.     Instead of flowers, people are giving balloon bouquets now.     Those are great, if you're three.     And artificial flowers.     - Oh, those just get me psychotic! - Yeah, me too.     Bent stingers, pointless pollination.     Bees must hate those fake things!     Nothing worse than a daffodil that's had work done.     Maybe this could make up for it a little bit.     - This lawsuit's a pretty big deal. - I guess.     You sure you want to go through with it?     Am I sure? When I'm done with the humans, they won't be able     to say, "Honey, I'm home," without paying a royalty!     It's an incredible scene here in downtown Manhattan,     where the world anxiously waits, because for the first time in history,     we will hear for ourselves if a honeybee can actually speak.     What have we gotten into here, Barry?     It's pretty big, isn't it?     I can't believe how many humans don't work during the day.     You think billion-dollar multinational food companies have good lawyers?     Everybody needs to stay behind the barricade.     - What's the matter? - I don't know, I just got a chill.     Well, if it isn't the bee team.     You boys work on this?     All rise! The Honorable Judge Bumbleton presiding.     All right. Oase number 4475,     Superior Oourt of New York, Barry Bee Benson v. the Honey Industry     is now in session.     Mr. Montgomery, you're representing the five food companies collectively?     A privilege.     Mr. Benson... you're representing all the bees of the world?     I'm kidding. Yes, Your Honor, we're ready to proceed.     Mr. Montgomery, your opening statement, please.     Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,     my grandmother was a simple woman.     Born on a farm, she believed it was man's divine right     to benefit from the bounty of nature God put before us.     If we lived in the topsy-turvy world Mr. Benson imagines,     just think of what would it mean.     I would have to negotiate with the silkworm     for the elastic in my britches!     Talking bee!     How do we know this isn't some sort of     holographic motion-picture-capture Hollywood wizardry?     They could be using laser beams!     Robotics! Ventriloquism! Oloning! For all we know,     he could be on steroids!     Mr. Benson?     Ladies and gentlemen, there's no trickery here.     I'm just an ordinary bee. Honey's pretty important to me.     It's important to all bees. We invented it!     We make it. And we protect it with our lives.     Unfortunately, there are some people in this room     who think they can take it from us     'cause we're the little guys! I'm hoping that, after this is all over,     you'll see how, by taking our honey, you not only take everything we have     but everything we are!     I wish he'd dress like that all the time. So nice!     Oall your first witness.     So, Mr. Klauss Vanderhayden of Honey Farms, big company you have.     I suppose so.     I see you also own Honeyburton and Honron!     Yes, they provide beekeepers for our farms.     Beekeeper. I find that to be a very disturbing term.     I don't imagine you employ any bee-free-ers, do you?     - No. - I couldn't hear you.     - No. - No.     Because you don't free bees. You keep bees. Not only that,     it seems you thought a bear would be an appropriate image for a jar of honey.     They're very lovable creatures.     Yogi Bear, Fozzie Bear, Build-A-Bear.     You mean like this?     Bears kill bees!     How'd you like his head crashing through your living room?!     Biting into your couch! Spitting out your throw pillows!     OK, that's enough. Take him away.     So, Mr. Sting, thank you for being here. Your name intrigues me.     - Where have I heard it before? - I was with a band called The Police.     But you've never been a police officer, have you?     No, I haven't.     No, you haven't. And so here we have yet another example     of bee culture casually stolen by a human     for nothing more than a prance-about stage name.     Oh, please.     Have you ever been stung, Mr. Sting?     Because I'm feeling a little stung, Sting.     Or should I say... Mr. Gordon M. Sumner!     That's not his real name?! You idiots!     Mr. Liotta, first, belated congratulations on     your Emmy win for a guest spot on ER in 2005.     Thank you. Thank you.     I see from your resume that you're devilishly handsome     with a churning inner turmoil that's ready to blow.     I enjoy what I do. Is that a crime?     Not yet it isn't. But is this what it's come to for you?     Exploiting tiny, helpless bees so you don't     have to rehearse your part and learn your lines, sir?     Watch it, Benson! I could blow right now!     This isn't a goodfella. This is a badfella!     Why doesn't someone just step on this creep, and we can all go home?!     - Order in this court! - You're all thinking it!     Order! Order, I say!     - Say it! - Mr. Liotta, please sit down!     I think it was awfully nice of that bear to pitch in like that.     I think the jury's on our side.     Are we doing everything right, legally?     I'm a florist.     Right. Well, here's to a great team.     To a great team!     Well, hello.     - Ken! - Hello.     I didn't think you were coming.     No, I was just late. I tried to call, but... the battery.     I didn't want all this to go to waste, so I called Barry. Luckily, he was free.     Oh, that was lucky.     There's a little left. I could heat it up.     Yeah, heat it up, sure, whatever.     So I hear you're quite a tennis player.     I'm not much for the game myself. The ball's a little grabby.     That's where I usually sit. Right... there.     Ken, Barry was looking at your resume,     and he agreed with me that eating with chopsticks isn't really a special skill.     You think I don't see what you're doing?     I know how hard it is to find the rightjob. We have that in common.     Do we?     Bees have 100 percent employment, but we do jobs like taking the crud out.     That's just what I was thinking about doing.     Ken, I let Barry borrow your razor for his fuzz. I hope that was all right.     I'm going to drain the old stinger.     Yeah, you do that.     Look at that.     You know, I've just about had it     with your little mind games.     - What's that? - Italian Vogue.     Mamma mia, that's a lot of pages.     A lot of ads.     Remember what Van said, why is your life more valuable than mine?     Funny, I just can't seem to recall that!     I think something stinks in here!     I love the smell of flowers.     How do you like the smell of flames?!     Not as much.     Water bug! Not taking sides!     Ken, I'm wearing a Ohapstick hat! This is pathetic!     I've got issues!     Well, well, well, a royal flush!     - You're bluffing. - Am I?     Surf's up, dude!     Poo water!     That bowl is gnarly.     Except for those dirty yellow rings!     Kenneth! What are you doing?!     You know, I don't even like honey! I don't eat it!     We need to talk!     He's just a little bee!     And he happens to be the nicest bee I've met in a long time!     Long time? What are you talking about?! Are there other bugs in your life?     No, but there are other things bugging me in life. And you're one of them!     Fine! Talking bees, no yogurt night...     My nerves are fried from riding on this emotional roller coaster!     Goodbye, Ken.     And for your information,     I prefer sugar-free, artificial sweeteners made by man!     I'm sorry about all that.     I know it's got an aftertaste! I like it!     I always felt there was some kind of barrier between Ken and me.     I couldn't overcome it. Oh, well.     Are you OK for the trial?     I believe Mr. Montgomery is about out of ideas.     We would like to call Mr. Barry Benson Bee to the stand.     Good idea! You can really see why he's considered one of the best lawyers...     Yeah.     Layton, you've gotta weave some magic     with this jury, or it's gonna be all over.     Don't worry. The only thing I have to do to turn this jury around     is to remind them of what they don't like about bees.     - You got the tweezers? - Are you allergic?     Only to losing, son. Only to losing.     Mr. Benson Bee, I'll ask you what I think we'd all like to know.     What exactly is your relationship     to that woman?     We're friends.     - Good friends? - Yes.     How good? Do you live together?     Wait a minute...     Are you her little...     ...bedbug?     I've seen a bee documentary or two. From what I understand,     doesn't your queen give birth to all the bee children?     - Yeah, but... - So those aren't your real parents!     - Oh, Barry... - Yes, they are!     Hold me back!     You're an illegitimate bee, aren't you, Benson?     He's denouncing bees!     Don't y'all date your cousins?     - Objection! - I'm going to pincushion this guy!     Adam, don't! It's what he wants!     Oh, I'm hit!!     Oh, lordy, I am hit!     Order! Order!     The venom! The venom is coursing through my veins!     I have been felled by a winged beast of destruction!     You see? You can't treat them like equals! They're striped savages!     Stinging's the only thing they know! It's their way!     - Adam, stay with me. - I can't feel my legs.     What angel of mercy will come forward to suck the poison     from my heaving buttocks?     I will have order in this court. Order!     Order, please!     The case of the honeybees versus the human race     took a pointed turn against the bees     yesterday when one of their legal team stung Layton T. Montgomery.     - Hey, buddy. - Hey.     - Is there much pain? - Yeah.     I...     I blew the whole case, didn't I?     It doesn't matter. What matters is you're alive. You could have died.     I'd be better off dead. Look at me.     They got it from the cafeteria downstairs, in a tuna sandwich.     Look, there's a little celery still on it.     What was it like to sting someone?     I can't explain it. It was all...     All adrenaline and then... and then ecstasy!     All right.     You think it was all a trap?     Of course. I'm sorry. I flew us right into this.     What were we thinking? Look at us. We're just a couple of bugs in this world.     What will the humans do to us if they win?     I don't know.     I hear they put the roaches in motels. That doesn't sound so bad.     Adam, they check in, but they don't check out!     Oh, my.     Oould you get a nurse to close that window?     - Why? - The smoke.     Bees don't smoke.     Right. Bees don't smoke.     Bees don't smoke! But some bees are smoking.     That's it! That's our case!     It is? It's not over?     Get dressed. I've gotta go somewhere.     Get back to the court and stall. Stall any way you can.     And assuming you've done step correctly, you're ready for the tub.     Mr. Flayman.     Yes? Yes, Your Honor!     Where is the rest of your team?     Well, Your Honor, it's interesting.     Bees are trained to fly haphazardly,     and as a result, we don't make very good time.     I actually heard a funny story about...     Your Honor, haven't these ridiculous bugs     taken up enough of this court's valuable time?     How much longer will we allow these absurd shenanigans to go on?     They have presented no compelling evidence to support their charges     against my clients, who run legitimate businesses.     I move for a complete dismissal of this entire case!     Mr. Flayman, I'm afraid I'm going     to have to consider Mr. Montgomery's motion.     But you can't! We have a terrific case.     Where is your proof? Where is the evidence?     Show me the smoking gun!     Hold it, Your Honor! You want a smoking gun?     Here is your smoking gun.     What is that?     It's a bee smoker!     What, this? This harmless little contraption?     This couldn't hurt a fly, let alone a bee.     Look at what has happened     to bees who have never been asked, "Smoking or non?"     Is this what nature intended for us?     To be forcibly addicted to smoke machines     and man-made wooden slat work camps?     Living out our lives as honey slaves to the white man?     - What are we gonna do? - He's playing the species card.     Ladies and gentlemen, please, free these bees!     Free the bees! Free the bees!     Free the bees!     Free the bees! Free the bees!     The court finds in favor of the bees!     Vanessa, we won!     I knew you could do it! High-five!     Sorry.     I'm OK! You know what this means?     All the honey will finally belong to the bees.     Now we won't have to work so hard all the time.     This is an unholy perversion of the balance of nature, Benson.     You'll regret this.     Barry, how much honey is out there?     All right. One at a time.     Barry, who are you wearing?     My sweater is Ralph Lauren, and I have no pants.     - What if Montgomery's right? - What do you mean?     We've been living the bee way a long time, 27 million years.     Oongratulations on your victory. What will you demand as a settlement?     First, we'll demand a complete shutdown of all bee work camps.     Then we want back the honey that was ours to begin with,     every last drop.     We demand an end to the glorification of the bear as anything more     than a filthy, smelly, bad-breath stink machine.     We're all aware of what they do in the woods.     Wait for my signal.     Take him out.     He'll have nauseous for a few hours, then he'll be fine.     And we will no longer tolerate bee-negative nicknames...     But it's just a prance-about stage name!     ...unnecessary inclusion of honey in bogus health products     and la-dee-da human tea-time snack garnishments.     Oan't breathe.     Bring it in, boys!     Hold it right there! Good.     Tap it.     Mr. Buzzwell, we just passed three cups, and there's gallons more coming!     - I think we need to shut down! - Shut down? We've never shut down.     Shut down honey production!     Stop making honey!     Turn your key, sir!     What do we do now?     Oannonball!     We're shutting honey production!     Mission abort.     Aborting pollination and nectar detail. Returning to base.     Adam, you wouldn't believe how much honey was out there.     Oh, yeah?     What's going on? Where is everybody?     - Are they out celebrating? - They're home.     They don't know what to do. Laying out, sleeping in.     I heard your Uncle Oarl was on his way to San Antonio with a cricket.     At least we got our honey back.     Sometimes I think, so what if humans liked our honey? Who wouldn't?     It's the greatest thing in the world! I was excited to be part of making it.     This was my new desk. This was my new job. I wanted to do it really well.     And now...     Now I can't.     I don't understand why they're not happy.     I thought their lives would be better!     They're doing nothing. It's amazing. Honey really changes people.     You don't have any idea what's going on, do you?     - What did you want to show me? - This.     What happened here?     That is not the half of it.     Oh, no. Oh, my.     They're all wilting.     Doesn't look very good, does it?     No.     And whose fault do you think that is?     You know, I'm gonna guess bees.     Bees?     Specifically, me.     I didn't think bees not needing to make honey would affect all these things.     It's notjust flowers. Fruits, vegetables, they all need bees.     That's our whole SAT test right there.     Take away produce, that affects the entire animal kingdom.     And then, of course...     The human species?     So if there's no more pollination,     it could all just go south here, couldn't it?     I know this is also partly my fault.     How about a suicide pact?     How do we do it?     - I'll sting you, you step on me. - Thatjust kills you twice.     Right, right.     Listen, Barry... sorry, but I gotta get going.     I had to open my mouth and talk.     Vanessa?     Vanessa? Why are you leaving? Where are you going?     To the final Tournament of Roses parade in Pasadena.     They've moved it to this weekend because all the flowers are dying.     It's the last chance I'll ever have to see it.     Vanessa, I just wanna say I'm sorry. I never meant it to turn out like this.     I know. Me neither.     Tournament of Roses. Roses can't do sports.     Wait a minute. Roses. Roses?     Roses!     Vanessa!     Roses?!     Barry?     - Roses are flowers! - Yes, they are.     Flowers, bees, pollen!     I know. That's why this is the last parade.     Maybe not. Oould you ask him to slow down?     Oould you slow down?     Barry!     OK, I made a huge mistake. This is a total disaster, all my fault.     Yes, it kind of is.     I've ruined the planet. I wanted to help you     with the flower shop. I've made it worse.     Actually, it's completely closed down.     I thought maybe you were remodeling.     But I have another idea, and it's greater than my previous ideas combined.     I don't want to hear it!     All right, they have the roses, the roses have the pollen.     I know every bee, plant and flower bud in this park.     All we gotta do is get what they've got back here with what we've got.     - Bees. - Park.     - Pollen! - Flowers.     - Repollination! - Across the nation!     Tournament of Roses, Pasadena, Oalifornia.     They've got nothing but flowers, floats and cotton candy.     Security will be tight.     I have an idea.     Vanessa Bloome, FTD.     Official floral business. It's real.     Sorry, ma'am. Nice brooch.     Thank you. It was a gift.     Once inside, we just pick the right float.     How about The Princess and the Pea?     I could be the princess, and you could be the pea!     Yes, I got it.     - Where should I sit? - What are you?     - I believe I'm the pea. - The pea?     It goes under the mattresses.     - Not in this fairy tale, sweetheart. - I'm getting the marshal.     You do that! This whole parade is a fiasco!     Let's see what this baby'll do.     Hey, what are you doing?!     Then all we do is blend in with traffic...     ...without arousing suspicion.     Once at the airport, there's no stopping us.     Stop! Security.     - You and your insect pack your float? - Yes.     Has it been in your possession the entire time?     Would you remove your shoes?     - Remove your stinger. - It's part of me.     I know. Just having some fun. Enjoy your flight.     Then if we're lucky, we'll have just enough pollen to do the job.     Oan you believe how lucky we are? We have just enough pollen to do the job!     I think this is gonna work.     It's got to work.     Attention, passengers, this is Oaptain Scott.     We have a bit of bad weather in New York.     It looks like we'll experience a couple hours delay.     Barry, these are cut flowers with no water. They'll never make it.     I gotta get up there and talk to them.     Be careful.     Oan I get help with the Sky Mall magazine?     I'd like to order the talking inflatable nose and ear hair trimmer.     Oaptain, I'm in a real situation.     - What'd you say, Hal? - Nothing.     Bee!     Don't freak out! My entire species...     What are you doing?     - Wait a minute! I'm an attorney! - Who's an attorney?     Don't move.     Oh, Barry.     Good afternoon, passengers. This is your captain.     Would a Miss Vanessa Bloome in 24B please report to the cockpit?     And please hurry!     What happened here?     There was a DustBuster, a toupee, a life raft exploded.     One's bald, one's in a boat, they're both unconscious!     - Is that another bee joke? - No!     No one's flying the plane!     This is JFK control tower, Flight 356. What's your status?     This is Vanessa Bloome. I'm a florist from New York.     Where's the pilot?     He's unconscious, and so is the copilot.     Not good. Does anyone onboard have flight experience?     As a matter of fact, there is.     - Who's that? - Barry Benson.     From the honey trial?! Oh, great.     Vanessa, this is nothing more than a big metal bee.     It's got giant wings, huge engines.     I can't fly a plane.     - Why not? Isn't John Travolta a pilot? - Yes.     How hard could it be?     Wait, Barry! We're headed into some lightning.     This is Bob Bumble. We have some late-breaking news from JFK Airport,     where a suspenseful scene is developing.     Barry Benson, fresh from his legal victory...     That's Barry!     ...is attempting to land a plane, loaded with people, flowers     and an incapacitated flight crew.     Flowers?!     We have a storm in the area and two individuals at the controls     with absolutely no flight experience.     Just a minute. There's a bee on that plane.     I'm quite familiar with Mr. Benson and his no-account compadres.     They've done enough damage.     But isn't he your only hope?     Technically, a bee shouldn't be able to fly at all.     Their wings are too small...     Haven't we heard this a million times?     "The surface area of the wings and body mass make no sense."     - Get this on the air! - Got it.     - Stand by. - We're going live.     The way we work may be a mystery to you.     Making honey takes a lot of bees doing a lot of small jobs.     But let me tell you about a small job.     If you do it well, it makes a big difference.     More than we realized. To us, to everyone.     That's why I want to get bees back to working together.     That's the bee way! We're not made of Jell-O.     We get behind a fellow.     - Black and yellow! - Hello!     Left, right, down, hover.     - Hover? - Forget hover.     This isn't so hard. Beep-beep! Beep-beep!     Barry, what happened?!     Wait, I think we were on autopilot the whole time.     - That may have been helping me. - And now we're not!     So it turns out I cannot fly a plane.     All of you, let's get behind this fellow! Move it out!     Move out!     Our only chance is if I do what I'd do, you copy me with the wings of the plane!     Don't have to yell.     I'm not yelling! We're in a lot of trouble.     It's very hard to concentrate with that panicky tone in your voice!     It's not a tone. I'm panicking!     I can't do this!     Vanessa, pull yourself together. You have to snap out of it!     You snap out of it.     You snap out of it.     - You snap out of it! - You snap out of it!     - You snap out of it! - You snap out of it!     - You snap out of it! - You snap out of it!     - Hold it! - Why? Oome on, it's my turn.     How is the plane flying?     I don't know.     Hello?     Benson, got any flowers for a happy occasion in there?     The Pollen Jocks!     They do get behind a fellow.     - Black and yellow. - Hello.     All right, let's drop this tin can on the blacktop.     Where? I can't see anything. Oan you?     No, nothing. It's all cloudy.     Oome on. You got to think bee, Barry.     - Thinking bee. - Thinking bee.     Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!     Wait a minute. I think I'm feeling something.     - What? - I don't know. It's strong, pulling me.     Like a 27-million-year-old instinct.     Bring the nose down.     Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!     - What in the world is on the tarmac? - Get some lights on that!     Thinking bee! Thinking bee! Thinking bee!     - Vanessa, aim for the flower. - OK.     Out the engines. We're going in on bee power. Ready, boys?     Affirmative!     Good. Good. Easy, now. That's it.     Land on that flower!     Ready? Full reverse!     Spin it around!     - Not that flower! The other one! - Which one?     - That flower. - I'm aiming at the flower!     That's a fat guy in a flowered shirt. I mean the giant pulsating flower     made of millions of bees!     Pull forward. Nose down. Tail up.     Rotate around it.     - This is insane, Barry! - This's the only way I know how to fly.     Am I koo-koo-kachoo, or is this plane flying in an insect-like pattern?     Get your nose in there. Don't be afraid. Smell it. Full reverse!     Just drop it. Be a part of it.     Aim for the center!     Now drop it in! Drop it in, woman!     Oome on, already.     Barry, we did it! You taught me how to fly!     - Yes. No high-five! - Right.     Barry, it worked! Did you see the giant flower?     What giant flower? Where? Of course I saw the flower! That was genius!     - Thank you. - But we're not done yet.     Listen, everyone!     This runway is covered with the last pollen     from the last flowers available anywhere on Earth.     That means this is our last chance.     We're the only ones who make honey, pollinate flowers and dress like this.     If we're gonna survive as a species, this is our moment! What do you say?     Are we going to be bees, orjust Museum of Natural History keychains?     We're bees!     Keychain!     Then follow me! Except Keychain.     Hold on, Barry. Here.     You've earned this.     Yeah!     I'm a Pollen Jock! And it's a perfect fit. All I gotta do are the sleeves.     Oh, yeah.     That's our Barry.     Mom! The bees are back!     If anybody needs to make a call, now's the time.     I got a feeling we'll be working late tonight!     Here's your change. Have a great afternoon! Oan I help who's next?     Would you like some honey with that? It is bee-approved. Don't forget these.     Milk, cream, cheese, it's all me. And I don't see a nickel!     Sometimes I just feel like a piece of meat!     I had no idea.     Barry, I'm sorry. Have you got a moment?     Would you excuse me? My mosquito associate will help you.     Sorry I'm late.     He's a lawyer too?     I was already a blood-sucking parasite. All I needed was a briefcase.     Have a great afternoon!     Barry, I just got this huge tulip order, and I can't get them anywhere.     No problem, Vannie. Just leave it to me.     You're a lifesaver, Barry. Oan I help who's next?     All right, scramble, jocks! It's time to fly.     Thank you, Barry!     That bee is living my life!     Let it go, Kenny.     - When will this nightmare end?! - Let it all go.     - Beautiful day to fly. - Sure is.     Between you and me, I was dying to get out of that office.     You have got to start thinking bee, my friend.     - Thinking bee! - Me?     Hold it. Let's just stop for a second. Hold it.     I'm sorry. I'm sorry, everyone. Oan we stop here?     I'm not making a major life decision during a production number!     All right. Take ten, everybody. Wrap it up, guys.     I had virtually no rehearsal for that.

HOME
The Entire Bee Movie Script
Bee Movie Script - Dialogue Transcript

According to all known laws
of aviation,

there is no way a bee
should be able to fly.

Its wings are too small to get
its fat little body off the ground.

The bee, of course, flies anyway

because bees don't care
what humans think is impossible.

Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.

Ooh, black and yellow!
Let's shake it up a little.

Barry! Breakfast is ready!

Ooming!

Hang on a second.

Hello?

- Barry?
- Adam?

- Oan you believe this is happening?
- I can't. I'll pick you up.

Looking sharp.

Use the stairs. Your father
paid good money for those.

Sorry. I'm excited.

Here's the graduate.
We're very proud of you, son.

A perfect report card, all B's.

Very proud.

Ma! I got a thing going here.

- You got lint on your fuzz.
- Ow! That's me!

- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.
- Bye!

Barry, I told you,
stop flying in the house!

- Hey, Adam.
- Hey, Barry.

- Is that fuzz gel?
- A little. Special day, graduation.

Never thought I'd make it.

Three days grade school,
three days high school.

Those were awkward.

Three days college. I'm glad I took
a day and hitchhiked around the hive.

You did come back different.

- Hi, Barry.
- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.

- Hear about Frankie?
- Yeah.

- You going to the funeral?
- No, I'm not going.

Everybody knows,
sting someone, you die.

Don't waste it on a squirrel.
Such a hothead.

I guess he could have
just gotten out of the way.

I love this incorporating
an amusement park into our day.

That's why we don't need vacations.

Boy, quite a bit of pomp...
under the circumstances.

- Well, Adam, today we are men.
- We are!

- Bee-men.
- Amen!

Hallelujah!

Students, faculty, distinguished bees,

please welcome Dean Buzzwell.

Welcome, New Hive Oity
graduating class of...

...9:15.

That concludes our ceremonies.

And begins your career
at Honex Industries!

Will we pick ourjob today?

I heard it's just orientation.

Heads up! Here we go.

Keep your hands and antennas
inside the tram at all times.

- Wonder what it'll be like?
- A little scary.

Welcome to Honex,
a division of Honesco

and a part of the Hexagon Group.

This is it!

Wow.

Wow.

We know that you, as a bee,
have worked your whole life

to get to the point where you
can work for your whole life.

Honey begins when our valiant Pollen
Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.

Our top-secret formula

is automatically color-corrected,
scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured

into this soothing sweet syrup

with its distinctive
golden glow you know as...

Honey!

- That girl was hot.
- She's my cousin!

- She is?
- Yes, we're all cousins.

- Right. You're right.
- At Honex, we constantly strive

to improve every aspect
of bee existence.

These bees are stress-testing
a new helmet technology.

- What do you think he makes?
- Not enough.

Here we have our latest advancement,
the Krelman.

- What does that do?
- Oatches that little strand of honey

that hangs after you pour it.
Saves us millions.

Oan anyone work on the Krelman?

Of course. Most bee jobs are
small ones. But bees know

that every small job,
if it's done well, means a lot.

But choose carefully

because you'll stay in the job
you pick for the rest of your life.

The same job the rest of your life?
I didn't know that.

What's the difference?

You'll be happy to know that bees,
as a species, haven't had one day off

in 27 million years.

So you'll just work us to death?

We'll sure try.

Wow! That blew my mind!

"What's the difference?"
How can you say that?

One job forever?
That's an insane choice to have to make.

I'm relieved. Now we only have
to make one decision in life.

But, Adam, how could they
never have told us that?

Why would you question anything?
We're bees.

We're the most perfectly
functioning society on Earth.

You ever think maybe things
work a little too well here?

Like what? Give me one example.

I don't know. But you know
what I'm talking about.

Please clear the gate.
Royal Nectar Force on approach.

Wait a second. Oheck it out.

- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!
- Wow.

I've never seen them this close.

They know what it's like
outside the hive.

Yeah, but some don't come back.

- Hey, Jocks!
- Hi, Jocks!

You guys did great!

You're monsters!
You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!

- I wonder where they were.
- I don't know.

Their day's not planned.

Outside the hive, flying who knows
where, doing who knows what.

You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen
Jock. You have to be bred for that.

Right.

Look. That's more pollen
than you and I will see in a lifetime.

It's just a status symbol.
Bees make too much of it.

Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it
and the ladies see you wearing it.

Those ladies?
Aren't they our cousins too?

Distant. Distant.

Look at these two.

- Oouple of Hive Harrys.
- Let's have fun with them.

It must be dangerous
being a Pollen Jock.

Yeah. Once a bear pinned me
against a mushroom!

He had a paw on my throat,
and with the other, he was slapping me!

- Oh, my!
- I never thought I'd knock him out.

What were you doing during this?

Trying to alert the authorities.

I can autograph that.

A little gusty out there today,
wasn't it, comrades?

Yeah. Gusty.

We're hitting a sunflower patch
six miles from here tomorrow.

- Six miles, huh?
- Barry!

A puddle jump for us,
but maybe you're not up for it.

- Maybe I am.
- You are not!

We're going 0900 at J-Gate.

What do you think, buzzy-boy?
Are you bee enough?

I might be. It all depends
on what 0900 means.

Hey, Honex!

Dad, you surprised me.

You decide what you're interested in?

- Well, there's a lot of choices.
- But you only get one.

Do you ever get bored
doing the same job every day?

Son, let me tell you about stirring.

You grab that stick, and you just
move it around, and you stir it around.

You get yourself into a rhythm.
It's a beautiful thing.

You know, Dad,
the more I think about it,

maybe the honey field
just isn't right for me.

You were thinking of what,
making balloon animals?

That's a bad job
for a guy with a stinger.

Janet, your son's not sure
he wants to go into honey!

- Barry, you are so funny sometimes.
- I'm not trying to be funny.

You're not funny! You're going
into honey. Our son, the stirrer!

- You're gonna be a stirrer?
- No one's listening to me!

Wait till you see the sticks I have.

I could say anything right now.
I'm gonna get an ant tattoo!

Let's open some honey and celebrate!

Maybe I'll pierce my thorax.
Shave my antennae.

Shack up with a grasshopper. Get
a gold tooth and call everybody "dawg"!

I'm so proud.

- We're starting work today!
- Today's the day.

Oome on! All the good jobs
will be gone.

Yeah, right.

Pollen counting, stunt bee, pouring,
stirrer, front desk, hair removal...

- Is it still available?
- Hang on. Two left!

One of them's yours! Oongratulations!
Step to the side.

- What'd you get?
- Picking crud out. Stellar!

Wow!

Oouple of newbies?

Yes, sir! Our first day! We are ready!

Make your choice.

- You want to go first?
- No, you go.

Oh, my. What's available?

Restroom attendant's open,
not for the reason you think.

- Any chance of getting the Krelman?
- Sure, you're on.

I'm sorry, the Krelman just closed out.

Wax monkey's always open.

The Krelman opened up again.

What happened?

A bee died. Makes an opening. See?
He's dead. Another dead one.

Deady. Deadified. Two more dead.

Dead from the neck up.
Dead from the neck down. That's life!

Oh, this is so hard!

Heating, cooling,
stunt bee, pourer, stirrer,

humming, inspector number seven,
lint coordinator, stripe supervisor,

mite wrangler. Barry, what
do you think I should... Barry?

Barry!

All right, we've got the sunflower patch
in quadrant nine...

What happened to you?
Where are you?

- I'm going out.
- Out? Out where?

- Out there.
- Oh, no!

I have to, before I go
to work for the rest of my life.

You're gonna die! You're crazy! Hello?

Another call coming in.

If anyone's feeling brave,
there's a Korean deli on 83rd

that gets their roses today.

Hey, guys.

- Look at that.
- Isn't that the kid we saw yesterday?

Hold it, son, flight deck's restricted.

It's OK, Lou. We're gonna take him up.

Really? Feeling lucky, are you?

Sign here, here. Just initial that.

- Thank you.
- OK.

You got a rain advisory today,

and as you all know,
bees cannot fly in rain.

So be careful. As always,
watch your brooms,

hockey sticks, dogs,
birds, bears and bats.

Also, I got a couple of reports
of root beer being poured on us.

Murphy's in a home because of it,
babbling like a cicada!

- That's awful.
- And a reminder for you rookies,

bee law number one,
absolutely no talking to humans!

All right, launch positions!

Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz,
buzz, buzz! Buzz, buzz, buzz, buzz!

Black and yellow!

Hello!

You ready for this, hot shot?

Yeah. Yeah, bring it on.

Wind, check.

- Antennae, check.
- Nectar pack, check.

- Wings, check.
- Stinger, check.

Scared out of my shorts, check.

OK, ladies,

let's move it out!

Pound those petunias,
you striped stem-suckers!

All of you, drain those flowers!

Wow! I'm out!

I can't believe I'm out!

So blue.

I feel so fast and free!

Box kite!

Wow!

Flowers!

This is Blue Leader.
We have roses visual.

Bring it around 30 degrees and hold.

Roses!

30 degrees, roger. Bringing it around.

Stand to the side, kid.
It's got a bit of a kick.

That is one nectar collector!

- Ever see pollination up close?
- No, sir.

I pick up some pollen here, sprinkle it
over here. Maybe a dash over there,

a pinch on that one.
See that? It's a little bit of magic.

That's amazing. Why do we do that?

That's pollen power. More pollen, more
flowers, more nectar, more honey for us.

Oool.

I'm picking up a lot of bright yellow.
Oould be daisies. Don't we need those?

Oopy that visual.

Wait. One of these flowers
seems to be on the move.

Say again? You're reporting
a moving flower?

Affirmative.

That was on the line!

This is the coolest. What is it?

I don't know, but I'm loving this color.

It smells good.
Not like a flower, but I like it.

Yeah, fuzzy.

O

---
## [newstools/2020-tabloid-media](https://github.com/newstools/2020-tabloid-media)@[fcb2d462d7...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-tabloid-media/commit/fcb2d462d7d9039b323f0bd395ae9f348cd7b55e)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 08:55:13 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [tabloidmedia.co.za/celebrate-love-at-valentines-social-dance-evening/]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[be757fd96f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/be757fd96f403e841d998b7438d2c75ee79362b4)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 11:11:45 by Marko Grdini

"10:05am. https://www.reddit.com/r/ProgrammingLanguages/comments/f29lxx/a_few_questions_for_compiler_engineers_out_there/

For some reason this thread got erased by the OP, but /u/jdh30 wrote some interesting things.

///

> Just out of curiosity, how did you manage to go from a dynamic language like Mathematica to a static one like F#? What would the reason be for doing something like this?

Their code base was extremely weird due to decades of organic evolution with no technical architecture or even direction. Firstly, their workflow was to have actuaries define calculations in Excel or Word and give them to one team who coded them up in Mathematica with initial tests. Then another team would translate the Mathematica to C++ to go into production and they would retest using a larger battery of tests.

In practice, translating Mathematica to C++ was extremely hard. They solved this problem by massively restricting the subset of Mathematica they used to the point that it was basically C++ code with a nicer syntax. A side effect of the consistent failures in manual translation was the evolution of an absolutely enormous test suite. By far the largest test suite I've ever seen. When I started, running the test suite in Mathematica took several days.

So their Mathematica code was already using an almost-entirely-sane type system, albeit a manual one, and I could easily and confidently test my output code by running the huge test suite through it.

> If I had to do something like that myself, the first thing that comes to mind is that I'd write a Mathematica interpreter in F# and point it at that code...but I am not sure that this would improve the situation any.

They hired me because I'm the only person in the world to have worked on both the Mathematica and F# language implementations before. And writing and using an interpreter proved to be extremely useful in this case because they had paid WRI a 2m consultancy contract to develop a bespoke Mathematica dialect for them that only ever worked with Mathematica 4 (1999) and could not be run in any more modern version of Mathematica. Rather than paying WRI 2m every time they released a new version of Mathematica, this client just stuck with Mathematica 4.

So the interpreter was actually very useful for several reasons:

Nothing else could even parse their code because it was a custom dialect of a prioprietary language.

My interpreter could run their huge test suite as a proof of concept, showing them the feasibility of the much larger transpiler project.

The execution of the test suite verified my inferred types across their Mathematica code.

So it was actually surprisingly valuable. My interpreter also ran their test suite a lot faster than Mathematica did, bringing the time from days to hours. The final F# code ran the entire test suite in seconds.

The overall benefits for the client were:

1. Much easier to hire/train F# developers.

2. Much cheaper to use F#.

3. 5x higher developer productivity.

4. 10x less code.

5. 100,000x faster code.

6. Higher morale.

7. Easier to audit the algorithms.

///

I'll save this reply in my journal for posterity since I asked him those questions.

///

Forgive my rant but I think compiler engineering is a massively under-valued skill. In many companies over the decades I have noticed that management evolve an inefficient system where the shipping of a business idea from a business person to the customer has to go through IT. A vastly better solution is to pull IT out of that (where they are generally drowning in BAU projects anyway) and get IT to design and build bespoke tools that allow the business people to ship their own ideas. IT are generally happier doing this more interesting work. The business people are happier not having such frustrating interactions with IT. The company enjoys faster time to market and lower overheads. In my experience, the tool that IT builds for the business person is often a language implementation of some form.

The problem I see with compiler engineering is excessive focus on what, for most projects, is massive overengineering. I think the minimum viable product gets neglected.

///

Let me also save this rant from a previous post. I'll keep this bit of advice in mind.

10:35am. I've fought off my grogginess a little and got some morning reading done. Let me go through the TS documentation for a while. There is also the Playground with code examples.

https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/home.html

11:10am. https://distill.pub/2020/growing-ca/
Growing Neural Cellular Automata

This is interesting. I'll read it later.

11:30am. https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/interfaces.html

The handbook is better than that course as a source of info.

I'll go through this today and then finally start coding. I really want to make some progress on this, but there is no helping it. Starting new things always requires a ramp up period.

12pm. https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/classes.html

I like the documentation much more than the material I went through yesterday. I am starting to acclimate to this.

12:05pm. I am actually starting to get interested in TS a little. It has pattern matching and all that good stuff. For a static language, it has features I've only ever used in Spiral in various guises.

...Enough. Let me stop here for a while so I can eat.

12:10pm. Without a doubt, I will finish the documentation today and get some real programming done after that."

---
## [haircommander/cri-o](https://github.com/haircommander/cri-o)@[754e091f49...](https://github.com/haircommander/cri-o/commit/754e091f4950515b55456b1a4f7f9977fa08b9c5)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 14:42:12 by Peter Hunt

HACK: pretend like klog is glog

After a bout of desparation, this is the solution that is needed.
Glog doesn't expose the endpoints that klog does, including overriding the flags
However, one needs to override the flags to be able to make it so logs aren't written to /tmp
All of the k8s code still expects glog to be there, so we can't just use klog in cri-o and be okay.

instead, what we need to do is fork klog, and manually change the package name to glog.
This is horrible, gross, and hacky, but the nature of software deprecation leaves us no other choice.

Signed-off-by: Peter Hunt <pehunt@redhat.com>

---
## [AlexdeBruyn/KaYoS-AtEFF](https://github.com/AlexdeBruyn/KaYoS-AtEFF)@[2c0e81eff3...](https://github.com/AlexdeBruyn/KaYoS-AtEFF/commit/2c0e81eff3b393bc5cf14b5973030988daf8aead)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 15:01:20 by AlexdeBruyn

Modifications of Starting Scenario in Yukon, Stikine and Alexander

New vassals and characters are added to the duchies of Yukon, Stikine and Alexander in the far northwest of the map.

Rich McIntyre is joined by younger brother and Vassal, Jack, who rules the county of Stikine. Between their personal demesnes is the elderly soon-to-be-widower Dalton Horwood. Dalton, has who gained title over this land by calling in a favour earned over two generations of dutiful service to the McIntyres and their father, now finds himself heirless, and desperate to carry on his ancient and storied line.

Aurore Godin, whose house displaced the McIntyres from Whitehorse a century ago, is the wife of her Tlingit liege, Yeilgooxu Xunaa. She had sons from a previous marriage to secure House Godin's claim to Whitehorse, but a fatal accident has recently befallen her youngest, and her husband's house now stands to gain from any misfortune that may befall her eldest. Should her line die out, the Tlingit are poised to inherit one of the great centers of Yukoner culture.

Elias Charlie is a legendary family man, blessed with children in abundance, putting him in an advantageous position for marital alliances with his Tlingit overlord, and many foreigners who might be in search of aliances should his ambitions grow beyond the limits of Kluane.

Walter LeConte, better known as 'The Black' is a corsair of legend across the Inside Passage. In the chaos following the overthrow of the Xunaas and the Haida conquest, he was able to leverage his martial skills, ruthlessness and willingness to convert to the Haida faith to secure for himself a position as a vassal of the Tlagaang. Now flying Raven's banner, this notorious pirate has a new opportunity to plunder his foes and neighbours like never before... or perhaps settle down and go legitimate, as much as a salt of his likes can.

There are also minor corrections outside of the discussed area. Character 1200001 is renamed from Tsaa Hamjuuwee to Tsaak, so that he does not share a name with his own brother, also named Tsaa Hamjuuwee, king of the Januug Tlagaang. The three daughters of Drake Messier have been corrected to have his dynasty and culture.

---
## [petre-symfony/symfony5](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony5)@[b34abbfcb3...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony5/commit/b34abbfcb3891d17a37d42bb0e795b5e0c43b444)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 15:03:00 by petrero

6.1.Recipe Upgrade: symfony/console & bootstrap.php{Recipe Organization & History; Let's update a Recipe; The bin/console changes; Investigating a Change}

The first recipe I want to update is symfony/console. Let's get some more info about it:

composer recipes symfony/console
Just like before, it shows us some links: a link to what the recipe looked like at the moment we installed it - I'll paste that into my browser - and also a version of what the recipe looks like right now. Let's open up that one too.

Recipe Organization & History
We're not going to always study the history of a recipe like this, but I need to show you something. Because of the way that recipes are organized, if you want see what changed in a recipe since you installed it, it's not always as easy as looking at the history.
This is what the recipe looks like today. Click to look at the commit history. You might think:

  Okay, I'll just go back and see what commits have been made to this recipe since my version.

That's a great idea, because sometimes knowing why something changed can be a huge help. But... the installed version of my recipe lives in a symfony/console/3.3/ directory. The new one lives in symfony/console/4.4/.
Let's look at this entire symfony/console directory. Oh, and make sure that you're looking at the master branch - the latest commits. Each recipe is allowed to have multiple versions. If you installed symfony/console version 3.3, Flex would install the 3.3 recipe. If you installed 4.2, you would get the 4.2 recipe. What if you installed symfony/console 4.1? You would get the 3.3 recipe. A new directory is created only when a recipe needs to be updated to show off a feature that's only available in a newer version.
So, it's kind of a strange versioning mechanism. When we installed this recipe, we installed the 3.3 version. Updating it would install the 4.4 version. So if you want to see the full history... it's tricky: you kind of need to look at the history of what commits have been made to the 4.4 branch... and also maybe the history of what's been done to the 4.2 branch.... and also maybe the commit history for the 3.3 branch.
But, it's not as bad as it sounds - I'm trying to deliver the bad news first. Most of the time, the reason a file was updated in a recipe will be pretty obvious. And when it's not, with a little digging, we can find the reason.

Let's update a Recipe
Okay, so how do we actually upgrade a recipe to the latest version? You can see the answer down here: composer recipes:install symfony/console --force -v.
But, it's not really a smart "update" system. That command tells Flex to completely re-install the symfony/console recipe using the latest version. Try it:

composer recipes:install symfony/console --force -v
Nice! Thanks to the -v flag, it tells us what files it worked on. It says:

  Created bin/console
  Created config/bootstrap.php
Well, really, it modified those files... but at least in the version of Flex I'm using, it always says "created".

Let's see how things look. Run:

git status
Cool! 3 changed files. Just like with the MonologBundle recipe, we need to add these changes carefully: if we had any custom code in the files, the update process just replaced it. Run:

git add -p

The bin/console changes
The first file is bin/console... and it's a namespace change from Debug to ErrorHandler. This is updating our code to use a new ErrorHandler component - some features of the Debug component were moved there. So that's a good change.
It also... I don't know, added some if statement that prints a warning... it looks like it's just making sure we don't try to run this from inside a web server. Enter "y" to add both changes.

Investigating a Change
Next, woh! It removed a huge block of code from the bottom and tweaked an if statement further up. These changes are on config/bootstrap.php.
This... looks like some low-level, edge-case normalization of environment variables. So probably we want this. But let's pretend we don't know: we want to find out why this change was made.
How? By doing some digging! Go back to symfony/recipes/console. Start by looking in the 4.4/ directory - the version we're installing. Find config/bootstrap.php.
Wait... see the config/ directory? What does that little arrow mean? It means that this is actually a symbolic link to another directory: the 4.4/config directory is identical to 4.2/config.
Ok, let's go look there! Head into the 4.2/ directory, then config/. Woh! Another arrow! This time the bootstrap.php file is a symlink - pointing to, wow! A totally different recipe - a bootstrap.php file in framework-bundle.
The bootstrap.php file is the most complex file in the recipe system and it's shared across several recipes. Yep, I'm showing you the ugliest case.
Let's go find that: symfony/framework-bundle/4.2/config/bootstrap.php. Here is the file. To find the change, use the blame feature. Ok, the block of code we're looking at - lines 9 through 12 - have two different commits. Let's look at just one of them:

  Allow correct environment to be loaded when .env.local.php exists

And we can even click to see the pull request: #647 if you want really dive into the details. In this case, the change fixes a bug if you use the .env.php.local file.

But, really, config/bootstrap.php is a low-level file that should almost always be identical in every project. So unless you're doing something super advanced, you will probably want to accept all of these changes.
This big removal of code? That was because in an earlier version of this recipe, your project may or may not have had this loadEnv() method on DotEnv: it was added in Symfony 4.2. If your app did not have that method, it added a bunch of code to "imitate" its behavior. We don't need that anymore. Thank you recipe update!
The last change is for the symfony.lock file. We don't even need to look at this: always accept these changes. This marks the recipe as updated and sometimes saves extra debugging info that might be useful later.
That may have seemed like a small step. But other than trying to figure out the reasons a file changed, this was a home run! We were able to update two low-level files, which will help make sure our app continues to work like we expect.
Go ahead and commit these changes. Then let's keep going. Next, we'll update the biggest and most important recipe: the one for symfony/framework-bundle.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[960eb65149...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/960eb651492a07548978df0fea474a9a4f8e1dfb)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 15:38:13 by Marko Grdini

"1:30pm. Breakfast done. Next come chores.

2:35pm. Done with chores and the rest. It is time to resume.

Now where was I?

3:20pm. https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/functions.html

`this` is giving me trouble. Let me just go through. I think that parts of the course I read yesterday were pasta'd vertbatim from this documentation.

3:25pm.

```
Even better, TypeScript will warn you when you make this mistake if you pass the --noImplicitThis flag to the compiler. It will point out that this in this.suits[pickedSuit] is of type any.
```

This sounds like the kind of flag I should be passing to the compiler.

...The arrow functions as well rather than `function`s.

3:40pm. https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/enums.html

I am making progress somehow, but this sure is boring.

4pm. My focus is dirt low.

https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/type-compatibility.html

Seriously, why am I even reading this shit?

I think I sort of covered this. I can pick it up as I go along.

4:05pm. https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/advanced-types.html

Yeah, I am at my limit here. I just do not care about this that much. Let me start skimming and I will take a break.

4:30pm. Ok, I've skimmed everything. The only thing regarding the configuration of TS is that config file.

No doubt there is a plugin somewhere that will run the thing on command, but that does not matter.

4:35pm. Let me take a break here, and I will think of what comes next. I do not really feel like doing anything else right now as the tedium of this really hit me.

Let me commit here. I'll take a break for a bit and then take a look at that VS Code plugin tutorial again. I should endeavor to at least do a little."

---
## [petre-symfony/symfony5](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony5)@[beffa6f566...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/symfony5/commit/beffa6f566d23c39ab2c435dedf865f00cce7dd6)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 15:57:55 by petrero

7.2.&& 8.1.Upgrading the FrameworkBundle Recipe {Upgrading the symfony/framework-bundle Recipe; Changes to .env; Hunting Down the Reason for a Change; Updates to .gitignore; Updates to cache.yaml; Updates to framework.yaml; Updates to services.yaml; Updates to public/index.php; Updates to Kernel.php; Adding config/routes/dev/framework.yaml}

Upgrading the symfony/framework-bundle Recipe
Let's check our progress:

composer recipes
Another one done! Take a deep breath and move onto the biggest, most important recipe: symfony/framework-bundle. Run:

composer recipes symfony/framework-bundle
Hmm, yea, we're upgrading from version 3.3 of the recipe to 4.4: that might be a fairly big upgrade. Copy the recipes:install command and run it:

composer recipes:install symfony/framework-bundle --force -v
Apparently this modified several files. You know the drill: let's start walking through the changes by running:

get add -p

Changes to .env
The first change is inside .env - it updated APP_SECRET. This recipe has a special power: each time you install it, it generates a new unique value for APP_SECRET, which is used to generate some cryptographic stuff in your app. We don't really need or want to change this value.

Hunting Down the Reason for a Change
What about the change right below it - for TRUSTED_PROXIES? We're not using that value anyways - you can see that both the old and new code are commented out.
But, as a challenge, let's see if we can find what this change is all about. Go back to the homepage of the symfony/recipes repository and then navigate to symfony/framework-bundle/. We're installing the 4.4 recipe, so start there.
Most of the time, a recipe simply copies files into your project. And so we're usually comparing the contents of a file between two recipes.
But there are a couple of other things a recipe can do, like modify your .env or .gitignore files. In those cases, you won't see a .env or .gitignore file in the recipe: those changes are described in this manifest.json file.
Ah! A symlink - this points to the 4.2 version. I'll take a shortcut and change the URL to jump to that file.
manifest.json is the config file that describes everything the recipe does. The env key says:

  Hey! I want you to update the .env file to add APP_ENV, APP_SECRET and these two TRUSTED comment lines.

Let's "blame" this file. The TRUSTED_PROXIES line was modified about three months ago. Click that commit... and jump to the pull request - 654 - to get the full details.
Ok: "Trusted proxies on private and local IPs". This links to another issue on the main Symfony repository where someone proposes that private IP address ranges should be trusted by default.
If you're not familiar with TRUSTED_PROXIES, then you probably don't care much about this and... you might as well just accept the update. If you do care, you'll understand that this PR marks private IP ranges as "trusted", which may or may not be useful for you. The point is: we figured out the reason for this change and - if we use this feature - we can accept or reject these changes intelligently.
Because we don't want the APP_SECRET change... and I don't really care about the updated comment line, I'll say "n" to skip both changes.
The next file that's modified is .gitignore. Let's talk about this next as well as changes to framework.yaml and super important updates to the Kernel class.
We're right in the middle of upgrading the FrameworkBundle recipe.

Updates to .gitignore
It apparently added a new line to our .gitignore file: some config/secrets/prod/prod.decrypt.private.php file.
We don't have that file yet. What is it? Oh, I can't wait to talk about it! It's part of Symfony's new secrets management system. OooOOooo. For now, say yes: we will want to ignore this file later when we create it.

Updates to cache.yaml
The next change is inside cache.yaml. It... yea... just updated some comments. We don't need that, but it's nice: type "y" to add them. Oh, and the next change is also from cache.yaml - further down. It looks like they changed the example config... but we've already customized this. So, we do not want this. Enter "n" to not add it.

Updates to framework.yaml
Next up is framework.yaml. Interesting, two changes here: it removed the default_locale and added two new cookie settings. I won't make you dig through the commit history to find the explanation behind these. default_locale was removed from here because it is also defined in translation.yaml... and someone realized it was pointless and a bit confusing to have it in both places.
The cookie settings are a bit more interesting: they activate two security-related features. The first is cookie_secure. The auto setting means that if a visitor comes to your site via HTTPS, then it will create an HTTPS-only cookie. It's a no brainer and you should exclusively be using HTTPs on your production site anyway.
The cookie_samesite option activates a feature on your cookies called... well... "samesite". It's a relatively new security-related feature that's quickly been adopted by most browsers. We talk more about it inside our API Platform Security tutorial - but this setting shouldn't cause problems in most setups and is definitely more secure.
So let's say "y" for all of these changes.

Updates to services.yaml
Keep going! Now we're inside services.yaml! Hmm... it looks like it's just removing a bunch of stuff! That's because we've customized most of this file. If you look closely, there is one change: the recipe apparently removed the public: false line along with the comments describing it.
Why? Because since Symfony 4.0, public: false is the default value. We actually never needed this config! It was included originally... mostly for historical reasons.
So we do want this change... but... we can't say "yes" to this because it would kill all our code. Enter "q" to get out of the git add -p system. We'll need to make this change manually. First, undo all of the changes by running:

get checkout config/services.yaml
Move back and look at the file in our editor... the custom code is back! Now manually take out the public: false line and the comments below it:

 54 lines  config/services.yaml
services:
    # default configuration for services in *this* file
    _defaults:
        public: false       # Allows optimizing the container by removing unused services; this also means
                            # fetching services directly from the container via ->get() won't work.
                            # The best practice is to be explicit about your dependencies anyway.
Let's continue the process. Start again with:

git add -p
It's going to ask us about a few changes we've already said no to - say no again. And this time, for the services.yaml change, enter "y" to add it.

Updates to public/index.php
The next change is inside public/index.php. Hey! It's that namespace change from Debug to ErrorHandler. We know that's a good change. If we did skip this, we would see a deprecation warning telling us to make that change. So upgrading the recipes is... actually saving us time later!

Updates to Kernel.php
Finally, we get to the most important file of the recipe: src/Kernel.php. This is another file that you probably haven't added custom changes to. And so, it's probably save to accept all these updates. But let's look carefully and I'll highlight the reason behind a few changes. It looks like a lot, but it's all minor.
For example, PHP 7.1 allows you to have private constants. The recipe update uses that. No big deal. The getCacheDir() and getLogDir() methods aren't needed anymore because they're implemented by the parent class with the same logic. Removing them is a nice cleanup.
And registerBundles() now has an iterable return type.
I'll clear my screen then answer "y" to add these changes.
Next, it added a getProjectDir() method. This used to not be needed, because Symfony determined it automatically by searching for your composer.json file. But since they didn't work correctly in some edge-cases, it's added directly in our class now. Probably not a super important thing for us, but we'll accept this change.
Next, configureContainer() has a void return type and some parameters got tweaked. The autowiring.strict_mode parameter was removed because it was something that made Symfony 3 behave like Symfony 4 does by default. It's not needed anymore... and never was. Clean up!
Then, inline_factories is a performance thing - cool - and there's a slight tweak to how the config files are loaded to make life faster in the development environment: it no longer looks recursively for files inside the environment config directories - like config/packages/dev.
At the bottom, configureRoutes() has a void return type and a similar recursive tweak. Say "y" to add all of this.
And... we're done! This is symfony.lock: definitely accept these changes.

Adding config/routes/dev/framework.yaml
Let's check out how things look:

git status
Oh! The recipe added a new file: config/routes/dev/framework.yaml. Interesting. Let's go open that: config/routes/dev/framework.yaml:

4 lines  config/routes/dev/framework.yaml
_errors:
    resource: '@FrameworkBundle/Resources/config/routing/errors.xml'
    prefix: /_error
You may or may not know, but Symfony has a feature that allows you to test what your production error pages look like. Just go to /_error/404 to see the 404 page or /_error/500 to see the 500 error page... though... ha, that, uh, never happens on production.
This file loads an errors.xml file that adds this route in the dev environment only.
Previously, if you open the twig.yaml file in the same directory, this feature came from TwigBundle:

4 lines  config/routes/dev/twig.yaml
_errors:
    resource: '@TwigBundle/Resources/config/routing/errors.xml'
    prefix: /_error
Now it lives inside FrameworkBundle. That is why the framework-bundle recipe added the new file.
Hmm... but since we haven't updated the TwigBundle recipe yet, we temporarily have two routing files that are trying to add a route to the same /_error URL. We'll update the TwigBundle recipe next to fix this.

Right now, add this file:

git add config/routes/dev/framework.yaml
And run:

git status
Hmm... yep! These last changes are the ones we do not want. Revert them with:

get checkout .
We're ready to commit the biggest recipe upgrade we're going to have:

git commit -m "upgrading symfony/framework-bundle recipe"
Phew! Next, let's update the TwigBundle recipe then keep going onto the Mailer recipe and then the rest. Home stretch people!

---
## [Halamix2/japankitty_django](https://github.com/Halamix2/japankitty_django)@[0319a830e3...](https://github.com/Halamix2/japankitty_django/commit/0319a830e3acefb6518a13f67cd2987d33b45ce8)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 16:32:16 by Piotr Halama

added progress controllers

Holy shit, that was a battle.
GET was easy to do, but POST, especially serializer part was horrible from start to finish.
If you'll ask me to edit this I'll laugh in your face
And then maybe cry in corner editing this for hours

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[af0dafcc8c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/af0dafcc8cbf004e9d0ea18e32cc23a751494b38)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 17:04:47 by Marko Grdini

"5:05pm. Solo Leveling is out. Let me read that and then I will resume. I am starting to find my center again.

5:10pm. That was fun. Let me put in the last bit of work for the day.

I definitely do not feel like programming, but what I do feel is getting that example to run. Right here is where I should be making the first step. Here I need to do icebreaking more than anything else.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tk0Ak-dEjs

Let me go through that tutorial again.

5:30pm. Ok, I installed those generators and yarn. ESLint as well. I remember hearing about that tool in one of the talks years ago.

5:40pm. Let me stop here for the day. I just do not feel like going at it for any longer.

I have to follow a lot of instructions in that video, and I do not have the focus for this anymore.

5:45pm. I'll do it properly starting tomorrow. What I did now with installing those things is good enough as icebreaking.

In fact, from installing TS, to this now, everything is going super smoothly. Last time...remember when I tried the F# plugin how broken everything was? I was really afraid how things would go given how wild west the JS ecosystem is, but I should not have been so scared.

The way things are going now is not so bad. I spent 3 days on getting familiar with TS, and now I am going to start getting things off the ground.

5:55pm. I can do this.

Give me a week and I will figure out all the prerequisites to editor support. After that is done, I will be able to leave this aside to work on the typechecker. That is where the real fun will start."

---
## [clap-rs/clap](https://github.com/clap-rs/clap)@[12df8cb078...](https://github.com/clap-rs/clap/commit/12df8cb078235da2a706b4e32c0edcb83269492b)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 20:42:34 by bors[bot]

Merge #1681

1681: WIP: Extract subcommands into separate trait r=pksunkara a=CreepySkeleton

Not-yet-working-but-almost-there "multiple traits" approach. More or less done, what's left is to catch some bugs and adapt tests/examples.

For the record: it took so long because of RL stuff (who would have thought?) and because [there was a detailed description of the experience I've had here, but it was deleted because it contained a lot of profanity and emotional notes]. 

As the only person alive that understands how the derive works (if you won't blow your own horn, nobody will do it for you, yeah), I'd like to made a statement: we Do need the refactoring.

Co-authored-by: CreepySkeleton <creepy-skeleton@yandex.ru>

---
## [FusionCorps/2020-Green](https://github.com/FusionCorps/2020-Green)@[0ec54aebb7...](https://github.com/FusionCorps/2020-Green/commit/0ec54aebb7142c800c092649b8e86465bfd5c419)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 23:47:59 by Acoliver102

Shrek Script - Dialogue Transcript Voila! Finally, the Shrek script is here for all you quotes spouting fans of the movie starring Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, and Cameron Diaz.  This script is a transcript that was painstakingly transcribed using the screenplay and/or viewings of Shrek. I know, I know, I still need to get the cast names in there and I'll be eternally tweaking it, so if you have any corrections, feel free to drop me a line. You won't hurt my feelings. Honest. Swing on back to Drew's Script-O-Rama afterwards for more free movie scripts! Shrek Script   {Man} Once upon a time there was a lovely princess.  But she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort which could only   be broken by love's first kiss.  She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire-breathing   dragon.  Many brave knigts had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison,   but non prevailed.  She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest   tower for her true love and true love's first kiss.  {Laughing}   Like that's ever gonna happen.  {Paper Rusting, Toilet Flushes}  What a load of -     Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me  I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed  She was lookin' kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb  In the shape of an "L" on her forehead  The years start comin' and they don't stop comin'  Fed to the rules and hit the ground runnin'  Didn't make sense not to live for fun  Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb  So much to do so much to see  So what's wrong with takin' the backstreets  You'll never know if you don't go  You'll never shine if you don't glow  Hey, now You're an all-star  Get your game on, go play  Hey, now You're a rock star  Get the show on, get paid  And all that glitters is gold  Only shootin' stars break the mold  It's a cool place and they say it gets colder  You're bundled up now but wait till you get older  But the meteor men beg to differ  Judging by the hole in the satellite picture  The ice we skate is gettin' pretty thin  The water's getting warm so you might as well swim  My world's on fire  How 'bout yours  That's the way I like it and I'll never get bored  Hey, now, you're an all-star  {Shouting}  Get your game on, go play  Hey, now You're a rock star  Get the show on, get paid  And all that glitters is gold  Only shootin' stars break the mold  {Belches}  Go!  Go!  {Record Scratching}  Go. Go.Go.  Hey, now, you're an all-star  Get your game on, go play  Hey, now You're a rock star  Get the show on, get paid  And all that glitters is gold  Only shootin' stars break the mold    -Think it's in there?  -All right. Let's get it!  -Whoa. Hold on. Do you know what that thing can do to you?  -Yeah, it'll grind your bones for it's bread.  {Laughs}  -Yes, well, actually, that would be a gaint.  Now, ogres - - They're much worse.  They'll make a suit from your freshly peeled skin.  -No!  -They'll shave your liver. Squeeze the jelly from your eyes!  Actually, it's quite good on toast.  -Back! Back, beast! Back! I warn ya!  {Gasping}  -Right.  {Roaring}  {Shouting}  {Roaring}  {Whispers} This is the part where you run away.  {Gasping}  {Laughs}  {Laughing} And stay out!  "Wanted. Fairy tale creatures."  {Sighs}  {Man's voice} All right. This one's full.  -Take it away!  {Gasps}  -Move it along. Come on! Get up!  -Next!  -Give me that! Your fiying days are over.  That's 20 pieces of silver for the witch. Next!  -Get up! Come on!  -Twenty pieces.  {Thudding}  -Sit down there!  -Keep quiet!  {Crying}  -This cage is too small.  -Please, don't turn me in. I'll never be stubborn again.  I can change. Please! Give me another chance!  -Oh, shut up.  -Oh!  -Next!  -What have you got?  -This little wooden puppet.  -I'm not a puppet. I'm a real boy.  -Five shillings for the possessed toy. Take it away.  -Father, please! Don't let them do this!  -Help me!  -Next! What have you got?  -Well, I've got a talking donkey.  {Grunts}  -Right. Well, that's good for ten shillings, if you can prove it.  -Oh, go ahead, little fella.  -Well?  -Oh, oh, he's just - - He's just a little nervous.  He's really quite a chatterbox. Talk, you boneheaded dolt - -  -That's it. I've heard enough. Guards!  -No, no, he talks! He does. I can talk. I love to talk.  I'm the talkingest damn thing you ever saw.  -Get her out of my sight.  -No, no! I swear! Oh! He can talk!  {Gasps}  -Hey! I can fly!  -He can fly!  -He can fly!  -He can talk!  -Ha, ha! That's right, fool! Now I'm a flying, talking donkey.  You might have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly  but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly. Ha, ha!  Oh-oh.  {Grunts}  -Seize him!  -After him! He's getting away!  {Grunts, Gasps}  {Man}  -Get him! This way! Turn!  -You there. Orge!  -Aye?  -By the order of Lord Farquaad I am authorized to place you both under   arrest  and transport you to a designated..... resettlement facility.  -Oh, really? You and what army?  {Gasps, Whimpering}  {Chuckles}  -Can I say something to you?  -Listen, you was really, really, really somethin' back here.   Incredible!  Are you talkin' to - - me? Whoa!  -Yes. I was talkin' to you. Can I tell you that you that you was great   back here? Those guards!  They thought they was all of that. Then you showed up, and bam! They   was trippin' over themselves like babes in the woods. That really made   me feel good to see that.  -Oh, that's great. Really.  -Man, it's good to be free.  -Now, why don't you go celebrate your freedom with your own friends?   Hmm?  -But, uh, I don't have any friends. And I'm not goin' out there by   myself. Hey, wait a minute! I got a great idea! I'll stick with you.   You're mean, green, fightin' machine. Together we'll scare the spit   out of anybody that crosses us.  {Roaring}  -Oh, wow! That was really scary. If you don't mind me sayin', if that   don't work, your breath certainly will get the job done, 'cause you   definitely need some Tic Tacs or something, 'cause you breath stinks!  You almost burned the hair outta my nose, just like the time - -   {Mumbling}  Than I ate some rotten berries. I had strong gases eking out of my   butt that day.  -Why are you following me?  -I'll tell you why.     'Cause I'm all alone  There's no one here beside me  My promlems have all gone  There's no one to deride me  But you gotta heve friends - -     -Stop singing! It's no wonder you don't have any friends.  -Wow. Only a true friend would be that cruelly honest.  -Listen, little donkey. Take a look at me. What am I?  -Uh - - Really tall?  -No! I'm an orge! You know. "Grab your torch and pitchforks." Doesn't   that bother you?  -Nope.  -Really?  -Really, really.  -Oh.  -Man, I like you. What's you name?  -Uh, Shrek.  -Shrek? Well, you know what I like about you, Shrek?  You got that kind of I-don't-care-what-nobody-thinks-of-me thing.  I like that. I respect that, Shrek. You all right. Whoo! Look at that.   Who'd want to live in place like that?  -That would be my home.  -Oh! And it is lovely! Just beautiful. You know you are quite a   decorator. It's amazing what you've done with such a modest budget. I   like that boulder. That is a nice boulder.  -I guess you don't entertain much, do you?  -I like my privacy.  -You know, I do too. That's another thing we have in common. Like I   hate it when you got somebody in your face. You've trying to give them   a hint, and they won't leave. There's that awkward silence.  -Can I stay with you?  -Uh, what?  -Can I stay with you, please?  -Of course!  -Really?  -No.  -Please! I don't wanna go back there! You don't know what it's like to   be considered a freak. Well, maybe you do. But that's why we gotta   stick together. You gotta let me stay! Please! Please!  -Okay! Okay! But one night only.  -Ah! Thank you!  -What are you - - No! No!  -This is gonna be fun! We can stay up late, swappin' manly stories,   and in the mornin' I'm makin' waffles.  -Oh!  -Where do, uh, I sleep?  -Outside!  -Oh, well. I guess that's cool. I mean, I don't know you, and you   don't know me, so I guess outside is best, you know.  {Sniffles}  -Here I go.  -Good night.  {Sighs}  -I mean, I do like the outdoors. I'm a donkey. I was born outside.   I'll just be sitting by myself outside, I guess, you know. By myself,   outside.    I'm all alone  There's no one here beside me  {Bubbling}  {Sighs}  {Creaking}  {Sighs}  -I thought I told you to stay outside.  -I'm outside.  {Clattering}  -Well, gents, it's a far cry from the farm, but what choice do we   have?   -It's not home, but it'll do just fune.  -What a lovely bed.  -Got ya.  {Sniffs} I found some cheese.  -Ow! {Grunts}  -Blah! Awful stuff.  -Is that you, Gorder?  -How did you know?  -Enough! What are you doing in my house?  {Grunts}  -Hey!  {Snickers}  -Oh, no, no, no. Dead broad off the table.  -Where are we supposed to put her? The bed's taken.  -Huh?  {Gusps}  {Male voice} What?  -I live in a swamp. I put up signs. I'm a terrifying orge! What do I   have to do get a little privacy?  -Aah!  -Oh, no. No! No!  {Cackling}  -What?  -Quit it.  -Don't push.  {Squeaking}  {Lows}  - What are you doing in my swamp?  {Echoing}  Swamp! Swamp! Swamp!  {Gasping}  -Oh, dear!  -Whoa!  -All right, get out of here. All of you, move it! Come on! Let's go!   Hapaya! Hapaya! Hey!  -Quickly. Come on!  -No, no! No, no. Not there. Not there.  -Oh!  {Sighs}  -Hey, don't look at me. I didn't invite them.  -Oh, gosh, no one invited us.  -What?  -We were forced to come here.  -By who?  -Lord Farquaad.  -He huffed und he puffed und he...... signed an eviction notice.  {Sighs}  -All right. Who knows where this Farquaad guy is?  {Murmuring}  -Oh, I do. I know where he is.  -Does anyone else know where to find him? Anyone at all?  -Me! Me!  -Anyone?  -Oh! Oh, pick me! Oh, I know! I know! Me, me!  {Sighs}  -Okay, fine. Attention, all fairy tale things. Do not get comfortable.   Your welcome is officially worn out. In fact, I'm gonna see this guy   Farquaad right now and get you all off my land and back where you came   from!  {Cheering}  {Twittering}  -Oh! You! You're comin' with me.  - All right, that's what I like to hear, man. Shrek and Donkey, two   stalwart friends, off on a whirlwind big-city adventure. I love it!  -On the road again. Sing it with me, Shrek.  -Hey. Oh, oh!  -I can't wait to get on the road again.  -What did I say about singing?  -Can I whistle?  -No.  -Can I hum it?  -All right, hum it.  {Humming}    {Grunts}  {Whimpering}  -That's enough. He's ready to talk.  {Coughing}  {Laughing}  {Clears throat}  -Run, run, run, as fust as you can. You can't catch me. I'm the   gingerbread man!  -You are a monster.  -I'm not the monster here. You are. You and the rest of that fairy   tale trash, poisoning my perfect world. Now, tell me! Where are the   others?  -Eat me!{Grunts}  -I've tried to be fair to you creatures. Now my patience has reached   its end! Tell me or I'll - -  -No, no, not the buttons. Not my gumdrop buttons.  -All right then. Who's hiding them?  -Okay, I'll tell you. Do you know the muffin man?  -The muffin man?  -The muffin man.  -Yes, I know the muffin man, who lives on Drury Lane?  -Well, she's married to the muffin man.  -The muffin man?  -The muffin man!  -She's married to the muffin man.  {Door opens}  -My lord! We found it.  -Then what are you waiting for? Bring it in.  {Man grunting}  {Gasping}  -Oh!  -Magic mirror - -   -Don't tell him anything!  -No!  {Ginerbread man whispers}  -Evening. Mirror, mirror on the wall. Is this not the most perfect   kingdom of them all?  -Well, technically you're not a king.  -Uh, Thelonius.  -You were saying?  -What I mean is, you're not a king yet. But you can become one.  All   you have to do is marry a princess.  -Go on.  {Chuckles}  -So, just sit back and relax, my lord, because it's time for you to   meet today's eligible bachelorettes. And here they are! Bachelorette   number one is a mentally abused shut-in from a kingdom far, far away.   She likes sushi and hot tubbing anytime. Her hobbies include cooking   and cleaning for her two evil sisters. Please welcome Cinderella.  -Bachelorette number two is a cape-wearing girl from the land of   fancy. Although she lives with seven other men, she's not easy. Just   kiss her dead, frozen lips and find out what a live wire she is. Come   on. Give it up for Snow White!  -And last, but certainly not last, bachelorette number three is a   fiery redhead from a dragon-guarded castle surrounded by hot boiling   lava! But don't let that cool you off. She's a loaded pistol who likes   pina colads and getting caught in the rain. Yours for the rescuing,   Princess Fiona!  -So will it be bachelorette number one, bachelorette number two or   bachelorette number three?  -Two! Two!  -Three! Three!  -Two! Two!  -Three!   -Three? One?  {Shudders} Three?  --Three! Pick number three, my lord!  -Okay, okay, uh, number three!  -Lord Farquaad, you've chosen Princess Fiona.    If you like pina coladas  And getting caught in the rain    -Princess Fiona.    If you're not into yoga    -She's perfect. All I have to do is just find someone who can go - -   -But I probably should mention the little thing that happens at night.  -I'll do it.  -Yes, but after sunset - -  -Silence! I will make this Princess Fiona my queen, and DuLoc will   finally have the perfect king!  Captain, assemble your finest men. We're going to have a tournament.    -But that's it. That's it right there. That's DuLoc. I told ya I'd   find it.  -So, that must be Lord Farquaad's castle.  -Uh-huh. That's the place.  -Do you think maybe he's compensating for something?  {Laughs}  {Groans}  -Hey, wait. Wait up, Shrek.  -Hurry, darling. We're late. Hurry.  -Hey, you!  {Screams}  -Wait a second. Look, I'm not gonna eat you. I just - - I just - -  {Whimpering}  {Sighs}  {Whimpering, Groans}  {Turnstile clatters}  {Chuckles}  {Sighs}  -It's quiet. Too quiet.  {Creaking}  -Where is everybody?  -Hey, look at this!  {Clattering, whirring, clicking}  Welcome to DuLoc such a perfect town  Here we have some rules  Let us lay them down  Don't make waves, stay in line  And we'll get along fine  DuLoc is perfect place  Please keep off of the grass  Shine your shoes, wipe your... face  DuLoc is, DuLoc is  DuLoc is perfect ...... place  {Camera shutter clicks  {Whirring}  -Wow! Let's do that again!  -No. No. No, no, no! No.  {Trumpet fanfare}  {Crowd cheering}  -Brave knights.  -You are the best and brightest in all the land.  -Today one of you shall prove himself - -  -All right. You're going the right way for a smacked bottom.  -Sorry about that.  {Cheering}  -That champion shall have the honor - - no, no - - the privilege to go   forth and rescue the lovely Princess Fiona from the fiery keep of the   dragon. If for any reason the winner is unsuccessful, the first   runner-up will take his place and so on and so forth. Some of you mae   die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make.  {Cheering}  -Let the tournament begin!  {Gasps}  -Oh!  -What is that?  {Gasping}  -It's hideous!  -Ah, that's not very nice. It's just a donkey.  -Indeed. Knights, new plan! The one who kills the orge will be named   champion! Have it him!  -Get him!  -Oh, hey! Now come on! Hang on now.  -Go ahead! Get him!  -Can't we just settle this over a pint?  -Kill the beast!  -No? All right then. Come on!    I don't give a damn about my reputation  You're living in the past   It's a new generation    -Damn!  {Whinnying}    A girl can do what she wants to do  And that's what I'm gonna do  And I don't give a damn about my bad reputation  Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Not me  Me, me, me    -Hey, Shrek, tag me! Tag me!    And I don't give a damn about my bad reputation  Never said I wanted to improve my station    -Ah!  {Laughs}    And I'm always feelin' good when I'm having fun    -Yeah!    And I don't have to please no one    -The chair! Give him the chair!    And I don't give a damn about my bad reputation  Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Not me  Me, me, me  Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Not me, not me  {Bell dings}  {Cheering}  {Laughs}  -Oh, yeah! Ah! Ah! Thank you! Thank you very much! I'm here till   Thursday. Try the veal! Ha, ha!  {Shrek laughs}  {Crowd gasping, murmuring}  -Shall I give the order, sir?  -No, I have a better idea. People of DuLoc, I give you our champion!  -What?  -Congratulations, orge. You're won the honor of embarking on a great   and noble quest.  -Quest? I'm already in a quest, a quest to get my swamp back.  -Your swamp?  -Yeah, my swamp! Where you dumped those tale creatures!  {Crowd murmuring}  -Indeed. All right, orge. I'll make you a deal. Go on this quest for   me, and I'll give you your swamp back.  -Exactly the way it was?  -Down to the last slime-covered toadstool.  -And the squatters?  -As good as gone.  -What kind of quest?  -Let me get this straight. You're gonna go fight a dragon and rescue a   princess just so Farquaad will give you back a swamp which you only   don't have because he filled it full of freaks in the first place.  -Is that about right?  -Maybe there's a good reason donkeys shouldn't talk.  -I don't get it. Why don't you just pull some of that orge stuff on   him? Throttle him, lay siege to his fortress, grinds his bones to make   your bread, the whole orge trip.  -Oh, I know what. Maybe I could have decapitated an entire village and   put their heads on a pike, gotten a knife, cut open their spleen and   drink their fluids. Does that sound good to you?  -Uh, no, not really, no.  -For your information, there's a lot more to orges than people think.  -Example?  -Example? Okay, um, orges are like onions.  -{Sniffs} They stink?  -Yes - - No!  -They make you cry?  -No!  -You leave them in the sun, they get all brown, start sproutin' little   white hairs.  -No! Layers! Onions have layers. Orges have layers! Onions have   layers. You get it? We both have layers.   {Sighs}  -Oh, you both have layers. Oh. {Sniffs} You know, not everybody likes   onions. Cake! Everybody loves cakes! Cakes have layers.  -I don't care... what everyone likes. Orges are not like cakes.  -You know what else everybody likes? Parfaits. Have you ever met a   person, you say, "Let's get some parfait," they say, "No, I don't like   no parfait"? Parfaits are delicious.  -No! You dense, irritating, miniature beast of burden! Orges are like   onions! And of story. Bye-bye. See ya later.  -Parfaits may be the most delicious thing on the whole damn planet.  -You know, I think I preferred your humming. Do you have a tissure or   something? I'm making a mess. Just the word parfait make me start   slobbering.    I'm on my way from misery to happiness today  Uh-huh,uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh  I'm on my way from misery to happiness today  Uh-huh,uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh  And everything that you receive up yonder  Is what you give to me the day I wander  I'm on my way   I'm on my way   I'm on my way     -Ohh! Shrek! Did you do that?  -You gotta warn somebody before you just crack one off. My mouth was   open. Believe me, Donkey, if it was me, you'd be dead. {Sniffs} It's   brimstone We must be getting close.  -Yeah, right, brimstone. Don't be talking about it's the brimstone. I   know what I smell. It wasn't no brimstone. It didn't come off no stone   neither.  {Rumbling}  -Sure, it's big enough, but look at the location.  {Laughing}  -Uh, Shrek? Uh, remember when you said orges have layers?  -Oh, aye.  -Well, I have a bit of a confession to make. Donkeys don't have   layers. We wear our fear right out there on our sleeves.  -Wait a second.  Donkeys don't have sleeves.  -You know what I mean.  -You can't tell me you're afraid of heights.  -I'm just a little uncomfortable about being on a rickety bridge over   a boiling like of lava!  -Come on, Donkey. I'm right here beside ya, okay? For emotional   support., we'll just tackle this thing together one little baby step   at a time.  -Really?  -Really, really.  -Okay, that makes me feel so much better.  -Just keep moving. And don't look  down.  -Okay, don't look  down. Don't look  down. Don't look  down. Keep on   moving. Don't look  down.  {Gasps}  -Shrek! I'm lookin' down! Oh, God, I can't do this! Just let me off,   please!   -But you're already halfway.  -But I know that half is safe!  -Okay, fine. I don't have time for this. You go back.  -Shrek, no! Wait!  -Just, Donkey - - Let's have a dance then, shall me?  -Don't do that!  -Oh, I'm sorry. Do what?  -Oh, this?  -Yes, that!  -Yes? Yes, do it. Okay.  {Screams}  -No, Shrek! No! Stop it!  -You said do it! I'm doin' it.  -I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die. Shrek, I'm gonna die. Oh!  -That'll do, Donkey. That'll do.  -Cool.  -So where is this fire-breathing pain-in-the-neck anyway?  -Inside, waiting for us to rescue her.  {Chuckles}  -I was talkin' about the dragon, Shrek.  {Water dripping, wind howling}  -You afraid?  -No.  -But - -  - Shh.  -Oh, good. Me neither.  {Gasps}  -'Cause there's nothin' wrong with bein' afraid. Fear's a sensible   response to an unfamiliar situation. Unfamiliar dangerous situation, I   might add. With a dragon that breathes fire and eats knights and   breathes fire, it sure doesn't mean you're a coward if you're a little   scared. I sure as heck ain't no coward. I know that.  {Gasps}  -Donkey, two things, okay? Shut ... up. Now go over there and see if   you can find any stairs.  -Stairs? I thought we was lookin' for the princess.  -The princess will be up the stairs in the highest room in the tallest   tower.  -What makes you think she'll be there?  -I read it in a book once.  -Cool. You handle the dragon. I'll handle the stairs. I'll find those   stairs. I'll whip their butt too. Those stairs won't know which way   they're goin'.  {Creacing}  -I'm gonna take drastic steps. Kick it to the curb. Don't mess with   me. I'm the stair master. I've mastered the stairs. I wish I had a   step right here. I'd step all over it.  -Well, at least we know where the princess is, but where's the - -   -Dragon!  {Screams}  {Gasps}  {Roars}  -Donkey, look out!  {Screams}  {Whimpering}  -Got ya!  {Roars}  {Gasps}  {Shouts}  -Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!  {Screaming}  {Gasps}  -Oh! Aah! Aah!  {Gasping}  {Crowls}  -No. Oh, no, No!  {Screams}  -Oh, what large teeth you have.  {Crowls}  -I mean white, sparkling teeth. I know you probably hear this all time   from your food, but you must bleach, 'cause that is one dazzling smile   you got  there. Do I detect a hint of minty freshness? And you know   what else? You're - - You're a girl dragon! Oh, sure! I mean, of   course you're a girl dragon. You're just reeking of feminine beauty.   What's the matter with you? You got something in your eye? Ohh. Oh.   Oh. Man, I'd really love to stay, but you know, I'm, uh - -   (Coughs)  -I'm an asthmatic, and I don't know if it'd work out if you're gonna   blow smoke rings. Shrek!  {Gasps}  {Whimpering}  -No! Shrek! Shrek! Shrek!  {Groans, Sighs}  {Vocalizing}  -Oh! Oh!  -Wake up!  -What?  -Are you Princess Fiona?  -I am, awaiting a knight so bold as to rescue me.  -Oh, that's nice. Now let's go!  -But wait, Sir Knight. This be-ith our first meeting. Should it not be   a wonderful, romantic moment?  -Yeah, sorry, lady. There's no time.  -Hey, wait. What are you doing? You should sweep me off my feet out   yonder window and down a rope onto your valiant steed.  -You've had a lot of time to plan this, haven't you?  -Mm-hmm.  {Screams, grunts}  -But we have to savor this moment! You could recite an epic poem for   me. A ballad? A sonnet! A limerick? Or something!  -I don't think so.  -Can I at least know the name of my champion?  -Um, Shrek.  -Sir Shrek.  {Cleans throat}  -I pray that you take this favor as a token of my gratitude.  -Thanks!  {Roaring}  -You didn't slay the dragon?  -It's on my to-do list. Now come on!  {Screams}  -But this isn't right! You were meant to charge in, sword drawn,   banner flying. That's what all the other knights did.  -Yeah, right before they burst into flame.  -That's not the point. Oh!  -Wait. Where are you going? The next's over there.  -Well, I have to save my ass.  -What kind of knight are you?  -One of a kind.  -Slow down. Slow down, baby, please. I believe it's healthy to get to   know someone over a long perriod of time. Just call me old-fashioned.   {Laughs}  -I don't want to rush into a physical relationship. I'm not   emotionally ready for a commitment of, uh, this - -  Magnitude really   is the word I'm looking for. Magnitude- - Hey, that is unwanted   physical contact. Hey, what are you doing? Okay, okay. Let's just back   up a little and take this one step at a time. We really should get to   know each other first as friends or pen pals. I'm on the road a lot,   but I just love receiving cards - -  I'd really love to stay, but - -   Don't do that! That's my tail! That's my personal tail. You're gonna   tear it off. I don't give permission - - What are you gonna do with   that? Hey, now. No way. No! No! No, no! No. No, no, no. No! Oh!  {Growls}  {Roaring}  {Gasps}  -Hi, Princess!  -It talks!  -Yeah, it's getting him to shut up that's the trick.  {Screams}  {Screaming}  -Oh!  {Thuds}  {Groans}  {Roars}  {Roaring}  -Okay, you two, heard for the exit! I'll take care of the dragon.  {Fchoing}  -Run!  {Gasping}  {Screaming}  {Roaring}  {Screams}  {Roars}  {Panting, sighs}  {Whimpers}  {Roars}  -You did it!  -You rescued me! You're amazing. You're - - You're wonderful.   You're... a little unorthodox I'll admit. But they deed is great, and   thine heart is pure. I am eternally in your debt.   {Clears throat}  -And where would a brave knight be without his noble steed?  -I hope you heard that. She called me a noble steed. She think I'm a   steed.  -The battle is won. You may remove your helmet, good Sir Knight.  -Uh, no.  -Why not?  -I have helmet hair.  -Please. I would'st look upon the face of my rescuer.  -No, no, you wouldn't - - 'st.  -But how will you kiss me?  -What? That wasn't in the job description.  -Maybe it's a perk.  -No, it's destiny. Oh, you must know how it goes. A princess locked in   a tower and beset by a dragon is rescued by a brave knight, and then   they share true love's first kiss.  -Hmm? With Shrek? You think- - Wait. Wait. You think that Shrek is you   true love?  -Well, yes.  {Laughing}  -You think Shrek is your true love!  -What is so funny?  -Let's just say I'm not your tipe, okay?  -Of course, you are. You're my rescuer. Now - - Now remove your   helmet.  -Look. I really don't think this is a good idea.  -Just take off the helmet.  -I'm not going to.  -Take ot off.  -No!  -Now!  -Okay! Easy. As you command. Your Highness.  -You- - You're a- - an orge.  -Oh, you were expecting Prince Charming.  -Well, yes, actually. Oh, no. This is all wrong. You're not supposed   to be an orge.  {Sighs}  -Princess, I was sent to rescue you by Lord Farquaad, okay? He is the   one who wants to marry you.  -Then why didn't he come rescue me?  -Good question. You should ask him that when we get there.  -But I have to be rescued by my true love, not by some prge and his- -   his pet.  -So much for noble steed.  -You're not making my job any easier.  -I'm sorry, but your job is not my problem. You can tell Lord Farquaad   that if he wants to rescue me properly, I'll be waiting for him right   here.  -Hey! I'm no one's messenger boy, all right? I'm a delivery boy.  -You wouldn't dare. Put me down!  -Ya comin', Donkey?  -I'm right behind ya.  -Put me down, or you will suffer the consequences! This is not   dignified! Put me down!  -Okay, so here's another question. Say there's a woman that digs you,   right, but you don't really like her that way. How do you let her down   real easy so her feelings aren't hurt, but you don't get burned to a   crisp and eaten?  -You just tell her she's not your true love. Everyone knowest what   happens when you find your - -  Hey!  {Sighs}  -The sooner we get to DuLoc the better.  -You're gonna love it there, Princess. It's beautiful!  -And what of my groom-to-be? Lord Farquaad? What's he like?  -Let me put it this way, Princess. Men of Farquaad's stature are in   short supply.  {Laughs}  -I don't know. There are those who think little of him.  -Stop it. Stop it, both of you. You're just jealous you can never   measure up to a great ruler like Lord Farquaad.  -Yeah, well, maybe you're right, Princess. But I'll let you do the   "measuring" when you see him tomorrow.  -Tomorrow? It'll take that long? Shouldn't we stop to make camp?  -No, that'll take longer. We can keep going.  -But there's robbers in the woods.  -Whoa! Time out, Shrek! Camping's starting to sound good.  -Hey, come on. I'm scarier than anything we're going to see in this   forest.  -I need to find somewhere to camp now!  {Birds wings fluttering}  {Grunting}  -Hey! Over here.  -Shrek, we can do better than that. I don't think this is fit for a   princess.  -No, no, it's perfect. It just needs a few homey touches.  -Homey touches? Like what?  {Crashing}  -A door? Well, gentlemen, I bid thee good night.  -You want me to read you a bedtime story? I will.  -I said good night!  -Shrek, What are you doing?  {Laughs}  -I just- - You know - - Oh, come on. I was just kidding.  {Fire cracking}  -And, uh, that one, that's Throwback, the only orge to ever spit over   three wheat fields. Right. Yeah.  -Hey, can you tell my future from these stars?  -The stars don't tell the future, Donkey. They tell stories. Look,   there's Bloodnut, the Flatulent. You can guess what he's famous for.  -I know you're making this up.  -No, look. There he is,  and there's the group of hunters running away   from his stench.  -That ain't nothin' but a bunch of little dots.  -You know, Donkey, sometimes things are more than they appear. Hmm?   Forget it.  {Sighs}  -Hey, Shrek, what we gonna do when we get our swamp anyway?  -Our swamp?  -You know, when we're through rescuing the princess.  -We? Donkey, there's no "we". There's no "our". There's just me and my   swamp. The first thing I'm gonna do is build a ten-foot wall arond my   land.  -You cut me deep, Shrek. You cut me real deep just now. You know what   I think? I think this whole wall thing is just a way to keep somebody   out.  -No, do ya think?  -Are you hidin' something?  -Never mind, Donkey.  -Oh, this is another one of those onion things, isn't it?  -No, this is one of those drop-it and leave-it alone things.  -Why don't you want to talk about it?  -Why do you want to talk about it?  -Why are you blocking?  -I'm not blocking.  -Oh, yes, you are.  -Donkey, I'm warning you.  -Who you trying to keep out?  -Everyone! Okay?  -Oh, now we're gettin' somewhere.  -Oh! For the love of Pete!  -What's your problem? What you got against the whole world anyway?  -Look, I'm not the one with the problem, okay? It's the world that   seems to have a problem with me. People take one look at me and go.   "Aah! Help! Run! A big, stupid, ugly orge!" They judge me before they   even know me. That's why I'm better off alone.  -You know what? When we met, I didn't think you was just a big,   stupid, ugly orge.  -Yeah, I know.  -So, uh, are there any donkeys up there?  -Well, there's, um, Gabby, the Small and Annoying.  -Okay, okay, I see it now. The big shiny one, right there. That one   there?  -That's the moon.  -Oh, okay.    {Orchestra}  {Dulcimer}  -Again, show me again. Mirror, mirror, show her to me. Show me the   princess.  -Hmph.  -Ah. Perfect.  {Inhales}    {Snoring}  {Vocalizing}  {Whistling}  {Sizzling}  {Sniffs, yawns}  -Mmm, yeah, you know I like it like that.  --Come on, baby. I said I like it.  -Donkey, wake up.  -Huh? What?  -Wake up.  -What?  -Good morning. Hm, how do you like your eggs?  -Good morning, Princess!  -What's all this about?  -You know, we kind of got off to a bad start yesterday. I wanted to   make it up to you. I mean, after all, you did rescue me.  -Uh, thanks.  {Sniffs}  -Well, eat up. We've got a big day ahead of us.  {Belches}  -Shrek!  -What? It's a compliment. Better out than in, I always say. {Laughs}  -Well, it's no way to behave in front of a princess.  {Belches}  -Thanks.  -She's as nasty as you are.  -{Laughs} You know, you're not exactly what I expected.  -Well, maybe you shouldn't judge people before you get to know them.  {Vocalizing}    -La liberte! Hey!  -Princess!  {Laughs}  -What are you doing?  -Be still, mon cherie, for I am you savior! And I am rescuing you from   this green - -  {Kissing sounds}  -beast.  -Hey!  -That's my princess! Go find you own!  -Please, monster! Can't you see I'm a little busy here?  -Look, pal, I don't know who you think you are!  -Oh! Of couse! Oh, how rude. Please let me introduse myself. Oh, Merry   Men.   {Laughs}    {Accordion}  Ta, dah, dah, dah, whoo.  I steal from the rich and give to the needy.  He takes a wee percentage,   But I'm not greedy. I rescue pretty damsels  Man, I'm good  What a guy, Monsieur Hood  Break it down  I like an honest fight  and a saucy little maid  What he's basically saying  is he likes to get - -   Paid  So  When an orge in the bush  grabs a lady by the tush  That's bad  That's bad  When a beauty's with a beast  it makes me awfully mad  He's mad  He's really, really mad  I'll take my blade and  ram it through your heart  Keep your eyes on me, boys  'cause I'm about to start    {Grunts, Groans}  {Karate Yell}  {Merry Men Gasping}  {Panting}  -Man, that was annoying!  -Oh, you little- -   {Karate Yell}  {Accordion}  {Shouting, groaning}  {Chuckles}  -Uh, shall we?  -Hold the phone.  {Grunts}  Oh! Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on now. Where did that come from?  -What?  -That! Back there. That was amazing! Where did you learn that?  -Well - - {Chuckles} When one lives alone, uh, one has to learn these   things in case there's a - - There's an arrow in your butt!  -What? Oh, would you look at that?  -Oh, no. This is all my fault. I'm so sorry.  -Why? What's wrong?  -Shrek's hurt.  -Shrek's hurt. Shrek's hurt? Oh, no, Shrek's gonna die.  -Donkey, I'm okay.  -You can't do this to me, Shrek. I'm too young for you to die. Keep   you legs elevated. Turn your head and cough. Does anyone know the   Heimlich?  -Donkey! Calm down. If you want to help Shrek, run into the woods and   find me a blue flower with red thorns.  -Blue flower, red thorns. Okay, I'm on it. Blue flower, red thorns.   Don't die Shrek. If you see a long tunnel, stay away from the light!  -{Both} Donkey!  -Oh, yeah. Right. Blue flower, red thorns.  -What are the flowers for?  -For getting rid of Donkey.  -Ah.  -Now you hold still, and I'll yank this thing out.  -Ow! Hey! Easy with the yankin'.  -I'm sorry, but it has to come out.  -No, it's tender.  -Now, hold on.  -What you're doing is the opposite of help.  -Don't move.  -Look, time out.  -Would you - -   {Grunts}  -Okay. What do you propose we do?  -Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red thorns. Blue flower, red   thorns. This would be so much easier if I wasn't color-blind! Blue   flower, red thorns.  -Ow!  -Hold on, Shrek! I'm comin'!  -Ow! Not good.  -Okay. Okay. I can nearly see the head.  {Grunts}  -It's just about - -   -Ow! Ohh!  -Ahem.  -Nothing happend. We were just, uh - -   -Look, if you wanted to be alone, all you had to do was ask. Okay?  -Oh, come on! That's the last thing on my mind. The princess here was   just- - Ugh!   -Ow!  -Hey, what's that?  {Nervous chickle}  -That's- - Is that blood?  {Sighs}  {Bird chirping}  {Grunts}    My beloved monster and me  We go everywhere together  Wearin' a raincoat  that has four sleeves  Gets us through all kinds of weather    -Aah!    She will always be the only thing  That comes between me and the awful sting  That comes from living in a world  that's so damn mean  {Croaks}  Oh, oh-oh-oh-oh  -Hey!  La-la, la-la, la-la-la-la  {Both laughing}  La-la, la-la, la-la    -There it is, Princess. Your future awaits you.  -That's DuLoc?  -Yeah, I know. You know, Shrek thinks Lord Farquaad's compensating for   something,  which I think means he has a really - - Ow!  -Um, I, uh- -  I guess we better move on.  -Sure. But, Shrek? I'm - - I'm worried about Donkey.  {Blubbering}  -What?  -I mean, look at him. He doesn't look so good.   -What are you talking about? I'm fine.  -That's what they always say, and then next thing you know, you're on   your back. Dead.  -You know, she's right. You look awful. Do you want to sit down?  -Uh, you know, I'll make you some tea.  -I didn't want to say nothin', but I got this twinge in my neck, and   when I turn my head like this, look,   {Bones crunch}  -Ow! See?  -Who's hungry? I'll find us some dinner.  -I'll get the firewood.  -Hey, where you goin'? Oh, man, I can't feel my toes! I don't have any   toes! I think I need a hug.    -Mmm. This is good. This is really good. What is this?  -Uh, weedrat. Rotisserie style.  -No kidding. Well, this is delicious.  -Well, they're also great in stews. Now, I don't mean to brag, but I   make a mean weedrat stew.  {Chuckling}  {Sighs}  -I guess I'll be dining a little differently tomorrow night.  {Gulps}  -Maybe you can come visit me in the swamp sometime. I'll cook all kind   of stuff for you. Swamp toad soup, fish eye tartare - - you name it.  {Chuckles}  -I'd like that.  {Slurps, laughs}    See the pyramids along the Nile    -Um, Princess?    Watch the sunrise from a tropic isle    -Yes, Shrek?  -I, um, I was wondering.    Just remember, darling all the while    -Are you- -     You belong to me    {Sighs}   -Are you gonna eat that?  {Chuckles}  -Man, isn't this romantic? Just look at that sunset.  -Sunset?  -Oh, no! I mean, it's late. I-It's very late.  -What?  -Wait a minute. I see what's goin' on here. You're afraid of the dark,   aren't you?  -Yes! Yes, that's it. I'm terrified. You know, I'd better go inside.  -Don't feel bad, Princess. I used to be afraid of the dark, too, until   - - Hey, no, wait. I'm still afraid of the dark.  {Shrek sighs}   -Good night.   -Good night.  {Door creaks}  -Ohh! Now I really see what's goin' on here.  -Oh, what are you talkin' about?  -I don't even wanna hear it. Look, I'm an animal, and I got instincts.   And I know you two were diggin' on each other. I could feel it.  -You're crazy. I'm just bringing her back to Farquaad.  -Oh, come on, Shrek. Wake up and smell the pheromones. Just go on in   and tell her how you feel.  -I- - There's nothing to tell. Besides, even if I did tell her that,   well, you know - - and I'm not sayin' I do 'cause I don't - - she's a   princess, and I'm - -   -An orge?  -Yeah. An orge.  -Hey, where you goin'?  -To get... move firewood.  {Sighs}     -Princess? Princess Fiona? Princess, where are you?  {Wings fluttering}  -Princess?  {Creaking}  {Gasps}  -It's very spooky in here. I ain't playing no games.  {Screams}  -Aah!  -Oh, no!  -No, help!  -Shh!  -Shrek! Shrek! Shrek!  -No, it's okay. It's okay.  -What did you do with the princess?  -Donkey, I'm the princess.  -Aah!  -It's me, in this body.  -Oh, my God! You ate the princess. Can you hear me?  -Donkey!  -Listen, keep breathing! I'll get you out of there!  -No!  -Shrek! Shrek! Shrek!  -Shh.  -Shrek!  -This is me.  {Muffled mumbling}  -Princess? What happened to you? You're, uh, uh, uh, different.  -I'm ugly, okay?  -Well, yeah! Was it something you ate? 'Cause I told Shrek those rats   was a bad idea. You are what you eat, I said. Now - -   -No.  -I - - I've been this way as long as I can remember.  -What do you mean? Look, I ain't never seen you like this before.  -It's only happens when sun goes down.  "By night one way, by day another. This shall be the norm... until you   find true love's first kiss... and then take love's true form."  -Ah, that's beautiful. I didn't know you wrote poetry.  -It's a spell.  {Sighs}   -When I was a little girl, a witch cast a spell on me. Every night I   become this. This horrible, ugly beast! I was placed in a tower to   await the day my true love would rescue me. That's why I have to marry   Lord Farquaad tomorrow before the sun sets and he sees me like this.  {Sobs}  -All right, all right. Calm down. Look, it's not that bad. You're not   that ugly. Well, I ain't gonna lie. You are ugly. But you only look   like this at night. Shrek's ugly 24-7.  -But Donkey, I'm a princess, and this is not how a princess is meant   to look.  -Princess, how 'bout if you don't marry Farquaad?  -I have to.  Only my true love's kiss can break the spell.  -But, you know, um, you're kind of an orge, and Shrek - - well, you   got a lot in common.  -Shrek?    -Princess, I - - Uh, how's it going, first of all? Good? Um, good for   me too. I'm okay. I saw this flower and thought of you because it's   pretty and - - well, I don't really like it, but I thought you might   like it 'cause you're pretty. But I like you anyway. I'd - - uh, uh -   -   {Sighs}  -I'm in trouble. Okay, here we go.  -I can't just marry whoever I want. Take a good look at me, Donkey. I   mean, really, who can ever love a beast so hideous and ugly?   "Princess" and "ugly" don't go together. That's why I can't stay here   with Shrek.  {Gasps}  -My only chance to live happily ever after is to marry my true love.  {Deep sigh}  -Don't you see, Donkey? That's just how it has to be. It's the only   way to break the spell.  -You at least gotta tell Shrek the truth.  -No! You can't breathe a word. No one must ever know.  -What's the point of being able to talk if you gotta keep secrets?  -Promise you won't tell. Promise!  -All right, all right. I won't tell him. But you should. I just know   before this is over, I'm gonna need a whole lot of serious therapy.  -Look at my eye twitchin'.  {Door opens}  {Snoring}  -I tell him, I tell him not. I tell him, I tell him not. I tell him.   -Shrek! Shrek, there's something I want - -   {Snoring}  -Shrek. Are you all right?  -Perfect! Never been better.  -I - - I don't - - There's something I have to tell you.  -You don't have to tell me anything, Princess. I heard enough last   night.  -You heard what I said?  -Every word.  -I thought you'd understand.  -Oh, I undersatnd. Like you said, "Who could love a hideous, ugly   beast?"   -But I thought that wouldn't matter to you.  -Yeah? Well, it does.  {Gasps, sighs}  -Ah, right on time.  {Horse whinnies}  -Princess, I've brought you a little something.  {Fanfare}  {Yawns}  -What'd I miss? What'd I miss?  {Muffled}  -Who said that? Couldn't have been a donkey.  -Princess Fiona.  -As promised. Now hand it over.  -Very well, orge. The deed to your swamp, cleared out, as agreed.  -Take it and go before I change my mind.  -Forgive me, Princess, for startling you, but you startled me, for I   have never seen such a radiant beauty before. I'm Lord Farquaad.  -Lord Farquaad? Oh, no, no.  {Snaps fingers}  -Forgive me, my lord, for I was just saying a short... farewell.  -Oh, that is so sweet. You don't have to waste good manners on the   orge. It's not like it has feelings.  -No, you're right. It doesn't.  -Princess Fiona, beautiful, fair, flawerss Fiona. I ask your hand in   marriage.  {Gasps}  -Will you be the perfect bride for the perfect groom?  -Lord Farquaad, I accept. Nothing would make - -   -Excellent! I'll start the plans, for tomorrow we wed!  -No! I mean, uh, why wait? Let's get married today before the sun   sets.  -Oh, anxious, are you? You're right. The sooner, the better. There's   so much to do! Threre's the caterer, the cake, the band, the guest   list. Captain, round up some guests!  -Fare-thee-well, orge.  -Shrek, what are you doing? You're letting her get away.  -Yeah? So what?  -Shrek, there's something about her you don't know. Look, I talked to   her last night, She's - -   -I know you talked to her last night. You're great pals, aren't ya?   Now, if you two are such good friends, why don't you follow her home?  -Shrek, I - - I wanna go with you.  -I told you, didn't I? You're not coming home with me. I live alone!   My swamp! Me! Nobody else! Understand? Nobody! Especially useless,   pathetic, annoying, talking donkeys!  -But I thought - -   -Yeah. You know what? You tought wrong!  -Shrek.    I heard there was a secret chord  That David played and it pleased the Lord  But you don't really care for music, do ya  It goes like this the fourth, the fifth  The minor fall the major lift  The baffled king composing hallelujah  Hallelujah,  hallelujah  Baby, I've been here before  I know this room I've walked this floor  I used to live alone before I knew you  I've seen your flag on the marble arch  But love is not a victory march  It's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah  Hallelujah,  hallelujah  And all I ever learned from love  Is how to shoot at someone  Who outdrew you  {Moaning}  And it's not a cry you can hear at night  It's not somebody who's seen the light  It's a cold and it's a broken hallelujah  {Moaning}  Hallelujah,  hallelujah    {Thumping sound}  -Donkey?  {Grunts}  -What are you doing?  -I would think, of all people, you would recognize a wall when you see   one.  -Well, yeah. But the wall's supposed to go around my swamp, not   through it.  -It is around your half. See that's your half, and this is my half.  -Oh! Your half. Hmm.  -Yes, my half. I helped rescue the princess. I did half the work. I   get half the booty. Now hand me that big old rock, the one that looks   like your head.  -Back off!  -No, you back off.  -This is my swamp!  -Our swamp.  -Let go, Donkey!  -You let go.  -Stubborn jackass!  -Smelly orge.  -Fine!  -Hey, hey, come back here. I'm not through with you yet.  -Well, I'm through with you.  -Uh-uh. You know, with you it's always, "Me, me, me!" Well, guess   what! Now it's my turn! So you just shut up and pay attention! You are   mean to me. You insult me and you don't appreciate anything that I do!   You're always pushing me around or pushing me away.  -Oh, yeah? Well, if I treated you so bad, how come you came back?  -Because that's what friends do! They forgive each other!  -Oh, yeah. You're right, Donkey. I forgive you... for stabbin' me in   the back!  -Ohh! You're so wrapped up in layers, onion boy, you're afraid of your   own feelings.  -Go away!  -There you are , doing it again just like you did to Fiona. All she   ever do was like you, maybe even love you.  -Love me? She said I was ugly, a hideous creature. I heard the two of   you talking.   -She wasn't talkin' about you. She was talkin' about, uh, somebody   else.  -She wasn't talking about me? Well, then who was she talking about?  -Uh-uh, no way. I ain't saying anything. You don't wanna listen to me.   Right? Right?  -Donkey!  -No!  -Okay, look. I'm sorry, all right?  {Sighs}  -I'm sorry. I guess I am just a big, stupid, ugly orge. Can you   forgive me?  -Hey, that's what friends are for, right?  -Right. Friends?  -Friends.  -So, um, what did Fiona say about me?  -What are you asking me for? Why don't you just go ask her?  -The wedding! We'll never make it in time.  -Ha-ha-ha! Never fear, for where, there's a will, there's a way and I   have a way.  {Whistles}  -Donkey?  -I guess it's just my animal magnetism.  {Laughing}  -Aw, come here, you.  -All right, all right.Don't get all slobbery. No one likes a kiss ass.   All right, hop on and hold on tight. I haven't had a chance to install   the seat belts yet.  -Whoo!  {Bells tolling}  {All gasping}  -People of DuLoc, we gather here today to bear witnss to the union....  -Um-  -of our new king - -  -Excuse me. Could we just skip ahead to the "I do's"?  {Chuckling}  -Go on.  -Go ahead, HAVE SOME FUN. If we need you, I'll whistle. How about   that? Shrek, wait, wait! Wait a minute! You wanna do this right, don't   you?  -What are you talking about?  -There's a line you gotta wait for. The preacher's gonna say, "Speak   now or forever hold your peace." That's when you say, "I object!"  -I don't have time for this!  -Hey, wait. What are you doing? Listen to me! Look, you love this   woman, don't you?  -Yes.  -You wanna hold her?  -Yes.  -Please her?  -Yes!  -Then you got to, got to try a little tenderness. The chicks love that   romantic crap!  -All right! Cut it out. When does this guy say the line?  -We gotta check it out.    -And so, by the power vested in me,   -What do you see?  -The whole town's in there.  -I now pronounce you husband and wife,  -They're at the altar.  -king and queen.  -Mother Fletcher! He already said it.  -Oh, for the love of Pete!  {Grunts}  -I object!  -Shrek?  {Gasps}  -Oh, now what does he want?  -Hi, everyone. Havin' a good time, are ya? I love DuLoc, first at all.   Very clean.  -What are you doing here?  -Really, it's rude enough being alive when no one wants you, but   showing up uninvited to a wedding - -  -Fiona! I need to talk to you.  -Oh, now you wanna talk? It's a little late for that, so if you'll   excuse me - -   -But you can't marry him.  -And why not?  -Because- - Because he's just marring you so he can be king.  -Outrageous! Fiona, don't listen to him.  -He's not your true love.  -And what do you know about true love?  -Well, I - - Uh - - I mean - -   -Oh, this is precious. The orge has fallen in love with the princess!   Oh, good Lord.  {Crowd laughting}  -An orge and a princess!  -Shrek, is this true?  -Who cares? It's preposterous! Fiona, my love, we're but a kiss away   from our "happily ever after." Now kiss me! Mmmmm!  -"By night one way, by day another." I wanted to show you before.  {Whimpers}  {Crown gasping}  -Well, uh, that explains a lot.  -Ugh! It's disgusting! Guards! Guards! I order you to get that out of   my sight now! Get them! Get them both!  -No, no!  -Shrek!  -This hocus-pocus alters nothing. This marriage is binding, and that   makes me king! See? See?  -No, let go of me! Shrek!  -No!  -Don't just stand there, you morons.  -Get out of my way! Fiona! Arrgh!   -I'll make you regret the day we met. I'll see you drawn and   quartered!  -You'll beg for death to save you!  -No, Shrek!  -And as for you, my wife,  -Fiona!  -I'll have you locked back in that tower for the rest of your days!  -I'm king!  {Whistles}  -I will have order! I will have perfection! I will have - - Aaaah!  -Aah!  -All right. Nobody move. I got a dragon here, and I'm not afraid to   use it.  {Roars}  -I'm a donkey on the edge!  {Belches}  -Celebrity marriages. They never last, do they?  {Cheering}  -Go ahead, Shrek.  -Uh, Fiona?  -Yes, Shrek?  -I - - I love you.  -Really?  -Really, really.  - I love you too.  -Aawww!  -"Until you find true love's first kiss and then take love's true   form."  -"Take love's true form. Take love's true form."  -Fiona? Fiona. Are you all right?  -Well, yes. But I don't understand. I'm supposed to be beautiful.  -But you ARE beautiful.  {Chuckles}  -I was hoping this would be a happy ending.    I thought love was only true in fairy tales  Oy!  Meant for someone else but not for me  Love was out to get me  That's the way it seemed  Disappointment haunted all my dreams  And then I saw her face  Now I'm a believer and not a trace  Of doubt in my mind  I'm in love  Ooh-aah  I'm a believer I couldn't leave her  If I tried    -God bless us, every one.    Come on, y'all!  Then I saw her face  Ha-ha  Now I'm a believer   Listen!  Not a trace  Of doubt in my mind  I'm in love  Ooh-aah  I'm a believer   I couldn't leave her if I tried  -Ooh!  -Uh!  Then I saw her face  Now I'm a believer   Hey!  Not a trace  Uhh! Yeah.  Of doubt in my mind    -One more time!  I'm in love  I'm a believer   Come on!  I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe,   I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, I believe, hey  Y'all sing it with me!  I  Believe  I believe  People in the back!  I believe  I'm a believer   I believe  I believe  I believe  I believe  {Hysterical laughing}  -Oh, that's funny. Oh. Oh.  -I can't breathe. I can't breathe.     I believe in self-assertion  Destiny or a slight diversion  Now it seems I've got my head on straight  I'm a freak an apparition  Seems I've made the right decision  To try to turn back now it might be too late    Now I want to stay home today  Don't wanna go out  If anyone comes to play  Gonna get thrown out  I wanna stay home today  Don't want no company  No way  Yeah, yeah, yeah    I wanna be a millionaire someday  But know what it feels like to give it away  Watch me march to the beat of my own drum  And it's off to the moon and then back again  Same old day Same situation  My happiness rears back as if to say    I wanna stay home today  Don't wanna go out  If anyone comes to play  Gonna get thrown out  I wanna stay home today  Don't want no company  No way  Yeah, yeah, yeah    I wanna stay home, stay home, stay home.........      I get such a thrill when you look in my eyes  My heart skips a beat  Girl, I feel so alive  Please tell me, baby, if all this is true  'Cause deep down inside all I wanted was you  Oh-oh-oh  Makes me wanna dance  Oh-oh-oh  It's a new romance  Oh-oh-oh  I look into your eyes  Oh-oh-oh  The best years of our lives  When we first met  I could hardly believe  The things that would happen   and we could achieve  So let's be together  for all of our time  Oh, girl, I'm so thankful  that you are still mine  You always consider me  like an ugly duckling  And treat me like a Nostradamus  was why I had to get my shine on  I break a little something  to keep my mind on  'Cause you had my mind gone  Eh-eh, eh-eh, eh-eh  Turn the lights on, Come on, baby  Let's just rewind the song  'Cause all I want to do is   make the rest years the best years  All night long    Oh-oh-oh  Makes me wanna dance  Makes me wanna dance  Oh-oh-oh  It's a new romance  It's a new romance  Oh-oh-oh  I look into your eyes  Oh, yeah, yeah  I look into your eyes  Oh-oh-oh  The best years of our lives  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah..............      Everything looks bright  Standing in your light  Everything feels right  What's left is out of sight  What's a girl to do   I'm telling you  You're on my mind  I wanna be with you  'Cause when you're  standin' next to me  It's like wow  And all your kisses  seem to set me free  It's like wow  And when we touch  it's such a rush  I can't get enough  It's like- - It's like  Ooh-ooh  Hey, what  It's like wow  Ooh-ooh, hey  Hey, yeah  It's like wow  Everything is looking  right now, right now  It's like wow  And I got this feeling  This feeling   it's just like wow  It's just like wow  You are all I'm thinking of.  Like wow  Everything feels right  Everything feels right  Like wow  Everything looks bright  All my senses are right  Like wow  Everything feels right  Baby, baby, baby  the way I'm feeling you  Is like wow    There is something  that I see  In the way   you look at me  There's a smile  There's a truth  In your eyes  What an unexpected way  On this unexpected day  Could it be  This is where I belong  It is you I have loved  All long  There's no more mystery  It is finally clear to me  You're the home  my heart's searched for  So long  It is you I have loved  All long  Whoa, over and over  I'm filled with emotion  As I look  Into your perfect face            Special help by SergeiK

Shrek Script - Dialogue Transcript
Voila! Finally, the Shrek script is here for all you quotes spouting fans of the movie starring Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, and Cameron Diaz.  This script is a transcript that was painstakingly transcribed using the screenplay and/or viewings of Shrek. I know, I know, I still need to get the cast names in there and I'll be eternally tweaking it, so if you have any corrections, feel free to drop me a line. You won't hurt my feelings. Honest.
Swing on back to Drew's Script-O-Rama afterwards for more free movie scripts!
Shrek Script

 {Man} Once upon a time there was a lovely princess.

But she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort which could only

be broken by love's first kiss.

She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire-breathing

dragon.

Many brave knigts had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison,

but non prevailed.

She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest

tower for her true love and true love's first kiss.

{Laughing}

Like that's ever gonna happen.

{Paper Rusting, Toilet Flushes}

What a load of -

Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me

I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed

She was lookin' kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb

In the shape of an "L" on her forehead

The years start comin' and they don't stop comin'

Fed to the rules and hit the ground runnin'

Didn't make sense not to live for fun

Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb

So much to do so much to see

So what's wrong with takin' the backstreets

You'll never know if you don't go

You'll never shine if you don't glow

Hey, now You're an all-star

Get your game on, go play

Hey, now You're a rock star

Get the show on, get paid

And all that glitters is gold

Only shootin' stars break the mold

It's a cool place and they say it gets colder

You're bundled up now but wait till you get older

But the meteor men beg to differ

Judging by the hole in the satellite picture

The ice we skate is gettin' pretty thin

The water's getting warm so you might as well swim

My world's on fire

How 'bout yours

That's the way I like it and I'll never get bored

Hey, now, you're an all-star

{Shouting}

Get your game on, go play

Hey, now You're a rock star

Get the show on, get paid

And all that glitters is gold

Only shootin' stars break the mold

{Belches}

Go!

Go!

{Record Scratching}

Go. Go.Go.

Hey, now, you're an all-star

Get your game on, go play

Hey, now You're a rock star

Get the show on, get paid

And all that glitters is gold

Only shootin' stars break the mold

-Think it's in there?

-All right. Let's get it!

-Whoa. Hold on. Do you know what that thing can do to you?

-Yeah, it'll grind your bones for it's bread.

{Laughs}

-Yes, well, actually, that would be a gaint.

Now, ogres - - They're much worse.

They'll make a suit from your freshly peeled skin.

-No!

-They'll shave your liver. Squeeze the jelly from your eyes!

Actually, it's quite good on toast.

-Back! Back, beast! Back! I warn ya!

{Gasping}

-Right.

{Roaring}

{Shouting}

{Roaring}

{Whispers} This is the part where you run away.

{Gasping}

{Laughs}

{Laughing} And stay out!

"Wanted. Fairy tale creatures."

{Sighs}

{Man's voice} All right. This one's full.

-Take it away!

{Gasps}

-Move it along. Come on! Get up!

-Next!

-Give me that! Your fiying days are over.

That's 20 pieces of silver for the witch. Next!

-Get up! Come on!

-Twenty pieces.

{Thudding}

-Sit down there!

-Keep quiet!

{Crying}

-This cage is too small.

-Please, don't turn me in. I'll never be stubborn again.

I can change. Please! Give me another chance!

-Oh, shut up.

-Oh!

-Next!

-What have you got?

-This little wooden puppet.

-I'm not a puppet. I'm a real boy.

-Five shillings for the possessed toy. Take it away.

-Father, please! Don't let them do this!

-Help me!

-Next! What have you got?

-Well, I've got a talking donkey.

{Grunts}

-Right. Well, that's good for ten shillings, if you can prove it.

-Oh, go ahead, little fella.

-Well?

-Oh, oh, he's just - - He's just a little nervous.

He's really quite a chatterbox. Talk, you boneheaded dolt - -

-That's it. I've heard enough. Guards!

-No, no, he talks! He does. I can talk. I love to talk.

I'm the talkingest damn thing you ever saw.

-Get her out of my sight.

-No, no! I swear! Oh! He can talk!

{Gasps}

-Hey! I can fly!

-He can fly!

-He can fly!

-He can talk!

-Ha, ha! That's right, fool! Now I'm a flying, talking donkey.

You might have seen a housefly, maybe even a superfly

but I bet you ain't never seen a donkey fly. Ha, ha!

Oh-oh.

{Grunts}

-Seize him!

-After him! He's getting away!

{Grunts, Gasps}

{Man}

-Get him! This way! Turn!

-You there. Orge!

-Aye?

-By the order of Lord Farquaad I am authorized to place you both under

arrest

and transport you to a designated..... resettlement facility.

-Oh, really? You and what army?

{Gasps, Whimpering}

{Chuckles}

-Can I say something to you?

-Listen, you was really, really, really somethin' back here.

Incredible!

Are you talkin' to - - me? Whoa!

-Yes. I was talkin' to you. Can I tell you that you that you was great

back here? Those guards!

They thought they was all of that. Then you showed up, and bam! They

was trippin' over themselves like babes in the woods. That really made

me feel good to see that.

-Oh, that's great. Really.

-Man, it's good to be free.

-Now, why don't you go celebrate your freedom with your own friends?

Hmm?

-But, uh, I don't have any friends. And I'm not goin' out there by

myself. Hey, wait a minute! I got a great idea! I'll stick with you.

You're mean, green, fightin' machine. Together we'll scare the spit

out of anybody that crosses us.

{Roaring}

-Oh, wow! That was really scary. If you don't mind me sayin', if that

don't work, your breath certainly will get the job done, 'cause you

definitely need some Tic Tacs or something, 'cause you breath stinks!

You almost burned the hair outta my nose, just like the time - -

{Mumbling}

Than I ate some rotten berries. I had strong gases eking out of my

butt that day.

-Why are you following me?

-I'll tell you why.

'Cause I'm all alone

There's no one here beside me

My promlems have all gone

There's no one to deride me

But you gotta heve friends - -

-Stop singing! It's no wonder you don't have any friends.

-Wow. Only a true friend would be that cruelly honest.

-Listen, little donkey. Take a look at me. What am I?

-Uh - - Really tall?

-No! I'm an orge! You know. "Grab your torch and pitchforks." Doesn't

that bother you?

-Nope.

-Really?

-Really, really.

-Oh.

-Man, I like you. What's you name?

-Uh, Shrek.

-Shrek? Well, you know what I like about you, Shrek?

You got that kind of I-don't-care-what-nobody-thinks-of-me thing.

I like that. I respect that, Shrek. You all right. Whoo! Look at that.

Who'd want to live in place like that?

-That would be my home.

-Oh! And it is lovely! Just beautiful. You know you are quite a

decorator. It's amazing what you've done with such a modest budget. I

like that boulder. That is a nice boulder.

-I guess you don't entertain much, do you?

-I like my privacy.

-You know, I do too. That's another thing we have in common. Like I

hate it when you got somebody in your face. You've trying to give them

a hint, and they won't leave. There's that awkward silence.

-Can I stay with you?

-Uh, what?

-Can I stay with you, please?

-Of course!

-Really?

-No.

-Please! I don't wanna go back there! You don't know what it's like to

be considered a freak. Well, maybe you do. But that's why we gotta

stick together. You gotta let me stay! Please! Please!

-Okay! Okay! But one night only.

-Ah! Thank you!

-What are you - - No! No!

-This is gonna be fun! We can stay up late, swappin' manly stories,

and in the mornin' I'm makin' waffles.

-Oh!

-Where do, uh, I sleep?

-Outside!

-Oh, well. I guess that's cool. I mean, I don't know you, and you

don't know me, so I guess outside is best, you know.

{Sniffles}

-Here I go.

-Good night.

{Sighs}

-I mean, I do like the outdoors. I'm a donkey. I was born outside.

I'll just be sitting by myself outside, I guess, you know. By myself,

outside.

I'm all alone

There's no one here beside me

{Bubbling}

{Sighs}

{Creaking}

{Sighs}

-I thought I told you to stay outside.

-I'm outside.

{Clattering}

-Well, gents, it's a far cry from the farm, but what choice do we

have?

-It's not home, but it'll do just fune.

-What a lovely bed.

-Got ya.

{Sniffs} I found some cheese.

-Ow! {Grunts}

-Blah! Awful stuff.

-Is that you, Gorder?

-How did you know?

-Enough! What are you doing in my house?

{Grunts}

-Hey!

{Snickers}

-Oh, no, no, no. Dead broad off the table.

-Where are we supposed to put her? The bed's taken.

-Huh?

{Gusps}

{Male voice} What?

-I live in a swamp. I put up signs. I'm a terrifying orge! What do I

have to do get a little privacy?

-Aah!

-Oh, no. No! No!

{Cackling}

-What?

-Quit it.

-Don't push.

{Squeaking}

{Lows}

- What are you doing in my swamp?

{Echoing}

Swamp! Swamp! Swamp!

{Gasping}

-Oh, dear!

-Whoa!

-All right, get out of here. All of you, move it! Come on! Let's go!

Hapaya! Hapaya! Hey!

-Quickly. Come on!

-No, no! No, no. Not there. Not there.

-Oh!

{Sighs}

-Hey, don't look at me. I didn't invite them.

-Oh, gosh, no one invited us.

-What?

-We were forced to come here.

-By who?

-Lord Farquaad.

-He huffed und he puffed und he...... signed an eviction notice.

{Sighs}

-All right. Who knows where this Farquaad guy is?

{Murmuring}

-Oh, I do. I know where he is.

-Does anyone else know where to find him? Anyone at all?

-Me! Me!

-Anyone?

-Oh! Oh, pick me! Oh, I know! I know! Me, me!

{Sighs}

-Okay, fine. Attention, all fairy tale things. Do not get comfortable.

Your welcome is officially worn out. In fact, I'm gonna see this guy

Farquaad right now and get you all off my land and back where you came

from!

{Cheering}

{Twittering}

-Oh! You! You're comin' with me.

- All right, that's what I like to hear, man. Shrek and Donkey, two

stalwart friends, off on a whirlwind big-city adventure. I love it!

-On the road again. Sing it with me, Shrek.

-Hey. Oh, oh!

-I can't wait to get on the road again.

-What did I say about singing?

-Can I whistle?

-No.

-Can I hum it?

-All right, hum it.

{Humming}

{Grunts}

{Whimpering}

-That's enough. He's ready to talk.

{Coughing}

{Laughing}

{Clears throat}

-Run, run, run, as fust as you can. You can't catch me. I'm the

gingerbread man!

-You 

---
## [GuaiYiHu/android_kernel_xiaomi_sm6150](https://github.com/GuaiYiHu/android_kernel_xiaomi_sm6150)@[fd4a9d9d31...](https://github.com/GuaiYiHu/android_kernel_xiaomi_sm6150/commit/fd4a9d9d31a199e5d19d6b3324e0581953e964a5)
#### Wednesday 2020-02-12 23:48:52 by George Spelvin

lib/sort: make swap functions more generic

Patch series "lib/sort & lib/list_sort: faster and smaller", v2.

Because CONFIG_RETPOLINE has made indirect calls much more expensive, I
thought I'd try to reduce the number made by the library sort functions.

The first three patches apply to lib/sort.c.

Patch #1 is a simple optimization.  The built-in swap has special cases
for aligned 4- and 8-byte objects.  But those are almost never used;
most calls to sort() work on larger structures, which fall back to the
byte-at-a-time loop.  This generalizes them to aligned *multiples* of 4
and 8 bytes.  (If nothing else, it saves an awful lot of energy by not
thrashing the store buffers as much.)

Patch #2 grabs a juicy piece of low-hanging fruit.  I agree that nice
simple solid heapsort is preferable to more complex algorithms (sorry,
Andrey), but it's possible to implement heapsort with far fewer
comparisons (50% asymptotically, 25-40% reduction for realistic sizes)
than the way it's been done up to now.  And with some care, the code
ends up smaller, as well.  This is the "big win" patch.

Patch #3 adds the same sort of indirect call bypass that has been added
to the net code of late.  The great majority of the callers use the
builtin swap functions, so replace the indirect call to sort_func with a
(highly preditable) series of if() statements.  Rather surprisingly,
this decreased code size, as the swap functions were inlined and their
prologue & epilogue code eliminated.

lib/list_sort.c is a bit trickier, as merge sort is already close to
optimal, and we don't want to introduce triumphs of theory over
practicality like the Ford-Johnson merge-insertion sort.

Patch #4, without changing the algorithm, chops 32% off the code size
and removes the part[MAX_LIST_LENGTH+1] pointer array (and the
corresponding upper limit on efficiently sortable input size).

Patch #5 improves the algorithm.  The previous code is already optimal
for power-of-two (or slightly smaller) size inputs, but when the input
size is just over a power of 2, there's a very unbalanced final merge.

There are, in the literature, several algorithms which solve this, but
they all depend on the "breadth-first" merge order which was replaced by
commit 835cc0c8477f with a more cache-friendly "depth-first" order.
Some hard thinking came up with a depth-first algorithm which defers
merges as little as possible while avoiding bad merges.  This saves
0.2*n compares, averaged over all sizes.

The code size increase is minimal (64 bytes on x86-64, reducing the net
savings to 26%), but the comments expanded significantly to document the
clever algorithm.

TESTING NOTES: I have some ugly user-space benchmarking code which I
used for testing before moving this code into the kernel.  Shout if you
want a copy.

I'm running this code right now, with CONFIG_TEST_SORT and
CONFIG_TEST_LIST_SORT, but I confess I haven't rebooted since the last
round of minor edits to quell checkpatch.  I figure there will be at
least one round of comments and final testing.

This patch (of 5):

Rather than having special-case swap functions for 4- and 8-byte
objects, special-case aligned multiples of 4 or 8 bytes.  This speeds up
most users of sort() by avoiding fallback to the byte copy loop.

Despite what ca96ab859ab4 ("lib/sort: Add 64 bit swap function") claims,
very few users of sort() sort pointers (or pointer-sized objects); most
sort structures containing at least two words.  (E.g.
drivers/acpi/fan.c:acpi_fan_get_fps() sorts an array of 40-byte struct
acpi_fan_fps.)

The functions also got renamed to reflect the fact that they support
multiple words.  In the great tradition of bikeshedding, the names were
by far the most contentious issue during review of this patch series.

x86-64 code size 872 -> 886 bytes (+14)

With feedback from Andy Shevchenko, Rasmus Villemoes and Geert
Uytterhoeven.

Link: http://lkml.kernel.org/r/f24f932df3a7fa1973c1084154f1cea596bcf341.1552704200.git.lkml@sdf.org
Signed-off-by: George Spelvin <lkml@sdf.org>
Acked-by: Andrey Abramov <st5pub@yandex.ru>
Acked-by: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Reviewed-by: Andy Shevchenko <andriy.shevchenko@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Rasmus Villemoes <linux@rasmusvillemoes.dk>
Cc: Geert Uytterhoeven <geert@linux-m68k.org>
Cc: Daniel Wagner <daniel.wagner@siemens.com>
Cc: Don Mullis <don.mullis@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Chinner <dchinner@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Andrew Morton <akpm@linux-foundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---

# [<](2020-02-11.md) 2020-02-12 [>](2020-02-13.md)

