# [<](2020-09-11.md) 2020-09-12 [>](2020-09-13.md)

2,445,440 events, 987,389 push events, 1,399,557 commit messages, 95,958,222 characters


## [Tamaized/Voidscape](https://github.com/Tamaized/Voidscape)@[5229de61a1...](https://github.com/Tamaized/Voidscape/commit/5229de61a1e2b98b6846897b3158dbc0ea20df3b)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 02:04:18 by Tamaized

stupid dumbass idiots i swear to fuck

Signed-off-by: Tamaized <9671313+Tamaized@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [botupdate/botupdate](https://github.com/botupdate/botupdate)@[5597102afc...](https://github.com/botupdate/botupdate/commit/5597102afc62a56434c00d697b24b4014fc90738)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 02:35:45 by The Bot Update

Update botupdate.txt

kiss my ass, they need to stop stop stop stops top this is them fucking with me! ahhh ahhh ahh! no deal, you're out, tell freddy mercury it's Rama! OOOhOhhh
turn it off

---
## [HunterDoodles/Project-BLACK](https://github.com/HunterDoodles/Project-BLACK)@[0a66b6f282...](https://github.com/HunterDoodles/Project-BLACK/commit/0a66b6f282e4ac4194783dfb97c40fd24c0511dc)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 02:59:45 by Spark

Added not working Car Flipping script

I hate my life

---
## [dellsystem/bookmarker](https://github.com/dellsystem/bookmarker)@[d722c4218c...](https://github.com/dellsystem/bookmarker/commit/d722c4218c7bf4dcf790f6ba83ce6dec359f62bb)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 04:58:03 by dellsystem

Update with keyboard shortcuts + better GR sync

* Renamed code/ to src/ sorry lol
* Changed goodreads integration (we now have 3 separate ways of
  interacting with this terrifically shitty api - the regular REST
  API, the csv export, and good old web scraping)
* Keyboard shortcuts using mousetrap (amazing)
* Updated tests (they all pass now)
* Upgraded some pip requirements, including Django

---
## [MindfulMinun/sakura](https://github.com/MindfulMinun/sakura)@[e1175ec3b8...](https://github.com/MindfulMinun/sakura/commit/e1175ec3b88508e2f2adfd2acd53ffd708a548b6)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 06:51:14 by MindfulMinun

Oh shit, I fixed both errors literally minutes later

- When calling navigator.share, Files have to have a MIME type
- Oh my fucking god I forgot to add will-change: transform
- The whole image can now be seen at start. No more having to zoom out :D

---
## [sudoforge/bazel-tools](https://github.com/sudoforge/bazel-tools)@[f944caed2e...](https://github.com/sudoforge/bazel-tools/commit/f944caed2ed84e658c4e3789b1be175515b52a7b)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 07:13:15 by Benjamin Denhartog

feat(buildozer): add documentation for the buildozer rule

This patch introduces Stardoc to this workspace, and adds a series of
targets that ultimately generate an output containing the rule reference
for `//buildozer:def.bzl%_buildozer`, stripping the underscore for a
nicer user experience.

It's difficult to say whether or not this is the best way to go about
this, as what we're really doing is generating documentation for a
private symbol (`_buildozer`), and then defining a genrule to invoke
`sed` and remove the offending underscore. This rule is private because
we expose the rule through a public macro `buildozer`, however, stardoc
is incapable of generating complete documentation for the macro
(including attributes from the proxied rule, which is what we'd want for
friendly documentation -- see https://github.com/bazelbuild/stardoc/issues/82).

---
## [armedbear/abcl](https://github.com/armedbear/abcl)@[d58dd55fc1...](https://github.com/armedbear/abcl/commit/d58dd55fc1abd9777b53fa9bc2dc5d349ab231b7)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 08:47:14 by Mark

Fix loop destructuring problems
(Daniel Kochmański)

Cribbed from
<https://gitlab.com/embeddable-common-lisp/ecl/-/merge_requests/226/diffs>:

Simple MAPCAR must be replaced by a slightly more complicated DO, because the
list may not be a proper list. I want to dedicate this ballad to myself.

    This is a tale of a sorry quest
    To master pure code at the T guru's behest
    I enrolled in a class that appealing did seem
    For it promised to teach fine things like T3 and Scheme

    The first day went fine; we learned of cells
    And symbols and lists and functions as well
    Lisp I had mastered and excited was I
    For to master T3 my hackstincts did cry

    I sailed through the first week with no problems at all
    And I even said "closure" instead of "function call"
    Then said the master that ready were we
    To start real hacking instead of simple theory

    Will you, said he, write me a function please
    That in lists would associate values with keys
    I went home and turned on my trusty Apollo
    And wrote a function whose definition follows:

        (cdr (assq key a-list))

    A one-liner I thought, fool that I was
    Just two simple calls without a COND clause
    But when I tried this function to run
    CDR didn't think that NIL was much fun

    So I tried again like the good King of yore
    And of code I easily generated some more:

        (cond ((assq key a-list) => cdr))

    It got longer but purer, and it wasn't too bad
    But then COND ran out and that was quite sad

    Well, that isn't hard to fix, I was told
    Just write some more code, my son, be bold
    Being young, not even a moment did I pause
    I stifled my instincts and added a clause

        (cond ((assq key a-list) => cdr)
              (else nil))

    Sometimes this worked and sometimes it broke
    I debugged and prayed and even had a stroke
    Many a guru tried valiantly to help
    But undefined datums their efforts did squelch.

    I returneth once more to the great sage of T
    For no way out of the dilemma I could see
    He said it was easy -- more lines must I fill
    with code, for FALSE was no longer NIL.

        (let ((val (assq key a-list)))
           (cond (val (cdr val))
                 (else nil)))

    You'd think by now I might be nearing the end
    Of my ballad which seems bad things to portend
    You'd think that we could all go home scot-free
    But COND eschewed VAL; it wanted #T

    So I went back to the master and appealed once again
    I said, pardon me, but now I'm really insane
    He said, no you're not really going out of your head
    Instead of just VAL, you must use NOT NULL instead

        (let ((val (assq key a-list)))
           (cond ((not (null? val)) (cdr val))
                 (else nil)))

    My song is over and I'm going home to bed
    With this ineffable feeling that I've been misled
    And just in case my point you have missed
    Somehow I preferred (CDR (ASSQ KEY A-LIST))

                -- Ashwin Ram,
                   "A Short Ballad Dedicated to Program Growth"

Fixes <https://github.com/armedbear/abcl/issues/274> <https://abcl.org/trac/ticket/471>.

---
## [Nyaosi/Mount-Moses-Observatory](https://github.com/Nyaosi/Mount-Moses-Observatory)@[2f50d9a5d1...](https://github.com/Nyaosi/Mount-Moses-Observatory/commit/2f50d9a5d19ae99006d20d67b9ba103994da3a60)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 09:26:29 by Kaosa Henry Nyaosi

Create FUNDING.yml

<h2>How to create youth employment in Africa</h2>
<hr>
<em>Other relevant topics to explore</em>
<ul><li>Combining surveillance video analysis with remote site sound analysis 
<li>Audio-Visual Surveillance: Determination of point of activation of the suitable social agent to handle developing conflict scenarios before escalation
<li>City Limits: Why sustainable growth of cities is to blame for natural calamities
<li>Correlation between the timing of importation of raw materials and tsunami cases in ASEAN countries
<li>Creating avenues for venting frustration</ul>
<hr>
<p>Many youths in Africa complain openly about being unemployed. Yet ironically, factions of the same youth persistently strive against politicians to express solutions to current social problems. This clearly implies that the youth have their own solutions within their ranks. All they need is the provision, coordination, and motivation faculties naturally reserved by elders.

<p>Establishing industry does not have to cost huge billions upon trillions, no. For even though sufficient motivation often includes financial support, this is mainly due to the current longstanding cross-generational artificial global socio-political conditioning of resultant shared human culture. Cash, being artificial is not an intrinsic characteristic of the natural global fabric of mammalian support systems1. Furthermore, since everyone was once a youth or will become so at one time in the future, older generations can only blame amnesia or psychopathy2 if a member fails to understand the follies of youth.

<p>The problem of unemployment can be solved by creating an accessible diversity-conscious age-set based co-mentoring system. The system can deliver helpful advice and the required motivation with high precision to the right youth at the time of need. If at this point we ask ourselves, “Needed by whom?” well, we can answer ourselves that the entities are spiritual. On one hand, there's the vision Jesus had for humanity and on the other what the youthful client is seeking to achieve driven by factors we can explore.

<p>It is important to note that mentoring is not always affirmative. Sometimes correction and redirection become necessary.

<p>So, do you think humanity can build the system described above?

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9edb4d6b1b...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9edb4d6b1bdf8c288313852ed8a4ac8258bec129)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 10:17:20 by Marko Grdinić

"9:50am. Too much fun with Reverend Insanity again.

Let me chill for a while and then I will start. I've made up my mind to just focus on doing the filling.

10:20am. Ok, just a bit more and I will start. Since I got up this late, and am even feeling hungry I do feel like skipping the morning sesssion, but this time specifically I won't skip. I want to build up some momentum. I want to at least break the ice in the morning.

10:25am. Let me start.

I should get something done. I should start the first part of the prepass.

10:30am.

```fs
and TExpr =
    | B of Range
    | Var of Range * Id
    | Pair of Range * TExpr * TExpr
    | Arrow of Range * TExpr * TExpr
    | Record of Range * Map<string,TExpr>
    | Symbol of Range * string
    | Apply of Range * TExpr * TExpr
    | Prim of Range * Config.PrimitiveType
    | Term of Range * Expr
    | Macro of Range * Macro list
    | Fun of Range * FreeVars * Id * TExpr
```

I am confused. Shouldn't I have something for higher order types here?

```fs
| HigherOrder of Range * Id
```

Let me add this.

10:35am.

```fs
    | Fun of Range * FreeVars * Id * Expr
    | Recursive of (Range * FreeVars * Id * Expr) ref
```

Let me do this one like so.

```fs
type TopEnv = {

    }
```

The most important thing I need to do before I can start is define `TopEnv`.

10:40am. It is strange that this is giving me trouble. I think I understand the later steps well enough...

11:05am. I am thinking. I really meant to start, but it appears I need to refine the initial part.

Damn it. Last time I only had to prepass the inl statements and that was straightfoward. Now that I need to do the top level, along with everything else, the prepass will take a lot more work. Yeah, I won't be able to do this that easily. Still, it should not take anywhere near as long as the typechecker.

11:35am. Had to take a break. I am still thinking about it full throttle.

```fs
//type FreeVars = {|type' : int; term : int|}
type FreeVars = unit
```

Let me do this. I've decided that I'll first make the skeleton and then the muscles. Prepass used to be all about propagating the free variable information, but for the time being I'll just leave this as unit.

11:40am. That will make the bite easier to swallow.

Free variables are not such a huge problem. I can leave them for later.

Before I should do the general form of it. This stuff will be new to the prepass.

11:45am.

```fs
| Apply of Range * Expr * Expr
```

Let me get rid of this. I do not need it after all.

12pm. Damn it. Even though I've made the decision to ignore free vars for the time being, my mind is still in too much disarray to start. Let me have breakfast and then maybe I'll spend the rest of the day in bed. Whether it is my loneliness or insecurity, they seem to be at full blast right now. I am just too weak.

12:05pm. It is tough. It is always tough. I need to take my weakness and my strength and convert it to inspiration. If I had the Inspired Desire that process would be seamless and without friction. Since I am just a human, I need to dispense with the pretense and just make do with what I have.

As pathetic as it is, I am going to have to retreat until I feel the time is ripe to attack.

This brainstorming is just the worst. It is the most difficult part of the whole thing, mentally speaking. To make matters worse, if I were on a real job and had people watching me it would seem like I am just slacking off. To make matters worst, there is always that temptation. You can always think of 100 reasons not to do work. Actually making up your mind to spend your precious life essence on things that seem like meaningless symbol pushing is tough.

12:10pm. I'll have to go through this same process when it is time to do the partial evaluator.

Yeah, I have great benefits due to past experience, but the times like now reveal just how much self aggrandizement that is. I need to put in real effort to do this.

12:15pm. Let stop here."

---
## [HunterDoodles/Project-BLACK](https://github.com/HunterDoodles/Project-BLACK)@[2f1e804b6b...](https://github.com/HunterDoodles/Project-BLACK/commit/2f1e804b6bd8c78c3db8ae3878f4a1ce209a9a8f)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 10:33:09 by Skizzix

Sounds, Jumping, Fast Turn, unfucked physics

Guns and missiles make noises you can thank me later WOOOSH

Added Jumping (F Key), and Fast Turn (L Key), Boost is now K. why these shitty ass keys my model M apperently doesn't like arrow keys plus space, and unity refuses to stop thinking ctrl s is me trying to save when I'm in play mode :cry: Both jump and fast turn are very early but give you a general idea of how they would work. Ideally the longer you hold turn will turn you tighter and there will be a stopping force applied but this works for now.

I've figured out why shit clips through walls, it basically boils down to I had to increase the physics tick as even not that fast object where clipping through terrain at certain angles. For now I quadrupled it, might be overkill but I'll cross that bridge later. Doing this had the downside of breaking a good chunk of code. But it really just means I fixed stuff that needed to be multiplied by Time.Deltatime. Rule of thumb on that btw is if its actually handed by the physics system you don't need deltatime if it is not you need it. The game is starting to feel really good!

---
## [Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server](https://github.com/Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server)@[db84896173...](https://github.com/Crystalwarrior/KFO-Server/commit/db84896173f40643fee18ba83f52f06f6567e874)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 14:34:45 by Crystalwarrior

Replace is_locked enum w/ bool cuz it sucked.
This stupid thing made /area_mute really difficult to implement for no reason. Enums are not that pythonic, either, so all this unnecessary complexity for very little benefit just resulted in me removing the enum system entirely and just using booleans in a fit of baby rage.
Rename all instaces of "spectatable area" to "muted area" as spectating system is an entirely separate concept and the two functionalities are not related.
Condense the area accessibility checking into a single function to minimize code duplication across several script files.

---
## [ShinodaChan/MonikaModDev](https://github.com/ShinodaChan/MonikaModDev)@[b02c3b6323...](https://github.com/ShinodaChan/MonikaModDev/commit/b02c3b6323c68221b54e566e64c60fba9a109fd0)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 18:00:54 by Shinoda

Edits in response to requested changes by Rai99

- Wink in the last line replaced with closed eyes (happy)
- Several lines rewritten or added to provide a more hollistic discussion that is far less assumptive. It's gotten a lot lengthier, but maybe it's better this way.
- Dissolve added
- Minor grammatical adjustments

This isn't the final version, just a WIP revision to show what I'm thinking of in response to the requested changes. I also need to double check the poses as well.

You know, I wonder if it would be possible to have an 'environment' category in the future. We have Monika's lines on being a vegetarian, whether she'd eat meat or not, what she thinks about urbanization, and (if this goes through) her thoughts on renewable energy. I have a very WIP "Environment" prompt as well that we could add in as well.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[d702c588a7...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/d702c588a76e99703e28f0250041cca41b32d95a)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 19:17:00 by Marko Grdinić

"8:35pm. Apart from having lunch, I was in bed for this long.

8:40pm. I'll admit the first 2/3rd was not very fruitful and my insecurities were just eating away at me, but in the past hour, I feel like I am making very real breakthroughs.

All this seems easy, I mean I know how to do renaming, but now that I have to do filling alongside it, the pieces are harder to fit. I know how to do this now. I even know how to get around the need for RawInline in patterns. I was really confused about this earlier, but here is what I can do.

```
inl f a (A: _,_b | B: b,_) = ...
```

Earlier I realized that I could not just tag a as 0 and b as 1 because those wildcards and intermediates would get in the way. In the previous version of the prepass I used `RawInline` to get around this problem, but what I am going to do now is count the wildcards separately. Those dummy vars the pattern match compiler introduces will have negative scope starting at -1. Something that is really good about all of this is that the wildcards are very contained, so if I move from the scheme where I am just pushing vars forward, I will be able to reuse that space on the stack.

In fact, in order to be able to tag `a` as 0 and `b` as 1 I will have to use the scheme where let statements and tests take in the binding number.

8:55am. Ok, that are essentially the properties of the first pass. I'll use 3 passes.

1) The first one - filling and gathering of free vars and pattern compilation.
2) The second one is for resolving recursive variables. I am not going to be able to do the scheme using global dictionaries that I had in mind. Instead I'll do a pass that does it top to bottom. Maybe that is for the best.
3) The downwards renaming for efficiency that the partial evaluator needs. I'll also calculate the stack size during this point by getting the max var.

9:05pm. Actually, I forgot that I need to strip pattern annotations during the first pass as well. And can't forget to fill in the functions.

Yeah, it is going to be a busy one.

There is a shitload of cases to cover, so much more than before. And actually I need to inline the globals as well, but need to leave the stack size out during the first two passes.

I am going to have to replace `FreeVars` with a generic in order to handle this. Then the global will be a specific instance of such an AST that I'll be able to include.

9:15am. The amount of work to be done is fairly large. The prepass is no longer a trivial thing by any means. The steps are numerous and it will take a while.

Let me stop here. I'll continue brainstorming tomorrow."

---
## [jayanta119/Upier](https://github.com/jayanta119/Upier)@[9b9bf35b65...](https://github.com/jayanta119/Upier/commit/9b9bf35b656b7c194627f8a7a4d172a7088858f4)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 22:06:19 by jayanta119

Update README.md

Gigolo job in hyderabad to fulfill our client’s fantasy. If you are searching for gigolo club in hyderabad Maharashtra then DesirePlayboys is the best option for you. A large number of boys are now serving as male escort in hyderabad through 

Not like an agency, we require freshmen as good companions.

Candidate should be smart, mature & sportive to enhance his life.

Will get right solution for your financial needs.

1) You must be 18 years of age
2) You Should not be infected by any sexual transmitted disease.

you can register yourse
. Within 2-3 hour the digital.


Following points to remember-
*10-15 meetings will be provided in a month
* Meeting will be only in 3, 5 or 7 star hotels
* Meeting duration would be 3-5 hours

---
## [newstools/2020-iol-saturday-star](https://github.com/newstools/2020-iol-saturday-star)@[a6b11548a2...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-iol-saturday-star/commit/a6b11548a21d786a7d9be3057984c1d04ed6a3c7)
#### Saturday 2020-09-12 22:10:34 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.iol.co.za/saturday-star/news/day-and-night-we-smell-it-sewage-spills-make-life-hell-for-deneysville-residents-8e066221-2e91-4801-a2f0-a59d490c9c28]

---

# [<](2020-09-11.md) 2020-09-12 [>](2020-09-13.md)

