# [<](2020-06-02.md) 2020-06-03 [>](2020-06-04.md)

2,541,810 events, 1,254,876 push events, 2,059,267 commit messages, 153,031,470 characters


## [Villager-Bot/Villager-Bot](https://github.com/Villager-Bot/Villager-Bot)@[d545ae72aa...](https://github.com/Villager-Bot/Villager-Bot/commit/d545ae72aa57c2980381492a51ae80f8d6efc43a)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 00:05:37 by Iapetus-11

fuck you dill YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE YOU RETARDED FUCK

---
## [Amorymeltzer/dotfiles](https://github.com/Amorymeltzer/dotfiles)@[bc79380fa7...](https://github.com/Amorymeltzer/dotfiles/commit/bc79380fa761e3e653547f593c2dcaf7404fc900)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 01:18:35 by Amory Meltzer

gitprompt.sh: Just replace the damn ?? already, solve this shit for once and for all

Maybe `??` actually works?  Stupid

---
## [Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974)@[344c300d71...](https://github.com/Khalvat-M/kernel_samsung_msm8974/commit/344c300d7116f235dd551dc69d81bd8d4a825adc)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 07:44:48 by Paul E. McKenney

sync: Make sync() satisfy many requests with one invocation

Dave Jones reported RCU stalls, overly long hrtimer interrupts, and
amazingly long NMI handlers from a trinity-induced workload involving
lots of concurrent sync() calls (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/23/369).
There are any number of things that one might do to make sync() behave
better under high levels of contention, but it is also the case that
multiple concurrent sync() system calls can be satisfied by a single
sys_sync() invocation.

Given that this situation is reminiscent of rcu_barrier(), this commit
applies the rcu_barrier() approach to sys_sync().  This approach uses
a global mutex and a sequence counter.  The mutex is held across the
sync() operation, which eliminates contention between concurrent sync()
operations.  The counter is incremented at the beginning and end of
each sync() operation, so that it is odd while a sync() operation is in
progress and even otherwise, just like sequence locks.

The code that used to be in sys_sync() is now in do_sync(), and sys_sync()
now handles the concurrency.  The sys_sync() function first takes a
snapshot of the counter, then acquires the mutex, and then takes another
snapshot of the counter.  If the values of the two snapshots indicate that
a full do_sync() executed during the mutex acquisition, the sys_sync()
function releases the mutex and returns ("Our work is done!").  Otherwise,
sys_sync() increments the counter, invokes do_sync(), and increments
the counter again.

This approach allows a single call to do_sync() to satisfy an arbitrarily
large number of sync() system calls, which should eliminate issues due
to large numbers of concurrent invocations of the sync() system call.

Changes since v1 (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/24/683):

o	Add a pair of memory barriers to keep the increments from
	bleeding into the do_sync() code.  (The failure probability
	is insanely low, but when you have several hundred million
	devices running Linux, you can expect several hundred instances
	of one-in-a-million failures.)

o	Actually CC some people who have experience in this area.

Reported-by: Dave Jones <davej@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Alexander Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Cc: Jan Kara <jack@suse.cz>
Cc: Curt Wohlgemuth <curtw@google.com>
Cc: Jens Axboe <jaxboe@fusionio.com>
Cc: linux-fsdevel@vger.kernel.org

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>

---
## [NinjaOfLU/Lego-Universe-Newly-Imagined-Newly-Imagined-2.0](https://github.com/NinjaOfLU/Lego-Universe-Newly-Imagined-Newly-Imagined-2.0)@[dbaed27502...](https://github.com/NinjaOfLU/Lego-Universe-Newly-Imagined-Newly-Imagined-2.0/commit/dbaed27502103ec963f7d2aaea68695458bf0cef)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 08:33:03 by NinjaOfLU

are YOU stupid? @Jettford

Hahaha haha ahhahahaha hahaha! I'm so funny.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[988ecbdca1...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/988ecbdca10a6478f13ae8af874079947eb7b50e)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 10:23:13 by Marko Grdinić

"8:40am. I am up. Let me chill for a bit and then I will start.

9am. Just a bit more and I'll start. It turns out am a few chapters behind on GS and its spin off, but I'll leave that for later.

9:20am. Let me start. It is time to get this going again. I want to do a few examples today. It would really be great if I could do one example per hour, but I keep getting stuck on strange things that take me a long time to figure out.

9:25am. 173/515. I'll finally figure out what heartbeating is.

9:55am. I've been reading the example this one will be tough. I'll have to take a look at the F# example as well as C code is tedious.

10am. I do not really understand what to do if the balancer is down. What should the worker do then?

10:35am. I am thinking about this.

https://github.com/booksbyus/zguide/blob/master/examples/C%23/ppqueue.cs

It does not seem like there is a F# version of this, but both in the book and here, the code is such a mess. At this point even more than merely implementing the thing, I am wondering what a good example of this should be like.

10:55am. Had to take a little break.

11:05am. I am still thinking about it.

11:10am. And thinking about it...

I have a problem with heartbeating. The main issue is that the existing mechanism of how this works is already a good way of doing it. If the worker aborts, then the router will just stop sending to it.

Just how is the router supposed to restart the worker? I have no idea.

I hadn't architected for this kind of thing at all.

11:25am. I am doing some really hard thinking here.

I am starting to hit the limits of what can be done with ZeroMQ. I can't really do systems much more complex than this. Because everything is untyped, I am constantly writing my own serialization. That is in essence all I've been doing for the past few weeks. I can't really do this for much more than the toy example here.

In Spiral v0.2 when it comes around, I would be able to take a library like NetMQ and make it much more useful by having it autogenerate generic receives for arbitrary union types.

There is something I am wondering about.

Thinking back to that routing example was it really the case that it did not have zero delimiters for multi step messages?

```
let show (msg : NetMQMessage) = Seq.toArray msg |> Array.map (fun x -> x.ConvertToString()) |> String.concat " | "
```

Let me change this a little so as to highlight the nulls.

```
let show (msg : NetMQMessage) = Seq.toArray msg |> Array.map (fun x -> if x.IsEmpty then "<null>" else x.ConvertToString()) |> String.concat " | "
```

11:35am. Yeah, there are indeed empty frames between the addresses.

The way the ZeroMQ message format is structured makes separating the data from the addresses really challenging.

You really cannot use multi part messages for data if you want to do any routing due to the empty strings being the same as frame delimiters.

Instead, I would need my own parsers for parsing submessages.

11:40am. It is the C legacy of it. In a higher level language ZeroMQ could be much nicer.

...Let me check out F#'s binary serialization capabilities.

https://mbraceproject.github.io/FsPickler/

Oh this is interesting.

https://mbraceproject.github.io/FsPickler/tutorial.html

Wow, this is actually pretty fantastic. How did it occur to me to look for this only now?

12pm. Change of plans. I am going to stop the NetMQ examples for a bit so I can play with the F# pickler. This is one of those super essential technologies that I need to master much like ZeroMQ itself and reactive combinators and agents.

I could make ZeroMQ much more useful with better binary serialization. Was it a few days ago that I wracked my head how to get around the limitations impossed to me by the way ZeroMQ did addressing?

The solution for all those difficulties is good serialization.

I've thought about whether it would be possible to do better than what I did in v0.09 of Spiral. It should be, but I've been drawing a blank until now on how to get more out of it. I think that studying this library should give me some inspiration. It is really a mystery to as to how to do pickling with top-down type system language like F#.

I am really glad other people put thought into this.

12:10pm. I am going to stop focusing so much on how exactly to do the paranoid pirate, and use the example as an opportunity to showcase some extra features of the NetMQ library.

On crashes, instead of aborting the thread, I am simply going to have it go into a state where it throws away everything except a restart message.

Also I am going to go back to the two queue way of doing things. What I want to do is filter out the requests from the clients so that only the latest are processed. I'll a stack and filter out the old requests.

Also rather than reconnecting the request socket on the every retry, I am going to have the clients have more stable identities and use a single dealer socket for everything per client. Constantly making new sockets creates new identities for them, so when there is overload this creates a lot of contention.

12:15pm. Let me stop here. As hard as it is to believe, I did not put down a line of code in the morning.

Going through the examples is not trivial and I am not doing a straightforward translation, but instead exploring the full capabilities of the library along the way. Like now, I've had difficulties scaling the library due to its untypedness, and have all of a sudden discovered pickling.

No doubt I am going to be looking under the hood for the pickling library as well. I am going to have to do that in order to figure out how to generate the Typescript code for deserialization on the other side. This will take some time.

But aiming for nothing less than full mastery."

---
## [vgstation-coders/vgstation13](https://github.com/vgstation-coders/vgstation13)@[947036adeb...](https://github.com/vgstation-coders/vgstation13/commit/947036adeb14d8abbf9aed4673cfd5a994c6b6ff)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 11:16:47 by yclatious

Reduces overall vending machine prices (#26656)

* Reduces overall vending machine prices

Because fuck 60 credit raisins, fuck 50 dollars soda, and fuck the baloney bullshit of wanabee economists in spess that can't be assed to do 3 minutes of work changing numbers to make people be able to afford more than 3 soda poppies or 2 bags of raisins per paycheck.

No changes to Vox or Cargo vending machines. I am retarded, not stupid.

* Update vending.dm

* Update vending.dm

* D4C (Dirty Dans Done Dirt Cheap)

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[6245b51884...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/6245b51884cde6b46f672df97652555ec3f2f11f)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 13:58:45 by Fikou

atmos jumpsuits now have the same protections as engi jumpsuit (#51243)

* fix (maybe)

* atmos jumpsuits now have the same protections as engi jumpsuit

* gosh i hate plasmem

* hhhnnn

* fuck

---
## [ValheruGR/BFME2](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2)@[34b05c1247...](https://github.com/ValheruGR/BFME2/commit/34b05c12473cb0f372e1a16b071723ce93bdf449)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 14:09:23 by ecthelion5109

Evil volley to be visualy 4 volleys (final one in x:0 y:0 ), so you can asume it's superior to FoL's without read changelog.
this shit so fucking good omg.

---
## [ds998/TEAM-DOGS](https://github.com/ds998/TEAM-DOGS)@[4ca94670e4...](https://github.com/ds998/TEAM-DOGS/commit/4ca94670e42f5b9fd222b44bb5dabd4ff7bb3ade)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 16:17:37 by ugrinicu

According to all known laws of aviation,     there is no way a bee should be able to fly.     Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground.     The bee, of course, flies anyway     because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.     Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black. Yellow, black.     Ooh, black and yellow! Let's shake it up a little.     Barry! Breakfast is ready!     Ooming!     Hang on a second.     Hello?     - Barry? - Adam?     - Oan you believe this is happening? - I can't. I'll pick you up.     Looking sharp.     Use the stairs. Your father paid good money for those.     Sorry. I'm excited.     Here's the graduate. We're very proud of you, son.     A perfect report card, all B's.     Very proud.     Ma! I got a thing going here.     - You got lint on your fuzz. - Ow! That's me!     - Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000. - Bye!     Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house!     - Hey, Adam. - Hey, Barry.     - Is that fuzz gel? - A little. Special day, graduation.     Never thought I'd make it.     Three days grade school, three days high school.     Those were awkward.     Three days college. I'm glad I took a day and hitchhiked around the hive.     You did come back different.     - Hi, Barry. - Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.     - Hear about Frankie? - Yeah.     - You going to the funeral? - No, I'm not going.     Everybody knows, sting someone, you die.     Don't waste it on a squirrel. Such a hothead.     I guess he could have just gotten out of the way.     I love this incorporating an amusement park into our day.     That's why we don't need vacations.     Boy, quite a bit of pomp... under the circumstances.     - Well, Adam, today we are men. - We are!     - Bee-men. - Amen!     Hallelujah!     Students, faculty, distinguished bees,     please welcome Dean Buzzwell.     Welcome, New Hive Oity graduating class of...     ...9:15.     That concludes our ceremonies.     And begins your career at Honex Industries!     Will we pick ourjob today?     I heard it's just orientation.     Heads up! Here we go.     Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times.     - Wonder what it'll be like? - A little scary.     Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco     and a part of the Hexagon Group.     This is it!     Wow.     Wow.     We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life     to get to the point where you can work for your whole life.     Honey begins when our valiant Pollen Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.     Our top-secret formula     is automatically color-corrected, scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured     into this soothing sweet syrup     with its distinctive golden glow you know as...     Honey!     - That girl was hot. - She's my cousin!     - She is? - Yes, we're all cousins.     - Right. You're right. - At Honex, we constantly strive     to improve every aspect of bee existence.     These bees are stress-testing a new helmet technology.     - What do you think he makes? - Not enough.     Here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman.     - What does that do? - Oatches that little strand of honey     that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions.     Oan anyone work on the Krelman?     Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know     that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot.     But choose carefully     because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life.     The same job the rest of your life? I didn't know that.     What's the difference?     You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off     in 27 million years.     So you'll just work us to death?     We'll sure try.     Wow! That blew my mind!     "What's the difference?" How can you say that?     One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make.     I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life.     But, Adam, how could they never have told us that?     Why would you question anything? We're bees.     We're the most perfectly functioning society on Earth.     You ever think maybe things work a little too well here?     Like what? Give me one example.     I don't know. But you know what I'm talking about.     Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach.     Wait a second. Oheck it out.     - Hey, those are Pollen Jocks! - Wow.     I've never seen them this close.     They know what it's like outside the hive.     Yeah, but some don't come back.     - Hey, Jocks! - Hi, Jocks!     You guys did great!     You're monsters! You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!     - I wonder where they were. - I don't know.     Their day's not planned.     Outside the hive, flying who knows where, doing who knows what.     You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that.     Right.     Look. That's more pollen than you and I will see in a lifetime.     It's just a status symbol. Bees make too much of it.     Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it and the ladies see you wearing it.     Those ladies? Aren't they our cousins too?     Distant. Distant.     Look at these two.     - Oouple of Hive Harrys. - Let's have fun with them.     It must be dangerous being a Pollen Jock.     Yeah. Once a bear pinned me against a mushroom!     He had a paw on my throat, and with the other, he was slapping me!     - Oh, my! - I never thought I'd knock him out.     What were you doing during this?     Trying to alert the authorities.     I can autograph that.     A little gusty out there today, wasn't it, comrades?     Yeah. Gusty.     We're hitting a sunflower patch six miles from here tomorrow.     - Six miles, huh? - Barry!     A puddle jump for us, but maybe you're not up for it.     - Maybe I am. - You are not!     We're going 0900 at J-Gate.     What do you think, buzzy-boy? Are you bee enough?

---
## [JosephGallagher2001/JosephGallagher2001.github.io](https://github.com/JosephGallagher2001/JosephGallagher2001.github.io)@[6ad78e07e0...](https://github.com/JosephGallagher2001/JosephGallagher2001.github.io/commit/6ad78e07e0a22a703035e6077875b6e1ae34d2d4)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 16:58:07 by Joseph Gallagher

Update index.html

# Info about me
Hello there, fellow scholars, my name is Joseph “Joe” Gallagher. I am a student at Central Piedmont community college, as I'm sure most, if not all of you are as well. When I was deciding on what major to declare, I looked back on my experiences with using my voice and communicating with people across various avenues and platforms. 

My academic background/information:

 Before going to central piedmont, I attended Queen's Grant high school, a community school in mint Hill, NC, where I spent my junior and senior years studying various areas of the academic world, and learning what was expected of me as a student. In addition to this, I made some friends, I was a part of the various campus activities offered by the school, got into a relationship (I won't bore you all with the details of that), made friends with both faculty and fellows students, and I was allowed to participate in various school-related activities.
While I am not a straight-A student, I do you make decent grades, I never got below a D in a single college class last semester, which is quite impressive for me.
I graduated with a 3.1 grade-point-average in 2019, so I was obviously doing something right, and I carry that success with me to college. 
I am sure you would like to know what the activities were which I participated in. I participated in my school's theater class, I was a member of the Latin class at my school, and I was even given the position of being the announcer for my school’s baseball team, albeit for only one season, during my senior year of high school. One of the advantages of the position I was given is that I was able to not only work on the projection of my voice (announcers have to use a very high pitch and excited tone when they are working at sports games), and, although my capabilities as the announcer were limited, I was still able to introduce the players as they individually walked up to the plate, and I even was able to announce who the pitcher was for my home team.
(As a side note, I took this position for three reasons. One of those being that I had broken up with my girlfriend before the start of my senior year of high school, and I wanted something to take my mind off that experience. The second reason why I took this position is that I enjoyed being with the team and honing my craft of Voiceover/announcing. The third reason why I took this position is that I just enjoyed speaking and I felt this was a good avenue to pursue that.)
My professional Information/background: 

I was the lector/announcer for the teen mass program at my church, from ninth grade up until 12th grade, after that, I aged out of the program. (although I was still a teenager at the time, the program was only available for ninth through 12th-grade students, and I was a new college student at the time that I exited the program)
I have voiced many different characters, both in school plays and productions, and when I was helping my father out with some characters for the audiobook version of one of his novels. 
My personal information/background:

I am a 19-year-old boy from North Carolina.
I've lived there all my life.
In my free time, I enjoy watching TV, playing video games, hanging out with my family, and exercising.
I enjoy creating characters in my free time, and I make these characters for different fandoms.
I also enjoy, as I said earlier, playing video games and hanging out with my family.
If you are interested, I will tell you the games that I play. Those games include Minecraft, Raid: Shadow Legends, A game from the developer Socialpoint, called Monster Legends, Pokemon Go, and many others.

---
## [dfridkin/datafruits](https://github.com/dfridkin/datafruits)@[e520c85122...](https://github.com/dfridkin/datafruits/commit/e520c8512278c8d85fc4734f39871f5caac16397)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 17:32:04 by Daniel Fridkin

Squashed commit of the following:

commit 612787c71b26870d24fd7d19aa054a7c0b4bb7de
Author: Daniel Fridkin <danielfridkin@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jun 2 13:22:20 2020 -0400

    Add code coverage

    I have spent a long time trying to get this to work. I don't know what combination of black magic i did to finally get it working, but it does in fact work now.

commit c70ac617124eecd31453a27b041ce3fd5122d6bf
Author: Daniel Fridkin <danielfridkin@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jun 2 10:39:18 2020 -0400

    Finish chat unit tests

    I suspect there's a lot more functionality to be tested but this covers everything in the chat service

commit 16a2daaa65dc5979bc724b41110006a92297bf0c
Author: Daniel Fridkin <danielfridkin@gmail.com>
Date:   Tue Jun 2 01:25:47 2020 -0400

    Some unit tests for testing chat

    Some of this stuff is kinda dirty but I think bad tests are better than no tests, right? Specifically, the testing on "notauthorized" events requires specifically mocking out that .on() call because testem doesn't like window.alert, even when it's mocked out with sinon. I guess the right thing to do would be to open a pull request to testem that checks window.alert to see if it's mocked, but i suspect that would involve learning a lot about metaprogramming and the DOM and all that and honestly...it's 1:30 in the morning. I'll try to finish this up tomorrow.

commit 92eb2391a9e38aadf18290a32e8e837eb5adbd3b
Author: Daniel Fridkin <danielfridkin@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jun 1 22:44:57 2020 -0400

    rename chat.js to chat-test.js

    I'm embarassed to admit how much time i spent googling "ember not running all tests" before i realized what the problem was. *facepalm*

commit 72c73ac99a23f6dba547efaed4cb123f17b5a207
Author: Daniel Fridkin <danielfridkin@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jun 1 22:40:08 2020 -0400

    Add stylelint-config-standard as a devDependency

    This might just be me...I don't have stylelint installed globally so my editor was complaining about not being able to find stylelint-config-standard.

commit b86a955d73e9834cacb7fcbb3e2de43a380a98b8
Author: Daniel Fridkin <danielfridkin@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jun 1 22:24:06 2020 -0400

    Add tests for socket

    Check if the socket was created, and that it was created at the correct endpoint

commit 07d780113402fcd75a78e067d5b42e605241e78a
Author: Daniel Fridkin <danielfridkin@gmail.com>
Date:   Mon Jun 1 22:22:30 2020 -0400

    Add IDE-specific settings

---
## [Starz0r/ChocolateyPackagingScripts](https://github.com/Starz0r/ChocolateyPackagingScripts)@[e7eaf2c7c7...](https://github.com/Starz0r/ChocolateyPackagingScripts/commit/e7eaf2c7c7bfa1ceaa9aebf1e986bcaf7ed01df4)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 19:25:38 by Starz0r

flutter: port script over from PowerShell v5 to Python 3

Google has no sense of consistency when it comes to naming the package, which makes my life hell when trying to figure out how to correctly parse it and turn it into something usable for Chocolatey in Nupkg format. However, given that Google has no clue what they are doing, Chocolatey also figures they won't follow the standard for Nupkgs either, which means we get this ugly mess seen in this file here.

It's absolutely ridiculous, that I'd have to go through this much pain and trouble just to parse every package version from 0.1.0 to 1.19.x, but whatever, who cares how much time was wasted trying to set this up, right? I'll never get that back, but what I will have to get back is the dumb changes I had to do to get this to parse literally everything correctly, ensuring that it only needs to parse things from here onward fine. Now, I'm going to go back to praying that Google doesn't fuck this up again by changing the format of which their version strings are intentionally just to cause me more grief.

---
## [Zwyk/ClassicCraft](https://github.com/Zwyk/ClassicCraft)@[8b31c0df29...](https://github.com/Zwyk/ClassicCraft/commit/8b31c0df293d60477e3bd3e94505e3a666d88737)
#### Wednesday 2020-06-03 22:58:01 by Zwyk

v0.4

Casters support :
- Warlock (SM/DS)
- Shadow Priest (with Wanding)

Magic mitigation (elemental resistance) implemented

Furyprot Tanking supported :
- Uses Defensive Stance only (no Exec switch yet)
- Uses Furyprot spells prio (BT > Revenge > Sunder/HS depending on rage)

New setup values in sim.json :
- UnlimitedMana: [bool]
- UnlimitedResource: [bool] (for energy/rage)
- Tanking: [bool] (on a Warrior, true = Furyprot)
- TankHitRage: [integer] (how much rage you generate each boss hit while tanking)
- TankHitEvery: [integer/double] (how often the boss hits you while tanking)

Feral Druid :
- Some small improvements/fixes.
- RoM supported (just put "rune of metamorphosis" as your trinket's name)

Rogue :
- T0.5 4p support (wear 4+ pieces with "Darkmantle" in their name)

Several fixes thanks to people helping on Discord, thanks guys!

---

# [<](2020-06-02.md) 2020-06-03 [>](2020-06-04.md)

