# [<](2020-11-30.md) 2020-12-01 [>](2020-12-02.md)

3,072,990 events, 1,573,337 push events, 2,434,198 commit messages, 171,888,358 characters


## [ArcticWinter7/Travel-Agencey-webpage](https://github.com/ArcticWinter7/Travel-Agencey-webpage)@[f672e70abe...](https://github.com/ArcticWinter7/Travel-Agencey-webpage/commit/f672e70abef0adb082ed6263a426bf4fe3f1bedf)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 00:52:07 by Neonic-Pheonix

fuck you ben

Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben Fuck you Ben

---
## [AnotherEngineerHere/machine-learning-capstone-project](https://github.com/AnotherEngineerHere/machine-learning-capstone-project)@[d66d7bc0ce...](https://github.com/AnotherEngineerHere/machine-learning-capstone-project/commit/d66d7bc0cebaebaa65374c75550df0fa7c9fe2ed)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 01:33:09 by Andres Orozco

Commit fucked up something repushed

Bloddy hell i hate git

---
## [thecsw/thecsw.github.io](https://github.com/thecsw/thecsw.github.io)@[c6b2c3974e...](https://github.com/thecsw/thecsw.github.io/commit/c6b2c3974ebc06b5117b34af5877ad02dc003144)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 02:23:37 by Astrie Pi

[ASTRIE] Added a new fortune: *** 335; 12020 H.E.

"When you wake up in the morning, Pooh," said Piglet at last, "what's the first thing you say to yourserf?"

"What's for breakfast?" said Pooh. "What do /you/ say, Piglet?"

"I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting /today/?" said Piglet.

Pooh nodded thoughtfully.

"It's the same thing," he said.

---
## [https-github-com-https-github-com-c/yeahmamabad](https://github.com/https-github-com-https-github-com-c/yeahmamabad)@[abde3ffd72...](https://github.com/https-github-com-https-github-com-c/yeahmamabad/commit/abde3ffd724a1a0725caaaead583c1e980fdaec1)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 04:51:05 by 0260665

Create README.md

A SPIRITED TRIP THREW THE PARK
Sunday, November 25, 2007
10:20 PM
 

 
 Pissing in the toilet I noticed skulls appearing in the bubbles of my urine; they were multicolored and that's funny. So I knew all was yet not lost. These are the side effects from the salad of little brown mushrooms I had eaten earlier. From reading mushroom identification guides they'll tell you to leave little brown mushrooms alone, not to eat them; Because they are too difficult to identity, even for expert mycologist's. L.B.M.'s as they are known for short, can be ediable, poisonous, and/or hallucinogenic. The ones I found came from the park, and had a good chance of being all three. I be-leavebeleave this is a new low for irresponsibleirresponceable drug exsperamentors everywhere and that my example could be dangerous to many. It’s a lot to be excited about, though I highly doubt it will cause something as honorable as an epidemic. What lead me to commit such a noble act was simple…I just wanted to know what all the fuss was about. So far I puked twice and crapped a unrulyunrully mess, but now things are feeling much better. Toad stools and majic mushooms, working togeather, do find a happy medium…I think? After all, one can never be surtain of these things and as of yet there is no documentation on the forbidden act to be found. From here on out I will roll on instinct first and rely on common sence when my basic instincts have failed me. A loud knock was at the door and it sounded like the dead eckos of some wretched cript. But I was not scared; scared is not in the nature of someone who eats poision as light hearted as I do. I left the bathroom and walked to the front door. My dog tucker who was born with a sever case of ADHD was there; waggling his tail. I knew this sign of his. I've seen it before. It is a trustworthy sign. A trustworthy sign that says; the shit on the other side of this door is worth rolling around in. Tuckers happiness and excitement was contagious. And it made me curious," who could it be?" I wasn’t exspecting anyone. Opening the door as far as the dead bolt would allow I peered out the door with an inspecting eye ball. Who I saw was a young women. Up and down I examined her ever more closely. Clearly this has to be Alyssa. Alyssa who? Well, Alyssa Baker. Who might she be? Bare with me, I'll tell you the only way I know how right now. 12 months ago I was released from prison after I served 3 years for conspiracy of drug trafficking. I hadn't been feeling well, both metally and physically and durn my annual Check ups with the doctor; I told him about symptoms that have been bothersome; headacks, night sweats, irratiations, the hallow I've been seeing around bright lights, the odd tastes I've been having and then my bizarr thoughts, with mood swings, and realistic dreams. He asked me how long these symptoms have been going on for and I told him for about 10 days. My doctor told me I shouldn't be too conserved about its but if it should get sever or last another 10 days to make another appointment so he can run some tests. Still  he had to assure me of his professional opion that felt nothing was wrong with me. My blood pressure was good; steady heart rate, I had a fit and muscular build. My pupils responded quickly to light. When he pushed on my finger tips my skin color changed rapidly suggesting good vascular dilation. My Knee and elbow reflex hit on que. I’m a dedicated smoker; yet when he listened to my lungs the air passages were clear of flem, with the stethlascope he listened for the sound of rushing water wich would suggest their's an obstruction in my arteryies, but he fond no such sound.  He even goggled my testicles for old times sake, asking me odd first date questions, and told me to choff; checking for hurnias and testicular tumors. With his hand's he pressed on my gut for organmegaly and other abdormalityies. Everything seemed to be fine. Leaving his clinic with a clean bill of health, I still wasn't confident that all was well. What I did next was seek a 2nd opinion and went to a acquaintances house. The house of a doctor.  A gurue or as some call him a genius. He had a lovely home. Inside, the living room was sunk down and all around the ledge were pillows of all sorts of shapes and colors. This man wasted no time telling me how lucky I am to be his patent and how he is brillant at all things. I took it with a grain of salt. He is right on at least one account so far. It wasnt easy to get seen by him. I had to pull some strings and used some favors to even have a chance. My luck got me here. The man told me to have a seat, while he lit candles and incants he said," I combine the best of medical western science with the art of black magic. In the center of the living room their was a coffee table. On the coffee table sat a pipe. The pipe was a long India peace pipe, with figures etched on it. The figures were that of eagles and half human like faces. The pipe had a large stone bowl. The stone was red in color and I knew it was from pipe mountain. Pipe mountain is a sacred place in what is now the state of Minnesota 'for the native American people. Over a millenia hundreds of thousand of Indian tribes trailed vast distance for the unique, red colored stone sought after for the purpose of making pipes with. No other place on earth as this particular stone and it's source is heavily guarded today. He filled the large bowl with tobacco and asked me to smoke. I lit the bowl and took several, deep, long pulls from the pipe, inhaling the richly flavored tobacco smoke into my lungs."that's, it" he  said" Your doing well... Now listen carefully" He instructed “I want you to visualize the smoke as it enters your body and invision the smoke manifesting it's self inside of you; sort of like your soul. Give the smoke total access to who you are and let it become you. Once you have allowed this release the smoke as if it is no longer just smoke but smoke inscribed with a divine message. With this New smoke you will communicate with the underworld and to the spirits that live there, if you explain your self full heartedly, and the spirits approve and except you then I will help you understand what they say by mediating for you. Do you understand?” He asked and I told him "yes" following his instruction the best I new how I immersed myself in this sarramonial act of smoking. As I smoked he explained" weather you beleave it or not everything and everyone in this living world has a spirit. Some greater than others. As one lives longer the spirit will often get lost. The spirit is so lost sometime that it will begin to corrupt the living organizing as well and soon both will be astray unable to help the other as their purpose was meant to, and instead they only intangle them self's. When this happen's the only way to fix the damage done is by summoning the aid and powers of a even greater spirit. The force from the spirit guides are needed. Every human being was originally born with the helping hand of their Spirit guide. These guides are responsible for many such talents and gifts mankind is in possession of...All in life: animals, plants, trees, fruits, vetables, herbs and spice's, and the plethora of medicinal alkaloids. Each known and unknown elements, the bound and unbound energies of earth, wind, water, and fire. All of are ancestor from the birth of time. Apsolutely everything in this world is born from and destined in death to become once again part of this other world.  It  exzists in part to keep record of all earthling doings and to hold in safe keeping the many different forms of spirits found there until a use or purpose awaits them once again .It is a infinite world like are with the exception that time, death, and life doesn't exist in a physical since or coarse. It is total accumulation of thoughts, actions, and progress outside of now. Both the past and future and yet neither at the same time. A very confusing place that as more is understood only more questions are revieled. This world is so confusing to us because in it holds knowledge far to great for mortal man. It potentional has the danger to curse anyone that attemps to harness it's power. But the wisdom of this place does flow out into are world by means of are guiding spirits. They hold the key to are beginning and they too hold the key durn are life as well. Waiting to open the doors of your consencness and self awareness of your surrounding. They are the key to understanding your self. I was inchanted by his seemingly endless knowledge. Never have I heard such things as what he told me and I was only able to except it as truth because it made sense to me in my soul. I repeated the Sara moved act of inhaling and exhaling the smoke and he said "That's enuff, you are finished "my eyelids had been closed during my session and I opened them up in a slow, tranquil way. "The spirits are impressed ; You show great iemplttude towards life and this pleases them. The openness and depth of your spirit has learned by it's self how to channel energy remarkably advanced for someone as young as you. So much to tell you, So much I can't, so much you'll have to find out on your own. The reading was comprehensive, more than I can exsplain to you. But the good news is I can help you help your self.  I didn't know what to make of him now he was beginning to sound like a gipsy terror card freak?" Get up" he said to me "follow me outside, were just getting started with you." I fallowed him outside into his back yard. The back yard extended far across a large open garden. On each side of this garden was a field of wild flowers and to the other a lake. At the far side of the garden and was the edge of a forest; with massive hardwoods. This edge was  sparce, easily walk able, with big open spaces between the hard wood. The deeper into this forest you walked; ferns became more abundant until the forest floor became congested with coniferous and decidious pines as it became a dense inpenetrable wall. He lead me to a spot of gigantic bolders. Some 25 feet high and 12 feet wide. Most were waist high, with a smooth flat surfaces. Natural I jumped up onto the Nearest one for a seat, He did the same and said, Brandon, If you arnt aware of this already I feel obligated to inform my self. To say that your special is a understatement, individually you could, by your self change the world. As for how, when "or why I do not have the answers for. The most important thing I can tell you is that your greatest danger is from within. let me explain it to you like this; a human brain is a living bundle of cells connected together by trillions of nerves, like wires.  These connections continue to form into old age, much longer than Sieace originally beleaved. These connection are made in part out of dendrites. Now in your case; the dendrites in your skull have been formed strangle; to some spots their waived loosely and in other spots they have formed tightly. The effect is like a blanket knoted up in the center and fraying on it's edges. My diagnosis is conclusive of a seriously ill man, who's prone to and increasingly subseptiable to madness!)shocked, I asked "so it's your profession opinion that I am crazy! 2)He said “No, not at all , actually you are fear from crazy, but the consequences of developing in the environment you live in has disrupted the natural process of things. Over stressing your nervous system as triggered a dormant genetic trait. The trait is madness. The madness is unpredictable in herently and will come and go , but it also could turn on and never turn off again. The spirits want you to be careful. To not overburden your self or get involved with any behavior wich could provoke madness. "I was insulted" tell me more about this madness”He said" The madness is caused by weakness in your mind. This weakness in your case, is from an organic origin, but is compounded by a over worked mind. When the mind is weak and over worked; demons compensate. Once they reach a surtin level of control their able to control you in many ways, both physically and mentally. "I asked" what can I do to prevent it?" he said" Well nothing will positively prevent anything, but it helps when you devote time set asides for harmonizing with the universe. And it's also good to avoid situations wich will over stimulate you; thing wich cause hyperexcitability!” I asked " what's the worst thing demon can do to me?" he said “The worst is the physical aliments” I was alarmed" Actual physical problems?" He affirmed “yes, tiny things like headaches or even morbid deaseas wich will kill you? I asked "Real physical death?" he said" yes Brandon, death of your body and the dieing of your flesh ?"I didn't like this guy anymore. I wished I Never came here. I wish it didnt frighten me so much. Deciding I wanted to go home now I thanked him for his survive "He opreseated the acknowledgment, and I left with all the new things I’d learned. At home I was having dinner with my family. As my loved ones and I eat a argument started over what I'm planing to do with my life. I remember seeing red 'then blank... I remembered nothing after that. I woke in a hospital; lying in 'a hospital bed, monitors all around, and I.V.'s in my arm. In the hospital room my mother and father greeted my awakening with tears of happiness “thought we lost you for good'! they said as they hugged me. My head hurt with a pounding headache. The light bulbs around the room were acompanyied by bright halows and worst of all, I had a nasty taste in my mouth;  this all created a bizzar sensation. These were the symptoms I talked about with my doctor.  Looking at my mom.  feeling more awake, I noticed  she had red, watery eyes, and on top of that she appeared to be upset both deeply and emotionally. Whatever this was this was bad news. Not only was it just my mom, but my dad too its looked as if he'd seen a gost; with a blank expression on his face to see my parents like this was upsetting and I asked" what's going on?! what happened?!  slowly my mom told me what happened, Sobing she said "Brandon, you got angrey, yelling at us, telling everyone of us how were crazy and we should just leave you alone..." my mom begun crying harder "Then all of sudden you fell down to the ground, instantly, like you had a heart attack. On the floor you went into grand mal seizures; convulsing and enable to breath. we did all we could; dialing all for help and raping your head in a blanket to pad your head as it banged into the hard floor. We thought maybe your having a drug over dose but None of Us New for sure r. until... we arrived here and the doctor told us. . . "she broke into a hysterical cry. I demanded" told you what?!" but she didn't answer. Her hysteria made me both sad and scared and I didn't know which was worse. At this moment a doctor entered the Room .He asked for my parents to leave the room. a nurse escorted my parent out into the visitor lobby. The doctor and I now were alone, in private. I asked'' why is my mom so upset ? ! " what's the problem?! tell me!" He said Calm down Brandon, you need to relays)I yelled" Go fuck yourself, I calm down once I Know what the funks going on!) He paused, took a deep breath and said" Theirs No easy way of telling you. you have a brain tumor is what caused the sezurers! I was caught up by disbelief.I didn't beleave it. This isn't Real. This is not happening. Then the words: Brain tumor, sunk into my head as I consencly thought about it. "what does this mean doc? Brain tumor?" next to me he sat on the bed and struggling to show sympathy the said, eyes, you have a large tumor the size of a golf ball asbestoses nestled in-between your hippocampus and right temperalobe" immediately I asked "what does this mean for one? what does it mean for my family? Hows this going to effect my life?" He said" I'm sorry to say we just don't Know yet. We still have to run tests yet, but theirs a chance we could operate. The risk of operation on something involving this much brain matter is a challenge to over come by its self!! "I looked at the doctor with pathetic Strength" I don't want any operation done on my brain. What is going to happen to me?”  The doctor look away from my eyes, down at the floor, and said" It's not good... Brandon 'the truth is ...the nasty truth about this is this will effect your life. As for how long you have  or how soon the next episode will acquires Theirs too many unknowns to give you any answers or to make any perditions.MR. Marek, you may live with this several years or perhaps even finish your life without any significant afliction or it could just as easily Kill you at any moment. The tricky thing about this tumor is it's grown around the blood vessels in your head and If those vessels burst, bam! it would Kill you instantly or put you into a Como. from which you'd Never awake from." I was listen to my doctor explaining to me anyone's greatest fear. That the Silery bonds of life "could at any moment, give way into oblivion. I asked Does my family Know about this?" He said "Yes, they do" I said "do they Know how sever the Condition is?" He said" We informed them that a abnormal growth of tissue was found in your brain Scan'! MY whole body shock with rage as I wished some how I could spare them of any pain from this turning my helplessness into a hate at god for doing this to me. I asked the doctor to give me something for the pain I was in. He wrote out a script that he gave to the nurse. The nurse returned with 30 fentanyl sucker. Sucking the pain Killing medicine felt receiving and I asked to be left alone. Before the doctor left I requested that he tell my parents that I'll be fine and that theirs nothing to worry about. For a moment I could see him resist and I insisted" Just do it Doc?" They don't need to suffer too, not yet." I could tell by the look in his eye that he understood.  later, my parents returned . By now I was deeply under the spell of the drug, what I remember is telling how everythings going to be fine and to not worry, as I slipped off into a drug induced steep.  the Next day I awoke confused , Perhaps it was all a bad dream. I could have beleave this if it wasnt for the fact that I was still in the hospital. I New this was for real, and I made a promise with myself to leave everyday as if it were my last day alive. I signed myself out of the hospital against Doctors orders. At home I begun the daughting task of prioritizing what I should do. I didn't Know what to do and popping all these pain pills didn't help my ambison. I didn't want to do anything at all. The Next day I made a disission to go back to the Voodoo healer. At his house he said that he Knew I'd be back. I asked him if he Knew about the tumor and he told me he did when I asked how come he didn't tell me he said the spirits knew I wasn't ready yet -He lead me into his sunken living room again wherewe both sat a chaffed on the peace pipe. He asked "Do you want to enter into the spirit world?"I thought a moment and after deciding I have nothing to Losse I said" yes! He got up in a hurry" Goods then we will prepare your soul if your still willing-you'll have to parties spate in the ritual. I told him" If it give's me any answers that will help me out I'm willing to partake in just about anything at this point! he went into his Kitchen and when he returned He had an assortment of glass stained bottles! I asked "Whats all that for" and he said "save your questions "I didn't question anything, at this point I figured the best thing for me to do is trust that this guy Knows what he's doing. The wonderful) pain pill I've been poping like tic-tac's makes trusting easy. Most the day went by as he prepared the ritual. He sent me off to gather wood for a bomb fire pit near the borders. By the time nightfall came I managed to build a massive heap of timber together for the fire. The fire would be nice on the lake. His Next job for me was to relax and smoke all the tobacco I can smoke. With pleaser I smoked and in combination with the pain pills , doing so was guarana. Before I Knew it everything was ready. he had me lay on top of this quilt 4-5 feet away from the fire. The fire was raging along and he set a Kettle filled with water in amongst the flames until steaming hot with boiling water .He brought the Kettle out of the flames and set it on a large boulder. The large boulder also had roots, dried herbs, and the many glass stained bottle on it, Into the Kettle he added his different roots, plants, and other ingredients from the bottles the smell of the potion as it simmered was intoxicating. Next he poured me a glass of from the Kettle and lit a thatch of tobacco beat. the mood was set nows with smells, smoke,  in complete darkness except for the fire . He brought the glass over to me and arise I exchange him with the pipe for it. Holding the glass with both my hands 'looking at him, him looking at me she said" Drink it slowly, but make sure you drink all of it'! I couldn't resist asking This isn't going to kill me is it?" the said "It's best that you trust it wont I thought that was a odd answer, was that a yes. or a no? looking into the glass at the concoction it held, it had the smell of toxic waste. "what the hell? I said to myself "bottom up" pressing the glass to x the lips of my open mouth I tilted it up to the treasons . The bitter liquid flowed down my throughout ; the taste was g aging, and I almost puked it up, but just as t was ready to heave the feeling disappeared on its way to my belly. My stomach suddenly soothed away any response my body had in rejecting it. I drank every last bit without leaving a drop. Instinctively I set the glass down and layed myself down flat on the quilt. On a drum streach out Bas with buffalo hide, he began to drum a rhythmic beat. A tribe beat, that had the effect op of placing me into a trance. He cheated words I didn’t understand and I became sleepy-my breath became short gasps. It was getting very difficult to breath. Is t felt as if a belt was fighting over my chest, with was frightening. I tried to get up and move, but I couldn’t. I was panning, but helpless, I could not struggle free from this state. I was panelized. I tried to talk ‘then scream, but not a sound came from my mouth. My exe were the only part of my body I had control over ; Wide open they Surched to undo what had been dome. Soon I felt them too fall out of my control as well. As my exes closed shut c I could No longer seething directly ‘only what light printed thew my eyelids. What I saw was the orange I radish glow from the fire slipping past the skin of my eye libels . My sense of hearing was as Keen as ever. Clinging to every sound my next thought were said this be how I die? A toss up between a heart attack or will I stop breathing first? All my services started to merge into a new mixed since. I could see the rythem of the drum beat, like words on paper. This since turned very dream like. Everything began to re amerce again. I saw the stars in the sky. I saw the fire. I even seen myself laying on the quilt. I saw this no good bastard blowing smoke and beating on the drum. Then I saw it… My spirit guide. It looked like a cross between a human being and of all things, a painted turtle. The turtle asked me to dim onto it’s shell, I did, atoms The turtle crawled down by the lake. Walking into the water I was still clung on its back as it went underwater. Under water it swam with the fish. Their were many fish with colors as vast as any rainbow. Under the water I had the feeling of weightlessness. Never in my life had I experienced anything like this. I was able to breath the water as easy by as IB breathing air. The spirit guide Blot floated back up to the surface we were no booger in Wisconsin anymore. The turtle swam ashore. Once back on (and I climbed off it’s back. It was still night bat and off in the distance were fall mountains. “where are we?” I asked my guide “This is were you aught to b e” “where is this?” “Oragon “ “this is Oragon” “I’ve Never been to Orason before’ “I Known Being in this place was peaceful Ja peacefulness like I found with pills only this felt real. “soul The guide said” so what! “so what would you like to Know? Do you want to Know your future? How about when your going to die?” whatever you want of Know , ask , and I’ll tell you before this exasperate I would of asked the guide those exact questions and more. But this place seemed to solve all my questions without the Need of answers. I looked at my spirit guide and asked NI have a question, can I stay here? Plea , e I can I just lay down and stay right here?” My guide said “Sure you can, but not now, not with me it or must find this place on your own before it can be yours “ fair eauff I thought” Tell me then, how do I get here on my own? Tell me what I have to do” The spirit guide said” The first step is to get you beck into your flesh Then you trust your feet to lead you on your journey. If xo do your heart will lead you back to this place . II reflected on this moment and made it my goal to find my way back here! And I said to my guild “I’m ready to go back now” My guide asked Are you sure? Don’t 400 want to see anything else?” t said “You’ve Showa me all I’ve ever wanted already , a place where I can find real peace”. My guide said” So be it, fair enuff for me as long as it is for you!
 
A SPIRITED TRIP THREW THE PARK
Sunday, November 25, 2007
10:20 PM
 

 
 Pissing in the toilet I noticed skulls appearing in the bubbles of my urine; they were multicolored and that's funny. So I knew all was yet not lost. These are the side effects from the salad of little brown mushrooms I had eaten earlier. From reading mushroom identification guides they'll tell you to leave little brown mushrooms alone, not to eat them; Because they are too difficult to identity, even for expert mycologist's. L.B.M.'s as they are known for short, can be ediable, poisonous, and/or hallucinogenic. The ones I found came from the park, and had a good chance of being all three. I be-leavebeleave this is a new low for irresponsibleirresponceable drug exsperamentors everywhere and that my example could be dangerous to many. It’s a lot to be excited about, though I highly doubt it will cause something as honorable as an epidemic. What lead me to commit such a noble act was simple…I just wanted to know what all the fuss was about. So far I puked twice and crapped a unrulyunrully mess, but now things are feeling much better. Toad stools and majic mushooms, working togeather, do find a happy medium…I think? After all, one can never be surtain of these things and as of yet there is no documentation on the forbidden act to be found. From here on out I will roll on instinct first and rely on common sence when my basic instincts have failed me. A loud knock was at the door and it sounded like the dead eckos of some wretched cript. But I was not scared; scared is not in the nature of someone who eats poision as light hearted as I do. I left the bathroom and walked to the front door. My dog tucker who was born with a sever case of ADHD was there; waggling his tail. I knew this sign of his. I've seen it before. It is a trustworthy sign. A trustworthy sign that says; the shit on the other side of this door is worth rolling around in. Tuckers happiness and excitement was contagious. And it made me curious," who could it be?" I wasn’t exspecting anyone. Opening the door as far as the dead bolt would allow I peered out the door with an inspecting eye ball. Who I saw was a young women. Up and down I examined her ever more closely. Clearly this has to be Alyssa. Alyssa who? Well, Alyssa Baker. Who might she be? Bare with me, I'll tell you the only way I know how right now. 12 months ago I was released from prison after I served 3 years for conspiracy of drug trafficking. I hadn't been feeling well, both metally and physically and durn my annual Check ups with the doctor; I told him about symptoms that have been bothersome; headacks, night sweats, irratiations, the hallow I've been seeing around bright lights, the odd tastes I've been having and then my bizarr thoughts, with mood swings, and realistic dreams. He asked me how long these symptoms have been going on for and I told him for about 10 days. My doctor told me I shouldn't be too conserved about its but if it should get sever or last another 10 days to make another appointment so he can run some tests. Still  he had to assure me of his professional opion that felt nothing was wrong with me. My blood pressure was good; steady heart rate, I had a fit and muscular build. My pupils responded quickly to light. When he pushed on my finger tips my skin color changed rapidly suggesting good vascular dilation. My Knee and elbow reflex hit on que. I’m a dedicated smoker; yet when he listened to my lungs the air passages were clear of flem, with the stethlascope he listened for the sound of rushing water wich would suggest their's an obstruction in my arteryies, but he fond no such sound.  He even goggled my testicles for old times sake, asking me odd first date questions, and told me to choff; checking for hurnias and testicular tumors. With his hand's he pressed on my gut for organmegaly and other abdormalityies. Everything seemed to be fine. Leaving his clinic with a clean bill of health, I still wasn't confident that all was well. What I did next was seek a 2nd opinion and went to a acquaintances house. The house of a doctor.  A gurue or as some call him a genius. He had a lovely home. Inside, the living room was sunk down and all around the ledge were pillows of all sorts of shapes and colors. This man wasted no time telling me how lucky I am to be his patent and how he is brillant at all things. I took it with a grain of salt. He is right on at least one account so far. It wasnt easy to get seen by him. I had to pull some strings and used some favors to even have a chance. My luck got me here. The man told me to have a seat, while he lit candles and incants he said," I combine the best of medical western science with the art of black magic. In the center of the living room their was a coffee table. On the coffee table sat a pipe. The pipe was a long India peace pipe, with figures etched on it. The figures were that of eagles and half human like faces. The pipe had a large stone bowl. The stone was red in color and I knew it was from pipe mountain. Pipe mountain is a sacred place in what is now the state of Minnesota 'for the native American people. Over a millenia hundreds of thousand of Indian tribes trailed vast distance for the unique, red colored stone sought after for the purpose of making pipes with. No other place on earth as this particular stone and it's source is heavily guarded today. He filled the large bowl with tobacco and asked me to smoke. I lit the bowl and took several, deep, long pulls from the pipe, inhaling the richly flavored tobacco smoke into my lungs."that's, it" he  said" Your doing well... Now listen carefully" He instructed “I want you to visualize the smoke as it enters your body and invision the smoke manifesting it's self inside of you; sort of like your soul. Give the smoke total access to who you are and let it become you. Once you have allowed this release the smoke as if it is no longer just smoke but smoke inscribed with a divine message. With this New smoke you will communicate with the underworld and to the spirits that live there, if you explain your self full heartedly, and the spirits approve and except you then I will help you understand what they say by mediating for you. Do you understand?” He asked and I told him "yes" following his instruction the best I new how I immersed myself in this sarramonial act of smoking. As I smoked he explained" weather you beleave it or not everything and everyone in this living world has a spirit. Some greater than others. As one lives longer the spirit will often get lost. The spirit is so lost sometime that it will begin to corrupt the living organizing as well and soon both will be astray unable to help the other as their purpose was meant to, and instead they only intangle them self's. When this happen's the only way to fix the damage done is by summoning the aid and powers of a even greater spirit. The force from the spirit guides are needed. Every human being was originally born with the helping hand of their Spirit guide. These guides are responsible for many such talents and gifts mankind is in possession of...All in life: animals, plants, trees, fruits, vetables, herbs and spice's, and the plethora of medicinal alkaloids. Each known and unknown elements, the bound and unbound energies of earth, wind, water, and fire. All of are ancestor from the birth of time. Apsolutely everything in this world is born from and destined in death to become once again part of this other world.  It  exzists in part to keep record of all earthling doings and to hold in safe keeping the many different forms of spirits found there until a use or purpose awaits them once again .It is a infinite world like are with the exception that time, death, and life doesn't exist in a physical since or coarse. It is total accumulation of thoughts, actions, and progress outside of now. Both the past and future and yet neither at the same time. A very confusing place that as more is understood only more questions are revieled. This world is so confusing to us because in it holds knowledge far to great for mortal man. It potentional has the danger to curse anyone that attemps to harness it's power. But the wisdom of this place does flow out into are world by means of are guiding spirits. They hold the key to are beginning and they too hold the key durn are life as well. Waiting to open the doors of your consencness and self awareness of your surrounding. They are the key to understanding your self. I was inchanted by his seemingly endless knowledge. Never have I heard such things as what he told me and I was only able to except it as truth because it made sense to me in my soul. I repeated the Sara moved act of inhaling and exhaling the smoke and he said "That's enuff, you are finished "my eyelids had been closed during my session and I opened them up in a slow, tranquil way. "The spirits are impressed ; You show great iemplttude towards life and this pleases them. The openness and depth of your spirit has learned by it's self how to channel energy remarkably advanced for someone as young as you. So much to tell you, So much I can't, so much you'll have to find out on your own. The reading was comprehensive, more than I can exsplain to you. But the good news is I can help you help your self.  I didn't know what to make of him now he was beginning to sound like a gipsy terror card freak?" Get up" he said to me "follow me outside, were just getting started with you." I fallowed him outside into his back yard. The back yard extended far across a large open garden. On each side of this garden was a field of wild flowers and to the other a lake. At the far side of the garden and was the edge of a forest; with massive hardwoods. This edge was  sparce, easily walk able, with big open spaces between the hard wood. The deeper into this forest you walked; ferns became more abundant until the forest floor became congested with coniferous and decidious pines as it became a dense inpenetrable wall. He lead me to a spot of gigantic bolders. Some 25 feet high and 12 feet wide. Most were waist high, with a smooth flat surfaces. Natural I jumped up onto the Nearest one for a seat, He did the same and said, Brandon, If you arnt aware of this already I feel obligated to inform my self. To say that your special is a understatement, individually you could, by your self change the world. As for how, when "or why I do not have the answers for. The most important thing I can tell you is that your greatest danger is from within. let me explain it to you like this; a human brain is a living bundle of cells connected together by trillions of nerves, like wires.  These connections continue to form into old age, much longer than Sieace originally beleaved. These connection are made in part out of dendrites. Now in your case; the dendrites in your skull have been formed strangle; to some spots their waived loosely and in other spots they have formed tightly. The effect is like a blanket knoted up in the center and fraying on it's edges. My diagnosis is conclusive of a seriously ill man, who's prone to and increasingly subseptiable to madness!)shocked, I asked "so it's your profession opinion that I am crazy! 2)He said “No, not at all , actually you are fear from crazy, but the consequences of developing in the environment you live in has disrupted the natural process of things. Over stressing your nervous system as triggered a dormant genetic trait. The trait is madness. The madness is unpredictable in herently and will come and go , but it also could turn on and never turn off again. The spirits want you to be careful. To not overburden your self or get involved with any behavior wich could provoke madness. "I was insulted" tell me more about this madness”He said" The madness is caused by weakness in your mind. This weakness in your case, is from an organic origin, but is compounded by a over worked mind. When the mind is weak and over worked; demons compensate. Once they reach a surtin level of control their able to control you in many ways, both physically and mentally. "I asked" what can I do to prevent it?" he said" Well nothing will positively prevent anything, but it helps when you devote time set asides for harmonizing with the universe. And it's also good to avoid situations wich will over stimulate you; thing wich cause hyperexcitability!” I asked " what's the worst thing demon can do to me?" he said “The worst is the physical aliments” I was alarmed" Actual physical problems?" He affirmed “yes, tiny things like headaches or even morbid deaseas wich will kill you? I asked "Real physical death?" he said" yes Brandon, death of your body and the dieing of your flesh ?"I didn't like this guy anymore. I wished I Never came here. I wish it didnt frighten me so much. Deciding I wanted to go home now I thanked him for his survive "He opreseated the acknowledgment, and I left with all the new things I’d learned. At home I was having dinner with my family. As my loved ones and I eat a argument started over what I'm planing to do with my life. I remember seeing red 'then blank... I remembered nothing after that. I woke in a hospital; lying in 'a hospital bed, monitors all around, and I.V.'s in my arm. In the hospital room my mother and father greeted my awakening with tears of happiness “thought we lost you for good'! they said as they hugged me. My head hurt with a pounding headache. The light bulbs around the room were acompanyied by bright halows and worst of all, I had a nasty taste in my mouth;  this all created a bizzar sensation. These were the symptoms I talked about with my doctor.  Looking at my mom.  feeling more awake, I noticed  she had red, watery eyes, and on top of that she appeared to be upset both deeply and emotionally. Whatever this was this was bad news. Not only was it just my mom, but my dad too its looked as if he'd seen a gost; with a blank expression on his face to see my parents like this was upsetting and I asked" what's going on?! what happened?!  slowly my mom told me what happened, Sobing she said "Brandon, you got angrey, yelling at us, telling everyone of us how were crazy and we should just leave you alone..." my mom begun crying harder "Then all of sudden you fell down to the ground, instantly, like you had a heart attack. On the floor you went into grand mal seizures; convulsing and enable to breath. we did all we could; dialing all for help and raping your head in a blanket to pad your head as it banged into the hard floor. We thought maybe your having a drug over dose but None of Us New for sure r. until... we arrived here and the doctor told us. . . "she broke into a hysterical cry. I demanded" told you what?!" but she didn't answer. Her hysteria made me both sad and scared and I didn't know which was worse. At this moment a doctor entered the Room .He asked for my parents to leave the room. a nurse escorted my parent out into the visitor lobby. The doctor and I now were alone, in private. I asked'' why is my mom so upset ? ! " what's the problem?! tell me!" He said Calm down Brandon, you need to relays)I yelled" Go fuck yourself, I calm down once I Know what the funks going on!) He paused, took a deep breath and said" Theirs No easy way of telling you. you have a brain tumor is what caused the sezurers! I was caught up by disbelief.I didn't beleave it. This isn't Real. This is not happening. Then the words: Brain tumor, sunk into my head as I consencly thought about it. "what does this mean doc? Brain tumor?" next to me he sat on the bed and struggling to show sympathy the said, eyes, you have a large tumor the size of a golf ball asbestoses nestled in-between your hippocampus and right temperalobe" immediately I asked "what does this mean for one? what does it mean for my family? Hows this going to effect my life?" He said" I'm sorry to say we just don't Know yet. We still have to run tests yet, but theirs a chance we could operate. The risk of operation on something involving this much brain matter is a challenge to over come by its self!! "I looked at the doctor with pathetic Strength" I don't want any operation done on my brain. What is going to happen to me?”  The doctor look away from my eyes, down at the floor, and said" It's not good... Brandon 'the truth is ...the nasty truth about this is this will effect your life. As for how long you have  or how soon the next episode will acquires Theirs too many unknowns to give you any answers or to make any perditions.MR. Marek, you may live with this several years or perhaps even finish your life without any significant afliction or it could just as easily Kill you at any moment. The tricky thing about this tumor is it's grown around the blood vessels in your head and If those vessels burst, bam! it would Kill you instantly or put you into a Como. from which you'd Never awake from." I was listen to my doctor explaining to me anyone's greatest fear. That the Silery bonds of life "could at any moment, give way into oblivion. I asked Does my family Know about this?" He said "Yes, they do" I said "do they Know how sever the Condition is?" He said" We informed them that a abnormal growth of tissue was found in your brain Scan'! MY whole body shock with rage as I wished some how I could spare them of any pain from this turning my helplessness into a hate at god for doing this to me. I asked the doctor to give me something for the pain I was in. He wrote out a script that he gave to the nurse. The nurse returned with 30 fentanyl sucker. Sucking the pain Killing medicine felt receiving and I asked to be left alone. Before the doctor left I requested that he tell my parents that I'll be fine and that theirs nothing to worry about. For a moment I could see him resist and I insisted" Just do it Doc?" They don't need to suffer too, not yet." I could tell by the look in his eye that he understood.  later, my parents returned . By now I was deeply under the spell of the drug, what I remember is telling how everythings going to be fine and to not worry, as I slipped off into a drug induced steep.  the Next day I awoke confused , Perhaps it was all a bad dream. I could have beleave this if it wasnt for the fact that I was still in the hospital. I New this was for real, and I made a promise with myself to leave everyday as if it were my last day alive. I signed myself out of the hospital against Doctors orders. At home I begun the daughting task of prioritizing what I should do. I didn't Know what to do and popping all these pain pills didn't help my ambison. I didn't want to do anything at all. The Next day I made a disission to go back to the Voodoo healer. At his house he said that he Knew I'd be back. I asked him if he Knew about the tumor and he told me he did when I asked how come he didn't tell me he said the spirits knew I wasn't ready yet -He lead me into his sunken living room again wherewe both sat a chaffed on the peace pipe. He asked "Do you want to enter into the spirit world?"I thought a moment and after deciding I have nothing to Losse I said" yes! He got up in a hurry" Goods then we will prepare your soul if your still willing-you'll have to parties spate in the ritual. I told him" If it give's me any answers that will help me out I'm willing to partake in just about anything at this point! he went into his Kitchen and when he returned He had an assortment of glass stained bottles! I asked "Whats all that for" and he said "save your questions "I didn't question anything, at this point I figured the best thing for me to do is trust that this guy Knows what he's doing. The wonderful) pain pill I've been poping like tic-tac's makes trusting easy. Most the day went by as he prepared the ritual. He sent me off to gather wood for a bomb fire pit near the borders. By the time nightfall came I managed to build a massive heap of timber together for the fire. The fire would be nice on the lake. His Next job for me was to relax and smoke all the tobacco I can smoke. With pleaser I smoked and in combination with the pain pills , doing so was guarana. Before I Knew it everything was ready. he had me lay on top of this quilt 4-5 feet away from the fire. The fire was raging along and he set a Kettle filled with water in amongst the flames until steaming hot with boiling water .He brought the Kettle out of the flames and set it on a large boulder. The large boulder also had roots, dried herbs, and the many glass stained bottle on it, Into the Kettle he added his different roots, plants, and other ingredients from the bottles the smell of the potion as it simmered was intoxicating. Next he poured me a glass of from the Kettle and lit a thatch of tobacco beat. the mood was set nows with smells, smoke,  in complete darkness except for the fire . He brought the glass over to me and arise I exchange him with the pipe for it. Holding the glass with both my hands 'looking at him, him looking at me she said" Drink it slowly, but make sure you drink all of it'! I couldn't resist asking This isn't going to kill me is it?" the said "It's best that you trust it wont I thought that was a odd answer, was that a yes. or a no? looking into the glass at the concoction it held, it had the smell of toxic waste. "what the hell? I said to myself "bottom up" pressing the glass to x the lips of my open mouth I tilted it up to the treasons . The bitter liquid flowed down my throughout ; the taste was g aging, and I almost puked it up, but just as t was ready to heave the feeling disappeared on its way to my belly. My stomach suddenly soothed away any response my body had in rejecting it. I drank every last bit without leaving a drop. Instinctively I set the glass down and layed myself down flat on the quilt. On a drum streach out Bas with buffalo hide, he began to drum a rhythmic beat. A tribe beat, that had the effect op of placing me into a trance. He cheated words I didn’t understand and I became sleepy-my breath became short gasps. It was getting very difficult to breath. Is t felt as if a belt was fighting over my chest, with was frightening. I tried to get up and move, but I couldn’t. I was panning, but helpless, I could not struggle free from this state. I was panelized. I tried to talk ‘then scream, but not a sound came from my mouth. My exe were the only part of my body I had control over ; Wide open they Surched to undo what had been dome. Soon I felt them too fall out of my control as well. As my exes closed shut c I could No longer seething directly ‘only what light printed thew my eyelids. What I saw was the orange I radish glow from the fire slipping past the skin of my eye libels . My sense of hearing was as Keen as ever. Clinging to every sound my next thought were said this be how I die? A toss up between a heart attack or will I stop breathing first? All my services started to merge into a new mixed since. I could see the rythem of the drum beat, like words on paper. This since turned very dream like. Everything began to re amerce again. I saw the stars in the sky. I saw the fire. I even seen myself laying on the quilt. I saw this no good bastard blowing smoke and beating on the drum. Then I saw it… My spirit guide. It looked like a cross between a human being and of all things, a painted turtle. The turtle asked me to dim onto it’s shell, I did, atoms The turtle crawled down by the lake. Walking into the water I was still clung on its back as it went underwater. Under water it swam with the fish. Their were many fish with colors as vast as any rainbow. Under the water I had the feeling of weightlessness. Never in my life had I experienced anything like this. I was able to breath the water as easy by as IB breathing air. The spirit guide Blot floated back up to the surface we were no booger in Wisconsin anymore. The turtle swam ashore. Once back on (and I climbed off it’s back. It was still night bat and off in the distance were fall mountains. “where are we?” I asked my guide “This is were you aught to b e” “where is this?” “Oragon “ “this is Oragon” “I’ve Never been to Orason before’ “I Known Being in this place was peaceful Ja peacefulness like I found with pills only this felt real. “soul The guide said” so what! “so what would you like to Know? Do you want to Know your future? How about when your going to die?” whatever you want of Know , ask , and I’ll tell you before this exasperate I would of asked the guide those exact questions and more. But this place seemed to solve all my questions without the Need of answers. I looked at my spirit guide and asked NI have a question, can I stay here? Plea , e I can I just lay down and stay right here?” My guide said “Sure you can, but not now, not with me it or must find this place on your own before it can be yours “ fair eauff I thought” Tell me then, how do I get here on my own? Tell me what I have to do” The spirit guide said” The first step is to get you beck into your flesh Then you trust your feet to lead you on your journey. If xo do your heart will lead you back to this place . II reflected on this moment and made it my goal to find my way back here! And I said to my guild “I’m ready to go back now” My guide asked Are you sure? Don’t 400 want to see anything else?” t said “You’ve Showa me all I’ve ever wanted already , a place where I can find real peace”. My guide said” So be it, fair enuff for me as long as it is for you!
 

 

 

 
.
 

 
. . . .
 

 


 

 

 
.
 

 
. . . .

---
## [CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole)@[40520dd130...](https://github.com/CluckeyMcCormick/fictional-guacamole/commit/40520dd1308a43786f9f2c2972405ef880cc6e34)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 06:50:47 by frick-nedrickson

Use Sprites for pine trees, not Meshes

As I outlined in previous commits, I really wanted to get rid of the
two near-duplicate versions of PineTree that we had.

I had originally created a 'Simple' version because the Sprites in
Godot were implemented poorly and presented a pretty severe
performance impact. The 'Simple' version used a mesh to avoid this.

However, Godot 3.2.3 eliminated this burden. That meant we could
switch back to the Sprite version. I wanted to use the Sprite version
because it allowed for animations - perhaps we could add wind blowing
leaf animations or night transition animations. I also prefer the
Sprite's manual "pixel size" control.

So, I deleted the PineTreeSimple scene and it's assets.

I also updated the original scene with a new sprite that acts as the
Obstacle Alternate sprite - i.e. what SHOULD be shown through the lens
of one of our "X-Ray" shaders.

And with that, I think I'm satisified with the Viewport Shaders! I've
updated our to-do list. I want to take a second and breathe, do a
documentation push so that the weird intricacies of this project don't
get lost.

---
## [ArmaanLala/Math-2106-Portfolio](https://github.com/ArmaanLala/Math-2106-Portfolio)@[00ce72b53f...](https://github.com/ArmaanLala/Math-2106-Portfolio/commit/00ce72b53f1c2c9d08e21337f32eb77b54e75869)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 06:56:09 by Armaan Lala

When will this pain end? All I want is to be happy in life yet Wade saps away all joy from existing.

---
## [Cephuez/operationX](https://github.com/Cephuez/operationX)@[0d355eda2f...](https://github.com/Cephuez/operationX/commit/0d355eda2f68ea2eeddab9bb2f1e19e6d9a971e2)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 07:03:16 by Cephuez

Game now looks like an actual games :O

Will work on the first level of the game tomorrow morning back I like doing work at the last minute for some reason. I don't know why I have always been doing this the whole 4 years I've been here, but I will make this work. I do promise to change my habit after I graduate, but I don't know. Maybe someday I will put effort into it, but it's really hard. Doing a task like this in a few days is kinda difficult.

Anyways, I will do this in the morning

---
## [hdp1213/AdventOfCode](https://github.com/hdp1213/AdventOfCode)@[a124cb7cfa...](https://github.com/hdp1213/AdventOfCode/commit/a124cb7cfa9a32f4e4efd24a7bae7506c99360be)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 07:11:43 by Harry Poulter

Solve day 01 part 1

God I am not looking forward to the next part however. It seems I've
really kludged myself into a deep, dark hole from which I will find it
very difficult to get myself out of.

I'm also not at the level where I can download the inputs automatically
so I'm staying put with manually copying them in to the inputs/
directory. What a fool. Rust feels so hard. I'm going to regret this
very quickly. God how I wish I was doing this in Python or something
that I'd feel more comfortable in. But, rules are rules. Rust for life
is the go for the next 25 days. Hoo boy.

---
## [ExclusiveLiveBroadcast/Exclusive-live-broadcast](https://github.com/ExclusiveLiveBroadcast/Exclusive-live-broadcast)@[f0eb2d9704...](https://github.com/ExclusiveLiveBroadcast/Exclusive-live-broadcast/commit/f0eb2d97047352c92ae8db0018386a6d30e23909)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 09:57:44 by ExclusiveLiveBroadcast

Update README.md

# Exclusive-live-broadcast
Privacy Policy

We value user privacy. When you use our services, we may collect and use your relevant information. We hope to explain to you through this "Privacy Policy" how we collect, use, store and share this information when using our services, as well as the ways we provide you with access, update, control and protection of this information. This "Privacy Policy" is closely related to the services you use, and I hope you will read it carefully, and if necessary, follow the guidelines of this "Privacy Policy" to make the choices you think are appropriate. We try to express the relevant technical vocabulary in this "Privacy Policy" in a concise and concise manner, and provide links to further explanations for your understanding.

Your use or continued use of our services means that you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions about this "Privacy Policy" or related matters, please contact us at yogvdzfpfpvch@hotmail.com.

Information we may collect

When we provide services, we may collect, store and use the following information about you. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to enjoy some of the services we provide, or you may not be able to achieve the intended effects of the relevant services.

Information you provide

When you use our services, you provide us with relevant personal information, such as phone numbers, emails or bank card numbers, etc.;

The shared information you provide to other parties through our services, and the information stored when you use our services.

Your information shared by other parties

Shared information about you provided by other parties when using our services.

Your information we have obtained

We may collect the following information when you use the service:

Log information refers to the technical information that the system may automatically collect through cookies, web beacons or other methods when you use our services, including:

Device or software information, such as the configuration information provided by your mobile device, web browser or other programs used to access our services, your IP address and the version and device identification code used by the mobile device;

Information searched or browsed when using our services, such as web search terms you use, url addresses of social media pages you visit, and other information and content details you browse or request when using our services;

Information about the mobile applications (APP) and other software you have used, and information about the mobile applications and software you have used;

Location information refers to the information about your location collected when you turn on the device positioning function and use our location-based related services, including:

When you use our service through a mobile device with positioning function, your geographic location information collected through GPS or WiFi;

Real-time information including your geographic location provided by you or other users, such as the information about your location contained in the account information you provide, and shared information uploaded by you or others showing your current or previous geographic location;

You can stop the collection of your geographic location information by turning off the positioning function.

How we may use information

We may use the information collected in the course of providing services to you for the following purposes:

Provide you with services;

When we provide services, it is used for identity verification, customer service, security prevention, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes to ensure the safety of the products and services we provide to you;

Help us design new services and improve our existing services;

To enable us to better understand how you access and use our services, so as to respond to your personalized needs, such as language settings, location settings, personalized help services and instructions, or make other requests to you and other users Response

Provide you with advertisements that are more relevant to you in place of commonly placed advertisements;

Evaluate the effectiveness of advertisements and other promotions and promotional activities in our services and improve them;

Software certification or management software upgrade;

Let you participate in surveys about our products and services.

In order to allow you to have a better experience, improve our services or other purposes you agree to, and subject to relevant laws and regulations, we may collect the information collected through a certain service in a collective or personalized way For our other services. For example, the information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content, or to show you related, non-general push information. If we provide the corresponding options in the relevant service, you can also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by the service for our other services.

How do you access and control your personal information

We will do everything possible to take appropriate technical means to ensure that you can access, update and correct your registration information or other personal information provided when using our services. When accessing, updating, correcting and deleting the aforementioned information, we may require you to verify your identity to ensure account security.

Information we may share

Except for the following circumstances, we will not share your personal information with any third party without your consent:

We may share your personal information with third-party service providers, contractors, and agents (such as communication service providers that send emails or push notifications on our behalf, and map service providers that provide us with location data) (they may not be Located in your jurisdiction) for the following purposes:

Provide you with our services;

To achieve the purposes described in the "How We May Use Information" section;

Fulfill our obligations in this "Privacy Policy" and exercise our rights;

Understand, maintain and improve our services.

If we share your personal information with any of the aforementioned third parties, we will work hard to ensure that these third parties comply with this "Privacy Policy" and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures that we require them to comply with when using your personal information.

With the continuous development of our business, we may conduct mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will notify you before the transfer.

We may also retain, store or disclose your personal information for the following needs:

Comply with applicable laws and regulations;

Comply with court orders or other legal procedures;

Comply with the requirements of relevant government agencies;

Purposes reasonably necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, safeguard the public interest, or protect the personal and property safety or legal rights of our customers, us, and other users.

information security

We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purpose described in this "Privacy Policy" and within the time limit required by laws and regulations. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent loss, improper use, unauthorized viewing or disclosure of information. For example, in some services, we will use encryption technology (such as SSL) to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious methods that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do your best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always guarantee 100% information security. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may have problems due to factors beyond our control.

Information you share

Many of our services allow you to publicly share your relevant information not only with your own social network, but also with all users who use the service. For example, the information you upload or publish in our services (including your public Personal information, lists created by you), your response to information uploaded or posted by other people, and location data and log information related to this information. Other users who use our services may also share information about you (including location data and log information). In particular, our social media services are designed to enable you to share information with users all over the world, and you can make shared information be delivered in real time and widely. As long as you do not delete the shared information, the relevant information will remain in the public domain; even if you delete the shared information, the relevant information may still be independently cached, copied or stored by other users or unrelated third parties not under our control, or by other The user or these third parties keep it in the public domain.

Therefore, please carefully consider the content of information uploaded, published and exchanged through our service. In some cases, you can control the range of users who have the right to browse your shared information through the privacy settings of some of our services. If you request to delete your relevant information from our services, please operate through the methods provided in these special terms of service.

Sensitive personal information you share

Certain personal information may be considered sensitive personal information due to its particularity, such as your race, religion, personal health and medical information. Compared with other personal information, sensitive personal information is protected more strictly.

Please note that the content and information you provide, upload, or post when you use our services (such as photos about your social activities) may reveal your sensitive personal information. You need to carefully consider whether to disclose relevant sensitive personal information when using our services.

You agree to handle your sensitive personal information in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this Privacy Policy.

How we may collect information

We or our third-party partners may collect and use your information through cookies and web beacons, and store this information as log information.

We use our own cookies and web beacons to provide you with a more personalized user experience and services, and for the following purposes:

Remember your identity. For example: cookies and web beacons help us to recognize your identity as our registered user, or save your preferences or other information you provide to us;

Analyze your use of our services. For example, we can use cookies and web beacons to understand what activities you use our services for, or which web pages or services are most popular with you;

Advertising optimization. Cookies and web beacons help us to provide you with relevant advertisements based on your information instead of general advertising.

While we use cookies and web beacons for the above-mentioned purposes, we may provide non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies and web beacons to advertisers or other partners after statistical processing to analyze how users use our services and use them together. For advertising services.

There may be cookies and web beacons placed by advertisers or other partners on our products and services. These cookies and web beacons may collect non-personally identifiable information related to you to analyze how users use these services, to send you advertisements that may be of interest to you, or to evaluate the effectiveness of advertising services. The collection and use of such information by these third-party cookies and web beacons is not restricted by this "Privacy Policy", but by the privacy policy of the relevant user. We are not responsible for third-party cookies or web beacons.

You can reject or manage cookies or web beacons through your browser settings. However, please note that if you disable cookies or web beacons, you may not be able to enjoy the best service experience, and some services may not be used normally. At the same time, you will receive the same number of advertisements, but these advertisements will be less relevant to you.

Advertising Services

We may use your relevant information to provide you with more relevant advertisements.

We may also use your information to send you marketing information through our services, emails or other methods, to provide or promote the following goods and services of ours or third parties:

Our services, goods or services of our affiliates and partners, including instant messaging services, online media services, interactive entertainment services, social network services, payment services, Internet search services, location and map services, application software and services, Data management software and services, online advertising services, Internet finance, and other social media, entertainment, e-commerce, information and communication software or services (collectively referred to as "Internet Services");

Third-party Internet service providers, and third-party goods or services related to the following: food and catering, sports, music, movies, television, live performances and other arts and entertainment, books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories, jewelry , Cosmetics, personal health and hygiene, electronics, collectibles, household utensils, electrical appliances, home decoration and furnishings, pets, cars, hotels, transportation and tourism, banking, insurance and other financial services, membership points and reward programs, and what we think Other goods or services that may be related to you.

If you do not want us to use your personal information for the aforementioned advertising purposes, you can request us to stop using your personal information for the aforementioned purposes through the relevant prompts we provide in advertisements or the guidelines provided in specific services.

Mail and information we may send you

Mail and information push

When you use our services, we may use your information to send emails, news or push notifications to your device. If you do not want to receive this information, you can follow our relevant prompts and choose to unsubscribe on your device.

Service-related announcements

We may issue service-related announcements to you when necessary (for example, when a service is suspended due to system maintenance). You may not be able to cancel these service-related announcements that are not promotional in nature.

Exceptions to the privacy policy

Our services may include or link to social media or other services (including websites) provided by third parties. E.g:

You use the "Share" button to share certain content to our service, or you use a third-party connection service to log in to our service. These functions may collect your relevant information (including your log information), and may install cookies on your computer, so as to operate the above functions normally;

We provide you with links through advertisements or other methods of our services so that you can access third-party services or websites.

Such third-party social media or other services may be operated by relevant third parties or us. Your use of such third party’s social media services or other services (including any personal information you provide to such third parties) is subject to the third party’s terms of service and privacy policy (not the "General Terms of Service" or this " Privacy Policy), you need to read its terms carefully. This "Privacy Policy" only applies to the information we collect, and does not apply to any third party services or third party information usage rules. We are not responsible for any third party's use of the information provided by you.

Minors use our services

We encourage parents or guardians to guide minors under the age of 18 to use our services. We recommend that minors encourage their parents or guardians to read this "Privacy Policy", and recommend that minors seek the consent and guidance of their parents or guardians before submitting personal information.

The scope of the privacy policy

Except for certain specific services, all our services are applicable to this "Privacy Policy". These specific services will be subject to specific privacy policies. Specific privacy policies for certain specific services will more specifically explain how we use your information in such services. The privacy policy of this particular service forms part of this "Privacy Policy". If the privacy policy of a specific service is inconsistent with this "Privacy Policy", the privacy policy of that specific service shall apply.

Please note that this "Privacy Policy" does not apply to the following situations:

Information collected by third-party services (including any third-party websites) accessed through our services;

Information collected by other companies or organizations that provide advertising services in our services.

change

We may revise the terms of this "Privacy Policy" in due course, and such revisions form part of this "Privacy Policy". If such amendments result in a substantial reduction of your rights under this "Privacy Policy", we will notify you in a prominent position on the homepage or send you an email or other means before the amendment takes effect. In this case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by this revised Privacy Policy.

User Agreement

(Hereinafter referred to as "the company") provide information and products in accordance with the following terms and conditions. You can also be referred to as a "user" in this agreement. The following terms and conditions will constitute between you and the company for your use All agreements reached by the content (hereinafter referred to as "this agreement").

Description

The company provides you with services including but not limited to game download, use, recharge, customer service, game information, forum communication and other services (hereinafter referred to as "the service"). The company’s relevant regulations for this service include, but are not limited to, the game rules, user penalty regulations, customer service regulations, etc. contained in any game operated by the company under the game platform, as well as the company’s account use and management, Relevant service agreements and rules formulated for game recharge and other services. The company hereby reminds users, please read all the contents of this agreement in detail before using this service, especially the clauses that exempt or limit the company’s liability or limit the rights of users (especially the content marked in bold and underlined). If you have any questions about the agreement, please consult our company (020-3755991). Once you use this service, it means that you have read and fully agree to be bound by the terms and conditions described in this agreement. If you do not agree to any terms of this agreement, please do not use this service. Minors should be accompanied by their guardians to read and agree to this service agreement before they can accept this service agreement. The guardian shall strengthen the supervision and protection of minors, and the guardian shall bear the responsibility if the minor's interests or the interests of the company are harmed due to his failure to perform guardianship duties carefully.

Rights statement

1. The company and its affiliated companies (affiliated companies refer to direct or indirect, equity or agreement arrangements with the company and other forms of control and controlled relationships, as well as corporate legal persons that have a significant impact on company operations) enjoy and retain Complete and indivisible ownership and/or intellectual property rights of the following:

(1) Software, technology, program, code, user interface, etc. related to the game platform;

(2) Trademarks and graphic marks related to this service.

2. The games, text, software, sound, pictures, animation, video, graphics, etc. involved in the service content provided by the company are protected by relevant intellectual property laws and other relevant laws. Without the authorization of the company or other related rights holders, users are not allowed to copy, use, modify, extract, translate, and distribute. Third parties may not use it in any way without the written permission of the company and/or its related rights holders.

Limitation of Liability

1. The services provided by the company to users are provided "as is", and the company hereby expressly declares that it does not make any express or implied guarantees for the service, including but not limited to the applicability, accuracy, and timeliness of the service , Sustainability, etc.

2. The user understands and agrees to bear the risk of using the service, and the user shall follow the relevant provisions of Chinese law when using the service. The company shall not be liable for any damages and consequences caused by the user’s behavior unless the law is clear. Liability outside the regulations.

3. In any case, the company will not be liable for any loss caused to users due to any reasons such as network connection failures, communication lines, third-party websites, computer hardware, etc., except as clearly provided by law.

User Code of Conduct

1. Users shall not use false identity information when registering on this website. The user shall properly keep his account information and password, and the loss caused by the user’s leak shall be borne by the user. If the user discovers that someone else has fraudulently used or stolen his account or password, or the account has other unauthorized use, he should immediately notify the company in an effective manner. The user understands and agrees that the company has the right to take corresponding actions or measures based on the user’s notice, request or basis judgment, including but not limited to freezing accounts, restricting account functions, etc. The company is not responsible for the losses caused by the above actions. The law has clearly stipulated responsibilities.

2. Users must abide by laws and regulations when using this service, and must not use this service to engage in illegal activities, including but not limited to:

(1) Publish, transmit, spread, and store content that endangers national security and unity, undermines social stability, violates public order and good customs, insults, slanders, obscenity, violence, and any content that violates national laws and regulations;

(2) Publish, transmit, disseminate, and store content that infringes on the legal rights of others' intellectual property rights, trade secrets, etc.;

(3) Maliciously fabricate facts and conceal the truth to mislead or deceive others;

(4) Publish, transmit, and disseminate advertising information and spam;

(5) Other actions prohibited by laws and regulations.

3. Users shall not use this service to conduct any behavior that damages the rights, interests and goodwill of the company and its affiliates, or the legal rights of other users.

4. Users shall not engage in the production, use, and dissemination of "private servers" and "external links" based on this service that infringe upon the legitimate rights and interests of the company. If there is any violation, the company will deal with it in accordance with the current laws and regulations of China and relevant regulations of the company.

5. In addition to the virtual property transfer service, users are not allowed to directly or disguisely transfer virtual property such as game accounts, game coins, game props, etc. through any means.

6. Users shall not engage in cheating and other acts that damage the fairness of the game. The user promises to accept the company's analysis of its game data. When the company finds that its data is abnormal, the company can determine it as cheating based on its own independent judgment.

7. Users shall not engage in any behaviors that use the company's platform system loopholes to damage other users, the company or the Internet.

8. The user knows and confirms that the company sends the user notifications, rules, tips and other information about the service through announcements, emails, text messages, account notifications, and instant messaging tools registered by the user in the account, which are all effective notifications . Once such information is published or released, it is deemed to have been delivered to users.

Advertising information and promotions

1. The user agrees to accept the service sent by the company through announcements, emails, text messages, account notifications, and instant messaging tools registered by the user in the account, or the company, its affiliates, or a cooperative relationship with the company Third-party related product, service promotion or other commercial information.

2. The company may provide links to other Internet sites or resources in this service. The company does not guarantee or be responsible for any content, advertisements, products or other materials that exist or originate from such sites or resources; If the content contained in the link or the content of the link provided by the search engine infringes the user's rights, the company declares that it has nothing to do with the above content, and does not assume responsibility except as clearly provided by law.





隐私政策

我们重视用户的隐私。您在使用我们的服务时，我们可能会收集和使用您的相关信息。我们希望通过本《隐私政策》向您说明，在使用我们的服务时，我们如何收集、使用、储存和分享这些信息，以及我们为您提供的访问、更新、控制和保护这些信息的方式。本《隐私政策》与您所使用的服务息息相关，希望您仔细阅读，在需要时，按照本《隐私政策》的指引，作出您认为适当的选择。本《隐私政策》中涉及的相关技术词汇，我们尽量以简明扼要的表述，并提供进一步说明的链接，以便您的理解。

您使用或继续使用我们的服务，即意味着同意我们按照本《隐私政策》收集、使用、储存和分享您的相关信息。

如对本《隐私政策》或相关事宜有任何问题，请通过yogvdzfpfpvch@hotmail.com与我们联系。

我们可能收集的信息

我们提供服务时，可能会收集、储存和使用下列与您有关的信息。如果您不提供相关信息，可能无法享受我们提供的某些服务，或者无法达到相关服务拟达到的效果。

您提供的信息

您在使用我们的服务时，向我们提供的相关个人信息，例如电话号码、电子邮件或银行卡号等；

您通过我们的服务向其他方提供的共享信息，以及您使用我们的服务时所储存的信息。

其他方分享的您的信息

其他方使用我们的服务时所提供有关您的共享信息。

我们获取的您的信息

您使用服务时我们可能收集如下信息：

日志信息，指您使用我们的服务时，系统可能通过cookies、web beacon或其他方式自动采集的技术信息，包括：

设备或软件信息，例如您的移动设备、网页浏览器或用于接入我们服务的其他程序所提供的配置信息、您的IP地址和移动设备所用的版本和设备识别码；

在使用我们服务时搜索或浏览的信息，例如您使用的网页搜索词语、访问的社交媒体页面url地址，以及您在使用我们服务时浏览或要求提供的其他信息和内容详情；

有关您曾使用的移动应用（APP）和其他软件的信息，以及您曾经使用该等移动应用和软件的信息；

位置信息，指您开启设备定位功能并使用我们基于位置提供的相关服务时，收集的有关您位置的信息，包括：

您通过具有定位功能的移动设备使用我们的服务时，通过GPS或WiFi等方式收集的您的地理位置信息；

您或其他用户提供的包含您所处地理位置的实时信息，例如您提供的账户信息中包含的您所在地区信息，您或其他人上传的显示您当前或曾经所处地理位置的共享信息；

您可以通过关闭定位功能，停止对您的地理位置信息的收集。

我们可能如何使用信息

我们可能将在向您提供服务的过程之中所收集的信息用作下列用途：

向您提供服务；

在我们提供服务时，用于身份验证、客户服务、安全防范、诈骗监测、存档和备份用途，确保我们向您提供的产品和服务的安全性；

帮助我们设计新服务，改善我们现有服务；

使我们更加了解您如何接入和使用我们的服务，从而针对性地回应您的个性化需求，例如语言设定、位置设定、个性化的帮助服务和指示，或对您和其他用户作出其他方面的回应；

向您提供与您更加相关的广告以替代普遍投放的广告；

评估我们服务中的广告和其他促销及推广活动的效果，并加以改善；

软件认证或管理软件升级；

让您参与有关我们产品和服务的调查。

为了让您有更好的体验、改善我们的服务或您同意的其他用途，在符合相关法律法规的前提下，我们可能将通过某一项服务所收集的信息，以汇集信息或者个性化的方式，用于我们的其他服务。例如，在您使用我们的一项服务时所收集的信息，可能在另一服务中用于向您提供特定内容，或向您展示与您相关的、非普遍推送的信息。如果我们在相关服务中提供了相应选项，您也可以授权我们将该服务所提供和储存的信息用于我们的其他服务。

您如何访问和控制自己的个人信息

我们将尽一切可能采取适当的技术手段，保证您可以访问、更新和更正自己的注册信息或使用我们的服务时提供的其他个人信息。在访问、更新、更正和删除前述信息时，我们可能会要求您进行身份验证，以保障账户安全。

我们可能分享的信息

除以下情形外，未经您同意，我们不会与任何第三方分享您的个人信息：

我们可能将您的个人信息与第三方服务供应商、承包商及代理（例如代表我们发出电子邮件或推送通知的通讯服务提供商、为我们提供位置数据的地图服务供应商）分享（他们可能并非位于您所在的法域），用作下列用途：

向您提供我们的服务；

实现“我们可能如何使用信息”部分所述目的；

履行我们在本《隐私政策》中的义务和行使我们的权利；

理解、维护和改善我们的服务。

如我们与任何上述第三方分享您的个人信息，我们将努力确保该等第三方在使用您的个人信息时遵守本《隐私政策》及我们要求其遵守的其他适当的保密和安全措施。

随着我们业务的持续发展，我们有可能进行合并、收购、资产转让或类似的交易，您的个人信息有可能作为此类交易的一部分而被转移。我们将在转移前通知您。

我们还可能为以下需要而保留、保存或披露您的个人信息：

遵守适用的法律法规；

遵守法院命令或其他法律程序的规定；

遵守相关政府机关的要求；

为遵守适用的法律法规、维护社会公共利益，或保护我们的客户、我们、其他用户的人身和财产安全或合法权益所合理必需的用途。

信息安全

我们仅在本《隐私政策》所述目的所必需的期间和法律法规要求的时限内保留您的个人信息。 我们使用各种安全技术和程序，以防信息的丢失、不当使用、未经授权阅览或披露。例如，在某些服务中，我们将利用加密技术（例如SSL）来保护您提供的个人信息。但请您理解，由于技术的限制以及可能存在的各种恶意手段，在互联网行业，即便竭尽所能加强安全措施，也不可能始终保证信息百分之百的安全。您需要了解，您接入我们的服务所用的系统和通讯网络，有可能因我们可控范围外的因素而出现问题。

您分享的信息

我们的多项服务，可让您不仅与自己的社交网络，也与使用该服务的所有用户公开分享您的相关信息，例如，您在我们的服务中所上传或发布的信息（包括您公开的个人信息、您建立的名单）、您对其他人上传或发布的信息作出的回应，以及包括与这些信息有关的位置数据和日志信息。使用我们服务的其他用户也有可能分享与您有关的信息（包括位置数据和日志信息）。特别是，我们的社交媒体服务，是专为使您与世界各地的用户共享信息而设计，您可以使共享信息实时、广泛地传递。只要您不删除共享信息，有关信息会一直留存在公共领域；即使您删除共享信息，有关信息仍可能由其他用户或不受我们控制的非关联第三方独立地缓存、复制或储存，或由其他用户或该等第三方在公共领域保存。

因此，请您谨慎考虑通过我们的服务上传、发布和交流的信息内容。在一些情况下，您可通过我们某些服务的隐私设定来控制有权浏览您共享信息的用户范围。如要求从我们的服务中删除您的相关信息，请通过该等特别服务条款提供的方式操作。

您分享的敏感个人信息

某些个人信息因其特殊性可能被认为是敏感个人信息，例如您的种族、宗教、个人健康和医疗信息等。相比其他个人信息，敏感个人信息受到更加严格的保护。

请注意，您在使用我们的服务时所提供、上传或发布的内容和信息（例如有关您社交活动的照片等信息），可能会泄露您的敏感个人信息。您需要谨慎地考虑，是否在使用我们的服务时披露相关敏感个人信息。

您同意按本《隐私政策》所述的目的和方式来处理您的敏感个人信息。

我们可能如何收集信息

我们或我们的第三方合作伙伴，可能通过cookies和web beacon收集和使用您的信息，并将该等信息储存为日志信息。

我们使用自己的cookies和web beacon，目的是为您提供更个性化的用户体验和服务，并用于以下用途：

记住您的身份。例如：cookies和web beacon有助于我们辨认您作为我们的注册用户的身份，或保存您向我们提供的有关您的喜好或其他信息；

分析您使用我们服务的情况。例如，我们可利用cookies和web beacon来了解您使用我们的服务进行什么活动，或哪些网页或服务最受您的欢迎；

广告优化。Cookies和web beacon有助于我们根据您的信息，向您提供与您相关的广告而非进行普遍的广告投放。

我们为上述目的使用cookies和web beacon的同时，可能将通过cookies和web beacon收集的非个人身份信息，经统计加工后提供给广告商或其他合作伙伴，用于分析用户如何使用我们的服务，并用于广告服务。

我们的产品和服务上可能会有广告商或其他合作方放置的cookies和web beacon。这些cookies和web beacon可能会收集与您相关的非个人身份信息，以用于分析用户如何使用该等服务、向您发送您可能感兴趣的广告，或用于评估广告服务的效果。这些第三方cookies和web beacon收集和使用该等信息，不受本《隐私政策》约束，而是受相关使用者的隐私政策约束，我们不对第三方的cookies或web beacon承担责任。

您可以通过浏览器设置拒绝或管理cookies或web beacon。但请注意，如果停用cookies或web beacon，您有可能无法享受最佳的服务体验，某些服务也可能无法正常使用。同时，您还会收到同样数量的广告，但这些广告与您的相关性会降低。

广告服务

我们可能使用您的相关信息，向您提供与您更加相关的广告。

我们也可能使用您的信息，通过我们的服务、电子邮件或其他方式向您发送营销信息，提供或推广我们或第三方的如下商品和服务：

我们的服务，我们的关联公司和合作伙伴的商品或服务，包括即时通讯服务、网上媒体服务、互动娱乐服务、社交网络服务、付款服务、互联网搜索服务、位置和地图服务、应用软件和服务、数据管理软件和服务、网上广告服务、互联网金融，以及其他社交媒体、娱乐、电子商务、资讯和通讯软件或服务（统称“互联网服务”）；

第三方互联网服务供应商，以及与下列有关的第三方商品或服务：食物和餐饮、体育、音乐、电影、电视、现场表演及其他艺术和娱乐、书册、杂志和其他刊物、服装和配饰、珠宝、化妆品、个人健康和卫生、电子、收藏品、家用器皿、电器、家居装饰和摆设、宠物、汽车、酒店、交通和旅游、银行、保险及其他金融服务、会员积分和奖励计划，以及我们认为可能与您相关的其他商品或服务。

如您不希望我们将您的个人信息用作前述广告用途，您可以通过我们在广告中提供的相关提示，或在特定服务中提供的指引，要求我们停止为上述用途使用您的个人信息。

我们可能向您发送的邮件和信息

邮件和信息推送

您在使用我们的服务时，我们可能使用您的信息向您的设备发送电子邮件、新闻或推送通知。如您不希望收到这些信息，可以按照我们的相关提示，在设备上选择取消订阅。

与服务有关的公告

我们可能在必要时（例如因系统维护而暂停某一项服务时）向您发出与服务有关的公告。您可能无法取消这些与服务有关、性质不属于推广的公告。

隐私政策的适用例外

我们的服务可能包括或链接至第三方提供的社交媒体或其他服务（包括网站）。例如：

您利用 “分享”键将某些内容分享到我们的服务，或您利用第三方连线服务登录我们的服务。这些功能可能会收集您的相关信息（包括您的日志信息），并可能在您的电脑装置cookies，从而正常运行上述功能；

我们通过广告或我们服务的其他方式向您提供链接，使您可以接入第三方的服务或网站。

该等第三方社交媒体或其他服务可能由相关的第三方或我们运营。您使用该等第三方的社交媒体服务或其他服务（包括您向该等第三方提供的任何个人信息），须受该第三方的服务条款及隐私政策（而非《通用服务条款》或本《隐私政策》）约束，您需要仔细阅读其条款。本《隐私政策》仅适用于我们所收集的信息，并不适用于任何第三方提供的服务或第三方的信息使用规则，我们对任何第三方使用由您提供的信息不承担任何责任。

未成年人使用我们的服务

我们鼓励父母或监护人指导未满十八岁的未成年人使用我们的服务。我们建议未成年人鼓励他们的父母或监护人阅读本《隐私政策》，并建议未成年人在提交的个人信息之前寻求父母或监护人的同意和指导。

隐私政策的适用范围

除某些特定服务外，我们所有的服务均适用本《隐私政策》。这些特定服务将适用特定的隐私政策。针对某些特定服务的特定隐私政策，将更具体地说明我们在该等服务中如何使用您的信息。该特定服务的隐私政策构成本《隐私政策》的一部分。如相关特定服务的隐私政策与本《隐私政策》有不一致之处，适用该特定服务的隐私政策。

请您注意，本《隐私政策》不适用于以下情况：

通过我们的服务而接入的第三方服务（包括任何第三方网站）收集的信息；

通过在我们服务中进行广告服务的其他公司或机构所收集的信息。

变更

我们可能适时修订本《隐私政策》的条款，该等修订构成本《隐私政策》的一部分。如该等修订造成您在本《隐私政策》下权利的实质减少，我们将在修订生效前通过在主页上显著位置提示或向您发送电子邮件或以其他方式通知您。在该种情况下，若您继续使用我们的服务，即表示同意受经修订的本《隐私政策》的约束。

用户协议

（以下简称“本公司”）按照下列条款与条件提供信息和产品，您在本协议中亦可被称为“用户”，以下所述条款和条件将构成您与本公司，就您使用提供的内容所达成的全部协议（以下称“本协议”）。

说明

本公司向您提供包括但不限于游戏下载、使用、充值、客户服务、游戏资讯、论坛交流等服务（以下称“本服务”）。本公司针对本服务所制定的相关规定，包括但不限于本公司在游戏平台下运营的任何一款游戏所包含的游戏规则、用户处罚条例，客服条例等，以及本公司就账号使用及管理、游戏充值等服务制定的相关服务协议、规则。本公司在此提示用户，请您在使用本服务前详细阅读本协议的所有内容，尤其是免除、限制本公司责任或者限制用户权利的条款（特别是粗体下划线标注的内容），如您对本协议有任何疑问，请向本公司（020-3755991）进行咨询。一旦您使用本服务，即表示您已阅读并完全同意接受本协议项下所述条款和条件的约束。如果您不同意本协议的任何条款，请您不要使用本服务。未成年人应经其监护人陪同阅读本服务协议并表示同意，方可接受本服务协议。监护人应加强对未成年人的监督和保护，因其未谨慎履行监护责任而损害未成年人利益或者本公司利益的，应由监护人承担责任。

权利声明

1、本公司及其关联公司（关联企业指与本公司存在直接或间接，股权或以协议安排等其他形式的控制与被控制关系，以及对公司运营具有重大影响关系的公司法人）享有并保留以下各项内容完整的、不可分割的所有权及/或知识产权：

（1）游戏平台相关的软件、技术、程序、代码、用户界面等；

（2）本服务相关的商标、图形标记。

2、本公司提供的服务内容中所涉及的游戏，文字、软件、声音、图片、动画、录像、图表等，均受相关知识产权法以及其他相关法律的保护。未经本公司或者其他相关权利人授权，用户不得复制、使用、修改、摘编、翻译、发行,第三方未经本公司及/或其相关权利人的书面许可，不得以任何方式擅自进行使用。

责任限制

1、本公司向用户提供的服务均是在依"现状"提供，本公司在此明确声明对本服务不作任何明示或暗示的保证，包括但不限于对服务的可适用性、准确性、及时性、可持续性等。

2、用户理解并同意自行承担使用本服务的风险，且用户在使用本服务时，应遵循中国法律的相关规定，由于用户行为所造成的任何损害和后果，本公司均不承担除法律有明确规定外的责任。

3、不论在何种情况下，本公司均不对由于网络连接故障、通讯线路、第三方网站、电脑硬件等任何原因给用户造成的任何损失承担除法律有明确规定外的责任。

用户行为规范

1、用户在本网站注册时，不得使用虚假身份信息。用户应当妥善保存其账户信息和密码，由于用户泄密所导致的损失需由用户自行承担。如用户发现他人冒用或盗用其账户或密码，或其账户存在其他未经合法授权使用之情形，应立即以有效方式通知本公司。用户理解并同意本公司有权根据用户的通知、请求或依据判断，采取相应的行动或措施，包括但不限于冻结账户、限制账户功能等，本公司对采取上述行动所导致的损失不承担除法律有明确规定外的责任。

2、用户在使用本服务时须遵守法律法规，不得利用本服务从事违法违规行为，包括但不限于：

（1）发布、传送、传播、储存危害国家安全统一、破坏社会稳定、违反公序良俗、侮辱、诽谤、淫秽、暴力以及任何违反国家法律法规的内容；

（2）发布、传送、传播、储存侵害他人知识产权、商业秘密等合法权利的内容；

（3）恶意虚构事实、隐瞒真相以误导、欺骗他人；

（4）发布、传送、传播广告信息及垃圾信息；

（5）其他法律法规禁止的行为。

3、用户不得利用本服务进行任何有损本公司及其关联企业之权利、利益及商誉，或其他用户合法权利之行为。

4、用户不得基于本服务从事制作、使用、传播“私服”、“外挂”等侵害本公司合法权益的行为。如有违反，本公司将依据中国现行法律法规及本公司的相关规定予以处理。

5、虚拟财产转移服务外，用户不得通过任何方式直接或变相进行游戏账号、游戏币、游戏道具等虚拟财产的转移。

6、用户不得从事作弊等损害游戏公平性的行为。用户承诺接受本公司对其游戏数据进行分析，当本公司发现其数据异常时，本公司可根据自己的独立判断认定其为作弊。

7、用户不得从事任何利用本公司平台系统漏洞进行有损其他用户、本公司或互联网安全的行为。

8、用户知悉并确认，本公司通过公告、邮件、短信、账户通知以及用户在账户中登记的即时通讯工具等方式，向用户发出关于本服务的通知、规则、提示等信息，均为有效通知。该等信息一经公布或发布，即视为已送达至用户。

广告信息和促销

1、用户同意接受本公司通过公告、邮件、短信、账户通知以及用户在账户中登记的即时通讯工具等方式发送的有关本服务，或本公司、本公司之关联企业或与本公司有合作关系的第三方相关的商品、服务促销或其他商业信息。

2、本公司在本服务中可能提供与其他互联网之网站站点或资源的链接，本公司对存在或源于此类网站站点或资源的任何内容、广告、产品或其他资料不予保证或负责；如该链接所载的内容或搜索引擎所提供之链接的内容侵犯用户权利，本公司声明与上述内容无关，且不承担除法律有明确规定外的责任。

---
## [wight554/device_xiaomi_sm6250-common](https://github.com/wight554/device_xiaomi_sm6250-common)@[8b09146565...](https://github.com/wight554/device_xiaomi_sm6250-common/commit/8b09146565c98ff6d55c1f5892fd6d24212d81a1)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 10:49:21 by Volodymyr Zhdanov

sm6250-common: reserve less system/product space for gapps builds

* we just want to have a bit to flash some basic stuffs and do some replacements
* also fuck you @Demon000

---
## [Les-Laboratoires-JS/labchat-api](https://github.com/Les-Laboratoires-JS/labchat-api)@[7b85c1b790...](https://github.com/Les-Laboratoires-JS/labchat-api/commit/7b85c1b790269acf8208b8e4eb8a1283569deb32)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 11:52:24 by Loockeeer

Merge pull request #2 from Les-Laboratoires-JS/fuck

git fuck you

---
## [newstools/2020-my-broadband](https://github.com/newstools/2020-my-broadband)@[95f3ca2d06...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-my-broadband/commit/95f3ca2d067c28c92199482008a9e7b2c925f7b7)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 13:47:12 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [mybroadband.co.za/news/industrynews/378338-magic-and-mystery-in-his-dark-materials-and-more-fantasy-series-to-stream.html]

---
## [pl3xgaming/Purpur](https://github.com/pl3xgaming/Purpur)@[e1729ee539...](https://github.com/pl3xgaming/Purpur/commit/e1729ee539d19c83ede88eed18e74ad96180ba5a)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 14:28:38 by Ben Kerllenevich

README.md Coloring

This makes the 'Purpur API maven dependency' and 'Purpur API gradle dependency' have coloring. This really isnt
an important change, but compared to Papers README they look devoid of all life and they were sucking away my
remaining will to live :P

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[40f37b10a4...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/40f37b10a4b294bd967e6e71c4752d4c79e9e683)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 14:56:42 by Marko Grdinić

"2:50pm. Focus me. What did I even write in the last review?

Let me check out my old post.

...Found it in the 10/30/2020 entry. Ok, I see.

It feels longer than two months, but it seems I've been working on the compilation pipeline for 7 weeks so far.

///

So far I've been working on the compilation pipeline for 7 weeks. When I was starting out I experimented a lot with trying to chain together imperative servers. I've tried all sorts of techniques. I am not sure exactly when it was in the past month, but I've had an epiphany and realized that message passing between servers does not really work as a serious model for concurrency. The general approach is not composable and introduces too much complexity.

What I ended up doing instead is reworking all those imperatives servers as both lazy and eager immutable streams. This gives me all the composability benefits of sequential code for an estimated steady constant factor rise in code complexity. Early on, I tried making strong use of channels, but could get my reasoning to match up. As it turned out, chains of promises are a lot easier to deal with, and all those other data structures Hopac introduces are of lesser importance.

A month ago, I had typechecking working for individual files, but with imperative servers it was a huge problem for me to figure out how to reuse that functionality for general compilation. Imagine you set a project to build, and then do programming on the side which introduces changes. It really was a huge problem to figure out how an imperative server could support this - new data would overwrite the old data, and I would need to do something special to keep it around.

With lazy streams, I just pass a promise to the build function and because it all uses immutable data under the hood I get optimal code reuse and do not have to bust my head about what to do about new data. Streams make it very easy to encapsulate state for the sake of memoizing old results.

I actually knew about streams for years - you can sometimes see them being broached in functional programming courses. Back then I looked at them, never saw a single use for them and stored them away at the back of my mind as an academic curiosity, but they are very useful for concurrency work indeed.

It took me an amazing amount of time, but a few days ago, I finally moved from typechecking individual files to having cross module and cross package typechecking in real time. Right now I am working on the partial evaluation prepass, and in a week or less I should have my first experience of Spiral v0.2 code being compiled directly from the VS Code editor. No doubt it won't be correct and the testing will take a while, but at least I will be done with this. I feel that thanks to this experience, my understanding of concurrency has gone up significantly.

Right now the way Spiral handles editor support is good enough to be a model for other languages. The way it does it is how it should be done.

My plan for December is to finally make Spiral useful. I really meant to move to testing a lot earlier than this, and soon I'll be able to do that. I have not been motivated to do language work for a while now, and I want to get my hands on some neurochip hardware and seeing whether I can get it do interesting things. That is what I really want to do and Spiral is a means to that end. But since nobody else was there to take the role, the responsibility of making a functional language capable of operating in such a domain fell to me. For the past few years, I've only borne the expense of being in such a position, but in 2021 I will get the benefits of seeing things through to the end.

///

3:45pm. This is short and sweet. Should I add some links? Nevermind that. I'll leave the fun stuff for later posts.

3:50pm. Right now I am just getting lost in thought. Let me commit this and then I will get back to programming. There are still two good hours left in the day.

Let me see if I can make one more step. If I can make the prepass usable today, that will open the possibility of moving to partial evaluation tomorrow. "

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[8ff9690cc5...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8ff9690cc55cd13abec2c48cf1263dec5162b232)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 16:58:07 by Marko Grdinić

"4pm. I am thinking. Let me aim to do at least one more thing today. I doubt I'll do anything else after that.

```fs
let package =
    let rec loop (s : Map<PackageName, PackageItem>) =
        {new PackageStream with
            member _.Run((packages,order,target)) =
```

What I need are inputs to this function.

```fs
type DiffableFileHierarchy =
    DiffableFileHierarchyT<
        (PrepassTopEnv Promise * (ModuleId * PrepassTopEnv Promise)) option * InferResult Stream * FileStream option,
        (ModuleId * PrepassTopEnv Promise) option
        >
type PackagePath = string
type PackageName = string
type PackageLinks = Map<PackagePath,PackageName>
type PackageStream = EditorStream<Map<PackageName,DiffableFileHierarchy list * PackageLinks * PackageId> * PackageName seq * ModuleTarget, PrepassPackageEnv Promise option>
```

Ok, let me paste the `SupervisorState` here.

```fs
type SupervisorState = {
    modules : Map<string, TokRes * ParserRes Promise * ModuleStream>
    infer_results : Map<string, InferResult Stream>
    diff_stream : PackageDiffStream
    packages : PackageMaps
    }
```

```fs
type PackageMaps = {
    package_schemas : PackageSchema ResultMap
    package_links : MirroredGraph
    validated_schemas : ValidatedSchema ResultMap
    }
```

4:20pm. I see that the monthly thread is up. Let me make that post on the PL sub and I will turn off the router.

4:25pm. Posted. Let me turn off, lest I start browsing on the side again.

4:30pm. Right now I am thinking.

The way to do the inputs for `package` came to me easily enough. That part will be a piece of cake.

But what do I do about the prepass errors.

`InferResult Stream` can have type errors in it and if I try fetching `FilledTop` from a block that has an error, that will cause an exception to be thrown.

So far I've been assuming that the inputs to the prepass will be sanitized, but now that I look at it more closely I realize that this is impossible.

I can't fetch the `InferResult`s ahead of time, that would be ridiculous.

So I need a way of dealing with potentially erroneous inputs in the prepass itself.

The easiest way to do this would be to use exceptions smartly. Otherwise I will have to encase everything in `Result`s and propagate that which I do not feel like doing.

4:35pm. Dealing with errors will be its own side quest. Let me forget that for a while. I'll leave that for tomorrow. Right now, let me make the function that creates the stream inputs.

4:40pm.

```fs
let package_inputs (s : SupervisorState) target =
    let visited = HashSet()
    let order = Queue()
    let dfs cur =
        if visited.Add cur then
            let x = failwith ""
            order.Enqueue(x)
    ()
```

Forget about errors. Let me just get this out of the way today, so I can close. I'll leave thinking about errors and dealing with them for tomorrow.

5:10pm.

```fs
module Prepass =
    open Spiral.StreamServer.Prepass
    let package_inputs (s : SupervisorState) target =
        let visited : string HashSet = HashSet()
        let order : (PackageName * (DiffableFileHierarchy list * PackageLinks * PackageId)) Queue = Queue()
        let rec dfs cur =
            if visited.Add cur then
                let x = cur
                let links = (fst s.packages.package_links).[cur] // TODO: The key might not be present.
                Set.iter dfs links
                match s.packages.package_schemas.[cur] with // TODO: The key might not be present.
                | Ok x -> // TODO: The package file might have errors.
                    let rec elem = function
                        | ServerUtils.File((_,path),name,_) -> File(path,name,(None,s.infer_results.[path],None)) : DiffableFileHierarchy // TODO: The index here might fail.
                        | ServerUtils.Directory(name,l) -> Directory(name,list l,None)
                    and list l = List.map elem l
                    let hier = list x.schema.files
                    let links = package_named_links x
                    let id : PackageId = failwith "TODO"
                    order.Enqueue(cur,(hier,links,id))
                | Error _ -> failwith "TODO"
        dfs target
        let a : Map<PackageName,DiffableFileHierarchy list * PackageLinks * PackageId> = Map(order)
        let b : PackageName seq = Seq.map fst order
        a,b,target
```

F# does not allow local module opens so I made a separate module just for this function.

Apart from package ids not being in user state, the TODOs are all about the error handling. And that does not even cover the prepass evaluation errors.

5:15pm. Let me see if I can pull the package_ids into the user state.

```fs
type PackageCoreState = {
    packages : Map<string,PackageCoreStateItem>
    package_ids : PersistentHashMap<string,int>
    }
```

Right now they are a part of `PackageCoreState`.

I am not sure what I should do. I'll have to think about it for a bit.

5:20pm.

```fs
let package_core =
    let rec loop (s : PackageCoreState) =
        {new PackageCoreStream with
            member _.ReplacePackages(adds,removes) =
                let s,b,_ = List.fold add_package (s,Map.empty,Set.empty) adds
                b, loop (Set.fold remove_package s removes)
            }
    loop {packages=Map.empty; package_ids=PersistentHashMap.empty}
```

Ah, I know why I put them here. Because there might be a lot erroneous packages and I did not want to bother with cleaning thme up.

```fs
let package_validate_then_send_errors atten errors s dir =
    let order,packages = package_validate s.packages dir
    let infer_results, diff_stream = s.diff_stream.Run(order,packages.package_schemas,packages.package_links,s.modules)

    let infer_results =
        Map.map (fun p r ->
            let rec loop ers = function
                | Nil -> Nil
                | Cons(a : InferResult,next) ->
                    let ers = List.append a.errors ers
                    Hopac.start (Src.value errors.typer {|uri="file:///" + p; errors=ers|})
                    Cons(a, next >>-* loop ers)
            r >>-* loop []
            ) infer_results

    package_errors order packages |> Array.iter (fun er ->
        Hopac.start (Src.value errors.package er)
        )
    let s = {s with packages=packages; infer_results=Map.foldBack Map.add infer_results s.infer_results; diff_stream=diff_stream}
    Hopac.start (Src.value atten (s, dir))
    s
```

Yeah, I'll return them from the diff stream. Let me go in that direction.

5:30pm. Success. I manage to pry the thing out.

```fs
let package_validate_then_send_errors atten errors s dir =
    let order,packages = package_validate s.packages dir
    let x, diff_stream = s.diff_stream.Run(order,packages.package_schemas,packages.package_links,s.modules)
    match x with
    | Some (infer_results, package_ids) ->
        let infer_results =
            Map.map (fun p r ->
                let rec loop ers = function
                    | Nil -> Nil
                    | Cons(a : InferResult,next) ->
                        let ers = List.append a.errors ers
                        Hopac.start (Src.value errors.typer {|uri="file:///" + p; errors=ers|})
                        Cons(a, next >>-* loop ers)
                r >>-* loop []
                ) infer_results

        package_errors order packages |> Array.iter (fun er ->
            Hopac.start (Src.value errors.package er)
            )
        let s = {s with packages=packages; package_ids=package_ids; infer_results=Map.foldBack Map.add infer_results s.infer_results; diff_stream=diff_stream}
        Hopac.start (Src.value atten (s, dir))
        s
    | None ->
        s
```

Er, let me think about this for a bit more.

5:40pm.

```fs
let package_validate_then_send_errors atten errors s dir =
    let order,packages = package_validate s.packages dir
    package_errors order packages |> Array.iter (fun er -> Hopac.start (Src.value errors.package er))
    Hopac.start (Src.value atten (s, dir))

    match s.diff_stream.Run(order,packages.package_schemas,packages.package_links,s.modules) with
    | Some (infer_results, package_ids), diff_stream ->
        let infer_results =
            Map.map (fun p r ->
                let rec loop ers = function
                    | Nil -> Nil
                    | Cons(a : InferResult,next) ->
                        let ers = List.append a.errors ers
                        Hopac.start (Src.value errors.typer {|uri="file:///" + p; errors=ers|})
                        Cons(a, next >>-* loop ers)
                r >>-* loop []
                ) infer_results
        {s with packages=packages; package_ids=package_ids; infer_results=Map.foldBack Map.add infer_results s.infer_results; diff_stream=diff_stream}
    | None, diff_stream -> {s with diff_stream=diff_stream}
```

This way is better. Now I am doing everything ASAP, and the order is clear.

```fs
let id : PackageId = s.package_ids.[cur] // TODO: Indexing could fail
```

Now I can get the package id in `package_inputs`.

5:45pm.

```fs
module Prepass =
    open Spiral.StreamServer.Prepass
    let package_inputs (s : SupervisorState) target =
        let visited : string HashSet = HashSet()
        let order : (PackageName * (DiffableFileHierarchy list * PackageLinks * PackageId)) Queue = Queue()
        let rec dfs cur =
            if visited.Add cur then
                let links = (fst s.packages.package_links).[cur] // TODO: The key might not be present.
                Set.iter dfs links
                match s.packages.package_schemas.[cur] with // TODO: The key might not be present.
                | Ok x -> // TODO: The package file itself might have errors.
                    let rec elem = function
                        | ServerUtils.File((_,path),name,_) -> File(path,name,(None,s.infer_results.[path],None)) : DiffableFileHierarchy // TODO: The index here might fail.
                        | ServerUtils.Directory(name,l) -> Directory(name,list l,None)
                    and list l = List.map elem l
                    let hier = list x.schema.files
                    let links = package_named_links x
                    let id : PackageId = s.package_ids.[cur] // TODO: Indexing could fail.
                    order.Enqueue(cur,(hier,links,id))
                | Error _ -> failwith "TODO"
        dfs target
        let a : Map<PackageName,DiffableFileHierarchy list * PackageLinks * PackageId> = Map(order)
        let b : PackageName seq = Seq.map fst order
        a,b,target
```

Ah crap, I keep mistaking the module and the package target. I actually need to do a search to find the relevant package first.

```fs
    let package_inputs (s : SupervisorState) module_target =
        let package_target = failwith "TODO"
```

That is one more thing I have to do.

```fs
// Note: Don't forget the prepass eval errors as well.
```

I might as well leave a note for this as well.

5:50pm. Ok, good. What I've done since finishing the review will serve as an icebreaker. After thinking about it for a while, I see that I am going to start with that note. I need to go back to the prepass stream and figure out what to do when it gets a block with a type error.

5:55pm. Let me stop here for the day. It is lunch time.

Tomorrow, I will have my work cut out for me. I am not sure what I will do, but I will try looking into how concurrent exceptions work. I have no mental model of them now and if I am going to be using them for prepass errors, I'll have to do some playing around with them first."

---
## [kb1vc/SoDaRadio](https://github.com/kb1vc/SoDaRadio)@[748a53c6d1...](https://github.com/kb1vc/SoDaRadio/commit/748a53c6d14ec7d5d6f3a166e58c418f5df872d0)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 18:03:15 by Matt Reilly

Move dependencies on gpsd from GPSmon to a separate header/implementation.

The gpsd client library changes the API in compile-breaking ways from
one version to the next.  API changes are expected on major version
changes for a library, but most responsible library maintainers
keep backward compatability for a little while.  Only sociopaths
would do otherwise.

So "fix_gpsd_ugliness.[cxx,hxx]" separate out the gpsd code.  Handling
gpsd calls requires lots of "#if this_condition" and "#if that_condition"
which makes the code uglier than it should be.  There is enough
ugliness in the world without spreading more.  So, the ugliness is
now sequestered in a sty of its own.

Unfortunately, libgpsd is the only game in town for GPS libraries. It
would be simple to build support for one or two NMEA devices, but the
proliferation of "special cases" and odd-ball TSIP protocol from
Trimble make development of a library depend on lots of users.  libgps
has sucked the air out of the room. So we're stuck with it.

The libgps folks warn us about the fact that they don't preserve any
kind of backward compatability with a (paraphrasing here) "check the
major version number and make sure it is one you've seen" and (again
paraphrasing) "if you don't we'll tank your build."  No deprecation
warnings. No support for older code.

So now fix_gpsd_ugliness.cxx checks for the API version.  This isn't
available at CMake time, unfortunately, so a user might think we're
compiling in GPS support when we don't. The fix_... code prints a message
at compile time if the gps library was found, but has an API version
that is newer than we expect.

ADDED:
src/fix_gpsd_ugliness.[cxx,hxx]
All gpsd code is here now.

src/GPSmon.[cxx,hxx]
Now refers to a GPSD object and retrieves time, lat, and lon independent
of the choices made in libgps.

src/CmakeLists.txt
1) Added new fix_gpsd_ugliness stuff
2) Removed a bunch of .hxx files from the SRCs list as cmake figures
that out on its own.

Commit comments
A bucket of bile brought up by continuing frustration with the libgps team.

---
## [coco-bandicoot/2009Scape](https://github.com/coco-bandicoot/2009Scape)@[fc7a65e503...](https://github.com/coco-bandicoot/2009Scape/commit/fc7a65e5037cb2d3a76f8685f5f84ef20edb443a)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 21:17:47 by coco-bandicoot

Add: NPC Wave 5 + Gnomic Supplies Shop

Normalized all stats and bonuses to their default RuneScape values for the following bosses and monsters:
- Flesh Crawler
- Jail Guard
- Fever Spider
- Dust Devil
- Cave Horror
- Bloodveld
- All 4 Spiritual Mages (one for each god)

- Fire Giants now properly aggressive

- Flesh Crawler examine text added

- Flesh Crawler now properly aggressive

- Corrected Jail Guard examine text

- Added Gnomic Supplies shop to Hieronymus Avlafrim NPC at the Gnomecopter area north of Lumbridge

---
## [Jebaitedneko/android_kernel_10or_G-4.9](https://github.com/Jebaitedneko/android_kernel_10or_G-4.9)@[6a9d0035c6...](https://github.com/Jebaitedneko/android_kernel_10or_G-4.9/commit/6a9d0035c6edfe0d46b4c6134c6ec557a7fcb96b)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 21:25:09 by Jebaitedneko

[HACK]: base: power: wakeup: create a dummy debugfs entry for trace_marker

ah shit you finally disabled debugfs only to see userspace scream at you for not having trace_marker
this is the only driver which creates a debugfs entry which is essential for wakeup stats recording and thus can't be disabled
adjust it's init function to create said dummy trace file inside tracing dir
this will suppress the silly userspace errors (especially you, cutils)

---
## [newstools/2020-sundiata-post](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post)@[bfaff809c7...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sundiata-post/commit/bfaff809c7b21792b5cec0fa871adb22ef195eb6)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 21:28:48 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [sundiatapost.com/you-came-into-my-life-and-destroyed-it-woman-commits-suicide-after-writing-disturbing-note-on-facebook-about-her-alleged-boyfriend-2/]

---
## [Jebaitedneko/android_kernel_10or_G-4.9](https://github.com/Jebaitedneko/android_kernel_10or_G-4.9)@[b75cf210b8...](https://github.com/Jebaitedneko/android_kernel_10or_G-4.9/commit/b75cf210b8ce4cfe62f5183ff2773c028884dfd7)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 21:39:32 by Jebaitedneko

[HACK]: base: power: wakeup: create a dummy debugfs entry for trace_marker

ah shit you finally disabled debugfs only to see userspace scream at you for not having trace_marker
this is the only driver which creates a debugfs entry which is essential for battery monitoring (see 1bdb13584fb7b5c6b7b741e4436a4dc4397df26e)
adjust it's init function to create said dummy trace file inside tracing dir
this will suppress the silly userspace errors

---
## [PonyKillerMX/calculator](https://github.com/PonyKillerMX/calculator)@[5dda8a0854...](https://github.com/PonyKillerMX/calculator/commit/5dda8a0854a7a7f58a080fa2131058d08c3ef6fa)
#### Tuesday 2020-12-01 23:03:10 by Emilio

Add files via upload

This is version 2.0. 

Now you can multiply, add, subtract, and divide. It's better put in the screen and has some minor improvements in functionality that are not worth mentioning. 

I still hope this is not the final product because it's not nice, and I would never use this as my main calculator. Actually, I don't even think a man in the 1950's with his huge ass calculator would prefer to use this calculator, but it was a fun experience on tkinter.

---

# [<](2020-11-30.md) 2020-12-01 [>](2020-12-02.md)

