# [<](2020-04-13.md) 2020-04-14 [>](2020-04-15.md)

2,708,581 events, 1,411,197 push events, 2,218,935 commit messages, 162,652,944 characters


## [MoyTW/7DRL2016Rewrite](https://github.com/MoyTW/7DRL2016Rewrite)@[2c75b3a756...](https://github.com/MoyTW/7DRL2016Rewrite/commit/2c75b3a756bcbf2558fc93f4182ffa68ff6fe94e)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 02:19:16 by MoyTW

Hacked in a sync elevation button

ok the color thing is...not great. but ok. it's fine. it's fiiiine. i
mean.

look I could either hack on this or watch The Lighthouse and eat dinner
with friends and I choose the Social Thing. hence why there be a pair of
janky maps splatted in the center of the file

and why MainScreen is a utter, total mess. rip.

---
## [bipoudyal16/TakeHomeExam](https://github.com/bipoudyal16/TakeHomeExam)@[ebea867f5a...](https://github.com/bipoudyal16/TakeHomeExam/commit/ebea867f5a5974f29aa315c0be9734e1bcd4e269)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 02:49:20 by Bishnu Poudyal

Add files via upload

Sorry I was looking into my files today after and I saw accidentally submit the wrong file last night, so resubmit the file. Yesterday I was not feeling well and I was sent home from work beacuse I am coughing a lot and throwing up. I have submitted, hope you accept it. thank you.

---
## [Mape0854/sdmaid-public](https://github.com/Mape0854/sdmaid-public)@[3851cd1da0...](https://github.com/Mape0854/sdmaid-public/commit/3851cd1da07604af49cf46b4857436d1203ae4f7)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 05:27:54 by Mape0854

Create SECURITY.md

New

No conozco el sistema, le aclaro que solo uso dichos Smartphones para escuchar música y las redes sociales.
Estoy con estas intervenciones de mi intimidad desde hace 2 años.
Usted podría realizar lo que corresponda ya que yo no tengo ni idea de lo que me hablas, lo que si pido que todo eso que he intentado borrar o eliminar se haga efectivo cuanto antes mejor, sin mas Milton Panelli Escobar

Aquí va traducido por Google Traductor



I do not know the system, I clarify that I only use these Smartphones to listen to music and social networks.
I have been with these interventions of my privacy for 2 years.
You could do what corresponds since I have no idea what you are talking about, what if I ask that all that I have tried to erase or eliminate become effective the sooner the better, without more Milton Panelli Escobar

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[53eee5dffb...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/53eee5dffbf0d04860ce1cf52265345914835011)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 10:34:38 by Marko Grdinić

"10:15am. I had restful sleep tonight. Let do my morning reading and then it will be time to start.

10:35am. https://mangadex.org/title/37415/samayoeru-tensei-sha-tachi-no-relive-game

The Dark Souls genderbend is out...I'll save this for later, let me just start. I ended up recommending Fabulous on the PL sub and surfed /a/ as usual. This kind of waste is par the course for me. Time is made to be wasted.

10:40am. But I need to get going. That example is not going to translate itself.

```
// The module 'vscode' contains the VS Code extensibility API
// Import the module and reference it with the alias vscode in your code below
import * as vscode from 'vscode';
import { FoodPyramidHierarchyProvider } from './FoodPyramidHierarchyProvider';

// this method is called when your extension is activated
// your extension is activated the very first time the command is executed
export function activate(context: vscode.ExtensionContext) {
 // Use the console to output diagnostic information (console.log) and errors (console.error)
 // This line of code will only be executed once when your extension is activated
 console.log('Congratulations, your extension "call-hierarchy-sample" is now active!');

 let disposable = vscode.languages.registerCallHierarchyProvider('plaintext', new FoodPyramidHierarchyProvider());

 context.subscriptions.push(disposable);

 showSampleText(context);
}
```

Let me start by translating this. I'll copy the hello world project and start from there.

What I'll do just swap the missing functions for stumps to start things off.

11:05am.

```
module FableCallHierarcySample

open Fable.Import

let foodPyramidHierarchyProvider = failwith "TODO"
let show_sample_text (ctx : vscode.ExtensionContext) = failwith "TODO"

let activate (ctx : vscode.ExtensionContext) =
    printfn """Congratulations, your extension "call-hierarchy-sample" is now active!"""

    vscode.languages.registerCallHierarchyProvider("plaintext", foodPyramidHierarchyProvider)
    |> ctx.subscriptions.Add

    show_sample_text ctx

let deactivate () = ()
```

This is how I imagined it. Now I have an issue - `registerCallHierarchyProvider` does not exist. I noted yesterday that the bindings are 3 years out of date, so it is no wonder that I will run into this problem at some point. I am going to have to add the things I want myself.

So this will be my first challenge - figure out how to write bindings for JS/TS.

11:10am. First of all, let me download the `Fable.Import.vscode` and I'll add it by hand into my project.

https://github.com/fable-compiler/fable-import/tree/master/VSCode

Let me clone this.

11:15am. I had to clone the whole master rather than just this folder. It seems the important stuff got split into separate repos.

Now this thing uses Paket.

```
FSharp.Core
Fable.Core
Fable.Import.Node
```

The references are super light though.

11:20am.

```
version 5.243.0
source https://www.nuget.org/api/v2
storage:none

clitool dotnet-fable
nuget Fable.Core
nuget Fable.Import.Node
nuget Fable.Import.Browser
nuget Fable.Import.Jest
nuget Fable.PowerPack

group Build
  source https://nuget.org/api/v2
  nuget FAKE
  github fable-compiler/fake-helpers Fable.FakeHelpers.fs
```

I do not get Paket. None of the dependencies have their versions stated. This seems like a nightmare.

https://www.nuget.org/packages/Fable.Import.Node/

As much as I'd like to start things off by installing this, let me go through the Paket documentation once more.

```
      Fable.Import.Node (>= 0.4.3) - restriction: >= netstandard2.0
```

`paket.lock` does have the version numbers. It is the latest.

11:30am. I've added `paket` to my project and put `Fable.Import.VSCode` into the `paket.references` file.

```
  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Fable.Import.VSCode" Version="0.1.2" />
  </ItemGroup>
```

What should I do with this? Let me try removing it.

```
<Import Project="..\.paket\Paket.Restore.targets" />
```

Ah, Paket will add this automatically.

11:40am.

```
Paket failed with
-> Installation Errors :
    - E:\Webdev\Fable\fable-call-hierarchy-sample\src\paket.references uses NuGet package Fable.Import.VSCode, but it was not found in the paket.lock file in group Main.
```

Ohhh, this is so annoying. I put the project `Fable.Import.VSCode` alongside the other one, but I have no idea how to make one project depend on another. All this stuff is something VS itself used to take care for me. Well, I'll get through this with some time and effort.

11:45am. https://fsprojects.github.io/Paket/faq.html#FAQ-Frequently-Asked-Questions
"I do not understand why I need Paket to manage my packages. Why can't I just use NuGet.exe and packages.config?"

"NuGet does not separate out the concept of transitive dependencies; if you install a package into your project and that package has further dependencies then all transitive packages are included in the packages.config. There is no way to tell which packages are only transitive dependencies."

"Even more importantly: If two packages reference conflicting versions of a package, NuGet will silently take the latest version (read more). You have no control over this process."

Oh shit. I guess I should be using Paket.

11:55am. I am so distracted. Forget this. Let me take a break here.

What I will do when I have back is finally figure out F# + Ionide. I'll make a project, create A and B as subprojects and make B depend on A. I need to get this setting up done.

Today has started out rocky. The more I dive into it, the more difficulties I run into. This would not be a problem if I were using TS, but seriously who wants to program in TS? I'll go through some pain to master this and then it will be good and mastered.

12:35pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/g10vr8/d_deflaition_artificial_intelligence_deflation_in/

Did I forget to commit? Let me read this and I'll do the chores."

---
## [PetitT/100PercentWinrate](https://github.com/PetitT/100PercentWinrate)@[f37b46dcdc...](https://github.com/PetitT/100PercentWinrate/commit/f37b46dcdc96d3d8d36e25048083b27ec14e92bf)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 14:31:40 by PetitT

I should commit more often. Also there are lines and shit. And also you actually have a max attack frequency, and a pool. Holy damn that's a lot. And I moved stuff too

---
## [CalamitousDespacito/shadow-VindenetMerchant](https://github.com/CalamitousDespacito/shadow-VindenetMerchant)@[16ce6340db...](https://github.com/CalamitousDespacito/shadow-VindenetMerchant/commit/16ce6340db28915e836b65d4413a4adbb3157733)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 16:03:13 by CalamitousDespacito

Reduced price drastically

Because fuck you if you use SIP and sell Vindenet Merchant for ez money

---
## [google/iree](https://github.com/google/iree)@[23dec13dc8...](https://github.com/google/iree/commit/23dec13dc85ad2428e49a7f1aa44642d241aebee)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 17:20:19 by Geoffrey Martin-Noble

Set IREE_AVAILABLE_BACKENDS in Bazel CI (#1522)

This replaced IREE_DEFAULT_BACKENDS with https://github.com/google/iree/commit/85303d0c1dee5f7b82c65c12f049ac37b7d4bf19. I earlier tried to change this to set both to avoid an intermediate breakage (https://github.com/google/iree/commit/ebfbc922e429d607509f68e8ec97f47e68e584fc#diff-2ef12a800b55d4c81acc58774f511f6c), but it was accidentally reverted in https://github.com/google/iree/commit/2775e3eedb7696bee08ee8ad4db3101856c304cc by issues with our syncing automation, which can't handle workflow files because of silly GitHub restrictions.

Also finally added line breaks to this ridiculously long line. There's some yaml magic you can do with a chomp operator or something, but I just did boring old line continuations.

Tested: No. It's basically impossible.

---
## [pippinbarr/chesses3](https://github.com/pippinbarr/chesses3)@[116ed8671f...](https://github.com/pippinbarr/chesses3/commit/116ed8671ff1a27340a56383b986e9f915d763c2)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 17:59:57 by Pippin Barr

IMMORTAL: First draft

? It wants you to play (as black) through Kasparov's Immortal game and 
forces you to play the correct (losing in the end) move by using the 
Prince of Persia idea of saying "that's not what happened"

? I wonder if it'll be so frustrating not knowing what move to play that 
it gets stupid? Maybe it should highlight the correct move ahead of time 
anyway, and you just make it - eventually losing ha ha.

---
## [gitster/git](https://github.com/gitster/git)@[c716fe4bd9...](https://github.com/gitster/git/commit/c716fe4bd917e013bf376a678b3a924447777b2d)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 18:00:23 by Jeff King

credential: detect unrepresentable values when parsing urls

The credential protocol can't represent newlines in values, but URLs can
embed percent-encoded newlines in various components. A previous commit
taught the low-level writing routines to die() when encountering this,
but we can be a little friendlier to the user by detecting them earlier
and handling them gracefully.

This patch teaches credential_from_url() to notice such components,
issue a warning, and blank the credential (which will generally result
in prompting the user for a username and password). We blank the whole
credential in this case. Another option would be to blank only the
invalid component. However, we're probably better off not feeding a
partially-parsed URL result to a credential helper. We don't know how a
given helper would handle it, so we're better off to err on the side of
matching nothing rather than something unexpected.

The die() call in credential_write() is _probably_ impossible to reach
after this patch. Values should end up in credential structs only by URL
parsing (which is covered here), or by reading credential protocol input
(which by definition cannot read a newline into a value). But we should
definitely keep the low-level check, as it's our final and most accurate
line of defense against protocol injection attacks. Arguably it could
become a BUG(), but it probably doesn't matter much either way.

Note that the public interface of credential_from_url() grows a little
more than we need here. We'll use the extra flexibility in a future
patch to help fsck catch these cases.

---
## [peff/git](https://github.com/peff/git)@[92d9476aee...](https://github.com/peff/git/commit/92d9476aee86341c5d15e315b99679fcd06024e0)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 18:36:10 by Jeff King

commit: give a hint when a commit message has been abandoned

If we launch an editor for the user to create a commit
message, they may put significant work into doing so.
Typically we try to check common mistakes that could cause
the commit to fail early, so that we die before the user
goes to the trouble.

We may still experience some errors afterwards, though; in
this case, the user is given no hint that their commit
message has been saved. Let's tell them where it is.

Signed-off-by: Jeff King <peff@peff.net>

---
## [palantir/atlasdb](https://github.com/palantir/atlasdb)@[782cfb1efe...](https://github.com/palantir/atlasdb/commit/782cfb1efe5315dd8a3c0e8bf1c1ea26b5aa489c)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 19:54:34 by Carter Kozak

Executor quality of life and instrumentation (#4707)

* PTExecutors improvements for cached executors

1. PTExecutors use daemon threads by default to prevent tasks from
   accidentally pinning up a JVM that wants to die.
2. Added a new PTExecutors.newCachedThreadPool factory method which
   takes a string base-name instead of an entire ThreadFactory.

* ABI Break: PTExecutors.newCachedThreadPool returns ExecutorService

The interface type provide a more reasonable API surface than the
concrete implementation, and allows us to do more interesting things
without resorting to terrible hacks that will come back to haunt us
later.

* Instrument PTExecutors thread factory (NamedThreadFactory)

* Add generated changelog entries

* more instrumentation

* CR

---
## [openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd](https://github.com/openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd)@[acdd5641b5...](https://github.com/openbgpd-portable/openbgpd-openbsd/commit/acdd5641b54eb9d9e0a50c394efd1c0608e0b985)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 20:18:59 by claudio

Holy simplification batman. Use the per rib entry flags to lock entries
when interrupting rib dumps and now we no longer need evil RB magic to find
the next entry on restart.

---
## [cockroachdb/cockroach](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach)@[470c5f4234...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/470c5f4234cd7c039d90f8890a1ecb8a1d1815a9)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 20:24:10 by craig[bot]

Merge #47431 #47465

47431: sql: fix renaming of columns involved in hash sharded indexes r=rohany a=ajwerner

Prior to this commit, renames in hash sharded indexes were busted in a few
different ways.

1) The column references were using `UnresolvedName` when it should have been
   using `*tree.ColumnItem`. This was going on both in the check constaint and
   in the computed expr.

2) The `ShardedDescriptor` was not being updated to refer to the new name.

Another rough edge in all of this is that we're in deep trouble if we can't
tie the shard column back to the index[es] which are responsible for its
existence. Today this relationship is annoyingly tenuous. In an ideal world
we'd populate the ColumnDescriptor with information to mark it as a sharded
column and, ideally, the sharded descriptor. Furthermore, it's something of a
bummer that we have multiple of the same `ShardedDescriptor`s which each imply
a column but are denormalized into the `IndexDescriptor`.

Given we are where we are however, we really want to keep the name of the
shard column in sync with its source columns. This commit makes sure that
happens when member columns are renamed, the shard column is accordingly
renamed. The commit also disallows the renaming of a shard column as that
would upset the careful name synchronization.

It's worth noting that this is a little bit weird as other auto-generated
names don't change when the members change. For example an index created
with a name in the `CREATE TABLE` statement of a `FAMILY` clause.

Fixes #47087.

Release note (bug fix): In earlier betas, columns which were members of
hash sharded indexes could not be renamed. Indexes created in prior
releases will need to be dropped and recreated to resolve this limitation.

47465: kv: release latches before semi-synchronous intent resolution r=nvanbenschoten a=nvanbenschoten

Fixes #47187.
Fixes #47186.

This commit addresses the deadlock described in #47187. In that issue, we saw that a single batch deadlocked while performing synchronous intent resolution while continuing to hold latches over the spans that it was trying to resolve. This cascaded into a full workload deadlock because all other requests piled up in the latch manager.

This deadlock was introduced in 0e4fac5. That change made it possible for semi-synchronous intent resolution to begin on the read-write path before a request had released its latches. Specifically, in that issue we saw an EndTxn that hit a TransactionAbortedError run into this bug. This case is now tested in `TestEndTxnWithErrorAndSyncIntentResolution`. Before this commit, the test successfully reproduced the deadlock.

It turns out that this has also been very close to a bug in the read-only path for years. In fact, I believe it was broken or almost broken from the very first commit that introduced this semi-synchronous intent resolution: 9858253. Even in that commit, we see that latches (at the time, the CommandQueue) are held during the call to (poorly named) `processIntentsAsync` in `addReadOnlyCmd`. I believe the saving grace here was that we only seem to populate the Intents field on the LocalResult for INCONSISTENT reads, which don't hold latches and therefore can't create the deadlock. But if that's really the case then I don't understand https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/blob/29c0efdcc5edb5d100449a093b25df107f1df2d6/pkg/kv/kvserver/replica_read.go#L144. Either way, this prevented me from hitting a deadlock here or writing a test for this specific case.

I've tested this with 20 iterations of `cdc/tpcc-1000/rangefeed=true` and it has been stable throughout. I'll spin up another 30 tonight.

Release notes (bug fix): a bug that could cause a workload to stall under heavy load has been fixed. This stall was due to a deadlock that was introduced in an earlier v20.1 release.

Release justification: fixes a high-priority bug in existing functionality. The bug could result in full-workload deadlocks under heavy load.

Co-authored-by: Andrew Werner <ajwerner@cockroachlabs.com>
Co-authored-by: Nathan VanBenschoten <nvanbenschoten@gmail.com>

---
## [ale8k/nodescape](https://github.com/ale8k/nodescape)@[35792fc608...](https://github.com/ale8k/nodescape/commit/35792fc608a371f2fdf3b77b4795c9516ff721b1)
#### Tuesday 2020-04-14 23:48:03 by Alexander Kilroy (ale8k)

Summarised P81

^ In prep for writing this shite out properly, it's fucking enormous lol. A lot of data in one packet...
So I'm gonna have to design it in a very particular way, our bit masks will be a callback I think...
I.e., P81(DATA, BITMASK(DATA)), I'm also gonna try (try being the keyword here lol) set it up so that
I can pass it an array of data and just spread it, then have the array be populated from a 'player' file
for testing...

Or maybe a big object? But if my data can check indices properly, an array will work fine.

---

# [<](2020-04-13.md) 2020-04-14 [>](2020-04-15.md)

