# [<](2020-05-09.md) 2020-05-10 [>](2020-05-11.md)

1,895,322 events, 1,064,587 push events, 1,531,816 commit messages, 92,712,601 characters


## [vcaputo/shadow](https://github.com/vcaputo/shadow)@[2c802758f4...](https://github.com/vcaputo/shadow/commit/2c802758f49bb410fb2d491c8a00cd5b03322102)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 01:34:36 by Vito Caputo

su.c: replace getopt with ad-hoc flag processing

In preparation for supporting --exec-command I was testing the
robustness of "--" handling and it became apparent that things
are currently a bit broken in `su`.

Since "--" is currently of limited utility, as the subsequent
words are simply passed to the shell after "-c","command_string",
it seems to have gone unnoticed for ages.

However, with --exec-command, it's expected that "--" would be an
almost required separator with every such usage, considering the
following flags must be passed verbatim to execve() and will
likely begin with hyphens looking indistinguishable from any
other flags in lieu of shell interpolation to worry about.

For some practical context of the existing situation, this
invocation doesn't work today:
```
  $ su --command ls -- flags for shell
  No passwd entry for user 'flags'
  $
```

This should just run ls as root with "flags","for","shell"
forwarded to the shell after "-c","ls".

The "--" should block "flags" from being treated as the user.
That particular issue isn't a getopt one per-se, it's arguably
just a bug in su.c's implementation.

It *seemed* like an easy fix for this would be to add a check if
argv[optind-1] were "--" before treating argv[optind] as USER.

But testing that fix revealed getopt was rearranging things when
encountering "--", the "--" would always separate the handled
opts from the unhandled ones.  USER would become shifted to
*after* "--" even when it occurred before it!

If we change the command to specify the user, it works as-is:
```
  $ su --command ls root -- flags for shell
  Password:
  testfile
  $

```

But what's rather surprising is how that works; the argv winds up:

"su","--command","ls","--","root","flags","for","shell"

with optind pointing at "root".

That arrangement of argv is indistinguishable from omitting the
user and having "root","flags","for","shell" as the stuff after
"--".

This makes it non-trivial to fix the bug of omitting user
treating the first word after "--" as the user, which one could
argue is a potentially serious security bug if you omit the user,
expect the command to run as root, and the first word after "--"
is a valid user, and what follows that something valid and
potentially destructive not only running in unintended form but
as whatever user happened to be the first word after "--".

So, it seems like something important to fix, and getopt seems to
be getting in the way of fixing it properly without being more
trouble than replacing getopt.

In disbelief of what I was seeing getopt doing with argv here, I
took a glance at the getopt source and found the following:

```
      /* The special ARGV-element '--' means premature end of options.
	 Skip it like a null option,
	 then exchange with previous non-options as if it were an option,
	 then skip everything else like a non-option.  */

      if (d->optind != argc && !strcmp (argv[d->optind], "--"))
```

I basically never use getopt personally because ages ago it
annoyed me with its terrible API for what little it brought to
the table, and this brings it to a whole new level of awful.

---
## [9Kbits/ateff](https://github.com/9Kbits/ateff)@[ff4b892003...](https://github.com/9Kbits/ateff/commit/ff4b8920036ee5aeac3c6f22649e3a28742fe23f)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 05:25:54 by vivyshe

Harmony, Heartwood, and a Thousand Camels

Lord forgive me, im back on my old shit
- Changed up some cetic artifacts in accordance with a huge lore blurb I made a while back. Also gave the Gable's a spear, have fun stealing it in your gaian runs.
- Shaved attrition off the Viceroy's troops. They shouldnt all die now

---
## [rakeshtholia/hello-world](https://github.com/rakeshtholia/hello-world)@[ed1a2645c6...](https://github.com/rakeshtholia/hello-world/commit/ed1a2645c61cdddf5295698e819a92058d2edda5)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 07:00:18 by rakeshtholia

my info 

you were curious about me read this commited file you will get to know me well. if you have any suggestions than fuck you keep it with you.

---
## [inex/IXP-Manager](https://github.com/inex/IXP-Manager)@[412411da87...](https://github.com/inex/IXP-Manager/commit/412411da8785b84a5d1b04d253fe28653e91bf33)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 10:14:53 by Barry O'Donovan

Restructure PR

Thanks for this PR @schadom - putting the MD5 on the main display is a great idea. Everythime I click through to the VLAN interface for this, I wonder why we never did it.

I've refactored the commit because I intentionally  - and naively - have IPv6 as the 'first' address in some desparate hope we'll eventually get there!

I also removed multicast - I honestly can't name an IX that supports multicast off the top of my head.

---
## [proxeeus/quests](https://github.com/proxeeus/quests)@[c20a940915...](https://github.com/proxeeus/quests/commit/c20a940915f98348c82bd0c4030d72b900eea542)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 11:11:51 by proxeeus

Ring War: as of this commit, mostly feature complete for me. Final gameplay-related script touch-ups:

- separated Great Divide's despawn: now, handing the Declaration of War + Ring #9 to regular Badain will depop the zone, pop a special Badain, and the event will proceed as usual.
- regular waves have their timer, and transition waves (between different types of Giants) have their own.
- fixed some wrong text reward from Dobbin (or Corbin or whatever the fuck his name is, can't remember)

---
## [knopptimism/ios-sprint-challenge-experiences](https://github.com/knopptimism/ios-sprint-challenge-experiences)@[987f532158...](https://github.com/knopptimism/ios-sprint-challenge-experiences/commit/987f5321582269009207d2380dbfeb9a3352c399)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 12:06:48 by knopptimism

IT TOOK 24 HOURS AND GETTING MY GF's SISTER'S IPHONE, BUT GUESS WHO HAS A WORKING EXPERIENCE FLOW???

The rest of the stuff worked (minus video, which still needs checked) at 8:00 AM Saturday morning, but location manager wouldn't work no matter what I did on desktop. I looked it up and it's a known issue. Cost me literally my entire Saturday, threw me into a panic attack because nothing I did worked, and it turns out that the implementation I had at 8:00 AM would have worked if I'd had a device to work off of. So, yeah. Kind of anxious that it won't matter, given that it's Sunday, but w/e. It's one of those situations where LS is killing my mental health (constant pressure to go mixed with being a very mediocre programmer == actually not the best mental health rn), but I am also still willing to spend my entire weekend on it.

---
## [AmyBSOD/Amylona](https://github.com/AmyBSOD/Amylona)@[84cc338664...](https://github.com/AmyBSOD/Amylona/commit/84cc3386645da01edb6b43a7feedf91f7f1307c9)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 13:12:16 by AmyBSOD

Can recharge rod of domination

That was a really stupid design decision. You can reserve the spellbook at the magic spell writer *AND* recharge the hell out of it, so why shouldn't you be able to do the same with the rod that is much more difficult to get to begin with (requiring you to either get very lucky to find one, because shops never seem to stock it, or farming 20 medals for every 4 charges you want)? So there.

---
## [Hritik14/unikey-keyboard](https://github.com/Hritik14/unikey-keyboard)@[b2c75822d2...](https://github.com/Hritik14/unikey-keyboard/commit/b2c75822d28ec558f8c47ee44d4a78e8e61d470a)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 17:50:04 by Hritik Vijay

Changed names and icons

Thanks to "Simple Keyboard" for making everything so easy.
Also, [this
tool](https://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/icons-launcher.html#foreground.type=image&foreground.space.trim=1&foreground.space.pad=0.25&foreColor=rgba(96%2C%20125%2C%20139%2C%200)&backColor=rgb(205%2C%20220%2C%2057)&crop=0&backgroundShape=square&effects=none&name=ic_launcher_keyboard) is just awesome for resizing icon images. Kudos to stackoverflow again.

Didn't think I'd every say this but Android Studio is really nice. It is
HUGE [just the installation] but works like a charm. I mean, as complex
packaging in android is, Android studio makes all the sense to exist.
Though, I'd like it so much if the packaging on android would have been
like in Archlinux (pacman). It would have really been great. But I
think, given the amount of variations are there in android, they didn't
really have a lot of choice.

Also, FUCK FLUTTER! I started hating Android because of it. In Java, it
all makes sense. Everything fits in place, futter is utter garbage.

---
## [ajvondrak/soapbox](https://github.com/ajvondrak/soapbox)@[6b06f10ced...](https://github.com/ajvondrak/soapbox/commit/6b06f10ced76f15c70f0252f63e704a715044522)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 19:14:18 by Alex Vondrak

Autoscroll overflow in code blocks

The default poole/lanyon style is to soft wrap in <pre> blocks, but I
prefer scrollbars. Wrapping reads like shit, fucking with indentation
and such.

(Of course, I use soft wrapping in my text editor because scrolling
sucks, but that's different. I set my textwidth in vim anyway and keep
my code within those static margins. Websites are finickier about
resizing windows.)

---
## [knopptimism/ios-sprint-challenge-experiences](https://github.com/knopptimism/ios-sprint-challenge-experiences)@[5749d1f989...](https://github.com/knopptimism/ios-sprint-challenge-experiences/commit/5749d1f989b2788cd5fbf24b78802add25e5d399)
#### Sunday 2020-05-10 20:41:14 by knopptimism

Fixed all the errors. Now have a completed MVP that let's you post an experience and view it in multiplex. It filters images, records video & audio, has working location manager, and plays video/audio back. I spent literally 14 hours ripping my hair (more if you include the fact that I spent pretty much all my time on Friday doing the same thing) sitting and staring at the computer, trying to figure out what I was doing wrong that made the CLLocationManager not work when I ran the sim. I literally lost almost a day of my life doing that before I got the device to test it on. I would say, at least, that I very well understand the material. I'm a regular virtuoso at it npw. I even implemented pretty slick singleton instances to make my life easier.

Someone's gonna have to reaaaaallllly make an argument that singletons shouldn't just be your first stop. I ran into one issue, having it manifest in viewDidLoad and looping back to it in a rewind, that might make it not ideal.... but the complaints against it mainly seems like people fetishizing suffering. It's a good way to get a master controller then add in a bunch of other utility. I'm gonna read why it's not beloved by all (basically removing the need to do burdensome segues), but it's going to be a very strong part of my design philosophy from now on. Once I implemented it, things were way peasy.

Well, that's another weekend where I had no Saturday, stayed up all night programming, and now haven't the energy to do much else but lay in bed blankly staring at YouTube. I think I'm tired all the time and most of the time I am anxious about getting work done in time. It's always over stupid stuff, like not knowing location manager wouldn't work. Maybe I should have know.

---

# [<](2020-05-09.md) 2020-05-10 [>](2020-05-11.md)

