# [<](2020-01-03.md) 2020-01-04 [>](2020-01-05.md)

1,249,995 events, 703,290 push events, 970,475 commit messages, 59,245,012 characters


## [talidemestre/Palindromic-Reverse-Iteration](https://github.com/talidemestre/Palindromic-Reverse-Iteration)@[d77b3b8163...](https://github.com/talidemestre/Palindromic-Reverse-Iteration/commit/d77b3b8163f2e0311205e55b1012dcec6bd6d6d8)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 00:09:02 by u6980736

fuck you obi suck my fucking penis i hope this message gets me banned from
github

---
## [calebj/sopel](https://github.com/calebj/sopel)@[b81956c300...](https://github.com/calebj/sopel/commit/b81956c30044777e6273c607be5e5a7a9f5ecddd)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 01:15:58 by dgw

reddit: clean up & fix URL regexen, video link handling

This is a regular laundry list, honestly.

* `post_url` was end-anchored to prevent matching the same links as
  `comment_url`, but didn't allow for the `/post_title_slug/` usually
  included after the submission ID.
* `comment_url` & `post_url` used `.*` where they should have had `\S+`
  (whitespace is never present in reddit URLs, nor will any compenent of
  the link ever contain zero characters).
* `user_url` unnecessarily captured "ser" (or "") as group 1.
* So many unescaped `.`s everywhere!

Fixes post links failing to match and falling back to `url.py` title
fetching, and possibly some other silly bugs. I take full responsibility
for breaking `post_url` in #1720. Whoops.

Also adds error handling in `video_info()`, in case the hacky hack it
uses to get the post URL fails. The errors I saw in testing that led to
this whole patch were probably just because the `post_url` pattern was
broken (see above), but... why not handle the error case anyway?

---
## [ElectraJailbreak/apt](https://github.com/ElectraJailbreak/apt)@[8e99b22c31...](https://github.com/ElectraJailbreak/apt/commit/8e99b22c31eb47d0422e9a69e83dc99bb315ded8)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 01:17:14 by David Kalnischkies

eipp: let apt make a plan, not make stuff plane

Julian noticed on IRC that I fall victim to a lovely false friend by
calling referring to a 'planer' all the time even through these are
machines to e.g. remove splinters from woodwork ("make stuff plane").
The term I meant is written in german in this way (= with a single n)
but in english there are two, aka: 'planner'.

As that is unreleased code switching all instances without any
transitional provisions. Also the reason why its skipped in changelog.

Thanks: Julian Andres Klode
Gbp-Dch: Ignore

---
## [szmoore/htr-webgl](https://github.com/szmoore/htr-webgl)@[a1be190933...](https://github.com/szmoore/htr-webgl/commit/a1be1909330f14f2eefad52d741ab6455d8e819c)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 03:00:27 by Sam Moore

Replace CGI adverts.py with the index.json, and fix advertisements

The adblock "meta" joke actually does something when adblock is enabled!
Only took me 5 years to ~work out~ (google search) the code

Other improvements and refactoring where needed
Really the whole splash screen and texture loading needs Promises
But can't be fucked rewriting the whole thing

It works even if it is hacky and prone to race conditions between
the Game() and the first ChooseAdvert() calls.

Noticed a bug where if img.src is a 404, the SplashScreen hangs forever

PS:
Regarding d0586db1e8be905ecb204b7a75f05497ffe54798

sulix I removed your ad because you're not a dummy,
and I don't know if you'd still want an image that insults you
to be on public websites (even if it only gets 1 visit a year by GoogleBot).

I removed the UCC reference because it's not hosted on UCC
and I'd rather not think about the UCC.

I kept the Mylah reference though because it's true that it's no
longer hosted on mylah, and I think it is still funny.

---
## [SpyTechplus/spytechplus](https://github.com/SpyTechplus/spytechplus)@[b156eb6590...](https://github.com/SpyTechplus/spytechplus/commit/b156eb6590678aed135c825f719a64e2812bc984)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 05:13:16 by Spy Techplus

Spytechplus

FOUNDER OF SPY TECHPLUS
Hey, guy's I am Sonu Kumar Chouhan from India, I love writing Blog and I want to share too many tricks and Tips for all the people on Social Media. I believe in work, I am Nothing To Impressed The World! I Impress World That Will make me Happy!! For More Info Contact Us:- sonukumar843493@gmail.com

---
## [fadlyas07/android-kernel-xiaomi-msm8917-common](https://github.com/fadlyas07/android-kernel-xiaomi-msm8917-common)@[3208296f50...](https://github.com/fadlyas07/android-kernel-xiaomi-msm8917-common/commit/3208296f50d779fa6bf3e3c07f97504387609803)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 08:44:25 by Masahiro Yamada

modpost: file2alias: go back to simple devtable lookup

commit ec91e78d378cc5d4b43805a1227d8e04e5dfa17d upstream.

Commit e49ce14150c6 ("modpost: use linker section to generate table.")
was not so cool as we had expected first; it ended up with ugly section
hacks when commit dd2a3acaecd7 ("mod/file2alias: make modpost compile
on darwin again") came in.

Given a certain degree of unknowledge about the link stage of host
programs, I really want to see simple, stupid table lookup so that
this works in the same way regardless of the underlying executable
format.

Signed-off-by: Masahiro Yamada <yamada.masahiro@socionext.com>
Acked-by: Mathieu Malaterre <malat@debian.org>
[nc: Omit rpmsg, sdw, fslmc, tbsvc, and typec as they don't exist here
     Add of to avoid backporting two larger patches]
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Sasha Levin <sashal@kernel.org>
[kras: Further backport to 3.18, omitting mipscdmm, ulpi, and hdaudio]
Signed-off-by: Albert I <kras@raphielgang.org>

---
## [newstools/2020-vanguard-nigeria](https://github.com/newstools/2020-vanguard-nigeria)@[76194e801e...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-vanguard-nigeria/commit/76194e801ef8ad191ca84cff320f3c96f6f9b5c2)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 10:16:31 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.vanguardngr.com/2020/01/i-regret-killing-my-girlfriend-late-lasu-students-boyfriend-laments/]

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7b2c504d9f...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7b2c504d9f647821e8422b5dd28d97e3e92e92e5)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 10:24:46 by Marko Grdinić

"10:45am. I've stewed in my own hatred and misery the whole night, but it is not enough. I need some more.

As much animosity as I've gathered towards the mathematicians, what exactly am I going to do here?

I put in the utmost elite amount of effort into theorem proving.

And yet I cannot reduce the CFR to anything more than it already is. It is a complete failure.

All the proofs I can do are meaningless to me, but the one thing I want to do I cannot.

Maybe it is time to accept it - as one goes from integers to floats, and as one goes from tabular to distributed representations, the ability to say (let alone prove) anything at all using non-empirical methods because sharply difficult, way beyond my ability.

And I certainly cannot believe that a bunch of people who cannot even do numbers properly can be expected to produce great insight about AI. I would be an absolute moron to think that.

At this point I am convinced that math is one giant middle finger towards programming. I wrote that as much in the past months.

But I've sort of been coping and looking for a way out of this nightmare.

Forget it. It cannot be done.

Also, while mathematicians are trash, the fact that they opted for this course of action plainly tells anybody just how difficult rationals really are. And the proofs involving them will only get more difficult once one switches to truncated rational equivalents that are floats.

10:55am. The real world is harsh! Hard!

CFR is half a page long and yet I cannot take it as anything than a primitive!

I am nothing more than mouse wondering what the eagle could see!

...

I've been obsessed all this time in finding a way to make float-using algorithms as easy to reason as the discrete ones, but I am dying here.

As a first step towards my rehabilitation, maybe I need to stop and say: 'It is not just you. This really is hard.'.

The nature of self improvement is one thing, but I saw it as my duty to fight and get anything I can before embracing that darkness. It is no use. My power right now is just too little to cut through this knot.

CFR is not even close to deep learning in difficulty, and yet I cannot do it.

11am. Ahhhh, my dreams...that guy was really mad at me for my comments, but I am the one suffering the most here. I remember in April look at CFR and thinking how great it would be to have the ability to prove things about it. I thought I would get something from going through Software Foundations, but the only thing I learned there was how to do proofs about things like the ones in the book. Trivial things I was not interested in the first place.

11:05am. Maybe I was wrong. Maybe the current behavior of the ML research community is the one that is right. Maybe the randomized testing that they are subconsciously doing is the way science should be conducted.

It is far better to do real science no matter how ad-hoc it is than fake math.

11:15am. Though I have the heart of a villain, my principles do not allow me to reject reality.

If hacking things together is the best that can be done pre-Singularity, then my aim should be to be the best in the world at it.

...

Self-improvement should be done organically.

If math is to be resurrected to its former level of rigor, it needs to happen naturally with steady advances in programming languages.

If I do Spiral v0.2, I will have cleaned up the lower end, leaving only dependent types left as the only real challenge in PL design.

11:20am. I honestly do not think I will be getting to writing DT langs as a human - Spiral has taken up enough of my time as it is, but now that I've come to this point let me just indulge myself a little before breakfast.

I want to check out F* again. I am interested how it deals with things like arrays. Agda and Coq do not even have those constructs, so I am really curious about this particular aspect right now.

Last time I looked at F* I understood nothing of it, but now that I understand type theory I might as well take advantage of this good fortune.

I do not think I will be programming today. I want more time to just stew and form my motivation properly. I still do not have it. I need a concrete goal to which to aim for. There should be one somewhere. Just how will I be the best in the world at ad-hoc science? What would serve as a proof of that?"

---
## [madisongh/linux-tegra-4.9](https://github.com/madisongh/linux-tegra-4.9)@[2de57f92ec...](https://github.com/madisongh/linux-tegra-4.9/commit/2de57f92ec990322084f4536494799416e77048d)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 11:52:09 by Greg Kroah-Hartman

tty: mark Siemens R3964 line discipline as BROKEN

commit c7084edc3f6d67750f50d4183134c4fb5712a5c8 upstream.

The n_r3964 line discipline driver was written in a different time, when
SMP machines were rare, and users were trusted to do the right thing.
Since then, the world has moved on but not this code, it has stayed
rooted in the past with its lovely hand-crafted list structures and
loads of "interesting" race conditions all over the place.

After attempting to clean up most of the issues, I just gave up and am
now marking the driver as BROKEN so that hopefully someone who has this
hardware will show up out of the woodwork (I know you are out there!)
and will help with debugging a raft of changes that I had laying around
for the code, but was too afraid to commit as odds are they would break
things.

Many thanks to Jann and Linus for pointing out the initial problems in
this codebase, as well as many reviews of my attempts to fix the issues.
It was a case of whack-a-mole, and as you can see, the mole won.

Reported-by: Jann Horn <jannh@google.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [suprasannap/Projects](https://github.com/suprasannap/Projects)@[76e7338abf...](https://github.com/suprasannap/Projects/commit/76e7338abffdd0c67f9106a7c507181e256cc9b8)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 12:56:19 by Suprasanna

Predictive Analysis 







Predictive Analysis 



SUPRASANNA PRADHAN
PGPBABI-O DEC’18, GROUP: 5































	 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1	The Assignment	3
2	Understanding the data set	3
3	Importing data election result of 2017	3
4	Liner Regression	13
5	Logistic regression	16
6	Preparing K-nearest Neighbors	19
7	Preparing   Naïve Bayes classification	21
8	Source code	22

 
















1	THE ASSIGNMENT
Case Study:  state  assembly Election  result of 2017 
Problem description
Explain the factors behind the election 2017 .
2017 the election was held in March 2017 for  Goa , Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and Manipur, in our case we are considering the data for UP 2017 election  for analysis purpose .
2	UNDERSTANDING THE DATA SET 
These are the below data sets we brought together from difference sources 
1.	Election results 2017 
lhttps://www.eci.gov.in/files/file/4091-state-legislative-assembly-2017/

2.	Election result 2012 
My neta data is contains candidate’s personal data- link 

http://www.myneta.info/uttarpradesh2017/index.php?action=summary&subAction=candidates_analyzed&sort=candidate#summary

3.	Literacy data distract wise 

lhttps://updateox.com/india/district-wise-male-female-literacy-rate-in-india-2011-census/#

    

3	IMPORTING DATA ELECTION RESULT OF 2017
In this data we are considering the election result of 2017 for state UP only  hence we have sorted out our data  with station code S24  
 


The data set has got 5307 observations and 15 variables  

Further we have imported the data from myneta.com
It has been having 4829 observation and 8 variables 
 

Few column’s data has come with some special characters  , hence we have removed these characters and renamed these columns  - these Total assets and liabilities 
 
 

Renamed the column data of my neta to merge it with election result data of 2017 
 
Summary of my neta .com data set 
 

Before merging the both data we must check is the variables text and values are same or not , since the data set to be merged  based on candidate’s name .
We found the candidates’ names are written with lower caps and election result of candidates’ names mentioned in upper case .Hence we have the neta .com data sets font small to cap.
 








Merged data set  of 2017 election data and my neta data .Now its having 8183 observation and 19 variables 
 


Importing election result 2012 and we have 15 variables here in the data set . 
 
Imported data set of censuses 2011
 


Merging the census 2011 data and election result data of 2012
 
Preparing the final data which is merged the election data 2017 and 2012  - with left outer join where we are checking the election result 2017 candidate names are true.
 
Prepared the final data set for our observation – we have total 5307 observations and 19 variables
Thera are  403  candidates were won the election of 2017 in UP, we will try to analyze  here what are variables are helped explained the same .
We got almost all data non-continuous data besides  Total validated vote polled VOTE_2017
Variable Position_2017 and Positon-2012 is carrying value  of  equal to or greater than 1, where 1 is marked for the candidate who won the election and greater than 1 they defeated in the election  ,whereas the variable gender and category  is also part of categorical data we have changed  these either 0 or 1 as per the level values 




Summary of the final data set 
 
We have created some more numerical  dummy variable  by splitting  main variable of the political parties performed better 2017 election .
 


Plotting  gained votes  position wise  with SC, ST and General category 
 
We wanted to find out how many votes are each candidate got with their Position 1 which is explaining us the candidate won the election 
 
 
 
 
 
Box plot of received vote 2017 impacted with variable education  found it is significant 
 
 
 





	

To check the coloration , we have further considered only numeric variables  
 
 Checking multicollinearity of the variable , these variables are correlated 
 
4	LINER REGRESSION 
We have splinted the data into train and test set with ratio of 70 and 30 ,  considered  40522 observers -ion of 23 variables for the train data .Test set we go 117 observations.
 
We have checked  variable position  and total  votes of 2017   , there is  coefficient in these two variables the Y is  explaining significantly . The R squared values shown .4043 is sign of  the variable is  explained .40  , also the T values if extreme minus or plus I associated with high  coefficients. 
 
Let’s  do  the Multi regression  we will check  with all variables and we found these are the  variable having high significant 
Short Name	Description 	Short Name	Description 
CAND_AGE        	Age of Candidate 	PARTY_BSP      	BSP
VOTE_2017      	Validated Vote of 2017	PATRY_INC      	INC
CRIM_CASE      	Criminal Record	PARTY_IND      	IND
TOTA_ASST      	Total Assts	PARTY_NINSHAD  	NIBSHAD
CATEGORY        	Cast 	PARTY_RLD      	RLD
PARTY_ADAL     	ADAL	PARTY_SBSP     	SBSP
PARTY_BJP      	BJP	PARTY_SP     	SP 

 
Dropping the irrelevant variables  from the liner set .
 

Further we checked VIF , we found  Vote 2017 is having value more than 5 ,hence it is sign of multicollinearity  , so we have to  take it out .
 
Preparing the final modules of liner regression  and dropped the variables whose  VIF is more than 
 
We have predicted the fit lines  and understand these are the major factors helped the candidates to win the election in 2017 
 
 

5	LOGISTIC REGRESSION
For logistic regression we will be used all these  variables, the POSITION _2017 variables  values we overwritten with 1 or 0 , value 1 stands for winning candidates , value 0 is stands for other winning  candidates . 
 
  
Checking bionomical outputs of  variable POSITON _2017 and VOTE_2017 
 
Plotting VOTE_2017  and POSITION_2017
 
Here x=1 is the line which separates the given y=0 and y=1 ion a logistic function. It is because y=0 and y=1 makes the perpendicular line and x=1 is the horizontal line which cuts the perpendicular line and separates the line. The logistic function is a sigmoid curve
 
We got only few variables are explaining here Y ( VOTE_2017,MALE_LITC,FEMALE_LITC,CRIM_CASE)
 
Seems the model is not great ,it may be overfitting  , we got false classifications = 1425+99
Hence, we may end with the conclusion that  module is performing 98%, we cannot process further its overfilled  module .
 


6	PREPARING K-NEAREST NEIGHBORS

We have prepared  the data set  for KNN Modeling with splitting some dummy variable of education
It is 26 variable with 5307 variables      
 
Pitching data set for train and test
 
Scaling the data set for analyzation 
 
Checking K value with  -3 (Value of K can be chosen basis the sqrt of n)
 
K value of 19
 
K value of 2
 




7	PREPARING   NAÏVE BAYES CLASSIFICATION

 Extracting data  set for test and train with ration of 70 and 30 
 
A training model is created by using naïve Bayes function. The model is used to predict the survival status of a random sample
 
a vector containing outcomes for each sample. ‘nb’ is a string specifying that the classification model is naïve Bayes
 
Accuracy of NB
 
8	SOURCE CODE

---
## [Pyramid-Apex-Games/Polyhedron](https://github.com/Pyramid-Apex-Games/Polyhedron)@[2b9c61bdc7...](https://github.com/Pyramid-Apex-Games/Polyhedron/commit/2b9c61bdc7de5094d195dd46912d40eace181da3)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 15:37:26 by WatIsDeze

Show the mouse when compiled in debug mode. (Yes it is a pain in the ass, but at least you can use your IDE for debugging when shit hits the fan alright?)

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[0b66ee2f24...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/0b66ee2f2468b3c6e31555490dce1e9bcf08e97f)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 17:13:54 by Marko Grdinić

"12:35pm. Let me do the chores here. I'll be helping around the house for a while.

I needed an excuse to get away from the screen anyway.

4:30pm. I am back. Somehow the manual labor felt right at this time. I am not in the right mental state to really resume work on Spiral.

https://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/ejbwvb/r_single_biological_neuron_can_compute_xor/

Maybe I should apologize to the ML crowd. The information value of various ML experiments is low, but it might be possible to get somewhere by scaling it in a principled fashion.

https://venturebeat.com/2020/01/02/top-minds-in-machine-learning-predict-where-ai-is-going-in-2020/

It has really been a while since I did anything ML related.

yosuf-bengio: "I believe 2020 will be a great the year for AI hardware.

* First AI accelerator startups will launch their products, thus increasing competition

* Google release their 4th-gen TPUs and already announced their next-gen edge-TPU

* Nvidia introduce their 7nm GPUs

* Intel announces their first PCIe GPU lineup, which will most likely support DL applications

* Advances in compiler technology, e.g. Glow, XLA, MLIR, make it easier for hardware companies to support for common DL frameworks

* Developments in pretraining/self-supervised learning methods will increase the demand for compute"

This post is hope to me.

4:50pm. It seems the new Madoka anime is not out yet.

Well, whatever.

Before I start chilling for real, let me just put in a few words. I need to rant until it runs out.

I need to go back to my old plan.

2019 was sort of a waste - I succeeded in getting good at Agda/etc, but failed at all the reasons taking it up in the first place.

I need to get back to what I was doing in 2018, except this time less maniacal berserking and more measured steps.

5pm. The fundamentals of the whole situation have not changed. I think given how things were, nobody could begrudge me for seriously trying formal theorem proving, but that has been tried and done with.

As a human, I can really be the best at one thing - and since I am fishing for the Singularity, I might as well become the best language creator in the world. That should be a stable existence. And it is an achievable goal. I have the design for it, I just need to create Spiral v0.2.

It is important that I get into the swing of things.

Right now it does feel like the parser is swallowing me up, but the Real Deal would not have much issue with it. If it was me from February 2019, I would have taken care of the parser in a few days and have gone on my merry day.

5:10pm. The best, huh?

If it was some superhuman agent, I bet he would manage to create a language with all the benefits of Spiral and a fully dependent type system. And not only that, he would make the difficult things in DTLs of today easy in his own language.

5:30pm. I have to gather the will to get the ball rolling in a big way.

Basically, rather than redoing the libraries like I did in in v0.1, I want to resume where I stopped in v0.09 while the taking the best aspects of v0.1 (which are mostly under the hood).

I have to start making small gains once again. They are what will get me going.

5:35pm. I was too egoistic to think that I could get anywhere with math. If it was that easy the math guys would have already done it.

But at the same time, I cannot be timid.

Computers are in my blood. I need to get back at looking into ways of upping my programming skill once more.

I do not really feel like competing in the ML library area with Facebook and Google anymore, but nonetheless with Spiral there should be ways of taking advantage of the circumstances in ways that are impossible in other languages.

I need to aim for games.

As much as I'd like to give up poker and do something more interesting, it is still a good target. I need to make a game and throw everything there is at it.

Only then will my soul be at peace.

Mastering games was something that humans were destined for from the start.

And in this era, it should be my calling.

5:40pm. The low style is the most powerful. Randomized testing thing is an important part of its answer to the question of the future.

Randomized testing is the divine technique behind everything. The silent conqueror and the faithful companion.

It was my intention to take risks with my identity for the sake of attaining the power of self-improvement.

If I am a true seeker of the Singularity, I need to start behaving like one. I need to start taking risks with the algorithms themselves.

As a part of that it will be my honor to create Spiral - the language closest to the true one that is computability.

What I have in v0.2 is just the first half of it.

It is a great half, but am I really going to let work be undone, when completing it should vastly improve its productivity and scaling properties?

5:50pm. I said poker, but for v0.2 I really want to try something new. Something other that a ML library or RL agent for poker specifically.

I want a refresher.

Trying something novel will reinvigorate me.

I do not want to build everything from scratch. I want some easy wins this time.

Hmmm...the first thing that comes to mind is programming contests. Maybe I should try to win one using Spiral?

I am really bereft of ideas that don't involve AI in some form.

5:55pm. I want to take a step back from targeting AI directly, and want to work on making a net. I've killed myself in the past 5 years from work and I do not want to do that again. The language itself should be my primary focus, but as a safeguard for the future, not as a primary vehicle towards achieving some aim.

6pm. I kind of want those wins badly, but a sign of maturity is to just do things for their own sake.

A poker agent and a ML library is not that difficult anyway.

What is hard is compressing all of that to nothing.

A sign of skill is to make it all look easy.

...

Here is what is going to happen. I am going to give myself a bit more to think about it. A bit more to rest. And then I am going to take the reigns and take off without looking back.

Nearly 5 years have elapsed since this quest started back in 2015.

By this point, I've pretty much covered the entire spectrum of programming.

There isn't really much for me to explore anymore.

DTLs were probably the hardest challenge I could face, and blew those things out of the water.

I think it is time to settle.

It will take me 1-2 months to get the language up to par with v0.1, and then I will be able to program in it while the work on the typechecker starts in the background.

In six months I will be pretty much done and will be able to look into things like caching compilation residuals and editor support.

6:05pm. This seems like an extreme schedule, but I should be able to meet it.

It is not like in 2017.

I am good now.

And I should be able to prove that at least.

I should be able to prove that I am the appex of humanity in the small area that is programming which is all about composing small informal proofs in one's head.

I do not want to end up being some poser like those rationalists.

I want to earn my own Singularity.

And I have the power to do it.

6:10pm. It is not programming itself that is fun.

It is getting better at it."

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[04bde06095...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/04bde06095215f27cef0be01ce4d831ab2719591)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 19:01:04 by wm4

stream_libarchive: some more hacks to improve multi-volume archives

Instead of opening every volume on start just to see if it's there, all
all volumes that could possibly exist, and "handle" it on opening. This
requires working around some of libarchive's amazing stupidity and using
some empirically determined behavior. Will possibly break if libarchive
changes some of this behavior.

See: #7182

---
## [DFortun81/AllTheThings](https://github.com/DFortun81/AllTheThings)@[ef95c03e10...](https://github.com/DFortun81/AllTheThings/commit/ef95c03e100339654eaf80dd53529445ec795270)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 20:00:47 by Dmitry Volodin

- added race/class aliases (you can use words instead of numbers now, beep!)
- added Brotherly Love quest version for demon hunters
- fixed The Crawg Ma'da and A Message of Blood and Fire quests

---
## [GabrielRavier/Cave-Story-Engine-2](https://github.com/GabrielRavier/Cave-Story-Engine-2)@[b81023f63c...](https://github.com/GabrielRavier/Cave-Story-Engine-2/commit/b81023f63cab2a4b827e04188147e5ba345577b6)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 21:38:49 by Clownacy

Fix a bug in River.tsc that affects portability

Funny story: so, there's a bugged TSC command in this file, which
causes it to try to read a flag beyond the end of the flag array.
If the memory it reads happens to be set to true, then it will
attempt to jump to an invalid event number, causing a crash.

Since I don't want to riddle CSE2's codebase with ugly compatibility
hacks, I think it's best to just fix the TSC file directly.

---
## [majestrate/bitchan](https://github.com/majestrate/bitchan)@[5fefe8646d...](https://github.com/majestrate/bitchan/commit/5fefe8646d8ebe97807c47c6b8da51cfb89b8201)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 22:03:24 by Jeff Becker

the web was a mistake, node is shit and needs to die, the w3c shall never be forgiven.

---
## [Aetherum17/Elder-Scrolls-Universalis](https://github.com/Aetherum17/Elder-Scrolls-Universalis)@[e866dfff6a...](https://github.com/Aetherum17/Elder-Scrolls-Universalis/commit/e866dfff6a1b8c8e2312662e890bca8916e71526)
#### Saturday 2020-01-04 22:49:59 by theolaa

White-Gold Tower V1

A basic version of the White-Gold tower has been added on the Imperial Isle.

A couple silly bugs have been fixed, most notably my idiotic use of "*" for commenting in the ambient_object.txt instead of "#".

---

# [<](2020-01-03.md) 2020-01-04 [>](2020-01-05.md)

