# [<](2020-04-30.md) 2020-05-01 [>](2020-05-02.md)

2,444,776 events, 1,296,240 push events, 1,964,218 commit messages, 137,174,073 characters


## [newstools/2020-sowetan-live](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sowetan-live)@[1c8da144e1...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-sowetan-live/commit/1c8da144e1a7a043e0941a5147c51fcb39d38780)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 00:02:06 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.sowetanlive.co.za/sport/soccer/2020-04-30-we-have-lost-a-brother-friends-remember-much-loved-umhlobo-wenene-presenter-loyiso-sitsheke/]

---
## [maxieds/MyProtestToTheIllinoisDMCATakedownActOf2017](https://github.com/maxieds/MyProtestToTheIllinoisDMCATakedownActOf2017)@[98ecbb1f86...](https://github.com/maxieds/MyProtestToTheIllinoisDMCATakedownActOf2017/commit/98ecbb1f86b62e3fc3ae5d55b403ae2afe6bdabd)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 00:02:08 by Maxie D. Schmidt

A few more pieces of my mind for peace of mind :peace_symbol: :love_letter:

As my aunt likes to say (sarcastically): "Luv U!". To which I might retort: "Das Vidanya, bitches!". 

As the pile of dead trolls amasses on my desk still, I have this growing raging, burning even, urge inside of me to light the Jason troll doll on fire starting with its wee wee little tail. I am however indoors and too sane of mind to satisfy myself in that way. In case anyone wanted to know what the insinuation is: Mr. Zych now has dabbled in theoretical physics of all things by inspiration of his "beautiful" mind. He wants to "employ" me (so to speak) to get the math done for him. I might have rolled the dice before it became insultingly transparent what ruse and who the devil was doing. So instead I threw those fucking dice (and harder than even he might like) at his little pin head. With a balance of power shift firmly gripped by the bitch in the room, once he realized the loss of control of the great speaking stick, "my" worlock shut his fucking mouth and started incanting his vulgarity at me in silent treatment mode. Been there, done that. I'll consider that peaceful moment another tick and smiley face on my ledger of battles with him towards me winning the war. 

Any one not creative enough in mind, or cynical enough to know that the above is not insanity on impact, clearly hasn't met this man before. For even he know not what he do to the female mindset (so to speak).

---
## [chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod)@[b972f978c4...](https://github.com/chaosvolt/cdda-arcana-mod/commit/b972f978c445a727f1d00bdda60a9408edb6e4ce)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 02:36:03 by Chaosvolt

[WIP] Johnathan and Sofia's final missions

1. Added the last mission for Johnathan. It's prefaced with a basic
investigative mission, regarding the player to gather intel to pinpoint
the location of a suspected anomaly and clean out the source. Players
with the correct traits, stats, or skills can potentially opt to
investigate more directly, poking around at the site of once anomalous
attack to acquire clues.
2. Main fallback method is simply talking to a
variety of the major NPCs, just like how the most basic way to fulfill
Sofia's fourth mission entails talking to a given number of a wide
selection of NPCs. The old guard representative can directly provide
everything you need if you've reached Marshal (otherwise he can only
provide one datapoint), and the hermit is also valid to go to for
resolving the quest. The arcanist merchant acquired if you resolved
Sofia's fifth mission peacefully will even outright suggest talking to
the hermit, when asked about it.
3. However you end up helping Johnathan
narrow down the location, this unlocks his final mission, to hunt down a
specific newly-added monster in a new anomaly. The exact contents of the
location and what you encounter there is a fair bit of a spoiler.
Suffice to say there is a new monster or two, new traps, spell
effects/interactions, and the like to make the location challenging to
get through. Most of the threats available can all in some way be
mitigated by the various tools at your disposal, especially late-game
magical items.
4. Some rebalancing regarding how certain monsters in
arcana use cold-type damage, making it a bit more more prevalent among
ghostly critters, plus some tweaks to summoned hunting horrors and
summoned shadow snakes.
5. Set it so that Holy Ward protects against
cold-type damage as well.
6. Set it so that Consecrate and similar
spells affect summoned monsters as well as basic nether critters, also
made the archon fields less common when called by the gaze attack,
7.
Removed a subspell I'd accidentally added for a spell that was scrapped
and never committed (due to causing crashes if misused).

---
## [gotify/server-aur-git](https://github.com/gotify/server-aur-git)@[22af44f01c...](https://github.com/gotify/server-aur-git/commit/22af44f01c0c8297be14ab9413659f0275909203)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 02:53:33 by Matthias Lisin

Improve various tiny things.

- Remove variable in install= to shut up the vim lint. It's fixed anyway
- arch: Rename armv7 to armv7h
- Replace fixed _commit with magnificent and mostly unknown magic trick.
- yarn: Drop --non-interactive. I assume it's assumed when invoked by makepkg
- Move `date` inside of -ldflags. Cmd is short enough and good to read.
- Do the opposite of what I preached earlier and add CGO_* vars (Sorry)
- Add (incomplete) GOFLAGS env. It is exported, therefore picked up by
  `go test` as well, but without -trimpath.

---
## [johngro/factorio-tools](https://github.com/johngro/factorio-tools)@[5a9bce0721...](https://github.com/johngro/factorio-tools/commit/5a9bce072144ee92444322331c4fa00f235e1d75)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 03:07:13 by John Grossman

Massive hacks to make Bob's strings work.

Bob's mods seem to override a lot of things in some very interesting
ways which can end up producing some odd results when it comes to
figuring out the names of recipies and items.  Implement a bunch of
hacks which are my current best effort at making things turn out
correctly.

1) Attempt to expand string templates multiple times in the
   localization string table, and do so before we start to localize
   the names of strings and items.  Bob's mods sometimes go through
   multiple levels of indirection and overrides, and we need to make
   sure that we have everything fixed up correctly before proceeding
   to extraction of the localized names.  In theory, we should have a
   proper cycle detector here, but I got lazy and just ended up
   putting a limit on the number of passes we make in attempting to
   refine the table.
2) If an object actually has localized strings assigned to them, use
   those strings to produce the object name, expanding parameters as
   we do so.  Again, Bob's makes extensive use of these, and for items
   in particular which is important for the next item which is...
3) Prefer the name of the item produced by a recipe (if it produces
   only one) and the recipe does not have an explicit localized name.
   See comments in the code, but Bob's inserter mods are a good
   example of where this matters.

---
## [maxieds/MyProtestToTheIllinoisDMCATakedownActOf2017](https://github.com/maxieds/MyProtestToTheIllinoisDMCATakedownActOf2017)@[13c182c7db...](https://github.com/maxieds/MyProtestToTheIllinoisDMCATakedownActOf2017/commit/13c182c7dbad5b969102c8a044ce8421e54e0645)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 03:43:58 by Maxie D. Schmidt

:speech_balloon: STAY AWAY!! :love_letter: :skull: :rage4: :gift_heart: :bouquet: :hocho: :game_die: :beginner: :secret: :mobile_phone_off: :gem: :warning: :gun: :zap: :closed_lock_with_key: :bangbang:

I recently found out digging through old UIUC sites that there was a faulty, and shamefully uncorrected, premise in my dealings with King Zych of 1404 lecture hall fame over 2004-2005. Jason has had a covert obsessive "crush" on me since I was a CS freshmen taking his classes so many years ago. Way after the initial, what I will have to call for his romanticism, "courtship" began, I found out he was married, e.g., somehow that I should be construed as some harlot and whore -- even though I didn't "fuck" him that year. Until recently I assumed he was married when we "met" in his required classes. I have now become aware that he was actually the bachelor I assumed he was then, and acted so much like, until the conclusion of my leaving CS225 in April of 2005, when he made a crucial bit of decision making that should have changed the course of the history of my bullshit and having to put up with him and the indecent proposals allowed your typical male libido in their 30's.

Once Mr. Zych assumed form as a married man, this should have precluded any so-called relationship I ever should have been subjected to at the hands to him and the CS faculty friends of his (not, never mine) that knew he followed me around. When he later followed me to the Pacific Northwest in 2014 (and onwards), my only question is where this spontaneous "love affair" of his could possibly have developed? Especially since I never had any direct in-person contact with him after a mild eye contact based flirtation previously sitting in the back of his lecture hall. Was it in 2004 when he would read my email? In 2005 when he smiled at me and realized I was a CS major, not math taking Java? Or is this experience something more insidious altogether? 

I will never know. He has left me no phone, no active email communication, nor did he respond to the bouquet of ascii art flowers (and a monospaced rose) I messaged him over LinkedIn for Valentines Day in 2018 -- around the time he decided to find me on campus (without feeling the need to speak to me, say my name, or a three word phrase that would have explained in clear tone his reason for existing there), and at my apartment, and so on. 

Given the recent online attack he subjected me to on the Google devil's unpatrolled, uniformly hacked sites, I want to make this message painfully clear: **Jason**, baby (baby boy), STAY the fuck AWAY from me in the southern US! Capiche, cupcake?

---
## [ivanstame/tierramia](https://github.com/ivanstame/tierramia)@[5513999767...](https://github.com/ivanstame/tierramia/commit/5513999767b100ef40fe54856381471aede085d9)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 05:47:19 by Ivan

piece of absolute fucking bullshit son of a bitch go to hell motherfucker

---
## [kharkarag/continuous-alpha-npi](https://github.com/kharkarag/continuous-alpha-npi)@[90a6986aa1...](https://github.com/kharkarag/continuous-alpha-npi/commit/90a6986aa142f151a868c4c4486ab11980a791d5)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 05:51:37 by sickinger

Git Notes
A lot of these are probably bugs because we couldn’t actually test test it so we made mistakes and didn’t catch them.  I’m putting everything here from the enviornmnet in case I changed something I shouldn’t have.

Added preconditions to all functions the return true

Line 238 in draw_env: Changed return self._obesrve() to self.get_observation()
Moved self.has_been_reset = True above the return

In drawenv I changed current pixel data to always be a numpy array.  It was a pixel access object before which I don’t think was the intention.  I’ll probably branch this tonight before pushing so I don’t break everything.

In draw_env DrawEnvEncoder forward added line x = x.view(-1,1,200,200) to get the flattened data to fit the convolutional layer and removed the dilation=0 in __init__ because a convoution apparently won’t take 0.

The encoding dim in the DrawEnvEncoder is setting the number of output covolutions so we end up with the encoder outputting 32 200x200 canvases.  I’m added the max pooling and changed the output layer to a densenet with output dim outputs.  I don’t know if that will work but I can debug a lot of the rest of it and we can change it later If we need to.
I significantly changed the encoding network so we should probably look at the parameters once it’s running.

Changed the activation function for the beta output of ContinuousActorNet from ReLu to SoftPlus to force it positive.  Sampling from the numpy beta distribution doens’t take zero as a valid input.

The in _move in draw_env,   line  (and other shape) fucntions from skimage/draw only take ints as inputs.  I hacked something with np.linspace so I could keep debugging but we’re going to have to have something real there later.  I think you said you had something you had written already that you replaced so I just did something I could write quickly.

I changed the post condition for line in the same way to generate the drawing.  I also changed line to return the target canvas as well as if it was complete.  I needed the target for get_reward() to give a reward that the value network uses for loss.  I don’t think this will break anything but it seems inefficient to make the target board again and again.

I changed self.stride in draw_env to 1 as I think it is how far the move command is moving each call.

Removed the self arguments from the postcondition functions that take arguments

I had widened nodes take the beta parameters from their parents because I think they should still be good for initial values as rewards are moving back up the rollout.  I need to go back and check if I need to do a forward pass to get different parameters.

I put in some code in move to keep it from going off the grid.  Right now it just puts it back where it was so it should learn going off the edge doesn’t increase reward but we may want to add a penalty if it keeps trying to move in that directions

---
## [Detective-Google/Citadel-Station-13](https://github.com/Detective-Google/Citadel-Station-13)@[2832b86e11...](https://github.com/Detective-Google/Citadel-Station-13/commit/2832b86e11302159ef4b7656db669b934f0ba80e)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 06:18:13 by Detective Google

some map fixes, fixes the station_ruin loader shitting out errors this commit took 2 hours of my fucking life

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[eb841e8415...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/eb841e84154d1385505a0583eadae6bebe07f66d)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 06:47:26 by Neslon-Poggers

bullshit

- added a FUCKTON of coverpoints to Framing Frame Day 1 (if art gallery uses the same level and nav data as fuckin framing frame it'll work there too. not sure but uh for now just play framing frame day 1 and witness the chaos!!!)
- moved bex guys to bex package (all was fine during playtesting)
- unfucked some bex faction stuff. fixed uv seam on rifleman helm and made heavy rifleman use shotgunner acc, fixed shotgunner acc missing textures due to freaked filepath
- killed unit_mat on non accs in bex
- updated slaughterhaus shit to fix stuff
- klungo

---
## [Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable)@[c6fc27c41d...](https://github.com/Stephen-M-Anderson/Olaf-the-Unhuggable/commit/c6fc27c41dc895c462d44975c394dd836e8ba376)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 09:57:56 by Chrismorales116

grappling kinda works?

"It ain't beautiful and it ain't perfect but at least its somethin"

- Christian Morales 2020, on the subject of "his cock"

---
## [Thagoo/Triton_kernel_xiaomi_msm8917](https://github.com/Thagoo/Triton_kernel_xiaomi_msm8917)@[135ceec535...](https://github.com/Thagoo/Triton_kernel_xiaomi_msm8917/commit/135ceec535a10c57247ba651cc9226cb28887f9d)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 11:33:23 by Ahmad Thoriq Najahi

Initial Overclock GPU Andreno-308 650MhZ for Xiaomi Redmi 4a.

Credits and Thanks to XolosKernel / @Genom48

Cherry-pick always keep Authorship, Fuck you Kangers.

Signed-off-by: Ahmad Thoriq Najahi <tlogitechnjhi@gmail.com>

---
## [xXBlackMaskXx/BlackArrow](https://github.com/xXBlackMaskXx/BlackArrow)@[413fb55a86...](https://github.com/xXBlackMaskXx/BlackArrow/commit/413fb55a86efc864989c0e4e7af717e89c7f3e6e)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 13:47:40 by Adrian Marciniuk

Fuck you and don't delete my configuration files, fucking SDDM

---
## [tiborsimko/dotfiles](https://github.com/tiborsimko/dotfiles)@[3d981db545...](https://github.com/tiborsimko/dotfiles/commit/3d981db545898ec449787ca79a76ba36242332eb)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 13:57:28 by Tibor Šimko

vim: starts new personal configuration

Removes space-vim and starts afresh new personal vimrc configuration,
not using any vim distribution, as in the days of old. Since I virtually
stopped using Spacemacs, the decision to stop using space-vim as well
was an easy one to take.

Note that this fixes some annoyances I had observed with space-vim, such
as the issue with starting at a wanted line vs remembering the last file
location <https://github.com/liuchengxu/space-vim/issues/407>. This
works perfectly well with vanilla vim.

P.S. Space-vim is a really nice and lean vim distribution, and I like
that it does not pretend to be more than a good example for inspiration.
In space-vim's own FAQ advice: "You definitely ought to abandon it when
you grow up. A real vimmer never use anyone else's vimrc. With enough
knowledge, you should write your own config from scratch, do things
exactly what you want."

Signed-off-by: Tibor Šimko <tibor.simko@cern.ch>

---
## [noborus/jpug-doc](https://github.com/noborus/jpug-doc)@[afaf48afb1...](https://github.com/noborus/jpug-doc/commit/afaf48afb107b58863d098a4bebf97f78971c1fe)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 14:38:00 by Tom Lane

Further fix ALTER COLUMN TYPE's handling of indexes and index constraints.

This patch reverts all the code changes of commit e76de8861, which turns
out to have been seriously misguided.  We can't wait till later to compute
the definition string for an index; we must capture that before applying
the data type change for any column it depends on, else ruleutils.c will
deliverr wrong/misleading results.  (This fine point was documented
nowhere, of course.)

I'd also managed to forget that ATExecAlterColumnType executes once per
ALTER COLUMN TYPE clause, not once per statement; which resulted in the
code being basically completely broken for any case in which multiple ALTER
COLUMN TYPE clauses are applied to a table having non-constraint indexes
that must be rebuilt.  Through very bad luck, none of the existing test
cases nor the ones added by e76de8861 caught that, but of course it was
soon found in the field.

The previous patch also had an implicit assumption that if a constraint's
index had a dependency on a table column, so would the constraint --- but
that isn't actually true, so it didn't fix such cases.

Instead of trying to delete unneeded index dependencies later, do the
is-there-a-constraint lookup immediately on seeing an index dependency,
and switch to remembering the constraint if so.  In the unusual case of
multiple column dependencies for a constraint index, this will result in
duplicate constraint lookups, but that's not that horrible compared to all
the other work that happens here.  Besides, such cases did not work at all
before, so it's hard to argue that they're performance-critical for anyone.

Per bug #15865 from Keith Fiske.  As before, back-patch to all supported
branches.

Discussion: https://postgr.es/m/15865-17940eacc8f8b081@postgresql.org

---
## [adisbladis/nixpkgs](https://github.com/adisbladis/nixpkgs)@[ac50996ba0...](https://github.com/adisbladis/nixpkgs/commit/ac50996ba04d82927060adaabe5c130fb06ec9e6)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 18:06:25 by adisbladis

Python: introduce NIX_PYTHONPREFIX in order to set site.PREFIXES

This is needed in case of `python.buildEnv` to make sure site.PREFIXES
does not only point to the unwrapped executable prefix.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This PR is a story where your valiant hero sets out on a very simple adventure but ends up having to slay dragons, starts questioning his own sanity and finally manages to gain enough knowledge to slay the evil dragon and finally win the proverbial price.

It all started out on sunny spring day with trying to tackle the Nixops plugin infrastructure and make that nice enough to work with.

Our story begins in the shanty town of [NixOps-AWS](https://github.com/nixos/nixops-aws) where [mypy](http://mypy-lang.org/) type checking has not yet been seen.

As our deuteragonist (@grahamc) has made great strides in the capital city of [NixOps](https://github.com/nixos/nixops) our hero wanted to bring this out into the land and let the people rejoice in reliability and a wonderful development experience.

The plugin work itself was straight forward and our hero quickly slayed the first small dragon, at this point things felt good and our hero thought he was going to reach the town of NixOps-AWS very quickly.

But alas! Mypy did not want to go, it said:
`Cannot find implementation or library stub for module named 'nixops'`

Our hero felt a small sliver of life escape from his body. Things were not going to be so easy.

After some frustration our hero discovered there was a [rule of the land of Python](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0561/) that governed the import of types into the kingdom, more specificaly a very special document (file) called `py.typed`.
Things were looking good.

But no, what the law said did not seem to match reality. How could things be so?

After some frustrating debugging our valiant hero thought to himself "Hmm, I wonder if this is simply a Nix idiosyncrasy", and it turns out indeed it was.
Things that were working in the blessed way of the land of Python (inside a `virtualenv`) were not working the way they were from his home town of Nix (`nix-shell` + `python.withPackages`).

After even more frustrating attempts at reading the mypy documentation and trying to understand how things were supposed to work our hero started questioning his sanity.
This is where things started to get truly interesting.

Our hero started to use a number of powerful weapons, both forged in the land of Python (pdb) & by the mages of UNIX (printf-style-debugging & strace).

After first trying to slay the dragon simply by `strace` and a keen eye our hero did not spot any weak points.
Time to break out a more powerful sword (`pdb`) which also did not divulge any secrets about what was wrong.

Our hero went back to the `strace` output and after a fair bit of thought and analysis a pattern started to emerge. Mypy was looking in the wrong place (i.e. not in in the environment created by `python.withPackages` but in the interpreter store path) and our princess was in another castle!

Our hero went to the pub full of old grumpy men giving out the inner workings of the open source universe (Github) and acquired a copy of Mypy.
He littered the code with print statements & break points.
After a fierce battle full of blood, sweat & tears he ended up in https://github.com/python/mypy/blob/20f7f2dd71c21bde4d3d99f9ab69bf6670c7fa03/mypy/sitepkgs.py and realised that everything came down to the Python `site` module and more specifically https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/site.html#site.getsitepackages which in turn relies on https://docs.python.org/3.7/library/site.html#site.PREFIXES .

Our hero created a copy of the environment created by `python.withPackages` and manually modified it to confirm his findings, and it turned out it was indeed the case.
Our hero had damaged the dragon and it was time for a celebration.

He went out and acquired some mead which he ingested while he typed up his story and waited for the dragon to finally die (the commit caused a mass-rebuild, I had to wait for my repro).

In the end all was good in [NixOps-AWS](https://github.com/nixos/nixops-aws)-town and type checks could run. (PR for that incoming tomorrow).

(cherry picked from commit d88a7735d29cf7aeab1753ba4c2efb4654201620)

---
## [aasudeh/hpsg-handbook](https://github.com/aasudeh/hpsg-handbook)@[47532722eb...](https://github.com/aasudeh/hpsg-handbook/commit/47532722ebbaa9863e554f4db16e1d2e9739ad99)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 21:23:33 by Ash Asudeh

Holy shit this was an annoying debugging session. Grrrr

---
## [chef-cookbooks/deploy_resource](https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/deploy_resource)@[39e17c8202...](https://github.com/chef-cookbooks/deploy_resource/commit/39e17c820293b4b8e0442419ccc1966e2a9d3aa5)
#### Friday 2020-05-01 22:38:20 by Lamont Granquist

Chef 16 fixes

The require line here was never necessary.  Someone who knew java
at some point probably though you needed it, but due to duck typing
it doesn't matter.  All that matters is the symbols that are referenced.
Someone more familiar with Java probably wrote the deploy resource back
in 2009 or so.

The only symbol that was referenced was Chef::Provider::Git.
Theoretically it should require that, but it can rely on chef-client to
have required that via the `resources.rb` file.

The other fix is that the magical DSL wiring via the class name for
library based resources+providers has been removed in Chef-16, so had to
add that.

What is curious there is that the timestamped provider is declaring a
`provides :deploy` while the actual Chef::Provider::Deploy class is
getting the magical wiring to `provides :deploy` on the DSL.  I think
that this preserves backwards compatibility but I wouldn't bet my life
on it.  The alphanumeric sort order of the library loading code should
mean that the provider_deploy.rb file is loaded first, and that class is
wired up to the `deploy` DSL magically, then the provider_timestamped.rb
is loaded and that class is wired up to the `deploy` DSL explicitly, and
that seems to be the clear intent of the author.  In Chef-16 that
magical wiring is gone, but the behavior should be backcompatible due to
the sort order of the library resource loading.

And that paragraph largely explains why both of these changes need to be
made.  If you don't understand, offhand, what is going on there without
needing to be reminded of it and/or are still confused about that
paragraph, the point is to remove all the complexity.  Going forwards in
Chef-16 there is no magical class-name based load ordering to worry
about.  It becomes a thing nobody needs to care about.  Similarly
abstract base classes like Chef::Provider::Deploy here or the
Chef::Resource::Scm provider in core chef need to be removed and
replaced with partials, both to convert resources to custom resources
and to be clear that there is not a class there which can be
instantiated usefully.  This is also part of the march towards custom
resources everywhere and eliminating library resources+provides like
this one (which is why this one broke in Chef-16).

And the biggest reason why is that I'm the only person on the planet
that understands this stuff offhand and I don't scale and I can't be
called in as an airstrike on every situation that arises.  These changes
are necessary to remove all the sharp edges from using chef-client.

Signed-off-by: Lamont Granquist <lamont@scriptkiddie.org>

---

# [<](2020-04-30.md) 2020-05-01 [>](2020-05-02.md)

