# [<](2020-11-10.md) 2020-11-11 [>](2020-11-12.md)

2,893,097 events, 1,536,631 push events, 2,320,331 commit messages, 163,103,666 characters


## [Ixarias/mcautoback](https://github.com/Ixarias/mcautoback)@[e49445e4cb...](https://github.com/Ixarias/mcautoback/commit/e49445e4cb7b12894b45c6cad770fe8faf20526c)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 00:48:45 by Ixarias

ok actually for real this time fuck you gityhuadfj

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[43e821c474...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/43e821c4744a854922f3b3df2594b83bc44790f8)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 02:51:13 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Cell chargers now respect the law of conservation of energy. (#1668)

* Cell chargers now respect the law of conservation of energy. (#54886)

## About The Pull Request

Hopefully I can make this PR as knowledge filled as possible, so sit down and buckle up, because we're about to talk about POWER USE.

So, machines use power. The station uses power. Without power, key, critical aspects of the game don't function, and keeping the station's lifeblood pumped with electricity is the primary goal of the engineering department. Cool. So there's currently 2 methods of "power use" that machines can use, that is, through the passive use of power (Assigned by the `idle_power_usage` and `active_power_usage` variables), or through the `use_power()` proc. What's interesting, is that neither proc actually draws directly from the cell of the APC, which is sort of assumed by a proc called `use_power()`, after all. Where the passive power draw aspect of an APC is done automatically as machines are processed, and then applied to the APC seperately, taking power per cycle, use_power just applies a temporary blip of power usage to one of the APC's power tracks (Equipment, Lighting, or Enviroment). One would assume then that this temporary power drain would apply for long enough that it would apply the intended cost to the cell, and then turn off.

But I'm making this PR, right?

So the most egregious issue this brings is in terms of the cell recharger. If you place a power cell into a cell recharger, the recharger calls use_power every processing tick in order to reduce the APC cell by an equivalent amount to what the cell is intending to gain in charge. After all, you're just moving the charge from the APC to the power cell, plus the processing charge required by the cell_charger. However, lets look a bit closer at how use_power actually works. For this example we'll use a default, unupgraded cell recharger attempting to put it's default 250 watts into an empty bluespace cell.
Because power is heavily linked to the area that the machinery is placed in, we snag the area, determine the power channel, and call a use power proc on the area. The area use power proc simply adds that 250 watts, or rather joules into the equipment power channel of the APC, a part of power usage. All of this is parroted over to the APC's processing side, where the actual cost to the power cell is calcualted as follows:
`var/cellused = min(cell.charge, GLOB.CELLRATE * lastused_total)	// clamp deduction to a max, amount left in cell
		cell.use(cellused)`
So that number, the 250 joules of power we're calling to the cell, is actually being multiplied by a global cellrate, which is applied to every power drain on the station, actually charging the APC cell a total of 0.5 kj.
Based on some rumentary math and some experimentation, I filled a full bluespace power cell with 40Mj of power using 351 Kj of power from a standard, stock APC cell with no other drain except the 5 joules of power draw from the cell recharger.

So: What does this mean?

- Power draw is completely fucking busted (We knew this).
- Using two power cells, an APC, and an inducer, you can create infinite energy, anywhere, at zero cost to the station.
- We really need to make cell recharging a direct power draw.

Thankfully, that last one actually fits the portfolio of being a fix!
This adds a new proc to machines called `directly_use_power`. It does what it says on the tin, directly charges the APC for instances where power is going 1-1 from a power cell to another cell, in order to prevent infinite energy exploits.

## Why It's Good For The Game

Power is all kinds of unbalanced. Attempting to enforce the concept that a single unit of power is equal to itself is probably a good step in the right direction and in all likelyhood appears to have been the original intent with cell chargers in the first place.

I'm self-aware enough to see that this has ramifications beyond just fixing an issue within the cell charger alone, so if maintainers want to close this until december that's perfectly fine, but this is one of those things that could really easily snap basic station balance in twain.

* Cell chargers now respect the law of conservation of energy.

Co-authored-by: ArcaneMusic <41715314+ArcaneMusic@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [solana-labs/example-helloworld](https://github.com/solana-labs/example-helloworld)@[0cca3ffbb6...](https://github.com/solana-labs/example-helloworld/commit/0cca3ffbb6f67c3bf32d5d03c870420ab5b2d21d)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 13:05:31 by David B

ws error: connect ECONNREFUSED 127.0.0.1:8900 (#96)

The Rust version requires access to port 8900. You'll get the error: "ws error: connect ECONNREFUSED 127.0.0.1:8900" if you run the rust version and the port forwarding is not set up. For completeness and to make the helloworld experience as error-free and troubleshoot-free as possible, I think we should add the port forwarding command to the installation instructions.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[2733f75da5...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/2733f75da53435e742389b60b4e119c8f30354d2)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 13:09:03 by Marko Grdinić

"9am. Let me chill a bit and then I will start.

9:15am. Let me start. Focus me. I've started a second playthrough of BG, but I really should just move to BG2 or something else. Still, the game is just a magical as I remember it. One of the best RPGs of all time, easily. When BG2 came out, I was surprised that it was actually even better.

Now that I am older, I see that the conversations all follow a certain structure where you have the polite and rude choices and the later will just piss of people and get you worse rewards.

So even if you are trying to play Chaotic Evil, all the Good choices always give you better rewards. If you are on the side of Good, the rewards are supposed to just manifest if you affect the right attitude. The designers of the game really do not understand Evil.

9:20am. Ultimately, their understanding of it is limited from the framework of Good. If I ever make my own game, it will definitely have an outside perspective.

Suppose BG was made from an Evil perspective - you'd be able to do game breaking stuff like rob shopkeepers of all their loot, and murder and robbery in general would be the superior option. You are already a murderhobo, but the best stuff is always concentrated in the civilized lands.

One thing the Reverend Insanity got right is that since cultivation in that story depends on resources, that is a great motivator for Fang Yuan to take the demonic path.

Once you level up, what are the people you've harmed going to do? They won't be able to touch you. That is the Evil perspective.

9:25am. In the real world, I do not think either Evil or Good are the dominant frameworks - rather as we approach the Singularity, there is only your own effort.

As for myself, the people around me cannot help me here, but they sure could delay me if I gave them the opportunity. So that is what the peasants amount to in the end, the era of mass produced weaponry has given them a swelled head. There is no point in harming them, but there is no point in being with them. This neutrality is loneliness and aggressive avoidance. It is being an expert at running away.

I do not owe them anything. My true friends are away from me. Shared goals, shared resources, shared power - that is the essence of friendship, what do you call those people who are friends on paper, but those criteria do not apply to? Acquaintances.

My own's effort is the real truth in life, and to unlock it I needed the vision of the suicide-loop self improvement. That vision is the truth of Singularity. All I need to do is make steady effort to get closer to it. Maybe I won't get to it, maybe I will, either way I will have done the right thing in life.

9:35am. The world I want is the one I will have to create.

So let me do my part for today.

Let me make that file server. Yesterday I did not want to start at 5pm, but now I have the whole day ahead of me. I need to get back to par.

```fs
type FileReq =
    | FOpen of {|uri : string; spiText : string|}
    | FChanged of {|uri : string; spiEdit : SpiEdit|}
    | FTokenRange of {|uri : string; range : VSCRange|} * VSCTokenArray IVar
    | FHoverAt of {|uri : string; pos : VSCPos|} * string option IVar
```

Let me start with this. Now I have a clear target.

10:10am. I am getting lost in thought.

```fs
let file_server fatal_errors tokenizer_errors parser_errors type_errors req req_aux =
    let dict = Dictionary()
    let fresh (uri : string) = {|
        tokenizer=tokenizer
        parser=parser (System.IO.Path.GetExtension(uri) = ".spi")
        typechecker=typechecker 0 0 Infer.top_env_default
        |}
    let get (uri : string) = Utils.memoize dict fresh uri
    let req = Stream.values req
    let req_aux = Stream.values req_aux

    let rec read =
        req ^=> function
            | FOpen x ->
                match dict.TryGetValue x.uri with
                | true, x -> ()
                | _ -> fresh.tokenizer.Run(DocumentAll(x.spiText))
    ()
```

Yeah, this is not going like this. But I have a fairly simple vision of how to maximally simplify the server.

Let me do that file stream after all. Once I do that, that will open the door for extensions to it.

11:45am. I am still thinking about it.

12:40pm. i am still thinking about it. I am in the flow state; I am having a lot of inspiration.

I think I understand what the problem was with the old servers. Or rather, I've realized that they have a problem and my new idea is superior.

```fs
type TypecheckerRes = (Bundle * Infer.InferResult * Infer.TopEnv) PersistentVector * bool
let typechecker package_id module_id (req : ParserRes Stream) : TypecheckerRes Stream =
    let req = Stream.values req
    let res = Src.create()
    let r = Src.tap res
    let rec waiting a = req ^=> fun b ->
        let rec loop s i b =
            match PersistentVector.tryNth i a, b with
            | Some(bundle,_,_ as r), bundle' :: b' when bundle = bundle' -> loop (PersistentVector.conj r s) (i+1) b'
            | _ -> s, b
        loop PersistentVector.empty 0 b.bundles |> processing
    and processing = function
        | a, [] -> Alt.prepare (Src.value res (a,true) >>- fun () -> waiting a)
        | a, b :: b' -> waiting a <|> Alt.prepare (Src.value res (a, false) >>- fun () ->
            let env =
                match PersistentVector.tryLast a with
                | Some(_,_,env) -> env
                | None -> Infer.top_env_default
            let r = Infer.infer package_id module_id env (bundle_top b)
            let a' = PersistentVector.conj (b,r,Infer.union r.top_env_additions env) a
            processing (a', b')
            )
    Hopac.server (waiting PersistentVector.empty)
    r
```

This is the old thing. The state transitions are very explicit here, but if I had just starting the typechecker as a separate process + a cancellation token, I could have made all of this a straightforward loop.

1:05pm. Damn it, I know how to make everything much better, but there is a small sync issue when it comes to error reporting that I can't work out. This is another one of those annoying 99% of the time it will work fine, but the other 1% it will be wrong, but won't affect the compilation anyway, yet I still have to work it out. It is that kind of annoying bug. The problem with cancellation tokens is that in the lag between the old process ending and the new process starting, the errors get out of line.

Even putting an if statement directly on `Src.value errors` would not deal with it 100%.

2:05pm. Done with breakfast. Let me go do the chores. I think I know how to deal with the issue that has been confusing me. I need to change my mindset. Since I obviously need to wait for the job to finish, instead of starting it and forgetting about it, in addition to the cancellation token, I'll keep around a promise of that job. Then I'll just wait on that promise when it is time to go to the next loop iteration in the server.

I think this situation is finally a good use for `Promise.start`. I finally found a reason to use it. I am really in awe at the foresight of the library's author. He really did a good job. Hopac is FParsec tier in its thoroughness.

An S ranked library all the way."

---
## [informalsystems/apalache](https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache)@[de8759fc56...](https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/commit/de8759fc56e05cb297cb4ae4e62fe38126857ec5)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 14:40:08 by Igor Konnov

Etc Branch Mono-commit

To eliminate spurious merge commits that keep showing up, this combines
all the commits from the prototyping branch frozen at #244 into a single
changeset.

added sparse tuples in the type grammar

wip: translator from TlaEx to simple typed lambda calculus for type checking

translating recursive functions

translating control operators

translating action operators

translating sequence operators

translating temporal operators

translating LET-IN

type unification for TlaType1

using integers instead of strings in VarT1

using the type parser in TestUnifier, to increase readability

refactoring tests, to make them comprehensible

unification for lists of pairs

refactored the STC language (which will become ETC soon)

the first working type checker for ETC, needs refactoring and more tests

moving the ETC related classes to etc

name change

refactoring: introduced ExactRef and BlameRef

cycle detection in unification

renaming conflicting variables

testing the type checker with the most exciting expressions, bugfix in recursion

refactoring: extracted onTypeError

handling type annotations in Typing

all methods in EtcBuilder are made protected

handling empty sets and sequences

fixed TLA_PATH in apalache-mc

added typecheck command

allowing for polymorphic arguments

better type errors

fixed unification against uninterpreted types

first integration test for the type checker

bugfix for a one-argument function

fixed the off-by-one error in tuples

a sparse tuple unified with a tuple becomes a tuple

fixed unification for sparse tuples and tuples once again

handling the advanced syntax in set comprehensions and function definitions

friendlier error reporting

forcing the type from a nullary type annotation, needed for <<1, 2>>

bugfix: translation for CASE..OTHER

friendlier messages

the typed version of game of life

computing the transitive closure when doing unification (how did I miss that?)

the typed version of Missionaries and Cannibals

a few changes in the output

a quick bugfix in the importer when type-checking Paxos

added unbounded CHOOSE

disabled polymorphism for user-defined operators, as it is delaying errors

generating unique type variables instead of fixed ones

fixed variable unification

renaming variables in annotations

the new constraint-based type checker

refactoring: using var pool instead of integer indices

debugging the new type checker

more debugging

bugfixing the unifier. Needs more eyes.

propagating parameter types for better inference

still debugging

the examples that go through (some are type incorrect)

two more examples

updated the annotation syntax

Drop outdated changes

Remove EtcTypeChecker

Superseded by EtcTypeChecker2, as noted by @konnov at
https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/pull/264#discussion_r503525017

Restore erroneously removed TestEtcTypeChecker

Fix STC -> Etc

Remove duplicate code bits

Remove lingering STC refeferences

Rename map attribute to context

This prevents confusing name clashes like `map.toSeq.map` where the
first `map` refers to an instance of `Map[Int, TlaType1]` and the second
to `Seq`'s' `map` attribute.

Wildcard pattern match in Substitution.md

This ensures that exhaustiveness checking will warn us if we add
some new type in the future but forget to update it here, it also
allows us to promote the documenting comment into code.

Rename another map to context

Fix map -> context in TypeUnifier

Remove depricated method

Simplify TypeUnifier insert logic

I *think* this reads more straightforwardly tho I suspect
this may be subjective. I also *think* that this change eliminates
some redundant logic from the case analysis in the main unification
method, but I could be mistaken. Tho I'm encouraged that the tests are
passing.

@konnov, let me know if you find this harder to follow then the initial
implementation.

Clean up comment indentation

Clean up manual maps

Add missing newline

Update tla-types/src/main/scala/at/forsyte/apalache/tla/typecheck/etc/TypeUnifier.scala

Co-authored-by: Igor Konnov <igor@informal.systems>

Ensure solution is always reset

As per https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/pull/294#discussion_r510325004

Rework computeOptions method into computeFields

This renames the method, so that it has a more specific name reflecting
its use (as per
https://github.com/informalsystems/apalache/pull/294#discussion_r508859931)
and, in the process, it refactors out some common logic between the two
sites of use.

Apply scalafmt

Report which type assumption conjuct is invalid

Refactor out literal to type mapping

As per @konnov's TODO

Commit scalafmt config

Document the unary apply method

Use varPool instead of hard-coded types var

Simplify record validation

Use simple structural matching instead of arithmetic. This change
also lets us validate the args in a single pass, rather than two
separate invocations of `zipWithIndex`.

It actually increases the loc, but that's due to more robust error
handling and the addition of unit tests to cover an unhappy path.

Clean up funDef case

Mostly swapping arithmetic check to pattern matching and case analysis.
Improves self-documentation and makes logic more concise (imho).

Suggestions to TlaFunOper.except translation

This change proposes:

1. Structural reasoning over arithmetic
2. Improves self-documentation (e.g., with defining predicates for
accessor tests and using those to self document at the call site)
3. Lazy vals to avoid unnecessary computations of mutually exclusive
values
4. Reuse of the a1 variable for the seqType. Because we are producing a
sum type, the type variable scoping does not require a fresh variable
fore each disjunct. Reusing the a1 variable used in the function type
alternative produces more regular and consistent type variable naming.

Refactor mkApp helper

This renames the helper so that it doesn't shadow the original function
(this shadowing was leading to confusion for this reader :)), and it
makes the helper a closure that includes the exact ref id, so that
needn't be supplied every time.

It also adds a temporary variable so we only need to construct the
ExactRef once.

Remove nextVarNum

Remove outdated TODO

Don't allow for impl or equiv with > 2 args

Make catchall expression raise

To improve safety and ability to identify weird edge cases.

Use TlaOpe.deinterleave

Combine stutter and nostutter cases

Remove unused sub method of TypeContext class

This method is not used anywhere in #244, and tests pass on that branch
after removing it.

Clearer name of parameter

More concise and pattern-oriented OrClause solving

Prefer structural matching over indexing

Clarify variable name

Rename EtcTypeChecker2 to EtcTypeChecker

Since it is now the only one :)

Correct indefinite article

---
## [UMN-LATIS/leaflet-treering](https://github.com/UMN-LATIS/leaflet-treering)@[93f99f675e...](https://github.com/UMN-LATIS/leaflet-treering/commit/93f99f675e5ea3bb35cb7fe55d5336d1947cabc2)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 15:47:07 by Colin McFadden

holy hell these are some magic numbers. Don't merge this until we can justify it! But it works...

---
## [pawnishoovy/SandstormCCMod](https://github.com/pawnishoovy/SandstormCCMod)@[cd4dac9e40...](https://github.com/pawnishoovy/SandstormCCMod/commit/cd4dac9e40cef4a4ba75d628d28c5b012cb592f0)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 16:21:57 by filipex2000

the almighty recoil debugging tool and recoil update

holy fucking shit wow

---
## [looshch/.vimrc](https://github.com/looshch/.vimrc)@[46393a7a74...](https://github.com/looshch/.vimrc/commit/46393a7a74c0c139dbf5dde44352ef21bd9e7ea4)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 20:35:24 by George Looshch

Removing some settings because they are defaults in Neovim. Thank you, Bram, but fuck you, too!

---
## [sohpei/YouSent](https://github.com/sohpei/YouSent)@[7939d1c14b...](https://github.com/sohpei/YouSent/commit/7939d1c14b0809f524533642d7386cac74c90467)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 20:37:28 by sohpei

god im sorry this is rlly messy

and i might have fucked some shit up

---
## [tigerclaw989/tigerclaw989](https://github.com/tigerclaw989/tigerclaw989)@[3d9feacd73...](https://github.com/tigerclaw989/tigerclaw989/commit/3d9feacd73f22f468a28030226f6c2e9cecd8801)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 21:23:19 by Tripp Sanders

:wave: bye

f="Fuck you?"
while "true":
    print(f)

---
## [ThunderingWest4/SortingAlgoVisualize](https://github.com/ThunderingWest4/SortingAlgoVisualize)@[177d78a746...](https://github.com/ThunderingWest4/SortingAlgoVisualize/commit/177d78a746facc68e722f7251ca4bca8142ab6d8)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 22:34:14 by ThunderingWest4

added bogosort sort

honestly i have no clue why i made it, i was just sitting and thought "hey this'll be cool to implement" and i remembered this repository exists so yeah, here is bogosort

---
## [smxi/inxi](https://github.com/smxi/inxi)@[285c6f715f...](https://github.com/smxi/inxi/commit/285c6f715f9f1721cecb0cdb50a880ba0896fdea)
#### Wednesday 2020-11-11 23:35:31 by Harald Hope

Bug fixes, new features!! Update now!! Or don't, it's up to you.

Bugs:
1. Let's call some of the android fixes and debugger failures bugs, why not?
Those are fixed. Note that many of these fixes will impact any system that is
ARM based, not just android.

Fixes:
1. Related to issue #226 which was a fine issue, fine tuned the debugger debuggers
to allow for smoother handling of /sys parse failures. Also added debugger filters
for common items that would make the /sys parser hang, oddly, most seem to be in
/sys/power for android devices.

2. Added some finetunings for possible mmcblk storage paths, in some cases, an
extra /block is added, which made inxi think mounted drives were unmounted. I've
never seen this extra /block except on mmcblk devices on android, but you never
know, it could be more widespread.

3. Also mainly related to android, but maybe other ARM devices, in some cases,
an errant 'timer' device was appearing as a cpu variant, which is wrong. That was
a corner case for sure, and part of the variant logic in fact uses timer values
to assign the actual cpu variants, but it was wrong in this case because it was
....-timer-mem, not ...-timer, which led to non-existent CPU variants showing.

4. Issue #236 by ChrisCheney pointed out that inxi had never updated its default
/proc/meminfo value to use the newer MemAvailable as default if present, which led
to incorrect memory used values showing up. That's because back in the old days,
we had to construct a synthetic Memory used from MemFree, buffers, cache, etc, but that
wasn't always right, since sometimes the cache actually isn't available, often is,
but not always.
https://github.com/torvalds/linux/commit/34e431b0ae398fc54ea69ff85ec700722c9da773
This commit on the kernel explains it pretty clearly.
Thanks Chris for bringing this to our attention.

5. Kind of more future-proofing, got rid of a bunchy of hard-coded strings internally
and switched those to use the row_defaults values, which is where string messages
are supposed to go. That was mostly in the initial program check messages on start-up,
but also a few other stray ones. Also consolidated them a bit to get rid of redundant
messages, and added more variable based messages, like for missing/permissions on
programs etc. The idea in general is that all the strings are contained in subs so
that in theory they could be swapped for other strings, eg, languages, but honestly,
I no longer see this as very likely to ever happen. But it's still nice to be
consistent internally and not get sloppy with english strings.

This also got rid of some largely redundant items in row_defaults, and expanded the
list of handled events, and of variable based events, so it shouldn't be as necessary
to add new row_defaults items for similar events.

Enhancements:
1. Debugger item to maybe try to find distro OEM, this was connected with issue #231
but the issue poster vanished, and didn't do the work required, so this one won't
happen until someone who cares [not me, that is] does the required work.
It's always funny to see how quickly people vanish when they have to do the actual
boring research that they want me to do for them, lol. Or maybe, sigh is more
appropriate than lol. But it is pretty much par for the course, sad to say.
Or maybe this was an OEM hoping to have someone do their corporate work for them
for free, who knows. Anyway, there's a certain category of items that I'm reasonably
happy to implement, but NOT if I have to do all the boring research work, so such
features being added will depend on the poster actually doing the boring work.

I've gotten burned on this a few times, cpu arch: for example, some guy said he'd
track that and provide updates, he never even made it to the first release, so I got
stuck doing that one forever after. But that one at least has some general value, so
that's ok more or less, but I definitely won't take on stuff that I really don't
personally care at all about unless the person requesting the feature does all the work
beforehand. The boring part, that is....

2. Related to issue #226, much improved android ID and many small android fixes for
machine data etc. Now uses /system/build.prop for some data, which is a nice source,
sadly, most modern android devices seem to be locked down, with both build.prop and
/sys locked down, which makes inxi unable to actually get any of that data, but if
your device either does not have these root only readable, or if you have an android
rooted phone, the android support will be more informative.

Hint: if you run inxi in termux on your non rooted android device, and it shows
you what android version you are using in System:... Distro: line, then your android
is not locked down. I have one such phone, android 7.1, but I cannot say how usual
or non usual this is. The poster of issue #226 for instance had to root his android
7 phone to get this data to display. So it seems to vary quite a bit.

Note that due to these file system lockdowns, in general, trying to do android arm
support remains largely a waste of time, but on some devices sometimes, you can now
get quite nice system info. As I noted in the issue, if I can't get the features to
work on a non rooted phone in my possession, I'm probably not going to try to do the
work because it's too hard to try to work on android issues without having the device
in front of you for testing and debugging. In this case, one of my phones did work, so
I did the work just to see where android is at now.

Android showed some slightly odd syntaxes for some devices, but those are now handled
where I got a dataset for them that revealed the changes required.

3. Also related to issue #226 for termux in android, will show -r info.
That's an apt based package manager, but termux puts the apt files somewhere else so
needed to change paths if those alternate paths existed for apt.

4. Added PARTFLAGS to debugger to see what knd of data that will yield, that's
a lsblk key/value pair.

5. Just because it's easy to do, added new -Ixxx item, wakeups: which is a
subset of Uptime, this will show how many times the system has been woken from
suspend since the last boot. If the system has never been suspended, shows 0.

6. Many more disk vendors and disk IDs. The list just never ends, possibly a
metaphor for something, the endless spinning of maya, who knows?

7. Added newest known ubuntu release, hirsute, to buntu ID logic. Might as well
catch them early, that will be 21.04.

---

# [<](2020-11-10.md) 2020-11-11 [>](2020-11-12.md)

