# [<](2020-11-19.md) 2020-11-20 [>](2020-11-21.md)

2,831,559 events, 1,432,298 push events, 2,236,282 commit messages, 159,701,122 characters


## [kohler/peteramati](https://github.com/kohler/peteramati)@[2ed08f2bf2...](https://github.com/kohler/peteramati/commit/2ed08f2bf2871cc7a3f9d29999aecad84a9a6c58)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 00:46:02 by Eddie Kohler

Painful but useful rearrangement of internals of PsetView.

Fewer flying-around crazy types and bullshit. Add separate types
for RepositoryPsetInfo, CommitPsetInfo, UserPsetInfo. Don't make
crazy shit happen.

---
## [LeshemNoa/compilers-project-2020-public](https://github.com/LeshemNoa/compilers-project-2020-public)@[88d15b310c...](https://github.com/LeshemNoa/compilers-project-2020-public/commit/88d15b310cf15fcc2bbe77b1cc5c40bbe7dbcd33)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 01:15:59 by jessicagold@mail.tau.ac.il

more fixes but honestly I can't recall where in the code. bottom line - all 1 throw 11 comands of the tseter run. meaning it would be difficult to surprise us with method renaming. I would have run all comands but 3 AM and think it's OK for me to get some shut eye at this point. fucking kudos to whoever wrote this tester, this is some good shit...

---
## [TheRealBanana/bLyrics](https://github.com/TheRealBanana/bLyrics)@[e501488c6d...](https://github.com/TheRealBanana/bLyrics/commit/e501488c6d05b2dea3810bfe4e8a8d4c2ad03937)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 01:55:49 by Kyle Claisse

provider update

Just realized that AZlyrics and Genius were broken again, this time AZlyrics was hiding their content with CSS that I couldn't figure out how to bypass with normal python Requests so I went overkill with Selenium.

I HATE Selenium. Its painfully slow and resource intensive but it does get the job done. I'm using the Firefox webdriver just because that's the browser I have installed but I am very curious if the Chrome driver is as slow. I made the same changes to the Genius provider since it seemed like the same issue. I honestly don't know, I just changed the requests parts to the new selenium code and it started working again so it wasn't my regular expressions (they didnt change the html, the usual reason for a provider breaking).

The other option I am considering now is just pulling the lyrics data from Google search. That wasn't possible until recently, when they decided to add a special header for lyrics search results with the actual lyrics. It seems pretty comprehensive but it pulls from a lot of different sources than we use. Worth looking into because this current "solution" is abhorrently slow, resource intensive, and I hate it.

---
## [archolewa/frogcomposband](https://github.com/archolewa/frogcomposband)@[909afb10cc...](https://github.com/archolewa/frogcomposband/commit/909afb10cc74e24f004bfe54eae88a89412cc287)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 03:18:38 by Andrew Cholewa

Replaces most of the utility spells with in-combat buffs.

-- The massive number of utility spells known by a caster class whose
magic is literally fueled by battle is odd, and makes the early Rage
Mage weak, and a one trick pony (jump and around and shout a lot).

-- So, we replace many of the utility spells with various thematic buffs.
Buffs may not be ideal because of the high opportunity cost a Rage Mage
suffers from using them. However, they are at least spells that a Rage Mage
could ostensibly use in battle. All of the buffs revolve around either
improving a Rage Mage's capabilities in melee combat to give them a stronger
"magical berserker" vibe, or helping them better deal with lots of enemies
in line of sight (LOS). Since Rage Mages get SP by damaging enemies, a Rage Mage
sort of wants lots of enemies in LOS:

1. Detect Magical Foes has been replaced by Unstoppable Rage, which grants
Regeneration. Detect Magical Foes is frankly useless. Hardly any enemies are
magical in the early game, Rage Mages don't really need detection in the early
game, and you'll probably get a Rod of Detection by the time you hit your
twenties anyway. Plus, Regeneration is very useful for a Rage Mage to make them
that much more resilient from turn to turn, especially since temporary
Regeneration stacks with permanent sources of Regeneration. It's also helps them
recover faster from the self-damage they take when buffing before
battle.

2. Rage Sustenance has been replaced by Cloud of Daggers, which grants a Shards
Aura. Rage Sustenance is less important for them compared to other casters,
since unlike most castesr, Rage Mages don't have to carry books, and food is
prevalent.

3. Crude Mapping has been replaced by Rage Reflection, which grants the
Rage Mage Reflection. Crude Mapping is actually useful, but not that
thematic (certainly not compared to punching projectiles back at opponents!), and they
can use a Staff of Enlightnment, since they don't have to carry their books around.

4. Detect Magic has been replaced with Mountain of Rage, which enlarges
the Rage Mage (much like a Potion of Giant Strength). Detect Magic
is just as useless as Detect Magical Foes. While magical enemies are more
common by the time you get it, you'll get a Rod of Detection loooong before
you get this spell, and a Rod of Detection does everything this spell can do
plus more. And again, they have very little inventory pressure.

5. Light Area has been replaced with scare monster.
Scare Monster isn't that great, but it's one of the first spells,
and it has some use in the early game when the Rage Mage relies
primarily on their shout spell for damage.

All of the buffs have a longer duration if the Rage Mage is berserking when
they cast them.

Hopefully, these spells will make the Rage Mage more interesting to play,
especially in melee, and will make them feel more like a rage-fueled,
berserking spellsword than they are now.

I beat the game using these no spells (first win, so hopefully this gets
included, and so it counts!). The thread discussing my changes can be found
here: http://angband.oook.cz/forum/showthread.php?t=10280

The character dump can be found on the ladder: http://angband.oook.cz/ladder-show.php?id=24022

---
## [SorryLittleSharky/signalstickers](https://github.com/SorryLittleSharky/signalstickers)@[1d5dc08783...](https://github.com/SorryLittleSharky/signalstickers/commit/1d5dc087833ce7e5d9944f352ced3202efb31ff6)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 05:46:33 by SorryLittleSharky

Update stickers.yml w. HunnieBumbleByStefSchultz

99352183d0b5f2c4d32e0d0eec2796d7:
  key: b095df72132d031a5340809a6470c918c662055dbb6f1e9493ab0d03ad1ba6f8
  source: 'https://sorrylittlesharky.com/hunniebumblebysteflsharkyschultz.html'
  tags:
    - honeybee
    - bee
    - bumblebee
    - bumble bee
    - cute
    - girl
    - dance
    - bees
    - skydiving
    - rock climbing
    - cooking
    - burning
    - funny
    - sleeping
    - buddies
    - love
  nsfw: false
  original: true

---
## [eip618/eiphax](https://github.com/eip618/eiphax)@[2f8521a76a...](https://github.com/eip618/eiphax/commit/2f8521a76a03ed7545f3b6faa3325af10560af8d)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 07:54:30 by eip

initialise the anti vguide cannon

fuck you jack sorrell

---
## [kat031/osu-mirai](https://github.com/kat031/osu-mirai)@[2cd315ec94...](https://github.com/kat031/osu-mirai/commit/2cd315ec94ba4141e8b2a7352919b9a46da480b0)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 08:57:40 by kat

took out the trash

holy fuck how tired was i when i threw this shit up

---
## [tstelfox/CPP](https://github.com/tstelfox/CPP)@[9437482e43...](https://github.com/tstelfox/CPP/commit/9437482e433ddb28bc94a4d85ef4b8e8aa498c8f)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 12:38:59 by Turlough Mullan

Bonus exercise on static shit done - after a bit of confusion prompted by tiredness and a hooooorrible main. Fuck you global banksters

---
## [SK-2019/php-sql-wprowadzenie-Mitura-Marcin](https://github.com/SK-2019/php-sql-wprowadzenie-Mitura-Marcin)@[62a1da8ab0...](https://github.com/SK-2019/php-sql-wprowadzenie-Mitura-Marcin/commit/62a1da8ab02b3c8d129bfd3bf0d628b4a0d5f1ba)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 13:58:41 by Marcin Mitura

Fixing SQL Insert

Think you bald idiot before you gave us incorrect code to do and fixing this shit for hours what is fucked up

---
## [tlpss/ML-Project2](https://github.com/tlpss/ML-Project2)@[d3879877b7...](https://github.com/tlpss/ML-Project2/commit/d3879877b759c64bb66480a2dededa9f8ccdf298)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 15:17:11 by tlpss

fuck you Python (major bugfix)

Previous version contained bug in which the ensemble consisted of M shallow copies of the predictor ==> it was no ensemble at all

---
## [OndreasCZ/github-slideshow](https://github.com/OndreasCZ/github-slideshow)@[8c3bc43ab4...](https://github.com/OndreasCZ/github-slideshow/commit/8c3bc43ab40bc8298a71deae759ff27c88d668f8)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 16:13:41 by Andrew

Merge pull request #3 from OndreasCZ/slideshow-upgrade

Create 0000-01-02-OndreasCZ.md-Go Fuck yoursel add

---
## [expo/expo](https://github.com/expo/expo)@[3df6eb5bc7...](https://github.com/expo/expo/commit/3df6eb5bc71e00915aa820b70b3a658b98d5a9ef)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 16:38:43 by Stanisław Chmiela

[android] Migrate installation identifier to non-backed-up storage (#11005)

# Why

https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/10261#issuecomment-725396140. Also fixes https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/11008 by making `expo-notifications` use the same installation ID as `expo-constants` and `expoview` (https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/11005/commits/f1ecd07d586094fb9494a5e6584e7d01e419aa48).

# How

Found a (in my opinion) nicer way to store a string in a non-backed-up storage (than defining a `<full-backup-content>` XML file and requiring developers to implement their own `BackupAgent` in some circumstances, etc.) — using [`getNoBackupFilesDir`](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/Context#getNoBackupFilesDir()) to get a directory where we create a simple `.txt` file. The advantage it provides is not requiring developers to [modify any native files](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/10261/files#diff-d8d19d8e0ef909f84b94eb86534e4dde2f0659b56c72ce5bcde12c5815e8b2fd) to incorporate this feature.

I wrote a class that tries to migrate the UUID from `SharedPreferences` to `noBackupFilesDir` on `getUUID` call. It should handle invalid UUIDs well (by ignoring it). Then I copied it from `expoview` to `expo-constants` and `expo-notifications` in case there are bare projects that use one and not the other (we don't want to depend on migration in `-constants` in `-notifications` and vice versa). It follows the implementation outline of https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/10261#issuecomment-725396140 with the following modifications:
- instead of removing the `SharedPreferences/keychain` entry "so we recover from corrupt data" I decided to ignore it
- if we didn't read a valid ID and we wouldn't intend to create one if it wasn't present we don't immediately generate a new one. There are still parts of code that do not "get-or-create" the UUID, just "get". For them we need a sensible "just-get" implementation.
- instead of computing the v5 UUID from the Firebase Instance ID (as proposed by the main overview) I've decided to stick with a random v4 UUID since fetching the Firebase Instance ID [starts some kind of connection with Firebase servers](https://github.com/TheWizard91/Album_base_source_from_JADX/blob/e1d228fc2ee550ac19eeac700254af8b0f96080a/sources/com/google/firebase/iid/FirebaseInstanceId.java#L227-L231) — it may also require Firebase app configured (but I haven't verified that) and even though `installationId` is mostly used in `expo-notifications`, we don't say anywhere that accessing `expo-constants.installationId` requires Firebase configured.
- instead of using `SharedPreferences` I decided to save the file in `noBackupFilesDir` which seems less breakable than using `SharedPreferences` and configuring `full-backup-content`.

Another option I was thinking of was to create a new unimodule `expo-installations` (`expo-installation-id`) just for this class and depend on the new unimodule in `expoview`, `expo-constants` and `expo-notifications`. Since we intend to deprecate and eventually remove `.installationId` creating a unimodule just for half a year and deprecating it immediately doesn't seem like the best idea.

# Test Plan

I have verified that:
- `Constants.installationId` from running Expo client on `master` is the same as `.installationId` returned when running Expo client on this branch
- `expo-notifications`'s installation ID from running Expo client on `master` is the same as `installationId` returned when running Expo client on this branch
- removing and reinstalling Expo client sets a different `installationId`
- modifying the file so that is does not contain a valid UUID discards its contents and persists a new UUID

# Test approach #2

Test scenarios for installation identifiers:
- **on an experience running on SDK39 when Expo client upgrades**
  - SDK39 `ConstantsBinding` keeps using `mExponentSharedPreferences.getOrCreateUUID`. Unversioned `ExponentSharedPreferences` migrates UUID from unscoped `SharedPreferences` to unscoped non-backed-up storage. No change. ✅ 
  - SDK39 `InstallationIdProvider` keeps using scoped `SharedPreferences`. Migration isn't being added to versioned `InstallationIdProvider`s, **identifier keeps being backed-up** but it doesn't change. ⚠️ 
- **when an experience using SDK39 upgrades to SDK40 in Expo client**
  - Both SDK39 and SDK40 `ConstantsBinding`s use `mExponentSharedPreferences.getOrCreateUUID` which uses migrated non-backed-up storage. No change ✅ 
  - SDK39 `InstallationIdProvider` used scoped `SharedPreferences`, SDK40 `ScopedInstallationIdProvider` uses `mExponentSharedPreferences.getOrCreateUUID` if there is no existing ID (new project) or migrates legacy UUID from scoped `SharedPreferences` to scoped no-backup-dir if it exists and keeps using it in the future. All in all there's no change. ✅ 
- when standalone app using SDK39 upgrades to SDK40
  - Both SDK39 and SDK40 `ConstantsBinding`s use `mExponentSharedPreferences.getOrCreateUUID` which uses migrated non-backed-up storage. No change ✅ 
  - SDK39 `InstallationIdProvider` had ID saved in scoped `SharedPreferences`, SDK40 `InstallationIdProvider` migrates that ID to scoped `noBackupDir`. No change ✅ 
- when an SDK39 project ejects to bare
  - SDK39 `ConstantsBinding` was using `mExponentSharedPreferences.getOrCreateUUID` which persisted ID in unscoped `SharedPreferences`. Upon ejection we start using `ConstantsService` with unscoped `Context` which results in using the same `SharedPreferences`. No change ✅ 
  - SDK39 `InstallationIdProvider` uses scoped `SharedPreferences` to persist installation ID. Upon ejection we start using unscoped `SharedPreferences`, ID changes to one equal to `Constants.installationId`. ⚠️ [We can live with that.](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/11008#issuecomment-728769487)
- when an SDK40 project ejects to bare
  - SDK40 `ConstantsBinding` was using `mExponentSharedPreferences` which persisted ID in unscoped non-backed-up storage. `ConstantsService` uses the same storage location, ID doesn't change. ✅ 
  - SDK40 `ScopedInstallationProvider` was using either `mExponentSharedPreferences` which persisted ID in unscoped non-backed-up storage (in this case bare `InstallationIdProvider` uses unscoped common installation ID and there are no changes. ✅) or used ID migrated from scoped `SharedPreferences` to scoped `noBackupDir` in which case the ID changes, but [we can live with that](https://github.com/expo/expo/issues/11008#issuecomment-728769487)). ⚠️
- when a bare project upgrades `expo-notifications` or `expo-constants`
  - Previous installation ID providers used unscoped `SharedPreferences`. Upon upgrade, the ID gets migrated to the same location by either `expo-notifications` or `expo-constants`. ID stays the same. ✅

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[85c06ff1a0...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/85c06ff1a077030a6823c1f92fdd2841b3ca18b8)
#### Friday 2020-11-20 17:19:34 by Marko Grdinić

"12:45pm. Let me move to doing the chores.

3:25pm. Today I put in some overtime. Well, thanks to this work, I only have about 3 day of work on the winter preparations left.

Before I resume, let me just cool down for 10m.

3:40pm.

```fs
let rec load_module path errors s = failwith "TODO"
and load_schema path errors s = failwith "TODO"
```

I said I would do `load_module`, but now that I am thinking about it, I am realizing I really do not need it. I never load modules from disk directly.

Sure, I do it in `load_schema_modules_from_disk`, but I do not need that functionality anywhere else. If I did, I'll factor that functionality from the said function.

So what I really need is `load_schema`. I only need that.

4:15pm. Inspiration is coming to me. Let me just dwell in the sweet fragrance of understanding for a while.

My programming morale has been so low for a while that I need a little pick me up.

4:20pm. Let me write down my ideas.

There are two ways of doing this.

1) Queues - semi concurrent
2) Counters - fully concurrent

Suppose I have two kinds of tasks - load package and load module, each of which is a concurrent job (either Hopac `Job` or a .NET `Task`.)

In the first case, I'd start the task, and then push it into the queue.
In the second case, I'd start the task and the increment the loop counter.

The way the queue loop would work is that I'd dequeue, process the result, start any further tasks and then loop. When the queue is empty the loop terminates.

The way the counter loop would work is that I'd read on a channel, process the received result, decrement the counter and the loop. When the counter is zero, the loop would terminate.

The important thing is - all the state updating would be done in the main loop, and the main loop is the one that would launch further .NET Tasks or Hopac jobs.

Suppose the load package result gets received. After adding it to the map, I'd have the loop go over it and start load package and load module jobs for those that aren't in the map.

In a way the loop acts a repository for the state and the supervisor for concurrent jobs. This is its salient feature.

Suppose I had that loop, but only had package loading. In that case I could have easily extended it to load modules as well. It would be quite composable. Instead what I did was this, let me paste it again...

```fs
let load (m : ValidatedSchema ResultMap) text project_dir =
    let m = Map.remove project_dir m
    let waiting = MVar(Set.empty)
    let finished = MVar(m)
    let rec loop text project_dir =
        match Map.tryFind project_dir m with
        | Some _ -> Job.unit()
        | None ->
            MVar.modifyFun (fun waiting ->
                if Set.contains project_dir waiting then waiting, Job.unit()
                else
                    let process_packages = function
                        | Ok x -> Seq.Con.iterJob (snd >> loop None) x.packages
                        | Error _ -> Job.unit()
                    Set.add project_dir waiting,
                    match text with
                    | None ->
                        package_from_disk project_dir >>= fun x ->
                        Job.start (MVar.mutateFun (Map.add project_dir x) finished) >>=.
                        process_packages x
                    | Some text -> Job.delay <| fun () ->
                        let x = package_from_string project_dir text
                        Job.start (MVar.mutateFun (Map.add project_dir x) finished) >>=.
                        process_packages x
                ) waiting >>= Job.Ignore
    loop text project_dir >>=. MVar.take finished
```

I am shaking my head at this. It is no wonder I am both confused and depressed here.

Just what can I do with the above? Nothing.

I managed to write it out somehow, but the above code is a mess. It is something you strenuously reason out, feel a tinge of pride at having dealt with such a tough challenge and then completely forget what it does. Every step of it is tough and nothing sticks in your memory. Several nested checks, MVars, that Job.start...what complicated control flow.

The ideas I have in mind right now would flatten all of that, get rid of the MVars and make the whole thing readable.

4:50pm. Had to take a break. Let me continue writing in the explanation.

5:10pm. Done writing the above thing in.

I feel quite depressed. I am not sure even what the reason is. There is a sense of defeat.

But I do not feel like running. I really do like the look ideas I have in mind right now. Though I feel stretched for time, I want to give it a try.

I'll put in some overtime today if necessary.

5:20pm.

```fs
let load_schema_modules_from_disk errors (s : SupervisorState, l : ValidatedSchema) =
    let rec elem (loads, s : SupervisorState as w) = function
        | ValidatedFileHierarchy.File((r, path as p),name,exists) ->
            match Map.tryFind path s.modules with
            | Some _ -> loads, if exists then s else {s with modules = Map.remove path s.modules}
            | None -> (if exists then (p, File.ReadAllTextAsync(path)) :: loads else loads), s
        | ValidatedFileHierarchy.Directory(name,l) ->
            loop w l
    and loop w l = List.fold elem w l
    let loads, s = loop ([], s) l.files
    List.fold (fun (s : SupervisorState, l : ValidatedSchema) ((r, path : string), x : string Task) ->
        try let x = tokenizer.Run(DocumentAll x.Result)
            let uri = "file:///" + path
            Hopac.start (Src.value errors.tokenizer {|uri=uri; errors=(fst x).errors|})
            {s with modules = Map.add path x s.modules }, l
        with e -> s, {l with errors = (r, e.Message) :: l.errors}
        ) (s, l) loads

let rec load_module path errors s = failwith "TODO"
and load_schema path errors s = failwith "TODO"

//let project_file_open uri text errors (s : SupervisorState) =
//    change true s.packages (dir uri) text >>= fun (ers,m') -> m := m'; Array.iterJob (Src.value package_errors) ers
```

I need to ditch this as well. Literally nothing is any good.

Maybe the fact that the more time I spend working the more things I keep removing is the reason for my low morale.

Let me at least start something today.

I felt a little bit motivation just now, but then I got lost in daydreams.

Focus me, focus.

This is the solution.

Forget the previous thinking - the state centralizing loop is what I need. It is really a special kind of concurrent fold.

5:35pm.

```fs
let load errors (s : SupervisorState) project_dir =
    let queue : (SupervisorState -> SupervisorState) Task Queue = Queue()
    let load_package _ = failwith "TODO"
    let load_module _ = failwith "TODO"
    load_package project_dir
    let mutable s = s
    while 0 < queue.Count do
        s <- queue.Dequeue().Result s
        ()
    s
```

This is how the basic loop would work. But no, it not good enough.

5:40pm.

```fs
type LoadResult =
    | LoadModule of path: string * text: string
    | LoadPackage of dir: string * Result<ValidatedSchema,string>

let load errors (s : SupervisorState) project_dir =
    let queue : (SupervisorState -> LoadResult) Task Queue = Queue()
    let load_package _ = failwith "TODO"
    let load_module _ = failwith "TODO"

    let main (s : SupervisorState) (x : LoadResult) = s
    load_package project_dir
    let mutable s = s
    while 0 < queue.Count do s <- main s (queue.Dequeue().Result s)
    s
```

I am dwelling too much on this. As a rough sketch of how this should work, this is quite good.

5:50pm. Agh, now how do I actually implement this?

I need to take the functionality from `load_schema_modules_from_disk` and the previous `load` and fold them into this.

6pm.

```fs
| LoadModule of package_dir: string * path: string * Result<TokRes * TokenizerStream,string>
```

Ah, I see. The map will always be empty when `LoadModule` is processed so I can do the tokenization async. Makes sense.

6:10pm. Actaully, the sooner I forget about the previous `load` the better.

```fs
let package_from_string project_dir text =
    match config text with
    | Ok x -> schema project_dir x |> Ok
    | Error er -> {schema=schema_def; packages=[]; links=[]; actions=[]; errors=er; files=[]} |> Ok

let package_from_disk project_dir =
    let p = Path.Combine(project_dir,"package.spiproj")
    if File.Exists(p) then
        Job.catch (Job.fromTask (fun () -> File.ReadAllTextAsync(p))) >>- function
        | Choice1Of2 text -> package_from_string project_dir text
        | Choice2Of2 er -> Error er.Message
    else Job.result (Error "The package file does not exist.")
```

These two on the other hand have value. `package_from_string` I can reuse outright, but the `package_from_disk` I'll have to strip of the Hopac related code.

The stuff in `load_schema_modules_from_disk` I have a plan how to reuse.

6:15pm. Lunch time. Let me close here. I've thought about it for a while, and I think I see everything now. I should be able to do this tomorrow. That should be satisfying. I'll be really happy to get over this particular hurdle. It is just so depressing how long I've been stuck on it."

---

# [<](2020-11-19.md) 2020-11-20 [>](2020-11-21.md)

