# [<](2020-12-24.md) 2020-12-25 [>](2020-12-26.md)

1,517,329 events, 869,911 push events, 1,200,480 commit messages, 71,442,297 characters


## [DerxwnaKapsyla/Pokemon-Essentials](https://github.com/DerxwnaKapsyla/Pokemon-Essentials)@[7c563e30dc...](https://github.com/DerxwnaKapsyla/Pokemon-Essentials/commit/7c563e30dcab4873aa090a10c1f7279db3a42ff6)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 02:14:32 by Derxwna Kapsyla

Sideqest, Jingle, and Mystery Gift changes

* Added in the sidequest "A Berry for your Thoughts (Kanto)"
* Added in the Girls' Sealing Club jingle from Reimufate
* Added in Greenwich in the Sky from numerous Touhoumon Rom Hacks
* Added in music from HgSs for Route 22 (and its other locations), and Route 23 + Pokemon League

December 24th, 2020:
* A series of small changes and fixes
* Added in several Mystery Gifts for the Passcode Terminal

---
## [mchill/advent-of-code](https://github.com/mchill/advent-of-code)@[7d99cf1ea8...](https://github.com/mchill/advent-of-code/commit/7d99cf1ea8e96dd3182afa3b0a4b92d0905ceef3)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 06:03:13 by Matthew Hill

2020 Wrap-up

As always, I had a blast and learned a few things along the way.
Considering the rest of the year, this was a highlight of 2020.

I feel like this year was a bit easier than past years, but I
can't say how much of that is experience or actual difficulty.
To be honest, I think that my algorithm skills have faded a bit
after graduating. That constant practice in school really helps.

I found C# to be an okay language for this purpose, but definitely
felt like Python would have made my life easier several times.
That probably shows with my (over)use of LINQ.

I do intend to go back and do the previous two years' puzzles,
but after I take a small break. Let's hope my vacation goes better
than that poor elf's.

---
## [ormn96/semiProject](https://github.com/ormn96/semiProject)@[b332879545...](https://github.com/ormn96/semiProject/commit/b33287954502976de8e8c2f8b0c2af3a81260c4b)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 06:06:19 by ormn96

Merge pull request #45 from ormn96/MichaelDev

hate my life with card reader

---
## [ferba93/NotThatGameEngine](https://github.com/ferba93/NotThatGameEngine)@[b7ab4a3232...](https://github.com/ferba93/NotThatGameEngine/commit/b7ab4a3232d08e4e9f482e5554ef037d8e8d0d79)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 11:59:38 by Ferran-Roger Basart i Bosch

Ok. Transforms are read correctly. Jesus Christ, I swear this system is made by the devil of mathematics, who was a bastard probably born before the world was created designing to fuck me over. Paranoia? Agent. Say something, say something... No

---
## [KeyMaster-/tak.garden](https://github.com/KeyMaster-/tak.garden)@[ec181990e4...](https://github.com/KeyMaster-/tak.garden/commit/ec181990e498a9f23a02b14d4a5a784064a52f23)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 12:55:15 by Tilman Schmidt

Experiment to give the click callback access to update the display

This is awful code.
I made the display type the full Rc<RefCell so that it can clone itself and pass the cloned Rc into the click closure.
However I feel that I need to re-order the whole situation. I don't think I can avoid using an Rc<RefCell entirely, but this wrapping feels silly. It also requires weird gymnastics like scoping the mutable game ref in on_click so that it gets dropped before we actually call update_display, since that borrows mutably again.
Also, update_display only needs to mutate the closure list, so really I'd want to be able to get finer-grained mutable access to just the game / just the display data (aka the closure list).
Might be that I can implement all the functionality directly on what is now DisplayData, but pass an instance of the Rc<RefCell of that same data through the update_display function and the capture closure?

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[20bb4a8e96...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/20bb4a8e9665f5d90f0f70304697b26f414b508e)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 16:30:10 by Marko Grdinić

"11:50am. Pffft! It is this late!?

1:20pm. Let me do the chores and then I will start.

1:55pm. Done with chores.

Phew. I feel incredibly pressed for time today. When I get up at 10am, I have some slack, but right now I have nothing. Whether it is games or Reverend Insanity, they just take up too much of my time.

Let me get started on the documentation. Remember the despair and dream of glory.

2:50pm. Had to take a break. Let me resume.

4pm. I did the Basics chapter of the tutorial. I am now thinking how to approach the join points.

5:05pm. Done with lunch. Let me resume the join points chapter.

5:30pm. Now I hear loud thunder. Should I run?

Let me run. I need to be decisive in these situations. I'll do the language interop part tomorrow. Right now I am at 460 lines which is not bad progress."

---
## [gradualgames/lynnslegacy](https://github.com/gradualgames/lynnslegacy)@[293c3494bd...](https://github.com/gradualgames/lynnslegacy/commit/293c3494bd2311c29aee2388ecb9be529eff4a2f)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 18:37:54 by Derek Andrews

Implementing __black_text_on with a hack to accomplish something similar to the original codebase. It is a complete mystery why palette entry 247 is being used in the original codebase. The text uses color 15 which is white. I tried changing that color instead but there are a couple of objects on the screen which are white so I make the font yellow, change the yellow palette entry to gray, then set a special counter flag specific to this given cut scene for counting down and resetting the font back to white. Ugly as hell, and I hope it is the only place that needed it, but works for now.

---
## [Hemesh819/100DaysOfCode_Python](https://github.com/Hemesh819/100DaysOfCode_Python)@[4464bfeefa...](https://github.com/Hemesh819/100DaysOfCode_Python/commit/4464bfeefa83093256c505fa8357b08e8fd74d15)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 18:52:42 by Hemesh819

Add files via upload

This is the project of my Day 1 of 100 Days of Code with Python, Madlib. 
It is a fun game to play with friends.

The story is taken from Harry Potter series, the original text is given below.
Have fun.

Harry finds it hard to forget the image of his parents. Quidditch practice continues on even harder and it is revealed that Snape will referee the next match. Malfoy performs a leg-locker curse on Neville, and to cheer him up, Harry tells Neville he is "Worth twelve of Malfoy." Harry suddenly remembers that he read the name Nicolas Flamel on a chocolate frog card, which reminds Hermione that she had seen the name in a book she picked up from the library, and the team discover that he was a famous alchemist who is the only known maker of the Philosopher's Stone, whose powers include turning any metal to gold and producing the Elixir of Life, a potion that can make the drinker immortal.
The Gryffindor versus Hufflepuff Quidditch match arrives and Snape, who referees the match, is predictably biased, while on the stands Ron and Neville get into a scuffle with Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle after Malfoy made some rude comments towards the players of their house's team as well as both of them. Harry catches the snitch and wins the match under five minutes, though Ron did not see this due to fighting Draco Malfoy, and Neville is sent to the hospital wing due to the injuries he sustained from fighting both Crabbe and Goyle. Later, Harry notices and follows Snape into the Forbidden Forest by broomstick where he meets Quirrell and they speak of the Philosopher's Stone. Harry thinks that Snape is trying to force Quirrell to help him get the stone so he can get rich, to the alarm of both Ron and Hermione who fear Quirrell will talk.

---
## [rmusser01/Infosec_Reference](https://github.com/rmusser01/Infosec_Reference)@[cef2bd6f6c...](https://github.com/rmusser01/Infosec_Reference/commit/cef2bd6f6c2cbf3476f4b212b7c3c94adefc138e)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 19:53:34 by rmusser01

If you're reading this, I hope you're having at least a decent 3rd weekend of December. Hopefully next year won't be such a trashfire. #miracles ; Thanks to all the people who have helped make this year be not a _complete_ clusterfuck; small update. more backlog clearing. Next will hopefully be exec/evasion cleanup, then the redteam page and adding actual 'team' content to it. Shoutout agin to S for the much appreciated criticism. Here's to hoping for no new pandemics/genocides/wars/complete collapse of society for at least the next year. #smallmiracles

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[248639702a...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/248639702ac529c27ba5c6664d3307c2fb7cef11)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 20:27:05 by MrD

Merge branch '460-prefix-settings-keys' into dev:

Trickier than it seems merge that adds prefixing to settings keys - those
will need some backwards compatibility code when we hit python 3 as users
updating from older versions will have byte keys that won't be recognized
In Py2 as all those keys are ascii decodable the automatic conversion to
unicode saves us from breaking Bash - b

Also quite a few plain old prefixing - I tried to split this in a logical
way (not per file) in the hoped that we may catch not trivial cases that
we need to revisit in py3. Such cases are:

- chardet returns encoding in bytes so actually the encodings dict and
co should remain bytes - I bet in py3 they are unicode though so except
if we run in some undecodable encoding name we're fine and future proof
- CsvReader goes into pains decoding/encoding/recoding - all this to
handle BOM (which we should not use anywhere anyways - #260)? another one
to revisit in py3

And a general note - I was not so much fun of all this prefixing but it's
the only way to really trace down what should be bytes - also settings
keys were already mixed type, too late to leave them bytes, which is also
not the RightThing - the only reason we may have bytes in here is because
we directly deal with binary files otherwise everything should be unicode

We do *not* want to remove the prefixes in py3 initially - will help with
various stuff - style refactorings, translations and what not - but we
may eventually when the dust settles. So some lines that exceed 79 chars
by one or two chars stayed.

Final reason for merging is that I want to get on with the inspiration
part - this is 101% perspiration here (countless rebases, " vs ', ...)

Thanks @GandaG for initial prefixing!

Under #460.

Signed-off-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by : Daniel Nunes <daniel.henri.nunes@gmail.com>

---
## [Innoviox/chatgeau](https://github.com/Innoviox/chatgeau)@[b7c3504942...](https://github.com/Innoviox/chatgeau/commit/b7c350494233793ad83e11124032437ee80fa83e)
#### Friday 2020-12-25 21:30:45 by Simon Chervenak

god this fucking sucks. what the hell.

update to version 0.1.1

---

# [<](2020-12-24.md) 2020-12-25 [>](2020-12-26.md)

