# [<](2020-08-17.md) 2020-08-18 [>](2020-08-19.md)

2,491,043 events, 1,244,459 push events, 1,993,561 commit messages, 152,930,457 characters


## [Adnei/openstack_monitor](https://github.com/Adnei/openstack_monitor)@[1eed3bfe04...](https://github.com/Adnei/openstack_monitor/commit/1eed3bfe04e70984ea830a39bb253922980614af)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 01:04:43 by Adnei

openstack fucking my life. Instead of pre creating the keypair, openstack has to create it. GOD DAMNIT

---
## [magiblot/tvision](https://github.com/magiblot/tvision)@[807cb3dd98...](https://github.com/magiblot/tvision/commit/807cb3dd9898890702bc34af10536f6a04acc238)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 01:46:04 by magiblot

Exterminate fixed-length char arrays in THelpTopic

Holy shit. Not only were all these char copies unnecessary in many cases (getCrossRef and getNumCrossRefs do not read the text), but they were also useless: the desired text can be accessed with zero overhead with a mere TStringView. Yes, I know that string views may become dangling pointers, but in our case the lifetime of the THelpTopic object exceeds the scope of usage of the result of THelpTopic::getLine (in THelpViewer::draw). This is yet another example of the harm null-terminated strings have caused to programs and programmers.

Fixed-length arrays were also (again) introducing stupid limitations, such as the hardcoded maximum length of 256 in helpbase.cpp:scan. Heck, there was even an unnecessarily duplicated invocation to strlen in THelpTopic::wrapText. Shame.

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[50a0c2b61c...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/50a0c2b61c99467f2b7e5fe1c41c122ddcc878c0)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 01:51:02 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Makes the ash drake fight winabble, prevents master controller death when the ash drake is fought (#376)

* fixes helllag from change turf being used on a turf of the same type (#53000)

Prevents horrible lag and runtime spam, makes the ash drake fight doable again, and adds a safeguard in case of other odd turf shit.
Changelog

cl
fix: The ash drake fight is winnable again, and the game will no longer die when he goes into the lava arena attack.
/cl

* Makes the ash drake fight winabble, prevents master controller death when the ash drake is fought

Co-authored-by: LemonInTheDark <58055496+LemonInTheDark@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [pseudonym117/YasuNO](https://github.com/pseudonym117/YasuNO)@[77339b82a0...](https://github.com/pseudonym117/YasuNO/commit/77339b82a0535ae9e96927f87598c10edfde4d50)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 02:39:06 by Matthew Oslan

According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way that a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway. Because bees don’t care what humans think is impossible.” SEQ. 75 - “INTRO TO BARRY” INT. BENSON HOUSE - DAY ANGLE ON: Sneakers on the ground. Camera PANS UP to reveal BARRY BENSON’S BEDROOM ANGLE ON: Barry’s hand flipping through different sweaters in his closet. BARRY Yellow black, yellow black, yellow black, yellow black, yellow black, yellow black...oohh, black and yellow... ANGLE ON: Barry wearing the sweater he picked, looking in the mirror. BARRY (CONT’D) Yeah, let’s shake it up a little. He picks the black and yellow one. He then goes to the sink, takes the top off a CONTAINER OF HONEY, and puts some honey into his hair. He squirts some in his mouth and gargles. Then he takes the lid off the bottle, and rolls some on like deodorant. CUT TO: INT. BENSON HOUSE KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS Barry’s mother, JANET BENSON, yells up at Barry. JANET BENSON Barry, breakfast is ready! CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 1. INT. BARRY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS BARRY Coming! SFX: Phone RINGING. Barry’s antennae vibrate as they RING like a phone. Barry’s hands are wet. He looks around for a towel. BARRY (CONT’D) Hang on a second! He wipes his hands on his sweater, and pulls his antennae down to his ear and mouth. BARRY (CONT'D) Hello? His best friend, ADAM FLAYMAN, is on the other end. ADAM Barry? BARRY Adam? ADAM Can you believe this is happening? BARRY Can’t believe it. I’ll pick you up. Barry sticks his stinger in a sharpener. SFX: BUZZING AS HIS STINGER IS SHARPENED. He tests the sharpness with his finger. SFX: Bing. BARRY (CONT’D) Looking sharp. ANGLE ON: Barry hovering down the hall, sliding down the staircase bannister. Barry’s mother, JANET BENSON, is in the kitchen. JANET BENSON Barry, why don’t you use the stairs? Your father paid good money for those. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 2. BARRY Sorry, I’m excited. Barry’s father, MARTIN BENSON, ENTERS. He’s reading a NEWSPAPER with the HEADLINE, “Queen gives birth to thousandtuplets: Resting Comfortably.” MARTIN BENSON Here’s the graduate. We’re very proud of you, Son. And a perfect report card, all B’s. JANET BENSON (mushing Barry’s hair) Very proud. BARRY Ma! I’ve got a thing going here. Barry re-adjusts his hair, starts to leave. JANET BENSON You’ve got some lint on your fuzz. She picks it off. BARRY Ow, that’s me! MARTIN BENSON Wave to us. We’ll be in row 118,000. Barry zips off. BARRY Bye! JANET BENSON Barry, I told you, stop flying in the house! CUT TO: SEQ. 750 - DRIVING TO GRADUATION EXT. BEE SUBURB - MORNING A GARAGE DOOR OPENS. Barry drives out in his CAR. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 3. ANGLE ON: Barry’s friend, ADAM FLAYMAN, standing by the curb. He’s reading a NEWSPAPER with the HEADLINE: “Frisbee Hits Hive: Internet Down. Bee-stander: “I heard a sound, and next thing I knew...wham-o!.” Barry drives up, stops in front of Adam. Adam jumps in. BARRY Hey, Adam. ADAM Hey, Barry. (pointing at Barry’s hair) Is that fuzz gel? BARRY A little. It’s a special day. Finally graduating. ADAM I never thought I’d make it. BARRY Yeah, three days of grade school, three days of high school. ADAM Those were so awkward. BARRY Three days of college. I’m glad I took off one day in the middle and just hitchhiked around the hive. ADAM You did come back different. They drive by a bee who’s jogging. ARTIE Hi Barry! BARRY (to a bee pedestrian) Hey Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good. Barry and Adam drive from the suburbs into the city. ADAM Hey, did you hear about Frankie? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 4. BARRY Yeah. ADAM You going to his funeral? BARRY No, I’m not going to his funeral. Everybody knows you sting someone you die, you don’t waste it on a squirrel. He was such a hot head. ADAM Yeah, I guess he could’ve just gotten out of the way. The DRIVE through a loop de loop. BARRY AND ADAM Whoa...Whooo...wheee!! ADAM I love this incorporating the amusement park right into our regular day. BARRY I guess that’s why they say we don’t need vacations. CUT TO: SEQ. 95 - GRADUATION EXT. GRADUATION CEREMONY - CONTINUOUS Barry and Adam come to a stop. They exit the car, and fly over the crowd to their seats. * BARRY * (re: graduation ceremony) * Boy, quite a bit of pomp...under * the circumstances. * They land in their seats. BARRY (CONT’D) Well Adam, today we are men. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 5. ADAM We are. BARRY Bee-men. ADAM Amen! BARRY Hallelujah. Barry hits Adam’s forehead. Adam goes into the rapture. An announcement comes over the PA. ANNOUNCER (V.O) Students, faculty, distinguished bees...please welcome, Dean Buzzwell. ANGLE ON: DEAN BUZZWELL steps up to the podium. The podium has a sign that reads: “Welcome Graduating Class of:”, with train-station style flipping numbers after it. BUZZWELL Welcome New Hive City graduating class of... The numbers on the podium change to 9:15. BUZZWELL (CONT’D) ...9:15. (he clears his throat) And that concludes our graduation ceremonies. And begins your career at Honex Industries. BARRY Are we going to pick our job today? ADAM I heard it’s just orientation. The rows of chairs change in transformer-like mechanical motion to Universal Studios type tour trams. Buzzwell walks off stage. BARRY (re: trams) Whoa, heads up! Here we go. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 6. SEQ. 125 - “FACTORY” FEMALE VOICE (V.O) Keep your hands and antennas inside the tram at all times. (in Spanish) Dejen las manos y antennas adentro del tram a todos tiempos. BARRY I wonder what it’s going to be like? ADAM A little scary. Barry shakes Adam. BARRY AND ADAM AAHHHH! The tram passes under SIGNS READING: “Honex: A Division of Honesco: A Part of the Hexagon Group.” TRUDY Welcome to Honex, a division of Honesco, and a part of the Hexagon group. BARRY This is it! The Honex doors OPEN, revealing the factory. BARRY (CONT’D) Wow. TRUDY We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life. Honey begins when our valiant pollen jocks bring the nectar to the hive where our top secret formula is automatically color-corrected, scent adjusted and bubble contoured into this... Trudy GRABS a TEST TUBE OF HONEY from a technician. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 7. TRUDY (CONT’D) ...soothing, sweet syrup with its distinctive golden glow, you all know as... EVERYONE ON THE TRAM (in unison) H-o-n-e-y. Trudy flips the flask into the crowd, and laughs as they all scramble for it. ANGLE ON: A GIRL BEE catching the honey. ADAM (sotto) That girl was hot. BARRY (sotto) She’s my cousin. ADAM She is? BARRY Yes, we’re all cousins. ADAM Right. You’re right. TRUDY At Honex, we also constantly strive to improve every aspect of bee existence. These bees are stress testing a new helmet technology. ANGLE ON: A STUNT BEE in a HELMET getting hit with a NEWSPAPER, then a SHOE, then a FLYSWATTER. He gets up, and gives a “thumb’s up”. The graduate bees APPLAUD. ADAM (re: stunt bee) What do you think he makes? BARRY Not enough. TRUDY And here we have our latest advancement, the Krelman. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 8. BARRY Wow, what does that do? TRUDY Catches that little strand of honey that hangs after you pour it. Saves us millions. ANGLE ON: The Krelman machine. Bees with hand-shaped hats on, rotating around a wheel to catch drips of honey. Adam’s hand shoots up. ADAM Can anyone work on the Krelman? TRUDY Of course. Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know that every small job, if it’s done well, means a lot. There are over 3000 different bee occupations. But choose carefully, because you’ll stay in the job that you pick for the rest of your life. The bees CHEER. ANGLE ON: Barry’s smile dropping slightly. BARRY The same job for the rest of your life? I didn’t know that. ADAM What’s the difference? TRUDY And you’ll be happy to know that bees as a species haven’t had one day off in 27 million years. BARRY So you’ll just work us to death? TRUDY (laughing) We’ll sure try. Everyone LAUGHS except Barry. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 9. The tram drops down a log-flume type steep drop. Cameras flash, as all the bees throw up their hands. The frame freezes into a snapshot. Barry looks concerned. The tram continues through 2 doors. FORM DISSOLVE TO: SEQ. 175 - “WALKING THE HIVE” INT. HONEX LOBBY ANGLE ON: The log-flume photo, as Barry looks at it. ADAM Wow. That blew my mind. BARRY (annoyed) “What’s the difference?” Adam, how could you say that? One job forever? That’s an insane choice to have to make. ADAM Well, I’m relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life. BARRY But Adam, how could they never have told us that? ADAM Barry, why would you question anything? We’re bees. We’re the most perfectly functioning society on Earth. They walk by a newspaper stand with A SANDWICH BOARD READING: “Bee Goes Berserk: Stings Seven Then Self.” ANGLE ON: A BEE filling his car’s gas tank from a honey pump. He fills his car some, then takes a swig for himself. NEWSPAPER BEE (to the bee guzzling gas) Hey! Barry and Adam begin to cross the street. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 10. BARRY Yeah but Adam, did you ever think that maybe things work a little too well around here? They stop in the middle of the street. The traffic moves perfectly around them. ADAM Like what? Give me one example. BARRY (thinks) ...I don’t know. But you know what I’m talking about. They walk off. SEQ. 400 - “MEET THE JOCKS” SFX: The SOUND of Pollen Jocks. PAN DOWN from the Honex statue. J-GATE ANNOUNCER Please clear the gate. Royal Nectar Force on approach. Royal Nectar Force on approach. BARRY Wait a second. Check it out. Hey, hey, those are Pollen jocks. ADAM Wow. FOUR PATROL BEES FLY in through the hive’s giant Gothic entrance. The Patrol Bees are wearing fighter pilot helmets with black visors. ADAM (CONT’D) I’ve never seen them this close. BARRY They know what it’s like to go outside the hive. ADAM Yeah, but some of them don’t come back. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 11. The nectar from the pollen jocks is removed from their backpacks, and loaded into trucks on their way to Honex. A SMALL CROWD forms around the Patrol Bees. Each one has a PIT CREW that takes their nectar. Lou Loduca hurries a pit crew along: LOU LODUCA You guys did great! You’re monsters. You’re sky freaks! I love it! I love it! SCHOOL GIRLS are jumping up and down and squealing nearby. BARRY I wonder where those guys have just been? ADAM I don’t know. BARRY Their day’s not planned. Outside the hive, flying who-knows-where, doing who-knows-what. ADAM You can’t just decide one day to be a Pollen Jock. You have to be bred for that. BARRY Right. Pollen Jocks cross in close proximity to Barry and Adam. Some pollen falls off, onto Barry and Adam. BARRY (CONT’D) Look at that. That’s more pollen than you and I will ever see in a lifetime. ADAM (playing with the pollen) It’s just a status symbol. I think bees make too big a deal out of it. BARRY Perhaps, unless you’re wearing it, and the ladies see you wearing it. ANGLE ON: Two girl bees. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 12. ADAM Those ladies? Aren’t they our cousins too? BARRY Distant, distant. ANGLE ON: TWO POLLEN JOCKS. JACKSON Look at these two. SPLITZ Couple of Hive Harrys. JACKSON Let’s have some fun with them. The pollen jocks approach. Barry and Adam continue to talk to the girls. GIRL 1 It must be so dangerous being a pollen jock. BARRY Oh yeah, one time a bear had me pinned up against a mushroom. He had one paw on my throat, and with the other he was slapping me back and forth across the face. GIRL 1 Oh my. BARRY I never thought I’d knock him out. GIRL 2 (to Adam) And what were you doing during all of this? ADAM Obviously I was trying to alert the authorities. The girl swipes some pollen off of Adam with a finger. BARRY (re: pollen) I can autograph that if you want. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 13. JACKSON Little gusty out there today, wasn’t it, comrades? BARRY Yeah. Gusty. BUZZ You know, we’re going to hit a sunflower patch about six miles from here tomorrow. BARRY Six miles, huh? ADAM (whispering) Barry. BUZZ It’s a puddle-jump for us. But maybe you’re not up for it. BARRY Maybe I am. ADAM (whispering louder) You are not! BUZZ We’re going, oh-nine hundred at JGate. ADAM (re: j-gate) Whoa. BUZZ (leaning in, on top of Barry) What do you think, Buzzy Boy? Are you bee enough? BARRY I might be. It all depends on what oh-nine hundred means. CUT TO: SEQ. 450 - “THE BALCONY” "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 14. INT. BENSON HOUSE BALCONY - LATER Barry is standing on the balcony alone, looking out over the city. Martin Benson ENTERS, sneaks up behind Barry and gooses him in his ribs. MARTIN BENSON Honex! BARRY Oh, Dad. You surprised me. MARTIN BENSON (laughing) Have you decided what you’re interested in, Son? BARRY Well, there’s a lot of choices. MARTIN BENSON But you only get one. Martin LAUGHS. BARRY Dad, do you ever get bored doing the same job every day? MARTIN BENSON Son, let me tell you something about stirring. (making the stirring motion) You grab that stick and you just move it around, and you stir it around. You get yourself into a rhythm, it’s a beautiful thing. BARRY You know dad, the more I think about it, maybe the honey field just isn’t right for me. MARTIN BENSON And you were thinking of what, making balloon animals? That’s a bad job for a guy with a stinger. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 15. BARRY Well no... MARTIN BENSON Janet, your son’s not sure he wants to go into honey. JANET BENSON Oh Barry, you are so funny sometimes. BARRY I’m not trying to be funny. MARTIN BENSON You’re not funny, you’re going into honey. Our son, the stirrer. JANET BENSON You’re going to be a stirrer?! BARRY No one’s listening to me. MARTIN BENSON Wait until you see the sticks I have for you. BARRY I can say anything I want right now. I’m going to get an ant tattoo. JANET BENSON Let’s open some fresh honey and celebrate. BARRY Maybe I’ll pierce my thorax! MARTIN BENSON (toasting) To honey! BARRY Shave my antennae! JANET BENSON To honey! "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 16. BARRY Shack up with a grasshopper, get a gold tooth, and start calling everybody “Dawg.” CUT TO: SEQ. 760 - “JOB PLACEMENT” EXT. HONEX LOBBY - CONTINUOUS ANGLE ON: A BEE BUS STOP. One group of bees stands on the pavement, as another group hovers above them. A doubledecker bus pulls up. The hovering bees get on the top level, and the standing bees get on the bottom. Barry and Adam pull up outside of Honex. ADAM I can’t believe we’re starting work today. BARRY Today’s the day. Adam jumps out of the car. ADAM (O.C) Come on. All the good jobs will be gone. BARRY Yeah, right... ANGLE ON: A BOARD READING: “JOB PLACEMENT BOARD”. Buzzwell, the Bee Processor, is at the counter. Another BEE APPLICANT, SANDY SHRIMPKIN is EXITING. SANDY SHRIMPKIN Is it still available? BUZZWELL Hang on. (he looks at changing numbers on the board) Two left. And...one of them’s yours. Congratulations Son, step to the side please. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 17. SANDY SHRIMPKIN Yeah! ADAM (to Sandy, leaving) What did you get? SANDY SHRIMPKIN Picking the crud out. That is stellar! ADAM Wow. BUZZWELL (to Adam and Barry) Couple of newbies? ADAM Yes Sir. Our first day. We are ready. BUZZWELL Well, step up and make your choice. ANGLE ON: A CHART listing the different sectors of Honex. Heating, Cooling, Viscosity, Krelman, Pollen Counting, Stunt Bee, Pouring, Stirrer, Humming, Regurgitating, Front Desk, Hair Removal, Inspector No. 7, Chef, Lint Coordinator, Stripe Supervisor, Antennae-ball polisher, Mite Wrangler, Swatting Counselor, Wax Monkey, Wing Brusher, Hive Keeper, Restroom Attendant. ADAM (to Barry) You want to go first? BARRY No, you go. ADAM Oh my. What’s available? BUZZWELL Restroom attendant is always open, and not for the reason you think. ADAM Any chance of getting on to the Krelman, Sir? BUZZWELL Sure, you’re on. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 18. He plops the KRELMAN HAT onto Adam’s head. ANGLE ON: The job board. THE COLUMNS READ: “OCCUPATION” “POSITIONS AVAILABLE”, and “STATUS”. The middle column has numbers, and the right column has job openings flipping between “open”, “pending”, and “closed”. BUZZWELL (CONT’D) Oh, I’m sorry. The Krelman just closed out. ADAM Oh! He takes the hat off Adam. BUZZWELL Wax Monkey’s always open. The Krelman goes from “Closed” to “Open”. BUZZWELL (CONT’D) And the Krelman just opened up again. ADAM What happened? BUZZWELL Well, whenever a bee dies, that’s an opening. (pointing at the board) See that? He’s dead, dead, another dead one, deady, deadified, two more dead. Dead from the neck up, dead from the neck down. But, that’s life. ANGLE ON: Barry’s disturbed expression. ADAM (feeling pressure to decide) Oh, this is so hard. Heating, cooling, stunt bee, pourer, stirrer, humming, inspector no. 7, lint coordinator, stripe supervisor, antenna-ball polisher, mite wrangler-- Barry, Barry, what do you think I should-- Barry? Barry? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 19. Barry is gone. CUT TO: SEQ. 775 - “LOU LODUCA SPEECH” EXT. J-GATE - SAME TIME Splitz, Jackson, Buzz, Lou and two other BEES are going through final pre-flight checks. Barry ENTERS. LOU LODUCA Alright, we’ve got the sunflower patch in quadrant nine. Geranium window box on Sutton Place... Barry’s antennae rings, like a phone. ADAM (V.O) What happened to you? Where are you? Barry whispers throughout. BARRY I’m going out. ADAM (V.O) Out? Out where? BARRY Out there. ADAM (V.O) (putting it together) Oh no. BARRY I have to, before I go to work for the rest of my life. ADAM (V.O) You’re going to die! You’re crazy! Hello? BARRY Oh, another call coming in. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 20. ADAM (V.O) You’re cra-- Barry HANGS UP. ANGLE ON: Lou Loduca. LOU LODUCA If anyone’s feeling brave, there’s a Korean Deli on 83rd that gets their roses today. BARRY (timidly) Hey guys. BUZZ Well, look at that. SPLITZ Isn’t that the kid we saw yesterday? LOU LODUCA (to Barry) Hold it son, flight deck’s restricted. JACKSON It’s okay Lou, we’re going to take him up. Splitz and Jackson CHUCKLE. LOU LODUCA Really? Feeling lucky, are ya? A YOUNGER SMALLER BEE THAN BARRY, CHET, runs up with a release waiver for Barry to sign. CHET Sign here. Here. Just initial that. Thank you. LOU LODUCA Okay, you got a rain advisory today and as you all know, bees cannot fly in rain. So be careful. As always, (reading off clipboard) watch your brooms, hockey sticks, dogs, birds, bears, and bats. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 21. Also, I got a couple reports of root beer being poured on us. Murphy’s in a home because of it, just babbling like a cicada. BARRY That’s awful. LOU LODUCA And a reminder for all you rookies, bee law number one, absolutely no talking to humans. Alright, launch positions! The Jocks get into formation, chanting as they move. LOU LODUCA (CONT’D) Black and Yellow! JOCKS Hello! SPLITZ (to Barry) Are you ready for this, hot shot? BARRY Yeah. Yeah, bring it on. Barry NODS, terrified. BUZZ Wind! - CHECK! JOCK #1 Antennae! - CHECK! JOCK #2 Nectar pack! - CHECK! JACKSON Wings! - CHECK! SPLITZ Stinger! - CHECK! BARRY Scared out of my shorts - CHECK. LOU LODUCA Okay ladies, let’s move it out. Everyone FLIPS their goggles down. Pit crew bees CRANK their wings, and remove the starting blocks. We hear loud HUMMING. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 22. LOU LODUCA (CONT'D) LOU LODUCA (CONT’D) Pound those petunia's, you striped stem-suckers! All of you, drain those flowers! A FLIGHT DECK GUY in deep crouch hand-signals them out the archway as the backwash from the bee wings FLUTTERS his jump suit. Barry follows everyone. SEQ. 800 - “FLYING WITH THE JOCKS” The bees climb above tree tops in formation. Barry is euphoric. BARRY Whoa! I’m out! I can’t believe I’m out! So blue. Ha ha ha! (a beat) I feel so fast...and free. (re: kites in the sky) Box kite! Wow! They fly by several bicyclists, and approach a patch of flowers. BARRY (CONT'D) Flowers! SPLITZ This is blue leader. We have roses visual. Bring it around thirty degrees and hold. BARRY (sotto) Roses. JACKSON Thirty degrees, roger, bringing it around. Many pollen jocks break off from the main group. They use their equipment to collect nectar from flowers. Barry flies down to watch the jocks collect the nectar. JOCK Stand to the side kid, it’s got a bit of a kick. The jock fires the gun, and recoils. Barry watches the gun fill up with nectar. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 23. BARRY Oh, that is one Nectar Collector. JOCK You ever see pollination up close? BARRY No, Sir. He takes off, and the excess pollen dust falls causing the flowers to come back to life. JOCK (as he pollinates) I pick some pollen up over here, sprinkle it over here, maybe a dash over there, pinch on that one...see that? It’s a little bit of magic, ain’t it? The FLOWERS PERK UP as he pollinates. BARRY Wow. That’s amazing. Why do we do that? JOCK ...that’s pollen power, Kid. More pollen, more flowers, more nectar, more honey for us. BARRY Cool. The Jock WINKS at Barry. Barry rejoins the other jocks in the sky. They swoop in over a pond, kissing the surface. We see their image reflected in the water; they’re really moving. They fly over a fountain. BUZZ I’m picking up a lot of bright yellow, could be daisies. Don’t we need those? SPLITZ Copy that visual. We see what appear to be yellow flowers on a green field. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 24. They go into a deep bank and dive. BUZZ Hold on, one of these flowers seems to be on the move. SPLITZ Say again...Are you reporting a moving flower? BUZZ Affirmative. SEQ. 900 - “TENNIS GAME” The pollen jocks land. It is a tennis court with dozens of tennis balls. A COUPLE, VANESSA and KEN, plays tennis. The bees land right in the midst of a group of balls. KEN (O.C) That was on the line! The other bees start walking around amongst the immense, yellow globes. SPLITZ This is the coolest. What is it? They stop at a BALL on a white line and look up at it. JACKSON I don’t know, but I’m loving this color. SPLITZ (smelling tennis ball) Smells good. Not like a flower. But I like it. JACKSON Yeah, fuzzy. BUZZ Chemical-y. JACKSON Careful, guys, it’s a little grabby. Barry LANDS on a ball and COLLAPSES. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 25. BARRY Oh my sweet lord of bees. JACKSON Hey, candy brain, get off there! Barry attempts to pulls his legs off, but they stick. BARRY Problem! A tennis shoe and a hand ENTER FRAME. The hand picks up the ball with Barry underneath it. BARRY (CONT'D) Guys! BUZZ This could be bad. JACKSON Affirmative. Vanessa walks back to the service line, BOUNCES the ball. Each time it BOUNCES, the other bees cringe and GASP. ANGLE ON: Barry, terrified. Pure dumb luck, he’s not getting squished. BARRY (with each bounce) Very close...Gonna Hurt...Mamma’s little boy. SPLITZ You are way out of position, rookie. ANGLE ON: Vanessa serving. We see Barry and the ball up against the racket as she brings it back. She tosses the ball into the air; Barry’s eyes widen. The ball is STRUCK, and the rally is on. KEN Coming in at you like a missile! Ken HITS the ball back. Barry feels the g-forces. ANGLE ON: The Pollen Jocks watching Barry pass by them in SLOW MOTION. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 26. BARRY (in slow motion) Help me! JACKSON You know, I don't think these are flowers. SPLITZ Should we tell him? JACKSON I think he knows. BARRY (O.S) What is this?! Vanessa HITS a high arcing lob. Ken waits, poised for the return. We see Barry having trouble maneuvering the ball from fatigue. KEN (overly confident) Match point! ANGLE ON: Ken running up. He has a killer look in his eyes. He’s going to hit the ultimate overhead smash. KEN (CONT'D) You can just start packing up Honey, because I believe you’re about to eat it! ANGLE ON: Pollen Jocks. JACKSON Ahem! Ken is distracted by the jock. KEN What? No! He misses badly. The ball rockets into oblivion. Barry is still hanging on. ANGLE ON: Ken, berating himself. KEN (CONT’D) Oh, you cannot be serious. We hear the ball WHISTLING, and Barry SCREAMING. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 27. BARRY Yowser!!! SEQ. 1000 - “SUV” The ball flies through the air, and lands in the middle of the street. It bounces into the street again, and sticks in the grille of an SUV. INT. CAR ENGINE - CONTINUOUS BARRY’S POV: the grille of the SUV sucks him up. He tumbles through a black tunnel, whirling vanes, and pistons. BARRY AHHHHHHHHHHH!! OHHHH!! EECHHH!! AHHHHHH!! Barry gets chilled by the A/C system, and sees a frozen grasshopper. BARRY (CONT’D) (re: grasshopper) Eww, gross. CUT TO: INT. CAR - CONTINUOUS The car is packed with a typical suburban family: MOTHER, FATHER, eight-year old BOY, LITTLE GIRL in a car seat and a GRANDMOTHER. A big slobbery DOG is behind a grate. Barry pops into the passenger compartment, hitting the Mother’s magazine. MOTHER There’s a bee in the car! They all notice the bee and start SCREAMING. BARRY Aaahhhh! Barry tumbles around the car. We see the faces from his POV. MOTHER Do something! "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 28. FATHER I’m driving! Barry flies by the little girl in her CAR SEAT. She waves hello. LITTLE GIRL Hi, bee. SON He’s back here! He’s going to sting me! The car SWERVES around the road. Barry flies into the back, where the slobbery dog SNAPS at him. Barry deftly avoids the jaws and gross, flying SPITTLE. MOTHER Nobody move. If you don’t move, he won’t sting you. Freeze! Everyone in the car freezes. Barry freezes. They stare at each other, eyes going back and forth, waiting to see who will make the first move. Barry blinks. GRANNY He blinked! Granny pulls out a can of HAIR SPRAY. SON Spray him, Granny! Granny sprays the hair spray everywhere. FATHER What are you doing? GRANNY It’s hair spray! Extra hold! MOTHER Kill it! Barry gets sprayed back by the hair spray, then sucked out of the sunroof. CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 29. EXT. CITY STREET - CONTINUOUS BARRY Wow. The tension level out here is unbelievable. I’ve got to get home. As Barry flies down the street, it starts to RAIN. He nimbly avoids the rain at first. BARRY (CONT’D) Whoa. Whoa! Can’t fly in rain! Can’t fly in rain! Can’t fly in-- A couple of drops hit him, his wings go limp and he starts falling. BARRY (CONT'D) Mayday! Mayday! Bee going down! Barry sees a window ledge and aims for it and just makes it. Shivering and exhausted, he crawls into an open window as it CLOSES. SEQ. 1100 - “VANESSA SAVES BARRY” INT. VANESSA’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS Inside the window, Barry SHAKES off the rain like a dog. Vanessa, Ken, Andy, and Anna ENTER the apartment. VANESSA Ken, can you close the window please? KEN Huh? Oh. (to Andy) Hey, check out my new resume. I made it into a fold-out brochure. You see? It folds out. Ken holds up his brochure, with photos of himself, and a resume in the middle. ANGLE ON: Barry hiding behind the curtains, as Ken CLOSES THE WINDOW. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 30. BARRY Oh no, more humans. I don’t need this. Barry HOVERS up into the air and THROWS himself into the glass. BARRY (CONT’D) (dazed) Ow! What was that? He does it again, and then multiple more times. BARRY (CONT'D) Maybe this time...this time, this time, this time, this time, this time, this time, this time. Barry JUMPS onto the drapes. BARRY (CONT'D) (out of breath) Drapes! (then, re: glass) That is diabolical. KEN It’s fantastic. It’s got all my special skills, even my top ten favorite movies. ANDY What’s your number one? Star Wars? KEN Ah, I don’t go for that, (makes Star Wars noises), kind of stuff. ANGLE ON: Barry. BARRY No wonder we’re not supposed to talk to them. They’re out of their minds. KEN When I walk out of a job interview they’re flabbergasted. They can’t believe the things I say. Barry looks around and sees the LIGHT BULB FIXTURE in the middle of the ceiling. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 31. BARRY (re: light bulb) Oh, there’s the sun. Maybe that’s a way out. Barry takes off and heads straight for the light bulb. His POV: The seventy-five watt label grows as he gets closer. BARRY (CONT’D) I don’t remember the sun having a big seventy five on it. Barry HITS the bulb and is KNOCKED SILLY. He falls into a BOWL OF GUACAMOLE. Andy dips his chip in the guacamole, taking Barry with it. ANGLE ON: Ken and Andy. KEN I’ll tell you what. You know what? I predicted global warming. I could feel it getting hotter. At first I thought it was just me. Barry’s POV: Giant human mouth opening. KEN (CONT’D) Wait! Stop! Beeeeeee! ANNA Kill it! Kill it! They all JUMP up from their chairs. Andy looks around for something to use. Ken comes in for the kill with a big TIMBERLAND BOOT on each hand. KEN Stand back. These are winter boots. Vanessa ENTERS, and stops Ken from squashing Barry. VANESSA (grabs Ken’s arm) Wait. Don’t kill him. CLOSE UP: on Barry’s puzzled face. KEN You know I’m allergic to them. This thing could kill me. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 32. VANESSA Why does his life have any less value than yours? She takes a GLASS TUMBLER and places it over Barry. KEN Why does his life have any less value than mine? Is that your statement? VANESSA I’m just saying, all life has value. You don’t know what he’s capable of feeling. Barry looks up through the glass and watches this conversation, astounded. Vanessa RIPS Ken’s resume in half and SLIDES it under the glass. KEN (wistful) My brochure. There’s a moment of eye contact as she carries Barry to the window. She opens it and sets him free. VANESSA There you go, little guy. KEN (O.C) I’m not scared of them. But, you know, it’s an allergic thing. ANDY (O.C) * Hey, why don’t you put that on your * resume-brochure? * KEN (O.C) It’s not funny, my whole face could puff up. ANDY (O.C) Make it one of your “Special Skills.” KEN (O.C) You know, knocking someone out is also a special skill. CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 33. EXT. WINDOWSILL - CONTINUOUS Barry stares over the window frame. He can’t believe what’s just happened. It is still RAINING. DISSOLVE TO: SEQ. 1200 - “BARRY SPEAKS” EXT. WINDOWSILL - LATER Barry is still staring through the window. Inside, everyone’s saying their good-byes. KEN Vanessa, next week? Yogurt night? VANESSA Uh, yeah sure Ken. You know, whatever. KEN You can put carob chips on there. VANESSA Good night. KEN (as he exits) Supposed to be less calories, or something. VANESSA Bye. She shuts the door. Vanessa starts cleaning up. BARRY I’ve got to say something. She saved my life. I’ve got to say something. Alright, here it goes. Barry flies in. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 34. INT. VANESSA’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS Barry hides himself on different PRODUCTS placed along the kitchen shelves. He hides on a Bumblebee Tuna can, and a “Greetings From Coney Island” MUSCLE-MAN POSTCARD on the fridge. BARRY (on fridge) What would I say? (landing on a bottle) I could really get in trouble. He stands looking at Vanessa. BARRY (CONT'D) It’s a bee law. You’re not supposed to talk to a human. I can’t believe I’m doing this. I’ve got to. Oh, I can’t do it! Come on! No, yes, no, do it! I can’t. How should I start it? You like jazz? No, that’s no good. Here she comes. Speak, you fool. As Vanessa walks by, Barry takes a DEEP BREATH. BARRY (CONT’D) (cheerful) Umm...hi. Vanessa DROPS A STACK OF DISHES, and HOPS BACK. BARRY (CONT’D) I’m sorry. VANESSA You’re talking. BARRY Yes, I know, I know. VANESSA You’re talking. BARRY I know, I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. VANESSA It’s okay. It’s fine. It’s just, I know I’m dreaming, but I don’t recall going to bed. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 35. BARRY Well, you know I’m sure this is very disconcerting. VANESSA Well yeah. I mean this is a bit of a surprise to me. I mean...you’re a bee. BARRY Yeah, I am a bee, and you know I’m not supposed to be doing this, but they were all trying to kill me and if it wasn’t for you...I mean, I had to thank you. It’s just the way I was raised. Vanessa intentionally JABS her hand with a FORK. VANESSA Ow! BARRY That was a little weird. VANESSA (to herself) I’m talking to a bee. BARRY Yeah. VANESSA I’m talking to a bee. BARRY Anyway... VANESSA And a bee is talking to me... BARRY I just want you to know that I’m grateful, and I’m going to leave now. VANESSA Wait, wait, wait, wait, how did you learn to do that? BARRY What? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 36. VANESSA The talking thing. BARRY Same way you did, I guess. Mama, Dada, honey, you pick it up. VANESSA That’s very funny. BARRY Yeah. Bees are funny. If we didn’t laugh, we’d cry. With what we have to deal with. Vanessa LAUGHS. BARRY (CONT’D) Anyway. VANESSA Can I, uh, get you something? BARRY Like what? VANESSA I don’t know. I mean, I don’t know. Coffee? BARRY Well, uh, I don’t want to put you out. VANESSA It’s no trouble. BARRY Unless you’re making anyway. VANESSA Oh, it takes two minutes. BARRY Really? VANESSA It’s just coffee. BARRY I hate to impose. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 37. VANESSA Don’t be ridiculous. BARRY Actually, I would love a cup. VANESSA Hey, you want a little rum cake? BARRY I really shouldn’t. VANESSA Have a little rum cake. BARRY No, no, no, I can’t. VANESSA Oh, come on. BARRY You know, I’m trying to lose a couple micrograms here. VANESSA Where? BARRY Well... These stripes don’t help. VANESSA You look great. BARRY I don’t know if you know anything about fashion. Vanessa starts POURING the coffee through an imaginary cup and directly onto the floor. BARRY (CONT'D) Are you alright? VANESSA No. DISSOLVE TO: SEQ. 1300 - “ROOFTOP COFFEE” "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 38. EXT. VANESSA’S ROOF - LATER Barry and Vanessa are drinking coffee on her roof terrace. He is perched on her keychain. BARRY ...He can’t get a taxi. He’s making the tie in the cab, as they’re flying up Madison. So he finally gets there. VANESSA Uh huh? BARRY He runs up the steps into the church, the wedding is on... VANESSA Yeah? BARRY ...and he says, watermelon? I thought you said Guatemalan. VANESSA Uh huh? BARRY Why would I marry a watermelon? Barry laughs. Vanessa doesn’t. VANESSA Oh! Is that, uh, a bee joke? BARRY Yeah, that’s the kind of stuff that we do. VANESSA Yeah, different. A BEAT. VANESSA (CONT’D) So anyway...what are you going to do, Barry? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 39. BARRY About work? I don’t know. I want to do my part for the hive, but I can’t do it the way they want. VANESSA I know how you feel. BARRY You do? VANESSA Sure, my parents wanted me to be a lawyer or doctor, but I wanted to be a florist. BARRY Really? VANESSA My only interest is flowers. BARRY Our new queen was just elected with that same campaign slogan. VANESSA Oh. BARRY Anyway, see there’s my hive, right there. You can see it. VANESSA Oh, you’re in Sheep Meadow. BARRY (excited) Yes! You know the turtle pond? VANESSA Yes? BARRY I’m right off of that. VANESSA Oh, no way. I know that area. Do you know I lost a toe-ring there once? BARRY Really? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 40. VANESSA Yes. BARRY Why do girls put rings on their toes? VANESSA Why not? BARRY I don’t know. It’s like putting a hat on your knee. VANESSA Really? Okay. A JANITOR in the background changes a LIGHTBULB. To him, it appears that Vanessa is talking to an imaginary friend. JANITOR You all right, ma’am? VANESSA Oh, yeah, fine. Just having two cups of coffee. BARRY Anyway, this has been great. (wiping his mouth) Thanks for the coffee. Barry gazes at Vanessa. VANESSA Oh yeah, it’s no trouble. BARRY Sorry I couldn’t finish it. Vanessa giggles. BARRY (CONT'D) (re: coffee) If I did, I’d be up the rest of my life. Ummm. Can I take a piece of this with me? VANESSA Sure. Here, have a crumb. She takes a CRUMB from the plate and hands it to Barry. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 41. BARRY (a little dreamy) Oh, thanks. VANESSA Yeah. There is an awkward pause. BARRY Alright, well then, I guess I’ll see you around, or not, or... VANESSA Okay Barry. BARRY And thank you so much again, for before. VANESSA Oh that? BARRY Yeah. VANESSA Oh, that was nothing. BARRY Well, not nothing, but, anyway... Vanessa extends her hand, and shakes Barry’s gingerly. The Janitor watches. The lightbulb shorts out. The Janitor FALLS. CUT TO: SEQ. 1400 - “HONEX” INT. HONEX BUILDING - NEXT DAY ANGLE ON: A TEST BEE WEARING A PARACHUTE is in a wind tunnel, hovering through increasingly heavy wind. SIGNS UNDER A FLASHING LIGHT READ: “Test In Progress” & “Hurricane Survival Test”. 2 BEES IN A LAB COATS are observing behind glass. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 42. LAB COAT BEE 1 This can’t possibly work. LAB COAT BEE 2 Well, he’s all set to go, we may as well try it. (into the mic) Okay Dave, pull the chute. The test bee opens his parachute. He’s instantly blown against the rear wall. Adam and Barry ENTER. ADAM Sounds amazing. BARRY Oh, it was amazing. It was the scariest, happiest moment of my life. ADAM Humans! Humans! I can’t believe you were with humans! Giant scary humans! What were they like? BARRY Huge and crazy. They talk crazy, they eat crazy giant things. They drive around real crazy. ADAM And do they try and kill you like on TV? BARRY Some of them. But some of them don’t. ADAM How’d you get back? BARRY Poodle. ADAM Look, you did it. And I’m glad. You saw whatever you wanted to see out there, you had your “experience”, and now you’re back, you can pick out your job, and everything can be normal. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 43. ANGLE ON: LAB BEES examining a CANDY CORN through a microscope. BARRY Well... ADAM Well? BARRY Well, I met someone. ADAM You met someone? Was she Bee-ish? BARRY Mmm. ADAM Not a WASP? Your parents will kill you. BARRY No, no, no, not a wasp. ADAM Spider? BARRY You know, I’m not attracted to the spiders. I know to everyone else it’s like the hottest thing with the eight legs and all. I can’t get by that face. Barry makes a spider face. ADAM So, who is she? BARRY She’s a human. ADAM Oh no, no, no, no. That didn’t happen. You didn’t do that. That is a bee law. You wouldn’t break a bee law. BARRY Her name’s Vanessa. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 44. ADAM Oh, oh boy! BARRY She’s so-o nice. And she’s a florist! ADAM Oh, no. No, no, no! You’re dating a human florist? BARRY We’re not dating. ADAM You’re flying outside the hive. You’re talking to human beings that attack our homes with power washers and M-80’s. That’s 1/8 of a stick of dynamite. BARRY She saved my life. And she understands me. ADAM This is over. Barry pulls out the crumb. BARRY Eat this. Barry stuffs the crumb into Adam’s face. ADAM This is not over. What was that? BARRY They call it a crumb. ADAM That was SO STINGING STRIPEY! BARRY And that’s not even what they eat. That just falls off what they eat. Do you know what a Cinnabon is? ADAM No. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 45. BARRY It’s bread... ADAM Come in here! BARRY and cinnamon, ADAM Be quiet! BARRY and frosting...they heat it up-- ADAM Sit down! INT. ADAM’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS BARRY Really hot! ADAM Listen to me! We are not them. We’re us. There’s us and there’s them. BARRY Yes, but who can deny the heart that is yearning... Barry rolls his chair down the corridor. ADAM There’s no yearning. Stop yearning. Listen to me. You have got to start thinking bee, my friend. ANOTHER BEE JOINS IN. ANOTHER BEE Thinking bee. WIDER SHOT AS A 3RD BEE ENTERS, popping up over the cubicle wall. 3RD BEE Thinking bee. EVEN WIDER SHOT AS ALL THE BEES JOIN IN. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 46. OTHER BEES Thinking bee. Thinking bee. Thinking bee. CUT TO: SEQ. 1500 - “POOLSIDE NAGGING” EXT. BACKYARD PARENT’S HOUSE - DAY Barry sits on a RAFT in a hexagon honey pool, legs dangling into the water. Janet Benson and Martin Benson stand over him wearing big, sixties sunglasses and cabana-type outfits. The sun shines brightly behind their heads. JANET BENSON (O.C) There he is. He’s in the pool. MARTIN BENSON You know what your problem is, Barry? BARRY I’ve got to start thinking bee? MARTIN BENSON Barry, how much longer is this going to go on? It’s been three days. I don’t understand why you’re not working. BARRY Well, I’ve got a lot of big life decisions I’m thinking about. MARTIN BENSON What life? You have no life! You have no job! You’re barely a bee! Barry throws his hands in the air. BARRY Augh. JANET BENSON Would it kill you to just make a little honey? Barry ROLLS off the raft and SINKS to the bottom of the pool. We hear his parents’ MUFFLED VOICES from above the surface. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 47. JANET BENSON (CONT'D) (muffled) Barry, come out from under there. Your father’s talking to you. Martin, would you talk to him? MARTIN BENSON Barry, I’m talking to you. DISSOLVE TO: EXT. PICNIC AREA - DAY MUSIC: “Sugar Sugar” by the Archies. Barry and Vanessa are having a picnic. A MOSQUITO lands on Vanessa’s leg. She SWATS it violently. Barry’s head whips around, aghast. They stare at each other awkwardly in a frozen moment, then BURST INTO HYSTERICAL LAUGHTER. Vanessa GETS UP. VANESSA You coming? BARRY Got everything? VANESSA All set. Vanessa gets into a one-man Ultra Light plane with a black and yellow paint scheme. She puts on her helmet. BARRY You go ahead, I’ll catch up. VANESSA (come hither wink) Don’t be too long. The Ultra Light takes off. Barry catches up. They fly sideby-side. VANESSA (CONT’D) Watch this! Vanessa does a loop, and FLIES right into the side of a mountain, BURSTING into a huge ball of flames. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 48. BARRY (yelling, anguished) Vanessa! EXT. BARRY’S PARENT’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS ANGLE ON: Barry’s face bursting through the surface of the pool, GASPING for air, eyes opening in horror. MARTIN BENSON We’re still here, Barry. JANET BENSON I told you not to yell at him. He doesn’t respond when you yell at him. MARTIN BENSON Then why are you yelling at me? JANET BENSON Because you don’t listen. MARTIN BENSON I’m not listening to this. Barry is toweling off, putting on his sweater. BARRY Sorry Mom, I’ve got to go. JANET BENSON Where are you going? BARRY Nowhere. I’m meeting a friend. Barry JUMPS off the balcony and EXITS. JANET BENSON (calling after him) A girl? Is this why you can’t decide? BARRY Bye! JANET BENSON I just hope she’s Bee-ish. CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 49. SEQ. 1700 - “STREETWALK/SUPERMARKET” EXT. VANESSA’S FLORIST SHOP - DAY Vanessa FLIPS the sign to say “Sorry We Missed You”, and locks the door. ANGLE ON: A POSTER on Vanessa’s door for the Tournament of Roses Parade in Pasadena. BARRY So they have a huge parade of just flowers every year in Pasadena? VANESSA Oh, to be in the Tournament of Roses, that’s every florist’s dream. Up on a float, surrounded by flowers, crowds cheering. BARRY Wow, a tournament. Do the roses actually compete in athletic events? VANESSA No. Alright, I’ve got one. How come you don’t fly everywhere? BARRY It’s exhausting. Why don’t you run everywhere? VANESSA Hmmm. BARRY Isn’t that faster? VANESSA Yeah, okay. I see, I see. Alright, your turn. Barry and Vanessa walk/fly down a New York side street, no other pedestrians near them. BARRY Ah! Tivo. You can just freeze live TV? That’s insane. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 50. VANESSA What, you don’t have anything like that? BARRY We have Hivo, but it’s a disease. It’s a horrible, horrible disease. VANESSA Oh my. They turn the corner onto a busier avenue and people start to swat at Barry. MAN Dumb bees! VANESSA You must just want to sting all those jerks. BARRY We really try not to sting. It’s usually fatal for us. VANESSA So you really have to watch your temper? They ENTER a SUPERMARKET. CUT TO: INT. SUPERMARKET BARRY Oh yeah, very carefully. You kick a wall, take a walk, write an angry letter and throw it out. You work through it like any emotion-- anger, jealousy, (under his breath) lust. Barry hops on top of some cardboard boxes in the middle of an aisle. A stock boy, HECTOR, whacks him with a rolled up magazine. VANESSA (to Barry) Oh my goodness. Are you okay? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 51. BARRY Yeah. Whew! Vanessa WHACKS Hector over the head with the magazine. VANESSA (to Hector) What is wrong with you?! HECTOR It’s a bug. VANESSA Well he’s not bothering anybody. Get out of here, you creep. Vanessa pushes him, and Hector EXITS, muttering. BARRY (shaking it off) What was that, a Pick and Save circular? VANESSA Yeah, it was. How did you know? BARRY It felt like about ten pages. Seventy-five’s pretty much our limit. VANESSA Boy, you’ve really got that down to a science. BARRY Oh, we have to. I lost a cousin to Italian Vogue. VANESSA I’ll bet. Barry stops, sees the wall of honey jars. BARRY What, in the name of Mighty Hercules, is this? How did this get here? Cute Bee? Golden Blossom? Ray Liotta Private Select? VANESSA Is he that actor? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 52. BARRY I never heard of him. Why is this here? VANESSA For people. We eat it. BARRY Why? (gesturing around the market) You don’t have enough food of your own? VANESSA Well yes, we-- BARRY How do you even get it? VANESSA Well, bees make it... BARRY I know who makes it! And it’s hard to make it! There’s Heating and Cooling, and Stirring...you need a whole Krelman thing. VANESSA It’s organic. BARRY It’s our-ganic! VANESSA It’s just honey, Barry. BARRY Just...what?! Bees don’t know about this. This is stealing. A lot of stealing! You’ve taken our homes, our schools, our hospitals. This is all we have. And it’s on sale? I’m going to get to the bottom of this. I’m going to get to the bottom of all of this! He RIPS the label off the Ray Liotta Private Select. CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 53. SEQ. 1800 - “WINDSHIELD” EXT. BACK OF SUPERMARKET LOADING DOCK - LATER THAT DAY Barry disguises himself by blacking out his yellow lines with a MAGIC MARKER and putting on some war paint. He sees Hector, the stock boy, with a knife CUTTING open cardboard boxes filled with honey jars. MAN You almost done? HECTOR Almost. Barry steps in some honey, making a SNAPPING noise. Hector stops and turns. HECTOR (CONT’D) He is here. I sense it. Hector grabs his BOX CUTTER. Barry REACTS, hides himself behind the box again. HECTOR (CONT’D) (talking too loud, to no one in particular) Well, I guess I’ll go home now, and just leave this nice honey out, with no one around. A BEAT. Hector pretends to exit. He takes a couple of steps in place. ANGLE ON: The honey jar. Barry steps out into a moody spotlight. BARRY You’re busted, box boy! HECTOR Ah ha! I knew I heard something. So, you can talk. Barry flies up, stinger out, pushing Hector up against the wall. As Hector backs up, he drops his knife. BARRY Oh, I can talk. And now you’re going to start talking. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 54. Where are you getting all the sweet stuff? Who’s your supplier?! HECTOR I don’t know what you’re talking about. I thought we were all friends. The last thing we want to do is upset any of you...bees! Hector grabs a PUSHPIN. Barry fences with his stinger. HECTOR (CONT’D) You’re too late. It’s ours now! BARRY You, sir, have crossed the wrong sword. HECTOR You, sir, are about to be lunch for my iguana, Ignacio! Barry and Hector get into a cross-swords, nose-to-nose confrontation. BARRY Where is the honey coming from? Barry knocks the pushpin out of his hand. Barry puts his stinger up to Hector’s nose. BARRY (CONT'D) Tell me where?! HECTOR (pointing to a truck) Honey Farms. It comes from Honey Farms. ANGLE ON: A Honey Farms truck leaving the parking lot. Barry turns, takes off after the truck through an alley. He follows the truck out onto a busy street, dodging a bus, and several cabs. CABBIE Crazy person! He flies through a metal pipe on the top of a truck. BARRY OOOHHH! "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 55. BARRY (CONT'D) Barry grabs onto a bicycle messenger’s backpack. The honey farms truck starts to pull away. Barry uses the bungee cord to slingshot himself towards the truck. He lands on the windshield, where the wind plasters him to the glass. He looks up to find himself surrounded by what appear to be DEAD BUGS. He climbs across, working his way around the bodies. BARRY (CONT’D) Oh my. What horrible thing has happened here? Look at these faces. They never knew what hit them. And now they’re on the road to nowhere. A MOSQUITO opens his eyes. MOOSEBLOOD Pssst! Just keep still. BARRY What? You’re not dead? MOOSEBLOOD Do I look dead? Hey man, they will wipe anything that moves. Now, where are you headed? BARRY To Honey Farms. I am onto something huge here. MOOSEBLOOD I’m going to Alaska. Moose blood. Crazy stuff. Blows your head off. LADYBUG I’m going to Tacoma. BARRY (to fly) What about you? MOOSEBLOOD He really is dead. BARRY Alright. The WIPER comes towards them. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 56. MOOSEBLOOD Uh oh. BARRY What is that? MOOSEBLOOD Oh no! It’s a wiper, triple blade! BARRY Triple blade? MOOSEBLOOD Jump on. It’s your only chance, bee. They hang on as the wiper goes back and forth. MOOSEBLOOD (CONT'D) (yelling to the truck driver through the glass) Why does everything have to be so dog-gone clean?! How much do you people need to see? Open your eyes! Stick your head out the window! CUT TO: INT. TRUCK CAB SFX: Radio. RADIO VOICE For NPR News in Washington, I’m Carl Kasell. EXT. TRUCK WINDSHIELD MOOSEBLOOD But don’t kill no more bugs! The Mosquito is FLUNG off of the wiper. MOOSEBLOOD (CONT'D) Beeeeeeeeeeeeee! BARRY Moose blood guy! "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 57. Barry slides toward the end of the wiper, is thrown off, but he grabs the AERIAL and hangs on for dear life. Barry looks across and sees a CRICKET on another vehicle in the exact same predicament. They look at each other and SCREAM in unison. BARRY AND CRICKET Aaaaaaaaaah! ANOTHER BUG grabs onto the aerial, and screams as well. INT. TRUCK CAB - SAME TIME DRIVER You hear something? TRUCKER PASSENGER Like what? DRIVER Like tiny screaming. TRUCKER PASSENGER Turn off the radio. The driver reaches down and PRESSES a button, lowering the aerial. EXT. TRUCK WINDSHIELD - SAME TIME Barry and the other bug do a “choose up” to the bottom, Barry wins. BARRY Aha! Then he finally has to let go and gets thrown into the truck horn atop cab. Mooseblood is inside. MOOSEBLOOD Hey, what’s up bee boy? BARRY Hey, Blood! DISSOLVE TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 58. INT. TRUCK HORN - LATER BARRY ...and it was just an endless row of honey jars as far as the eye could see. MOOSEBLOOD Wow. BARRY So I’m just assuming wherever this honey truck goes, that’s where they’re getting it. I mean, that honey’s ours! MOOSEBLOOD Bees hang tight. BARRY Well, we’re all jammed in there. It’s a close community. MOOSEBLOOD Not us, man. We’re on our own. Every mosquito is on his own. BARRY But what if you get in trouble? MOOSEBLOOD Trouble? You're a mosquito. You're in trouble! Nobody likes us. They’re just all smacking. People see a mosquito, smack, smack! BARRY At least you’re out in the world. You must meet a lot of girls. MOOSEBLOOD Mosquito girls try to trade up; get with a moth, dragonfly...mosquito girl don’t want no mosquito. A BLOOD MOBILE pulls up alongside. MOOSEBLOOD (CONT'D) Whoa, you have got to be kidding me. Mooseblood’s about to leave the building. So long bee. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 59. Mooseblood EXITS the horn, and jumps onto the blood mobile. MOOSEBLOOD (CONT'D) Hey guys. I knew I’d catch you all down here. Did you bring your crazy straws? CUT TO: SEQ. 1900 - “THE APIARY” EXT. APIARY - LATER Barry sees a SIGN, “Honey Farms” The truck comes to a stop. SFX: The Honey farms truck blares its horn. Barry flies out, lands on the hood. ANGLE ON: Two BEEKEEPERS, FREDDY and ELMO, walking around to the back of the gift shop. Barry follows them, and lands in a nearby tree FREDDY ...then we throw it in some jars, slap a label on it, and it’s pretty much pure profit. BARRY What is this place? ELMO Bees got a brain the size of a pinhead. FREDDY They are pinheads. The both LAUGH. ANGLE ON: Barry REACTING. They arrive at the back of the shop where one of them opens a SMOKER BOX. FREDDY (CONT’D) Hey, check out the new smoker. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 60. ELMO Oh, Sweet. That’s the one you want. FREDDY The Thomas 3000. BARRY Smoker? FREDDY 90 puffs a minute, semi-automatic. Twice the nicotine, all the tar. They LAUGH again, nefariously. FREDDY (CONT’D) Couple of breaths of this, and it knocks them right out. They make the honey, and we make the money. BARRY “They make the honey, and we make the money?” Barry climbs onto the netting of Freddy’s hat. He climbs up to the brim and looks over the edge. He sees the apiary boxes as Freddy SMOKES them. BARRY (CONT'D) Oh my. As Freddy turns around, Barry jumps into an open apiary box, and into an apartment. HOWARD and FRAN are just coming to from the smoking. BARRY (CONT’D) What’s going on? Are you okay? HOWARD Yeah, it doesn’t last too long. HE COUGHS a few times. BARRY How did you two get here? Do you know you’re in a fake hive with fake walls? HOWARD (pointing to a picture on the wall) "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 61. Our queen was moved here, we had no choice. BARRY (looking at a picture on the wall) This is your queen? That’s a man in women’s clothes. That’s a dragqueen! The other wall opens. Barry sees the hundreds of apiary boxes. BARRY (CONT'D) What is this? Barry pulls out his camera, and starts snapping. BARRY (CONT’D) Oh no. There’s hundreds of them. (V.O, as Barry takes pictures) Bee honey, our honey, is being brazenly stolen on a massive scale. CUT TO: SEQ. 2100 - “BARRY TELLS FAMILY” INT. BARRY’S PARENT’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - LATER Barry has assembled his parents, Adam, and Uncle Carl. BARRY This is worse than anything the bears have done to us. And I intend to do something about it. JANET BENSON Oh Barry, stop. MARTIN BENSON Who told you that humans are taking our honey? That’s just a rumor. BARRY Do these look like rumors? Barry throws the PICTURES on the table. Uncle Carl, cleaning his glasses with his shirt tail, digs through a bowl of nuts with his finger. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 62. HOWARD (CONT'D) UNCLE CARL That’s a conspiracy theory. These are obviously doctored photos. JANET BENSON Barry, how did you get mixed up in all this? ADAM (jumping up) Because he’s been talking to humans! JANET BENSON Whaaat? MARTIN BENSON Talking to humans?! Oh Barry. ADAM He has a human girlfriend and they make out! JANET BENSON Make out? Barry? BARRY We do not. ADAM You wish you could. BARRY Who’s side are you on? ADAM The bees! Uncle Carl stands up and pulls his pants up to his chest. UNCLE CARL I dated a cricket once in San Antonio. Man, those crazy legs kept me up all night. Hotcheewah! JANET BENSON Barry, this is what you want to do with your life? BARRY This is what I want to do for all our lives. Nobody works harder than bees. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 63. Dad, I remember you coming home some nights so overworked, your hands were still stirring. You couldn’t stop them. MARTIN BENSON Ehhh... JANET BENSON (to Martin) I remember that. BARRY What right do they have to our hardearned honey? We’re living on two cups a year. They’re putting it in lip balm for no reason what-soever. MARTIN BENSON Even if it’s true, Barry, what could one bee do? BARRY I’m going to sting them where it really hurts. MARTIN BENSON In the face? BARRY No. MARTIN BENSON In the eye? That would really hurt. BARRY No. MARTIN BENSON Up the nose? That’s a killer. BARRY No. There’s only one place you can sting the humans. One place where it really matters. CUT TO: SEQ. 2300 - “HIVE AT 5 NEWS/BEE LARRY KING” "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 64. BARRY (CONT'D) INT. NEWS STUDIO - DAY DRAMATIC NEWS MUSIC plays as the opening news sequence rolls. We see the “Hive at Five” logo, followed by shots of past news events: A BEE freeway chase, a BEE BEARD protest rally, and a BEAR pawing at the hive as the BEES flee in panic. BOB BUMBLE (V.O.) Hive at Five, the hive’s only full hour action news source... SHOTS of NEWSCASTERS flash up on screen. BOB BUMBLE (V.O.) (CONT'D) With Bob Bumble at the anchor desk... BOB has a big shock of anchorman hair, gray temples and overly white teeth. BOB BUMBLE (V.O.) (CONT'D) ...weather with Storm Stinger, sports with Buzz Larvi, and Jeanette Chung. JEANETTE is an Asian bee. BOB BUMBLE (CONT'D) Good evening, I’m Bob Bumble. JEANETTE CHUNG And I’m Jeanette Chung. BOB BUMBLE Our top story, a tri-county bee, Barry Benson... INSERT: Barry’s graduation picture. BOB BUMBLE (CONT'D) ...is saying he intends to sue the human race for stealing our honey, packaging it, and profiting from it illegally. CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 65. INT. BEENN STUDIO - BEE LARRY KING LIVE BEE LARRY KING, wearing suspenders and glasses, is interviewing Barry. A LOWER-THIRD CHYRON reads: “Bee Larry King Live.” BEE LARRY KING Don’t forget, tomorrow night on Bee Larry King, we are going to have three former Queens all right here in our studio discussing their new book, “Classy Ladies,” out this week on Hexagon. (to Barry) Tonight, we’re talking to Barry Benson. Did you ever think, I’m just a kid from the hive, I can’t do this? BARRY Larry, bees have never been afraid to change the world. I mean, what about Bee-Columbus? Bee-Ghandi? Be-geesus? BEE LARRY KING Well, where I’m from you wouldn’t think of suing humans. We were thinking more like stick ball, candy stores. BARRY How old are you? BEE LARRY KING I want you to know that the entire bee community is supporting you in this case, which is certain to be the trial of the bee century. BARRY Thank you, Larry. You know, they have a Larry King in the human world, too. BEE LARRY KING It’s a common name. Next week on Bee Larry King... "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 66. BARRY No, I mean he looks like you. And he has a show with suspenders and different colored dots behind him. BEE LARRY KING Next week on Bee Larry King... BARRY Old guy glasses, and there’s quotes along the bottom from the guest you’re watching even though you just heard them... BEE LARRY KING Bear week next week! They’re scary, they’re hairy, and they’re here live. Bee Larry King EXITS. BARRY Always leans forward, pointy shoulders, squinty eyes... (lights go out) Very Jewish. CUT TO: SEQ. 2400 - “FLOWER SHOP” INT. VANESSA’S FLOWER SHOP - NIGHT Stacks of law books are piled up, legal forms, etc. Vanessa is talking with Ken in the other room. KEN Look, in tennis, you attack at the point of weakness. VANESSA But it was my grandmother, Ken. She’s 81. KEN Honey, her backhand’s a joke. I’m not going to take advantage of that? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 67. BARRY (O.C) Quiet please. Actual work going on here. KEN Is that that same bee? BARRY (O.C) Yes it is. VANESSA I’m helping him sue the human race. KEN What? Barry ENTERS. BARRY Oh, hello. KEN Hello Bee. Barry flies over to Vanessa. VANESSA This is Ken. BARRY Yeah, I remember you. Timberland, size 10 1/2, Vibram sole I believe. KEN Why does he talk again, Hun? VANESSA (to Ken, sensing the tension) Listen, you’d better go because we’re really busy working. KEN But it’s our yogurt night. VANESSA (pushing him out the door) Oh...bye bye. She CLOSES the door. KEN Why is yogurt night so difficult?! "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 68. Vanessa ENTERS the back room carrying coffee. VANESSA Oh you poor thing, you two have been at this for hours. BARRY Yes, and Adam here has been a huge help. ANGLE ON: A EMPTY CINNABON BOX with Adam asleep inside, covered in frosting. VANESSA How many sugars? BARRY Just one. I try not to use the competition. So, why are you helping me, anyway? VANESSA Bees have good qualities. BARRY (rowing on the sugar cube like a gondola) Si, Certo. VANESSA And it feels good to take my mind off the shop. I don’t know why, instead of flowers, people are giving balloon bouquets now. BARRY Yeah, those are great...if you’re 3. VANESSA And artificial flowers. BARRY (re: plastic flowers) Oh, they just get me psychotic! VANESSA Yeah, me too. BARRY The bent stingers, the pointless pollination. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 69. VANESSA Bees must hate those fake plastic things. BARRY There’s nothing worse than a daffodil that’s had work done. VANESSA (holding up the lawsuit documents) Well, maybe this can make up for it a little bit. CUT TO: EXT. VANESSA’S FLORIST SHOP They EXIT the store, and cross to the mailbox. VANESSA You know Barry, this lawsuit is a pretty big deal. BARRY I guess. VANESSA Are you sure that you want to go through with it? BARRY Am I sure? (kicking the envelope into the mailbox) When I’m done with the humans, they won’t be able to say, “Honey, I’m home,” without paying a royalty. CUT TO: SEQ. 2700 - “MEET MONTGOMERY” EXT. MANHATTAN COURTHOUSE - DAY P.O.V SHOT - A camera feed turns on, revealing a newsperson. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 70. PRESS PERSON #2 (talking to camera) Sarah, it’s an incredible scene here in downtown Manhattan where all eyes and ears of the world are anxiously waiting, because for the first time in history, we’re going to hear for ourselves if a honey bee can actually speak. ANGLE ON: Barry, Vanessa, and Adam getting out of the cab. The press spots Barry and Vanessa and pushes in. Adam sits on Vanessa’s shoulder. INT. COURTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS Barry, Vanessa, and Adam sit at the Plaintiff’s Table. VANESSA (turns to Barry) What have we gotten into here, Barry? BARRY I don’t know, but it’s pretty big, isn’t it? ADAM I can’t believe how many humans don’t have to be at work during the day. BARRY Hey, you think these billion dollar multinational food companies have good lawyers? CUT TO: EXT. COURTHOUSE STEPS - CONTINUOUS A BIG BLACK CAR pulls up. ANGLE ON: the grill filling the frame. We see the “L.T.M” monogram on the hood ornament. The defense lawyer, LAYTON T. MONTGOMERY comes out, squashing a bug on the pavement. CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 71. INT. COURTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS Barry SHUDDERS. VANESSA What’s the matter? BARRY I don’t know. I just got a chill. Montgomery ENTERS. He walks by Barry’s table shaking a honey packet. MONTGOMERY Well, if it isn’t the B-Team. (re: the honey packet) Any of you boys work on this? He CHUCKLES. The JUDGE ENTERS. SEQ. 3000 - “WITNESSES” BAILIFF All rise! The Honorable Judge Bumbleton presiding. JUDGE (shuffling papers) Alright...Case number 4475, Superior Court of New York. Barry Bee Benson vs. the honey industry, is now in session. Mr. Montgomery, you are representing the five major food companies, collectively. ANGLE ON: Montgomery’s BRIEFCASE. It has an embossed emblem of an EAGLE, holding a gavel in one talon and a briefcase in the other. MONTGOMERY A privilege. JUDGE Mr. Benson. Barry STANDS. JUDGE (CONT’D) You are representing all bees of the world? "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 72. Montgomery, the stenographer, and the jury lean in. CUT TO: EXT. COURTHOUSE - CONTINUOUS The spectators outside freeze. The helicopters angle forward to listen closely. CUT TO: INT. COURTHOUSE BARRY Bzzz bzzz bzzz...Ahh, I’m kidding, I’m kidding. Yes, your honor. We are ready to proceed. ANGLE ON: Courtroom hub-bub. JUDGE And Mr. Montgomery, your opening statement, please. Montgomery rises. MONTGOMERY (grumbles, clears his throat) Ladies and gentlemen of the jury. My grandmother was a simple woman. Born on a farm, she believed it was man's divine right to benefit from the bounty of nature God put before us. If we were to live in the topsy-turvy world Mr. Benson imagines, just think of what it would mean. Maybe I would have to negotiate with the silk worm for the elastic in my britches. Talking bee. How do we know this isn’t some sort of holographic motion picture capture Hollywood wizardry? They could be using laser beams, robotics, ventriloquism, cloning...for all we know he could be on steroids! Montgomery leers at Barry, who moves to the stand. "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 73. JUDGE Mr. Benson? Barry makes his opening statement. BARRY Ladies and Gentlemen of the jury, there’s no trickery here. I’m just an ordinary bee. And as a bee, honey’s pretty important to me. It’s important to all bees. We invented it, we make it, and we protect it with our lives. Unfortunately, there are some people in this room who think they can take whatever they want from us cause we’re the little guys. And what I’m hoping is that after this is all over, you’ll see how by taking our honey, you’re not only taking away everything we have, but everything we are. ANGLE ON: Vanessa smiling. ANGLE ON: The BEE GALLERY wiping tears away. CUT TO: INT. BENSON HOUSE Barry’s family is watching the case on TV. JANET BENSON Oh, I wish he would dress like that all the time. So nice... CUT TO: INT. COURTROOM - LATER JUDGE Call your first witness. CUT TO: "Bee Movie" - JS REVISIONS 8/13/07 74. INT. COURTHOUSE - LATER BARRY So, Mr. Klauss Vanderhayden of Honey Farms. Pretty big company you have there? MR. VANDERHAYDEN I suppose so. BARRY And I see you also own HoneyBurton, and Hon-Ron. MR. VANDERHAYDEN Yes. They provide beekeepers for our farms. BARRY Beekeeper. I find that to be a very disturbing term, I have to say. I don’t imagine you employ any bee free-ers, do you? MR. VANDERHAYDEN No. BARRY I’m sorry. I couldn’t hear you. MR. VANDERHAYDEN (louder) No. BARRY No. Because you don’t free bees. You keep bees. And not only that, it seems you thought a bear would be an app…

---
## [Scrivener07/CDDA-Community-Legacy-Play](https://github.com/Scrivener07/CDDA-Community-Legacy-Play)@[0a51d1e74f...](https://github.com/Scrivener07/CDDA-Community-Legacy-Play/commit/0a51d1e74fbca16c51f7a8f05c99b1f9c1d8afee)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 03:11:02 by Scrivener07

Winter, Day 2 [Rocwarg#2002]

I've regained my composure from the carnage. I just felt chills just looking at the bloodshed.
Maybe I can try to remedy it by finding some things to keep warm. Maybe Find a hot meal.
With all the stuff the merchants seemed to be holding onto and I didn't want to lose the few things keeping me secure, I decided to ask if there was anything else in the back room to watch out for.
Apparently, Burt was willing to give me more for my effort to volunteer, but apparently he couldn't even give out anything, not even anything from his shelves.
I took the gesture in stride and decided to look back into the back room.
Turns out we did miss something in the back, I could of sworn one of the beds just looked crustier. Until the form rose into a big, bloated, corrosive zombie...
I took my rifle and attempted to get a good shot at it before it attacked. Turns out it could lob its acid out like bullets as they began to melt into my body.
I ran out and it seemed everyone had the same idea to shoot at it, while I ended up being the bait as I reloaded my clip.
I didn't want to take any risks splattering more acid so I just butchered away at the downed mass, even if it ruined whatever was in it.
At this point, I couldn't be bothered to care. My ears were pounding and that stuff it kept shooting wasn't exactly something worth salvaging.
Maybe the full lighter might be pretty useful. Person must of got it just before they turned.
I told the merchant I "killed" it. doesn't matter because I don't want to waste my ammo on something like that unless I had to.
Since he was probably stingy, perhaps he'd pay me in some information. Apparently, he only had enough experience to tell me that things die if you hit them hard enough.
Guess I could live my life running errands, but it's not getting any colder.
I took to the streets, I swear I heard some noises out there, so I went towards a pathway away from the houses.
To my luck, there was a dairy farm. I wonder if there's still cows? To my luck, cows can also be undead...
They're also very curious about fires. The things kept pushing themselves into the fire. Guess that's one way to handle it.
Then my breath gave out, they gored me and the trauma came in blindinly fast. I took one last shot out of desperation and the fire finished them off.
Now I'm left with 3 cows out of a herd of who knows how many. There was more than enough feed for them to be happy with my presence, But I'm not resorting to eating uncooked grass.
I had to break my way into the house. It was a bit more cramped as expected, and there's some flour and a nice smartphone. As well as this sweet jean jacket that just screamed put me on.
I took the sheets from the window as cover, perhaps that and some clean water should stave off the cold somewhat.
I've yet to find some decent food, and something seems to be holding me back, like a longing of sorts.
I just hope some I won't have to deal with more dead cattle in the morning...

Co-Authored-By: Rocwarg <rocwarg@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [etardz/go-btfs](https://github.com/etardz/go-btfs)@[c3212d7bd0...](https://github.com/etardz/go-btfs/commit/c3212d7bd0a2ebf35b24d987a32bba3322ee62ee)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 03:32:22 by derek.loc

Update go.mod

still trying to figure it out slowly my bad just updating  things i think i am doing it right.... sorry if i fuck shit up

---
## [Khushisomani/codes](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes)@[3db88e92d8...](https://github.com/Khushisomani/codes/commit/3db88e92d89f508c23176f0643af6faa093c4519)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 05:15:17 by Khushisomani

Another Card Game Problem 

Chef is playing a card game with his friend Rick Sanchez. He recently won against Rick's grandson Morty; however, Rick is not as easy to beat. The rules of this game are as follows:

The power of a positive integer is the sum of digits of that integer. For example, the power of 13 is 1+3=4.
Chef and Rick receive randomly generated positive integers. For each player, let's call the integer he received final power.
The goal of each player is to generate a positive integer such that its power (defined above) is equal to his final power.
The player who generated the integer with fewer digits wins the game. If both have the same number of digits, then Rick cheats and wins the game.
You are given the final power of Chef PC and the final power of Rick PR. Assuming that both players play optimally, find the winner of the game and the number of digits of the integer he generates.

---
## [nss-day-cohort-43/hello-world-cucamelons](https://github.com/nss-day-cohort-43/hello-world-cucamelons)@[c98ec42050...](https://github.com/nss-day-cohort-43/hello-world-cucamelons/commit/c98ec42050bfdfd07125ddb42b1e510c0ac4fe78)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 05:50:18 by Zach Roark

holy shit it's 1am what happened?(books, books happened. I have a problem okay?) final commit, Terra check your index.html to make sure I didn't muck stuff up, I hit some buttons on it thinking i was on mine, tried to undo, but it's 1am, so ya never know what the night goblins are getting away with

---
## [pmatilai/rpm](https://github.com/pmatilai/rpm)@[8bba2cb1d6...](https://github.com/pmatilai/rpm/commit/8bba2cb1d635a510088e792be0768f4ef1670125)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 07:46:23 by Panu Matilainen

Remove support for redundant %_filter_GLIBC_PRIVATE mechanism

This was kinda ugly-but-necessary when added back in 2003 (commit
752cac72e220dcad4e6fce39508e714e59e3e0a1) but entirely redundant
since the "new" dependency generator in rpm >= 4.9.x with arbitrary
filtering support. The handful of packages using it can just as well
achieve the same (and more) without special hacks in rpm with:

	%global __requires_exclude GLIBC_PRIVATE
	%global __provides_exclude GLIBC_PRIVATE

---
## [TrojkaDevil/ZeroNet](https://github.com/TrojkaDevil/ZeroNet)@[29537d6cc5...](https://github.com/TrojkaDevil/ZeroNet/commit/29537d6cc5a44a8a1663fe54973e6aebdb06e93f)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 07:56:40 by TrojkaDevil

Update LICENSE

You are a piece of shit @imachug nobody voted for your shitty GLPv3! Those who voted they are not even surpassing the 13 votes! You don't pretend you given choice to people because that is bullshit! 

@HostFat asked: 

> Well, I'm ready I guess, what I need to do? :)
https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet/issues/2273#issuecomment-600106455 

@imachug replied: 
> Just post a comment "**GPLv3**" under this issue.
https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet/issues/2273#issuecomment-600107147

You and @shortcutme cheated (**illegally** manipulated) votes on a license change! Counted all "I don't care" as it is a vote for your preferred version of the license and when someone asked what to vote for you said again your preferred version and not that what is the most free or it is in the interest of the ZeroNet project! 

On the license change the all the "I don't care" votes MUST go to that which the community and not one person wanted the most! You can go to https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet/issues/2273 and count all the votes you will see clearly that everyone wanted **GLPv3+** (**GPLv3 or any later version**).

https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet/issues/2606#issuecomment-675306519
> It's true that I wanted to switch to a particular license

You are a piece of shit criminal just like Tamas Kocsis who included a backdoor in ZeroNet! When I come and demanded to remove the backdoor you accused me that I trying to add it! 

Link: https://github.com/HelloZeroNet/ZeroNet/issues/2606#issuecomment-675315211

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[59c6936653...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/59c6936653e6522031c01fc9bcce0b49b79bf2c8)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 10:28:18 by Marko Grdinić

"9:05am. I went to bed too late last night and I've been super groggy for the last 20m.

https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.05558
The Computational Limits of Deep Learning

> Deep learning's recent history has been one of achievement: from triumphing over humans in the game of Go to world-leading performance in image recognition, voice recognition, translation, and other tasks. But this progress has come with a voracious appetite for computing power. This article reports on the computational demands of Deep Learning applications in five prominent application areas and shows that progress in all five is strongly reliant on increases in computing power. Extrapolating forward this reliance reveals that progress along current lines is rapidly becoming economically, technically, and environmentally unsustainable. Thus, continued progress in these applications will require dramatically more computationally-efficient methods, which will either have to come from changes to deep learning or from moving to other machine learning methods.

I think I'll take a look at this.

9:10am. Yesterday I hit the milestone, so I am going to take it easy today for a bit.

9:40am. Let me slack more. That paper I linked to is too long winded and is just wasting my time.

9:45am. I've really gotten into Against The Gods yesterday, so let me have that. Then I'll start programming.

10:05am. The translation quality really feel of a cliff in today's session. Forget this shit.

Let me read that extra 20.5 Knight Run chapter and then I will start.

10:25am. That was fun. But let me finally start. I need to get into it for a while.

Spiral won't get done on its own. I need to be the one to push it.

10:30am. Focus me.

10:35am. I've indulged myself a good bit. Now it is time to get serious. I allowed myself to slacken the pressure, but now it is time to raise it again.

First of all, I've decided - I am going to leave out filling the AST until it is time to deal with the prepass. Forget about that thing until then.

10:40am. Ok, prototype instances are one thing. After I finish that, I'll tie it all up in the main typechecking function. That will allow me to start work on editor support immediatelly.

It will take some work to get to that point. That is what I should be my main mission. To turn my focus to that.

I still haven't even done the parsing for constraints. I'll leave that for later. Really, there is so much to do. It will take time to integrate it all and test it out.

Before I start work on instances, there is something that is bothering me.

```fs
    let generalize (forall_vars : Var list) (body : T) =
        let scope = !scope
        let generalized_metavars = ResizeArray()
        let rec replace_metavars x =
            let f = replace_metavars
            match x with
            | TyMetavar(_,{contents=Some x} & link) -> go x link f
            | TyMetavar(x, link) when scope = x.scope ->
                let x = {scope=x.scope; constraints=x.constraints; kind=kind_force x.kind; name=null}
                generalized_metavars.Add(x)
                TyVar x
```

I do not like this.

I think after all that metavars need to be linked to vars. Otherwise during validation and filling, I won't know what to replace them with. Also, the way this is done right now is not even correct.

10:50am.

```fs
    let generalize (forall_vars : Var list) (body : T) =
        let scope = !scope
        let h = System.Collections.Generic.HashSet()
        let generalized_metavars = ResizeArray()
        let rec replace_metavars x =
            let f = replace_metavars
            match x with
            | TyMetavar(_,{contents=Some x} & link) -> go x link f
            | TyMetavar(x, link) when scope = x.scope ->
                let v = TyVar {scope=x.scope; constraints=x.constraints; kind=kind_force x.kind; name=null}
                link := Some v
                replace_metavars v
            | TyVar v -> (if v.name = null && h.Add(v) then generalized_metavars.Add(v)); x
```

This should do well.

...Actually, this is hacky. Let me do it like...

```fs
    let generalize (forall_vars : Var list) (body : T) =
        let scope = !scope
        let h = System.Collections.Generic.HashSet()
        List.iter (h.Add >> ignore) forall_vars
        let generalized_metavars = ResizeArray()
        let rec replace_metavars x =
            let f = replace_metavars
            match x with
            | TyMetavar(_,{contents=Some x} & link) -> go x link f
            | TyMetavar(x, link) when scope = x.scope ->
                let v = TyVar {scope=x.scope; constraints=x.constraints; kind=kind_force x.kind; name=null}
                link := Some v
                replace_metavars v
            | TyVar v -> (if h.Add(v) then generalized_metavars.Add(v)); x
```

I do not want to make assumptions on ...

No, actually, let me just go with what I had. It is more efficient that way.

No need to get fancy.

At any rate, this will see me through.

Now the generalization should be correct.

Now, I think I should have a look at the nominal prototype instance. I'll leave the orphan checks for much later.

By the looks of things, it will be quite a while before I get to the prepass. There is just so much to do. But I need to take it in stride.

11:05am. Ok. The prototype instance is not the first thing I need to do. The first thing I need to do are top_inl and the recursive version of it.

I've somewhat ignored how I am going to deal with it. The easiest way to do it would be to just turn them into regular statements and pass that into the typechecker.

11:10am. If that is to work, one thing I would have to do is adjust the ranges when merging the blocks. No way around that.

11:30am. Had to take a short break. Let me just work on the non-recursive top level case. Forget other things.

11:50am.

```fs
let top_inl (r,name,expr,is_top_down) aux (top_env : Env) =
    if is_top_down then
        failwith ""
    else
        failwith ""
```

It is not coming to me. Also I've realized that in top level type definitions the ranges are incorrect as well.

12:05pm. Up to now, I've been so laser focused on finishing `infer` that I haven't spared much thought on how I am going to tie this all together.

And I went to sleep to damn late tonight so I feel very groggy even now.

12:20pm. I am thinking.

I know I said I would do the rest of the top level statements before moving on to editor support, but now that I am really focusing on the current step, I find that I do not really care about the top level statements. They aren't really the problem.

Now that the typechecker is in this advanced stage, instead what I have to do is start thinking about how to tie it up from the other end. There is nothing particularly challenging about the statements anymore.

Instead the real point of contention is that I've been loose about how exactly I am going to propagate information leading to the issues of dealing with ranges in mutually recursive statements and type definitions.

A certain idea has been coming to my mind. That would be to ignore the work that I've done thus far and instead when doing the first round of editor support, do a fake type on hover. Right now I do not dare run the typechecker because no doubt it has bugs in it.

But I can do a mock typechecker easily enough, just to enable editor support integration.

This will allow me to work through the editor support concerns without necessarily having to burden myself with the typechecker itself right off the bat.

If I have proper editor support when I start testing the real typechecker, debugging it will be a lot easier.

12:25pm. That is what I will do. I worked on the typechecker for a while, but now it is time to switch gears and go at it from the other end again.

Let me take a break here."

---
## [jackson15j/dot_emacs](https://github.com/jackson15j/dot_emacs)@[7e3d193c5a...](https://github.com/jackson15j/dot_emacs/commit/7e3d193c5a71f450621f5ad3560bae301ccb7a1a)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 11:05:47 by Craig Astill

Temporarily junking python config for `lsp-mode`.

Was getting annoyed with weird behaviour of my config the last year+, so
thought I'd try `lsp-mode` after hearing some curiosity from local friends.

Been a good month, so think it may be permanent. Need to sort out some tabbing
stuff, but nearly there.

---
## [Joshfairhead/devcamp7-leap](https://github.com/Joshfairhead/devcamp7-leap)@[283ad2158b...](https://github.com/Joshfairhead/devcamp7-leap/commit/283ad2158bf353d5020f45d9fe700d9dff6d1e6a)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 13:29:45 by Josh Fairhead

session4_data_models_p2

Wow I'm struggling with git lol, cant seem to pull the various branches with homework to local, just master... so making this PR is a total hack via github branch!

I've had the advantage of being able to see the answers this time round which made implementing the CRUDs easier... but I did not copy them directly! My strategy was to give it a go by directly copying the bits that were already implemented and changing the names (which is how I did it last time)... that turned out to be wrong when I checked it against the solution. What I found was that the pieces to feed into the function (are these methods?) was that the fields I needed were either in the module of entry/anchor or in the handlers... I'm not sure where I should be lifting the fields from to be honest or how they connect yet despite watching the videos a bunch of times... so behind on validation at this point...

---
## [LLJY/LaLumiereI](https://github.com/LLJY/LaLumiereI)@[59ee8b2dff...](https://github.com/LLJY/LaLumiereI/commit/59ee8b2dff792019d03a8b78e0000515899b3eef)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 15:37:11 by Lucas Lee Jing Yi

ionic is a fucking pile of garbage. Why the fuck does anyone use this fucking trash

1. webview is garbage for apps
2. it's slow
3. fuck your navcontroller let me use angular's router
5. fuck your pages, any imports from app-module i have to reimport
6. working with firebase is already a nightmare, working with ionic is worse.

---
## [polarity/bitwig-community-presets](https://github.com/polarity/bitwig-community-presets)@[2b2758a25c...](https://github.com/polarity/bitwig-community-presets/commit/2b2758a25cb074d5cd43c737c1a932facbc5c36f)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 17:01:30 by Chefkoch

Introducing RAND-O-TRON-3000, the next logical progression to my RHYTHMIQUE preset. 

Now you can take the effort out of picking which sample snippets you'd like to be on each step of your dope ass motherfucking drum beat.

1. Simply load a sample into it, hit the RANDOMISE button. 

2. Lock any of the steps you like with the corresponding LOCK button.

3. RANDOMISE again.

4. Lock any steps you like again...

And so forth...

P.s. You can also turn steps off in the same way as in RHYTHMIQUE

---
## [4dunsj71/SWD406](https://github.com/4dunsj71/SWD406)@[a8985e378a...](https://github.com/4dunsj71/SWD406/commit/a8985e378a2fe536c297f3204779fe981418bea6)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 17:24:47 by 4dunsj71

well this is fucked, how the hell do i check if a returned row is empty? SQLite3 in python sucks dick

---
## [microsoft/terminal](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal)@[5d082ffe67...](https://github.com/microsoft/terminal/commit/5d082ffe67c9714472dcc1548c6b5b7b60780d2c)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 18:23:29 by Michael Niksa

Helix Testing (#6992)

Use the Helix testing orchestration framework to run our Terminal LocalTests and Console Host UIA tests.

## References
#### Creates the following new issues:
- #7281 - re-enable local tests that were disabled to turn on Helix
- #7282 - re-enable UIA tests that were disabled to turn on Helix
- #7286 - investigate and implement appropriate compromise solution to how Skipped is handled by MUX Helix scripts

#### Consumes from:
- #7164 - The update to TAEF includes wttlog.dll. The WTT logs are what MUX's Helix scripts use to track the run state, convert to XUnit format, and notify both Helix and AzDO of what's going on.

#### Produces for:
- #671 - Making Terminal UIA tests is now possible
- #6963 - MUX's Helix scripts are already ready to capture PGO data on the Helix machines as certain tests run. Presuming we can author some reasonable scenarios, turning on the Helix environment gets us a good way toward automated PGO.

#### Related:
- #4490 - We lost the AzDO integration of our test data when I moved from the TAEF/VSTest adapter directly back to TE. Thanks to the WTTLog + Helix conversion scripts to XUnit + new upload phase, we have it back!

## PR Checklist
* [x] Closes #3838
* [x] I work here.
* [x] Literally adds tests.
* [ ] Should I update a testing doc in this repo?
* [x] Am core contributor. Hear me roar.
* [ ] Correct spell-checking the right way before merge.

## Detailed Description of the Pull Request / Additional comments
We have had two classes of tests that don't work in our usual build-machine testing environment:
1. Tests that require interactive UI automation or input injection (a.k.a. require a logged in user)
2. Tests that require the entire Windows Terminal to stand up (because our Xaml Islands dependency requires 1903 or later and the Windows Server instance for the build is based on 1809.)

The Helix testing environment solves both of these and is brought to us by our friends over in https://github.com/microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml.

This PR takes a large portion of scripts and pipeline configuration steps from the Microsoft-UI-XAML repository and adjusts them for Terminal needs.
You can see the source of most of the files in either https://github.com/microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/tree/master/build/Helix or https://github.com/microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml/tree/master/build/AzurePipelinesTemplates

Some of the modifications in the files include (but are not limited to) reasons like:
- Our test binaries are named differently than MUX's test binaries
- We don't need certain types of testing that MUX does.
- We use C++ and C# tests while MUX was using only C# tests (so the naming pattern and some of the parsing of those names is different e.g. :: separators in C++ and . separators in C#)
- Our pipeline phases work a bit differently than MUX and/or we need significantly fewer pieces to the testing matrix (like we don't test a wide variety of OS versions).

The build now runs in a few stages:
1. The usual build and run of unit tests/feature tests, packaging verification, and whatnot. This phase now also picks up and packs anything required for running tests in Helix into an artifact. (It also unifies the artifact name between the things Helix needs and the existing build outputs into the single `drop` artifact to make life a little easier.)
2. The Helix preparation build runs that picks up those artifacts, generates all the scripts required for Helix to understand the test modules/functions from our existing TAEF tests, packs it all up, and queues it on the Helix pool.
3. Helix generates a VM for our testing environment and runs all the TAEF tests that require it. The orchestrator at helix.dot.net watches over this and tracks the success/fail and progress of each module and function. The scripts from our MUX friends handle installing dependencies, making the system quiet for better reliability, detecting flaky tests and rerunning them, and coordinating all the log uploads (including for the subruns of tests that are re-run.)
4. A final build phase is run to look through the results with the Helix API and clean up the marking of tests that are flaky, link all the screenshots and console output logs into the AzDO tests panel, and other such niceities.

We are set to run Helix tests on the Feature test policy of only x64 for now. 

Additionally, because the set up of the Helix VMs takes so long, we are *NOT* running these in PR trigger right now as I believe we all very much value our 15ish minute PR turnaround (and the VM takes another 15 minutes to just get going for whatever reason.) For now, they will only run as a rolling build on master after PRs are merged. We should still know when there's an issue within about an hour of something merging and multiple PRs merging fast will be done on the rolling build as a batch run (not one per).

In addition to setting up the entire Helix testing pipeline for the tests that require it, I've preserved our classic way of running unit and feature tests (that don't require an elaborate environment) directly on the build machines. But with one bonus feature... They now use some of the scripts from MUX to transform their log data and report it to AzDO so it shows up beautifully in the build report. (We used to have this before I removed the MStest/VStest wrapper for performance reasons, but now we can have reporting AND performance!) See https://dev.azure.com/ms/terminal/_build/results?buildId=101654&view=ms.vss-test-web.build-test-results-tab for an example. 

I explored running all of the tests on Helix but.... the Helix setup time is long and the resources are more expensive. I felt it was better to preserve the "quick signal" by continuing to run these directly on the build machine (and skipping the more expensive/slow Helix setup if they fail.) It also works well with the split between PR builds not running Helix and the rolling build running Helix. PR builds will get a good chunk of tests for a quick turn around and the rolling build will finish the more thorough job a bit more slowly.

## Validation Steps Performed
- [x] Ran the updated pipelines with Pull Request configuration ensuring that Helix tests don't run in the usual CI
- [x] Ran with simulation of the rolling build to ensure that the tests now running in Helix will pass. All failures marked for follow on in reference issues.

---
## [libretro/bsnes-libretro](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro)@[70429285ba...](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro/commit/70429285baa4cb8e4f106f6c48c9212faf2df792)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 18:43:12 by Tim Allen

Updated to v067r23 release.

byuu says:

Added missing $4200 IRQ lock, which fixes Chou Aniki on the fast CPU
core, so slower PCs can get their brotherly love on.
Added range-based controller IOBit latching to the fast CPU core, which
enables Super Scope and Justifier support. Uses the priority queue as
well, so there is zero speed-hit. Given the way range-testing works, the
trigger point may vary by 1-2 pixels when firing at the same spot. Not
really a big deal when it avoids a massive speed penalty.
Fixed PAL and interlace-mode HVIRQs at V=0,H<2 on the fast CPU core.
Added the dot-renderer's sprite list update-on-OAM-write functionality
to the scanline-based PPU renderer. Unfortunately it looks like all the
speed gain was already taken from the global dirty flag I was using
before, but this certainly won't hurt speed any, so whatever.
Added #ifdef to stop CoInitialize(0) on non-Windows ports.
Added #ifdefs to stop gradient fade on Windows port. Not going to fuck
over the Linux port aesthetic because of Qt bug #47,326,927. If there's
a way to tell what Qt theme is being used, I can leave it enabled for
XP/Vista themes.
Moved HDMA trigger from 1104 to 1112, and reduced channel overhead from
24 to 16, to better simulate one-cycle DMA->CPU sync.

Code clarity: I've re-added my varint.hpp classes, and am actively using
them in the accuracy cores. So far, I haven't done anything that would
detriment speed, but it is certainly cool. The APU ports exposed by the
CPU and SMP now take uint2 address arguments, the CPU WRAM address
register is a uint17, and the IRQ H/VTIME values are uint10. This
basically allows the source to clearly convey the data sizes, and
eliminates the need to manually mask values when writing to registers or
reading from memory. I'm going to be doing this everywhere, and it will
have a speed impact eventually, because the automation means we can't
skip masks when we know the data is already masked off.

Source: archive contains the launcher code, so that I can look into why
it's crashing on XP tomorrow.

It doesn't look like Circuit USA's flags are going to work too well with
this new CPU core. Still not sure what the hell Robocop vs The
Terminator is doing, I'll read through the mega SNES thread for clues
tomorrow. Speedy Gonzales is definitely broken, as modifying the MDR was
breaking things with my current core. Probably because the new CPU core
doesn't wait for a cycle edge to trigger.

I was thinking that perhaps we could keep some form of cheat codes list
to work as game-specific hacks for the performance core. Keeps the hacks
out of the emulator, but could allow the remaining bugs to be worked
around for people who have no choice but to use the performance core.

---
## [libretro/bsnes-libretro](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro)@[cda10094da...](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro/commit/cda10094dab0202418aa2f5b050c0d60473a53d0)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 18:43:12 by Tim Allen

Updated to v067r22 release.

byuu says:

Added OV2's XAudio2 driver (it's better and faster than the DirectSound
one)
Fixed DirectInput keypad number codes
Added launcher to make the profiles work
Profiles now called: Accuracy, Compatibility, Performance (not debating
names anymore)

The launcher isn't going to work on OS X because of the .app folder
bullshit (yes, yes, .sfc folders.)
It also crashes on Windows XP for god only knows what reason. Works fine
on Windows 7 and Linux. So XP users, rename the .dll files to .exe to
test this release. I'll fix it on Monday.
The color highlighting fucks up the radio boxes on the Windows classic
theme, because Nokia can't afford a god damn QA team.
Lastly, I forgot to add launcher to the make archive-all command, so the
source for it will be in the next WIP.

---
## [libretro/bsnes-libretro](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro)@[3c2ca5a383...](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro/commit/3c2ca5a383df3456b7c49ed5349c4e42db0a2779)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 18:43:12 by Tim Allen

Updated to v067r25 release.

byuu says:

Removed snes_spc, and the fast/smp + fast/dsp wrappers around it.
Cloned dsp to fast/dsp, and re-added the state machine, affects
Compatibility and Performance cores.
Added debugger support to fast/cpu, with full properties list and Qt
debugger functionality.
Rewrote all debugger property functions to return data directly:
- this avoids some annoying conflicts where ChipDebugger::foo()
  overshadows Chip::foo()
- this removes the need for an extra 20-200 functions per debugger
  core
- this makes the overall code size a good bit smaller
- this currently makes PPU::oam_basesize() inaccessible, so the OAM
  viewer will show wrong sprite sizes
Used an evil trick to simplify MMIO read/write address decoding:
- MMIO *mmio[0x8000], where only 0x2000-5fff are used, allows direct
  indexing without -0x2000 adjust

So end result: both save states and debugger support work on all three
cores now. Dual Orb II sound is fixed. The speed hit was worse than
I thought, -7% for compatibility, and -10% for performance. At this
point, the compatibility core is the exact same code and speed as v067
official, and the performance core is now only ~36-40% faster than the
compatibility core. Sigh, so much for my dream of using this on my
netbook. At 53fps average now, compared to 39fps before.  Profiling will
only get that to ~58fps, and that's way too low for the more intensive
scenes (Zelda 3 rain, CT black omen, etc.)

It would probably be a good idea to find out why my DSP is so much
slower than blargg's, given that it's based upon the same code. The
simple ring buffer stuff can't possibly slow things down that much.

More precisely, it would probably be best to leave blargg's DSP in the
performance core since it's a pretty minor issue, but then I'd have to
have three DSPs: accuracy=threaded, compatibility=state-machine,
performance=blargg. Too much hassle.

Only code in the core emulator now that wasn't at the very least
rewritten for bsnes would be the DSP-3 and DSP-4 modules, which are
really, really lazily done #define hacks around the original C code.

---
## [libretro/bsnes-libretro](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro)@[973ef89d4a...](https://github.com/libretro/bsnes-libretro/commit/973ef89d4abf50f7f8bb539a7c5b2f46f9ee1d0f)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 18:43:12 by Tim Allen

Update to 20100809 release.

byuu says:

This adds some sync.sh improvements to make it handle errors more
gracefully.
It also updates asnes a good bit. All of the four base processors now
have all publicly accessible functions right at the top of the main
headers, and everything else is private. This is to allow these headers
to essentially take the place of the previous base classes in the old
bsnes-merged format. So if there's something public there, you need to
implement that exact function to make your own module.
I removed the frame counter from the PPU, as it has nothing to do with
emulation. That now resides inside the Qt -> SNES interface code. Quite
amazing, I was actually saving the frame counter into the save state
files before, yuck.
Removed some baggage in the System class: it was friending a bunch of
long-dead functions and classes.
Forgot to re-add the CHEAT_SYSTEM define to info.hpp, so that's been put
back.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[4e323daf7e...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/4e323daf7e7bfc8741bdf0acf4c283085170437a)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 19:57:46 by Marko Grdinić

"9:30pm. Whops. I just realized I made a serious mistake when inferring union patterns.

```fs
                | ValueNone ->
                    match Map.tryFind name aux.union_cases with
                    | Some i -> assume i
                    | None -> errors.Add(r,CasePatternNotFound name); f (fresh_var()) a
```

```fs
type AuxEnv = {
    hoc : Map<int,HigherOrderCases>
    union_cases : Map<string,int>
    }
```

Ah, crap. Those `union_cases` are a huge mistake. It is because they do not obey opens.

Instead of doing this, I should be looking into the current (or maybe just the top level) environment and then ripping the type straight from the higher order dictionary.

```fs
match Map.tryFind name top_env.ty with
```

Yeah, for both of these, I should be looking into the current environment. I had not been thinking opens at all when doing this part. It won't be too hard to fix, but I am too tired to do it right now. I'll get back to this when I am done with the editor support stuff.

9:40pm. It is really easy to miss obvious stuff like this when you are overwhelmed. This kind of mistake is due to my inexperience. This is my first time implementing a top down type system using unification, that much is obvious.

9:45pm. I would not dare to run the typechecker directly right now even if I could. I need to get the scaffolding up first. Then I'll go through all the cases one by one once again and fill out the missing pieces, testing everytihng as I go along. Right now I think the typechecker is 80-90% complete which is very good. All the essentials are there. The completed form is in sight. All I have to do is put in another 3 weeks of effort into getting it all to work.

Then comes the prepass. And the partial evaluator. And after that I will just plug in the code gen from the prototype and at that point I will be able to program for real in v0.2.

Damn it, this is just 2017 all over again, except this time I am making Spiral to overcome issues caused by my previous design. It was too much to expect at that time to be done with making languages. Even if it wasn't for a the top down type system, v0.09 had too many scalability issues. This time I will get it all done properly.

I really hope that in 2021, I will put language work behind me and will be able to do what I really want which is ML.

If something does not work at first, try it again with 1,000x more power."

---
## [goonstation/goonstation](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation)@[14efcf2ec9...](https://github.com/goonstation/goonstation/commit/14efcf2ec9ccbed7bc81db229356dbb0216f79e0)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 21:48:58 by Geneva Breaker

fuck you i deleted the file why are you still include you pissbrain

---
## [NateEag/.emacs.d](https://github.com/NateEag/.emacs.d)@[6365d712ff...](https://github.com/NateEag/.emacs.d/commit/6365d712ff971bc5d8553ffc2e0d4f23a44a498a)
#### Tuesday 2020-08-18 22:00:11 by Nate Eagleson

Use LSP in yaml-mode if yaml-language-server is available

Effectively, this makes life suck a lot less when you're using Ansible,
because yaml-language-server automatically applies the appropriate YAML
/ JSON schemas, so you get some useful auto-help, auto-completion, and
syntax checking.

Kinda wish I'd looked more carefully for this six months ago. :P

---

# [<](2020-08-17.md) 2020-08-18 [>](2020-08-19.md)

