# [<](2020-04-26.md) 2020-04-27 [>](2020-04-28.md)

2,738,569 events, 1,382,001 push events, 2,199,187 commit messages, 156,010,709 characters


## [TaeKimJR/todo-list](https://github.com/TaeKimJR/todo-list)@[de0b110dc0...](https://github.com/TaeKimJR/todo-list/commit/de0b110dc0de8bc2636e3560694712049585b5d0)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 00:00:41 by Tae Kim

Enable Prettier w/ ESLint and add setup in README

Prettier is my love. The one that you never knew you needed till you lose it. I can’t code without it! When you `cmd + s` to save… and magic… so nice.

In the future, for those users in other editors we can add in a commit hook to auto-format. These can get annoying at times though. Might be worth experimenting with the team.

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[9790bfde48...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/9790bfde48416f0626a124114e045f55db55cfd5)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 01:13:59 by bad@names

removed helmet pop from DS zombie shield

fuck you nelson!! you are TROLL

---
## [CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night)@[34598f4e65...](https://github.com/CalaMariGold/Rebirth-Of-The-Night/commit/34598f4e651ec907b5607fc0d8cb65120099cf5a)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 01:56:17 by SandwichHorror

Beneath Makeover Complete & Mob Updates

- Added new InControl spawns for vanilla mobs: fixes problem of caves being extremely barren early game, and Endermen not appearingever
- Reduced spawn rate of Elder Ghasts
- Reduced spawn rate of Corrupted Endermen
- Increased spawn rate of Withering Spines
- Finalized(?) Beneath worldgen with Yung's Caves
- Added some new friends for the Beneath
- Replaced wonky Beneath darkness damage system with Better with Mods Gloom system - NOW COMPATIBLE WITH DYNAMIC LIGHTING! Hold a strong source of light in hand or offhand to ward off the shadows
- Updated Better Caves & Epic Siege mod - ZOMBIE DAMAGE BUG FINALLY FIXED, you can actually get your ass kicked by a zombie again
- Twilight Lich's zombies now have the expected zombie abilities & digging capacity
- Pale Spiders are... no longer spiders, exactly. Renamed to Pale Lurkers, have new appearance. Rarer, don't appear above Y-level 80, but have greatly increased knockback resistance.

---
## [Sony-MSM8994-Dev/android_kernel_sony_msm8994](https://github.com/Sony-MSM8994-Dev/android_kernel_sony_msm8994)@[dc5e43e96c...](https://github.com/Sony-MSM8994-Dev/android_kernel_sony_msm8994/commit/dc5e43e96c2e8e747220751569f010cb80ea897a)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 02:02:40 by Cruz Julian Bishop

staging/android: Initial partial kernel-doc for ashmem.c

I am beginning to understand the core concepts at play here.

I am nowhere near finished with this class - However, it is better if
I commit what I have documented so far tonight - That way, if I mess
up tomorrow morning, I can just roll back to here.

Sorry if this clutters things up. In the end, once *everything* is
documented, it will make understanding the Android staging driver
easier to understand as a programmer - Hopefully for both new developers
and current ones.

Change-Id: I437844f48069461ab3482e2c33106da99298c55b
Signed-off-by: Cruz Julian Bishop <cruzjbishop@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

---
## [jonmervine/MudaeDisableList](https://github.com/jonmervine/MudaeDisableList)@[ed66862ed1...](https://github.com/jonmervine/MudaeDisableList/commit/ed66862ed1761c39858d036044f32cd7964e9f79)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 04:57:35 by Mervine, Jonathan

I don't know man I like did some shit.

The lazy loading was causing me absolute fits so I just made htem all Eager cause like this ain't a production system man, i don't give a shit and I spent way too much god damn time trying to get everything to work with Lazy Loading.

Also fixed an encoding issue.

BUT running in it's current state will actually import all the characters correctly, the series, the bundles, and the Join Table.

So at the very least it's one big milestone down. Theres a lot of clean up and improvement that can be done though. This looks like absolute dog shit.

The next big steps are going to be the algorithm for processing and creating the disable list. Also I need to eventually get rid of all the bloat from my first attempt back last year.

---
## [sxlijin/.dotfiles](https://github.com/sxlijin/.dotfiles)@[24707de8b6...](https://github.com/sxlijin/.dotfiles/commit/24707de8b6f2f56e7a4391a06cb0c059c9347d3f)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 05:00:21 by Samuel Lijin

Trace and timestamp all user-entered commands

In addition to just running `set -x` as the last command in bashrc,
there's also some funny stuff going on with `set +x` invocations in PS1.
We do this to prevent command tracing from becoming a firehose of noise.

With *just* `set -x` in an interactive non-login shell, sub-shells
spawned while expanding PS1 will also be traced, resulting in PS1
effectively becoming the following:

```
++ date --iso-8601=seconds
++ :
++ __git_ps1
++ local exit=0
++ local pcmode=no
++ local detached=no
++ local 'ps1pc_start=\u@\h:\w '
++ local 'ps1pc_end=\$ '
++ local 'printf_format= (%s)'
++ case "$#" in
++ printf_format=' (%s)'
++ local ps1_expanded=yes
++ '[' -z '' ']'
++ '[' -z '5.0.16(1)-release' ']'
++ shopt -q promptvars
++ local repo_info rev_parse_exit_code
+++ git rev-parse --git-dir --is-inside-git-dir --is-bare-repository --is-inside-work-tree --short HEAD
++ repo_info=
++ rev_parse_exit_code=128
++ '[' -z '' ']'
++ return 0
++ exit_code=0
+++ '[' 0 == 0 ']'
+++ echo 33m
++ color_code='01;33m'
++ echo '[0]'
sxlijin@sxlijin-debian:2020-04-26T21:00:26-07:00:~ [0]
```

This effectively renders the shell unusable. Unfortunately, it doesn't
seem like there's any way to suppress tracing during PS1 expansion
itself (at least, not if we intend for this to work on any bash), so
instead, we simply disable tracing in every instance of command
substitution in PS1, which improves things substantially:

```
++ set +x
++ set +x
++ set +x
sxlijin@sxlijin-debian:2020-04-26T21:12:51-07:00:~ [0]
```

But those last few `set +x` traces are still annoying, but since we
still need to run them, we black-hole their output using a command group
(note that we use {} for the command group because we need the `set +x`
to execute in the top-level shell context of the command substitution,
not a subshell like () would do).

Lastly, we also modify PS4 to dump the timestamp of command execution.

----

The inspiration for this comes from @countrmeasure, via this [blog
post](https://redandblack.io/blog/2020/bash-prompt-with-updating-time/).
Prior to that I didn't even know there were other PS* parameters. I
really like the idea of recording when a command is actually executed;
it's the reason I have a `$(date)` in my PS1, except unfortunately as
that blog post notes, this means that the timestamp is recorded when the
prompt is written, aka when the previous command completes.

I didn't like the approach of cursor-fiddling though, so I dug a little
deeper, and started with the documentation for PS* (a.k.a. `man bash` -
incidentally, also the first time I've ever looked at that man page).
I started by fooling around a bit with PS0 (I originally was thinking that
since PS1 gives me timing information about command *completion*, I just
need to add timing information about command *start*, which is exactly
what PS0 provides a hook for):

```
sxlijin@sxlijin-debian:2020-04-26T21:42:08-07:00:~ [0]
$ PS0='$(date --iso-8601=seconds)\n'
sxlijin@sxlijin-debian:2020-04-26T21:42:13-07:00:~ [0]
$ echo thing-to-be-echoed
2020-04-26T21:42:14-07:00
thing-to-be-echoed
sxlijin@sxlijin-debian:2020-04-26T21:42:14-07:00:~ [0]
$ PS0="$PS1"
2020-04-26T21:42:24-07:00
sxlijin@sxlijin-debian:2020-04-26T21:42:24-07:00:~ [0]
$ echo thing-to-be-echoed
sxlijin@sxlijin-debian:2020-04-26T21:42:26-07:00:~ [0]
$ thing-to-be-echoed
```

Obviously, both PS0 options are pretty misleading: the first suggests
that a command is doing something it isn't and the second suggests that
the command does nothing and that its output is actually the next
command. At this point I realized that to dump a timestmap right before
the command executes, you not only need to dump the timestamp, but you
also need to dump the command again, and hey, that sounds *remarkably*
like command tracing, and it so happens that I just learned that PS4
controls the command tracing output prefix... and this commit is the
rest of the story.

Incidentally, I've actually fooled around with the idea of `set -x`ing
my prompt before, but ran into the noisy PS1 tracing and quickly gave
up. Probably didn't want to bother with any more yakshaving at that
point... :)

---
## [TacticalBFG/luau-brainfuck](https://github.com/TacticalBFG/luau-brainfuck)@[d6aeafafa9...](https://github.com/TacticalBFG/luau-brainfuck/commit/d6aeafafa92f784f4863733008cb64f10a8a915e)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 05:01:26 by Marco

Create serializer.cpp

Great Dane's cheekbones,
Teenage hormones,
Young complexion,
Non-physical affection.
You're a god send;
Do you want a boyfriend?
Crazy crazy, easy tiger!
Her mind's made up, she don't wanna go steady,
She's only seventeen so she's probably not ready.
A-M-A-N-D-A Norgaard,
I saw you on a cover on Cross Bay Boulevard.
Smaller tits
And skinny framework,
Tall, sharp hips
And you're all in the same work.
Giving me the sweet talk,
Walking down the catwalk.
I want a mannequin!
But she won't let me in
Her mind's made up, she don't wanna go steady,
She's only seventeen so she's probably not ready.
A-M-A-N-D-A Norgaard,
I saw you on a cover on Cross Bay Boulevard.
Her mind's made up, she don't wanna go steady,
She's only seventeen so she's probably not ready.
A-M-A-N-D-A Norgaard,
I saw you on a cover on Cross Bay Boulevard.
Her mind's made up, she don't wanna go steady,
She's only seventeen so she's probably not ready.
A-M-A-N-D-A Norgaard,
I saw you on a cover on Cross Bay Boulevard.

---
## [TERADA-DANTE/VenusBE](https://github.com/TERADA-DANTE/VenusBE)@[ac29f1b02f...](https://github.com/TERADA-DANTE/VenusBE/commit/ac29f1b02f4957baa2f356e78a1cbf88beaaf2a2)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 05:22:27 by Terada

🔥 I hate the fucking fs

fs.wirteFile causes fucking ridiculous error

---
## [joecrase/467_bank_fe](https://github.com/joecrase/467_bank_fe)@[9702561fbc...](https://github.com/joecrase/467_bank_fe/commit/9702561fbc30f0c914c0511eeb0c3f43d1481a09)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 07:21:46 by joecrase

Nevermind, black is fucking annoying as hell to work with

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[9edab1b2c5...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/9edab1b2c55206598f83aeff7adb4598ae4e5b38)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 07:44:43 by Saqib Ali

Junior Data Analyst - Larnaca, Cyprus - HR INNOVATE. Job Application for Data Analyst at Modern Health. Tracking R of COVID-19 &amp; assessing public interventions; also some general thoughts on science «  Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science. Life Science Data Analyst - Latitude, Inc. - Career Page. Arc Aspicio Careers - Junior Data Analyst (Interim Clearance Required). Data Analyst Recruitment at Palladium Group - NewBalancejobs. English Language Researcher / Data Analyst - TransPerfect Translations Inc.. English Language Researcher / Data Analyst - TransPerfect Translations Inc.. Senior Data Analyst #0273 job at Vida in San Francisco, CA, powered by JobScore. Business Data Analyst Job at VISITING NURSE SERVICE OF NEW YORK.

---
## [nathanchance/WSL2-Linux-Kernel](https://github.com/nathanchance/WSL2-Linux-Kernel)@[f042dadcb0...](https://github.com/nathanchance/WSL2-Linux-Kernel/commit/f042dadcb06d45e9001c0f416bd471385cbd485d)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 08:30:39 by Nathan Chancellor

kernel/sys.c: Hijack 'uname -r' to show official WSL version

Some users reported to me that VS Code's Remote WSL plugin does not work
on my kernel. As it turns out, removing '-microsoft-standard' from the
version string breaks that extension, presumably because there is some
parsing of the version string under the hood (it does not appear the
source of that extension is public?)

One solution that I had was to just restore '-microsoft-standard' in the
version string. However, that will not restore the Remote WSL plugin to
its former glory. When lauching a file via 'code <file>', 'uname -r' is
parse with a specific regex that will not match this kernel's and
WSL_BUILD will not be set so we do not get some of the cool stuff like
git information.

As a result, this hack... it is so horrible but I cannot really think of
a better solution.

Link: https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/blob/763748e43cfa243d6e003a0f5fbfa1fcf6edec8c/resources/win32/bin/code.sh#L14
Signed-off-by: Nathan Chancellor <natechancellor@gmail.com>

---
## [CaladenTemmo/choose_your_own_adventure_game](https://github.com/CaladenTemmo/choose_your_own_adventure_game)@[97937401d6...](https://github.com/CaladenTemmo/choose_your_own_adventure_game/commit/97937401d6c3afdb62ea5cac95dd1c5bf9e8b8a0)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 10:33:46 by Caladen

README.md

# choose_your_own_adventure_game
Saving Princess Emily

Introduction
'Saving Princess Emily' (SPE) has been designed as a choose your own adventure game with a medieval theme, where players are able to select the direction they want the story to go in with a personalised character name. Throughout the game, players select their character, directions, decisions and attacking strategies as they encounter scenarios with royalty, creatures and crossroads. 

Purpose:
The game was developed as part of an introduction to programming course the developer undertook in 2020, to demonstrate technical sophistication and an understanding of terminal processes.

Language:
Ruby

How to run the project:
This program does not require installation.

Target audience:
SPE was designed for teenagers and children (10 - 18 years old), although all ages are encouraged if they wish to delve into the medieval world and explore their imagination. The target audience was selected as the story line is child-friendly, contains age appropriate vocabulary and is thought that it would be enjoyed the most by this group.

Github:
https://github.com/CaladenTemmo/choose_your_own_adventure_game

Features 

The pathway system: which will allow players to choose between different encounters.
Personalised characters: that enables players to decide between 2 different characters and give them a name.
Health and damage system: provides an objective for the players to finish the game and avoid losing (death).
The user will find out how to use each feature when the game explains and tells the player what to press or do for each feature.
The player will interact with each feature by entering the player's name or choosing a path and even features such as health and damage.


Status Updates

I changed the health system from its own method and added it into the monstera method either sea monster or trolls method.
I had an issue with the damage system adding up properly instead of saying the amount of damage you would do would just keep adding up the amount of damage you do.
I had an issue with the pathway system; it wouldn't go from one file to the next.
I've just started on the character choice but am having a problem with the characters
I'm halfway through adding the damage system but it's not adding up correctly.
I've just tested my character selection as well as a pathway to choose and both are working.
I've just tested my health and damage system and both are working with no errors.






Help file
To install go to github (https://github.com/CaladenTemmo/choose_your_own_adventure_game) then press the green button that says clone or download
You will need tty-prompy and artii gems
There are features such as choosing your character and naming your character, choosing a pathway to decide which battle you will go into and a health and damage fighting system.




Gems 

require "tty-prompt"
require "artii"
require "colorize"



Implementation
Trello:
https://trello.com/b/RPU7rAxC/terminal-app




Day 1

I start writing up a story for my choose your own adventure game 
I start working on basic code for the start of the game and developing the start of the game
Looking into any gems i might need

Day 2

I finish working on the intro to the game as well as starting the code for being able to choose different characters
I add in options for you to choose to accept or deny the king in the game
Coding in the knights story along with very early start to the story for the wizard

Day 3

I finish up the code for the knight and the basic story for the wizard which is still in its early days
Now i add a location in the docks and the bridge

Day 4

I add in the sea monster and start on some code for it as well as the troll
I add a health and damage system
I add a basic fighting system to the game where you can kill the sea monster or die

Day 5

I add you being able to save the princess if you defeat the sea monster
I better my fighting system so now you are able to have multiple attacks that do different amount of damage
I add in a random system to determine how much damage you do deciding between number e.g. 15 to 25 damage

Day 6

I add the ability to name you character
And I add the wizard and trolls to the game

Day 7

I clean up all the text
I run through the game to see if there are anymore errors
And check for any problems

---
## [brauner/linux](https://github.com/brauner/linux)@[a72f021ec9...](https://github.com/brauner/linux/commit/a72f021ec9147eeb7b428497b11dc58d60885cbd)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 10:35:32 by Christian Brauner

nsproxy: attach to namespaces via pidfds

For quite a while we have been thinking about using pidfds to attach to
namespaces. This patchset has existed for about a year already but we've
wanted to wait to see how the general api would be received and adopted.
Now that more and more programs in userspace have started using pidfds
for process management it's time to send this one out.

This patch makes it possible to use pidfds to attach to the namespaces
of another process, i.e. they can be passed as the first argument to the
setns() syscall. When only a single namespace type is specified the
semantics are equivalent to passing an nsfd. That means
setns(nsfd, CLONE_NEWNET) equals setns(pidfd, CLONE_NEWNET). However,
when a pidfd is passed, multiple namespace flags can be specified in the
second setns() argument and setns() will attach the caller to all the
specified namespaces all at once or to none of them. If 0 is specified
together with a pidfd then setns() will interpret it the same way 0 is
interpreted together with a nsfd argument, i.e. attach to any/all
namespaces.

The obvious example where this is useful is a standard container
manager interacting with a running container: pushing and pulling files
or directories, injecting mounts, attaching/execing any kind of process,
managing network devices all these operations require attaching to all
or at least multiple namespaces at the same time. Given that nowadays
most containers are spawned with all namespaces enabled we're currently
looking at at least 14 syscalls, 7 to open the /proc/<pid>/ns/<ns>
nsfds, another 7 to actually perform the namespace switch. With time
namespaces we're looking at about 16 syscalls.
(We could amortize the first 7 or 8 syscalls for opening the nsfds by
 stashing them in each container's monitor process but that would mean
 we need to send around those file descriptors through unix sockets
 everytime we want to interact with the container or keep on-disk
 state.)
With pidfds this becomes a single syscall no matter how many namespaces
are supposed to be attached to.
A decently designed, large-scale container manager usually isn't the
parent of any of the containers it spawns so the containers don't die
when it crashes or needs to update or reinitialize. This means that
for the manger to interact with containers through pids is inherently
racy especially on systems where the maximum pid number is not
signficianly bumped. This is even more problematic since we often spawn
and manage thousands or ten-thousands of containers. Interacting with a
container through a pid thus can become risky quite quickly. Especially
since we allow for an administrator to enable advanced features such as
syscall interception where we're performing syscalls in lieu of the
container. In all of those cases we use pidfds if they are availabe and
we pass them around as stable references. Using them to setns() to the
target process namespaces is as reliable as using nsfds. Either the
target process is already dead and we get ESRCH or we manage to attach
to its namespaces but we can't accidently attach to another process'
namespaces. So pidfds lend themselves to be used with this api.

Apart from significiantly reducing the number of syscalls from double
digit to single digit which is a decent reason post-spectre/meltdown
this also allows to switch to a set of namespaces atomically, i.e.
either attaching to all the specified namespaces succeeds or we fail. If
we fail we haven't changed a single namespace. There are currently three
namespaces that can fail (other than for ENOMEM which really is not
very interesting since we then have other problems anyway) for
non-trivial reasons, user, mount, and pid namespaces. We can fail to
attach to a pid namespace if it is not our current active pid namespace
or a descendant of it. We can fail to attach to a user namespace because
we are multi-threaded, because our current mount namespace shares
filesystem state with other tasks, or because we're trying to setns()
to the same user namespace, i.e. the target task has the same user
namespace as we do. We can fail to attach to a mount namespace because
it shares filesystem state with other tasks or because we fail to lookup
the new root for the new mount namespace. In most non-pathological
scenarios these issues can be somewhat mitigated. But there's e.g.
still an inherent race between trying to setns() to the mount namespace
of a task and that task spawning a child with CLONE_FS. If that process
runs in a new user namespace we must have already setns()ed into the new
user namespace otherwise we fail to attach to the mount namespace. There
are other cases similar to that and we've had issues where we're
half-attached to some namespace and failing in the middle. I've talked
about some of these problem during the hallway track (something only the
pre-COVID-19 generation will remember) of Plumber in Los Angeles in
2018(?). Even if all these issues could be avoided with super careful
userspace coding it would be nicer to have this done in-kernel. There's
not a lot of cost associated with this extension for the kernel and
pidfds seem to lend themselves nicely for this.

Cc: Eric W. Biederman <ebiederm@xmission.com>
Cc: Serge Hallyn <serge@hallyn.com>
Cc: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>

---
## [csmart/ansible-role-virt-infra](https://github.com/csmart/ansible-role-virt-infra)@[5f69de8054...](https://github.com/csmart/ansible-role-virt-infra/commit/5f69de8054a146cd4dee04ec44ac8469ffdc955f)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 12:02:48 by Chris Smart

add support for libvirt OVS networks

Thanks to my friend Nick Satsia (nsatsia) for his help with this!

This add support for creating OVS networks in libvirt and attaching VMs
to them. Note that the OVS bridge needs to already exist on the kvmhost
(see below).

This configuration is flexible, so how you configure it is up to you.
However, you might like to have one libvirt OVS bridge with multiple
portgroups (which are what guests connect to).

One portgroup could be a trunk where you include all if your VLANs,
perhaps with a native. This way you can create tagged interfaces in
Linux.

Then you can also create other portgroups which are specific to VLANs
and networks. This way you can attach the VM to multiple separate
networks directly without needing tagged interfaces in Linux.

If you don't use VLANs you can leave them off altogether and just use it
as a bridge to your native network.

Define the libvirt OVS bridge to create in the kvmhost YAML inventory
file. The bridge_dev is important, this is the ovs bridge to connect to.
As above, here's an example with a trunk and tagged networks.

  virt_infra_host_networks:
    present:
     - name: ovs-bridge
       type: ovs
       bridge_dev: ovs-bridge
       portgroup:
         - name: ovs-trunk
           trunk: true
           vlan:
             - 1
             - 2
         - name: ovs-vlan1
           native_vlan: 1
           vlan:
             - 1
         - name: ovs-vlan2
           native_vlan: 2
           vlan:
             - 2

Then in the YAML inventory for the VM, define the OVS portgroups you
want to the VM to connect to. Remember the first interface probably
should be something with a native VLAN so that DHCP works.

  test-vm:
    virt_infra_networks:
      - name: ovs-bridge
        portgroup: ovs-vlan1
        type: ovs
      - name: ovs-bridge
        portgroup: ovs-vlan2
        type: ovs

Note this requires openvswitch to be installed and running with a OVS
bridge *already* created. A physical interface should also already be
added if it needs to communicate to the rest of the network.

You can configure this easily with ovs-vsctl, but it doesn't survive a
reboot:

 $ sudo ovs-vsctl add-br ovs-bridge
 $ sudo ovs-vsctl add-port ovs-bridge eth0

Or configure persistently with NetworkManager:

 $ sudo nmcli con add type ovs-bridge conn.interface ovs-bridge con-name ovs-bridge
 $ sudo nmcli con add type ovs-port conn.interface port-ovs-bridge master ovs-bridge
 $ sudo nmcli con add type ovs-interface slave-type ovs-port conn.interface ovs-bridge master port-ovs-bridge

 $ sudo nmcli con modify id eth0 ipv4.method disabled ipv6.method disabled
 $ sudo nmcli con add type ovs-port conn.interface ovs-port-eth master ovs-bridge con-name ovs-port-eth
 $ sudo nmcli con add type ethernet conn.interface eth0 master ovs-port-eth con-name ovs-int-eth
 $ sudo ifup ovs-int-eth

Or some other way using your distro's configs.

---
## [brauner/linux](https://github.com/brauner/linux)@[f4be572219...](https://github.com/brauner/linux/commit/f4be572219d0d07bc72d58a060c82fba21c06af1)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 13:37:05 by Christian Brauner

nsproxy: attach to namespaces via pidfds

For quite a while we have been thinking about using pidfds to attach to
namespaces. This patchset has existed for about a year already but we've
wanted to wait to see how the general api would be received and adopted.
Now that more and more programs in userspace have started using pidfds
for process management it's time to send this one out.

This patch makes it possible to use pidfds to attach to the namespaces
of another process, i.e. they can be passed as the first argument to the
setns() syscall. When only a single namespace type is specified the
semantics are equivalent to passing an nsfd. That means
setns(nsfd, CLONE_NEWNET) equals setns(pidfd, CLONE_NEWNET). However,
when a pidfd is passed, multiple namespace flags can be specified in the
second setns() argument and setns() will attach the caller to all the
specified namespaces all at once or to none of them. If 0 is specified
together with a pidfd then setns() will interpret it the same way 0 is
interpreted together with a nsfd argument, i.e. attach to any/all
namespaces.

The obvious example where this is useful is a standard container
manager interacting with a running container: pushing and pulling files
or directories, injecting mounts, attaching/execing any kind of process,
managing network devices all these operations require attaching to all
or at least multiple namespaces at the same time. Given that nowadays
most containers are spawned with all namespaces enabled we're currently
looking at at least 14 syscalls, 7 to open the /proc/<pid>/ns/<ns>
nsfds, another 7 to actually perform the namespace switch. With time
namespaces we're looking at about 16 syscalls.
(We could amortize the first 7 or 8 syscalls for opening the nsfds by
 stashing them in each container's monitor process but that would mean
 we need to send around those file descriptors through unix sockets
 everytime we want to interact with the container or keep on-disk
 state. Even in scenarios where a caller wants to join a particular
 namespace in a particular order callers still profit from batching
 other namespaces. That mostly applies to the user namespace but
 all container runtimes I found join the user namespace first no matter
 if it privileges or deprivileges the container.)
With pidfds this becomes a single syscall no matter how many namespaces
are supposed to be attached to.
A decently designed, large-scale container manager usually isn't the
parent of any of the containers it spawns so the containers don't die
when it crashes or needs to update or reinitialize. This means that
for the manger to interact with containers through pids is inherently
racy especially on systems where the maximum pid number is not
signficianly bumped. This is even more problematic since we often spawn
and manage thousands or ten-thousands of containers. Interacting with a
container through a pid thus can become risky quite quickly. Especially
since we allow for an administrator to enable advanced features such as
syscall interception where we're performing syscalls in lieu of the
container. In all of those cases we use pidfds if they are availabe and
we pass them around as stable references. Using them to setns() to the
target process namespaces is as reliable as using nsfds. Either the
target process is already dead and we get ESRCH or we manage to attach
to its namespaces but we can't accidently attach to another process'
namespaces. So pidfds lend themselves to be used with this api.

Apart from significiantly reducing the number of syscalls from double
digit to single digit which is a decent reason post-spectre/meltdown
this also allows to switch to a set of namespaces atomically, i.e.
either attaching to all the specified namespaces succeeds or we fail. If
we fail we haven't changed a single namespace. There are currently three
namespaces that can fail (other than for ENOMEM which really is not
very interesting since we then have other problems anyway) for
non-trivial reasons, user, mount, and pid namespaces. We can fail to
attach to a pid namespace if it is not our current active pid namespace
or a descendant of it. We can fail to attach to a user namespace because
we are multi-threaded, because our current mount namespace shares
filesystem state with other tasks, or because we're trying to setns()
to the same user namespace, i.e. the target task has the same user
namespace as we do. We can fail to attach to a mount namespace because
it shares filesystem state with other tasks or because we fail to lookup
the new root for the new mount namespace. In most non-pathological
scenarios these issues can be somewhat mitigated. But there's e.g.
still an inherent race between trying to setns() to the mount namespace
of a task and that task spawning a child with CLONE_FS. If that process
runs in a new user namespace we must have already setns()ed into the new
user namespace otherwise we fail to attach to the mount namespace. There
are other cases similar to that and we've had issues where we're
half-attached to some namespace and failing in the middle. I've talked
about some of these problem during the hallway track (something only the
pre-COVID-19 generation will remember) of Plumber in Los Angeles in
2018(?). Even if all these issues could be avoided with super careful
userspace coding it would be nicer to have this done in-kernel. There's
not a lot of cost associated with this extension for the kernel and
pidfds seem to lend themselves nicely for this.

Cc: Eric W. Biederman <ebiederm@xmission.com>
Cc: Serge Hallyn <serge@hallyn.com>
Cc: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>

---
## [brauner/linux](https://github.com/brauner/linux)@[ef75d3fc90...](https://github.com/brauner/linux/commit/ef75d3fc90f0e9a9225e4cfe5ba040c9e7011b29)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 14:34:25 by Christian Brauner

nsproxy: attach to namespaces via pidfds

For quite a while we have been thinking about using pidfds to attach to
namespaces. This patchset has existed for about a year already but we've
wanted to wait to see how the general api would be received and adopted.
Now that more and more programs in userspace have started using pidfds
for process management it's time to send this one out.

This patch makes it possible to use pidfds to attach to the namespaces
of another process, i.e. they can be passed as the first argument to the
setns() syscall. When only a single namespace type is specified the
semantics are equivalent to passing an nsfd. That means
setns(nsfd, CLONE_NEWNET) equals setns(pidfd, CLONE_NEWNET). However,
when a pidfd is passed, multiple namespace flags can be specified in the
second setns() argument and setns() will attach the caller to all the
specified namespaces all at once or to none of them. If 0 is specified
together with a pidfd then setns() will interpret it the same way 0 is
interpreted together with a nsfd argument, i.e. attach to any/all
namespaces.

The obvious example where this is useful is a standard container
manager interacting with a running container: pushing and pulling files
or directories, injecting mounts, attaching/execing any kind of process,
managing network devices all these operations require attaching to all
or at least multiple namespaces at the same time. Given that nowadays
most containers are spawned with all namespaces enabled we're currently
looking at at least 14 syscalls, 7 to open the /proc/<pid>/ns/<ns>
nsfds, another 7 to actually perform the namespace switch. With time
namespaces we're looking at about 16 syscalls.
(We could amortize the first 7 or 8 syscalls for opening the nsfds by
 stashing them in each container's monitor process but that would mean
 we need to send around those file descriptors through unix sockets
 everytime we want to interact with the container or keep on-disk
 state. Even in scenarios where a caller wants to join a particular
 namespace in a particular order callers still profit from batching
 other namespaces. That mostly applies to the user namespace but
 all container runtimes I found join the user namespace first no matter
 if it privileges or deprivileges the container.)
With pidfds this becomes a single syscall no matter how many namespaces
are supposed to be attached to.
A decently designed, large-scale container manager usually isn't the
parent of any of the containers it spawns so the containers don't die
when it crashes or needs to update or reinitialize. This means that
for the manger to interact with containers through pids is inherently
racy especially on systems where the maximum pid number is not
signficianly bumped. This is even more problematic since we often spawn
and manage thousands or ten-thousands of containers. Interacting with a
container through a pid thus can become risky quite quickly. Especially
since we allow for an administrator to enable advanced features such as
syscall interception where we're performing syscalls in lieu of the
container. In all of those cases we use pidfds if they are available and
we pass them around as stable references. Using them to setns() to the
target process namespaces is as reliable as using nsfds. Either the
target process is already dead and we get ESRCH or we manage to attach
to its namespaces but we can't accidently attach to another process'
namespaces. So pidfds lend themselves to be used with this api.

Apart from significiantly reducing the number of syscalls from double
digit to single digit which is a decent reason post-spectre/meltdown
this also allows to switch to a set of namespaces atomically, i.e.
either attaching to all the specified namespaces succeeds or we fail. If
we fail we haven't changed a single namespace. There are currently three
namespaces that can fail (other than for ENOMEM which really is not
very interesting since we then have other problems anyway) for
non-trivial reasons, user, mount, and pid namespaces. We can fail to
attach to a pid namespace if it is not our current active pid namespace
or a descendant of it. We can fail to attach to a user namespace because
we are multi-threaded, because our current mount namespace shares
filesystem state with other tasks, or because we're trying to setns()
to the same user namespace, i.e. the target task has the same user
namespace as we do. We can fail to attach to a mount namespace because
it shares filesystem state with other tasks or because we fail to lookup
the new root for the new mount namespace. In most non-pathological
scenarios these issues can be somewhat mitigated. But there's e.g.
still an inherent race between trying to setns() to the mount namespace
of a task and that task spawning a child with CLONE_FS. If that process
runs in a new user namespace we must have already setns()ed into the new
user namespace otherwise we fail to attach to the mount namespace. There
are other cases similar to that and we've had issues where we're
half-attached to some namespace and failing in the middle. I've talked
about some of these problem during the hallway track (something only the
pre-COVID-19 generation will remember) of Plumber in Los Angeles in
2018(?). Even if all these issues could be avoided with super careful
userspace coding it would be nicer to have this done in-kernel. There's
not a lot of cost associated with this extension for the kernel and
pidfds seem to lend themselves nicely for this.

Cc: Eric W. Biederman <ebiederm@xmission.com>
Cc: Serge Hallyn <serge@hallyn.com>
Cc: Aleksa Sarai <cyphar@cyphar.com>
Signed-off-by: Christian Brauner <christian.brauner@ubuntu.com>
---
If we agree that this is useful than I'd pick this up for for v5.8.
There's probably some smart trick around nsproxy and pidns life-cycle
management that I'm missing but I tried to be conservative wrt to taking
references.

---
## [soprafs20-group09/frantic-client](https://github.com/soprafs20-group09/frantic-client)@[0b4a09a862...](https://github.com/soprafs20-group09/frantic-client/commit/0b4a09a86283815885f8d3a932444a77bba3451e)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 14:37:29 by Chester

Card: make fuck-you white, adjust special cards color.

---
## [alphagov/notifications-api](https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-api)@[7e674003d6...](https://github.com/alphagov/notifications-api/commit/7e674003d66fefadfb230ea8da697ae4859bc33f)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 15:00:26 by David McDonald

Add -Ofair setting to reporting celery app

What this setting does is best described in
https://medium.com/@taylorhughes/three-quick-tips-from-two-years-with-celery-c05ff9d7f9eb#d7ec

Note, this behaviour is default for celery version 4 and above but we
are still on version 3.1.26 so we have to enable it ourselves.

This should be useful for the reporting app because tasks run by this
app are always not quick tasks. It does make the assumption that the
reporting app picks up more tasks at a single time then exist worker
processes (11 currently). This is possible in terms of celery
configuration (it can prefetch 4 tasks for each process so 44 tasks
could be waiting), but whether we are putting enough tasks on the queue
at the same time in an en evening and whether they are not being
uniformly distributed across the instances is a question I don't know.
Regardless, I think this is usefult to have incase this behvaiour does
happen, or we reduce the number of concurrent processes for this app.

Also, this is only being set on the reporting celery app because this is
trying to do the minimum possible to improve the reliability and speed
of our overnight reporting tasks. It may very well be useful to set this
flag on all our apps, but this should be done with some more
consideration as some of them will deal with much faster tasks (sub
0.5s) and so it may be still be appropriate or may not. Proper
investigation would be needed.

Note, the celery docs on this are also worth a read:
https://docs.celeryproject.org/en/3.1/userguide/optimizing.html#optimizing-prefetch-limit.
However, there language can confuse this with the prefetch behaviour.
The distinction is that prefetch grabs items off the queue, whereas the
-Ofair behaviour is to do with when items have already been prefetched
and then whether the master celery process straight away gives them to
the child (worker) processes or not.

---
## [nguia/A-Freeform-Poem](https://github.com/nguia/A-Freeform-Poem)@[4ab4e07276...](https://github.com/nguia/A-Freeform-Poem/commit/4ab4e07276e2f9fbfcf11321be9049f0a7922c5d)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 15:53:19 by nguia

Added "I hear police sirens."

The added sentence represents the author's worry over his actions which are viewed as reprehensible in today's modern society. It serves as a statement condemning his lack of control over his own life; who's to say he can't set his own lawn on fire? The narrator believes this his freedom as an American citizen is merely an illusion, and the necessity to flee the scene is representative of this idea that you must abide by some arbitrary guidelines rather than living life your own way. Truly a masterpiece of modern literature Mr. Goya has written.

---
## [Xiaminou/HardcoreEmpires](https://github.com/Xiaminou/HardcoreEmpires)@[68516ce281...](https://github.com/Xiaminou/HardcoreEmpires/commit/68516ce281dbefcfa2b3495864eea06610c53a92)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 17:03:22 by Xiaminou

Increased Vehicle Hull health

Everybody hates piercing damage, fuck you Security.

---
## [ProbablyCarl/BoH-Bay](https://github.com/ProbablyCarl/BoH-Bay)@[892f150081...](https://github.com/ProbablyCarl/BoH-Bay/commit/892f150081a67c75912d15d88421092c885cfba5)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 19:09:10 by ProbablyCarl

Various QoL Changes / More
- - -
Bugfix:
 - Ascent drones can now actually speak ZAC, as was intended.
 - Vox TEG fix. This corrected the pipe issue, and now allows for players to actually have an active, working TEG.
 - Pathfinder given basic Research access. Because it didn't have it, for some reason, despite working alongside the Science department.
- - -
Additions:
 - Ascent Gyne given a mind batterer, to enable easier taking of captives. This affects everyone, and while the cooldown isn't absurd, having no IFF will provide hilarious results for bald Gynes.
 - Basic Ascent shield for individual use added, though not mapped in.
 - Ascent can now produce premade medications, in the same manner as the Skrell. This was intended, but never actually mapped in.
 - Ascent now have gloves for surgical procedures.
 - The Vox now have a bioreactor, which is quite literally just a reskinned Ascent reactor but garbage, until we get an actual bioreactor to replace it. It produces a measly fifteen kilowatts when active, and is primarily for show at the moment.
- - -
Balance:
 - Vox slugs are now much, much more deadly. They're an actual threat, rather than a minor annoyance, as they now inject VB, rather than CB.
 - Psyker for Command now spawns with initial equipment, rather than it sitting in their office. It slightly differs flavour wise depending on the alt title.
 - Jerraman removed from map, as it made no sense within the current lore. It remains in the files for future use, if required admin-wise/event-wise.
 - Vox ship given PDs for their exposed ship areas. They won't actually do much in a full storm, but they're good for random events. If ever. The remainder of the vessel retains its asteroid hull lining.
- - -
Re-additions:
 - Psykers are now once again present within Medical, with four different alt titles.
 - Command Psyker re-opened, though this may change, pending lore dev input.
- - -
Map:
 - Vox vessel given a touch up so it's now lore compliant. No longer are they mouth breathing rejects. Mostly. This change was made to reflect that they're an outer group, scavenging for the Arks and not necessarily pirates or raiders with lack of care for their crew.

---
## [adam-rocska/GeoIP2-swift](https://github.com/adam-rocska/GeoIP2-swift)@[b246676328...](https://github.com/adam-rocska/GeoIP2-swift/commit/b246676328add8e576b4dcc993a259010b23b9f3)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 19:27:37 by Adam Rocska

I figured out what the problem was. I was an idiot in many ways :
- the submodule had an invalid detatched head commit hash. Dunno why.
- the package swift file defined a wrong version number for libmaxminddb. Moral of the story : don't be an ass.
- some leftover garbage from automake made me believe I was done
- potato

---
## [CuteOne/BadRotations](https://github.com/CuteOne/BadRotations)@[38ef7f7caf...](https://github.com/CuteOne/BadRotations/commit/38ef7f7cafe1f3fc2407103690a8534d02a20ead)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 19:31:12 by Laksmackt

Laksweaver: fixed copy/paste error - also FUCK YOU!

---
## [jcorm714/GameJamTime](https://github.com/jcorm714/GameJamTime)@[4b98eb36bc...](https://github.com/jcorm714/GameJamTime/commit/4b98eb36bcb8720a60c4af8168bf37316c5bc82f)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 20:07:58 by patmac

dude im serious my emotions are running wild, you have to stop. Im at my fucking limit

---
## [YunoHost/yunohost](https://github.com/YunoHost/yunohost)@[50fbfb0372...](https://github.com/YunoHost/yunohost/commit/50fbfb0372f4478cf373ea67b883cbaa1ba9c6c7)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 22:05:30 by Alexandre Aubin

Fucking ugly workaround for the goddamn dependency nighmare from sury djeezus kraiste

---
## [bestshoretrips/Dubai-desert-safari](https://github.com/bestshoretrips/Dubai-desert-safari)@[95f126cdfe...](https://github.com/bestshoretrips/Dubai-desert-safari/commit/95f126cdfe7586cfb1e5d8ac08216bdd8595e368)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 22:55:17 by bestshoretrips

Create README.md

Dubai desert Safari

Summary : Before you book Dubai desert safari , you must know well certain points , as their is points travel agency do not like tourists to know . Any way it is one from the most amazinf experience for any visit to Dubai .
 
Dubai is considered one of the main cities of United Arab Emirates, consider now from the wish list for most travelers all over the world due to its famous landmark worldwide .
Before you visit Dubai , you must arrange your program well to not be confused upon arrival as Dubai is full of many sights to be visited .
One from important things to do in Dubai while visiting is to enjoy Dubai desert safari. 
The magnificent landscape of this area and dunes attract many tourists to go their especially during winter as temperature become moderate. 
When to go ? 
The best time to enjoy Dubai desert safari in the year from beginning of October to End of April as during summer it is hot , but if you can tolerate High temperatures you can do it . 
What to wear? 
Before you go to Dubai desert safari ,It is recommended to wear light clothes but to bring coat with you as sometimes at night it may be cold. 
Eyeglasses and hats recommended bringing with you. 
Light shoes or slippers is more comfortable to be wear during your trip.
As Dubai considered Arabian and Islamic country, so conservative clothes will be recommended, but that do not mean that you cannot wear short trousers or cut T Shirts.  
What is the most famous kinds for Dubai desert safari ? 

Morning Safari 
Overnight Dubai desert safari including 1 night in the camp 
Afternoon desert Safari  ( Recommended as it usually include show with dinner ) 
What to Expect at Afternoon Dubai desert safari? 
 

Dubai desert safari trip to be operated with Air-conditioned 4 X 4 vehicles  as there is long time of driving off road .
Deserts in Dubai characterized by its magnificent dunes.
Dune bashing considered from the most amazing things in Dubai desert safari , so it is not recommended for pregnant women ,whom severing from backbones  or heart problems ( you can ask your driver guide to skip dune bashing if you like ) 
Nice opportunity for honeymooners, couples and Romantic people as their will be Sunset watching from desert as you can take memorable and romantic views, there is short stop in certain spots in which you able to take photos  
There will be chance for Camel riding as most companies offer short camel ride during Dubai desert safari, after finishing the desert portion and while you are in the entrance of the camp their will be opportunity for camel ride  at the gate of the camp , but do not expect more than 2 minutes ride as most probably it will be long queue waiting for this ride .
Falcon Show: The Arabian falcons has wide reputation worldwide, there is partition for Arabian falcon show in which you can have a chance to carry one of these falcons in your arm and take photos.   
Henna painting: For ladies, there will be partition in which Arabian woman can do henna paints in your arms, you can choose from several designs 
Smokers will have good opportunity to smoke Arabian Shisha, that characterized with several tastes as Apple , pitch , water melon , cherry and grape  
 
Arabian Coffee and Arabian Dates: After the desert tour and upon arriving to the camp you will receive welcome drink inside the camp. You will enjoy the Arabian coffee and you can eat the Arabian dates with its amazing taste with the coffee, a taste you will never forget.
Be ready for the buffer dinner, either you are vegetarian or non-vegetarian; you will found wide verities that will be served at open buffet. Enjoy the oriental tastes and Barbeque and eat until you are full.   
Be ready for the Night show ,At the middle of the Arabian deserts and in Oriental atmosphere , be ready for the show , the most Hi light for Dubai desert safari is the night show in which you can see the Belly dancer , tanoura show and other shows also will be included .
How to book? 
Many travel agencies offer online Dubai desert safari tickets, rate varied mainly to the quality of camp and the verities in dinner and the night show.
Choose well the Safari that satisfy your needs and do not interfere with your timing especially if your time is limited .
In case you have stopover In Dubai , be sure that you will be dropped of on time as from the camp inside the desert till the airport it takes from 45 minutes to 1 hour .
It is recommended to have passport with you as may be authority require to check before going inside the desert.
For pregnant women and whom severing from any heart or back problems, please ask doctors before booking this trip. 
Infants and children under 2 years will be on responsibility of their parents and while you are booking, ask your agency for baby seat.

What Dubai travel agency hide during your booking for Dubai desert safari ?
Be sure that transportation with 4x4 Air condition vehicles , that are adapted with 6 seats .
Be sure that dune bashing included during the desert portion. 
No any Extra cost for the dinner buffet. 
Ask for the program for the night show as it must include 2 or 3 shows, belly dancer show must be included. 
Drop off in same your pick up location without any extra fees 
Water and soft drinks included.

What extra cost can be paid ? 
You can ask for private Safari trip (only vehicle private , while camp is mixed , vehicle can accommodate till 6 passengers )
Hummer vehicles safari offered with extra cost. 
Sand boarding opportunity 
Beach Buggy ride.

Remark : As Ramadan considered Holly month in Arabian and Islamic countries , Alcohols and belly dance show is not allowed during any booking in Ramadan for any Dubai desert safari .

 















 


 




 






Dubai desert Safari

Summary : Before you book Dubai desert safari , you must know well certain points , as their is points travel agency do not like tourists to know . Any way it is one from the most amazinf experience for any visit to Dubai .
 
Dubai is considered one of the main cities of United Arab Emirates, consider now from the wish list for most travelers all over the world due to its famous landmark worldwide .
Before you visit Dubai , you must arrange your program well to not be confused upon arrival as Dubai is full of many sights to be visited .
One from important things to do in Dubai while visiting is to enjoy Dubai desert safari. 
The magnificent landscape of this area and dunes attract many tourists to go their especially during winter as temperature become moderate. 
When to go ? 
The best time to enjoy Dubai desert safari in the year from beginning of October to End of April as during summer it is hot , but if you can tolerate High temperatures you can do it . 
What to wear? 
Before you go to Dubai desert safari ,It is recommended to wear light clothes but to bring coat with you as sometimes at night it may be cold. 
Eyeglasses and hats recommended bringing with you. 
Light shoes or slippers is more comfortable to be wear during your trip.
As Dubai considered Arabian and Islamic country, so conservative clothes will be recommended, but that do not mean that you cannot wear short trousers or cut T Shirts.  
What is the most famous kinds for Dubai desert safari ? 

Morning Safari 
Overnight Dubai desert safari including 1 night in the camp 
Afternoon desert Safari  ( Recommended as it usually include show with dinner ) 
What to Expect at Afternoon Dubai desert safari? 
 

Dubai desert safari trip to be operated with Air-conditioned 4 X 4 vehicles  as there is long time of driving off road .
Deserts in Dubai characterized by its magnificent dunes.
Dune bashing considered from the most amazing things in Dubai desert safari , so it is not recommended for pregnant women ,whom severing from backbones  or heart problems ( you can ask your driver guide to skip dune bashing if you like ) 
Nice opportunity for honeymooners, couples and Romantic people as their will be Sunset watching from desert as you can take memorable and romantic views, there is short stop in certain spots in which you able to take photos  
There will be chance for Camel riding as most companies offer short camel ride during Dubai desert safari, after finishing the desert portion and while you are in the entrance of the camp their will be opportunity for camel ride  at the gate of the camp , but do not expect more than 2 minutes ride as most probably it will be long queue waiting for this ride .
Falcon Show: The Arabian falcons has wide reputation worldwide, there is partition for Arabian falcon show in which you can have a chance to carry one of these falcons in your arm and take photos.   
Henna painting: For ladies, there will be partition in which Arabian woman can do henna paints in your arms, you can choose from several designs 
Smokers will have good opportunity to smoke Arabian Shisha, that characterized with several tastes as Apple , pitch , water melon , cherry and grape  
 
Arabian Coffee and Arabian Dates: After the desert tour and upon arriving to the camp you will receive welcome drink inside the camp. You will enjoy the Arabian coffee and you can eat the Arabian dates with its amazing taste with the coffee, a taste you will never forget.
Be ready for the buffer dinner, either you are vegetarian or non-vegetarian; you will found wide verities that will be served at open buffet. Enjoy the oriental tastes and Barbeque and eat until you are full.   
Be ready for the Night show ,At the middle of the Arabian deserts and in Oriental atmosphere , be ready for the show , the most Hi light for Dubai desert safari is the night show in which you can see the Belly dancer , tanoura show and other shows also will be included .
How to book? 
Many travel agencies offer online Dubai desert safari tickets, rate varied mainly to the quality of camp and the verities in dinner and the night show.
Choose well the Safari that satisfy your needs and do not interfere with your timing especially if your time is limited .
In case you have stopover In Dubai , be sure that you will be dropped of on time as from the camp inside the desert till the airport it takes from 45 minutes to 1 hour .
It is recommended to have passport with you as may be authority require to check before going inside the desert.
For pregnant women and whom severing from any heart or back problems, please ask doctors before booking this trip. 
Infants and children under 2 years will be on responsibility of their parents and while you are booking, ask your agency for baby seat.

What Dubai travel agency hide during your booking for Dubai desert safari ?
Be sure that transportation with 4x4 Air condition vehicles , that are adapted with 6 seats .
Be sure that dune bashing included during the desert portion. 
No any Extra cost for the dinner buffet. 
Ask for the program for the night show as it must include 2 or 3 shows, belly dancer show must be included. 
Drop off in same your pick up location without any extra fees 
Water and soft drinks included.

What extra cost can be paid ? 
You can ask for private Safari trip (only vehicle private , while camp is mixed , vehicle can accommodate till 6 passengers )
Hummer vehicles safari offered with extra cost. 
Sand boarding opportunity 
Beach Buggy ride.

Remark : As Ramadan considered Holly month in Arabian and Islamic countries , Alcohols and belly dance show is not allowed during any booking in Ramadan for any Dubai desert safari .

---
## [Hello23-Ygopro/ygopro](https://github.com/Hello23-Ygopro/ygopro)@[19dbcfbe79...](https://github.com/Hello23-Ygopro/ygopro/commit/19dbcfbe79d047fd7bc5943007fd08b787a4d7be)
#### Monday 2020-04-27 23:35:17 by Hello23-Ygopro

fix cards.sql

Added missing setcodes:
- Allure Queen (Ygopro Edopro only)
- Beast's Battle (Ygopro Edopro only)
- Bonding (Bonding - H2O)
- Chaos (Morphing Jar #2)
- Goblin (Knightmare Goblin)
- Horus the Black Flame Dragon (Ygopro Edopro only)
- PSY-Framegear
- Parshath (Avenging Knight Parshath)
- Prophecy (The Dark Magicians)
- Saber (Gaia Saber, the Lightning Shadow)
- Spirit Message (Ygopro Edopro only)
- Worm (Hack Worm)

Removed unofficial setcodes:
- Aqua
- Tachyon

Added missing strings:
- Secure Gardna

Removed unused text.

---

# [<](2020-04-26.md) 2020-04-27 [>](2020-04-28.md)

