# [<](2020-06-13.md) 2020-06-14 [>](2020-06-15.md)

1,842,388 events, 972,132 push events, 1,413,838 commit messages, 91,166,722 characters


## [jwoff78/OrkEngine](https://github.com/jwoff78/OrkEngine)@[d9d5f340a7...](https://github.com/jwoff78/OrkEngine/commit/d9d5f340a730b1b11b672b9a4fed2851ccb54723)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 02:05:07 by jwoff78

Added OrkEngineUnsafe to make commiting better god bless it's been a long fucking day

---
## [arjungandhi/pretty-please](https://github.com/arjungandhi/pretty-please)@[44289792c2...](https://github.com/arjungandhi/pretty-please/commit/44289792c2c5e57c49aaf420bab4f9cfec053637)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 07:24:00 by Arjun Gandhi

listen bitch i spent 3 hours on my life just for a stupid joke of having unreasonable large buttons and they fucked up my mobile site and my will to live hide the button hide your kids hide your wife and jesus christ i want death upan the word button.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7d3942e9c5...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7d3942e9c5ce0fc44b03bf2e0249485b4d389a86)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 10:59:58 by Marko Grdinić

"8am. I am up. I slept soundly tonight. Let me chill for a while and then I will start. Finally I will dedicate some time to the book.

8:55am. Let me slowly start.

9:45am. 32/325. I am reading it again from the very first chapter. As I said, this time I will do it carefully.

10:05am. 41/325. As interesting as this is, I am really looking forward into seeing how the book will explain alternatives. For now, let me just read this casually. It will take me a few days at least to finish the book.

10:15am. 46/325.
> The main disadvantages of asynchronous message passing are rooted in the fact that it provides very little synchronization. Thus, the programmer is forced to implement more complicated protocols to achieve the necessary synchronization.

Yeah, this is exactly why I am studying this. In order to avoid having to do this work.

10:30am. 49/325. I made a mistake. `IVar` when read does not eject the value it has. `MVar` is the one that does. Let me modify the prototype.

```fs
let rnd_v = MVar(Random())
let wait t = MVar.take rnd_v ^=> fun rnd -> timeOutMillis (rnd.Next(t)) >>=. MVar.fill rnd_v rnd
```

This is what I meant to do.

Actually, rather than doing this, I could do `modify`...

```fs
let rnd_v = MVar(Random())
let wait t = MVar.take rnd_v ^=> fun rnd -> MVar.fill rnd_v rnd >>=. timeOutMillis (rnd.Next(t))
```

No, this is the ideal. There is no need to block traffic for too long.

The generator should be put back as soon as it is done.

10:50am. 55/325. The real thing will start here. I'll move to a fresh project rather than do this in the Spiral repo. I'll follow the examples as I go along.

11:15am. 62/325. Let me try implementing the concurrent sieve. I am already starting to fall asleep, but hopefully some programming should help wake me up. Unlike Hopac, CML has runtime support so it does not need monadic wrapping to do the concurrency that it does. Monads and combinators aren't too bad if you've got the type system support for them.

11:30am.

```fs
let counter i = let c = Ch() in Job.iterateServer i (fun i -> Ch.give c i >>-. (i+1)) >>-. c

let filter p req =
    let res = Ch()
    let rec loop () = req >>= fun i -> if i % p = 0 then Ch.give res i :> _ Job else loop ()
    Job.start (loop()) >>-. res
```

This is a faithful representation from the book, but if things are like this, rather than return a res channel it would be better to use `Promise.start` instead. Or just make this a regular job.

...Ah, whatever. Let me just do this example faithfully. If I wanted to do this properly, no way would I be messing around with sieves.

11:40am.

```fs
module Example

open Hopac
open Hopac.Infixes
open Hopac.Extensions

let counter i = let c = Ch() in Job.iterateServer i (fun i -> Ch.give c i >>-. (i+1)) >>-. c

let filter p req =
    let res = Ch()
    let rec loop () = req >>= fun i -> if i % p = 0 then Ch.give res i :> _ Job else loop ()
    Job.start (loop()) >>-. res

let sieve = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let primes = Ch()
    let head c =
        Ch.take c >>= fun p ->
        Ch.send primes p >>=.
        filter p c
    counter 2 >>= (fun i -> Job.iterateServer i head)
```

It does not feel like this should work at all. I remember once watching a talk by Rob Pike and he showcased seives.

```
fun loop () = let val i = recv inCh
in
if ((i mod p) 0) then send (outCh, i) else ();
loop ()
end
```

Actually, what the hell is this syntax from the book? Is that `loop` supposed to be in the else branch or not? I thought ML was not indentation sensitive. Ah, I think the `;` is actually supposed to be a terminator. This is different from Spiral and F#. Ok, I get it.

```fs
let filter p req =
    let res = Ch()
    let loop = req >>= fun i -> if i % p = 0 then Ch.give res i else Alt.unit()
    Job.foreverServer loop >>-. res
```

Rather than quitting on the first input, it should keep going. What the book is intending is to nest the filters on every iteration.

```fs
module Example

open Hopac
open Hopac.Infixes
open Hopac.Extensions

let counter i = let c = Ch() in Job.iterateServer i (fun i -> Ch.give c i >>-. (i+1)) >>-. c

let filter p req =
    let res = Ch()
    let loop = req >>= fun i -> if i % p = 0 then Ch.give res i else Alt.unit()
    Job.foreverServer loop >>-. res

let sieve = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let primes = Ch()
    let head c =
        Ch.take c >>= fun p ->
        Ch.send primes p >>=.
        filter p c
    counter 2 >>= (fun i -> Job.iterateServer i head) >>-. primes

job {
    let! c = sieve
    for i= 1 to 10 do
        do! Ch.take c >>- printfn "%i"
    }
|> run
```

Now this on the other hand feels right. I wish the arguments for `Job.iterateServer` were flipped. Well, let me go for this.

11:55am. Whops, this only prints out powers of 2.

```fs
let loop = req >>= fun i -> if i % p = 0 then Ch.give res i else Alt.unit()
```

That `=` should be `<>`. Is that all that I need to fix?

```
2
3
5
7
11
13
17
19
23
29
```

Nope, it works. When I did the sieve last - it was for some HackerRank problem or something like that, I allocated a big array and zeroed out its elements. Somehow the idea of using a resizeable array with the previous primes did not even occur to me.

12:05pm. Ok, let me not start thinking about prime factorization. Let me proceed with the book.

12:20pm.

```fs
module Fib =
    let add req1 req2 res = Job.foreverServer (Ch.take req1 <*> Ch.take req2 >>= fun (a,b) -> Ch.give res (a+b))
    let delay init req res = Job.iterateServer init (function None -> Ch.take req >>- Some | Some x -> Ch.give res x >>-. None)
```

I think the delay could be rewritten as...

...Actually, no. The `init` might not necessarily be empty.

This is fine. Let me do this example.

12:35pm.

```fs
module Fib =
    let add req1 req2 res = Job.foreverServer (Ch.take req1 >>= fun a -> Ch.take req2 >>= fun b -> Ch.give res (a+b))
    let delay init req res = Job.iterateServer init (function None -> Ch.take req >>- Some | Some x -> Ch.give res x >>-. None)
    let copy req res1 res2 = Job.foreverServer (Ch.take req >>= fun x -> Ch.give res1 x >>=. Ch.give res2 x)

    let fib = Job.delay <| fun () ->
        let res = Ch ()
        let c1,c2,c3,c4,c5 = Ch (),Ch (),Ch (),Ch (),Ch ()
        delay (Some 0) c4 c5 >>=.
        copy c2 c3 c4 >>=.
        add c3 c5 c1 >>=.
        copy c1 c2 res >>=.
        Ch.send c1 1 >>-.
        res
```

Based on how this works, the delay really did not need the option after all.

```fs
module Fib =
    let add req1 req2 res = Job.foreverServer (Ch.take req1 >>= fun a -> Ch.take req2 >>= fun b -> Ch.give res (a+b))
    let delay init req res = Job.iterateServer init (fun x -> Ch.give res x >>=. Ch.take req)
    let copy req res1 res2 = Job.foreverServer (Ch.take req >>= fun x -> Ch.give res1 x >>=. Ch.give res2 x)

    let fib = Job.delay <| fun () ->
        let res = Ch ()
        let c1,c2,c3,c4,c5 = Ch (),Ch (),Ch (),Ch (),Ch ()
        delay 0 c4 c5 >>=.
        copy c2 c3 c4 >>=.
        add c3 c5 c1 >>=.
        copy c1 c2 res >>=.
        Ch.send c1 1 >>-.
        res
```

Let me try running this.

12:45pm.

```fs
module Fib =
    let add req1 req2 res = Job.foreverServer (Ch.take req1 >>= fun a -> Ch.take req2 >>= fun b -> Ch.give res (a+b))
    let delay init req res = Job.iterateServer init (fun x -> Ch.give res x >>=. Ch.take req)
    let copy req res1 res2 = Job.foreverServer (Ch.take req >>= fun x -> Ch.give res1 x >>=. Ch.give res2 x)

    let fib = Job.delay <| fun () ->
        let res = Ch ()
        let c1,c2,c3,c4,c5 = Ch (),Ch (),Ch (),Ch (),Ch ()
        delay 0 c4 c5 >>=.
        copy c2 c3 c4 >>=.
        add c3 c5 c1 >>=.
        copy c1 c2 res >>=.
        Ch.send c1 1 >>-.
        res

    let main = job {
        let! c = fib
        for i=1 to 10 do
            do! Ch.take c >>- printfn "%i"
        }

Fib.main |> run
```

It works. These examples might seem trivial, but I am leaning towards needing to do them. Without this practice would I have been able to write a program like this? Probably not.

My natural inclination is definitely not towards cutting this finely. But this is exactly what I have to do if I want to get good performance out of editor support.

```fs
let head c = Ch.take c >>= fun p -> Ch.give primes p >>=. filter p c
```

Whops, previously had `Ch.send` here. Don't want that.

12:55pm. 64/325. Just dwelling. Let me stop here so I can have breakfast.

Now that I am being more active as I go through the book, I am getting more out of it.

My aim from here will be to make steady progress and internalize all of it. Once done, I will have everything I need to start editor support for Spiral."

---
## [HelpSeeker/CoubDownloader](https://github.com/HelpSeeker/CoubDownloader)@[ec7cded7f5...](https://github.com/HelpSeeker/CoubDownloader/commit/ec7cded7f5f0ae43920852fb2f9a6d914ed1592c)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 12:20:22 by HelpSeeker

Rewrite GUI with tkinter

Gooey is a great tool for quickly throwing together working and decent
looking GUIs, without having to know anything about GUI design or GUI
programming. Because of that it was a compelling choice for coub-gui.py,
since I never wrote a GUI before (and didn't plan to learn how to) but
still wanted to provide a basic GUI frontend for convenience.

While it was easy and fast to use, Gooey managed to become cumbersome in
its own way. I could nag about how the way CLI and GUI are designed is
fundamentally different and thus mapping CLI parsing to GUI interaction
will always include a considerable amount of hacks or how you can't
create checkboxes, which reliably show a check for True and no check for
False while allowing either as default value, but those are basically
nitpicks. My biggest gripe is all the trouble it caused me while working
on standalone binaries. On Linux it killed the idea entirely and even on
Windows it blew up the binaries considerably.

So for a while I entertained the notion to finally look into GUI
programming and replace the makeshift solution with a real one. This is
the result.

I decided to go with tkinter for several reasons.

  -) included in Python's standard library
  -) fairly lightweight
  -) native look on Windows and MacOS
  -) easy to package with PyInstaller
  -) easy to learn (not that I knew about this beforehand)

It has one big drawback though. It looks pretty dated (not to say ugly)
on Linux. Because of that PyGObject was another strong contender for me
(I really like the GTK look no matter the platform) and I may come back
to it in the future. But for now tkinter's advantages outweigh its dated
look on Linux.

As one could expect from a complete beginner, this initial version still
lacks a lot of polish in places. However it is in a usable state and
will allow me to shift some of my goals for this project by enabling me
to produce standalone builds for both Windows AND Linux (already
confirmed). Also unlike the previous GUI powered by Gooey, I consider
this iteration a central part of the project (otherwise I wouldn't have
invested so much time into it) and will eventually change the main code
base to better integrate the GUI and overall increase the quality of
this repo.

---
## [Perfectfire33/ebay_api](https://github.com/Perfectfire33/ebay_api)@[21d55f3207...](https://github.com/Perfectfire33/ebay_api/commit/21d55f320719225fa103763c0125f2d2586e9010)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 16:39:37 by Perfectfire33

a1 brb somoek brak puit back ceral showertimemaybeyeahwhynot

1a maybe bath time instead hurt too much enterint showr now 12:35 PM 6/14/2020 bringing htc phone in bathroom too
Vaccine isnt What you think it is. TRANSHUMANISM AGENDA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BtXsWKiqd0Q

Lyric Parker
4 days ago
My ex boyfriend decided to join the army when the twin towers went down and got over in Iraq and learned the truth. He then blew his brains out in his barracks. I decided from that moment on to spread as much of the truth about hoaxes as possible. I do it in his memory cause had he known the truth from the beginning there was no way he would've fought in any war. Now I see people passing out with these masks on in the sweltering Georgia heat and I am appalled at the level of ignorance. They have heard nothing else about coronavirus but won't stop suffocating themselves until the Tell-lie-vision tells them to. I wanna tell everyone I see and they get angry at me as if I'm the one depriving them of their oxygen and making them stand outside cause there's 3 people in the store. Un-freakin-believable!

---
## [league-level4-student/level4-module4-Bexdog](https://github.com/league-level4-student/level4-module4-Bexdog)@[d86fc92ede...](https://github.com/league-level4-student/level4-module4-Bexdog/commit/d86fc92ede2b5ca0b5c13361ae33d427502e9316)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 18:19:40 by beckh

Suck on stupid darn idiotic polymorph
 because stupid red morph went down when the green one should have

---
## [SmgKhOaRn/klte_intelli_kernel](https://github.com/SmgKhOaRn/klte_intelli_kernel)@[62ea8d579f...](https://github.com/SmgKhOaRn/klte_intelli_kernel/commit/62ea8d579fdee446b64367e0c8ebba0641ab5523)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 19:34:17 by Paul E. McKenney

sync: Make sync() satisfy many requests with one invocation

Dave Jones reported RCU stalls, overly long hrtimer interrupts, and
amazingly long NMI handlers from a trinity-induced workload involving
lots of concurrent sync() calls (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/23/369).
There are any number of things that one might do to make sync() behave
better under high levels of contention, but it is also the case that
multiple concurrent sync() system calls can be satisfied by a single
sys_sync() invocation.

Given that this situation is reminiscent of rcu_barrier(), this commit
applies the rcu_barrier() approach to sys_sync().  This approach uses
a global mutex and a sequence counter.  The mutex is held across the
sync() operation, which eliminates contention between concurrent sync()
operations.  The counter is incremented at the beginning and end of
each sync() operation, so that it is odd while a sync() operation is in
progress and even otherwise, just like sequence locks.

The code that used to be in sys_sync() is now in do_sync(), and sys_sync()
now handles the concurrency.  The sys_sync() function first takes a
snapshot of the counter, then acquires the mutex, and then takes another
snapshot of the counter.  If the values of the two snapshots indicate that
a full do_sync() executed during the mutex acquisition, the sys_sync()
function releases the mutex and returns ("Our work is done!").  Otherwise,
sys_sync() increments the counter, invokes do_sync(), and increments
the counter again.

This approach allows a single call to do_sync() to satisfy an arbitrarily
large number of sync() system calls, which should eliminate issues due
to large numbers of concurrent invocations of the sync() system call.

Changes since v1 (https://lkml.org/lkml/2013/7/24/683):

o	Add a pair of memory barriers to keep the increments from
	bleeding into the do_sync() code.  (The failure probability
	is insanely low, but when you have several hundred million
	devices running Linux, you can expect several hundred instances
	of one-in-a-million failures.)

o	Actually CC some people who have experience in this area.

Reported-by: Dave Jones <davej@redhat.com>
Signed-off-by: Paul E. McKenney <paulmck@linux.vnet.ibm.com>
Cc: Alexander Viro <viro@zeniv.linux.org.uk>
Cc: Christoph Hellwig <hch@lst.de>
Cc: Jan Kara <jack@suse.cz>
Cc: Curt Wohlgemuth <curtw@google.com>
Cc: Jens Axboe <jaxboe@fusionio.com>
Cc: linux-fsdevel@vger.kernel.org

Signed-off-by: Paul Reioux <reioux@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: SmgKhOaRn <smgkhoarn@gmail.com>

---
## [HelpSeeker/Restricted-WebM](https://github.com/HelpSeeker/Restricted-WebM)@[308e1a5e0a...](https://github.com/HelpSeeker/Restricted-WebM/commit/308e1a5e0a42345f28a566c37ee804bf81fd6382)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 21:41:50 by HelpSeeker

Switch to argparse for command-line parsing

I do not like argparse. In fact, you could say I hate it. It works well
enough if all you do is assign values to variables, but as soon as you
want to do something more advanced (e.g. slightly customized help
messages or - god forbid - custom actions) it gets tedious to work with.
But I also have to be realistic here. Manual parsing just doesn't scale
well, especially with a language that doesn't provide case statements.
Of course the always looming threat of a forgotten value check in
check_options() wasn't great either.

So I bit the bullet and switched to argparse.

The original Options class (now with a different name) is still present,
mainly because I want all defaults at the very beginning of the script,
so that they are readily available. The advanced option defaults are now
in parse_cli() though.
Unfortunately I still have to do some additional option checking, since
some pitfalls can only be detected after all options are set. Sometimes
it's also not worth it to introduce a new type function, so that
argparse can check on assignment, when it only applies to one option.
Wouldn't it be amazing, if you could just pass argparse a condition,
instead of having to define a new type?

On a side note, this commit also removes the --no-color flag, as it
didn't disable colorized output for default error messages and would
leave your terminal output colorized in case of such a message.

---
## [kmeisthax/telefang](https://github.com/kmeisthax/telefang)@[a02cdef2ae...](https://github.com/kmeisthax/telefang/commit/a02cdef2aea0887a21895d02c95b7174fab67c75)
#### Sunday 2020-06-14 22:23:53 by David Wendt

Add `.pylintrc` to ensure `rip_scripts` is actually scanned in VSCode.

It is absolutely, completely frustrating difficult that there is no actual way in `.pylintrc` to just say "this is my Python source directory, scan that". Hell, they don't even document `.pylintrc` - you're expected to use Pylint itself to generate a sample file with a bunch of inane settings and then customize what you like out of it. This is not Google-friendly.

For those Googling "how to make pylint scan my imports correctly" the answer is this commit specifically. You have to set an `init-hook` that adds the path of your Python source directory to `sys.path`, and then it will magically work.

---

# [<](2020-06-13.md) 2020-06-14 [>](2020-06-15.md)

