# [<](2020-05-25.md) 2020-05-26 [>](2020-05-27.md)

2,559,394 events, 1,264,295 push events, 2,063,928 commit messages, 141,242,595 characters


## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[ceea9b6793...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/ceea9b67932a0d0bccdca7a72e176b3c600eac7f)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 00:46:26 by MrDoomBringer

[Ready] Skillcapes II: Revenge of the broken github: A Skill Menu Special: New Sprites Edition (#50656)

* 10K hours

60,000 minutes
hahah


sure if you want a trailing newline i can do that


default cloak gets default skill


lazy list and no equip good


necessary ig


Update code/datums/skills/_skill.dm

Co-Authored-By: nemvar <47324920+nemvar@users.noreply.github.com>
Update code/datums/skills/gaming.dm

Co-Authored-By: Angust <46400996+Angustmeta@users.noreply.github.com>
WIP PDA skill monitor program


hacky fixes till i refactor skills


refactors skills a bit, adds admin skill edit menu


If you have a failing, it's that you're always demanding perfection

...IF you have a failing
i think that's it for the admin skill manger


appeases lord flord


bruh


level names


FUCK!!


unga


Update code/modules/vehicles/vehicle_key.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Update code/modules/admin/topic.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Update code/modules/admin/skill_panel.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Update code/modules/admin/skill_panel.dm

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
Apply suggestions from code review

frick

Co-authored-by: Rohesie <rohesie@gmail.com>
EOL and dumb spaces


more rohsie bait


tgui: Query Windows Registry for BYOND cache directory

hell yeah brother


update tgui and dmi


CLRF and bat file


typo ig

* tgui and new janicloak that i accdiently changed on another branch

* jani

* gamer cloak

* trim trailing whitespace

* tgui

* bruh

* variable renaming

---
## [ModDota/DotaTracking](https://github.com/ModDota/DotaTracking)@[8bbb37670e...](https://github.com/ModDota/DotaTracking/commit/8bbb37670ec4a7d8792d5ad1d1b0bba794194785)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 01:35:31 by Trent Monahan

Remove dependency from io module

also add -novid because fuck you valve

---
## [tgstation/tgstation](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation)@[a08f2113a4...](https://github.com/tgstation/tgstation/commit/a08f2113a42c6c53038520df33231ecf2cd9e804)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 02:38:14 by LemonInTheDark

Unfucks smallscreen, removes my stupidity (#51266)

* slightly less SHIT FUCK SHIT FUCK

* Turns out we do need this

* YaYeet

* That should do it

---
## [THEBOSS619/Note9-Zeus-Q10.0](https://github.com/THEBOSS619/Note9-Zeus-Q10.0)@[eafd71730b...](https://github.com/THEBOSS619/Note9-Zeus-Q10.0/commit/eafd71730be28aac9ffcbdc32e20497fa7d58fda)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 02:49:12 by Linus Torvalds

BACKPORT: mm: optimize PageWaiters bit use for unlock_page()

In commit 62906027091f ("mm: add PageWaiters indicating tasks are
waiting for a page bit") Nick Piggin made our page locking no longer
unconditionally touch the hashed page waitqueue, which not only helps
performance in general, but is particularly helpful on NUMA machines
where the hashed wait queues can bounce around a lot.

However, the "clear lock bit atomically and then test the waiters bit"
sequence turns out to be much more expensive than it needs to be,
because you get a nasty stall when trying to access the same word that
just got updated atomically.

On architectures where locking is done with LL/SC, this would be trivial
to fix with a new primitive that clears one bit and tests another
atomically, but that ends up not working on x86, where the only atomic
operations that return the result end up being cmpxchg and xadd.  The
atomic bit operations return the old value of the same bit we changed,
not the value of an unrelated bit.

On x86, we could put the lock bit in the high bit of the byte, and use
"xadd" with that bit (where the overflow ends up not touching other
bits), and look at the other bits of the result.  However, an even
simpler model is to just use a regular atomic "and" to clear the lock
bit, and then the sign bit in eflags will indicate the resulting state
of the unrelated bit #7.

So by moving the PageWaiters bit up to bit #7, we can atomically clear
the lock bit and test the waiters bit on x86 too.  And architectures
with LL/SC (which is all the usual RISC suspects), the particular bit
doesn't matter, so they are fine with this approach too.

This avoids the extra access to the same atomic word, and thus avoids
the costly stall at page unlock time.

The only downside is that the interface ends up being a bit odd and
specialized: clear a bit in a byte, and test the sign bit.  Nick doesn't
love the resulting name of the new primitive, but I'd rather make the
name be descriptive and very clear about the limitation imposed by
trying to work across all relevant architectures than make it be some
generic thing that doesn't make the odd semantics explicit.

So this introduces the new architecture primitive

    clear_bit_unlock_is_negative_byte();

and adds the trivial implementation for x86.  We have a generic
non-optimized fallback (that just does a "clear_bit()"+"test_bit(7)"
combination) which can be overridden by any architecture that can do
better.  According to Nick, Power has the same hickup x86 has, for
example, but some other architectures may not even care.

All these optimizations mean that my page locking stress-test (which is
just executing a lot of small short-lived shell scripts: "make test" in
the git source tree) no longer makes our page locking look horribly bad.
Before all these optimizations, just the unlock_page() costs were just
over 3% of all CPU overhead on "make test".  After this, it's down to
0.66%, so just a quarter of the cost it used to be.

(The difference on NUMA is bigger, but there this micro-optimization is
likely less noticeable, since the big issue on NUMA was not the accesses
to 'struct page', but the waitqueue accesses that were already removed
by Nick's earlier commit).

Acked-by: Nick Piggin <npiggin@gmail.com>
Cc: Dave Hansen <dave.hansen@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Bob Peterson <rpeterso@redhat.com>
Cc: Steven Whitehouse <swhiteho@redhat.com>
Cc: Andrew Lutomirski <luto@kernel.org>
Cc: Andreas Gruenbacher <agruenba@redhat.com>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [THEBOSS619/Note9-Zeus-Q10.0](https://github.com/THEBOSS619/Note9-Zeus-Q10.0)@[5deaf47af6...](https://github.com/THEBOSS619/Note9-Zeus-Q10.0/commit/5deaf47af6bd83eae1962b23749c68af05b6a91d)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 02:49:12 by Linus Torvalds

Minor page waitqueue cleanups

Tim Chen and Kan Liang have been battling a customer load that shows
extremely long page wakeup lists.  The cause seems to be constant NUMA
migration of a hot page that is shared across a lot of threads, but the
actual root cause for the exact behavior has not been found.

Tim has a patch that batches the wait list traversal at wakeup time, so
that we at least don't get long uninterruptible cases where we traverse
and wake up thousands of processes and get nasty latency spikes.  That
is likely 4.14 material, but we're still discussing the page waitqueue
specific parts of it.

In the meantime, I've tried to look at making the page wait queues less
expensive, and failing miserably.  If you have thousands of threads
waiting for the same page, it will be painful.  We'll need to try to
figure out the NUMA balancing issue some day, in addition to avoiding
the excessive spinlock hold times.

That said, having tried to rewrite the page wait queues, I can at least
fix up some of the braindamage in the current situation. In particular:

 (a) we don't want to continue walking the page wait list if the bit
     we're waiting for already got set again (which seems to be one of
     the patterns of the bad load).  That makes no progress and just
     causes pointless cache pollution chasing the pointers.

 (b) we don't want to put the non-locking waiters always on the front of
     the queue, and the locking waiters always on the back.  Not only is
     that unfair, it means that we wake up thousands of reading threads
     that will just end up being blocked by the writer later anyway.

Also add a comment about the layout of 'struct wait_page_key' - there is
an external user of it in the cachefiles code that means that it has to
match the layout of 'struct wait_bit_key' in the two first members.  It
so happens to match, because 'struct page *' and 'unsigned long *' end
up having the same values simply because the page flags are the first
member in struct page.

Cc: Tim Chen <tim.c.chen@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Kan Liang <kan.liang@intel.com>
Cc: Mel Gorman <mgorman@techsingularity.net>
Cc: Christopher Lameter <cl@linux.com>
Cc: Andi Kleen <ak@linux.intel.com>
Cc: Davidlohr Bueso <dave@stgolabs.net>
Cc: Peter Zijlstra <peterz@infradead.org>
Signed-off-by: Linus Torvalds <torvalds@linux-foundation.org>

---
## [line/bazel_rules_apple](https://github.com/line/bazel_rules_apple)@[7c549f9fa0...](https://github.com/line/bazel_rules_apple/commit/7c549f9fa0fe90949cd2610871147c2562e1fe88)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 07:43:42 by Thi Doãn

Extract swift_static_framework rule out of mixed_static_framework.

This is to improve the debugging experience of the Bazel based Xcode
project.

Currently we have the `swift_static_framework` rule as just a macro for
`mixed_static_framework` rule, mostly because they share many things in
the implementation details. However (probably) due to the many hacks in
the `mixed_static_framework` rule, some of debugger commands became
unusable when using the Bazel based Xcode project -- for instance, `po`
and `expr`. This patch extracts `swift_static_framework` out to a real
rule in an attempt to fix that.

The first culprit I found is the underlying Obj-C module map that we
generate for compiling the Swift part of the module -- although it
compiles fine, but when attaching the binary to the debugger,
`ClangImporter` still complains about redefinitions of the same module.
For pure Swift modules, that module map is unnecessary -- it's generated
but doesn't include any header -- so by extracting the
`swift_static_framework` rule out, we were able to remove that part.

This patch makes the above debugger commands work if you build something
that doesn't have any `mixed_static_framework` target in your build's
dependency graph.

---
## [gdouzwt/blog](https://github.com/gdouzwt/blog)@[a0cfb9223f...](https://github.com/gdouzwt/blog/commit/a0cfb9223f9c5fb2ce2ae5410c49dde29daf2eda)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 10:02:41 by 招文桃

change to Do What the Fuck You Want to Public License

---
## [pietergmail/v2_Adriaenssens_Herremans_Sateur_Vanhaeren_KassaApp_2019_2020](https://github.com/pietergmail/v2_Adriaenssens_Herremans_Sateur_Vanhaeren_KassaApp_2019_2020)@[f6ce69ace1...](https://github.com/pietergmail/v2_Adriaenssens_Herremans_Sateur_Vanhaeren_KassaApp_2019_2020/commit/f6ce69ace16a1e87e3e449f92d3e0d33234ef410)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 14:18:58 by pietergmail

refactoring everything so it actually uses the MVC patern correctly and uses observer, this took me over 15 hours but its finally done and i hate my life

---
## [EasyCorp/EasyAdminBundle](https://github.com/EasyCorp/EasyAdminBundle)@[1db1ece40b...](https://github.com/EasyCorp/EasyAdminBundle/commit/1db1ece40b768fb3b09412ccc16cbeaed5cf63ad)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 14:33:29 by Javier Eguiluz

bug #3262 Fixed the detection of the dashboard route (javiereguiluz)

This PR was squashed before being merged into the 3.0.x-dev branch.

Discussion
----------

Fixed the detection of the dashboard route

Current code was *naïve* and broke whenever you used a Symfony action inside the dashboard. This code works as expected in all cases (at least on my tests).

@wouterj sorry to bother you ... but this code calls to `$route->getRouteCollection();` and if I remember it right, you insisted that the method should not be used. In fact, Symfony Docs say exactly that: https://symfony.com/doc/current/routing.html#checking-if-a-route-exists

However, in my tests this method is fine. It's extremely fast and when looking at the source code: https://github.com/symfony/symfony/blob/466b70d6559e71f32532bfaa624d1917acdcd726/src/Symfony/Component/Routing/Router.php#L190  it looks like everything is cached so it's fast.

Am I missing something here? Thanks!

Commits
-------

018e9cbf Fixed the detection of the dashboard route

---
## [YaBoiBurner/dotfiles](https://github.com/YaBoiBurner/dotfiles)@[9b8438c0fc...](https://github.com/YaBoiBurner/dotfiles/commit/9b8438c0fce31484a73be6747efcb49ab5935c66)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 15:48:52 by Jaden Pleasants

Cock and ball torture

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

at en.wikipedia.org/

Cock and ball torture (CBT) is a sexual activity involving torture of the male genitals. This may involve directly painful activities, such as wax play, genital spanking, squeezing, ball-busting, genital flogging, urethral play, tickle torture, erotic electrostimulation or even kicking. The recipient of such activities may receive direct physical pleasure via masochism, from knowledge that the play is pleasing to a sadistic dominant.

Image: Electrostimulation applied on a penis.

Contents

Section 1: In pornography

Section 2: Ball stretcher

Section 3: Parachute

Section 4: Humbler

Section 5: Testicle Cuff

Section 1: In pornography

In occasion to its occasional role in BDSM pornography, tamakeri (lit. ball kicking) is a separate genre in Japan. One notable actress in tamakeri is Erika Nagai, who typically uses her marital art skills to knee or kick man in the testicles.

Section 2: Ball stretcher

A ball stretcher is a sex toy that is fastened around a man in order to elongate the scrotum and provide a feel of weight pulling the testicles away from the body. While leather stretcher are most common, other models are made of steel rings that are fastened with screws, causing additional mildly uncomfortable weight to the wearer. The length of the stretcher may vary from 1-4 inches, and the steel models can weight as much as five pounds.

Section 3: Parachute

A parachute is a small collar, usually made from leather, which fastens around the scrotum, and from which weights can be hung. Conical in shape, with three or four short chains hanging beneath, to which weights can be applied. Used as part of cock and ball torture within a BDSM relationship, the parachute provides a constant drag, and squeezing effet on the man's testicles, moderate weights from 3-5 kg can be suspended, especially during bondage. Smaller weights can be used when the man is free to move, when the swinging effect of the weight can restrict some movements, as well as providing a visual stimulus for the dominant partner.

Section 4: Humbler

A humbler is a BDSM physical restraint device used to restraint the movement of a submissive male partner in a BDSM scene. The humbler consists of a testicle cuff device that clamps around the base of the scrotum, mounted in the center of a bar that passes behind the thighs at the base of the buttocks. This forces the wearer to keep his legs forward, as any attempt to straighten the legs even slightly pulls directly on the scrotum, causing from considerable discomfort to extreme pain.

Section 5: Testicle cuff

A testicle cuff is a ring shaped device around the scrotum between the body and the testic-

---
## [KristiforMilchev/RokonoControl](https://github.com/KristiforMilchev/RokonoControl)@[5dd539fe84...](https://github.com/KristiforMilchev/RokonoControl/commit/5dd539fe84ddeb82cb514e05531ab06d8572a9e7)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 16:44:40 by dwarfdevelopment

Updating the database removing a wrong foreign key mapping in AssociatedChatNotifications -> ChatRooms to AssociatedChatNotifications -> ChatChannels, renaming ChatHub to MessageHub (Yes, that's what i was doing the past 12 hours trying to figure out why in the name of everything holy the debugger brakepoints didn't even hit when i was calling the method to test it out screw you SignalR as awesome as it is the hussle i worse but a nessecerry evil) Adding support to load default project channel on initial chat load, adding support to download all chat channel messages sent to a channel, adding user notifications turning the chat channel area red for new messages or mentions. Database generation scripts haven
t been updated with the recent change

---
## [milahu/TypeSquare](https://github.com/milahu/TypeSquare)@[e13824c6e3...](https://github.com/milahu/TypeSquare/commit/e13824c6e3ed89e63c6099160ea9bbce442e8f45)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 17:11:56 by milahu

add translation to four elements

according to
[decoding mbti](https://www.reddit.com/r/mbti/comments/ds3r3o/decoding_mbti_four_elements_alchemy_physiognomy/)

how to reduce mbti to four elements?
decode the "fancy names" and find similars.
here is my result, again translating from [ my dialect of ] alchemy to mbti.

table:

alchemy component	alchemy elements	mbti 1+2	mbti 3+4
psychotic tempo	fire + water	Introversion	Thinking
neurotic tempo	earth + air	Extraversion	Feeling
extravert mood	fire + air	iNtuition	Perceiving
introvert mood	earth + water	Sensing	Judging

alchemy components:

"psychotic tempo" types [fire + water] are more anti-social, distant, abstract, impersonal, prefer to work alone, rational, masculine bottom = narrow hips.

"neurotic tempo" types [earth + air] are more social, involved, empathetic, personal, seek harmony, avoid being alone, work in teams, feminine bottom = broad hips.

"extravert mood" types [fire + air] have high self-value, are easily distracted, only learn in retrospective, blind for the future, "no future", more regret than caution, minimally prepared, spontan, avoid planning, good association = good feelings + bad conscious, creative, improvise, variate, masculine top = broad shoulders, large bust, swollen lungs, pride, self love

"introvert mood" types [earth + water] have low self-value, are hard to distract, cautious, blind for the past, hate "revisionism" of history and tradition, plan, prepare, strong cognition = good conscious + bad feelings, repeat, routines, feminine top = narrow shoulders, flat bust, empty lungs, shame, self doubt

---
## [ddemerin/codeKatas](https://github.com/ddemerin/codeKatas)@[17a5582756...](https://github.com/ddemerin/codeKatas/commit/17a5582756648b31da7b1ef9cc6cf948b49f509c)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 17:31:33 by Daniel Demerin

Create  Responsible Drinking

Welcome to the Codewars Bar!
Codewars Bar recommends you drink 1 glass of water per standard drink so you're not hungover tomorrow morning.

Your fellow coders have bought you several drinks tonight in the form of a string. Return a string suggesting how many glasses of water you should drink to not be hungover.

Examples
"1 beer"  =>  "1 glass of water"
"1 shot, 5 beers and 1 glass of wine"  =>  "7 glasses of water"
Notes
To keep the things simple, we'll consider that anything with a number in front of it is a drink: "1 bear" => "1 glass of water" or "1 chainsaw and 2 pools" => "3 glasses of water"
The number in front of each drink lies in range [1; 9]

---
## [xamarin/xamarin-android](https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android)@[d236af5453...](https://github.com/xamarin/xamarin-android/commit/d236af54538ef1fe62d0125798cdde78e46dcd8e)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 19:00:30 by Marek Habersack

[Xamarin.Android.Build.Tasks] Add $(AndroidEnableAssemblyCompression) (#4686)

Currently, Xamarin.Android supports compression of managed assemblies
within the `.apk` if the app is built with
[`$(BundleAssemblies)`=True][0], with the compressed assembly data
stored within `libmonodroid_bundle_app.so` using gzip compression and
placed in an array inside the data section of the shared library.

There are two problems with this approach:

 1. `mkbundle` emits C code, which requires a C compiler which requires
    the full Android NDK, and thus requires Visual Studio Enterprise.

 2. Reliance on Mono's `mkbundle` results in possible issues around
    [filename globbing][1] such that
    `Xamarin.AndroidX.AppCompat.Resources.dll` is improperly treated
    as a [satellite assembly][2].

Because of (2), we are planning on [removing support][3] for
`$(BundleAssemblies)` in .NET 6 ([née .NET 5][4]), which resulted in
[some pushback][5] because `.apk` size is very important for some
customers, and the startup overheads we believed to be inherent to
`$(BundleAssemblies)` turned out to be somewhat over-estimated.

To resolve the above issues, add an assembly compression mechanism
that doesn't rely on `mkbundle` and the NDK: separately compress the
assemblies and store the compressed data within the `.apk`.
Compression is performed using the [managed implementation][6] of the
excellent [LZ4][7] algorithm.  This gives us a decent compression ratio
and a much faster (de)compression speed than gzip/zlib offer.  Also,
assemblies are stored directly in the APK in their usual directory,
which allows us to [**mmap**(2)][8] them in the runtime directly from
the `.apk`.  The build process calculates the size required to store
the decompressed assemblies and adds a data section to
`libxamarin-app.so` which causes *Android* to allocate all the required
memory when the DSO is loaded, thus removing the need of dynamic memory
allocation and making the startup faster.

Compression is supported only in `Release` builds and is enabled by
default, but it can be turned off by setting the
`$(AndroidEnableAssemblyCompression)` MSBuild property to `False`.
Compression can be disabled for an individual assembly by setting the
`%(AndroidSkipCompression)` MSBuild item metadata to True for the
assembly in question, e.g. via:

	<AndroidCustomMetaDataForReferences Include="MyAssembly.dll">
	  <AndroidSkipCompression>true</AssemblySkipCompression>
	</AndroidCustomMetaDataForReferences>

The compressed assemblies still use their original name, e.g.
`Mono.Android.dll`, so that we don't have to perform any string
matching on the runtime in order to detect whether the assembly we are
asked to load is compressed or not.  Instead, the compression code
*prepends* a short header to each `.dll` file (in pseudo C code):

	struct CompressedAssemblyHeader {
	    uint32_t magic;                 // 0x5A4C4158; 'XALZ', little-endian
	    uint32_t descriptor_index;      // Index into an internal assembly descriptor table
	    uint32_t uncompressed_length;   // Size of assembly, uncompressed
	};

The decompression code looks at the `mmap`ed data and checks whether
the above header is present.  If yes, the assembly is decompressed,
otherwise it's loaded as-is.

It is important to remember that the assemblies are compressed at
build time using LZ4 block compression, which requires assembly data
to be entirely loaded into memory before compression; we do this
instead of using the LZ4 frame format to make decompression at runtime
faster.  The compression output also requires a separate buffer, thus
memory consumption at *build* time will be roughly 1.5x the size of the
largest assembly, which is reused across all assemblies.


~~ Application Size ~~

A Xamarin.Forms "Hello World" application `.apk` shrinks by 27% with
this approach for a single ABI:

|    Before (bytes) |   LZ4 (bytes) |     Δ     |
|------------------:|--------------:|:---------:|
|        23,305,194 |    16,813,034 |  -27.85%  |

Size comparison between this commit and `.apk`s created with
`$(BundleAssemblies)` =True depends on the number of enabled ABI
targets in the application.  For each ABI, `$(BundleAssemblies)`=True
creates a separate shared library, so the amount of space consumed
increases by the size of the bundle shared library.

The new compression scheme shares the compressed assemblies among all
the enabled ABIs, thus effectively creating smaller multi-ABI `.apk`s.

In the tables below, `mkbundle` refers to the APK created with
`$(BundleAssemblies)`=True, `lz4` refers to the `.apk` build with
the new compression scheme:

|                                  ABIs |  mkbundle (bytes) |   LZ4 (bytes) |    Δ    |
|--------------------------------------:|------------------:|--------------:|---------|
|   armeabi-v7a, arm64-v8a, x86, x86_64 |        27,130,240 |    16,813,034 | -38.03% |
|                             arm64-v8a |         7,783,449 |     8,746,878 | +11.01% |

The single API case is ~11% larger because gzip offers better
compression, at the cost of higher runtime startup overhead.


~~ Startup Performance ~~

When launching the Xamarin.Forms "Hello World" application on a
Pixel 3 XL, the use of LZ4-compressed assemblies has at worst a ~1.58%
increase in the Activity Displayed time (64-bit app w/ assembly
preload enabled), while slightly faster on 32-bit apps, but is *always*
faster than the mkbundle startup time for all configurations:

|                                   |           |               |           |  LZ4 vs  |   LZ4 vs   |
|                       Description | None (ms) | mkbundle (ms) |  LZ4 (ms) |  None Δ  | mkbundle Δ |
|----------------------------------:|----------:|--------------:|----------:|:--------:|:----------:|
|     preload enabled; 32-bit build |     795.8 |         855.6 |     783.8 | -0.25% ✓ |  -7.22% ✓  |
|    preload disabled; 32-bit build |     777.1 |         843.0 |     780.5 | +0.44% ✗ |  -7.41% ✓  |
|     preload enabled; 64-bit build |     779.0 |         843.0 |     791.5 | +1.58% ✗ |  -6.82% ✓  |
|    preload disabled; 64-bit build |     776.0 |         841.6 |     781.5 | +0.69% ✗ |  -7.15% ✓  |


[0]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/android/deploy-test/release-prep/?tabs=windows#bundle-assemblies-into-native-code
[1]: https://github.com/xamarin/AndroidX/issues/64
[2]: https://github.com/mono/mono/blob/9b4736d4c271e9d4e04cafa258ddd58961f1a39f/mcs/tools/mkbundle/mkbundle.cs#L1315-L1317
[3]: https://github.com/xamarin/AndroidX/issues/64#issuecomment-609970584
[4]: https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/announcing-net-5-preview-4-and-our-journey-to-one-net/
[5]: https://github.com/xamarin/AndroidX/issues/64#issuecomment-610002467
[6]: https://www.nuget.org/packages/K4os.Compression.LZ4/
[7]: https://github.com/lz4/lz4
[8]: https://linux.die.net/man/2/mmap

---
## [YaBoiBurner/dotfiles](https://github.com/YaBoiBurner/dotfiles)@[2bd38ed534...](https://github.com/YaBoiBurner/dotfiles/commit/2bd38ed53402c039bf1684156a71e0abb5c87f02)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 19:54:49 by Jaden Pleasants

Horse cock is fucking mediocre

Okay, you know what? Im gonna say it.

Horse cock is fucking mediocre. You know why?

Because it lacks complexity. Canine cock has that glorious knot

"But horsecock has a flare!!!!" Yeah and after it cums its soft. Who wants a
partner with super short stamina? "But the flare keeps the cum inside you!!!"
For what? 15 seconds!? A knot does that too, for much longer, and its in just
the right place to press against your prostate/g-spot. So with each one of your
lovers heartbeats you can get propelled further into pleasure.

Or what about the luscious curved taper of a dolphin or orca? Thick at the base
and the taper makes it an easy adjustment for beginners wroldwide. Not to
mention they're PREHENSILE.

And hows about the barbed feline cock? It takes some getting used to for sure,
and its not for everyone. But those barbs can really take you to the next
level, the pain mixed in with the pleasure is exquisite.

Look at snakes and sharks! There's two dicks to play with.

Dragons have bumps and ridges, tapered and knotted, and every combination
between!!!

Alligators and crocodiles have dicks that are literally ALWAYS erect.

And don't even start on size. Last I checked, sex isn't all about the dick, as
a matter of fact you could say the cock is less than half of the important part
of sex.

Horsecock is just glorified, uncomfortable, human cock, with no merits other
than size, and thats a pretty fucking weak merit for this lauded "god of all
cocks".

---
## [Junait/Viki-Yadav](https://github.com/Junait/Viki-Yadav)@[a927b24720...](https://github.com/Junait/Viki-Yadav/commit/a927b24720dfa329b73be351f5c355a6c556afda)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 20:15:38 by Junait

 readme.md 

Please unban my pubg account i request you pubg Team I'm not using hacks . Rendm player he is hacker not mt friends please unban my account my account I'd=5228370109

---
## [PJemB/Jesus-Set-the-Captive-Free-Covid--19-Inhuman-NDIS-MP-Aidacare-Ripped-off-Disability-Funds](https://github.com/PJemB/Jesus-Set-the-Captive-Free-Covid--19-Inhuman-NDIS-MP-Aidacare-Ripped-off-Disability-Funds)@[851665e704...](https://github.com/PJemB/Jesus-Set-the-Captive-Free-Covid--19-Inhuman-NDIS-MP-Aidacare-Ripped-off-Disability-Funds/commit/851665e70428426a95dc1473caf4a8a69e025cfd)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 22:07:27 by PJemB

Aidacare rich CEO Sydney NSW Rip off Disabled Wheelchair 

Aidacare rich CEO Sydney NSW Rip off Disabled Wheelchair from lasy year 2019 to 27 May 2020 to leave disabled taxpayer war veterans to suffer injury and risk health and  lack safety and freedom,

The CEO staff Brett Hefferman agree on 26 May 2020 to pay back the refund for a $2,500 IGO wheelchair he had his staff Amanda Paterson to take it back and  teach man it is broken down junk rubbish they told it to rip off disability war veterans pensioners money .

HQ mobility Lyndall works to sell broken junk wheelchair she rips off all the money $2,500 and did not replace the wheelchair to keep breaching the Covid laws that enables the disabled citizens taxpayers and pensioners to travel to their daily freedom to live .

Despite the trauma and the innjuy Brett Hefferman and his hit and run staff all them did not care to injure the clients and now they get sued for breaching Disability Discrimination laws and the Covid laws that is for people to live free and safe.

The CEO for Aidacare and his poor staff they all earning their wages to use ring and write making agreements and promises to refund the money $2,500 and they con and steal the wheelchair refund back to keep misuse the money and time to deny health and safety to customers.

Pray that these people are closed down they are inhuman trap false detain Australian , USA and UK war veterans to earn their wages by their disgrace dishonest and untrustworthy service of hell hole rubbish .

Up to now Brett Hefferman and his staff passing around the clients funds paid to them $2,500 to force taxpayers to be ripped -  so they go on their luxury holidays and spend the rip off money on their own greedy unlawful service.

Now they must be sued taxpayers go on TV to expose these cheats .

God will not be mocked these cruel barbarians taking advantage of disability customers to hit and run and just rob the money.

they will not prosper from their bad behavious or enter  Heaven.

Jesus said  "Heaven is not for these sinners"" that steal from the poor and needy

---
## [zanezam/cpufreq-governor-zzmoove](https://github.com/zanezam/cpufreq-governor-zzmoove)@[fdd0700fd6...](https://github.com/zanezam/cpufreq-governor-zzmoove/commit/fdd0700fd6d9853e2902703c731cbbb068ea23bb)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 22:24:05 by ZaneZam

Version 1.0 Final (EOL)

This is a formal change by merging all the recent changes from the already
old 'develop' branch into a new final 1.0 version on variants 'exynos',
'snapdragon' and 'desktop' which all totally can be considered as end of life.
After 'some time' of beta state and after many successful implementations
over the years, at it's 'best times' running on tousands of devices in
different kernels, beeing stable as it currently is (used it for years 24/7
on all my meanwhile 10 devices, and still do!) and as it can be (well i have
to admit sometimes it was a beast!! *gg*) im going to make the almost 3 years
old 'develop' version finally the version 1.0 and consider it as stable.
By doing this i'm also closing this old development chapter by making the
'exynos,snapdragon and desktop' versions final and EOL. The 'develop' branch
is now obsolete and gets deleted.

Finally stable, phew what a journey! :)

Thx to all contributing devs and ppl who contributed with their ideas, tests
and nervs when it did 'mock around'! Last but not least thx to all of those
which let 'the beast' running on their devices! I hope u all enjoyed it like i did!

NOTE: Despite me beeing not as active as some years ago with development i
want to let u know that there meanwhile exists a 'big Little brother' (poor
one even has NO version number at all yet) of ZZMoove governor which is still
happily hopping around on 'newer' devices. Checkout the 'bLE-develop-*' branches
in this repo for details. This newer version exists already since about 3 years
and were already running in (meanwhile also EOL) boeffla kernels for the OnePlus 3/5
and also can be found in some recent OnePlus 6 kernels (at least in the ones i
fiddled recently *g*). By the way i shamelessly take the opportunity: If u still
have a OnePlus 6/6T u really you should consider trying one of these builds, more
info can be found here: https://github.com/zanezam/ZZupreme-Builds
ZZMoove still rocks by significantly influencing speed and battery usage in a
positive way! Just saying. :)

Enjoy!

---
## [bigdatov/khaitech](https://github.com/bigdatov/khaitech)@[64afd9cef7...](https://github.com/bigdatov/khaitech/commit/64afd9cef7078f6d503e1c39c08adaafbe73158d)
#### Tuesday 2020-05-26 22:57:17 by khaitech bigdatov

for the love of god plz work

my hypothesis is that now favicon will work on /cv/ permalink. yet still notion.so has to die because html rendered there is heavily unresponsive. look — i do get polyfills and all that — why don't you output html that is responsive like *your own* site. you're professionals for god sake! use your css grid magic and all the fancy w3c standards. ugh...

---

# [<](2020-05-25.md) 2020-05-26 [>](2020-05-27.md)

