# [<](2020-10-04.md) 2020-10-05 [>](2020-10-06.md)

2,850,485 events, 1,442,706 push events, 2,201,491 commit messages, 163,270,389 characters


## [dev-dwarf/ld47](https://github.com/dev-dwarf/ld47)@[008c39b63e...](https://github.com/dev-dwarf/ld47/commit/008c39b63ec5c5f7ac74358951f98d6652f6e395)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 02:43:48 by dev-dwarf

so much shit, im a fucking god tbh, not to

brag or anything tho

---
## [buttplugio/buttplug-rs](https://github.com/buttplugio/buttplug-rs)@[de3c5b7dee...](https://github.com/buttplugio/buttplug-rs/commit/de3c5b7deeb2e2eb83509cc7983912d809a3b579)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 05:42:36 by Kyle Machulis

feat: Add default battery reading implemenation

Add battery reading implementation for devices that have an actual
GATT battery service. God bless you, engineers who can actually follow
a fucking spec.

---
## [maveric-coder/python_practice](https://github.com/maveric-coder/python_practice)@[7630055114...](https://github.com/maveric-coder/python_practice/commit/763005511400dc7fae083bdfe70ca47bf9f8fada)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 07:46:50 by Anand

Create mandragora.py

https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mandragora/problem

The evil forest is guarded by vicious mandragoras. Garnet and her pet must make a journey through. She starts with  health point () and  experience points.

As she encouters each mandragora, her choices are:

Garnet's pet eats mandragora . This increments  by  and defeats mandragora .
Garnet's pet battles mandragora . This increases  by  experience points and defeats mandragora .
Once she defeats a mandragora, it is out of play. Given a list of mandragoras with various health levels, determine the maximum number of experience points she can collect on her journey.

For example, as always, she starts out with  health point and  experience points. Mandragoras have the following health values: . For each of the beings, she has two choices, at or attle. We have the following permutations of choices and outcomes:

Action  s   p
_______ _   __
e, e, e 4   0
e, e, b 3   15
e, b, b 2   14
b, b, b 1   10
b, b, e 2   10
b, e, e 3   9
b, e, b 2   16
e, b, e 3   6
Working through a couple of rows, first, her pet can eat all three and she does not gain any experience points. In the second row, her pet eats the first two to have  health points, then battles the beast with  heatlth points to gain  experience points. We see that the best option is to eat the beast with  points and battle the others to achieve  experience points.

Function Description

Complete the mandragora function in the editor below. It must return an integer that denotes the maximum number of experience points that Garnet can earn.

mandragora has the following parameter(s):

H: an array of integers that represents the health values of mandragoras
Input Format

The first line contains an integer, , denoting the number of test cases. Each test case is described over two lines:

The first line contains a single integer , the number of mandragoras in the forest.
The second line contains  space-separated integers describing the respective health points for the mandragoras .
Constraints

, where 
The sum of all s in a single test case is 
Output Format

For each test case, print a single line with an integer denoting the maximum number of experience points that Garnet can earn.

Sample Input

1
3
3 2 2
Sample Output

10 
Explanation

There are  mandragoras having the following health points: . Initially,  and . The following is an optimal sequence of actions for achieving the maximum number of experience points possible:

Eat the second mandragora ().  is increased from  to , and  is still .
Battle the first mandragora ().  remains the same, but  increases by  experience points.
Battle the third mandragora ().  remains the same, but  increases by  experience points.
Garnet earns  experience points.

---
## [MadJayQ/Ludum-Dare-47](https://github.com/MadJayQ/Ludum-Dare-47)@[e6f0d44977...](https://github.com/MadJayQ/Ludum-Dare-47/commit/e6f0d44977ce95eed4c8761e921d76d8909df1e3)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 09:04:27 by Dreamarchs

Encountered so many bugs last night, but never the less I did get some stuff done. Real Jank shit cause Unity is some serious next level stupid software, but I was persistent and overcome most of the problems in my was. Will continue tomorrow.

---
## [ravenshining/endless-sky](https://github.com/ravenshining/endless-sky)@[dad794e99f...](https://github.com/ravenshining/endless-sky/commit/dad794e99f069471cf927e49bbcfa034afef1aa2)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 09:21:11 by Nomadic Volcano

The Unfettered Hai food situation grows desperate as the environment
on Warfeed nears a catastrophic collapse. The Hai refuse to help
terraform Warfeed in fear it would make the Unfettered too strong, and
the Wanderer war effort is too slow to feed the masses. Tired of
insulting food donations from the Hai, the Unfettered turn to Captain
`<last>` for help setting up a large-scale smuggling operation.

This story drags you into the night side of endless sky, to marauders,
a Hai mafia, a Syndicate "off-shoot," crooked bounty hunters,
genetically modified humans, and even an insane six-year-old. As you
emerge, you're not sure you've done more good than harm.

The story is intended to be playable if you turn pirate. All stops
have clearance because everyone is asking you to do something illegal.

There is also a secret super-boss fight.

The main quest reward is a unique outfit; there is a short, follow-on,
Drak/Quarg, side-story to upgrade that outfit late in the game.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[3108753dcf...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/3108753dcff37aec5f53815b86f6e260b7c18262)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 10:55:24 by Marko Grdinić

"8:15am. It sometimes happens that I get up very early, but cannot fall back asleep. This was one of those times. It would not surprise me if my actual time of awakening was 2h ago.

Let me chill. I'll take it easy today.

I've made a lot of progress on designing the codegen. Predicably, all the difficulty I am encountering is figuring out how to do it efficiently and how to deal with nominal types. Nominals are where all the difficulty lies. I am still thinking about it.

8:25am. The truth is, I think I have enough in my head to start things off, but I want to take it easy today. I do not feel like it. I finished the partial evaluator at long last, and then I brainstormed the codegen.

I am also thinking how to get funds.

I have two options.

1) Get a salary.
2) Get sponsors for Spiral.

I am running various simulations in my head and am starting to realize that the second option is actually far superior to the first one.

As an example what I mean, suppose I was rockstar programmer with a titanium solid reputation for delivering. What would be the realistic salary for me?

From what I've seen, regular programmers in Europe make between 5-10k per month depending on their seniority and area. In the Valley, I think this goes higher, to above 10k. So I'll assume that 10-20k would be a very good monthly salary range. And I won't mention the cost of living in those places.

Suppose I enter negotiations with Intel or something. And suppose they are interested in Spiral, but instead of paying me 3k per month, they want to make me an exclusive offer.

'How much?'

I fire off 20-30k and say that I'd accept their offer right away at 25k per month. As soon as their eyes stop bugging out, I'd point out that 20-30k is not that much.

For example, there are a whole bunch of AI hardware startups. Probably I can find 5 of them interested in sponsoring Spiral. Times 3k, that is already 15k per month already. Factoring in the MS Github program that matches outside contributions and that it +5k per month right there. This comes to 20k per month already.

But if I can find 5 sponsors, I could probably find a few more, so 25k per month would not be too much to ask for.

8:40am. Still this is just my imagination.

I think even if I asked for this much I am unlikely to get it despite well grounded reasoning. There is actual rational reason for that - ultimately, a single company cannot bear the expenditure that the whole market can.

Consider the latest GPU and CPU trends. GTX 3080 is indeed much faster than the previous generation, but NVidia is starting to ramp up the power consumption to get to the same level, so the actual perf increase per watt is only 30%. In a few generations, Moore's Law will die for the GPUs as well, much like it has for CPUs.

CPUs are pretty much dry (and are even heading in the opposite direction thanks to security issues), and GPUs do not have that much room left.

So for, I've been assuming that 50 hardware startups is an anomalous number and this will go down to a few, but who knows, maybe we are entering a new golden age of hardware, and hardware will be the new software.

8:45am. The degree of hardware exploration rather than going down in the next decade might even go up.

In that case, suppose that the realistic number of sponsors I can bear for Spiral is over 20.

Would any company ever accede to a 60k per month salary regardless of how good and well known the guy requesting it is? No way.

60k per month is bathing in a pool of money scenario - in Croatia that would be 5 yearly salaries in a single month. But it is not that insane to consider selling an expensive product to a few dozen people.

8:50am. Ultimately, this thought experiment is making me realize that how much I will make really depends on how aggressively I chase after sponsors.

The more I work on Spiral and its libraries the better its value proposition will be. By all means I should do that Python backend and the editor support features for it.

Chasing after sponsors is one aspect of it, but in fact, before the dominant piece of hardware and the dominant algorithms emerge, I should cast my net widely. There is no need to get myself married to Intel or any other company.

8:50am. All this is actually perfect.

I had to suffer poverty for a long time. It is not like I had not thought of this back in 2018, but I did not think Spiral was good enough at that time.

At that time I was still using F# text strings to write Spiral code in, and rightfully I thought that this would be repelant. I was enamored with Spiral's expressiveness and power, but deep down I thought that a professional language should have editor support and be easier to program in.

I would have admitted as much. Even back at the end of 2018 when I had enough of Spiral, that did not change my feelings on join points and staged functional programming. It is just - you can only push a simplistic story so far.

As a tool for making ML libraries v0.09 was a win. But it was a loss at being a easy to use language at scale.

I made this same mistake during my trading days when I tried pushing trend following as a system well beyond what is performance bounds could be expected. I also saw it below me to get a job in order to get a trading stake. This was dumb if conventient.

But on balance all that experience of failure did have benefits. I might not have made money from it, but trading did buy me time and forced me to look at the future where I saw the Singularity. And v0.09 will pave the wave for v0.2.

I really do not think I could have just started with v0.2. v0.09 would just be a toy to me now, but back then it really took me everything I had to bring it out. My past programming experience is a big help now that I am doing v0.2.

The redpill is - I'll have to fail and experiment in order to get my victory.

Yeah, sure if I get trucked back to my childhood days, I could play it much more differently now. But back then, if I did not have today's experience, I'd get much the same results.

9:15am. Wanting to go to the past is just indulgence. The real deal is wanting to go to the future.

The future does not look too bad. I'll finish Spiral v0.2 and then do what I wanted in 2018 expect now other people will be paying me to do what I want out of my own volition. I will have a better language and better hardware to make my attempt. The algorithms will be better.

So I cannot give up. I will keep struggling and going forward.

9:25am. I pretty much wasted the last hour. I'll skip the morning sessions today. That is what I feel like doing. Let me chill, watch the second half of the Mahouka movie, have breakfast. Then I will start.

I won't obligate myself to put a chunk into the codegen like I said I would yesterday. When I feel like doing work, I will just sit down and try to get something out.

11:30am. Done with breakfast. Let me chill for 15m more or so and I will start.

11:50am. Let me start. I do not know how much I will do today, but starting form here till 6pm I am going to sit tight and try to push forward.

The code generator is the last hurdle before I have something useful on my hands. I've allowed myself to jusbilant for a bit, but now it is time to struggle again. I won't have too much to do. I'll manage this.

How great you are, and how much you've done in the past does not matter. The problem in front of you is always the hardest one. You are never spared from the expenditure of energy needed to move forward. Such is life.

12pm. I want to talk a little bit more about bargaining since my thoughts are still echoing in that direction.

Basically, everything in the 5-20k range does not interest me at all because I should be able to garner that much support with Spiral. If I apply at a big well paying company, assuming I really impress the other party I could realistically get 10-15k per month at best.

Which is not a small amount of money. It is huge money relative to my local standards. Especially so for what would be remote work.

12:05pm. This matter of money is matter of justice for me. Forget getting a salary. Like any good programmer, I am on the ascent to transcendence. The Singularity is beckoning to me.

You would not expect such a person to work 9-5. Rather you would expect the pursuit of the path itself to nurture him.

After I deal with the code generator and tie it all up, I am going to get the benefit that I desperately need to move to the next step. All my pointless effort will turn out to be not so pointless after all.

I kind of feel this is the overlooked aspect of scientific endeavors.

You can't just mindlessly explore. Rather the point is to find food in unknown and strange places.

12:10pm. If I can get 3k at most, then that is fine. If I can get 15k then that is even better. If I can get 60k that would be great. Even the minimum is worth doing this for.

So I don't need any hesitation. I just need to keep going forward, doing what I've already been doing.

12:15pm. Focus me.

...

My sleep tonight was actually that great, so the fatigue is hitting me right now. If I'd really slept well I'd have gotten up at 9am. And even though I've been agonizing about the codegen on the side, I do not really feel too inspired as to what the first step will be.

12:20pm. In that case, the best thing to do is to just get the drudge work out of the way.

Remember how I decided to annotate the various servers.

```fs
term_scope s x, {|method=join_point_method; closure=join_point_closure; ty_to_data=ty_to_data|}
```

Let me take this and I will put it into a proper record.

12:20pm.

```fs
type PartEvalResult = {
    join_point_method : Dictionary<E,Dictionary<ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty []>,TypedBind [] option * Ty option> * HashConsTable>
    }
```

It is actually fairly tedious to write these out. But I need to do it.

12:25pm.

```fs
type PartEvalResult = {
    join_point_method : Dictionary<E,Dictionary<ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty []>,TypedBind [] option * Ty option> * HashConsTable>
    join_point_closure : Dictionary<E,Dictionary<ConsedNode<RData [] * Ty [] * Ty>,TypedBind [] option> * HashConsTable>
    ty_to_data : Ty -> Data
    }
```

```fs
term_scope s x, {join_point_method=join_point_method; join_point_closure=join_point_closure; ty_to_data=ty_to_data}
```

This works out. Now I can pass this into codegen as a part of the result.

12:30pm. Focus me, focus. How about I just in fact do that and pass it then? There is no point in waiting.

12:40pm.

```fs
type CodegenEnv =
    {
    stmts : StringBuilder
    indent : int
    join_points : Tagger<JoinPointKey>
    types : Tagger<Ty>
    }

    member x.NewDefinition = {x with stmts = StringBuilder()}
    member x.Statement s =
        x.stmts
            .Append(' ', x.indent)
            .AppendLine s
        |> ignore

    member x.Text s = x.Statement s
    member x.Indent = {x with indent=x.indent+4}
```

I am just tying up the last bit of loose ends in my head.

On the F# side, I do not need to print every type. The ones that need printing are union types and layout types. `YUnion` and `YLayout`. Unions will get compiled to F# unions, and layout types to F# records. That is the way to go here.

Ok...before I start, I need to do a last bit of ground work.

In the last few years, F# has gotten new features, amongst them struct tuples. I never used them, but when it comes time to write documentation I do not want to waste time explaining why I am compiling regular types to heap allocated tuples. Let me just play with them a little.

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fsharp/language-reference/tuples

Ah, I see.

```fs
let x = struct (1,2)
```

Ok, this is easy enough. It needs parenths everywhere and it is a bit awkward to use, but it will do nicely.

If this were C, I'd need to make a separate struct type for everything. Reusing this will make the generated code more readable.

12:50pm. Let me take a short break here."

---
## [krz8/accretions](https://github.com/krz8/accretions)@[d38632febf...](https://github.com/krz8/accretions/commit/d38632febfcd71097bcc211f4f07a43a85e4ccdb)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 11:03:54 by Bob Krzaczek

Put working ASDF stuff into place

Broke out some definition from spv.lisp into misc.lisp; this lets us
get rid of the (imho) ugly eval-when sillyness, everything is compiled
and loaded before it's used in spv.lisp now.

Started working towards the "all" package which should be the simple
unsurprising single package that includes all the others.

Oh, yeah, I left out spvp.  That's in there now.

---
## [cristianmiranda/dotfiles](https://github.com/cristianmiranda/dotfiles)@[b56a87a091...](https://github.com/cristianmiranda/dotfiles/commit/b56a87a0916a6d22f7e55ba2e83f7171cdb0419a)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 14:28:30 by Cristian Miranda

:memo: apps: Install these manually (fuck you apple)

---
## [MitchelValentine/DrPoppa-Reverse](https://github.com/MitchelValentine/DrPoppa-Reverse)@[00c64981f9...](https://github.com/MitchelValentine/DrPoppa-Reverse/commit/00c64981f9c168909e9755b96c3ff1e4ee04fd2b)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 14:56:53 by Saint

fuck your "bytecode" charlie, who needs to dump constants when you have regex? LOL

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[7440a050e0...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/7440a050e0ffbba6f5110a7106582d45d759c5aa)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 16:51:29 by Marko Grdinić

"2:15pm. Because of all the chores, the break turned out to be quite long.

2:20pm.

```fs
exception CodegenError of string
exception CodegenErrorWithPos of Trace * string
let raise_codegen_error x = raise (CodegenError x)
let raise_codegen_error' trace x = raise (CodegenErrorWithPos(trace,x))
```

Can't forget this.

2:25pm. I know I spent a lot of time ever since getting up seemingly doing nothing, but interally I am in turmoil. My brain has really been churning away at it.

2:35pm.

```fs
let lit = function
    | LitInt8 x -> sprintf "%iy" x
    | LitInt16 x -> sprintf "%is" x
    | LitInt32 x -> sprintf "%i" x
    | LitInt64 x -> sprintf "%iL" x
    | LitUInt8 x -> sprintf "%iuy" x
    | LitUInt16 x -> sprintf "%ius" x
    | LitUInt32 x -> sprintf "%iu" x
    | LitUInt64 x -> sprintf "%iUL" x
    | LitFloat32 x ->
        if x = infinityf then "infinityf"
        elif x = -infinityf then "-infinityf"
        elif Single.IsNaN x then "nanf"
        else sprintf "%ff" x
    | LitFloat64 x ->
        if x = infinity then "infinity"
        elif x = -infinity then "-infinity"
        elif Double.IsNaN x then "nan"
        else sprintf "%f" x
    | LitString x ->
        let strb = StringBuilder(x.Length)
        strb.Append '"' |> ignore
        String.iter (function
            | '"' -> strb.Append "\\\""
            | '\b' -> strb.Append @"\b"
            | '\t' -> strb.Append @"\t"
            | '\n' -> strb.Append @"\n"
            | '\r' -> strb.Append @"\r"
            | '\\' -> strb.Append @"\\"
            | x -> strb.Append x
            >> ignore
            ) x
        strb.Append '"' |> ignore
        strb.ToString()
    | LitChar x ->
        match x with
        | '\b' -> @"\b"
        | '\n' -> @"\n"
        | '\t' -> @"\t"
        | '\r' -> @"\r"
        | x -> string x
        |> sprintf "'%s'"
    | LitBool x -> if x then "true" else "false"
```

This function can be separate from the rest. I do not need to pass the env into it. I've also filled in the '\b' case.

```fs
let codegen (dex : ExternalLangEnv) x =
    let def_main = {
        keywords = dex.keywords
        stmts = StringBuilder()
        indent = 0
        join_points = Tagger()
        types = Tagger()
        }
    let def_types = def_main.NewDefinition
    let def_join_points = def_main.NewDefinition

    binds def_main x
```

Now the way this thing is done does not fit me anymore. I like one big function that has a bunch of smaller things in scope.

That feels more like the recent me. Let me use that.

```fs
type CodegenEnv =
    {
    stmts : StringBuilder
    indent : int
    }

let new_env () = {stmts = StringBuilder(); indent=0}
let line x s = x.stmts.Append(' ', x.indent).AppendLine s |> ignore
let indent x = {x with indent=x.indent+4}
```

Brevity is the essence of wit.

3:50pm. I am not really slacking. I am still thinking about it intently.

4:05pm. Ok, ok...

I think at this point I've thought this through enough. At this point I understand enough to see why I came to the conclussion that code generation is actually really easy.

4:10pm. Ahhh, I forgot...

```fs
| true, None -> raise_type_error (add_trace s r) "Type join points must not be unboxed during their definition."
```

I forgot that this acts like a guard for recursive cycles during partial evaluation. Wonderful, simply wonderful...

No wait...

...No they won't be unboxed during their definition. This won't trigger for anything except maybe pattern matching in terms.

It won't gaurd against cycles or blowups in nominal definitions.

But that is fine. I do not want to bother with termination checking of type definitions.

4:30pm. I am still thinking about it. Right now I am thinking how to do the distinction between regular and recursive union types. That will be something for a future version of Spiral.

5:45pm. Done with lunch. I am still thinking about it.

Anyway...I've more or less completely resolved the codegen issues in my mind. I feel that one day would be enough to knock it out.

That having said, now that I am thinking things through in depth from the perspective of codegen, I am realizing that the language has some design issues, especially around nominals. Here is how I am going to fix those issues.

1) First of all, make `nominal` non-recursive. I know that I introduced nominals so I could do recursive type level functions, but the only place where they make sense is on recursive union types and that is where I will restrict them. I've been too lead astray by their possibilities, just because it says `nominal` does not mean it has to be recursive.

2) Introduce the `union struct` type. This will just be the stack allocated union. I'll wrap it in a nominal type like the recursive union version, but obviously this one will be a singleton definition and non-recursive. During typechecking there won't be any difference between the two, but the partial evaluator will make a distinction and so will the codegen.

3) I'll make the `union` types the only thing that can form recursive type level blocks.

5:55pm. I spent a lot of time thinking about regular nominals. There are a lot of ways they can cause the partial evaluator to diverge that would not happen in the typechecker. Their current semantics would make sense if they are heap allocated by default, but as they aren't I really should have had more restraint.

...Actually I do not want to introduce another keyword to the language. Instead I will make recursive union types `union rec`. Could that together with `and union`.

I am going to give the code generator a pause tomorrow and instead focus on implementing today's ideas. It won't be too hard. That way when I get back to codegen I'll be able to put things in all at once.

6:05pm. I thought of adding separate cases, but just like for layout type I think I'll make it a field for whether the union type is `UHeap` or `UStruct`.

6:10pm.

```fs
type [<ReferenceEquality>] TopStatement =
    | TopAnd of Range * TopStatement
    | TopInl of Range * (Range * VarString) * RawExpr * is_top_down: bool
    | TopRecInl of Range * (Range * VarString) * RawExpr * is_top_down: bool
    | TopNominal of Range * (Range * VarString) * HoVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopUnion of Range * (Range * VarString) * HoVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopUnionRec of Range * (Range * VarString) * HoVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopType of Range * (Range * VarString) * HoVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopPrototype of Range * (Range * VarString) * (Range * VarString) * TypeVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopInstance of Range * (Range * VarString) * (Range * VarString) * TypeVar list * RawExpr
```

As preparation for tomorrow, let me add two new cases in the parser.

6:25pm.

```fs
    | TopNominal of Range * (Range * VarString) * HoVar list * RawTExpr
    | TopNominalRec of Range * (Range * VarString) * HoVar list * RawTExpr
```

This is the right thing to do. Instead of making a distinction between nominals, union and recursive unions, on the top level the distinction should be between nominals.

```fs
let process_union (r,(n,layout,a,b)) _ =
    match duplicates DuplicateUnionKey (List.map (fun (r,(a,_)) -> r,a) b) with
    | [] ->
        let r' = List.map fst b |> List.reduce (+.)
        let b = List.map snd b
        match layout with
        | UnionHeap -> Ok(TopNominalRec(r,n,a,RawTUnion(r',Map.ofList b,layout)))
        | UnionStruct -> Ok(TopNominal(r,n,a,RawTUnion(r',Map.ofList b,layout)))
    | er -> Error er

let union_clauses d =
    let process_clause x _ =
        match x with
        | RawTPair(r,RawTSymbol(_,a),b) -> Ok(r,(a,b))
        | _ -> Error [range_of_texpr x, ExpectedPairedSymbolInUnion]
    let bar = bar (col d)
    (optional bar >>. sepBy1 (root_type root_type_defaults >>= process_clause) bar) d
let top_union d = ((range (tuple4 (skip_keyword SpecUnion >>. read_type_var') ((skip_keyword SpecRec >>% UnionHeap) <|>% UnionStruct) (many ho_var .>> skip_op "=") union_clauses)) >>= process_union) d
```

```fs
let and_top_union d = top_and ((range (tuple4 (skip_keyword SpecUnion >>. read_type_var') (fun _ -> Ok UnionHeap) (many ho_var .>> skip_op "=") union_clauses)) >>= process_union) d
```

This is how I do it.

6:35pm. Did a bunch of refactoring in `Blockize` and `TypecheckingUtils`. Tomorrow I will deal with the other phases. It won't be too hard. And then I will lick the code generator.

6:40pm. Nominals really are something that need streamlining. Good language design should limit the degree of possible compiler divergences to the minimum. Also I keep thinking how important struct union are, but the language does not have them. Pathetic. I could definitely do better than this. And I will.

6:45pm. I am so into it right now. I actually feel like going to bed earlier just so I can go to sleep earlier, get rested earlier and start tomorrow's programming day earlier.

The next few days are going to be great programming wise.

I am finally going to complete v0.2 in full. It will have all its features and all its phases. Today I might not have done much except think, but tomorrow the consequences of that will be seen."

---
## [outfrost/ld47](https://github.com/outfrost/ld47)@[d48b79dac6...](https://github.com/outfrost/ld47/commit/d48b79dac630bf1c05e701f45428a2c7148c2fda)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 17:43:50 by outfrost

Fix character scaling (fuck your armature, Blender)

---
## [slavefreetradegithub/libertas_people](https://github.com/slavefreetradegithub/libertas_people)@[0f4f479f34...](https://github.com/slavefreetradegithub/libertas_people/commit/0f4f479f34cd54faf17c1cf52a8e6c2be80ab67c)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 18:00:16 by Peter Irving

checkout TestQualtricsRemoteApiPage in the home menu, you wshould be able to fetch all surveys, start a session, fetch asession based on ID and answer questions. The answer text question and answer mc questions will need to be edited to make sure you are answering the right type of question. Sorry its kinda ugly but those api calls should work

---
## [mccrebekah/codecademy_python](https://github.com/mccrebekah/codecademy_python)@[0f5610d1a7...](https://github.com/mccrebekah/codecademy_python/commit/0f5610d1a7ace0f6315f5df68921984c540fcd32)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 21:14:05 by Rebekah McCullough

Create project_syntax

We’ve decided to pursue the dream of small-business ownership and open up a furniture store called Lovely Loveseats for Neat Suites on Fleet Street. With our newfound knowledge of Python programming, we’re going to build a system to help speed up the process of creating receipts for your customers.
In this project, we will be storing the names and prices of a furniture store’s catalog in variables. You will then process the total price and item list of customers, printing them to the output terminal.
Tasks
Adding In The Catalog
1. Let’s add in our first item, the Lovely Loveseat that is the store’s namesake. Create a variable called lovely_loveseat_description and assign to it the following string:
Lovely Loveseat. Tufted polyester blend on wood. 32 inches high x 40 inches wide x 30 inches deep. Red or white.
2. Great, now let’s create a price for the loveseat. Create a variable lovely_loveseat_price and set it equal to 254.00.
3. Let’s extend our inventory with another characteristic piece of furniture! Create a variable called stylish_settee_description and assign to it the following string:
Stylish Settee. Faux leather on birch. 29.50 inches high x 54.75 inches wide x 28 inches deep. Black.
4. Now let’s set the price for our Stylish Settee. Create a variable stylish_settee_price and assign it the value of 180.50.
5. Fantastic, we just need one more item before we’re ready for business. Create a new variable called luxurious_lamp_description and assign it the following:
Luxurious Lamp. Glass and iron. 36 inches tall. Brown with cream shade.
6. Let’s set the price for this item. Create a variable called luxurious_lamp_price and set it equal to 52.15.
7. In order to be a business, we should also be calculating sales tax. Let’s store that in a variable as well.
Define the variable sales_tax and set it equal to .088. That’s 8.8%.
Our First Customer
8. Our first customer is making their purchase! Let’s keep a running tally of their expenses by defining a variable called customer_one_total. Since they haven’t purchased anything yet, let’s set that variable equal to 0 for now.
9. We should also keep a list of the descriptions of things they’re purchasing. Create a variable called customer_one_itemization and set that equal to the empty string "". We’ll tack on the descriptions to this as they make their purchases.
10. Our customer has decided they are going to purchase our Lovely Loveseat! Add the price to customer_one_total.
11. Let’s start keeping track of the items our customer purchased. Add the description of the Lovely Loveseat to customer_one_itemization.
12. Our customer has also decided to purchase the Luxurious Lamp! Let’s add the price to the customer’s total.
13. Let’s keep the itemization up-to-date and add the description of the Luxurious Lamp to our itemization.
14. They’re ready to check out! Let’s begin by calculating sales tax. Create a variable called customer_one_tax and set it equal to customer_one_total times sales_tax.
15. Add the sales tax to the customer’s total cost.
16. Let’s start printing up their receipt! Begin by printing out the heading for their itemization. Print the phrase "Customer One Items:".
17. Print customer_one_itemization.
18. Now add a heading for their total cost: Print out "Customer One Total:"
19. Now print out their total! Our first customer now has a receipt for the things they purchased.
20. Congratulations! We created our catalog and served our first customer. We used our knowledge of strings and numbers to create and update variables. We were able to print out an itemized list and a total cost for our customer. Lovely!

---
## [OrdinaryMagician/swwmgz_m](https://github.com/OrdinaryMagician/swwmgz_m)@[aabc9de051...](https://github.com/OrdinaryMagician/swwmgz_m/commit/aabc9de0512bd5e4bfbbbc0f4556194e2706fcb1)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 21:31:06 by Marisa Kirisame

0.9.10b release (oh boy where do I start):
 - New fun options implemented (omnibusting, unlimited fuel, party time)
 - Biospark Carbine gets a requested nerf
 - Candygun combo fire has been buffed (watch out for that splash damage)
 - All powerup effects are additive (stacc 'em)
 - Automap hud respects gzdoom's cvars for toggling certain elements
 - Automap hud shows stats and times in gold when 100% / under par
 - Weapons and ammo are no longer affected by skill amount modifiers, for balance (and to avoid any weird glitches)
 - Sorting improvements for menu (weapons by slot, ammo by weapons, other items by value, etc.)
 - Grilled Cheese Sandwich now saves you from lethal falls properly
 - Blown kisses instakill nazis
 - Added non-violent Keen replacement (based on "Less mean-spirited Keen replacement" by SiFi270)
 - Added gib deaths for hell nobles, pinkies, cacos, revs and viles (sprites by Amuscaria and Ryan Cordell)
 - Blown kisses can activate use switches
 - Gestures can be chained by pressing a gesture button while another is playing
 - Fixed Grilled Cheese Sandwich not avoiding telefrags properly (now also works with voodoo dolls)
 - More precise weapon kill tracking (fixes some ragekit quirks)
 - Merge both DLC weaponsets, removing redundant weapons (see FuturePlans.md)
 - Discarded some collectables for the next updates, to save time
 - Preparation work for collectables update, including some (partial) lore files
 - Remove ammo fabricators from store, makes no sense to have them when you can just buy ammo directly
 - Cosmetic Boss Brain sprite replacements, just for fun
 - 10 more intermission tips, because yes
 - Added option to reduce distance at which enemy healthbars are picked
 - Various minor bugfixes and adjustments (and also some tiny typo fixes)
 - Ragekit now heals over time and with each hit (so it's more rewarding to go wild)
 - PNG optimization pass (again lol)
 - Fix crouched gestures having no facial animation

---
## [rgb-master-team/RGBMaster](https://github.com/rgb-master-team/RGBMaster)@[ce37c53b24...](https://github.com/rgb-master-team/RGBMaster/commit/ce37c53b2497f3633b2ed19f6112934a3697ce61)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 21:42:41 by Dean Kevorkian

God I am so unbelievably fucking stupid. Fixed issue where the initial attempt to check if the used MagicHome protocol is LEDENET had to be checksumed - contrary to us deciding 'Oh, lets assume checksum isnt needed at first and realize if its needed by the protocol itself although if it did it would've required the checksum'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

---
## [open-osrs/runelite](https://github.com/open-osrs/runelite)@[e38c3ebc61...](https://github.com/open-osrs/runelite/commit/e38c3ebc61c63d03a34249ce03b53afc0737149c)
#### Monday 2020-10-05 21:58:07 by ThatGamerBlue

yes this is a master commit no i dont care fuck you :)

---

# [<](2020-10-04.md) 2020-10-05 [>](2020-10-06.md)

