# [<](2020-12-04.md) 2020-12-05 [>](2020-12-06.md)

1,997,735 events, 1,149,056 push events, 1,621,683 commit messages, 97,546,597 characters


## [molsonkiko/Blood_For_Bludd_Chess](https://github.com/molsonkiko/Blood_For_Bludd_Chess)@[b584b2c0f6...](https://github.com/molsonkiko/Blood_For_Bludd_Chess/commit/b584b2c0f6d181d4ae3da54053d872c9dadcd9d3)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 00:24:54 by molsonkiko

Essential files for running the game

For this game to run, the directory containing the files should have the following structure:
PARENT
    bluddGame.htm
    gameStyles.css
    scripts
        bludgame.js
    viking pics
        bloodred.jpg
        skyblue.jpg
        Bludd.png
    red
        red queen.png
        red king.png
        red Rook.png
        red Knight.png
        red Bishop.png
        red pawn.png
    blue
        as the red directory, except sub blue for red.
Artist credit to Mark Behm of Wizards of the Coast for the image on Bludd.png. The image is a cropped portion of the art for the card Grothama, All-Devouring, from the "Battlebond" set of Magic: the Gathering (copyright 2018). Please don't sue me, Wizards. Your art is amazing.
The images on the chess pieces, though, are totally my own. I made them in Powerpoint.

---
## [jnqnfe/pulse-binding-rust](https://github.com/jnqnfe/pulse-binding-rust)@[c96585557d...](https://github.com/jnqnfe/pulse-binding-rust/commit/c96585557d525f051e8dfcbb3034378036049cbc)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 01:20:27 by Lyndon Brown

ditch `pa_latest` and `pa_latest_common` features, use `pa_v8` as default

the 'latest' aliases were a bad idea, they are a pain to maintain.
 - already i've messed up by forgetting to update `pa_latest` to point to
   `pa_v14` after adding `pa_v14`.
 - additionally it took some time for me to remember that i should update
   `pa_latest_common` to `pa_v13` after `pa_v13` had been around for a
   while.

the whole concept is flawed and not very useful to users. i've decided it's
not worth the trouble and i'm getting rid.

as for the default, i've somewhat arbitrarily decided to choose `pa_v8` as
the new default. this matches the version in the default Ubuntu environment
used for travis builds, which is a couple of big Ubuntu releases behind
now, so PA v8 is pretty solidly "common" now. PA v12 is perhaps ever so
slightly too recent to jump to, even if we did have `pa_v13` as the
default up until now.

support older than v8 is only there really because it was easy to offer.
we don't really _need_ to drop the default interface that far. v8 is a
good place to sit. fundamentally though users have full control over
choice, this is just about how much to put in place, and more importantly
what minimum version to force via pkg-config for users adding a dependency
on use without yet exploring the available version controls. again, v8
seems a good place to sit on.

worth noting at this point is that enhancements are being made to rustdoc
to provide controls such as `#[cfg(doc)]`, allowing detection of compiling
in doc generation mode, which we can use at some point to replace use of
the `dox` feature. additionally there will be means to tag things with the
feature necessary to enable it, with that appearing in the docs. so we
definitely want to move to a position where we always include all versioned
stuff for doc generation.

---
## [pbanj/tools-menu](https://github.com/pbanj/tools-menu)@[dc45223916...](https://github.com/pbanj/tools-menu/commit/dc45223916a3a8688b0aa538b62506925e2bc36b)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 02:41:16 by pbanj

lots of shit just to add environmental variables

- redid menus to get around microsofts stupid fucking limit.
- settings is now its own menu.
- restart explorer, file types, sfc, and hidden files moved to a new sub menu under tools.
- added environmental variables in the new "scripts & tools" submenu so you can edit your path easily.
- clicking the "system" option in settings now brings you to about instead of display.
- each time you click regedit it now opens a new window to make multitasking and editing easier.

---
## [ca2/app](https://github.com/ca2/app)@[3ad9f982ef...](https://github.com/ca2/app/commit/3ad9f982ef2664b0ecf51478db600f131c6a2bf0)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 02:41:57 by Camilo Sasuke Thomas Borregaard Sørensen

[Ubuntu20.10/Linux] CMake and CLion as Build/Development Alternative

<3tbs, Mummi and bilbo!!

Thomas ONE-MAN ABSOLUTE <3!!

Mummi Friday-late-night-aware-presence at Music Room!!

bilbo very tired at resting (and taking care of himself) at bed and now over the keyboard (my dear office boy)!!

sodapoppin and friends contribution!!

iAssyrian chatting contribution!!

Roxkstar74 sleeping streaming contribution!!

kissloryshy chatting contribution!!

blackjekko from Padova Italia through twitch C++/ca2 interest contribution!!

boflux (Ben, Spoofh, from Germany) chatting contribution!!

parrot_rl chatting contribution (from New Jersey)!!

JPCdk streaming contribution!!

whyyyyyyysoserious streaming chess contribution!!

fpga_guru (vue_equalizer, Oliver from Deutsch)  C++/ca2 interest contribution!!

SovereignDev with Unreal streaming contribution!!

Myrkee, Ash_F0x and TimBeaudet streaming contribution!!

JessicaMak and marcobrunodev streaming contribution!!

alfredotigolo, mandrakenk and Okbatgames chatting contribution!!

jitspoe (till 18:10? Oct5), Endesga and Fearitself streaming contribution!!

tomrandall (till 19:10 Oct5) streaming Ludum contribution!!

vue_equalizer (fpga_guru) chatting contribution!!

Thiagovgamg chatting contribution!!

Naysayer88 and friends contribution!!

lelandkwong streaming contribution!!

Goldbargames streaming contribution!!

bytakos streaming contribution!!

Endesga streaming contribution!!

_XRA streaming contribution!!

Primeagen and friends streaming contribution!!

OfficialAndyPyro streaming contribution!!

taiyoinoue streaming contribution!!

Gimmyy@Twitch chatting contribution!!

strager and friends streaming contribution!!

Ash_F0x and JessicaMak streaming contribution!!

WTSRetro/SpiffyDane and Myrkee streaming contribution!!

Ninja and friends streaming contribution!!

erald_guri chatting contribution!!

lasteveq4 C++ interest chat contriubtion!!

cecilphillip and clarkio @"Microsoft Developer" streaming contribution!!

cmgriffing streaming contribution!!

oijtx streaming contribution!!

NorthSeaHero streaming contribution!!

Trainwreckstv and friends streaming contribution!!

-- hi5 contribution...!!

at Ubuntu 20.10 Dual Boot at eddie machine through Anydesk from bilbo running Windows 10 Pro!!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[c1d4d5a4b8...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/c1d4d5a4b8872397e3750f3f6641aa9f26d3e468)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 11:05:27 by Marko Grdinić

"10:55am. Let me start. That rigged duel of Valerie's messed up my schedule. I just could not let it go. I should not have given her the letter and got rid of the paladin on my own.

Let me move to testing.

11am. Hmmm, compilation is failing, but there aren't any errors.

11:05am. Gahhhh, how annoying. F# just gets worse as time goes on it seems.

...Restarting the IDE did the trick. I suppose I could have tried clearing the build as well.

Let me finally run this. Before I try actual compilation, let me make sure that regular typechecking still works after the flurry of changes that I did.

...Ah, no wait. It seems I am getting an exception right at start up. What the hell.

```fs
    Job.iterateServer {
        modules = Map.empty
        diff_stream = package_diff
        infer_results = Map.empty
        package_ids = PersistentHashMap.empty
        packages = {
            validated_schemas = Map.empty
            package_links = mirrored_graph_empty
            package_schemas = Map.empty
            }
        prepass_stream = Prepass.package
        } loop
```

It is saying it is here, and that the given key 0 is not in the dictionary.

```
KeyNotFoundException: The given key '0' was not present in the dictionary.
```

```
This exception was originally thrown at this call stack:
    [External Code]
    Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.process_ty@541-27T<b>.Invoke(Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.LowerEnv, b) in Prepass.fs
    Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.process_ty@541-37.Invoke(Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.LowerEnv, Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.T) in Prepass.fs
    Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.process_ty(Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.T) in Prepass.fs
    Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.prepass@778.Invoke(Spiral.PartEval.Prepass.T) in Prepass.fs
```

What is this?

```fs
let process_ty (x : T) =
    let scope = propagate (Choice2Of2 x)
    resolve scope (Choice2Of2 x)
    lower scope (Choice2Of2(x,id))
```

So it is here.

```fs
let top_env_default =
    let rec f (m : PersistentHashMap<string,int>) = function
        | TyVar x -> TV m.[x.name]
        | TyPrim x -> TPrim x
        | TyArray x -> TArray (f m x)
        | TyLayout(a,b) -> TLayout(f m a,b)
        | TyInl(a,b) -> TArrow(m.Count,f (m.Add(a.name,m.Count)) b)
        | _ -> failwith "Compiler error: The base type in Infer is not supported in the prepass yet."

    List.fold (fun (top_env : PrepassTopEnv) (k, x) ->
        {top_env with ty = Map.add k ((prepass -1 0 "<base_types>" top_env).base_type (f PersistentHashMap.empty x)) top_env.ty}
        ) top_env_empty Infer.base_types
```

Ah, no wait. I should be looking into it here.

11:15pm. F#'s debugger is being an ass, and not letting me step into properly.

```fs
        | TyInl(a,b) -> TArrow(m.Count,f (m.Add(a.name,m.Count)) b)
        | _ -> failwith "Compiler error: The base type in Infer is not supported in the prepass yet."

    List.fold (fun (top_env : PrepassTopEnv) (k, x) ->
        printfn "Trying %s" k
        let x = (prepass -1 0 "<base_types>" top_env).base_type (f PersistentHashMap.empty x)
        printfn "Done..."
```

This happens why I try doing TArray.

```
TArrow (0, TArray (TV 0))
```

It is trying to eval this expression. What happens when it tries doing that?

```fs
let process_ty (x : T) =
    let scope = propagate (Choice2Of2 x)
    resolve scope (Choice2Of2 x)
    lower scope (Choice2Of2(x,id))
```

Let me get rid of the inline annotation on these 3. Debugger + inlining does not work well with F#.

11:30am.

```fs
        | TArrow(a,b) ->
            let scope, env = scope env a
            TArrow'(scope,adj' env a,ty env b)
```

I am starting to get a handle on this. Basically, it goes here and then...

```fs
    let scope (env : LowerEnv) x =
        let v = scope.[x]
```

It tries getting something that is not in the env and throws an exception.

11:45am.

```fs
        | TArrow(a,b) ->
            let scope, env = scope env a
            TArrow'(scope,adj' env a,ty env b)
```

I've just been looking at this trying to refresh my memory of what this entire function was supposed to be doing in the first place.

I think the possible issue is that I doing `scope env a` instead of `scope env x`.

```fs
        | TArrow(a,b) ->
            let scope, env = scope env x
            TArrow'(scope,adj' env a,ty env b)
```

Yeah, let me try this. What I had previously was definitely a mistake.

I haven't ever tried running the prepass before now, so it is no wonder strange things are happening.

Yeah, now the exception is gone.

11:55am. I am trying out whether the things I have previously still work and the answer is no. There is a lag of one keypress between recognizing an error. In addition to that the hovers outright fail to work for some files. Quite strange.

Let me stop here for breakfast.

12pm. These weird things always happen after a long period of change without testing. Thankfully, now that I have the whole language, I can do integration testing properly and won't have to write code for weeks without ever running it. I know this is not a good habit, but it makes no sense for me to test like half a pass.

Even for something like testing the prepass, I first need to parse and typecheck everything first. It is hard to do proper testing without meeting the prerequisites first.

Starting here and for the next few days or weeks, I will be hunting down bug after bug until everything is working as it should. This will take some effort, but it should not take too long.

After breakfast, I think I will go back to a previous commit and see whether I had the same error previously. Alternatively, I can just look for the problem proactively.

12:05pm. No matter which choice I pick, the effort is what matters."

---
## [Altimerra/automatic-task-scheduler-vue](https://github.com/Altimerra/automatic-task-scheduler-vue)@[5c684ed6ae...](https://github.com/Altimerra/automatic-task-scheduler-vue/commit/5c684ed6aedfac84300b82ed975002f711743796)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 13:00:07 by Altimerra

localStorage + web worker

By some goddamn miracle, I got this to fucking work

---
## [catandbox/pac3](https://github.com/catandbox/pac3)@[8ffcd34e9b...](https://github.com/catandbox/pac3/commit/8ffcd34e9bc5ffd9ec6d425a9f75864fa97baaed)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 14:08:04 by catandbox

I'VE HAD ENOUGH

this is INSANE
JUST FUCKING RANDOM TEXTURES EVERYWHERE
NOT JUST IN ONE SPOT
NOTHING IS ORGANIZED IN THIS GOD DAMN SHITTY ASS ADDON
FUCK IT

---
## [SpiceOS/android_packages_apps_Trebuchet](https://github.com/SpiceOS/android_packages_apps_Trebuchet)@[ec2f566bcc...](https://github.com/SpiceOS/android_packages_apps_Trebuchet/commit/ec2f566bcc4963b5befeac35cd95228e09118286)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 15:40:02 by Alex Cruz

Restart with change only on exit

This change allow the user to change everything they have to inside the
homescreen activity and only restart on exit. Previously this was a pain
in the fucking ass because you had to go in and set each option one by one
with a restart inbetween. At least now is not that big of a pain.

- Restart on destroy (hitting the back button, actionbar arrow)
- Restart when a chance is made and the home button is pressed

** Thanks "Jack" for code to detect home button
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27956263

- Cleaned up restart code

eyosen adapted to 10

Change-Id: I4962916ae0bd59d08247b59de585a97a2b9da3a1
Signed-off-by: Pranav Vashi <neobuddy89@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: LordShenron <shen.priyanshu@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Anush02198 <Anush.4376@gmail.com>

---
## [RigoLigoRLC/LC2KiCad](https://github.com/RigoLigoRLC/LC2KiCad)@[a5a471fee6...](https://github.com/RigoLigoRLC/LC2KiCad/commit/a5a471fee6d6470338c02b15faf15041b85c961c)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 15:45:08 by RigoLigoRLC

Chore: Fuck GitHub Actions for not giving me a clear view of the VM

I had to tree the entire workspace to see where the fuck my files are
Fuck You

---
## [Ogliss/AdMechArmoury](https://github.com/Ogliss/AdMechArmoury)@[d53d088141...](https://github.com/Ogliss/AdMechArmoury/commit/d53d08814146df77ca91e2f4dcdcfc1399db7c88)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 16:38:19 by Ogliss

Tweaks n fixes

Meltagun AP bumped to 200%, fuck you and your heat resistance mechanoids!
disabled logging stuff

---
## [enragedpixel/firstmeuaux](https://github.com/enragedpixel/firstmeuaux)@[2feaea2c81...](https://github.com/enragedpixel/firstmeuaux/commit/2feaea2c813b4461cc9af6793105ab3ab6158471)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 19:43:12 by Ivan

Is this thing working?

What in the holy hell fuck...

---
## [scottmpowell/701gameProject](https://github.com/scottmpowell/701gameProject)@[9fdf213593...](https://github.com/scottmpowell/701gameProject/commit/9fdf21359391bbf262dc6e891c0c22deef409128)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 20:53:01 by Scott Powell

Remember that programming god commit where I was an idiot but fixed my mistake. That again, but this time in python instead of Godot's fake python

---
## [amiyourtype/Wave-Shooter-Base](https://github.com/amiyourtype/Wave-Shooter-Base)@[2ff28e16e2...](https://github.com/amiyourtype/Wave-Shooter-Base/commit/2ff28e16e2476b28a0e011ac7fedac25ea5a44e5)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 21:37:06 by amiyourtype

sewers of london

God save our gracious Queen,
Long live our noble Queen,
God save the Queen!
Send her victorious,
Happy and glorious,
Long to reign over us,
God save the Queen!

O Lord our God arise,
Scatter our enemies,
And make them fall!
Confound their politics,
Frustrate their knavish tricks,
On Thee our hopes we fix,
God save us all!

Not in this land alone,
But be God’s mercies known,
From shore to shore!
Lord make the nations see,
That men should brothers be,
And form one family,
The wide world o’er.

From every latent foe,
From the assassins blow,
God save the Queen!
O’er her thine arm extend,
For Britain’s sake defend,
Our mother, prince, and friend,
God save the Queen!

---
## [InfoTeddy/VVVVVV](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV)@[6ee26e37a7...](https://github.com/InfoTeddy/VVVVVV/commit/6ee26e37a75c98ec16454113c49727b86c4e6f36)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 21:52:44 by Misa

Add dead bodies

Last night (the night of December 4th, 2020), I was laying in bed with
Coral on a Discord voice call and she was thinking about how checkpoints
worked. (Like, an in-lore explanation, not how it works in the actual
game.) Then she suggested at one point, what if there was a mod for
VVVVVV where you left behind a dead body every time you died.

So behold, this is that mod. What happens every time you die is the game
keeps track of where exactly you died, along with your sprite at the
time of death, and shoves it into an array. Then the game simply draws
that array on the screen, using color 1 (which is the color of death).
In the main game, it's drawn above all other non-humanoids, but in
custom levels it's drawn before every other entity.

Supercrewmates (the Intermission 1 companion) also create dead bodies.

Dying as VVVVVV-Man doesn't show a VVVVVV-Man-sized body, but the
playtesting ghosts feature doesn't account for VVVVVV-Man either, so.
Possibly playtesting ghosts and dead bodies should just use the same
entity-drawing function as normal entities do, but that's a bit
complicated. Or at the very least, some code should be refactored and
de-duplicated there to easily enable that without having to copy-paste
code.

Dead bodies are cleared every time you quit to the menu, or exit
playtesting (so, every time scriptclass::hardreset() gets called).

---
## [Fundevilam/skyhud](https://github.com/Fundevilam/skyhud)@[48c6117bc0...](https://github.com/Fundevilam/skyhud/commit/48c6117bc09bad84a3cdb66cfe3a506856b2344a)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 22:55:16 by Fundevilam364

Holy shit that was a whole day of HUD dev

-Redesigned the scoreboard with inspiration from flarepunch HUD
-Redesigned the disguise menu (still needs some transparency)
-Made a few changes in sourcescheme (colors and code organization)
-Fixed some item effect meters
-Removed unused materials

---
## [loreb/adventofcode2020](https://github.com/loreb/adventofcode2020)@[b565859bdb...](https://github.com/loreb/adventofcode2020/commit/b565859bdb4c3ed15eaf762ef563eca5c9b9ca9d)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 23:39:14 by Lorenzo Beretta

Day 5 in scheme

I kinda like the idea, but between the quality of different implementations and the way there are standards (plural)
each with over 100 optional srfi scheme manages to be painful for some very basic tasks unless you stick
to implementation X or anything supporting srfi A,B and Q.

Sometimes I'm tempted to redo the exercises from sicp in (python?) just to compare.

Good night!

---
## [Fikou/tgstation](https://github.com/Fikou/tgstation)@[9ce821adfc...](https://github.com/Fikou/tgstation/commit/9ce821adfca017c01914ed5159c7b9efe1ae25ea)
#### Saturday 2020-12-05 23:45:32 by Fikou

Limp Bizkit - Break Stuff

Its just one of those days
Where you don't want to wake up
Everything is fucked
Everybody sucks
You don't really know why
But you want to justify
Rippin' someone's head off
No human contact
And if you interact
Your life is on contract
Your best bet is to stay away motherfucker
It's just one of those days
It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit
I think you better quit, let the shit slip
Or you'll be leaving with a fat lip
It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit
I think you better quit, talking that shit
Its just one of those days
Feeling like a freight train
First one to complain
Leaves with a bloodstain
Damn right I'm a maniac
You better watch your back
Cause I'm fucking up your program
And then your stuck up
You just lucked up
Next in line to get fucked up
Your best bet is to stay away motherfucker
It's just one of those days
It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit
I think you better quit, let the shit slip
Or you'll be leaving with a fat lip
It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit
I think you better quit, talking that shit
Punk, so come and get it
I feel like shit
My suggestion, is to keep your distance
Cause right now I'm dangerous
We've all felt like shit
And been treated like shit
All those motherfuckers
That want to step up
I hope you know, I pack a chainsaw
I'll skin your ass raw
And if my day keeps going this way, I just might
Break something tonight
I pack a chainsaw
I'll skin your ass raw
And if my day keeps going this way, I just might
Break something tonight
I pack a chainsaw
I'll skin your ass raw
And if my day keeps going this way, I just might
Break your fucking face tonight
Give me something to break
Just give me something to break
How bout yer fucking face
I hope you know, I pack a chainsaw
What!
A chainsaw
What!
A motherfucking chainsaw
What!
So come and get it
It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit
I think you better quit, let the shit slip
Or you'll be leaving with a fat lip
It's all about the he-says, she-says bullshit
I think you better quit, talking that shit
Punk, so come and get it

---

# [<](2020-12-04.md) 2020-12-05 [>](2020-12-06.md)

