# [<](2020-08-23.md) 2020-08-24 [>](2020-08-25.md)

2,753,799 events, 1,485,355 push events, 2,219,068 commit messages, 162,674,783 characters


## [oresat/oresat-adcs-software](https://github.com/oresat/oresat-adcs-software)@[b7b85bd05c...](https://github.com/oresat/oresat-adcs-software/commit/b7b85bd05c334f70fe15ea887f229b6b51c9961c)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 01:40:25 by PandnotPthereforeQ

pulled John's 42 interface into my repo. made some changes to 42 model to reflect our situation. made some changes to manager daemon so that I could dump data from simulations. lots of changes to adcs_library. sorry I suck at documenting. will work on commenting my damn code before trying to implement more new features.

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13)@[aa639b5ce6...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat13/commit/aa639b5ce6783b097136f69b669df48fa6d46398)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 02:16:45 by jjpark-kb

more box medbay change (#3457)

* sorry

* bug fix holy shit

* just more improvements

* okay okay, done this time

---
## [kylemarsh/qmk_firmware](https://github.com/kylemarsh/qmk_firmware)@[b5d37672ab...](https://github.com/kylemarsh/qmk_firmware/commit/b5d37672ab273785f9e5701acf2a0d2b8bb68978)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 04:21:49 by Kyle Marsh

Initial keymap working

Notes:
 * Enabling dynamic macros breaks the shit out of this.
 * Leader key is where I wanted alt to be. Might just remove leader
   entirely.
 * May try to move bksp and space onto combos?
 * Need to fiddle with permissive hold / tapping term / interrupt
   whatever to dial in what I want.
 * haven't even begun to try the encoders yet.
 * I think I want to move the left encoder down to the modifier
   row...that key is really hard to reach and it's a real pain in the
   ass to have tab down there.

---
## [jaymzh/taste-tester](https://github.com/jaymzh/taste-tester)@[5a51af765f...](https://github.com/jaymzh/taste-tester/commit/5a51af765fb3a330c558ba8481755db2e5f4787c)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 10:36:51 by Phil Dibowitz

First whack at windows (target) support for taste-tester

I can't imagine we have any desire to have TT itself run on Windows,
however, one has to manage their windows system sometime, and that means
being able to test on those systems.

This adds support for the remote system by generating the right
powershell to send over ssh.

That means there are two requirements to using this:

1. You have ssh enabled on your Windows PC
2. You set the default shell to powershell instead of cmd

Both are easily accomplished with this tiny bit of Chef:

```ruby
powershell_package 'ComputerManagementDsc' do
  action :install
end

dsc_resource 'install ssh-client' do
  resource :windowscapability
  module_name 'ComputerManagementDsc'
  property :name, 'OpenSSH.Client~~~~0.0.1.0'
  property :ensure, 'Present'
end

dsc_resource 'install ssh-server' do
  resource :windowscapability
  module_name 'ComputerManagementDsc'
  property :name, 'OpenSSH.Server~~~~0.0.1.0'
  property :ensure, 'Present'
end

dsc_resource 'start sshd' do
  resource :service
  property :name, 'sshd'
  property :startuptype, 'Automatic'
  property :state, 'Running'
  property :ensure, 'Present'
end
```

This also requires you to be on a version modern enough that symlinks
actually work - sorry, we're not re-inventing how taste-tester works
for old broken OSes. Getting Windws support here is ugly enough as it
is.

You may be wondering "but Windows has bash support now!"... and you'd be
sorta-right. You can enable WSL and Bash in modern Windows, but you end
up in a embedded linux environment. You can access the Windows
filesystem, but it's not a thing most people are going to want to do on
their windows systems. So, powershell it is.

This fully supports tunnels and non-tunnels. As far as I can tell,
everything works except "bundle mode" and "local transport", but I don't
think those are necessary here.

In order to not repeat the *crazy* trans-shell logic, I factored out
some code that was repeated (but badly, with bugs - now we *always*
specify `-o StrictHostKeyChecking=no` and friends, not just sometimes)
between ssh.rb and tunnel.rb into ssh_util.rb. I took this approach
because it was the least change, and since that's not directly related
to this PR, I wanted to minimize that. However, the long-term solution
here is to just roll tunnel.rb into ssh.rb. It already has a `tunnel`
option it ignores in the initializer.

Signed-off-by: Phil Dibowitz <phil@ipom.com>

---
## [tteon/ENJOY](https://github.com/tteon/ENJOY)@[c6bcd694aa...](https://github.com/tteon/ENJOY/commit/c6bcd694aadfa477ee501d4579e42b60498f974c)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 12:23:02 by Ii tae jeong

Add files via upload

Conclusions

There are many more idiomatic ways to do various kinds of things in Python, and the topics covered in this article is just an incomplete list of tricks that I find useful in my daily projects. I hope they can help you write Python code too. A final tip is that you’ll have to purposely refactor your code using these and other idioms, which are usually more performant ways. By refactoring your code consistently, you will gradually improve your Python coding skills.

source ; https://towardsdatascience.com/10-idiotic-ways-to-refactor-your-python-code-cbb05bb0c820

---
## [chapel-lang/chapel](https://github.com/chapel-lang/chapel)@[8357665c6c...](https://github.com/chapel-lang/chapel/commit/8357665c6c92d0705130c224606c47981d6741ee)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 15:52:06 by Elliot Ronaghan

Make nightly compiler and runtime build failures fatal

Previously, if the compiler or runtime build failed we would retry
without optimizations. This was added a long time ago when the build was
less stable and we didn't have smoke testing like we do today. The
original intention was to allow us to get some nightly results even if
the optimized build failed, but I can't remember this happening in many
years. The retry build has confused us recently for transient build
issues, so just make build issues always a fatal error to avoid
confusion. We may lose a night of testing for these configurations with
transient errors, but I don't think that's a huge deal and we should
work to address those issues instead of relying on the retry mechanism.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[5f9d6b1167...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/5f9d6b11679f9a0b65e5a2a902d93084270f7f34)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 16:07:59 by Marko Grdinić

"3:45pm. I am in thought.

4:20pm. I am still in thought.

```fs
let server_typechecking (uri : string) = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let req = Ch ()
    let tc x = Array.map (bundle >> mock) x |> Array.unzip |> fun (a,b) -> Array.concat a, Array.concat b

    let rec waiting () = req ^=> extracting
    and extracting subreq = waiting () <|> (IVar.read subreq ^=> processing)
    and processing (bundle : Bundle [], res) = waiting () <|> Alt.prepareJob (fun () -> IVar.fill res (tc bundle) >>- waiting)

    Job.server (waiting()) >>-. req
```

I do not get it. Is there no way in the presence of concurrency and the need for memoization to avoid having all the phases be their own server. Right now the way this works is convoluted. The code is not very composable.

Suppose I wanted to freeze the state of everything so it can do compilation...Things would be a lot easier if I could work on just streams.

But no, I have these servers. Right now, I'd have no choice but to delay any further messages once compilation gets triggered. That does not sit well with me. Yet, I have to do these optimizations that unfortunately block things.

4:45pm. Ok, I had to think about this for a while. I am going to make the server thing work.

4:50pm. I'll have to put in special handling code for compilation, but it will go through somehow.

I just have to make up my mind to do this.

5:05pm. Agh...

I have no idea.

What is my goal here?

The hover, the memoization, or doing it step by step?

All of that.

And right now I am focusing on the step by step typechecking.

```fs
let server_typechecking (uri : string) = Job.delay <| fun () ->
    let req = Ch ()
    let tc x = Array.map (bundle >> mock) x |> Array.unzip |> fun (a,b) -> Array.concat a, Array.concat b

    let rec waiting () = req ^=> extracting
    and extracting subreq = waiting () <|> (IVar.read subreq ^=> processing)
    and processing (bundle : Bundle [], res) = waiting () <|> Alt.prepareJob (fun () -> IVar.fill res (tc bundle) >>- waiting)

    Job.server (waiting()) >>-. req
```

Unlike parsing which is fine being done all at once, this thing I want to do bundle by bundle.

5:10pm. It is confusing. Should I be using streams here or something else?

Ahhhh...no, not streams. Though I feel confused about streams - I completely forgot what the difference between lazy and eager streams is in Hopac and how to construct the lazy ones...I need the TCing to abort if the TCer gets new data. I cannot do that with streams. Even with lazy streams, the process reading them would force their evaluation.

What I need TCing is to return a list of `IVar`s. The there will a async process on the other side reading them one by one.

5:15pm. Ok, I am having some inspiration now, but before I follow up with that, just how the hell did I forget Hopac promises? Or did I not understand them properly to begin with?

How is it possible to make a lazy promise?

What was that SO question that I asked and then answered myself?

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/62358275/how-to-make-the-promise-lazy

5:20pm. Ok, I remember it now. Memoized jobs are lazy promises. Right.

I actually completely forgot about this.

5:50pm. It has been a while since I've been so laser focused on an single problem.

5:55pm. Ok, I know how to do the hover server. And I know how to do it step by step. I can even integrate that last part so it works well with the hover server.

I know the steps I need to take. Adding memoization to the TC server will be easy once I do this. Yeah, I have it.

When looking for a hover, first of all in the TC I will search over the block list from the back for the first offset that is less or equal of the position requested.

Then for that particular block, I will get the `IVar`. Then I will send that `IVar` to the hover server. I will also have to do switching to cancel the old request, but this won't be too hard. In the TC maybe I will make a special block processing server to make things easier for me.

Yes, I can see it.

6:05pm. What I have in mind is not a big deal, so I should be able to implement it tomorrow. It all checks out in my head.

I did have to think about it for a good while. This is my first time doing serious concurrency work, so I am not surprised that it is taking me a while to work things out.

Now let me have some fun. The slacker pace that I have here is wonderful. I can maintain this. I am not going to regret that I am not doing more programming. Every day I am making a step. And that will get me over the end goal eventually."

---
## [eatkins/io](https://github.com/eatkins/io)@[af3b406527...](https://github.com/eatkins/io/commit/af3b40652795dbd1f646687e8afc6182c8c9e576)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 18:31:39 by Ethan Atkins

Refactor all of the glob/watch related code

I came up with the FileTreeRepository interface roughly a year ago when
I was working on the close watch plugin. Since then, my understanding of
the problem has improved and I see that the interfaces that I defined
were not quite as clean as they could have been. The core problem that
the file cache tries to solve is that both listing _AND_ filtering of
files can be slow in sbt. Since the beginning, sbt has primarily used
java.io.File based apis for io. The problem with this is that if a user
wants to filter by file attributes, this will almost always lead to
extra io. That extra io will in turn lead to increased latency before
sbt can start compiling.  If we continue to use file based apis, this
will always be a problem.

I already started tackling this problem by introducing globs. The Glob
spec makes it possible to efficiently retrieve the source files.
Moreover in the current sbt version, I employ some dirty tricks to
return java.io.File instances that have their isRegularFile and
isDirectory methods overridden so that they use a memoized value
computed while we recursively fetch the sources. I realized, however,
that this was an ugly hack and still required the task author to think
about how downstream consumers of the source file might use them.

To improve the situation, I rethought the interface for fetching files.
Instead of effectively having a function from Glob => Seq[File], I want
to instead have a function from
(Glob, AttributeFilter) => Seq[(Path, Attributes)]
Path is better than file because it gives us the option of swapping out
the file system. Moreover, by returning the Attributes, we can
explicitly filter paths based on their attributes without having to do
any io.

This new api allowed me to simplify Glob so that instead of having a
filter from TypedPath => Boolean, it now just has a filter from
Path => Boolean. Most of the path methods do not do any io except for
Path.toRealPath(). This means that the Glob filter will almost always be
fast since it's likely just doing a file name check. Part of the
motivation for this change is that TypedPath was an awkward interface
since it combined file meta data (i.e. the path) with the file
attributes. To replace the functionality, I introduce two traits
SimpleFileAttributes and CustomFileAttributes. SimpeFileAttributes is
analogous to TypedPath without the getPath method while
CustomFileAttributes is a replacement for FileTreeDataView.Entry.

The reason for adding the CustomFileAttributes class and having it
implement the BasicFileAttributes interface is because it gives the
option of using it as a valid file attribute type in a custom file
system. The BasicFileAttributes interface partially mirrors the posix
stat struct which means to implement it, you pretty much need to stat
the file. We don't, have to eagerly implement it, however. The default
implementation implements SimpleFileAttributes (which are basically free
as part of the swoval directory listing api) and delegates the other
methods to a lazily computed default BasicFileAttributes instance.

With respect to listing files, I simplified the FileTreeView api.
Instead of returning a Seq[TypedPath], it returns a Seq[T] for some
generic type T. This allowed me to remove the largely redundant
FileTreeDataView interface. In practice, we mainly only care about
FileTreeView[(Path, SimpleFileAttributes)]
FileTreeView[(Path, CustomFileAttributes[T])]. The former maps closely
to the old default FileTreeView while the latter is similar to the old
FileTreeDataView.

I simplified the Observer interface and removed the redunant
CacheObserver interface. Instead of having the CacheObserver interface,
I make the various file tree repository instance implement
Observable[FileEvent[T]] where T is the cache value. Implementing an
Observer[FileEvent[T]] is very similar to implementing a CacheObserver
and we remove a redundant interface.

I formalized and improved the Registerable interface. When one
registers a glob with a FileTreeRepository, they probably want to
receive events specifically for that glob. I make that possible by
having register return Either[IOExceptin, Observable[T]] instead of
Either[IOException, Boolean]. This will be helpful in the watch refactor
where I dynamically register globs during task evaluation and want to
monitor them for watch events. Previously, I had to manage the filtering
to exclude, say, jar files that are were also registered with the
repository. With the new register interface, I can add a simple api in
sbt to mark which globs you want to watch for events in the task
definition. When we list a marked glob, we'll register it with the file
repository and add it to the other observables that we're already
monitoring.

Even though a lot of code had to change to implement the refactored
interfaces, most of the code changes were very obvious since there was a
pretty clear 1:1  mapping between the new and old interfaces. For the
most part, the tests would work with minimal tuning once they compiled.

Finally, I tried to ensure that all of the apis related to file
repository are marked private[sbt]. I'm still not sure if I've gotten
these interfaces right and I want the freedom to change them without
breaking binary compatibility. In subsequent commits (or a new PR), I
will move more of the implementation classes into sbt.internal.io.

---
## [L1K3R0535/FileManagerRepo-PythonScript-s-](https://github.com/L1K3R0535/FileManagerRepo-PythonScript-s-)@[36a804a7f2...](https://github.com/L1K3R0535/FileManagerRepo-PythonScript-s-/commit/36a804a7f234eafe251dc1d2f65e1aaaf266efb1)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 20:18:39 by L1K3R0535

Update FM.py

Will be making small changes to this just to make it really do what I wanted it too, hope it helps others too. To be honest: had really got more excited about loads of other projects; but as awful as this code is: as it is where I kinda started(outside of web programming anyway); that I owe it to the code to come back and edit it up and fix things once in a while so as to make it not as terrible(and hopefully one day actually good). 

Enjoy.

---
## [newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk)@[a4325847ca...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-the-guardian-uk/commit/a4325847ca7d2f874e8327751ffb1cb2def9dcc4)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 20:56:04 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.theguardian.com/world/2020/aug/24/i-dont-have-hate-i-dont-have-revenge-stricken-mother-of-christchurch-massacre-victim-forgives-killer]

---
## [tgstation/TerraGov-Marine-Corps](https://github.com/tgstation/TerraGov-Marine-Corps)@[336a78e4aa...](https://github.com/tgstation/TerraGov-Marine-Corps/commit/336a78e4aae05b54271e3941406c2a5f78fbb822)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 21:07:50 by TiviPlus

Xeno IC names (#4658)

* whee

* fuck you travis

* evo fix

* Fixes it?

* hive menu

* finishes up

Co-authored-by: TiviPlus <TiviPlus>

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[df9487dce3...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/df9487dce390e781e7b3567d814632aeda0fbb6d)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 23:13:24 by Fuglore

god this game is so weird

- fixed surrender chances being the weirdest shit ever (FUCKING MULTIPLIERS!?!? WHAT)

- tweaked assault banner stuff for heat bonus and danger so reference lines are more frequent in those

---
## [GrautDevelopes/flskinner](https://github.com/GrautDevelopes/flskinner)@[5aaddbf668...](https://github.com/GrautDevelopes/flskinner/commit/5aaddbf668429af44731d067451cf846e2e0a7ce)
#### Monday 2020-08-24 23:55:41 by liquid

Finally add support for the 80-bit floats

fuck you delphi
and you too msvc

---

# [<](2020-08-23.md) 2020-08-24 [>](2020-08-25.md)

