# [<](2020-05-14.md) 2020-05-15 [>](2020-05-16.md)

2,632,712 events, 1,283,047 push events, 2,068,669 commit messages, 143,381,512 characters


## [fisher122/GMusicFS](https://github.com/fisher122/GMusicFS)@[c8987bcb52...](https://github.com/fisher122/GMusicFS/commit/c8987bcb5219401df4abecf55ab64455f85d1a7a)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 00:02:48 by fisher122

I returned the receipt of available DEVICE_ID.
I returned the use of DEVICE_ID from the config file.
Added a bunch of useless spaces. Or not me, but pycharm. Pycharm helped me a lot with debugging.
Small cosmetic changes in the names of variables.
added a lot of debugging garbage. Sorry.. I still do not understand how it works. Perhaps you need to go back to the code at least a couple of times
a month, not half a year.
wrote a lot of TODO's.
Added symlinks, to prevent duplicates. Since I made a big dump from the aritist's then the tracks in the albums lead to other folders .. or maybe I
had to simlink albums? But still I'm not sure how best to allocate it, can it be reduced to the grouping of performers by ARTIST_ID?
The paths to the main file are taken by the artist's name, which means that /album_artist/album/track.mp3 is a symlink.
Has commented that that .. More correctly reception of covers at start, playlists and still that that.
broke playlists.
broke the full list of tracks (and did I add it earlier?).
to practice shamanism with covers. seem to work.
I do not understand how to calculate the size of the file on the server and how to get it entirely (file). I can not get the last few kilobytes of
the track - the server returns a void, although wget download entirely.
that something is broken in the buffering and loading and in general all this should be thrown out entirely and rewritten to async or something else,
but I do not know how yet.
It is necessary to rewrite the closing of files .. there may be several openings to 1 track, but the closure is one and it destroys the data. it is
necessary to move the closing mechanism to the track ... and generally keep the tracks in memory .... at least not to keep them entirely or to throw
them to the disc.
Since I added line filtering, then obviously there was a bunch of bugs .. well, in general, somewhere I forgot something and also the proximity.
bytes ... bytesarray .. and burn it with a blue flame. What a bug healed already do not remember when.
Cyrillic? I cleaned it.
Add sample config. ~/gmusicfs/gmusicfs    May be rename to credi...s/config/password/?

---
## [ClockeNessMnstr/ardupilot](https://github.com/ClockeNessMnstr/ardupilot)@[d9fc85a161...](https://github.com/ClockeNessMnstr/ardupilot/commit/d9fc85a161b2de0950a4fca7ab2984e532bc25b4)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 00:14:39 by U-CHRISLOCKE\Chris_Locke

test commit with tweaks to autotune . God I fucking hate VIM . I'm sorry if this shows up in public. I have not really used git other than cloning finished projects. this should be a private directory for myself as I learn to use git for version control.e

---
## [xbl3/fuckery](https://github.com/xbl3/fuckery)@[040cc86073...](https://github.com/xbl3/fuckery/commit/040cc860734fc4306b689646f69e48982ae75bec)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 00:29:19 by xbl3

kinda spiraled after new line fuckery

After the shit with windows and how it dont maths right..... [it's all things at once like God]
Figured try some other various shit. Saw that the typical run a set time will delay the execution if quoted
This then let me discover through fuckery testing that you can have the set var be ran and if inside a for loop
The top var becomes a participant in the for loop as well.
Didn't account for return to the top, but should've since you can stop the doublerun of batch files using call&goto,,,,

---
## [peff/git](https://github.com/peff/git)@[ce9fc6e905...](https://github.com/peff/git/commit/ce9fc6e9051b4f49c712a03771df4c78eb974d54)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 03:31:34 by Jeff King

ahead-behind: do not die when we see no INTERESTING pending object

We currently die if we are fed an ahead/behind with zero
objects (`foo..foo` in the most basic case, but in practice
something like `foo@{upstream}..foo`, when `foo` has just
been merged).  The problem is that we let
`handle_revision_arg` parse it, and then pick the pieces out
of the pending object list. So "^foo" looks no different to
us there than "foo".

This patch hacks around it by picking up the UNINTERESTING
object in that case. However, this isn't great because:

  1. Now we won't notice some types of bogus input.

  2. We end up reporting the name of the UNINTERESTING object.

We probably should pick apart the ".." ourselves, or even
just change it to ":" or whitespace.

---
## [PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod)@[549192fd6e...](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod/commit/549192fd6ebae9bb4585d8994cfbfdb6196bb421)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 03:44:52 by PhoenixBladez

See Changelog

- New Reach Biome Background
- Fixed Spirit Biome Underground Background Bug
- New Darkness setting for daytime Spirit, added light pillars
- Added Mushroom Potion. Dartboard, Gravity Modulator, Astronaut Vanity, Acorn Cake, Glowroot,
- Removed old Cog enemies
- (RESPRITES): Added Bismite Resprites, Starplate (now Astralite) resprites, Marble resprites, Sacred Vine, Luminous Lantern, various Folv Gear, Polymorph Gun, Interstellar Shield Core, Jade Staff
- Added Bismite Caverns, removed Bone Graves
- Added Ice Sculptures, Creeping Ice, new Winterborn AI and resprites
- Nerfed Starplate first phase, buffed second (made it happen later, faster charging, more stars, multiple probes) TESTING NEEDED
- Deleted non Briar lilypads
- Renamed illusionist to Ghast
- Added new recipe for Quackling Staff
- Fixed Cosmilite Placement issues
- Added (unobtainable) Reach flora for builds
- Added Thorn Hook, Valkyrie Spirit Spear, deleted Zodiac
- made Shadow Singed Fang not unobtainable
- Added gores for Blazing Rattler
- Added vanilla dungeon drops to all modded enemies
- Added Yurei/Disturbed Yurei to Pagodas, spawn during worldgen
- Edits to Adventurer, Rogue inventory
- new Asteroid Background objects
- Added Meteor Shower weather to asteroids
- darkened sunlight in Spirit, Asteroid Biomes
- new tracks for Tide, Spirit Overworld, Spirit Underground Lv 1, Lv 2
- small buffs and tweaks
- Deleted Creeper Yoyo
- Fixed Bloatfish sprite issue, Blossmoon lighting issue, Scarabeus AI issue (Biffed second phase with stronger charges), Ancient Avian bag, Glade Wraith AI,
- Tooltip changes and fixes
- Nerfed Cryolite/Wintry Charm slow effect
- Removed rain color change
- Spirit underground now gets darker the further you go, made Spirit ore spawn lower

---
## [tannerhelland/PhotoDemon](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon)@[02f406437b...](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon/commit/02f406437beb5dc6cd8e8c13f73174e2fef009e2)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 05:02:30 by Tanner

ICO export: build export UI

Relates to #300

As usual, this ended up being a much larger and more complicated design project than I anticipated.  Icon files have a huge array of possible export settings (particularly regarding recommended frame sizes and color-depths), and many standalone icon editors have garbage UIs that haven't been updated since the Win 95 era... so they were unfortunately not as helpful as I'd have liked.

(I'm starting to understand why major editors like Photoshop don't export icons at all, instead off-loading the job to 3rd-party plugins!)

Regardless, I've finally arrived at a UI that I think works well.  In keeping with PD's core philosophy of "simple but powerful", the new icon export dialog allows the user to select a target icon purpose from a dropdown (e.g. "Windows 10 app icon").  PD uses that target to auto-populate a large grid of icon frame sizes and color-depths.  This allows you to see what will actually end up inside your icon file.  Users are welcome to toggle on or off any of the size+color options at their leisure.

Note that *ICONS DON'T ACTUALLY EXPORT YET*.  That code is still to-do!  First I needed a UI so I could figure out what export settings I actually need to support, and now I have a solid framework for testing icon export features as I build them.

PD's export feature grid is quite large compared to other software.  I've gone back and forth on how many difference icon frame size + color-depth combinations to support (for example, do I let users write non-square icons?), and the question proved tricky given that one of PD's big use-cases is in legacy Windows environments.  Similarly, VB6 devs are disproportionately likely to use the program, and things like VB6 app icons have special requirements that aren't easily solved using other tools.  I'd like to make sure PD covers those cases.

In the end, I feel like the current UI provides a reasonable trade-off between "OMG this dialog is out of control" and "I can make a perfect icon for my esoteric use-case!"  I ultimately decided to drop support for "technically legitimate but ill-defined" behaviors like non-square icons, because I don't like encouraging file format nonsense that creates potential headaches for other software.  (Also, I don't want to have to build a Windows ME VM just to test what it does with weird icon settings!)

For the "target" applications, I assembled various output settings after (too many) hours of trawling web archive entries of MSDN pages.  Whoever decided to break all legacy MSDN links for the Nth time deserves a swift kick in the groin, because wow it is impossible to find ANYTHING on MSDN these days, especially if it involves documentation written before ~2018.  Aaaaarrgggghhhhh

Enough whining for now.  :)

Thank you again to @g-busch for his ongoing contributions to this feature!  PD's contributor list and Help > About dialog have been updated accordingly

---
## [vintagedaddyo/MySupport](https://github.com/vintagedaddyo/MySupport)@[facd45d1c8...](https://github.com/vintagedaddyo/MySupport/commit/facd45d1c8af43780d6ac5c6e7947a04a6a4b3ee)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 05:08:36 by vintagedaddyo

Update mysupport.lang.php

Eh, while most of the plugin works with this variant there is a lil issue with the primary buttons  and when clicking it would opt to mark as non support  and while yest you then could go to the more button and re-mark as support thread or other options it was simply annoying me and I did not have the free time to look into the issue, but in that moment I said wait why have the buttons in the first place as eventually if this plugin goes to mobile the scaling would have to be factored and well in theory the more button has the items needed so why not go without the majority of buttons except for jump to best answer and the more button changing the "more" button text to "support"? So that is what I opted to do to simply things and save time and in my opinion it is better this way, just saying....

---
## [devdut1999/hello-world](https://github.com/devdut1999/hello-world)@[ee6fa3ad1a...](https://github.com/devdut1999/hello-world/commit/ee6fa3ad1a530d55c831198627bbb180144337f7)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 06:06:48 by devdut1999

Finish Readme!

Covid-19 sucks!!
We are gonna fucking die!
Valhalla,I'm coming!!!!!

---
## [SquidDev-CC/CC-Tweaked](https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/CC-Tweaked)@[d5f82fa458...](https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/CC-Tweaked/commit/d5f82fa458fd5ed50292629e554f38650df1d588)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 12:21:19 by Jonathan Coates

Replace getMethodNames/callMethod with annotations (#447)

When creating a peripheral or custom Lua object, one must implement two
methods:

 - getMethodNames(): String[] - Returns the name of the methods
 - callMethod(int, ...): Object[] - Invokes the method using an index in
   the above array.

This has a couple of problems:
 - It's somewhat unwieldy to use - you need to keep track of array
   indices, which leads to ugly code.
 - Functions which yield (for instance, those which run on the main
   thread) are blocking. This means we need to spawn new threads for
   each CC-side yield.

We replace this system with a few changes:

 - @LuaFunction annotation: One may annotate a public instance method
   with this annotation. This then exposes a peripheral/lua object
   method.

   Furthermore, this method can accept and return a variety of types,
   which often makes functions cleaner (e.g. can return an int rather
   than an Object[], and specify and int argument rather than
   Object[]).

 - MethodResult: Instead of returning an Object[] and having blocking
   yields, functions return a MethodResult. This either contains an
   immediate return, or an instruction to yield with some continuation
   to resume with.

   MethodResult is then interpreted by the Lua runtime (i.e. Cobalt),
   rather than our weird bodgey hacks before. This means we no longer
   spawn new threads when yielding within CC.

 - Methods accept IArguments instead of a raw Object array. This has a
   few benefits:
   - Consistent argument handling - people no longer need to use
     ArgumentHelper (as it doesn't exist!), or even be aware of its
     existence - you're rather forced into using it.
   - More efficient code in some cases. We provide a Cobalt-specific
     implementation of IArguments, which avoids the boxing/unboxing when
     handling numbers and binary strings.

---
## [majestrate/loki-network](https://github.com/majestrate/loki-network)@[a7d616843f...](https://github.com/majestrate/loki-network/commit/a7d616843fae1b249f5ac8f19719c0516ad37a43)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 13:02:47 by Jeff Becker

add shitty check for running in travis with workarounds because god is dead and travis-ci fucking sucks.

---
## [Kharacternyk/pacwall](https://github.com/Kharacternyk/pacwall)@[4e91050171...](https://github.com/Kharacternyk/pacwall/commit/4e9105017103b140b2d7b97d77ada0fd252a29b7)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 13:18:18 by Nazar Vinnichuk

Remove info targeted at inexperienced users.

So-called user-friendly distros aren't supported anymore.
It's silly to assume that an Arch or Void user doesn't know
his DE/display server.

---
## [githubfoam/lustre-sandbox](https://github.com/githubfoam/lustre-sandbox)@[abccce7a55...](https://github.com/githubfoam/lustre-sandbox/commit/abccce7a55a9176a29517d46d7c6babd509da2d5)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 13:29:21 by githubfoam

Oh, man, I will never forgive your ass for this shit.

---
## [DerpyNewbie/LunarClientAPI](https://github.com/DerpyNewbie/LunarClientAPI)@[16a850d6f8...](https://github.com/DerpyNewbie/LunarClientAPI/commit/16a850d6f8e3832eac8d150645a82a9f15f59180)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 14:38:20 by TewPingz

Uses reflection

Uses reflection now as the old method was stupid. sorry if i fucked up another persons plugin or anything.

---
## [mpv-player/mpv](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv)@[5309497727...](https://github.com/mpv-player/mpv/commit/5309497727debfe1b268f915c5a41bdbe93ad9de)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 14:38:59 by wm4

subprocess: replace posix_spawnp() with fork()

This code runs posix_spawnp() within a fork() in some cases, in order to
"disown" processes which are meant as being started detached. But
posix_spawnp() is not marked as async-signal-safe, so what we do is not
allowed. It could for example cause deadlocks, depending on
implementation and luck at runtime. Turns out posix_spawnp() is useless
crap.

Replace it with "classic" fork() to ensure correctness.

We could probably use another mechanism to start a process "disowned"
than doing a double-fork(). The only problem with "disowning" a process
is calling setsid() (which posix_spawnp() didn't support, but maybe will
in newer revisions), and removing as as parent from the child process
(the double-fork() will make PID 1 the parent). But there is no good way
to either remove us as parent, or to "reap" the PID in a way that is
safe and less of a mess than the current code. This is because
POSIX/UNIX is a miserable heap of shit. (Less shit than "alternatives"
like win32, no doubt.)

Because POSIX/UNIX is a miserable heap of shit, execvp() is also not
specified as async-signal-safe. It's funny how you can run a full
fledged HTTP server in an async-signal-safe context, but not start a
shitty damn process. Unix is really, really, really extremely bad at
this process management stuff. So we reimplement execvp() in an
async-signal-safe way.

The new code assumes that CLOEXEC is a thing. Since POSIX/UNIX is such a
heap of shit, O_CLOEXEC and FD_CLOEXEC were (probably) added at
different times, but both must be present. io.h defines them to 0 if
they don't exist, and in this case the code will error out at runtime.
Surely we could do without CLOEXEC via fallback, but I'll do that only
if at least 1 bug is reported wrt. this issue.

The idea how to report exec() failure or success is from musl. The way
as_execvpe() is also inspired by musl (for example, the list of error
codes that should make it fail is the same as in musl's code).

---
## [WhimsicalDragon/WaifuDesktop](https://github.com/WhimsicalDragon/WaifuDesktop)@[20ebfce888...](https://github.com/WhimsicalDragon/WaifuDesktop/commit/20ebfce8882c5604af930ca71b38bfc09f805d79)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 14:55:14 by WhimsicalDragon

Add files via upload

Yeah I don't fucking know. I can't draw for shit so just imagine there's an anime there or something. I can't code for shit so this literally only does stuff once and then ends.

---
## [mlirog/bulcinu_bizness](https://github.com/mlirog/bulcinu_bizness)@[621fbe31c4...](https://github.com/mlirog/bulcinu_bizness/commit/621fbe31c41ced18ceb89a201e15af468b9c0382)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 15:12:47 by mlirog

Yeeting down the project

Mama, just killed a man
Put a gun against his head
Pulled my trigger, now he's dead
Mama, life had just begun
But now I've gone and thrown it all away
Mama, ooh
Didn't mean to make you cry
If I'm not back again this time tomorrow
Carry on, carry on
As if nothing really matters
Too late, my time has come
Sends shivers down my spine
Body's aching all the time
Goodbye everybody, I've got to go
Gotta leave you all behind and face the truth
Mama, ooh
I don't want to die
I sometimes wish I'd never been born at all

---
## [duckinator/bork](https://github.com/duckinator/bork)@[9c1cce4c79...](https://github.com/duckinator/bork/commit/9c1cce4c79dad3bfaf4615f9febcde1d209f720f)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 15:50:49 by bors[bot]

Merge #113

113: Update coloredlogs to 14.0 r=duckinator a=pyup-bot


This PR updates [coloredlogs](https://pypi.org/project/coloredlogs) from **12.0** to **14.0**.



<details>
  <summary>Changelog</summary>
  
  
   ### 14.0
   ```
   ----------------------------

Integrate native Windows 10 support for ANSI escape sequences (`71`_, `72`_).

Native support for ANSI escape sequences was added to Windows 10 after its
initial release, specifically in release 10.0.14393. I&#39;ve now updated
:pypi:`coloredlogs` and :pypi:`humanfriendly` to detect and enable this &quot;new&quot;
native support.

Windows 10 seems to comprise the majority of Windows installations worldwide so
in the interest of &quot;looking forward&quot; I&#39;ve decided to drop the :pypi:`colorama`
requirement, given that it has now become a minority use case.

Hopefully most existing users will not experience any regression because they
previously installed :pypi:`colorama` already, and when available it will still
be used. However new installations on older Windows systems now require users
to install :pypi:`colorama` separately. This has been documented in the readme
in an attempt to minimize resulting confusion.

PS. In case anyone is wondering: I decided that giving a major Windows support
update in :pypi:`coloredlogs` the version 13.0 was asking for trouble, so I
decided not to do that 😇.

.. _Release 14.0: https://github.com/xolox/python-coloredlogs/compare/12.0...14.0
.. _71: https://github.com/xolox/python-coloredlogs/issues/71
.. _72: https://github.com/xolox/python-coloredlogs/pull/72
   ```
   
  
</details>


 

<details>
  <summary>Links</summary>
  
  - PyPI: https://pypi.org/project/coloredlogs
  - Changelog: https://pyup.io/changelogs/coloredlogs/
  - Docs: https://coloredlogs.readthedocs.io
</details>



Co-authored-by: pyup-bot <github-bot@pyup.io>

---
## [cossacklabs/themis](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis)@[f5d56952f7...](https://github.com/cossacklabs/themis/commit/f5d56952f71406471f24e2002cd46b7122ec3b88)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 17:30:53 by Alexei Lozovsky

Avoid overflows in JNI allocations (#639)

* Avoid overflows in JNI allocations

Themis Core API works with "size_t" for buffer size inputs and outputs,
that is uint32_t on 32-bit systems or uint64_t on 64-bit ones. In most
cases Themis data structures use uint32_t for data length fields,
allowing input data to be up to 4 GB long, theoretically.

On the other hand, JVM uses "int" type for its array indices, that is
int32_t everywhere, regardless of the host system. Note that it is a
*signed* integer, meaning that native JVM byte[] arrays cannot fit more
than 2 GB of data, inclusive. There are hacks to overcome this limit,
but with byte[] API -- as in Themis -- you are limited to 2 GB.

JNI type "jsize" reflects this limitation, it is defined to be "jint"
which is typically defined as "signed int", assuming 32-bit "int" types
on most modern platforms. Thanks to C being very safe language, sizes
bigger than 2^31-1 silently overflow into negative space and then it's
up to JNI to handle this situation. Desktop Java systems typically throw
a NegativeArraySizeException when trying to allocate an array with
negative size, but Android systems typically kill the process due to
an assertion failure.

In order to have predictable behavior in this case, check all sizes
before trying to allocate an array of that size, and exit with an error
if the allocation would overflow. This way instead of crashing we will
throw an appropriate Themis subsystem exception.

Note that in some cases the array sizes do not depend on user input, but
we still check just in case the Core library does something silly. In
other cases the output can get that big due to input being sufficiently
big -- slightly smaller than 2 GB, but enough for Themis data overhead
to push that over the 2 GB limit. However, in most cases this situation
can be triggered by corrupted input where the data length fields contain
values inconsistent with actual input size.

* Restore broken tests

With the JNI changes we can unignore a couple of tests for Token Protect
mode which actually discovered the overflows. Now Secure Cell should
correctly handle corrupted token values.

* Note the fix for crashes in changelog

Since it affects mostly Android, put the note into that section.

* Allow OutOfMemoryError in "swapTokenAndData" test

Here we use encrypted data as token which is essentially random.
Depending on how broken it turns out, Themis might genuinely believe
that this is a valid authentication token and proceed with allocation.
You get an exception if the allocation is bigger than JVM heap, which
it very well might be on emulated devices. Allow OutOfMemoryError to
happen in this test.

---
## [Stiopa866/Innocent-Eu4-mod](https://github.com/Stiopa866/Innocent-Eu4-mod)@[cca9bf8ca2...](https://github.com/Stiopa866/Innocent-Eu4-mod/commit/cca9bf8ca29d0bbb7886de9c9b99bd18b73f8016)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 22:02:01 by Stiopa866

Merge pull request #12 from Stiopa866/master

I hate my life

---
## [Firestarter/Campfire](https://github.com/Firestarter/Campfire)@[3a463f3a94...](https://github.com/Firestarter/Campfire/commit/3a463f3a94757ecdd4b4c4c0a516e7e9db7552f2)
#### Friday 2020-05-15 22:11:30 by Mykyta

☄ God what the hell I changed so much
Donor perks, new Gui system, code clean ups, try-with-resources, world border utils- a shit ton more.

---

# [<](2020-05-14.md) 2020-05-15 [>](2020-05-16.md)

