# [<](2020-02-08.md) 2020-02-09 [>](2020-02-10.md)

1,448,750 events, 814,454 push events, 1,166,181 commit messages, 73,980,047 characters


## [yellingviv/dungeons_on_demand@189215502d...](https://github.com/yellingviv/dungeons_on_demand/commit/189215502d045285b7ad54a7783259fd57552baa)
##### 2020-02-09 01:35:52 by vivienne

oh my god OH my GOD i imported babel twice and that is the reason for the misery but now it is fixed oh my fucking god

---
## [eugfoo/FinalEADP@96b594932b...](https://github.com/eugfoo/FinalEADP/commit/96b594932b1e9f5c6877d8570ba3150375091b4c)
##### 2020-02-09 01:54:17 by Azim212

WARNING! This is not a joke! Carry on reading or you will die! Once there was a little girl called Clarissa, she was ten years old and she lived in a mental hospital, because she killed her mom and her dad. She got so bad she went to kill all the staff in the hospital so the government decided that the best idea was to get rid of her so they set up a special room to kill her, as humanely as possible but it went wrong. The machine they were using went wrong. And she sat there in agony for hours until she finally died. Now every week on the day of her death, she returns to the person that reads this chain letter, on a monday night at 12:00a.m. She creeps into your room and kills you slowly, by cutting you and watching you bleed to death.

---
## [petre-symfony/form-symfony-system@b354192614...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/form-symfony-system/commit/b35419261411f19b527604c056ff3ce9b7c85f07)
##### 2020-02-09 07:02:44 by petrero

31.3.Form Type Extension{Registering the Form Type Extension; The form.type_extension Tag & autoconfigure}

Registering the Form Type Extension
The only new method is getExtendedType() - we'll talk about that in a second. To tell Symfony that this form type extension exists and to tell it that we want to extend the TextareaType, we need a little bit of config. This might look confusing at first. Let's code it up, then I'll explain.
Open config/services.yaml. And, at the bottom, we need to give our service a "tag". First, put the form class and below, add tags. The syntax here is a bit ugly: add a dash, open an array and set name to form.type_extension. Then I'll create a new line for my own sanity and add one more option extended_type. We need to set this to the form type class that we want to extend - so TextareaType. Let's cheat real quick: I'll use TextareaType, auto-complete that, copy the class, then delete that. Go paste it in the config. Oh, and I forgot my comma!
As soon as we do this, every time a TextareaType is created in the system, every method on our TextareaSizeExtension will be called. It's almost as if each of these methods actually lives inside of the TextareaType class! If we add some code to buildForm(), it's pretty much identical to opening up the TextareaType class and adding code right there!

The form.type_extension Tag & autoconfigure
Now, two important things. If you're using Symfony 4.2, then you do not need to add any of this code in services.yaml. Whenever you need to "plug into" some part of Symfony, internally, you do that by registering a service and giving it a "tag". The form.type_extension tag says:

  Hey Symfony! This isn't just a normal service! It's a form type extension! So make sure you use it for that!

But these days, you don't see "tags" much in Symfony. The reason is simple: for most things, Symfony looks at the interfaces that your service implements, and adds the correct tags automatically. In Symfony 4.1 and earlier, this does not happen for the FormTypeExtensionInterface. But in Symfony 4.2... it does! So, no config needed... at all.
But then, how does Symfony know which form type we want to extend in Symfony 4.2? The getExtendedType() method! Inside, return TextareaType::class. And yea, we also need to fill in this method in Symfony 4.1... it's a bit redundant, which is why Symfony 4.2 will be so much cooler.

 Tip

Since Symfony 4.2 getExtendedType() method is deprecated in favor of getExtendedTypes() but you still need a dummy implementation of getExtendedType()

---
## [petre-symfony/form-symfony-system@4c4928d893...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/form-symfony-system/commit/4c4928d89355405ef006dc1f9dc9adb87a5986c7)
##### 2020-02-09 09:15:46 by petrero

33.3.Form Model Classes (DTOs){Validation Constraints}

Validation Constraints
Mission accomplished! Right? Wait, no! We forgot about validation! For example, check out the email field on User: we did add some @Assert constraints above this! But... now that our form is not bound to a User object, these constraints are not being read! It is now reading the annotations off of these properties... and we don't have any!
Go back to your browser, inspect element on the form and add the novalidate attribute. Hit register to submit the form blank. Ah! We do have some validation: for the password and agree to terms fields. Why? Because those constraints were added into the form class itself.
Let's start fixing things up. Above the email property, paste the two existing annotations. I do need a use statement for this: I'll cheat - add another @Email, hit tab - there's the use statement - and then delete that extra line.
At this point, if you want to, you can remove these annotations from your User class. But, because we might use the User class on a form somewhere else - like an edit profile form - I'll keep them there.
One of the really nice things about using a form model class is that we can remove the constraints from the form and put them in the model class so that we have everything in one place. Above $plainPassword, add @Assert\NotBlank() and @Assert\Length(). Let's pass in the same options: message="" and copy that from the form class. Then copy the minMessage string, add min=5, minMessage= and paste.
Finally, above agreeTerms, go copy the message from the form, and add the same @Assert\IsTrue() with message= that message.
Awesome! Let's celebrate by removing these from our form! Woo! Time to try it! Find your browser, refresh and... ooook - annotations parse error! It's a Ryan mistake! Let's go fix that - ah - what can I say? I love quotes!
Try it again. Much better! All the validation constraints are being cleanly read from our model class.
Except... for one. Go back to your User class: there was one more validation annotation on it: @UniqueEntity(). Copy this, go back into UserRegistrationFormModel and paste this above the class. We need a special use statement for this, so I'll re-type it, hit tab and... there it is! This annotation happens to live in a different namespace than all the others.
Let's try this - refresh. Woh! Huge error!

  Unable to find the object manager associated with an entity of class UserRegistrationFormModel

It thinks our model class is an entity! And, bad news friends: it is not possible to make UniqueEntity work on a class that is not an entity class. That's a bummer, but we can fix it: by creating our very-own custom validation constraint. Let's do that next!

---
## [SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended@dd330631db...](https://github.com/SLASHEM-Extended/SLASHEM-Extended/commit/dd330631db75ba12fe430b286329a656c137d0f9)
##### 2020-02-09 09:21:59 by AmyBSOD

Can finally set "no autopickup types"

That was ANNOYING!!! If I disable them all because I want to autopickup only thrown items, it should - damn it all - autopickup only thrown items! What the hell were you thinking? If I want to autopickup everything, I'll check all the item types! It makes NO sense that unchecking them all also picks them all!

---
## [vawser/Cinders-DS3@465a8364ca...](https://github.com/vawser/Cinders-DS3/commit/465a8364caef8d57fb08f9ba33d2725872081b10)
##### 2020-02-09 12:49:29 by Vawser

Update

- Fume Sword now matches its DS2 gameplay design (physical/dark).
- Fool's Flame is now found in Irithyll.
- The Champion's Gravetender boss is now called the Triad, and considers of The Lord's Blade, the Dragonslayer and the Executioner. Upon killing them, you receive the Lord's Blade Set.
- Dream bosses now give normal soul amounts.
- Dream bosses now drop Primordial Titanite, but at a % chance in most cases. Does not scale with Luck.
- All bosses except the Ancient Wyvern now potentially drop Primordial Titanite again.
- Missionary Axe is now found in a chest in Undead Settlement (no longer dropped by the Evangelists).
- Stray Demons in Smouldering Lake are now appropriately tanky.
- Increased the drop rate of covenant items from the covenant emblems.
- Removed the Beastly Flesh item.
- Weapons with innate split damage have been buffed to account for the multiple defences/absorptions they have to go through.
- Symbol of Avarice now drops from a mimic in Smouldering Lake. It is no longer a random drop from any of them.
- Ring of Steel Protection: Grants 10/12/14/16% Physical Absorption
- Flame Stoneplate Ring: Grants 10/12/14/16% Fire Absorption
- Thunder Stoneplate Ring: Grants 10/12/14/16% Lightning Absorption
- Magic Stoneplate Ring: Grants 10/12/14/16% Magic Absorption
- Dark Stoneplate Ring: Grants 10/12/14/16% Dark Absorption
- Speckled Stoneplate Ring: Grants 5/6/7/8% Elemental Absorption
- Greatwood Remnants: Increases physical defence by 75 but increases evasive stamina consumption by 50%.
- Londor Tincture: Restores 8 HP per second whilst below 50% HP.
- Band of Stone: Increases Physical defense by 50/60/70/80
- Band of Magic: Increases Magic defense by 50/60/70/80
- Band of Flame: Increases Fire defense by 50/60/70/80
- Band of Sparks: Increases Lightning defense by 50/60/70/80
- Band of Darkness: Increases Dark defense by 50/60/70/80
- Normalized the scale, bringing up the mid armors in terms of absorption, but lowering the heavy and light armors.
- Reduced the slash/strike/thrust absorption values to be inline with the standard absorption.
- Lowered the poise on light/ultra light armors.
- Changed the curve on defense from stats to slow gain during the early levels.
- Removed defense gain from soul level.
- Increased the scaling multipliers for the Primordial reinforcement levels by 0.25 (was 1.75, now 2).

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@32d1bc8da1...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/32d1bc8da188c03da8d5bc206f69ac8a326b3ea1)
##### 2020-02-09 14:30:07 by Marko Grdinić

"2:05pm. Done with both breakfast and the book. It was brutal, I loved it. If this is anything to go by, Astrid's story (it is by the same author) is going to be sick.

Ok...here is the plan. More chilling, then chores, then I will resume work. I needed today as a reward.

Sure, I could read stuff past 6pm, but leisure is not nearly as fun when you are tired.

2:10pm. Today, rather than starting work on the typechecker, what I will do is go from the other end and investigate how VSCode plugins work. I'll take a look at a few tutorials. I know nothing about it at this point, hopefully I won't have to write JS wrappers by hand. VSCode is pretty popular and made by MS so there should be a .NET bridge somewhere.

3:10pm. Done with chores. Finally, I can do a bit of work. I am in high spirits. That story was just what I needed. I actually had high expectations and they were met.

3:15pm. On the subject of typechecking, I've been thinking of trying out TAPL again, but I've learned from my experience well enough by now. Books, especially PL books are pretty useless. PL aspires to be math, but it really should be more algorithmically inclined in order to be useful.

Algorithms are the true science. Everything of value in the world can be found in algorithms. Even before the age of computers and before science got overtaken by charlatanism of the current age, the search for algorithms is what drove development.

I really got taken for a hard ride by the math meme, and I won't fall for the same trick again.

3:20pm. I got sidetracked. Today let me just do some research on VSCode itself. I'll take it easy until I am ready, and then go all in.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tk0Ak-dEjs
How to Create a VSCode Extension

I guess I'll start with these baby videos and go from there."

---
## [jkatz/postgres-operator@8e97e41464...](https://github.com/jkatz/postgres-operator/commit/8e97e414645d8b7517437dd24b50b36e8242376d)
##### 2020-02-09 16:29:00 by Jonathan S. Katz

Add support for PostgreSQL tablespaces

Tablespaces can be used to spread out PostgreSQL workloads across
multiple volumes, which can be used for a variety of use cases:

- Partitioning larger data sets
- Putting data onto archival systems
- Utilizing hardware (or a storage class) for a particular database
object, e.g. an index

and more.

Tablespaces can be created via the `pgo create cluster` command using
the `--tablespaces` flag. The arguments to `--tablespaces` can be passed
in via a command-separated list; each argument consister of two values:

- The name of the tablespace
- The type of storage to use for the tablespace

For example:

  pgo create cluster hacluster --tablespaces=ts=nfsstorage

All tablespaces are mounted in the `/tablespaces` directory. The
PostgreSQL Operator manages the mount points and persistent volume
claims (PVCs) for the tablespaces, and ensures they are available
throughout all of the PostgreSQL lifecycle operations, including:

- Provisioning
- Backup & Restore
- High-Availability, Failover, Healing
- Clone

etc.

Two additional values were added to the pgcluster CRD:

- TablespaceMounts: a map of the name of the tablespace and its
associated storage.

Tablespaces are automatically created in the PostgreSQL cluster. You can
access them as soon as the cluster is initialized. For example, using
the tablespace created above, you could create a table on the tablespace
`ts` with the following SQL:

  CREATE TABLE (id int) TABLESPACE ts;

Presently, tablespaces can only be added to a PostgreSQL cluster when
it is initialized. Based on usage, future work will look to making this
more flexible. Dropping tablespaces can be tricky as no objects must
exist on a tablespace in order for PostgreSQL to drop it (i.e. there is
no DROP TABLESPACE .. CASCADE command).

Co-authored-by: Brian Faherty <anothergenericuser@gmail.com>
Issue: [ch6495]

---
## [alito/mamele@f3d0c29e11...](https://github.com/alito/mamele/commit/f3d0c29e118cdbcbd7720ca3259d31ef259b2430)
##### 2020-02-09 17:49:18 by Firehawke

December Apple update per usual (#6078)

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Koronis Rift, Tangled Tales, Nord and Bert Couldn't Make Head or Tail of It (Release 19 / 870722), Drug Alert!, In Search of the Most Amazing Thing [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: The Boy Jesus (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

Also correct several titles via anoid PM...

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Dinosaur Days Plus!, Now You See It, Now You Don't - Was it there? Was it missing?, Into The Eagle's Nest, Ecology Simulations II, Thrilogy [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: In Search of the Most Amazing Thing (First Revision) (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

* Slight adjustment to the description on the Apple II softlists (nw)

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Space Quest: The Sarien Encounter, Portal, Earth Orbit Stations, Adventure [4am, Firehawke]

* apple2_flop_clcracked: Replace Music Construction Set (cleanly cracked) to fix damaged sector.

* Remove A2 misc dump of Marble Madness. Second disk is dupe of first. No cracktro or other reason to keep this over the cleanly cracked copy. (nw)

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: SwordThrust, The Hunt for Red October, Galactic Attack, Journey (version 16), Southern Command, Wizardry IV: The Return of Werdna, Arthur: The Quest for Excalibur, The Bard's Tale [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: MicroChess (Version 2.0) (cleanly cracked). The Spy's Adventures in North America (Version 1987-10-31) (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

* New working software list additions
-----------------------------------

apple2_flop_orig: Adventure Construction Set, The Ancient Art of War, Borg [4am, Firehawke]

apple2_flop_clcracked: Magic Mailer (Version 1.1) (cleanly cracked), Mind Over Minors (cleanly cracked), Temple of Apshai (cleanly cracked) [4am, Firehawke]

---
## [petre-symfony/form-symfony-system@a7f889399c...](https://github.com/petre-symfony/form-symfony-system/commit/a7f889399c7471e74396a4d0500a00d0475793e1)
##### 2020-02-09 18:38:36 by petrero

41.4.A bit of Security Cleanup{Fetch EXTRA_LAZY}

Using the @method in BaseController
Ok, one more thing - and it's also unrelated to forms. Open BaseController. By extending AbstractController, this class gives us all the great shortcut method we love but it also overrides getUser() so that our editor knows that this method will return our specific User class.
After we did this, a wonderful SymfonyCasts user pointed out that the getUser() method on the parent class is marked as final with @final. When something is final it means that we are not allowed to override it. Symfony could enforce this by changing the method to be final protected function getUser(). Then, we would get an error! But, Symfony often uses the softer @final comment, which is just documentation, either to prevent breaking backward compatibility or because it's harder for Symfony to unit test code that has final methods.
Anyways, the method is intended to be final, which means that we're not supposed to override it. So, delete the method in our class. There's another nice solution anyways: above the class add @method User getUser().
That's it! That does the exact same thing: it hints to our IDE that the getUser() method returns our User object. Back in ArticleAdminController, if we delete getArticles() and re-type... yep! It works!
Phew! Amazing job people! That was a huge topic to get through. Seriously, congrats!
The Symfony form system is both massively powerful and, in some places, quite complex. It has the power to make you incredibly productive or just as unproductive if you use it in the wrong place or the wrong ways. So, be smart: and follow these two rules.
One: if your form looks quite different than your entity, either remove the data_class option and use the associative array the form gives you to do your work or bind your form to a model class. Two: if your form has a complex frontend with a lot of AJAX and updating, it might be easier - and a better user experience - if you skip the form and write everything with JavaScript. Use this tool in the right places, and you'll be happy.
Let me know what you guys are building! And, as always, if you have any questions, ask us down in the comments.
Alright friends, see ya next time.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language@8dfbfe1670...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/8dfbfe167016dce03f29e774f7465b852ffbc72e)
##### 2020-02-09 21:26:40 by Marko Grdinić

"4:10pm. Focus me, focus. Read the documentation, not Twitter posts.

4:25pm. Focus, focus...

There is a bunch in the documentation on language plugins. That is what i need to study.

4:50pm. https://code.visualstudio.com/api/language-extensions/programmatic-language-features
"The process seems more complicated, but it provides two major benefits:

The Language Server can be written in any language
The Language Server can be reused to provide smart editing features for multiple editors"

So LSP is what I need.

4:55pm. I've come to a design decision.

I think that for the real segment, I will just disallow let statements due to their awkwardness there.

There is just no need to bother with them there.

5:05pm. https://code.visualstudio.com/api/language-extensions/language-server-extension-guide
"However, while implementing support for language features in VS Code, we found three common problems:

First, Language Servers are usually implemented in their native programming languages, and that presents a challenge in integrating them with VS Code, which has a Node.js runtime."

Yeah, this is the thing I've been wondering all this time. So far all the examples I've seen have been in Typescript. I certanly cannot reimplement all the necessary stuff in TS.

5:30pm. Done with lunch. Let me resume this.

6:05pm. Usually at this point I would stop for the day, but since I slacked so much earlier in the day, I will just continue for a while longer.

https://martinbjorkstrom.com/posts/2018-11-29-creating-a-language-server

This is what I am reading now.

Creating a LSP will really be a pain in the ass it seems, at least in the beginning.

http://www.omnisharp.net/
"OmniSharp is a set of tooling, editor integrations and libraries that together create an ecosystem that allows you to have a great programming experience no matter what your editor and operating system of choice may be."

I guess I will try installing this.

https://www.nuget.org/packages/OmniSharp.Extensions.LanguageServer/
"You can use this package to create a language server, that will be consumed by many clients"

Definitely sounds like what I need.

6:40pm. https://github.com/fsprojects/fsharp-language-server/blob/master/src/FSharpLanguageServer/Program.fs

I am currently looking at the stuff here. I hadn't realized LSP communicates using JSON.

6:50pm. https://github.com/fsprojects/fsharp-language-server

Ok, this is interesting. I might want to clone this and use it as a template.

I'll leave studying it as plan B.

Plan A will be to go with...

https://martinbjorkstrom.com/posts/2018-11-29-creating-a-language-server

I will study this in the depth and try to get something basic running tomorrow. Something that highlights some keywords in red, or basic autocomplte a -> abc. Something dumb like that to serve as hello world icebreaker.

6:55pm. I need to do this. Eventually I am going to figure out how to deal with all the type system features that Spiral requires, so it makes sense to start from the other end. Typechecking is not a big challenge by itself.

Unless I constantly want to jump back and forth between scripts like I did in v0.09, I need to write my own tooling. I can't leave this for later or to some adoring fan of Spiral. I can't leave the tough and dirty stuff to others. I need to do it myself.

7pm. The language that I am creating here is my own power that will sustain me.

It is a much bigger and better fishing net than v0.09.

7:05pm. All in all, I am glad I decided to go down this route. The question of designing let statements gave me a lot of consternation, but it seems leaving it out is the right answer.

The vast majority of Spiral code is going to be in the inferred segment, so I should kill myself trying to put special syntax into the thing.

I already mastered partial evaluation aspects with 0.09. Once I do the tooling and the typechecking, I will have mastered the low style of programming. The low style is the best style.

The higher (dependently typed) style is more expressive, but dependent types are a productivity wreck. They also necessitate dynamic runtimes so that makes the kind of use cases I am trying to hit with Spiral out of reach.

...Ah, damn it. I should studied physics in 2019 instead of type theory.

...I do not really mean it. I really did need to go through this once to form a proper view on math itself.

Well, things will go quietly.

It is really a pity RL is broken, but that will give me time to give Spiral another chance. This time I will do things right.

7:20pm. I won't abandon it again. This time for sure, I will turn it into power.

Without a doubt, better, newer hardware will uncover new vistas of research just like GPUs have.

I was just a bystander in the 10s. I was there when Hinton announced his breakthrough results in the Coursera course back in 2012. If possible, the next time that happens I want to be in the thick of things having anticipated what is to come.

The story of AI won't end here. It won't petter out here only to resurface 50-100 years from now.

The story of the coming Singularity will play out right here and in my lifetime. The true players are those actively trying to grasp the future.

They are never those who are making noise and just talking about it."

---
## [sigmaupsilon/mpv@cce7062a8a...](https://github.com/sigmaupsilon/mpv/commit/cce7062a8a6b6a3b3666aea3ff86db879cba67b6)
##### 2020-02-09 23:50:55 by wm4

lua: fix highly security relevant arbitrary code execution bug

It appears Lua's package paths try to load .lua files from the current
working directory. Not only that, but also shared libraries.

  WHAT THE FUCK IS WHOEVER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS FUCKING DOING?

mpv isn't setting this package path; currently it's only extending it.
In any sane world, this wouldn't be a default. Most programs use
essentially random working directories and don't change it.

I cannot comprehend what bullshit about "convenience" or whatever made
them do something this broken and dangerous. Thousands of programs using
Lua out there will try to randomly load random code from random
directories.

In mpv's case, this is so security relevant, because mpv is normally
used from the command line, and you will most likely actually change
into your media directory or whatever with the shell, and play a file
from there. No, you don't want to load a (probably downloaded) shared
library from this directory if a script try to load a system lib with
the same name or so.

I'm not sure why LUA_PATH_DEFAULT in luaconf.h (both upstream and the
Debian version) put "./?.lua" at the end, but in any case, trying to
load a module that doesn't exist nicely lists all package paths in
order, and confirms it tries to load files from the working directory
first (anyone can try this). Even if it didn't, this would be
problematic at best.

Note that scripts are _not_ sandboxed. They're allowed to load system
libraries, which is also why we want to keep the non-idiotic parts of
the package paths.

Attempt to fix this by filtering out relative paths. This is a bit
fragile and not very great for something security related, but probably
the best we can do without having to make assumptions about the target
system file system layout. Also, someone else can fix this for Windows.

Also replace ":" with ";" (for the extra path). On a side note, this
extra path addition is just in this function out of laziness, since
I'd rather not have 2 functions with edit the package path.

mpv in default configuration (i.e. no external scripts) is probably not
affected. All builtin scripts only "require" preloaded modules, which,
in a stroke of genius by the Lua developers, are highest priority in the
load order. Otherwise, enjoy your semi-remote code execution bug.

Completely unrelated this, I'm open for scripting languages and
especially implementations which are all around better than Lua, and are
suited for low footprint embedding.

---
## [sigmaupsilon/mpv@31acec5438...](https://github.com/sigmaupsilon/mpv/commit/31acec543819cf56d63dddae59507858b1229b75)
##### 2020-02-09 23:50:55 by wm4

path: change win32 semantics for joining drive-relative paths

win32 is a cursed abomination which has "drive letters" at the root of
the filesystem namespace for no reason. This requires special handling
beyond tolerating the idiotic "\" path separator.

Even more cursed is the fact that a path starting with a drive letter
can be a relative path. For example, "c:billsucks" is actually a
relative path to the current working directory of the C drive. So for
example if the current working directory is "c:/windowsphone", then
"c:billsucks" would reference "c:/windowsphone/billsucks".

You should realize that win32 is a ridiculous satanic trash fire by the
point you realize that win32 has at least 26 current working
directories, one for each drive letter.

Anyway, the actual problem is that mpv's mp_path_join() function would
return a relative path if an absolute relative path is joined with a
drive-relative path. This should never happen; I bet it breaks a lot of
assumptions (maybe even some security or safety relevant ones, but
probably not).

Since relative drive paths are such a fucked up shit idea, don't try to
support them "properly", and just solve the problem at hand. The
solution produces a path that should be invalid on win32.

Joining two relative paths still behaves the same; this is probably OK
(maybe).

The change isn't very minimal due to me rewriting parts of it without
strict need, but I don't care.

Note that the Python os.path.join() function (after which the mpv
function was apparently modeled) has the same problem.

---

# [<](2020-02-08.md) 2020-02-09 [>](2020-02-10.md)

