# [<](2020-05-26.md) 2020-05-27 [>](2020-05-28.md)

2,655,116 events, 1,280,079 push events, 2,113,749 commit messages, 156,913,033 characters


## [nixcloud/ip2unix](https://github.com/nixcloud/ip2unix)@[8e10ef2d1d...](https://github.com/nixcloud/ip2unix/commit/8e10ef2d1d76ba8835735eaab167e77de34df88a)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 03:32:38 by aszlig

Split main executable and preload library

Since glibc version 2.30, using dlopen or LD_PRELOAD on PIE
objects/executables is no longer allowed and doing so will result in an
error like this:

  ERROR: ld.so: object ... from LD_PRELOAD cannot be preloaded (cannot
                dynamically load position-independent executable):
                ignored.

The upstream patch that introduced this change can be found here:

https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/patch/1055380/

Also linked over there is the comment to the bugtracker, with the
quote from https://sourceware.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=11754#c13:

> We cannot support this because it is not possible to perform correct
> relocations if another executable has already been loaded. There is
> also no way to correctly execute the ELF constructors of the second
> executable.

> If you want to inject code into another executable, you can use
> LD_PRELOAD or LD_AUDIT, which does not have these problems.

So if I understand this correctly, we shouldn't be affected since we
first of all actually *want* to override symbols and second, we already
have a linker script that should make sure that we don't "leak" out too
many symbols.

Nevertheless however, I decided that the best way to move forward is to
split up the library and the executable since it probably would result
in less trouble on other platforms.

Unfortunately, having a separate library makes things a bit more
complicated, since the executable no longer just needs to find itself
and use itself in LD_PRELOAD.

My first attempt was to hardcode the path to the installed library
location into the source code of the executable, but this not only made
it difficult to relocate the library but we'd also need a way to specify
a different location during our tests.

The next attempt was to use utilise the runtime dynamic loader via
dlopen() to find the library. This however would also mean that we'd
actually need to know the shared library suffix and library name for the
dlopen call.

However, Meson currently doesn't seem to have a very good way to refer
to the shared library prefix and the only way to figure out the name was
to use .full_path() on the shared library. The latter however doesn't
return the *installed* location and getting just the basename would also
mean using another run_command() call during build.

Another idea I was toying around was to actually link the library to the
main executable, so that even when shrinking/stripping the rpath, both
will always be linked together in one form or another and to use
dladdr() or /proc/self/maps to determine the path from the loaded
library. Unfortunately this approach is not very portable since dladdr()
is a nonstandord GNU extension.

To make sure I'm not missing anything I went to the #mesonbuild IRC
channel to ask for best practices and @eli-schwartz managed to convince
me (thanks!) to indeed go for the last route by refering to the
following SO question:

https://stackoverflow.com/q/43409167

The comments/answers pretty much cover all the systems we're trying to
support and we probably won't ever be able to be *fully* cross- platform
since we already wrap a particular kind of socket interface.

Additionally, this solution also seems to be the one that has the least
amount of predetermined breaking points and we don't need to hardcode
anything or implement funny heuristics to search for the library.

Right now, I've only provided an implementation for GNU/Linux, since I
don't have a Darwin machine. Adding support however shouldn't be that
hard and will be coming soon.

Signed-off-by: aszlig <aszlig@nix.build>

---
## [MinestrapTeam/Minestrapp-1.12](https://github.com/MinestrapTeam/Minestrapp-1.12)@[875c4fbf8e...](https://github.com/MinestrapTeam/Minestrapp-1.12/commit/875c4fbf8e838367eed597189c3ea334050ce001)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 05:39:48 by Delocuro

More Minor Fixes

- Fixed Glowing Stained Glass showing all faces of the block even when
next to other Glowing Stained Glass of the same type.
- Maybe fixed Glowing Stained Glass issue that prevented it from working
with Chisels and Bits?
- Fixed Spikes deleting experience orbs that land on top of them.
- Fixed Blazium Spikes being able to delete items.
- Added crafting/crushing recipes for turning Palm Fronds/Dead Palm
Fronds into Plant Fibers.
- Started working on Seed Bags again, and then immediately gave up after
remembering how fucking stupid NBT tags are.
- Fixed Sawmill GUI missing its localization.

---
## [gitHost4Gamerz/Train-Game](https://github.com/gitHost4Gamerz/Train-Game)@[a67059def5...](https://github.com/gitHost4Gamerz/Train-Game/commit/a67059def5b5e3bc6640d9413fe56770951d139c)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 05:43:01 by Charles Painter

We did it! Now, it's time to suffer!

Good news, pard! The train IS finally frame consistent! No matter the resolution, the train moves the same distance (with a very very tiny variance). 

Now for the new issue - track swapping still does not work. There is a reason for this - but it is consistent between going forwards and backwards, which is good. If we solve one, it'll solve the other.

Originally, the reason why there was backwards stutter was because of two things: one, there was a subtraction instead of an addition in the code. And two, we move slower backwards than we do forwards, and that exposes the issue.

When we move to swap tracks, we have to enter a threshold of distanceTravelled + 0.1 being greater than trackLength. The only problem with that, is at lower speeds where we update our position by smaller values, we can be in that range without having made it to the end. This causes our offset on the next track to be negative, holding us in place for a frame or two. That's how you get stutter.

Our idea to combat this was to take a proactive approach. On any frame, we check to see if distanceTravelled + amount is greater than trackLength. If so, on the NEXT frame we swap to the next track and set our offset value to distanceTravelled - prevTrack.trackLength. Then, we set our distanceTravelled to our offset value, therefore placing us the distance we have gone past the track.

This way we are ready to swap on the frame we need to, because we always check the frame before. It should work. It doesn't. Something weird is going on, and the math just straight up isn't working (you can watch it not work in the editor). Life is pain. I am suffering. I'm gonna sleep on it. Suffering 100 not chungus everybody disliked that reddit.com FREE stanger things season 4 download https://omfgdogs.com

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[5a37d293a6...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/5a37d293a62b1856f3665cef9703cbdc97641b71)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 08:38:36 by wiz

Update to 1.9706:

1.9706	[2007-02-25]
	- with bleadperl in VMS the HiRes.t overrun the maximum number
	  of deferred signals because the libc SIGALRM was not strong
	  enough to interrupt select(), and select() got restarted every
	  time, solution is to use POSIX::SigAction if available.
	  A fix from Craig Berry (not 100% there, but helps).
	- allow for more measuring noise for ualarm() tests 35..37

1.9705	[2007-02-06]
	- nanosleep() and clock_nanosleep() detection and use were
	  quite broken; in Linux -lrt needed; fixes from Zefram
	- [internal] slightly cleaner building of $DEFINE in Makefile.PL,
	  should avoid double/conflicting -D flags

1.9704	[2007-01-01]
	- allow 10% of slop in test #14 (testing difference between
	  CORE::time() and Time::HiRes::time()), there seem to be often
	  transient failures from Perl smoke builds on this test
	- small pod tweaks

1.9703	[2006-12-08]
	- use int main(int argc, char **argv) consistently in Makefile.PL,
	  should help with
	  [rt.cpan.org #23868] nanosleep not detected under Mac OS 10.3.9 starting with Time::HiRes 1.96
	- if someone still has the locale-broken Perl 5.8.0,
	  suggest that they upgrade their Perl

1.9702	[2006-12-06]
	- restore the -DATLEASTFIVEOHOHFIVE, Win32 needed it still

1.9701	[2006-12-04]
	- upgrade to ppport.h 3.10_02
	- remove the -DATLEASTFIVEOHOHFIVE
	- use the ppport.h PL_ppaddr, PL_statcache, PL_laststatval
	- use the ppport.h aTHXR for calling Perl stat()
	- switch into four-digit version since 2.0 is coming up
	  awfully fast but not feeling like a major rewrite

1.97	[2006-11-30]
	- 1.95 broke building in Win32 (since pp_stat is not exported),
	  figured out how to call an op directly in 5.005 (use Perl_ppaddr
	  instead of PL_ppaddr)
	- backport to Perl 5.004_05  (requires using statcache
	  and laststatval instead of PL_statcache and PL_laststatval)
	  (also checked to work in 5.005_04, 5.6.1, and 5.8.8 with threads)

1.96	[2006-11-30]
	- 1.95 broke builds for threaded Perls, rt.cpan.org tickets:
	  [rt.cpan.org #23694] Time::HiRes fails tests on Solaris and Perl 5.6.1
	  [rt.cpan.org #23712] Time-HiRes 1.95 Fails make on AIX 5.2 with Perl 5.8.8
	  [rt.cpan.org #23730] Time::HiRes 1.95 fails make on MacOS X 10.3.9/perl 5.8.8
	- use main() prototype consistently in Makefile.PL

1.95	[2006-11-29]
	- integrate core change #29180: Silence VC++ compiler warnings
	  from Steve Hay
	- do not use PL_ppaddr in stat() because that is not available
	  in Perl 5.005_04
	- regenerate fallback/*.inc for older Perls without
          ExtUtils::Constant because of d_hires_stat, resolves
	  [rt.cpan.org #23694] Time::HiRes fails tests on Solaris and Perl 5.6.1
	- Make Makefile.PL more defensive against false PERL_CORE

1.94	[2006-10-16]
	- file timestamps oddities seen: the atime and mtime
	  can be out of sync (modify first and read second can leave
	  atime < mtime) and mtime can be subsecond while atime is not.
	  So make the test more forgiving.

1.93	[2006-10-15]
	- the ualarm() tests (34-37) assumed that ualarm(N)
	  could never alarm in less than N seconds, widened
	  the acceptable relative range to 0.9..1.5.  Addresses
	  [rt.cpan.org #22090] and [rt.cpan.org #22091].

	- skip the stat() tests in cygwin and win32, because
	  if run on FAT the timestamp granularity is only 2 seconds.
	  Any good way to detect (cygwin or win32) whether we are
	  being run on NTFS or anywhere with better timestamps?
	  Addresses [rt.cpan.org #22089] and [rt.cpan.org #22098].

1.92	[2006-10-13]
	- scan for subsecond resolution timestamps in struct stat,
	  some known possibilities:

	  (1)  struct  timespec st_atimespec;
                                st_atimespec.tv_nsec;
	  (2)  time_t  st_atime;
	       long    st_atimensec;
          (3)  time_t  st_atime;
               int     st_atime_n;
	  (4)  timestruc_t st_atim;
                           st_atim.tv_nsec
	  (5)  time_t  st_atime;
               int     st_uatime;

          If something like this is found, one can do

	    use Time::HiRes;
	    my @stat = Time::HiRes::stat();

	  or even override the standard stat():

	    use Time::HiRes qw(stat);

          to get the stat() timestamps

	    my ($atime, $mtime, $ctime) = @stat[8, 9, 10];

	  with subsecond resolution (assuming both the operating
	  system and the filesystem support that kind of thing).

	  Contributions for more systems (especially non-UNIX,
	  e.g. but not limited to: Win32, VMS, OS/2) gladly accepted.
	  (also more UNIX variants welcome: HP-UX? IRIX?)

	  Thanks to H.Merijn Brand, John Peacock, and Craig
	  Berry for brave beta testing.

1.91	[2006-09-29]
	- ualarm() in SuSE 10.1 was overflowing after ~4.2 seconds,
	  possibly due to a glibc bug/feature (suspected overflow at
	  2**32 microseconds?), workaround by using the setitimer()
	  implementation of ualarm() if either useconds or
	  interval > 999_999 (this case seems to vary between systems:
	  are useconds more than 999_999 for ualarm() defined or not)
	  Added more ualarm() tests to catch various overflow points,
	  hopefully no problems in various platforms.
	  (The problem report by Mark Seger and Jon Paul Sullivan of HP.)

1.90	[2006-08-22]
	- tweak still needed for Const64(), from Jerry Hedden
	- get a freshly generated ppport.h
	- update Copyright years

1.89	[2006-08-22]
	- Const64() already appends an 'LL' (or i64), so provide LL and i64
	  forms for the IV_1E[679] (effects Win32 and Cygwin), reported by
	  Jerry Hedden.
	- the Changes entry for 1.88 talked about [IN]V_1[679],
	  missing the 'E'.

1.88	[2006-08-21]
	- clean up the g++ warnings in HiRes.xs, all of them
	  about mixing integer and floating point, introduce
	  constants IV_1E[679] and NV_1E[679]

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[ca39164b94...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/ca39164b9470627a26dc3f735c49d34482304cfb)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 08:38:36 by wiz

Update to 0.52:

0.52, released Jan 22, 2007

Belatedly update the SVN::Web installation to note that Subversion
1.4.0 or above is now required to use SVN::Web.

0.51, released Jan 15, 2007

C<reposparent> functionality was inadvertently broken in 0.50.  This
release fixes that.  This was rt#24377 reported by Christoph Buescher
<Christoph.Buescher@fiducia.de>.

0.50, released Jan 12, 2007

SVN::Web now supports accessing repositories that are B<not> on the same
host as the SVN::Web installation.  Repositories can be accessed using
the I<file:///>, I<http://>, and I<svn://> protocols.

A mechanism for configuring which actions are available on each page has
been introduced.  See L<SVN::Web/"Action menu configuration"> for more.

A new action, L<SVN::Web::Blame> has been introduced.  This generates
output that shows the Subversion annotation/blame information for a
file.

Diff output (from L<SVN::Web::Diff> and L<SVN::Web::Revision>) is now
generated by Subversion, rather than SVN::Web.  This makes diff
generation much faster, and much less memory intensive.  However, it
has meant that the I<context> option is no longer available.

There are several small tweaks to the diff and revision output.

Refactoring and rewriting has meant that L<Digest::MD5>, L<Text::Diff>,
and L<Text::Diff::HTML> are no longer prequisites.

A bug has been fixed in RSS generation.  The contents of the
<description> element are now wrapped in CDATA markers to ensure that
any embedded markup is preserved.

There is now support for keeping localisation files in arbitrary
directories, configured by the C<language_dirs> configuration option.
This makes it simpler to maintain your own localisation files outside
of SVN::Web, and makes it easier to integrate third party actions in
to an SVN::Web installation.

See L<SVN::Web/Languages> and L<SVN::Web::I18N> for more details.

The Template::Toolkit C<log_msg> meta-filter has been replaced with a
Template::Toolkit MACRO, defined in F<_log_msg>.  The effect is the
same, but this approach affords more flexibility (e.g., having
different log message filters per repository).

The log template now supports rudimentary 'paging' through the log
messages.  I<Proper> paging support requires new functionality in
Subversion.  Selecting the number of log messages to show per page
is also more straightforward.

L<SVN::Web::Revision> supports a C<max_diff_size> configuration option
to cope with revisions which may generate huge diffs.

The configuration file (F<config.yaml>) must contain a C<version> key,
otherwise a fatal error is generated.

Most extraneous whitespace is now removed from the templates when output
is being produced.

Documentation bug rt#22282, reported by Andrew Sterling Hanenkamp
<sterling@hanenkamp.com>, has been fixed.

0.49, released Aug 23, 2006

SVN::Web now properly supports Apache 2 / mod_perl 2.  In addition, the
test suite contains tests that work under Apache 2, and ensure that
future changes should not introduce regressions in this functionality.

File::Spec is now used when constructing filesystem paths, instead of
assuming that the directory separator is F</>.  This should allow the
use of native paths on Windows, e.g. F<< C:\path\to\svnweb >>.

A bug in the mod_perl handler meant that the [% script %] directive
wasn't generating fully qualified links.  This resulted in links in
the RSS feed being relative.  This is now fixed.  Reported by
Dietrich Streifert <dietrich.streifert@visionet.de>.

When testing the generated F<httpd.conf> includes an explicit
C<ServerName> directive, removing a warning on some hosts.  Reported
in rt#20170 by <fiajro@cy.ath.cx>.

Set permissions on the temporary directories when running tests as
root.  Otherwise they fail.  Reported in rt#20170 by
<fiajro@cy.ath.cx>.

Fix a bug encounted on Solaris.  SVN::Core::time_from_cstring() was
returning negative numbers.

The questions that are asked when running C<< perl Build.PL >> can now
be answered and/or skipped by passing command line options to F<Build.PL>.
Run C<< perldoc Build.PL >> for the documentation options.

Paths to Apache modules are no longer hardcoded in F<conf/httpd.tt>.
C<apxs> is used to retrieve the value of the Apache library directory.
In addition, the name of the mod_perl .so file is now configurable, as
different systems call it different things.

Included documentation on using SVN::Web with the IIS web server.
Submitted by Tom Hukins <tom@eborcom.com> in rt#20341.

A bug in the author's testing environment meant that 0.48 shipped with
templates that generated HTML that was not strictly valid.  This, and
the templates, have been fixed.

0.48, released Jun 28, 2006

The interface localisation can now be selected.  The interface has always
been localised, but the mechanism for choosing it has been badly exposed.
SVN::Web now supports two configuration options (C<languages> and
C<default_language>) to specify the language selection.

In addition, the available configured languages are also exposed through
the (C<trac>) user interface, and the user can choose from the list of
available localisation.  Their choice is saved in a cookie.

Generation of RSS feeds is now done using a template, instead of using
L<XML::RSS>.  This removes a dependency on XML:RSS, and should make it
easier to customise the content of the RSS feed should you desire.

This fixes rt#18169, reported by Mike Ellery <mikee@s2technologies.com>.

RSS feeds are now autodiscoverable in modern browsers.

The formatting of timestamps is now configurable using
L<POSIX/strftime>.  You can choose how timestamps are formatted, and
they can be displayed in UTC (the Subversion default), the server's
local timezone, or the timezone of your choice.  See L<SVN::Web/"Time
and date formatting"> for details.

This fixes rt#18806, reported by Mike Ellery <mikee@s2technologies.com>.

Worked around a bug in Subversion where repository paths that were
specified with a tailing slash would trigger an assertion.  This fixes
rt#19273, reported by Michael Schwern <MSCHWERN@cpan.org>.

Fixed a bug where the C<directory_umask> cache backend option was not being
treated as an octal number.  This fixes rt#19272, reported by
Michael Schwern <MSCHWERN@cpan.org>.

The L<SVN::Web::Revision> action now show's the repository's youngest
revision if no C<rev> parameter is provided.

Fixed a bug in L<SVN::Web::Revision>.  Revisions that contain files that
were copied from another file, modified, and then committed will now be
displayed properly instead of generating an error.

The documentation for L<SVN::Web> includes an example configuration for
Apache and FastCGI, contributed by Robert Spier <rspier@pobox.com>.

Made extensive changes to the test suite.  Include tests that exercise
SVN::Web when running under C<svnweb-server>, as a CGI script, and as an
Apache mod_perl1 handler.  These tests are optional -- the installer
is prompted at C<perl Build.PL> time whether to run these tests, and
to provide the information the tests need (such as the port to run on).

0.47, released May 6, 2006

Implement support for caching the results of the actions, using any of
the L<Cache::Cache> family of modules.  In tests (see
F<t/benchmark.t>) this can yield a 20% or greater speed benefit.  See
L<SVN::Web/"Data cache"> for details of how to enable the cache and
configure cache related options.

Support Subversion repo directories and files that have spaces or other
characters that should be URI escaped in their names.  Fixes rt#19093,
reported by <gbloice@gmail.com>.

Commented out the references to L<Template::Plugin::Clickable> and
L<Template::Plugin::Clickable::Email> in the config file that is
generated by C<svnweb-install>.  This stops log files filling up with
warnings if they're not present.  The lines remain, commented out, as
a suggestion for users.

Improved the modperl2 support, fixing rt#19004, rt#18437, and rt#18346
(Garrison Hoffman <garrison@codefix.net>, <cpan@rickster.com>,
Thomas Nagel <me@thomasnagel.com>).

0.46, released Mar 9, 2006

Fixed a bug in C<svnweb-server>.  The L<CGI> module is now always used
when running under this server, instead of L<CGI::Fast>.  This should
fix problems if you are trying to use C<svnweb-server> on a host with
L<CGI::Fast> installed.

0.45, released Mar 8, 2006

Fixed a bug that broke mod_perl support.

0.44, released Mar 8, 2006

When browsing the repository the F<trac> templates now include age
of the file, expressed as {seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks,
months, years} since the file was last modified.

The C<revision>, C<log>, C<view>, and C<rss> actions are much more
conservative with memory when processing commits that changed a large
number of files.  Fixes rt#17359, reported by Dietrich Streifert
<dietrich.streifert@visionet.de>.

Included support for running under mod_perl2 as well as mod_perl1.  Fixes
rt#17085 and rt#17350.  Based on a patch from Garrison Hoffman
<garrison@codefix.net>.

Fixed a bug when running under mod_perl -- the HTTP headers were not
being sent.  Some browsers could cope with this, others just displayed
the raw HTML.  Reported by Dominic Mitchell <dom@happygiraffe.net>.

Entering a revision number that does not exist will now generate a
localised error message.  Fixes rt#17822, reported by
<gk5885@kickstyle.net>

The L<SVN::Web::Revision> action will now not show diffs between
file revisions if either revision of the file has a non-text MIME type.
Fixes rt#17625, reported by Mike Ellery <mikee@s2technologies.com>.

Fixed some bugs in C<svnweb-server>.  Option parsing works properly,
fixing rt#17347 (reported by <miyagawa@cpan.org>) and the
C<--net-server> option is now honoured.

C<svnweb-install> should now work if any directories in the install path
contain regexp metacharacters in the filename.  Fixes rt#17282, reported by
<CORION@cpan.org>.  It also emits warnings if copying files or making
directories during the install process fails, fixing rt#17283.

0.43, released Jan 25, 2006

Fix a syntax error in the config file generated by svnweb-install.

Fix the instructions and code for running under mod_perl.

When viewing an HTML diff, include a link to the plain text equivalent.

Showing diffs when viewing a revision is now optional, but defaults to on.

Require Exception::Class 1.22 or above.  Versions below lack the necessary
C<caught()> syntax.

Improve the installation and configuration documentation.

Include C<svnweb-server>, a simple web server to make it easier for people
to get started with SVN::Web.

0.42, released Dec 16, 2005

Throw exceptions instead of die()ing on almost all errors.  Catch the
exceptions and generate much friendlier error messages.  Error messages
are now easy to localise.

When viewing a diff, the I<trac> templates show the two revision numbers
being compared, and include a link allowing the user to reverse the order
of the diff.

The syntax for specifying permitted actions, and the classes that implement
them, has changed.  See L<UPDATING> for more information.  This mechanism
also allows for easy configuration of per-action options.

A (partial) French localisation has been supplied by Cyril Brulebois.

Any C<svn:externals> properties that are set on a directory are now shown
when browsing that directory.

When viewing a file's revision log, you can now select two arbitrary
revisions and get a diff showing the changes between those revisions.
Fixes rt#15813.

If you only have one repository configured then the C<list> action can be
configured to immediately redirect to browsing that repository, saving the
user from having to click through an intermediate page.  See L<SVN::Web::List>
for more information.

---
## [NetBSD/pkgsrc](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc)@[a149f5f1ab...](https://github.com/NetBSD/pkgsrc/commit/a149f5f1ab6f53ad794ef255038cd66f5542a055)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 08:55:25 by grant

Update ScrollZ to 1.9.

Major changes since 1.8m:
    + shitlist is now checked upon nick change (requested by Toch)
    ! cut encrypted messages at 304 characters to avoid decryption problems
      at the other end when IRC server cuts the message (reported by [2am])
    + all mass commands (MDOP, MOP etc) now support -A flag to operate on
      all users (requested by ogre)
    + improved tabkey completion now cycles through channels as well,
      /DCC GET nick<tab> cycles through the files offered by nick
      /DCC SEND nick <tab> cycles through files on disk - if you use a
      relative path it looks in your CDCC ULDIR or current dir if that
      isn't set, also completes commands as in /M<tab> and /HELP M<tab>,
      path in /LOAD and DCC CHAT nicks (coded by braneded, many thanks!)
    + SSL support: to enable it call configure with --with-ssl. to use it
      SERVER -SSL HOST:PORT or WINDOW [-]SSL HOST:PORT or prefix server
      hostname with a ! as in scrollz nick !server:port. SSL connections are
      indicated with a ! in the server list (thanks to Sharky and Darkie for
      permission to use their code from BitchX SSL port)
    + per channel logging, check help for commands CHANLOG, CHANLOGDIR,
      CHANLOGPOST and CHANLOGPREFIX (requested by Ahnberg and his gang)
    ! ignore case of nickname in IGNORE nickname (reported by braneded)
    + mIRC compatible DCC resume, it has to be enabled in defs.h
      (patch submitted by braneded)
    ~ merged ircii-20011210 changes (without ISO-2022-JP stuff and mIRC
      color stuff - sorry but my screen.c is too different these days
      from ircII and ircII won't allow for ANSI color codes, also removed
      ircII's SET SHOW_STARS and SET STAR_PREFIX in favour of my, more
      complete code, there is no support for %v (voice status) in status
      bar as ScrollZ already uses %@ for that)
    ~ we now use HELP like ircII - all ScrollZ.help text was moved into
      help directory which is now part of the distribution (thanks braneded)
      plus I have also described all ScrollZ modifications such as
      additional functions, status variables and all SETs (I really hope
      someone is gonna take over the docs project as I simply don't have
      time to do both the coding and the docs)
      WARNING: SHELP is gone, use HELP from now on!
    + AWAYENCR to toggle encryption of ScrollZ.away on or off (the file is
      encrypted using master password, a tool to decrypt such encrypted
      files can be found in tools directory)

The full list of changes can be found in ChangeLog.ScrollZ.

---
## [marrcb/Merda.-Com](https://github.com/marrcb/Merda.-Com)@[4fb9218995...](https://github.com/marrcb/Merda.-Com/commit/4fb9218995f2de470e21978feec83651cb463784)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 08:55:50 by marrcb

FROM MARRCB

HI, IT'S BEEN A MONTH THAT I'M BEEING HACKED AND NOW I FOUND OUT WHERE IT'S COME FROM. MY EX EMPLOYE WAS DISMISSED AND SHE TOOK AWAY ALL MY EMAILS JUST BECAUSE SHE WANTED 15 MIL CLIENTES FROM A AND B STATUS POSITION. MY LIFE IS LIKE A HELL. I CAN'T STUDY., WORK. PLEASE GET MY E-MAIL AWAY FROM YOUR SYSTEM.
I'M FROM BRAZIL EMAIL MARCELCAMARGO@MSN.COM MARCELLCAMARGO@GMAIL.COM AND MISSCHERRYIMPORTADOSDELUXO@GMAIL.COM 
THANKS THE ATTENTION. 

HER EMAIL IS MARILIIA@HOTMAIL.COM

---
## [Akumotor/cocos2d-x](https://github.com/Akumotor/cocos2d-x)@[db11024924...](https://github.com/Akumotor/cocos2d-x/commit/db1102492452faea78746da7e3cf29fa22c69c2a)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 09:05:47 by James Chen

Reverts add search path logic in PR #17435 . (#18419)

If the last search path is _defaultResRootPath, addSearchPath(path) should not force that the last path is still default resource root path.
I made this mistake and broke the compatibiliy, since I thought resource root path definitely is low priority while search in most case. However, I should not make this assumption.

Anyway, dear developers, thanks for all of you review cocos2d-x source code. I accept any suggestion, any blame. I think everyone makes mistake more or less.
The key point is that `PLEASE DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE SECOND TIME, THIRD TIME`.
So please don't blame our developers who makes mistakes. We need to work together with all our developers to make our engine better and better.

And in fact, I never think that I deal with cocos2d-x source code as my 'own branch' although I contributed lots of code to it. I didn't push any code to repo directly since I sent Pull Requests. Every one could review code and comment in pull request. We encourage more communication with our developers in github or the forum. You could say GOOD , BAD or SHIT, but please do your best to respect every developer who made a contribution.

Thanks all of you. Good luck!

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f33733982c...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f33733982ca571f81819858f8ec0d8c472220e26)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 09:06:01 by Marko Grdinić

"8:10am. I am up.

8:15am. I am happy that Asti decided to go with my design advice. That is great of him.

Now, let me chillax for a while. I can't start right away here. What I will do today to start things off will be to create that minimal example.

8:35am. Enough rest. Let me start this thing. I need to produce a minimal example.

9:05am.

```fsharp
module MinimalExample

open System
open System.Threading
open FSharp.Control.Reactive
open System.Reactive.Disposables

module Messaging =
    open System
    open System.Threading
    open System.Threading.Tasks
    open NetMQ
    open NetMQ.Sockets

    let run l =
        let l = l |> Array.map (fun f -> let poller = new NetMQPoller() in poller, Task.Run(fun () -> f poller : unit))
        Disposable.Create(fun () ->
            let pollers, tasks = Array.unzip l
            pollers |> Array.iter (fun (x : NetMQPoller) -> x.Stop())
            Task.WaitAll(tasks)
            (pollers, tasks) ||> Array.iter2 (fun a b -> a.Dispose(); b.Dispose())
            )

    let inline t a b x rest = a x; let r = rest() in b x; r
    module NetMQPoller =
        let inline add (poller : NetMQPoller) (socket : ISocketPollable) rest = (socket, rest) ||> t poller.Add poller.Remove
    module SubscriberSocket =
        let inline subscribe (socket : SubscriberSocket) (prefix : string) rest = (prefix, rest) ||> t socket.Subscribe socket.Unsubscribe
    module NetMQSocket =
        let inline bind uri (socket : NetMQSocket) rest = t socket.Bind socket.Unbind uri rest
        let inline connect uri (socket : NetMQSocket) rest = t socket.Connect socket.Disconnect uri rest
        let inline init (socket_create : unit -> #NetMQSocket) (poller : NetMQPoller) (connector : #NetMQSocket -> (unit -> 'r) -> 'r) rest =
            use socket = socket_create()
            NetMQPoller.add poller socket <| fun () ->
            connector socket <| fun () ->
            rest socket

    open NetMQSocket

    module DivideAndConquer =
        let task_number = 100
        let uri_sender, uri_sink =
            let uri = "ipc://divide_and_conquer"
            IO.Path.Join(uri,"sender"), IO.Path.Join(uri,"sink")

        let ventilator timeout (log : string -> unit) (poller : NetMQPoller) =
            try let rnd = Random()
                init PushSocket poller (bind uri_sender) <| fun sender ->
                init PushSocket poller (connect uri_sink) <| fun sink ->
                let tasks = Array.init task_number (fun _ -> rnd.Next 100+1)
                log <| sprintf "Waiting %ims for the workers to get ready..." timeout
                Thread.Sleep(timeout)
                log <| sprintf "Running - total expected time: %A" (TimeSpan.FromMilliseconds(Array.sum tasks |> float))
                sink.SendFrame(string task_number)
                log <| "Sending tasks to workers."
                Array.iter (string >> sender.SendFrame) tasks
                log "Done sending tasks."
            with e -> log e.Message

        let worker (log : string -> unit) (poller : NetMQPoller) =
            try init PullSocket poller (connect uri_sender) <| fun sender ->
                init PushSocket poller (connect uri_sink) <| fun sink ->
                use __ = sender.ReceiveReady.Subscribe(fun _ ->
                    let msg = sender.ReceiveFrameString()
                    log <| sprintf "Received message %s." msg
                    Thread.Sleep(int msg)
                    sink.SendFrame("")
                    )
                poller.Run()
            with e -> log e.Message

        let sink (log : string -> unit) (poller : NetMQPoller) =
            try init PullSocket poller (bind uri_sink) <| fun sink ->
                let watch = Diagnostics.Stopwatch()
                use __ = sink.ReceiveReady.Subscribe(fun _ ->
                    let _ = sink.ReceiveFrameString()
                    log <| sprintf "Received message. Time elapsed: %A." watch.Elapsed
                    if watch.IsRunning = false then watch.Start()
                    )
                poller.Run()
            with e -> log e.Message

open Messaging

type Msg = Add of id: int * msg: string
type MsgStart = StartExample
type State = Map<int,int>

[<EntryPoint>]
let main argv =
    let writeline name = function
        | Some(i,x) -> printfn "%s:%i:%s" name i x
        | None -> printfn "%s:-----" name
    let ignore _ _ = ()
    let l =
        [|
        "Ventilator", DivideAndConquer.ventilator 1000, writeline
        "Worker 1", DivideAndConquer.worker, ignore
        "Worker 2", DivideAndConquer.worker, ignore
        "Worker 3", DivideAndConquer.worker, ignore
        "Worker 4", DivideAndConquer.worker, ignore
        "Sink", DivideAndConquer.sink, writeline
        |] |> Array.map (fun (a,b,c) -> a,b,c a)

    let create () =
        let agent = FSharpx.Control.AutoCancelAgent.Start(fun mailbox -> async {
            let line_counts = Array.zeroCreate l.Length
            let rec loop () = async {
                let! (Add(i,x)) = mailbox.Receive()
                let count = line_counts.[i]
                l.[i] |> fun (_,_,print) -> print (Some(count, x))
                line_counts.[i] <- count + 1
                do! loop()
                }
            do! loop ()
            })
        l |> Array.mapi (fun i (_,f,_) -> f (fun x -> agent.Post(Add(i,x))))
        |> Messaging.run
        |> Disposable.compose (Disposable.Create(fun () -> l |> Array.iter (fun (_,_,print) -> print None)))
        |> Disposable.compose agent

    while true do
        let d = create()
        Console.ReadKey() |> ignore
        d.Dispose()
    0
```

It is not going well. I managed to uncover an issue, but I cannot replicate the one I have in the GUI. What happens here if at the start you rapidly press a key in succession, the app freezes.

9:10am. Ah, well, let me open with just this.

9:40am. https://github.com/zeromq/netmq/issues/

Opened issue 889 here.

9:55am. Got rid of the minimal example from the repo.

https://github.com/mrakgr/Lithe-POC/blob/d346d71267cff5f0cae871e48824d446e19b052e/Lithe%20Avalonia%20Examples/ZeroMQBugMinimalExample.fs

Let me it stay here.

9:55am. This took a bite out of my time. When it comes to NetMQ, it seems that actually doing proper restarts is difficult. I am not going to bother myself too much with these kinds of issue from here on out.

10am. Enough daydreaming. Let me get back to the guide. What is the next example? I need to move forward.

Ah, actually, let me do one thing.

```
let inline t a b x rest = try a x; rest() finally try b x with e -> ()
```

I should have written `t` like so.

I knew I was missing something, but I hadn't actually known how finally works till now. I was afraid about exceptions being thrown in the finally block to use this.

10:05am. Does nothing for that issue. Forget it. Now comes the guide.

10:10am. Actually, I see now that `DivideAndConquer` works properly. Let me add a timeout to `KillSignaling`.

...On, `KillSignaling` it happens even with the timeout. Ok, fine, let me translate that example as well.

10:15am. I managed to reproduce it! Great.

https://github.com/mrakgr/Lithe-POC/blob/1c7df5f2554d61efe84bd89a8e7f6adef2d41d6f/Lithe%20Avalonia%20Examples/ZeroMQBugKillSignalMinimalExample.fs

10:25am. Opened issue 890.

And with that I am done with this. Just...once a bunch of stuff gets added to the GUI, it really starts to get laggy. Why is that happening?

Let me do the first example again, except this time I'll use a 1000 messages.

10:30am. Well, it is no wonder. That `TextBlock` is an actual control and having a few thousand of them on the page at the same time will make things grind.

I should use something like a string builder and only a single block. Or a dedicated text control for this.

Forget this. Optimizing this is not my priority.

10:40am. Focus me, I've spent all morning and haven't even touched the guide.

10:45am.

> If there's one lesson we've learned from 30+ years of concurrent programming, it is: just don't share state. It's like two drunkards trying to share a beer. It doesn't matter if they're good buddies. Sooner or later, they're going to get into a fight.

11:05am. Let me have breakfast here. The next example is the multithreaded server."

---
## [Lynnesbian/FediBooks](https://github.com/Lynnesbian/FediBooks)@[33b72d8e4c...](https://github.com/Lynnesbian/FediBooks/commit/33b72d8e4c4d34e688fd13ba931bff6d02e0931e)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 09:39:29 by Lynne

fixed a silly but rather bad bug\ni'm pretty sure i'm gonna stop working on fedibooks, and everything else i do relating to fedi. writing complex webapps to (rather poorly) interface with decentralised, half-standardised social networking platforms really isn't for me, and much of this code is honestly pretty awful. i have no idea why i did some of this stuff - for example, writing an object to interface with the outbox json would have been a LOT cleaner than what i'm currently doing. fedibooks really doesn't work well at all, and its biggest flaw is, of course, the fact that it can't interact with any instances using authenticated fetch. while i may fix minor bugs from time to time, i can pretty much guarantee that one's never getting fixed. i'm not shutting down fedibooks.com or anything like that - and if i ever do, i'll give advance warning - but don't expect any new features here, or in mstdn-ebooks, OCRbot, et al. but hey, at least it's fixed now.

---
## [koutsie/koutsie.github.io](https://github.com/koutsie/koutsie.github.io)@[d7290255bb...](https://github.com/koutsie/koutsie.github.io/commit/d7290255bb280c16417aae02797d1b9f336c0534)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 12:26:45 by koutsie

Merge pull request #2 from KJP12/patch-1

Fixed typo in 'me.idiotic.fuckeverything/list.txt' (tracfine -> tracfone).

---
## [djberg96/rubygems](https://github.com/djberg96/rubygems)@[052904f3c7...](https://github.com/djberg96/rubygems/commit/052904f3c709e57afba1cddb8590bf44afe3cd94)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 13:32:13 by Bundlerbot

Merge #7475

7475: Delay deprecation of `bundle config` and `bundle update` without args r=hsbt a=deivid-rodriguez

### What was the end-user problem that led to this PR?

The problem I was thinking about the upcoming release of bundler 2.1.0, and I'm not convinced about these two deprecations.

I'm not necessarily against them, but these command are very common IMO, and we'll be making them harder to run. Again, maybe for good reasons, but still. That will be combined with the fact that:

* In this same release, we'll be enabling all of the other deprecations.
* Ruby 2.7 will include bundler 2.1 and ruby 2.7 will also come with a lot of warnings about keyword arguments. 

### What was your diagnosis of the problem?

My diagnosis was that I think it's better to postpone these two deprecations for now. Get the other deprecations going and get user feedback about them, and then worry about these two later.

### What is your fix for the problem, implemented in this PR?

My fix is to delay both deprecations.

### Why did you choose this fix out of the possible options?

I chose this fix because I don't want to be too annoying to users at this moment.


Co-authored-by: David Rodríguez <deivid.rodriguez@riseup.net>

---
## [i-o-n/vendor_ion](https://github.com/i-o-n/vendor_ion)@[8e5b75a6fd...](https://github.com/i-o-n/vendor_ion/commit/8e5b75a6fd8a5ba8a3661cc6643e17e18c44b8f2)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 14:02:43 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler

[@AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6
Signed-off-by: AnkitGourav <Ankitgourav035@gmail.com>

---
## [yogstation13/Yogstation](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation)@[8e856117a0...](https://github.com/yogstation13/Yogstation/commit/8e856117a06e896472f9bd42320dfef2d6aae101)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 15:30:38 by Nickvr628

Paramedic Hardsuit 2: Monstermos Compensation Edition (#8693)

* fuck you alex

* fixes bad conventions

* Partheo's new sprites!

---
## [gitHost4Gamerz/Train-Game](https://github.com/gitHost4Gamerz/Train-Game)@[3115b5c624...](https://github.com/gitHost4Gamerz/Train-Game/commit/3115b5c6249228a3ddb9622402b7c5d50ff76c40)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 20:49:56 by Jackson

I put a player in the game

The player is just a cylinder, but he's a good boy (for now). His name is Dylan.

The player is quite big compared to the train, but that can be fixed a number of ways (bigger train, smaller player, etc.). Also because programming is funny, if you jump as the player, you also stop the train hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha. Easy fix, don't care to do it now though.

I made both our old train camera and our new player object into prefabs that can be put into the scene and enabled/disabled however one pleases. Since both items are technically a camera, only one should be enabled at a time.

For the player, if you start the game, you will notice that the cursor disappears, meaning you will not be allowed to use the editor while the game is playing... is what I WOULD SAY if I was a stupid dumb idiot brain. Luckily, I added some code that allows the player to left click to get their mouse cursor back, if this is done, the user also loses control of their player object so no funky business happens while using the editor. You can also left click on the game window to regain control of the player. Very cool very epic definitely not thinking about how the train itself is still broken no siree

---
## [OverPowered-Team/TheWitcher](https://github.com/OverPowered-Team/TheWitcher)@[cf69b4faae...](https://github.com/OverPowered-Team/TheWitcher/commit/cf69b4faae7c2a7d74ce637c127ea48bec71c1e5)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 21:20:28 by VictorSegura99

I hate my life but hey scale works again and have an actual 3d model

---
## [COSMIC-PopSynth/COSMIC](https://github.com/COSMIC-PopSynth/COSMIC)@[0e9970dd8e...](https://github.com/COSMIC-PopSynth/COSMIC/commit/0e9970dd8e3e57ce10cd20b1196d89a2e4c239b9)
#### Wednesday 2020-05-27 21:48:58 by michaelzevin

DAMNIT I didn't recalculate the  new vk2 with the new kick prescription. SHIT SHIT. sorry Quest  for wasting a lot of CPU hours...

---

# [<](2020-05-26.md) 2020-05-27 [>](2020-05-28.md)

