# [<](2020-03-28.md) 2020-03-29 [>](2020-03-30.md)

1,938,675 events, 1,079,659 push events, 1,561,895 commit messages, 98,271,211 characters


## [See-this-it-emmerjency/Sex-What-you-are-about-to-see-is-too-hot-to-resist-](https://github.com/See-this-it-emmerjency/Sex-What-you-are-about-to-see-is-too-hot-to-resist-)@[5d9c0808aa...](https://github.com/See-this-it-emmerjency/Sex-What-you-are-about-to-see-is-too-hot-to-resist-/commit/5d9c0808aa9be9578cc91d437b6320e1b2b81305)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 01:59:14 by See-this-it-emmerjency

Add files via upload

💋💋💋 See Here Honey 💋💋💋

.I am Jessy. WE SHOULD FUCK. Like right now, right here. Hard, fast. Pin me down, kiss me hard, look me in the eyes and fuck me like you’ve never fucked someone before .

❤❤❤You and me in a room graving each other I want you, all of you. I want to feel you inside me, deep inside me.

For the first time i am revealing my personal mail.Yes for the first time ever just only for you .
jessymoray4565@icloud.com
       
I have never gave my personal mail anyone before in my life .I just gave only for .text me i wanna talk with you in privte

---
## [lcarlett/EpidemicAgents](https://github.com/lcarlett/EpidemicAgents)@[8d91a55732...](https://github.com/lcarlett/EpidemicAgents/commit/8d91a557325df60a464f2b407cacbde2e1a64654)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 02:32:10 by Catullo99

Extremely buggy implementation of reading parameters from .txt file, it's 4AM my blood is redbull my head hurts I want to die please send help god why was i created why am i here please stop this

---
## [Final-Resolution/CodeRain](https://github.com/Final-Resolution/CodeRain)@[9de806bac5...](https://github.com/Final-Resolution/CodeRain/commit/9de806bac57762a8fb68b943f561ff5fde3e4b0f)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 04:56:54 by Final-Resolution

WTFPL

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[e5e15a7b2d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/e5e15a7b2d9c0fa37f6113b5bdf0a21ba3d84c60)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 10:03:28 by Marko Grdinić

"9:40am. Got up 15m ago. I need to chill for just a bit.

9:50am. Let me start. I want to get on with the book. The grogginess will leave me along the way.

Now...50/337. The stuff here about locks is new to me. I used to know this years ago when I studied concurrency, but subsequently forgot about it.

I can imagine myself using the concurrent dictionary and running into trouble as a result of that. For this kind of thing I really would use message based concurrency. The lesson here is not to mess with concurrent data structures, but instead use the proper concurrency model.

10:10am. https://github.com/tamirdresher/RxInAction
"Most of the projects are Console Applications, but some are standalone application in WPF. Inside each Console Application project, you'll find the Main method which contains the call for each example. You can run all the examples, or comment out the ones you dont want to run."

There are WPF apps in this book? That is great.

10:15pm. The projects all build too. Great.

Let me check out the chapter 1 stuff.

10:20am.

```
                var iconSize = from store in stores.ToObservable()
                               from currentLocation in myLocation
                               let dist = Position.Distance(store.Location, currentLocation)
                               where dist < 5
                               let calcSize = (5 / dist) * MIN_ICON_SIZE
                               let sizeOrMax = Math.Min(calcSize, MAX_ICON_SIZE)
                               let sizeOrMin = Math.Max(sizeOrMax, MIN_ICON_SIZE)
                               select
                                   new
                                   {
                                       store.Name,
                                       StoreX = store.Location.X,
                                       StoreY = store.Location.Y,
                                       MeX = currentLocation.X,
                                       MeY = currentLocation.Y,
                                       dist,
                                       calcSize,
                                       sizeOrMin,
                                       sizeOrMax
                                   };
```

So C# has let statements and record punning along with structural records? I am amazed.

10:40am.

```
            var drasticChanges =
                from tick in ticks
                group tick by tick.QuoteSymbol
                into company
                from tickPair in company.Buffer(2, 1)
                let changeRatio = Math.Abs((tickPair[1].Price - tickPair[0].Price) / tickPair[0].Price)
                where changeRatio > maxChangeRatio
                select new DrasticChange()
                {
                    Symbol = company.Key,
                    ChangeRatio = changeRatio,
                    OldPrice = tickPair[0].Price,
                    NewPrice = tickPair[1].Price
                };
```

Interesting way of using `Buffer` here. The way the book dives into it is unexpected and quite welcome after I've spent so much time reading that old one. If I had not done that previous effort, I would definitely be confused here - at what Buffer is doing at least.

10:45am. This book is good, I can tell already. I made the right choice in getting it.

10:55am.

```
            IObservable<StockTick> ticks =
                    Observable.FromEventPattern<EventHandler<StockTick>, StockTick>(
                        h => ticker.StockTick += h,
                        h => ticker.StockTick -= h)
                        .Select(tickEvent => tickEvent.EventArgs)
                        .Synchronize();
```

I am confused as to how to interpret this `Synchronize`. Why do I need it here? It seems like the program should work even without it...

11:05am. 69/337. Before I move on to chapter 3, let me study the example in this chapter.

11:15am. Uagh, you can't go back in VS using Alt + Left.

11:35am. Let me move on to chapter 3. I am getting distracted by my own thoughts now.

11:50am. 84/337. Looking at the C# code is a good reminder to me of just how superior the functional style is at everything. When I start serious UI stuff, figuring out how to redesign ReactiveUI components so they work in a functional style will definitely be one of the things I will tackle.

12pm. 88/337. This chapter is just a FP tutorial, except with C#'s shitiness included. I am definitely going to figure out how to make functional UIs without having to resort to Svelte or anything like that.

Let me stop here for a while."

---
## [PeaceOfficial/Verus](https://github.com/PeaceOfficial/Verus)@[fa217ac15a...](https://github.com/PeaceOfficial/Verus/commit/fa217ac15a938fd7502a8add8c93161ff19bd44f)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 10:19:39 by PeaceOfficial

~ UPDATE 2020.03.29 ~

- Version 1525 - (03.29.2020)
~ Fixed /verus command - sorry guys .. !! :)
~ I Removed /verus top - command -> (unusual without mongodb, its catching the best hacker from the server and shows up from database....)
~ Removed Hastebin (For improving the code, I tested the hastebin catching but swear to god its fucking unusual.. (There is the log command lol...)
~ Added the premium checks and enabled in the checks.yml (Im very happy.. and im still testing those checks, there are some false flags but im gonna update it soon!)
~ FLY F -> FALSE FLAGS - SO I DISABLED IT IN THE CHECKS.YML FOR A WHILE !!!
~ AUTOCLICKER B -> FALSE FLAGS - SO I DISABLED IT IN THE CHECKS.YML FOR A WHILE !!!

---
## [Miouyouyou/RockMyy](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/RockMyy)@[d3df382f88...](https://github.com/Miouyouyou/RockMyy/commit/d3df382f8854d1aad47e80c9a3110ffddb77ba50)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 10:57:25 by Miouyouyou (Myy)

The 5.6-rc7

With Panfrost working !

Not the fastest driver of the world, and there's still glitches when
it comes to handling shadows, but STILL, it works !

I'm trying to test the staging VPU driver but... *groans* Why does it
always have to a fucking pain in the ass to test these drivers ?

E VE RY TIME !

EVERY FUCKING TIME you need a SPECIFIC version of FFMPEG, with some
random libs coming from no-fucking-where, just to be able to TEST the
VPU.

And I'm sure I'll just see a few glitches here and there that will tell
me that the driver isn't ready for production...

Signed-off-by: Miouyouyou (Myy) <myy@miouyouyou.fr>

---
## [blurtech/BlurredEducation.Backend](https://github.com/blurtech/BlurredEducation.Backend)@[de89943883...](https://github.com/blurtech/BlurredEducation.Backend/commit/de899438830ce7b4bf4e149d4e6cb782bafa6ba0)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 11:00:11 by srggrhc

I don't remember shit that i modified in this fucking commit, but seems that filtering by role is working

---
## [trollbreeder/tgstation](https://github.com/trollbreeder/tgstation)@[78b62f45e9...](https://github.com/trollbreeder/tgstation/commit/78b62f45e9680dc773fe0535b053ecb8c66fc006)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 11:45:13 by trollbreeder

New interactions with borgs

Probably shitcode but this is funny as fuck

---
## [Corvus-ROM/android_vendor_themes](https://github.com/Corvus-ROM/android_vendor_themes)@[bec66b2304...](https://github.com/Corvus-ROM/android_vendor_themes/commit/bec66b2304103425017195deb94b2ed8f47f980c)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 11:52:03 by Kshitij Gupta

vendor: notch-city: Add 3 mode display cutout handler [2/3]

[AgentFabulous - POSP]
- Introduces the HideCutout and StatusBarStock overlay used in the
  3 mode display cutout handler. The HideCutout overlay is necessary
  since we can't register a content observer in the display manager code.
  We only have access to resources during boot. Thus, leave this as an
  overlay and let the config and overlay change methods handle this.
  Though we can probably do statusbar stock height toggling in the
  SystemUI code without overlays, I kinda got lazy by the end, just
  live with it god damn it xD

Signed-off-by: Kshitij Gupta <kshitijgm@gmail.com>
Change-Id: I62f63f39bcb410cfbc68e0028b9cef3d748d7eb6

---
## [MuhammadAbdullahofficial/A-Poison-Tree](https://github.com/MuhammadAbdullahofficial/A-Poison-Tree)@[94db4068cf...](https://github.com/MuhammadAbdullahofficial/A-Poison-Tree/commit/94db4068cfc8d22e7007beeff26935c6d27ff622)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 11:58:36 by Muhammad Abdullah

Create Poem

"A Poison Tree" is a poem written by William Blake, published in 1794 as part of his Songs of Experience collection. It describes the narrator's repressed feelings of anger towards an individual, emotions which eventually lead to murder. The poem explores themes of indignation, revenge, and more generally the fallen state of mankind.

---
## [seni1/Python-Data-Science-Toolbox-Part-1-](https://github.com/seni1/Python-Data-Science-Toolbox-Part-1-)@[815517c072...](https://github.com/seni1/Python-Data-Science-Toolbox-Part-1-/commit/815517c0727ed8c4684165e3907b5ec5e408cd34)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 14:34:25 by Seni Kamara

Update User-defined functions

Recapping built-in functions
In the video, Hugo briefly examined the return behavior of the built-in functions print() and str(). Here, you will use both functions and examine their return values. A variable x has been preloaded for this exercise. Run the code below in the console. Pay close attention to the results to answer the question that follows.

Assign str(x) to a variable y1: y1 = str(x)
Assign print(x) to a variable y2: y2 = print(x)
Check the types of the variables x, y1, and y2.
What are the types of x, y1, and y2?

Instructions
50 XP
Possible Answers
They are all str types.
x is a float, y1 is an float, and y2 is a str.
x is a float, y1 is a str, and y2 is a NoneType.
They are all NoneType types.

-------------------------------

Write a simple function
In the last video, Hugo described the basics of how to define a function. You will now write your own function!

Define a function, shout(), which simply prints out a string with three exclamation marks '!!!' at the end. The code for the square() function that we wrote earlier is found below. You can use it as a pattern to define shout().

def square():
    new_value = 4 ** 2
    return new_value
Note that the function body is indented 4 spaces already for you. Function bodies need to be indented by a consistent number of spaces and the choice of 4 is common.

This course touches on a lot of concepts you may have forgotten, so if you ever need a quick refresher, download the Python for data science Cheat Sheet and keep it handy!

Instructions
100 XP
Complete the function header by adding the appropriate function name, shout.
In the function body, concatenate the string, 'congratulations' with another string, '!!!'. Assign the result to shout_word.
Print the value of shout_word.
Call the shout function.

--------------------------

Single-parameter functions
Congratulations! You have successfully defined and called your own function! That's pretty cool.

In the previous exercise, you defined and called the function shout(), which printed out a string concatenated with '!!!'. You will now update shout() by adding a parameter so that it can accept and process any string argument passed to it. Also note that shout(word), the part of the header that specifies the function name and parameter(s), is known as the signature of the function. You may encounter this term in the wild!

Instructions
100 XP
Complete the function header by adding the parameter name, word.
Assign the result of concatenating word with '!!!' to shout_word.
Print the value of shout_word.
Call the shout() function, passing to it the string, 'congratulations'.

--------------------------

Functions that return single values
You're getting very good at this! Try your hand at another modification to the shout() function so that it now returns a single value instead of printing within the function. Recall that the return keyword lets you return values from functions. Parts of the function shout(), which you wrote earlier, are shown. Returning values is generally more desirable than printing them out because, as you saw earlier, a print() call assigned to a variable has type NoneType.

Instructions
100 XP
In the function body, concatenate the string in word with '!!!' and assign to shout_word.
Replace the print() statement with the appropriate return statement.
Call the shout() function, passing to it the string, 'congratulations', and assigning the call to the variable, yell.
To check if yell contains the value returned by shout(), print the value of yell.

----------------------------

---
## [Xyce/Xyce](https://github.com/Xyce/Xyce)@[4cbde4fc95...](https://github.com/Xyce/Xyce/commit/4cbde4fc95117c170598383aa081746ad9c5edd8)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 14:48:13 by Tom Russo

Regenerate all Verilog-A-derived models

Having convinced myself that my ddx() code in Xyce/ADMS is now in a
state where it is safe to merge it back to develop, I'm doing one last
regeneration of all models from the current back-end.

The only changes since my last commit of regenerated models on this
branch is to code emitted for the "$strobe" function, which had
previously been somewhat broken.  $strobe() is meant to be a sort of
"printf" function for Verilog-A, but I don't implement it in a way
that uses printf(), and so it's a bit stupid.  For example:

  $strobe("Parameter FOOBAR (%g) is out of  range (%g,%g).",foobar,0,100);

should print "Parameter FOOBAR (1000) is out of range (0,100)." but
I emit code simply by stuffing each argument of $strobe to std::err.
I was neglecting to put spaces between those arguments, and they all
ran together in an unreadable way:
   Parameter FOOBAR (%g) is out of range (%g,%g).10000100
instead of
   Parameter FOOBAR (%g) is out of range (%g,%g).1000 0 100

Not that the latter is particularly readable, but it's better than the
former, and at least the trailing fields can be more readily
associated with the format specifiers in the string.

Anyhow, this commit just puts a bunch of spaces into code that is
generated from $strobe.

---
## [payday-restoration/restoration-mod](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod)@[e3b527f91a...](https://github.com/payday-restoration/restoration-mod/commit/e3b527f91a454a5ea8f425fa3540f6d81ab96c31)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 16:56:45 by Jarey-au

Murky shields are now evil >:)

Murky (reaper) shields redone to not look like rushed Ovk garbage.
Small shield is now actually accurate to the small shield size. (Too small)
Large shield is now also accurate to the large shield size. (Too small. The lights now work too.)

This was also done for the Reaper Shields, but the reapers fucking suck arse and they don't spawn with their new accessorys in RM so fuck knows. fuck the reapers.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[6e7edf174d...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/6e7edf174da635906f98cf2201371625469f3cd3)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 17:34:54 by Marko Grdinić

"1:55pm. That was fun. Now come the chores. After that comes chapter 3. I hope to at least hit the half of the book today.

2:15pm. Let me resume.

2:20pm. Ah, I see. I just got some insight on how extensibility should be done for nominal types.

```
nominal List2 x :> List with
    some_new_prototype ...
```

The way I've imagined prototypes has the great disadvantage that their instances can only be defined during type definition, but if I add prototypal inheritance then that would allow me to override past instances and add new ones in an elegant fashion.

Yeah, this is it. This is how it should be done. This is the perfected extensibility mechanism.

2:30pm. Forget this for now though. Extensibility is a rabbit hole easy to get lost in. It does not matter right now. Putting more stuff into the language is not a virtue and I do not need this.

Let me resume the book as I said I would.

3pm. 99/337. The stuff here about the Linq being lazy is new to me.

3:10pm. 102/337. I am looking at chapter 3 examples. They are simple.

Let me finally start chapter 4.

3:40pm. "ObservableConnection derives from ObservableBase<string> and implements the abstract method SubscribeCore, which is called from the ObservableBase Subscribe method. ObservableBase performs a validity check on the observer for you (in case of null) and enforces the contract between the observer and the observable. It does that by wrapping each observer inside a wrapper called AutoDetachObserver. This wrapper automatically detaches the observer from the client when the observer calls OnCompleted or OnError or when the observer itself throws an exception while receiving the message. This takes away the burden of implementing this safe execution pipeline yourself in your observables. "

I am reading this over and over and am not sure what this means.

...There can only be one thing - it wraps the `OnError` and `OnComplete`. Well, that much is what it says, but can OO overloading actually do this?

...Ah, it is not implementing `Subscribe`, but `SubscribeCore`. Ok, I see.

3:55pm. I am getting completely lost in my thoughts. Focus me. Get through the next 40 pages.

4:05pm.

"Instead, Rx provides two methods to convert from event to observable, namely FromEventPattern and FromEvent. These two methods (or operators) often lead to confusion for people working with Rx, because using the wrong one will cause compilation errors or exceptions."

This book is taking a very different approach from the other one. Well, good. This is definitely information that I want to know.

4:15pm. https://docs.microsoft.com/hr-hr/dotnet/csharp/language-reference/operators/nameof

The book talks about the subscribe that takes in a string and mentions the `nameof` builtin as an alternative to using magic strings. This is interesting. Probably F# has this a well...it seems it is in preview. Nevermind.

4:20pm. "ReactiveUI isn’t covered in this book, but it
provides many useful Rx utilities. One of them is the built-in conversions of
many UI events to observables."

Yeah, I am definitely going to be studying all of that.

116/337. I am finding it a lot more difficult to follow this C# code than it should be.

4:25pm. I do not really understand the difference between `FromEvent` and `FromEventPattern` despite staring at this for a while. Let me just move on. It is not that important.

4:35pm. 118/337. I've really wasted a lot of time thinking about this trivial stuff. C# signatures are so confusing since it has delegates, actions, functions for essentially the same thing, and all the signatures are in the wrong place.

4:50pm.

```
            IObservable<Tuple<string, int>> networks = Observable
                .FromEvent<ExtendedNetworkFoundEventHandler, Tuple<String, int>>(
                    rxHandler =>
                        (ssid, strength) => rxHandler(Tuple.Create(ssid, strength)),
                    h => wifiScanner.ExtendedNetworkFound += h,
                    h => wifiScanner.ExtendedNetworkFound -= h);
```

This is so convoluted. But it sort of makes sense if you imagine the `rxHandler` being partially applied.

4:55pm. Event to observable functions are super confusing. No doubt this is C# legacy design in action.

5pm. Focus me, focus. Stop reading the F# sub.

At this rate I am definitely going to miss my target for the day.

125/337. Oh, it goes into how to read a file here.

5:20pm. Had to do the chores again. Let me resume.

129/337. Time for chapter 5. But let me finish going through the examples for chapter 4.

Oh, there is a WPF example in chapter 4 that was not even mentioned in the book.

5:35pm. https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/e9ya87/truly_reactive_programming_with_svelte_30/

Now I am reading this. The comment here is interesting.

"https://svelte.dev/tutorial/keyed-each-blocks

That part of the tutorial reveals that even though Svelte doesn't have virtual Dom, it diffs the whole array if you change one part of it. Even worse, the DOM and the view can get out of sync, as shown on that tutorial page.

Svelte seems to have lots of correctness pitfalls. Frameworks are supposed to keep model and view in sync no matter what. Svelte doesn't. Vanilla JS has better performance and less pitfalls.

If you want to have what Svelte promises, you need functional reactive programming. There is no shiny and dumbed down library for that yet but maybe there will be if more people understand the need for it."

I've been wondering about this ever since I saw this - do those expensive foralls get regenerated from start every time the array is updated and it seems the answer is yes.

I am glad to see somebody else saying that FRP is the way to go.

"The optimal behaviour for insertion is performing the same insertion on the DOM. Same with other simple operations. Inserting or removing from a sorted list is the same as well, it won't change the order of the other elements.

FRP libraries have data structures that implement that optimal behaviour."

I've actually been thinking about this, and have come to the same conclusion, but I was not sure whether Svelte and frameworks do something smart under the hood to make this happen. I guess not.

5:45pm. Forget this, let me put a dent into the next chapter. Let me do another 10 pages.

I'll keep in mind the warning about the two way bindings in mind. This is also something that occurred to me to be concerned about.

6:15pm. Done with lunch. Let me resume. I want to keep going for a while longer.

133/337. The code on this page definitely feels iffy. That task inside the observable...won't doing it like this run into threading issues due to calling `OnNext` from a different thread?

...Actually, I had no idea I could just use `Task.Run` to run the thing async using a thread from the thread pool.

I am definitely learning from this.

6:45pm. 141/337. I need to keep in mind how `SelectMany` can take in `Task`s.

I want to keep going for longer.

Also remember that earlier inheritance idea? It is no good. If I inherit from List for example, the new type won't be able to work with functions that take in regular lists. If I implement inheritance, then I have to add subtyping and all that shit.

Well, it might be doable without much trouble, but forget it. Subtyping is just looking for problems. I'd just be encouraging bad practices. Extensibility is not worth it.

6:50pm. "The Concat operator provides an overload that works on an observable sequence of tasks, and emits the result of each task in the order the task was positioned in the sequence. The result of the first task is emitted first, and then of the second task, and so forth, even if the result of the first task is completed long after the second task. This is exactly what you need!"

Rx has too many varied overloads. I'd never have expected `Concat` to be able to do this.

I am definitely going to have to spend time studying the documentation for Rx.

Functional reactive programming won't be a flash in the pan, it is going to be something I will be using constantly from now on.

7pm. 145/337. How much till the end of the chapter?

4 pages. Ok, I am for it. I'll leave studying the code samples for tomorrow.

7:10pm. `.Select(x => secondObservable);`

Yeah, there are too many overloads for all of these.

7:15pm. 149/337. So far I really like the book. I thought it would be like `IntroToRx`, but it has plenty of good examples most important of which to me are the WPF ones.

I'll stop here for the day.

So far things are going well. I made the right choice in getting this book. Hopefully by the time the review comes around, I'll have finished it. Usually I do it ahead of time, but now I'll leave it aside until I am completely finished with the book. I should be able to handle 150 pages in two days.

7:25pm. I really am satisfied. I pretty much wasted the last 1.5 months studying that crap tier plugin code in addition to other arbitrary things. Mastering FRP will give me a definite gain without exception.

I've been stuck as programmer for way too long and things are finally going to get serious from here on out.

Learning things that are both new and useful is one of the joys of programming. I am glad that my journey is not finished just yet.

I want to see how good I really am when I fully master the subject I've only started now. It should be something to behold. No matter how things turn out, I won't regret spending 2020 and 2021 on this at all. Spiral v0.2 will just be a side effect of this.

FRP is both highly challenging and highly rewarding. It is the culmination of monadic programming. It is CPS at its finest.

I've been making various plans for how to get my hands on those neurochips, but really - if I can attain the ability to write highly interactive, graphical programs making money should be trivial. Once I learn this, I won't be beholden to any kind of outcome in order to get what I want."

---
## [jsatk/dotfiles](https://github.com/jsatk/dotfiles)@[c1ff6225d8...](https://github.com/jsatk/dotfiles/commit/c1ff6225d8395f91e4c19849745252c7897b7c14)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 18:38:15 by Jesse Atkinson

vimrc & tmux.conf cleanup

* Moved tmux theme directly into .tmux.conf.  No real reason to keep it
  in a separate file.
* Add Ammonite Repl in to Brewfile for when I wanna just play around
  with Scala outside of a Scala project.
* Removed stuff I was setting in my .vimrc that was already covered by
  @tpope's Sensible plugin.
* Put comment for tmux plugin manager bindings in .tmux.conf so I can
  stop Googling it when I have to use it like once a year.
* Added Scala foldmethod, textwrap, and colorcolumn widths.  80, the
  universally agreed upon text width, is too damn narrow for Scala and
  its verbose bullshit.
* Add Scala directly to asdf.  99% of the time I'll be using Scala via
  SBT or Bloop, but the rare times I want to actually use it for
  scripting I need to be able to run `scala foo.scala`.

---
## [thrasher8390/littlefs](https://github.com/thrasher8390/littlefs)@[517d3414c5...](https://github.com/thrasher8390/littlefs/commit/517d3414c5e04eedb07be2e58107c1f96b8b8684)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 19:14:00 by Christopher Haster

Fixed more bugs, mostly related to ENOSPC on different geometries

Fixes:
- Fixed reproducability issue when we can't read a directory revision
- Fixed incorrect erase assumption if lfs_dir_fetch exceeds block size
- Fixed cleanup issue caused by lfs_fs_relocate failing when trying to
  outline a file in lfs_file_sync
- Fixed cleanup issue if we run out of space while extending a CTZ skip-list
- Fixed missing half-orphans when allocating blocks during lfs_fs_deorphan

Also:
- Added cycle-detection to readtree.py
- Allowed pseudo-C expressions in test conditions (and it's
  beautifully hacky, see line 187 of test.py)
- Better handling of ctrl-C during test runs
- Added build-only mode to test.py
- Limited stdout of test failures to 5 lines unless in verbose mode

Explanation of fixes below

1. Fixed reproducability issue when we can't read a directory revision

   An interesting subtlety of the block-device layer is that the
   block-device is allowed to return LFS_ERR_CORRUPT on reads to
   untouched blocks. This can easily happen if a user is using ECC or
   some sort of CMAC on their blocks. Normally we never run into this,
   except for the optimization around directory revisions where we use
   uninitialized data to start our revision count.

   We correctly handle this case by ignoring whats on disk if the read
   fails, but end up using unitialized RAM instead. This is not an issue
   for normal use, though it can lead to a small information leak.
   However it creates a big problem for reproducability, which is very
   helpful for debugging.

   I ended up running into a case where the RAM values for the revision
   count was different, causing two identical runs to wear-level at
   different times, leading to one version running out of space before a
   bug occured because it expanded the superblock early.

2. Fixed incorrect erase assumption if lfs_dir_fetch exceeds block size

   This could be caused if the previous tag was a valid commit and we
   lost power causing a partially written tag as the start of a new
   commit.

   Fortunately we already have a separate condition for exceeding the
   block size, so we can force that case to always treat the mdir as
   unerased.

3. Fixed cleanup issue caused by lfs_fs_relocate failing when trying to
   outline a file in lfs_file_sync

   Most operations involving metadata-pairs treat the mdir struct as
   entirely temporary and throw it out if any error occurs. Except for
   lfs_file_sync since the mdir is also a part of the file struct.

   This is relevant because of a cleanup issue in lfs_dir_compact that
   usually doesn't have side-effects. The issue is that lfs_fs_relocate
   can fail. It needs to allocate new blocks to relocate to, and as the
   disk reaches its end of life, it can fail with ENOSPC quite often.

   If lfs_fs_relocate fails, the containing lfs_dir_compact would return
   immediately without restoring the previous state of the mdir. If a new
   commit comes in on the same mdir, the old state left there could
   corrupt the filesystem.

   It's interesting to note this is forced to happen in lfs_file_sync,
   since it always tries to outline the file if it gets ENOSPC (ENOSPC
   can mean both no blocks to allocate and that the mdir is full). I'm
   not actually sure this bit of code is necessary anymore, we may be
   able to remove it.

4. Fixed cleanup issue if we run out of space while extending a CTZ
   skip-list

   The actually CTZ skip-list logic itself hasn't been touched in more
   than a year at this point, so I was surprised to find a bug here. But
   it turns out the CTZ skip-list could be put in an invalid state if we
   run out of space while trying to extend the skip-list.

   This only becomes a problem if we keep the file open, clean up some
   space elsewhere, and then continue to write to the open file without
   modifying it. Fortunately an easy fix.

5. Fixed missing half-orphans when allocating blocks during
   lfs_fs_deorphan

   This was a really interesting bug. Normally, we don't have to worry
   about allocations, since we force consistency before we are allowed
   to allocate blocks. But what about the deorphan operation itself?
   Don't we need to allocate blocks if we relocate while deorphaning?

   It turns out the deorphan operation can lead to allocating blocks
   while there's still orphans and half-orphans on the threaded
   linked-list. Orphans aren't an issue, but half-orphans may contain
   references to blocks in the outdated half, which doesn't get scanned
   during the normal allocation pass.

   Fortunately we already fetch directory entries to check CTZ lists, so
   we can also check half-orphans here. However this causes
   lfs_fs_traverse to duplicate all metadata-pairs, not sure what to do
   about this yet.

---
## [BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet)@[fb435b2ff6...](https://github.com/BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet/commit/fb435b2ff6c96c9ca359e2de5ed2c3fa67f44cb6)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 19:26:56 by enthethan

Take 4, syndie items  changes (#1278)

* Take 4, holy shit im gonna die edition

* radbow/ebow

a compromise

* small tweak

* Update uplink_items.dm

* Update special.dm

---
## [AnnaGuetat/Rempower.Tech](https://github.com/AnnaGuetat/Rempower.Tech)@[2ac432e86d...](https://github.com/AnnaGuetat/Rempower.Tech/commit/2ac432e86d5f2e11a5e28aec2e1f730300ea8c39)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 20:39:14 by AnnaGuetat

Add files via upload

https://www.kaggle.com/qiriro/swell-heart-rate-variability-hrv/version/1#p1.txt

BACKGROUND
This dataset comprises of heart rate variability (HRV) indices computed from the multimodal SWELL knowledge work (SWELL-KW) dataset for research on stress and user modeling (see. http://cs.ru.nl/~skoldijk/SWELL-KW/Dataset.html). The SWELL was collected by researchers at the Institute for Computing and Information Sciences at Radboud University. It is a result of experiments conducted on 25 subjects doing typical office work (for example writing reports, making presentations, reading e-mail and searching for information). The subject went through typical working stressors such as receiving unexpected emails interruptions and pressure to complete their work on time. The experiment recorded various data including computer logging, facial expression, body postures, ECG signal, and skin conductance. The researchers also recorded the
subjects’ subjective experience on task load, mental effort, emotion, and perceived stress. Each participant went through three different working conditions:

no stress: the subjects are allowed to work on the tasks as long as they needed for a maximum
of 45 minutes but they are not aware of the maximum duration of their tasks.
time pressure: during this time, the time to finish the task was reduced to 2/3 of the time the participant took in the neutral condition.
interruption: the participants received eight
emails in the middle of their assigned tasks.
Some emails were relevant to their tasks —and
the participant was requested to take specific
actions—while others were just irrelevant to
their tasks.
HRV COMPUTATION
HRV indices were computed as follows: First, we extracted an inter-beat interval
(IBI) signal from the peaks of the Electrocardiography (ECG) of each subject. Then, each HRV
index is computed on a 5 minutes IBI array. A new IBI sample is appended to the IBI array while the
oldest IBI sample is removed from its beginning. The new resulting IBI array is used to compute
the next HRV index. This process is repeated until the end of the entire IBI signal. Unlike other
HRV computation methods proposed by other researchers —which mostly consist of computing
HRV on the whole signal— in our previous studies, we noticed that this approach allows a more
granular, detailed and accurate study of how each heartbeat influences the person’s HRV.

RESEARCH CONTRIBUTION
The original dataset contains raw ECG signal and a feature dataset which is annotated with the conditions under which the data was collected. It also contained heart rate variability (HRV) feature (only RMSSD) that was computed every one minute. This limiting and lead to the conclusion that HRV was not a good predictor of office stressor. This dataset is more comprehensive and allows to predict the stressor with a 99.25% accuracy. For more details, refer to our published paper included in this dataset.

Reference
Nkurikiyeyezu, K., Yokokubo, A., & Lopez, G. (2020). The Effect of Person-Specific Biometrics in Improving Generic Stress Predictive Models. Journal of Sensors & Material, 1–12. http://arxiv.org/abs/1910.01770

K. Nkurikiyeyezu, K. Shoji, A. Yokokubo, and G. Lopez, “Thermal Comfort and Stress Recognition in Office Environment.” Prague, Czech: SCITEPRESS - Science and Technology Publications, 2019.

Acknowledgements
All the credit goes to Koldijk et.al for collecting and freely sharing the swell dataset. If you find this research helpful, please consider citing their papers

S. Koldijk, M. A. Neerincx, and W. Kraaij, “Detecting Work Stress in Offices by Combining Unobtrusive Sensors,” IEEE Trans. Affect. Comput., vol. 9, no. 2, pp. 227–239, 2018.
S. Koldijk, M. Sappelli, S. Verberne, M. A. Neerincx, and W. Kraaij, “The SWELL Knowledge Work Dataset for Stress and User Modeling Research,” Proc. 16th Int. Conf. Multimodal Interact. - ICMI ’14, pp. 291–298, 2014.
Kraaij, Prof.dr.ir. W. (Radboud University & TNO); Koldijk, MSc. S. (TNO & Radboud University); Sappelli, MSc M. (TNO & Radboud University) (2014): The SWELL Knowledge Work Dataset for Stress and User Modeling Research. DANS. https://doi.org/10.17026/dans-x55-69zp

---
## [wrye-bash/wrye-bash](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash)@[6070d0f4cf...](https://github.com/wrye-bash/wrye-bash/commit/6070d0f4cfe06f91fea1ab85da3e43e53a1bff54)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 22:28:57 by Daniel Nunes

Add fomod installer support

 # This is the commit message #2:

 FFF FOMOD de-wx & wx4 fixups

 # This is the commit message #3:

 FFF Mopy/bash/basher/gui_fomod.py gui.Picture (untested!)

 # This is the commit message #4:

 Add string prefixes to fomod

Also wrapped all lines to be below 80 chars, cleaned up newlines and
reformatted docstrings to match the rest of WB.

Option types are not validated - contradicting group and
option types should be undefined behaviour.
However, to simplify, option type always wins the conflict
and we deliver a warning if needed.

As an example, in a SelectAll group a NotUsable option
would not be selected.

Remove fomod metadata handling

Rework fomod installer backend

Changed:
  - User's choices are now "saved" when going to previous pages
  - Folders to install are now properly merged based on priority
  - Omitted destination attributes in file/folder tags are now
    properly handled.

TODO:
  - Update tests in test_bash repo
  - Add some inline documentation

This must go into the final commit message:

Ignored tags:
  - moduleImage
  - fommDependency

Ignored attributes:
  - position, colour - [moduleName]
  - alwaysInstall, installIfUsable - [file, folder]

Note:

Rework exe-based game detection logic FFF fomods

@@ -64,3 +64,3 @@ def __init__(self, parent_window, installer, page_size, pos):
         data_path = bass.dirs["mods"]
-        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.exe).s)
+        ver = env.get_file_version(bass.dirs["app"].join(bush.game.launch_exe).s)
         game_ver = u".".join([unicode(i) for i in ver])

Some wx cleanup in gui fomods

Cache images it does speedup loading them

(although that's probably due to my using balt.Image)

FFF couple typos

FileInfo(object): -> _FomodFileInfo(object): FFF WIP

Infernio: Updated for 'Rework game version calculation'

SSS Improve FOMOD installer link name

Should be FOMOD or FOMod, not Fomod. Also added three dots, since that
link opens an interactive dialog.

SSS to be squashed into the final FOMOD commit

_text = _(u'FOMOD Installer...') class variable SSS

No need to override __init__

Remove some leftover debug prints

Replace PageInfo with OrderedDict

Std lib is better. Port of GandaG/pyfomod@547494309

Add some docs to the fomod backend

Update for recent merges

FFF A bunch of FOMOD hacks

I hadn't actually realised just *how* broken the wizard/FOMOD
interaction is up until I just now got a really cryptic error message
from a wizard. Just some examples:
 - SelectSubPackage didn't work properly when the package had an fomod,
   because fomods do not populate Installer.espmMap, which wizards use
   to detect what subpackages and plugins are available.
 - The same goes for SelectPlugin, all deselect variants, SelectAll,
   etc. Probably for loops with SubPackages as well.
 - I screwed up my earlier fix. While it no longer crashed, it made
   wizards (with or without FOMODs) unable to select the last
   subpackage. But see above, wizards with FOMODs had a hard time with
   that anyways ;)
 - The result of applying a wizard and an FOMOD is well-defined (the
   FOMOD always wins because it short-circuits refreshDataSizeCrc), but
   it looked really confusing in the GUI. Still possible to create
   manually by checking both the fomod subpackage and other subpackages,
   but wizards and FOMODs will now uncheck the other so WB at least no
   longer produces this weird state.

Threw in some tiny refactorings in belt (yay, two bolt.cmp_'s gone!)

SSS Rework FOMOD GUI

Depends on 190-de-wx-pt1, rewrites most of the GUI to use the wrappers
instead. Drops a whole bunch of wx usages, which is nice. RadioButton
needs wrapping, see all the ugly hacks at the bottom of gui_fomod. Also,
the design that uses __dict__ of wx objects to store group objects has
to go, it's fundamentally hacky and very fragile - e.g. imagine if the
wx guys decided to add __slots__ to their objects.

Also contains a bunch of fixes and misc improvements, e.g. user-facing
strings have been made translatable, some bugs that were carried over
from belt have been fixed, and the 'Back' button no longer works on the
first page.

Note the glaring TODOs - this is a straight up port of the original GUI,
but we currently don't have a way to change fonts, which the original
GUI relied on to differentiate its components. I added some
HBoxedLayouts as an alternative, which works fine for the main FOMOD
dialog and may even be an improvement in terms of visual clarity, but
doesn't help at all with the results screen, which is now an unreadable
mess.

Infernio: Updated for wrapped WizardDialog, gave fomods their own stored
size, updated for default_* -> item_*.

Utumno: fomod_gui: comments to docstrings

Co-authored-by: MrD <the.ubik@gmail.com>

FFF fix FOMOD fileDependency evaluation

Wasn't taking ghosts into account and, more importantly, was passing
strings to the LO API, which expects paths. As a result, every file was
either missing or inactive.

Also went ahead and swapped all usages of bolt.Path for bolt.GPath.

FFF fix FOMOD PNGs

I could swear I commited this to nightly long ago, along with the main
pngcrush work, but it seems to have gotten lost somewhere along the way.
So here's a better version, that refactors the two nearly identical
methods.

---
## [AniyahMurray/Sy-ann-works](https://github.com/AniyahMurray/Sy-ann-works)@[4af05b576b...](https://github.com/AniyahMurray/Sy-ann-works/commit/4af05b576bca36aba094643120d52c6e0cbfa24e)
#### Sunday 2020-03-29 23:18:21 by AniyahMurray

bootstrap is stupid

attempted to change my code with the boot strap bullshit, but all it did was mess everything up and if someone wanted me to work with this they should have taught me it in the beginning instead of waiting till the end when we have no real way of learning it and its pointless anyway. I like how my shit looks the way i designed it so bootstrap is pointless and unnecessary.

---

# [<](2020-03-28.md) 2020-03-29 [>](2020-03-30.md)

