# [<](2020-08-14.md) 2020-08-15 [>](2020-08-16.md)

1,611,129 events, 912,675 push events, 1,289,937 commit messages, 81,117,116 characters


## [LorittaBot/Loritta](https://github.com/LorittaBot/Loritta)@[b7afaaded3...](https://github.com/LorittaBot/Loritta/commit/b7afaaded378ac4a1849303394ed3bc6819019f5)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 00:47:45 by MrPowerGamerBR

Move website render to a plugin instead of loading via scripts

The script thingy is kinda hacky to be honest. This is a spiritual successor to #2171, without the common project at the moment

I decided to migrate away from the old script format is because keeping them updated between all instances is a pain, using full qualified names looks ugly as fucc and formatting the code in VSCode is difficult

The plan is to move everything to the plugin and, in the future, split the HTML renderer to a external project

---
## [tannerhelland/PhotoDemon](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon)@[6013255232...](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon/commit/6013255232e88287ab1fb614a5afd9054d3b52c7)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 02:46:24 by Tanner

Paint bucket: fix crash when user clicks off-canvas

Fixes #319.  Thank you to @mizka76 for catching and reporting!

The bug didn't actually lie in the fill code itself.  (I was smart enough to check for invalid clicks there before attempting to fill.)

Rather, the bug lay in the "Commit Fill Results" function, which stupidly did not ensure that a fill operation actually occurred before attempting to commit its results.  <facepalm>

A quick check of commit blame shows that I caused this while working on recording fill operations as part of macros (#286) earlier this year.  I'm just glad @mizka76 caught it before 8.0's release!

---
## [tannerhelland/PhotoDemon](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon)@[a08d9dcb63...](https://github.com/tannerhelland/PhotoDemon/commit/a08d9dcb6362943c5b583cc0e7ab5c54567dd8e1)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 02:46:24 by Tanner

Paint bucket (and magic wand) tools: tolerance tweaks

Relates to #319.  Thank you to @mizka76 for the suggestion!

The paint bucket and magic wand tools use identical code under-the-hood (pdFloodFill).  So changes to one should generally be mirrored to the other, and that's what's happened in this commit.

- Default tolerance on a fresh install is now 15.  Per @mizka76 's excellent suggestion, this makes the tool's behavior more obvious when using it for the first time.  (Tolerance of 0, as it worked before, makes it hard to even see what the tool is doing on a busy image!).
- Tolerance is now presented on the scale [0, 100] instead of [0, 255].  The [0, 255] range is such a programmer thing to do - and I don't think it's intuitive for beginners why "255" is the max value.
- The underlying flood fill engine that powers both tools has been moved to a power-of-2 comparison algorithm for RGB and RGBA comparison modes.  This brings performance boosts because we don't need to calculate Abs() on each channel, but more importantly, it makes the tolerance value scale in a more natural way.  (In a perfect world, we'd use a CIELab comparison instead of a bare RGB one for even better results, but that carries large perf hits... idk, maybe someday!)

---
## [PatheticMustan/ScoutingApp2019](https://github.com/PatheticMustan/ScoutingApp2019)@[5667f49c5c...](https://github.com/PatheticMustan/ScoutingApp2019/commit/5667f49c5c8e0edc9a1f97f7ef28dc09e1af913a)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 05:13:48 by Mustan Pathetic

Fix crippling loadmatch bug (desc)

I've spent THE ENTIRE DAY LOOKING FOR WHY

dispatch(setDefault[props.id, defaultValue])

THREW AN ERROR
setDefault wasn't working after I loaded a match. I've spent countless hours combing setDefault, dataSlice, trying to figure out why state.keyPairValues.findIndex wasn't working

it's because state.keyPairValues is a FUCKING STRING

FUCK YOU PAST SELF, WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU THINKING

---
## [DerHabicht/wxtool](https://github.com/DerHabicht/wxtool)@[65188d8ce1...](https://github.com/DerHabicht/wxtool/commit/65188d8ce1f502a0925cd68e313dc8bc3ab74053)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 07:20:55 by Robert Hawk

Ugly and hacky as hell, but it works

This is one of the most disgusting things I have ever created, but it's
doing what I want it to do. I'll fix it later.

HAHA! Of course I won't. This abomination will disgrace the world
forever.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[f5c7509f09...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/f5c7509f0979bda126e0ad59ce0f1a29f18d7465)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 09:10:07 by Marko Grdinić

"9:50am. I am up. Let me chill for a while and then I will start.

10am. I slept really well tonight. The Wiseman thread and then I will start.

10:15am. Let me start. ...Actually, let me do the chores first.

10:20am. Let me start.

Let statements. They have been hounding me for a week. They have really been a thorn in my side. Let me get to them.

```fs
mutable name : string // Is what gets printed. Can be null.
```

Let me make the `name` field mutable.

10:30am. Let me take a short break.

```fs
        //| RawMatch of Range * body: RawExpr * (Pattern * RawExpr) list
        //| RawRecBlock of Range * ((Range * VarString) * RawExpr) list * on_succ: RawExpr
```

Am I really ready to start these?

10:45am. Yeah, I will regret not putting record apply in the end, but I have to stick by my decision here. The simple things are in, the hard things are out. That is the way v0.2 rolls.

10:55am. Now I am Reddit posting.

11:05am. Ok...I know how to do this, but how about I step away from the screen for a while just to dwell on this. The task in front of me is not hard, and I've had plenty of time to think about it.

I need just a little bit more in order to overcome my inertia. I need to find the feeling of not just wanting to finish Spiral v0.2, but of doing these two cases in the way I've imagined.

I am definitely going to start work on them today."

---
## [Vargnaar/Vargnaar.github.io](https://github.com/Vargnaar/Vargnaar.github.io)@[2845562ef9...](https://github.com/Vargnaar/Vargnaar.github.io/commit/2845562ef98a85cf147f6364416e25046465a8be)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 09:17:11 by Vargnaar

Update _variables.styl

main doesn't want to change despite me trying 100 times now omg fuck this shit

---
## [SQFvm/vm](https://github.com/SQFvm/vm)@[f483927f8e...](https://github.com/SQFvm/vm/commit/f483927f8e263af5f7acaaa7183f4d0576c3755c)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 10:06:16 by X39

Fuck you FLEX and BISON! Fuck you for your idiotically high amount of configuration! I could bloody use ANTLR or one of the other 200000000 systems that require fucking runtimes. At least they fucking work out of the box afterwards :facepalm:

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[44c44ab221...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/44c44ab221343bdafcb97cfa19d567e85cce341a)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 13:43:44 by Marko Grdinić

"2:45pm. I've actually been thinking all this time in my usual place. I am trying to urge myself to restrain my greed, but that never really works. My mind will just keep going until I finds an acceptable compromise. BEcause I really, really want tensors with named dimensions.

`split` is one thing, but it is not good enough for me.

I keep thinking how to make constraints better, but I think I can't make any headway in that direction. It occurred to me that I could increase the flexibility without sacrificing anything else if I'd allowed primitive types in constraitns, but that is not good enough.

Instead...here is what I can do.

`forall a r el b. tensor (a,r) el -> (a -> b) -> tensor (b,r) el`

An extractor function.

Now, this is something I've considered days ago and discarded it as useless.

Suppose `a` is a record like `{q : i32; w : i32}`. Then if I used the extractor function, `inl x -> x.q`, then I'd just get back an `i32`. That is useless to me. What can I do with a number? I'd need at least a range...

It wasn't until now that I considered - what if I outright lied?

What if the type inferencer though the function was of type `{q : i32; w : i32} -> i32`, but I during partial evaluation instead passed it...`{q : range i32; w : range i32} -> range i32` where `range` is `type range x = from: x nearTo: x`?

And I made a special op `!!!!ExistsIn(a,b)` that asserts `b` is in `a` through reference equality checking and used it in the implementation of tensor extraction?

This would work. This would work very well in fact. It would work and it would be much easier to implement that multi arg constraints.

3pm. Like even with that kind of checking there would be ways to cause errors.

For example the extractor function could do something stupid like.

```
fun x =>
    inl r = x.q
    Array.set ar 0 r // get a type error here because i32 is not the actual type of r.
    r
```

Or the function could get turned into a runtime closure, and the partial evaluator won't be able to apply it properly.

Those are the dangers, but those kinds of errors the user actually needs to go out of his way to cause. They can only really happen purposely.

99.9% time he will just write `x @ (fun {q} => q)`. There. Done.

Admitedly this is not as good as writing `x .q` or `x @ .q`, but things need to be put into perspective. Named dimensions are very important, but they also aren't that frequent.

I need them to implement those optimized layers, but otherwise regular tensors will be more often in use.

What is important that they can be done at all without necessarily dipping into the real segment.

```
inl t = real t @ .x
```

This would be just horrible as the typechecker would have no idea what the resulting type of that line is.

`split` on the other hand would require the user to first write out that nominal. I do not like that.

3:15pm. That kind of thing would be a throwback to Java. Forget that.

Since writing out `x @ (fun {q} => q)` is too long winder I might do `x @ $q`. Maybe I will do a special unary operator that does this kind of transformation at parse time.

Done like this there would be no chance of error whatsoever. And the user would have incentive to do this kind of thing in order to make the code more readable.

3:20pm. Yeah, sometimes it is not the case that you need a better type system. Instead what you need are better techniques. It really took me a long time to think of this.

What I am suggesting to do here is something completely new to me. And it is not the kind of thing you would ever think of if you were only programming F#, Scala, Haskell or even Spiral. In the old Spiral you would never have a need for something like this.

It is really amazing how when changing contexts things that would have previously been frivolous suddenly become important.

```fs
        // Does occurs checking.
        // Does scope checking in forall vars.
        // Does constraint subset checking in forall vars.
        let rec validate_unification i x =
            let f = validate_unification i
            match visit_t x with
            | TyConstraint _ | TyHigherOrder _ | TyB | TyPrim _ | TySymbol _ -> ()
            | TyForall(_,a) | TyInl(_,a) | TyArray a -> f a
            | TyApply(a,b,_) | TyFun(a,b) | TyPair(a,b) -> f a; f b
            | TyRecord l -> Map.iter (fun _ -> f) l
            | TyVar x ->
                if i.scope < x.scope then raise (TypeErrorException [r,ForallVarScopeError(x.name,got,expected)])
                if i.constraints.IsSubsetOf x.constraints = false then raise (TypeErrorException [r,ForallVarConstraintError(x.name,got,expected)])
            | TyMetavar(x,_) -> if i = x then er() elif i.scope < x.scope then x.scope <- i.scope
```

Also I nearly forgot the constraint subset check.

```fs
and [<ReferenceEquality>] Var = {
    mutable scope : int
    mutable constraints : Constraint Set // Must be stated up front and needs to be static in forall vars
    kind : TT // Has metavars, and so is mutable.
    mutable name : string // Is what gets printed. Can be null.
    }
```

Also, I am going to redo this. I am not happy with how forall vars and regular metavars have the same Var. I really should make a distinction between the two.

```fs
type TT =
    | KindType
    | KindConstraint
    | KindFun of TT * TT
    | KindMetavar of TT option ref'
```

Also forall vars really should not have kind metavars.

Actually, rather than making a new type, I am going to just validate the kinds.

That is the easiest way to go.

3:30pm. Right now I am really not comfortable with the loseness between vars and metavars. I really need to ensure that forall var invariants are respected.

Actually, I am just going to force metavars in kinds to `KindType` rather than throw an error. The user can provide an annotation should he wish to.

...Actually, not even that. Since the constraints in Spiral are so simple, how about I just go back to my earlier plan of explicitly providing annotation for foralls everywhere.

I mean, in recursive function with foralls that is going to be an requirement anyway.

I do not need to strain myself with this.

3:35pm. Let me go back to bed.

I asked myself earlier whether I am ready to finally tackle those two last cases and then answer seems to be no.

I want to think about this more. I am not trying to be lazy here. It is just that there are not perfect solutions, so I am just trying to work through the tradeoffs of various hacky ones.

I need some time to digest the recent idea, but I think after this I am going to just go with it. It is not really particularly more hacky than other things in the language."

---
## [r3v2d0g/ufut](https://github.com/r3v2d0g/ufut)@[0ed861b07b...](https://github.com/r3v2d0g/ufut/commit/0ed861b07b10514c55192b145cec6f558ff2b73d)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 14:36:33 by Matthieu Le brazidec (r3v2d0g)

Don't say "fuck you" to futures-micro's authors, I'm one of them!!

---
## [ret394/bug-lamp2](https://github.com/ret394/bug-lamp2)@[1b4f8b2ba9...](https://github.com/ret394/bug-lamp2/commit/1b4f8b2ba9f34c0ee939c517b83230b0af159c82)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 14:51:29 by estanuX

WITH LOVE FROM A FOREIGN COUNTRY

PUT IT HERE TO NOT TO LET THE IDIOTIC arguments SIGNIFY to stupid folks.
WITHOUT having to RE-EDIT the original [omitted].

---
## [Xyce/Xyce](https://github.com/Xyce/Xyce)@[794b546d76...](https://github.com/Xyce/Xyce/commit/794b546d764b466c147742d1d450ea6760a986b0)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 16:29:46 by Tom Russo

Fix emacs xml validation issues

Emacs' XML validator sometimes has trouble when it encounters unquoted
blocks of hyphens.

Because XML (and therefore ADMST) is annoying enough to keep correct,
I do need that validator.  And for what I'm working on now, I don't
want to have to keep ignoring Emacs' highlighting of big blocks of
perfectly valid code in bright red, or the "XML:Invalid" indicator in
the status bar.

For some bizarre reason, the validation issue was only getting tripped
by one specific line of comments with hyphens, even though there were
many more of exactly the same form.  But to clear the entire mess for
now and for good, I'm changing every single such line to one that is
quoted and emitted by an "admst:text" command rather than a literal.

I have taken pains to assure that this causes NO changes in the actual
output, which means putting lots of newlines into the quoted string
that one would not think necessary.  This is because when ADMS
processes the XML it does different things with something like this:

   some literal line
   <admst:text format="foo\n"/>

and

   <admst:text format="foo\n"/>
   some literal line

In the former case, it winds up emitting:
   some literal linefoo

and in the latter case emits
   foo
   some literal line

And it gets more confusing if there are blank lines in the XML ---
sometimes they're emitted literally (generally if there's more than
one), sometimes they're just whitespace that is ignored.

The reason I took such pains is to make sure that the emitted code has
NO changes whatsoever, so I don't have to commit all the
ADMS-generated models.

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[b80c87cab9...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/b80c87cab938c281823ce670cfdf0b231f25bd1b)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 16:50:11 by Marko Grdinić

"6:25pm. So another day will go like this, with me obsessing about things. Yeah, the extractor functions are the way to go. There are various ways of implementing them depending on the context.

They are an important technique. Their birth is the marriage of type inference and partial evaluation. They the herald of v0.2.

The feeling is good. I do not feel like dealing with multi arg constraints at all now.

I do not have to talk myself out of dealing with their hardship, they simply aren't as good as the extractor function technique. Some users might say that this is not true, but type inference being 10-100x faster should be enough to shut any complaints down. Doing a linear search over an array plus deduplication requiring `term_subst`ing everything would kill performance.

The only reason why unification itself can be performant is because of metavariable links. It is trully a wondorous technique.

Spiral is not like Haskell or F#. If it were those languages, they can afford to wait till the statement is done being typchecked before solving constraints. Spiral would need to do that after literally every unification if I go down that route. It would just be crazy.

It is all because of the nature of records. It probably is not an accident that they are so shitty in Haskell. Since all record accessors are functions in it, that gives it a lot more leeway and the typechecker can afford to be flow insensitive.

In Spiral, I overload application with a special case just for them.

6:40pm. Actually, I had not thought about this - the record with pattern. Instead of it requiring a record right away, could compile it down to constraints?

...It might be possible. But it would be complicated.

Still, suppose I succeeded in making the language flow insensitive, using complex constraints for everything would no doubt crush error message quality.

The extractor functions I will be using have the great advantage of propagating information directly.

6:45pm. Yes, it is decided. The language is perfect as it is. Tomorrow, I am going to do another redesign just to tighten up those foralls. I need to do another pass because I was too haphazard.

Then I will turn my attention to those let statements. I want to put the typechecking phase behind me and get to the meat of the language. Once I am done with this, I will be able to have a breath of fresh air. No more obsessing, no more difficult language design decisions.

I feel that once I deal with the typechecking phase, Spiral will have a more professional air about it."

---
## [acme-chan/git_intro](https://github.com/acme-chan/git_intro)@[266a370193...](https://github.com/acme-chan/git_intro/commit/266a3701930357fe6971367669f153c3faec1910)
#### Saturday 2020-08-15 17:41:47 by acme-chan

fuck you secondly

fkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkfkkfkfk^&*^%*&(%^&%*&

---

# [<](2020-08-14.md) 2020-08-15 [>](2020-08-16.md)

