# [<](2020-06-18.md) 2020-06-19 [>](2020-06-20.md)

139,776 events, 73,503 push events, 116,891 commit messages, 8,772,476 characters


## [eatkins/ipcsocket](https://github.com/eatkins/ipcsocket)@[8b79e497a3...](https://github.com/eatkins/ipcsocket/commit/8b79e497a32a3be0ca9131740f0e24b331e185dc)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 22:07:08 by Ethan Atkins

Make server socket implementations graalvm friendly

The jna and graalvm native-image tool do not play nicely together.
Reflection is used extensively by the jna in a way that is difficult,
where possible, to get to work with native-image (posix I was able to
get working with some, but not all versions of the native-image tool,
windows I didn't even try because of the way it used proxy classes). In
order to support using ipcsocket in a native client for sbt, it is
necessary to provide jni implementations of the client and server
sockets for both posix and windows platforms.

In the case of the unix domain sockets, it was not that difficult to
extract an interface out of UnixDomainSocketLibrary that could be
provided both by the jna and jni because there few jna provided structs
that needed to be passed around. This was not the case with windows,
where there were more instances of things like SecurityAttributes and
OVERLAPPED structs floating around as well as numerous constants that
were used in the regular java code. The necessary refactoring was more
extensive and it was significantly more difficult to extract the shared
interface. Nevertheless, this was done for both.

The native libraries that provide the jni implementations are provided
in a platform specific location in the library's resources. Building is
done entirely within sbt and does not rely on make or another third
party build tool. The library is quite small for windows and linux < 20K
each, but, unfortunately, is somewhat bloated at ~350K for windows. I
think it should be possible to get the sized down to around 20K for
windows as well but I had problems building a freestanding executable
with mingw*. The native libraries are also built on appveyor and
uploaded as artifacts, making it possible to update all of the native
libraries without relying on building on a developer's machine or vm.
Getting a compilation toolchain working on windows can be a pain, so the
library can be cross-compiled for windows using mingw on either osx or
linux (the cross-compilation is done using linux in ci).

Each of the server and client class constructors now has an addition
useJNI parameter that can be used to select the implementation at
runtime. When JNI is used, the library will extract the appropriate
shared library into a temporary directory that is configurable via
system property. After loading the library, it spawns a background
thread to delete any old temporary shared librarys in the temporary
directory to try and avoid filling the user's hard drive. I didn't
bother with a shutdown hook because it doesn't really work with windows
since you can't delete a file that is being used which would require
that the shutdown hook close the classloader for the native library
which could cause another shutdown hook to fail. This approach avoids
that issue but does introduce an issue with posix systems where it would
be possible for concurrent processes to delete their respective copies
of the shared library. I avoid this by writing a pid file to a
corresponding file to the temporary shared library itself. We only try
to delete the shared libraries in the directory if the corresponding pid
is not alive. On windows, there is no need for a pid file because the os
won't let us delete the file if it is open anyway.

I consolidated the unix and windows tests into a single SocketTest that
selects the correct implementation based on the runtime platform.

There are unfortunately some formatting changes that got incorporated
into this commit when I ran javafmt but it isn't worth the effort to
extract them into a separate commit.

* Much of the native infrastructure was adapted from
https://github.com/swoval/swoval. For that library, I was able to build
a freestanding library with mingw that was roughly 10K but, for reasons I
don't understand, it didn't work with this project and I opted not to
spend a ton of time reducing the size of the binary.

---
## [Dav999-v/VVVVVV](https://github.com/Dav999-v/VVVVVV)@[5c7e869ee7...](https://github.com/Dav999-v/VVVVVV/commit/5c7e869ee73f9be8f9482cba8cdb738407ee31de)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 22:19:36 by Misa

Work around SDL2 bug where VSync hint only applies on renderer creation

Ugh, this is terrible and stupid and I hate myself for it.

Anyway, since the SDL2 VSync hint only applies when the renderer is
created, we have to re-create the renderer whenever VSync is toggled.
However, this also means we need to re-create m_screenTexture as well,
AND call ResizeScreen() after that or else the letterbox/integer modes
won't be applied.

Unfortunately, this means that in main(), gameScreen.init() will create
a renderer only to be destroyed later by graphics.processVsync().
There's not much we can do about this. Fixing this would require putting
graphics.processVsync() before gameScreen.init(). However, in order to
know whether the user has VSync set, we would have to call
game.loadstats() first, but wait, we can't, because game.loadstats()
mutates gameScreen! Gahhhhhh!!!!

@leo60228 suggested to fix that problem (
https://github.com/TerryCavanagh/VVVVVV/pull/220#issuecomment-624217939
) by adding NULL checks to game.loadstats() and then calling it twice,
but then you're trading wastefully creating a renderer only to be
destroyed, for wastefully opening and parsing unlock.vvv twice instead
of once. In either case, you're doing something twice and wasting work.

---
## [v6cord/VVVVVV-CE](https://github.com/v6cord/VVVVVV-CE)@[c2c0644453...](https://github.com/v6cord/VVVVVV-CE/commit/c2c06444531ec176626faff0caf212c33f26463e)
#### Friday 2020-06-19 22:35:29 by Misa

Fix loading levels saved with 2.2 or earlier

2.2 and earlier had this god-awful thing where it put the closing tag of
an edentity onto the next line, and then kept the indentation the same.
This requires parsing the XML in an extremely specific way (i.e.
ignoring the whitespace) so the newline and indentation isn't taken as
part of the actual contents of the tag.

2.3 removed this awful whitespace entirely to make it easier on parsers.
When I tested #270, I tested against a 2.3 re-save of Dimension Open and
diffed the two, because I thought testing against the original version
of the level would result in a bunch of noise I didn't want due to the
whitespace change. Well, I did exactly what I intended, and ended up
ignoring the whitespace change so much that levels saved in this stupid
format ended up getting broken.

Luckily, we can just tell TinyXML-2 to parse a document exactly like how
TinyXML-1 would've parsed it, by supplying the COLLAPSE_WHITESPACE enum
to it (by default it's on PRESERVE_WHITESPACE).

---

# [<](2020-06-18.md) 2020-06-19 [>](2020-06-20.md)

