# [<](2020-07-20.md) 2020-07-21 [>](2020-07-22.md)

3,070,352 events, 1,317,267 push events, 2,078,131 commit messages, 149,791,334 characters


## [dankamongmen/notcurses](https://github.com/dankamongmen/notcurses)@[9c3428c6fa...](https://github.com/dankamongmen/notcurses/commit/9c3428c6fa465ef991e8f9ac86022dc852cf3e54)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 02:56:30 by nick black

reel: horrible bullshit downtightening ugh shameful #790

---
## [TorannD/TMagic](https://github.com/TorannD/TMagic)@[9c54ff133f...](https://github.com/TorannD/TMagic/commit/9c54ff133f2f68b49b798c1e68b388a5ca76da0c)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 03:36:23 by TorannD

v2.5.1.0 update

New:
Class - Brightmage: a mage that combines light energy and mana to great effect. Light energy is gained based on exposure to sunlight.
Abilities:
 o Light Lance - focused beam of light that burns everything in its path
 o Sunfire - burning slashes of light cut across the target area
 o Burst of Light - blinds and disorients targets in an area
 o Light Skip - ride waves of light for near-instant movement
 o Refraction - creates a wall of light that modifies the properties of projectiles that pass through
 o Spirit of Light - summons a friendly spirit that protects and assists the caster

Tweaks:
o Ranger Animal Bond:
	- May establish bonds with animals in the same faction
	- A bonded animal may choose to remain in the colony if animal bond is used on animal to release the bond; chance to remain in the colony is determined by animal wildness and the duration the animal was bonded
	- Attempts to bond an animal may now trigger manhunter based on the animals manhunter chance on tame
o Ranger Poison Trap:
	- Expanded AoE radius from 2.3c -> 3.0c
	- Traps will automatically re-arm after 6 game hours
o Nightshade poison will not apply against a pawn in the same faction
o Gladiator receives a 20% bonus resistance to pain
o Reduced effect of reverse time on other hediffs
o Removed 'spacer' tag from magic faction apparel options
o Reduced likelihood of Terror causing pawns to flee the map
o Increased techno-turrent range from 35->45, reduced mana cost of mortars and rockets by 20%
o 60mm Mortar shell arc adjusts based on proximity to the edge of the map
o Earth Sprite mote size and frequency increased to make them easier to see
o Cure Disease will now cure Scaria with Effective Treatment level 2+
o Cure Disease can now reset the progress of Blood Rot and disease immunity will significantly slow the progress of Blood Rot at level 3 of Disease Knowledge
o Cure Disease will no longer cure Abasia
o Purify has a 25% chance to cure Abasia when Comprehensive Purity skill is level 3, and increases by an addition 5% for each skill level in Burning Purity
o Undeath removes Scaria, Blood Rot, and Abasia

Bug fixes:
o Shadow call will dismount the called pawn
o Fixed a bug preventing priests from wearing bracers of the pacifist if they had more than "Violent" disabled work tags
o Arcalleum Cooldown enchantment will display correctly for Wanderers
o Custom classes with Ch'i retain Ch'i Burst after loading

---
## [xubot-team/xubot](https://github.com/xubot-team/xubot)@[67c98b5226...](https://github.com/xubot-team/xubot/commit/67c98b5226b512dc9f5d3d2683f92359f4f08240)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 03:51:06 by xubiod

Revert "god fucking damn it don't lOOK AT IT"

This reverts commit 7b9ca578d39275f88dc900320f388c1b1e21f49d.

---
## [enigma-dev/enigma-dev](https://github.com/enigma-dev/enigma-dev)@[a3e9b383c7...](https://github.com/enigma-dev/enigma-dev/commit/a3e9b383c7559a0e1abbc35003a50461dd44d9c8)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 05:43:59 by Josh Ventura

idk, rewrite some more shit

This is exactly like that jockstrap incident, only now we don't have sorlok to dig the holes

Also I'm sleepy and I need to rename like all of this shit later

Did I mention it still can't correctly build a game? I keep uprooting ugly shit. Latest victim: default event storage. They need to live in the  event_parent, but have iterators registered in each root object. Think that's accomplished.

Biggest remaining problem seems to be subchecks, which are marked virtual in the event parent for some fucked-up reason. Real problem is that they're not being implemented in objects that declare them . Shouldn't be hard to fix. They have to stay functions, though, because they need access to locals.

---
## [StatiXOS/android_packages_apps_Settings](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_packages_apps_Settings)@[71c482f7be...](https://github.com/StatiXOS/android_packages_apps_Settings/commit/71c482f7be536b104ee5f32101720bc5bb2e7816)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 07:10:12 by Anay Wadhera

Settings: force enable our fun privacy stuff

* fuck you google >:(

Change-Id: I39a4c779f45fc87bda7d9aa41141008db9fa326a

---
## [saqib-ali/hivemined](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined)@[d3fef164fd...](https://github.com/saqib-ali/hivemined/commit/d3fef164fd228fe0d8983e0f989d86c58cf6086b)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 07:46:39 by Saqib Ali

Infotree Service Inc Associate Scientist-(CE, HPLC, JMP, statistical and analytical ) | SmartRecruiters. Infotree Service Inc Study Lead Statistician – Centralized Statistical Monitoring (CSM) | SmartRecruiters. MSML2020 - Mathematical and Scientific Machine Learning Conference | Center for Statistics and Machine Learning. Senior Biostatistician - Blueprint Medicines - Career Page. Job Application for VP, Head of Biostatistics (Roivant) at Roivant Sciences. Maths and Statistics Tutor - Study Group - Career Page. Ugly code is buggy code «  Statistical Modeling, Causal Inference, and Social Science. Premier Research Careers - Director, Biostatistics (US Based). Senior Statistical Programmer | Job Opportunities. Senior Statistical Programmer | Job Opportunities.

---
## [raimaaan03/madlibs-generator](https://github.com/raimaaan03/madlibs-generator)@[07c751c7ec...](https://github.com/raimaaan03/madlibs-generator/commit/07c751c7ec584ddcf5985e1f8f8ab032a9696d5e)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 07:56:42 by raimaaan03

Update site and make functional

god this is some ugly shit, but at least I'm getting it to work now, after a good 7 hours of hitting my head against async fetch() until I learned I can import frameworks using <script> tags :facepalm:

---
## [SomeguyManperson/Yogstation](https://github.com/SomeguyManperson/Yogstation)@[783a0618aa...](https://github.com/SomeguyManperson/Yogstation/commit/783a0618aac0ef595d97c45e775a3efe7515232c)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 08:13:51 by Theos

Upstream merge 42958 (#13)

* [READY] Disarm Rework: Shove that Dickhead (#42958)

The War on Stun Based Combat Phase II
About The Pull Request

A massive change in gameplay that affects more than just disarm. Hopefully in an interesting way.
There's two parts to this, part 1 is that disarm's functionality has been entirely stripped out and replaced with essentially a new purpose: Shoving.
Shoving is the new action that occurs when clicking on people while in the disarm intent.
Shoving someone pushes them one tile away from you. If there is otherwise nothing blocking them, they are slowed down very slightly for 3 seconds. If you shove someone again while they are slowed, it knocks ranged weapons out of their active hand. I'm not sure about this part and may buff or remove it depending on how it works in practice.
If the blocking tile has a table on it, they're pushed onto it knocking them over for 3 seconds. If it has another human on it, it knocks them both over, the collateral victim for 1 second instead of 3. If the tile is otherwise blocked besides them, it knocks them down for 3 seconds. All knockdowns cause you to drop items, and do not stun at all and can be immediately crawled away from.
However, once knocked down, if you are shoved again it paralyzes for 4 seconds. This is the same length as the old disarm push. It cannot be chained or extended, shoving them again while they're paralyzed does not extend the length of the paralyze. Once it ends, the person will be up and moving.
Now you might be thinking, why would I want to shove someone unless they're against a wall?
Here's part 2:
Moving into someone in a hostile intent no longer pushes them. They'll stay where they are and your movement is blocked. If you want to get someone out of the way, you need to shove them.
Why It's Good For The Game

Changes a previously RNG based mechanic that was basically just spammed until you got that lucky "I win" roll into a positioning based utility that has a point to use in many situations. Livens up simple melee combat and makes fighting in confined areas more lively and unpredictable. Introduces some new epic gamer strats, I've been playing around and it's pretty fun.
Also why not try something really crazy and see what happens? If it's shit it can be reverted :^)
Changelog

Special thanks to whoneedsspace, the inventor of the singlecap, for deshitcodifying this hard.

cl
add: Disarm has been reworked, instead of an rng based system instead it pushes people away from you. If their movement is blocked it knocks them over. Shoving someone twice quickly will knock ranged weapons out of their hands.
del: Moving into humans while in a hostile intent no longer pushes them.
tweak: Passive grabs need to be resisted out of while on the ground, and can't be directly crawled out of
/cl

* [READY] Disarm Rework: Shove that Dickhead

* Update living.dm

Co-authored-by: Rob Bailey <actioninja@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: yogstation13-bot <jahostagat@thraml.com>

---
## [jamesgualtieri/jamesgualtieri.github.io](https://github.com/jamesgualtieri/jamesgualtieri.github.io)@[9f9cdfb233...](https://github.com/jamesgualtieri/jamesgualtieri.github.io/commit/9f9cdfb233f6574a2f0685a2bba4354c9cefd9db)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 09:23:44 by jamesgualtieri

what if i decided to delete basically everything what could possibly go wrong lol. also my friend sent me this thing and apparently my git commit messages are kinda fun bc some twitter bot that scans git commits found mine and posted them haha nice anyway here goes nothing

---
## [metaforizador/ProjectChild](https://github.com/metaforizador/ProjectChild)@[65caa3dc08...](https://github.com/metaforizador/ProjectChild/commit/65caa3dc086b531e6c5eb04200c50781fc56aa53)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 09:51:14 by Metaphoryzer

It's an anatomy task, god damnit!

I'm not into that kinda shit, I swear

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[ae8325609b...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/ae8325609b0811780bf7d6eeecc90abfb79938f3)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 09:51:49 by Marko Grdinić

"9:50am. Let me chill for a while. I think I had my fill of games for a while. I've decided - for the next two weeks or so, my focus will be fully on programming. My dissatisfaction is on the rise, and I am going to channel that desire into programming once more.

This night, I actually nurtured my desire to do the task at hand rather than being laid out from all the demon slaying. Doom was really good for a while, but now it is time to give it a rest.

9:55am. That having said, my sleep tonight was intermittent, and I feel very groggy right now. I do not feel like starting just yet.

10:10am. Right now I am just thinking about things. Not about the thing from yesterday. I think that somehow I've managed to beat that, and hopefully I'll have internalized the need for social rules. It seems strange to do it like this, but I am going to dedicate the next two weeks of programming in their honor. I certainly won't have the opportunity to use them often, so I'll have to cement them in a different fashion.

As a kid I always had stupid rules I could never follow, but good rules can be followed. I'll be able to know that those rules are a part of myself when I am put into a situation and have done an action because of such a rule. I mean, they are really simple, not more complicated than wearing a seatbelt in the car, but it is important that I follow them from here on out. It is important that I believe in them. It is important that they be formalized ahead of time.

10:15am. At any rate, that is not really what I am thinking right now.

10:20am. I do not want to say it out loud, because it is 100% sure to give the wrong image, but I am thinking about an essay on transexualism. The subject starts there and goes in interesting directions.

I think there is a language that has not been reified yet there, in such a way of thought.

10:30am. I feel a certain sense of inspiration, and can even dig it out a little, but not completely. Those flames warm my cold and anguished heart.

Damn it, I want to agonize over this today. I want to brainstorm.

Yesterday I did not feel like programming much. I gave it a try according to my principles, but then I got hijacked. Today I definitely feel more, but I am not all there yet.

I need to be completely fed up with everything else - then I will start programming.

This next part of editor support is a major thing. It is completely an auxiliary, but will make a difference in usability of the language. It is fruit that I cannot afford not to pick. I need to make up my mind to just do it. I need to find the desire.

10:40am. If you want to accomplish something, but do not have the desire, then finding that desire is the first step you need to take care of. Cut of all distractors, embrace solitiude and look for it inwardly.

We all know the Singularity is going to happen. The hard part is acting like that is reality.

11:50am. Ok, here is the plan. I'll spend the rest of the day in bed just brainstorming.

I had to go through this in order to prime myself for the parser as well, and it seems auxiliaries won't be an exception. Saying it is simple or trite and trying to cajole myself into it that way does not work. There is a lot of work to be done and I need to steel my heart for it.

Until I manage to accomplish this, I'll stay away from the screen."

---
## [PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod)@[c0e1b54eb4...](https://github.com/PhoenixBladez/SpiritMod/commit/c0e1b54eb4c08033543941954c158a115656fb63)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 11:47:43 by GraydeeSi

Bugfixes

All fixed:
-Nerf avian hook, it's currently crazy powerful compared to other prehardmode hooks
-Blizzard bandit uses male hit sounds for throwing like what?
-blizzard bandit should face you when chucking snowballs
- further decrease gluttonous devourer's spawn rate
- decrease spawn rate of cryolite
- make cryolite as tough as cobalt if it's suppose to be mined with a molten pick
- triple winterborn mages' health
- increase regular winterborn health
- drastically up astralite spawn rate
- make starplate voyager large lasergrid attack charge faster
-Buff starcharger explosion and make arrows last longer
-remove quotes around "down" in slag hammer weapon tooltip. Its really confusing
- Talon Blade has been renamed to Jelly Stinger, doesn't shoot a projectile
-photosynthestrike has too much homing. Reduce its homing slightly
-Palladium staff should work on platforms
-Unstable conduit shouldn't ignore platforms
bubble blaster says it consumes 15 mp/sec in it's description, it consumes way more than 15 mp per second, i calculated it to do around 50 mp/s currently
-make orbitites drop either way more meteorite or none at all, currently them always dropping only one meteorite makes it kinda just feel like a filler item
-increase the spawnrate of stardancers in the meteor field biome or give them a garunteed chance to drop energized metal. it took quite a bit of sitting in a meteor field with a battle potion to get enough energized metal for just one starplate beacon
-Tiki javeline has no value currently when selling it
-Elderbark platforms should be craftable without a workbench to be consistent with other types of wood platforms
-dungeon cubes inflict cursed for too long
-Reduce bloater projectile damage a bit

---
## [HiruArt/kaba](https://github.com/HiruArt/kaba)@[f8e6d8ec42...](https://github.com/HiruArt/kaba/commit/f8e6d8ec42ba14bf87446159de0b1f705cd3ecfa)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 14:53:58 by ARTEM

fucking top background shit block i hate my work when this assholes take me task like this fucking shit

---
## [ufo19890607/ufo19890607.github.io](https://github.com/ufo19890607/ufo19890607.github.io)@[ed4ea71600...](https://github.com/ufo19890607/ufo19890607.github.io/commit/ed4ea7160030ef79ab16b5d507befa51e067c74c)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 15:01:35 by ufo19890607

delete some fucking hints for an idiot company

kick your fucking ass hole!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

---
## [MeteorTheLizard/MMM_M9k_Remastered](https://github.com/MeteorTheLizard/MMM_M9k_Remastered)@[4f7b1da426...](https://github.com/MeteorTheLizard/MMM_M9k_Remastered/commit/4f7b1da426a80b23312e2f264afced75c2ad6f76)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 17:34:04 by MeteorTheLizard

M9k Remastered V1.3

V1.3

Version 1.3 is here. This update focuses on balance changes, making sure all weapons are realistic and fun to play with and or play against.
In this patch, ALL weapons have been re-balanced.

Bug fixes:
Fixed viewmodel FOV of the Remington 7615P being so high that you could still see parts of the right hand even though you're not supposed to.
Fixed a viewmodel related glitch when deploying the M202 Rocket launcher.

New Features:
Sniper rifles with a bolt-action system now automatically unzoom while loading the next bullet and re-zoom when finished.
A few admin weapons have been introduced. These are purely for fun and have safety measures implemented so that non-admins can't make use of them.
 - HK45C (ADMIN)
 - L85 (ADMIN)
 - AMD65 (ADMIN)
 - Mossberg590 (ADMIN)

Optimizations:
Removed "SWEP.Primary.SpreadZoomed" vars in all weapon classes and defined it in the scoped base since they were all the same.
Removed "SWEP.CanBeSilenced" var from the HK 416. This feature does not exist in M9k Remastered.

Balance Changes:

Shotguns:
My original intent was that they are your average "home defense" gun. IRL, the best choice would be to use Birdshot instead of Buckshot inside your home (IMO) as Birdshots tends to underpenetrate and therefor are less likely to hurt any good guys.
After doing further research on this topic to make them as realistic as possible but also as much fun as possible, I have decided to reduce the spread to be similar to how it is IRL (But also keep barrel length into consideration). Short barrels WILL have a higher spread. That's their intended purpose after all.
The original thought behind having a really high spread but also a lot of BBs shot was to force players having to fight on close range since that's what shotguns are for.
Overall, the spread of the shotguns has been reduced drastically. They will shoot more bullets compared to buckshot but still way less than they would IRL to keep them balanced and not that laggy to shoot.
I have invested quite a bit of time to make sure they're still fun to shoot, but also fun to play against. Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.

The average shotgun will be able to 2-3 shot an un-armored player from medium range, and 1-shot on close range.
Do note that, some servers may have their own damage overrides and they may be more powerful or less powerful.

In terms of performance, having a high shot count is actually a bad thing since every single shot causes several hooks to be called. Make sure your addons are optimized to prevent lag!

----------------------------------------------------

Sniper rifles:
Sniper rifles struggled to confirm kills on targets on high range even though they're supposed to be a very dangerous and lethal weapon.
Their overall damage has been increased drastically, but their accuracy will suffer immensely while moving or not being scoped in.

Do note that (unless changed by other addons), sniper rifles will always one-shot in the head even when fully armored.
The average Sniper rifle should be able to one-shot an un-armored target when shot in the chest, and 2-3 shot when shot anywhere else that isn't the head.
The only exceptions are sniper rifles designed to shoot fast. These suffer from a damage penalty so that they're not utterly broken.
Another exception for all of these notes is the Remington 7615P as it is more of a gimmick sniper rifle shooting fictional rounds. A shotgun sniper rifle designed to be fun, not realistic.
The Thompson Contender G2 has only received a slight damage increase. Even though it shoots the same rounds as other snipe rifles, it only has a very short barrel meaning the bullets won't go as fast. Realism!

----------------------------------------------------

Submachine guns:
They are supposed to be effective at medium to close range. Their advantage over rifles is that they fire faster and have a lower recoil, however, their damage is lower and their spread is higher.
The HK USC was intentionally made hard to shoot, but if you land your shots, you are rewarded with high damage.
The STEN is a weird one. It is meant to have a low firerate but in return do high damage. It is more similar to rifles but it kept the high spread penalty that SMGs should have.
The UZI is meant to be worse than other SMGs. I mean, just look at it. How could that plastic buttstock help with accuracy?

----------------------------------------------------

Pistols:
Pistols are meant to be effective at close-medium range similar to shotguns. They are very accurate, semi-high damage weapons that suffer from a low firerate and small magazines.
If your aim is good, you should be able to take out an un-armored target within one magazine.
The Desert Eagle is an exception to these rules. It does similar damage to revolvers as it is the largest caliber of handguns in this pack. But it suffers from high recoil and low accuracy immensely.
The Glock 18 has been balanced similar to an SMG since It is basically that but suffers from a higher recoil and spread.

----------------------------------------------------

Revolvers:
Revolvers are meant to be accurate at even high ranges (If your aim is that good). They do high damage but suffer from a low firerate, high recoil and small magazines.
A Revolver can easily one-shot an un-armored target when shot in the head.
The Remington 1858 is another gimmick gun. This one though shoots existing rounds, birdshot designed for revolvers. Even though it is still fairly accurate, it does reduced damage compared to other revolvers.
The S&W Model 500 is an absolute beast. Shooting one of the largest caliber for revolvers, this thing WILL make your hands hurt! And since the rounds are so powerful the gun suffers from an absurdly high recoil but that comes with a damage bonus.

----------------------------------------------------

Machine guns:
Machine guns are supposed to be accurate on medium-close range. Their damage is about equal to assault rifles but their fire rate is much higher and they have large magazines. They suffer from high spread, medium recoil, and long reload times.
The FG42 is a special machine gun. It has a small magazine but does increased damage. However, spread and recoil is also increased. This weapon is capable of 2-3 shotting an enemy over medium-high range. (But that's somewhat rare even with good aim)
The M1918 BAR is similar to the FG42, however it suffers from less spread but does reduced damage.
The Minigun is a powerful weapon, shooting powerful rounds which makes it more powerful than other machine guns (Excluding the FG42 and M1918 BAR) but at the same time being absurdly heavy. Due to the fact that it is so hard to carry around, it suffers greatly from an accuracy decrease.

----------------------------------------------------

Assault rifles:
Assault rifles are meant to be your go-to weapon. They are supposed to be effective on close, medium and high ranges. They do above average damage have a fairly low spread and recoil but suffer from a low firerate and average magazine size.
The 73 Winchester Carbine is not technically an Assault rifle AFAIK. But this is pretty much the best category for it to be in. This weapon does slightly lower damage than a sniper rifle and is more accurate than other Assault rifles. It does however suffer from a high recoil.
The KAC PDW is a special weapon as it was originally a Submachine gun. It was reclassed to be an Assault rifle but its damage, firerate and spread is more similar to a submachine gun.
The M14 is special as well as it was balanced to be more similar to a sniper rifle, having increased damage and increased accuracy, however it suffers from high recoil.
The SR-3M Vikhr is another special weapon as it has an increased firerate but has also received an increased recoil and a damage reduction.

Assault rifles WILL ruin your day.

----------------------------------------------------

As always, remember that when you crouch and stand still, weapons are more accurate and recoil is reduced, and that you should always scope in with sniper rifles! (:
Another tip to be more accurate is to fire any automatic weapon in small bursts to regain your accuracy easier.

---
## [nfagerlund/dw-free](https://github.com/nfagerlund/dw-free)@[576ea3232b...](https://github.com/nfagerlund/dw-free/commit/576ea3232b7a14ceaf2f9a8ba32e4bcf5f85210d)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 18:00:32 by Nick Fagerlund

More prebundling... I think I'm at the point where I just need to mull some of this. MULL FOLLOWS:

- wondering how to deal with source files that are in multiple bundles. Thinking
something like:
    - Float bundles to the top and process them first.
        - (ID them by filename? like, I'm bundling things into a separate
        top-level htdocs directory?)
    - While processing bundles, it's an error if we included two bundles that
    have the same file. Bundles must not overlap!
        - UGH, does that gotta be at runtime?? 😖 can't think of a way to do it
        during static compilation.
    - Once we finish bundles, if a resource that got requested is in one of the
    bundles we already have, skip it.
    - Include all "loosy" resources as individual link tags.
- Maintaining these bundle lists is going to be a pain in the ass.
    - reporting on which bundles have overlap?
    - Codify categories of bundles? That way you can have one "lib" bundle and
    one "app" bundle, and overlaps across categories at all are illegal...
    well, maybe there are cases where you'd need two app bundles. Hmm.
- How to handle skins? is each skin its own lib bundle, for CSS? (for js I think
they mostly don't differ...)

---
## [SigJig/arma-preprocessor](https://github.com/SigJig/arma-preprocessor)@[08f990b1dd...](https://github.com/SigJig/arma-preprocessor/commit/08f990b1dd4e699f619ec4195b1bdc5a93548f34)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 18:39:18 by Sigmund Klåpbakken

holy shit this is horrendous i have no clue what this does omg somebody save me

---
## [UberEpicZach/FlavourEventsExpanded](https://github.com/UberEpicZach/FlavourEventsExpanded)@[f0cbd1b376...](https://github.com/UberEpicZach/FlavourEventsExpanded/commit/f0cbd1b376ed351f1c24f077b456db38cbe96a5e)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 22:05:52 by Alessandro Timpone

Fuck you Zach <3

last event may need a custom picture.
Still need events from Jay (Huguenot)

---
## [marcopeereboom/dcrd](https://github.com/marcopeereboom/dcrd)@[bf38abb78f...](https://github.com/marcopeereboom/dcrd/commit/bf38abb78f248f71a797719390b9b05136a08801)
#### Tuesday 2020-07-21 22:09:37 by Marco Peereboom

FUCK YOU REBASE! FUCK YOU FUCK YOU FUCK YOU; also squash

---

# [<](2020-07-20.md) 2020-07-21 [>](2020-07-22.md)

