# [<](2020-05-01.md) 2020-05-02 [>](2020-05-03.md)

1,972,944 events, 1,119,685 push events, 1,598,344 commit messages, 93,814,229 characters


## [umkc-cs-451-2020-spring/semester-project-group-5](https://github.com/umkc-cs-451-2020-spring/semester-project-group-5)@[4045acc30b...](https://github.com/umkc-cs-451-2020-spring/semester-project-group-5/commit/4045acc30b298acbad6fd196a21a2cc84a644e75)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 03:29:23 by =

holy shit finally works. I hate promises, they look disgusting, but it works

---
## [KDE/kmymoney](https://github.com/KDE/kmymoney)@[5e4c8322fb...](https://github.com/KDE/kmymoney/commit/5e4c8322fbefcb6cdaf1c51f6204986946ca0ba4)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 05:13:00 by Robert Szczesiak

Fix ordinate axis labels when zooming

Summary:
If I understand the intent of the author correctly, the sole purpose of
`KReportChartView::slotNeedUpdate()` was one-time customization of
ordinate axis labels at the time of chart creation. The fact that signal
is disconnected immediately after execution of slot starts seems to
confirm my understanding.

The problem begins when one zooms the chart (using so-called rubber band
zooming feature from KDiagram project). Axis ticks and labels are
recalculated but still they are overridden with "hard labels" defined in
the slot body. The number of axis ticks increases and is grater than the
number of hard labels, so the labels are repeated in cycle. In and of
itself it is really a feature rather than a bug but the feature works to
our disadvantage in this case.
Please find below a quote from AbstractAxis Class documentation:
> void AbstractAxis::setLabels( const QStringList & list )
> Use this to specify your own set of strings, to be used as axis
labels.
> Labels specified via setLabels take precedence: If a non-empty list is
passed, KD Chart will use these strings as axis labels, **instead of
calculating them.**
> **If you pass a smaller number of strings than the number of labels
drawn at this axis, KD Chart will repeat the strings until all labels
are drawn**. As an example you could specify the seven days of the week
as abscissa labels, which would be repeatedly used then.

Unfortunately, mere removal of disconnect method call does not solve the
problem but the same documentation provides a way to customize axis
labels when needed. It is done through overriding of `const QString
AbstractAxis::customizedLabel( const QString & label ) const`

My solution proposed in attached patch goes this way and also simplifies
calculations where they seemed over-complicated to me. Please correct my
understanding if i missed the point of removed lines.

Please find attached screenshots before and after the fix.
Balance history chart before fix with no zoom:
{F8268351}
Balance history chart before fix with zoom::
{F8268353}
Balance history chart after fix with no zoom:
{F8268359}
Balance history chart after fix with zoom::
{F8268358}

As a footnote, I would like to sincerely thank to all the people who
have contributed to this project. I started to use KMyMoney recently and
I am surprised how good it is, especially for an open-source project run
by the community. It suits my need for personal finance and
investment-supporting software amazingly well. If you find my
contribution valuable, I would love to provide more patches in the
future if I find more bugs or feel that some feature is missing. In
fact, I have little to no industrial experience in C++ as I work mostly
in Java. Please let me know if I broke any C++ coding rules.

BUG: 420767

Reviewers: #kmymoney, tbaumgart

Reviewed By: #kmymoney, tbaumgart

Subscribers: tbaumgart

Tags: #kmymoney, #kdiagram

Differential Revision: https://phabricator.kde.org/D29255

---
## [Iforgotmybrain/Tales-from-the-Road-Twine-Version](https://github.com/Iforgotmybrain/Tales-from-the-Road-Twine-Version)@[ed968b9b46...](https://github.com/Iforgotmybrain/Tales-from-the-Road-Twine-Version/commit/ed968b9b46e8e8f5c9eb135bf2270f775b2ef667)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 06:08:26 by Dylan Coleman

Remember kids don't write or code at 2 fucking AM

Life is pain, I hate

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[9b264b7436...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/9b264b7436c72863cbaf6f4f37c1ba068a294f01)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 09:35:23 by Marko Grdinić

"7:55am. I slept well and I am not fatigued like I was yesterday. Let me add a point to that review.

///

* As a last point to highlight Fable's lack of design sense for interop, the vanilla arrays are not the same as the ones in JS and it is possible for them to be compiled to fast and fixed typed arrays under the hood. I can understand the reasoning why one might want to do this - [JS typed arrays](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Typed_arrays) really are much closer semantically to .NET arrays than the vanilla ones. There are performance benefits to this. Despite that this kind of thinking is a trap. The authors should have ignored this advantage and have gone for whatever would make interop easier. You do not want to give up prime syntax for some side thing JS rarely ever uses. You don't want to be passing `ResizeArray`s all over the place. BS got this right and actually added some extension methods so that vanilla Ocaml arrays are treated as resizable ones.

///

Added this thing. Let me post it. ...The monthly PL thread is still not up.

8:10am. I'll do it tomorrow or later in the day then. Right now how about I slack a little.

9:05am. Enough slacking. It is time to do some programming. I wasn't really expecting much from Hero's Daughter, but so far it has been more interesting than I thought it would be. I'll be following it.

Let me get into it. I have a bunch of samples left and if I keep up my pace I should be able to finish it by the end of tomorrow.

The next on the list is `proposed-api-sample`. Let me take a look.

...I'll skip this one as it just installs a bunch of strange stuff and I do not want it.

The next is `quickinput-sample`. This one seems good.

9:20am. Focus me.

```
  const options: { [key: string]: (context: ExtensionContext) => Promise<void> } = {
   showQuickPick,
   showInputBox,
   multiStepInput,
   quickOpen,
  };
```

So something like this is possible in TS. Interesting.

9:25am. Ok, I'll touch this example up a little merely to get a sense for it.

```
quickPick.onDidHide(() => quickPick.dispose());
```

Let me remove the wrapping lambda here.

He really shouldn't have split it into multiple files when they are so small to begin with.

9:30am. Wow, multi step input is 300 LOC. I had not expected that!

Well, let me pause the redesign and I'll go through it first.

9:45am. Damn this sample is big. Let me try running it.

The preview was simple enough so I was not expecting this.

9:50am. Ugh, compilation issues due to broken packages. Usually deleting the lock file and node modules fixes this, but it did not work this time.

10am. I do not feel like it, let me take a break.

10:15am. Let me get my focus on.

10:20am. Ok, at first the sample seems very convoluted, but it is pretty straightforward.

10:40am.

```
 private async stepThrough<T>(start: InputStep) {
  let step: InputStep | void = start;
  while (step) {
   this.steps.push(step);
   if (this.current) {
    this.current.enabled = false;
    this.current.busy = true;
   }
   try {
    step = await step(this);
   } catch (err) {
    if (err === InputFlowAction.back) {
     this.steps.pop();
     step = this.steps.pop();
    } else if (err === InputFlowAction.resume) {
     step = this.steps.pop();
    } else if (err === InputFlowAction.cancel) {
     step = undefined;
    } else {
     throw err;
    }
   }
  }
  if (this.current) {
   this.current.dispose();
  }
 }
```

At first I thought of just skipping this sample as it is huge, but now I am thinking that is in fact the ideal redesign target. I should import `rxjs` and redo it using that. I still do not quite get how the views are displayed though.

10:45am.

```
return await new Promise<T | (P extends { buttons: (infer I)[] } ? I : never)>((resolve, reject) => {
```

He is even bringing out the conditional types here. He really has gotten fancy here hasn't he? I am going to show him just how little this complexity means in the face of my power.

11:10am.

```
const input = window.createQuickPick<T>();
```

Ah, there is a difference between `showQuickPick` and `createQuickPick`.

11:30am. Ok, let me stop here. I really am into trying to refactor this thing.

The place where I should start is figuring out where I can make a control that can switch between states. If I can do that, I can do anything else. If I can do that I will be able to greatly simplify this example using the MVU pattern. This is a good spot to do it as an exercise. The entire multistep example is 300 LOC of complex Promise code. It literally uses errors to switch between states. Attrocious.

I wasn't into it at the start, but this kind of challenge fits me like a glove here. This is exactly why I had been studying reactive programming. To clean up things like these.

Though it will take me some time I'll do it. I'll give up on matching me previous example and just like for the call hierarchy and the content provider sample I'll do a proper job of this."

---
## [newstools/2020-naija-news-agency](https://github.com/newstools/2020-naija-news-agency)@[e6b8d6417d...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-naija-news-agency/commit/e6b8d6417d11b62d7f126dc41487ec48098d0268)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 10:19:28 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [naijanewsagency.com/checkout-stunning-photos-of-actor-timini-egbusons-19-year-old-girlfriend-video-of-them-together/]

---
## [djpiggy557/MITHC](https://github.com/djpiggy557/MITHC)@[8bd59e1b48...](https://github.com/djpiggy557/MITHC/commit/8bd59e1b48734fe84c7021d80a47e84c55c1b053)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 10:55:03 by SirOswaldMosley1939

GFX

Fuck you paradox and your shitty file pathing, I hate you so much I will take an MP5 like Postal Redux on steam for £9.99 and go on a rampage killing all of your race mixed employees. In minecraft.

---
## [NetHack/NetHack](https://github.com/NetHack/NetHack)@[4d52332dda...](https://github.com/NetHack/NetHack/commit/4d52332dda48f1a9da637256fd2459fb45730e13)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 13:37:20 by PatR

add two new types of amulet: flying and guarding

We haven't added any new objects or monsters in a really long time.
This adds two new useful amulets, putting more pressure on the
decision over which type of amulet to wear.

amulet of flying:  idea from slash'em, implemented from scratch.
  Should be self-explanatory.  Polymorphing into a form capable of
  eating amulets and then eating one does not confer intrinsic
  flight.  (I've no idea how slash'em behaves is in that regard.)

amulet of guarding:  adds +2 AC, which is fairly negligible, also
  +2 MC, which is not.  Initially called amulet of protection but MC
  of 2 is referred to as 'guarded' by enlightenment so I changed it.
  (By that reasoning, rings of protection ought to be called rings of
  warding; oh, well.)  Successfully eating one confers +2 AC without
  any MC benefit.  When wearing one of these, rings of protection
  only confer AC, their +1 MC gets superseded rather than combined.

Monsters will wear an amulet of guarding and gain both the AC and
MC benefit, but if not cursed and they acquire one of life-saving or
reflection, they'll swap.  They won't wear an amulet of flying.

I cloned two extra copies of the tile for one of the existing amulets
and ran sys/share/objects.txt through renumtiles.pl.  The result
appears to be ok but on X11 the tiles map ends up looking psychedelic
so something beyond the tile art itself needs to be fixed here.

---
## [qubal/angular-task-list](https://github.com/qubal/angular-task-list)@[2d595ddea3...](https://github.com/qubal/angular-task-list/commit/2d595ddea393bdac930db4d7218012b0d26b257b)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 14:48:33 by Valentin Kazancev

fucking fucking fucking stupid god damn unfixable bug

---
## [burnhamup/galaxy-integration-indiegala](https://github.com/burnhamup/galaxy-integration-indiegala)@[6c5c200c90...](https://github.com/burnhamup/galaxy-integration-indiegala/commit/6c5c200c901aa3dcf84672ebfee6d1193478771b)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 15:38:24 by burnhamup

New version to play nice with their cloud protection

If their site suspects you of being a bot, it issues a challenge from a service called Incapsula.

I'm dealing with this by saving all the cookies that the site sets, since I think that might help the site remember who we are if the user passes this check during login.

I also detect this error and try calling lost_authentication. I don't know if it will work.

Annoyingly, there is a bug with the pagination on the IndieGala site which is preventing my library from loading. My theory is that it breaks when it needs to paginate more than 10 items.

---
## [PebblesFaith/Object-Oriented-Programming-in-Java](https://github.com/PebblesFaith/Object-Oriented-Programming-in-Java)@[9dd043e47a...](https://github.com/PebblesFaith/Object-Oriented-Programming-in-Java/commit/9dd043e47abe5377686a587a4f5299d3dc1043da)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 16:49:36 by Sarai Hannah Ajai

Update ReadMeReferenceSemantics.md

Sarai Hannah Ajai had updated her Module 1, Reference Semantics’ Hyperlink to https://1drv.ms/b/s!Ar6iJPTO61dwwQM3sblVySZgxDf2 dated 05-02-20 due to computer hackers had unlawfully deleted her official signed rewritten lecture notes hyperlink posted onto her Microsoft's outlook dated May 1, 2020. (yesterday late afternoon) with a PDF editor version which was held in Microsoft queue then release from Microsoft queue on May 2, 2020 (today), fifteen (15) hours later. And, Sarai Hannah Aja’s  Microsoft outlook email is missing her official signed rewritten lecture notes PDF attachment; after Microsoft had posted to her outlook email accounts in order to manipulate or change my rewritten lecture notes created onto Microsoft's Word document because of particular individual person think, she should be an uneducated and stupid person from birth and he or she has legal rights to my personal credentials for their sole purposes and, Sarai Hannah Ajai is intentionally and deliberately online harassing her from those individual personal ideologies to what he or she thinks about Sarai Hannah Ajai personal educational attainments by ways of computer hacking into her computer devices in order to intentionally manipulate and change Sarai Hannah Ajai Microsoft’s Word documents for criminal intents without a legal warrants due from false impersonations and identity thefts activities.

---
## [asl677/cromwell](https://github.com/asl677/cromwell)@[368a6e4577...](https://github.com/asl677/cromwell/commit/368a6e45778a13c2ebbebe6b74701fbaad0a8ebe)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 17:18:00 by Alex

fuck

- god damn mock up animation fucked cause of intertia scroller fix
- some titling adjustments
- bg color to slate
- mobile header to slate
- mobile mocks spacing

---
## [hoan902/InterStudy](https://github.com/hoan902/InterStudy)@[9f75e1f232...](https://github.com/hoan902/InterStudy/commit/9f75e1f2325b29aae2cb4e760fd9501110bca0fd)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 18:30:49 by anhduc1150

Student dashboard draft

Ask Hoan for avatar src
also fuck you hoan

---
## [Kerbalism/Kerbalism](https://github.com/Kerbalism/Kerbalism)@[822a144ad3...](https://github.com/Kerbalism/Kerbalism/commit/822a144ad3afed640191d0f3742fe5d793c3e47e)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 19:15:26 by Gotmachine

Threaded vessel environment sub-stepping evaluation :

Principle :
- We maintain thread-safe collections of custom objects for all bodies, their orbits and all simulated vessels and their orbits.
- Those objects state is synchronized from the Kerbalism main FU
- A "Step" object is responsible for doing sunlight and thermal fluxes evaluation at the requested future UT.
- Between FU synchronizations, a single worker thread continously update a Step collection, the amount of Step depend on the max timewarp rate and the substepping interval (default 60 seconds)
- At FU synchronization, a variable amount of steps are consumed according to elapsed time
  - If the vessel orbit parameters have been modified, the substeps are discarded, causing the worker thread to re-evaluate all of them ASAP.
- The consumed steps are added to a List inside VesselData
- At the VesselData.EnvironmentUpdate (which happen on slower cycle than FU) :
  - If the elapsed time is higher than two substeps (120 seconds), the steps are processed to give final fluxes values, and the substep list is cleared.
  - Otherwise, a Step is created and evaluated directly from VesselData.EnvironmentUpdate at the current UT, and the (unused) substep list is cleared.
- This allow to reuse (almost) the same evaluation code in both cases
- The same code can potentially be shared for planner calculations (to be validated)
- To ensure thread safety, a complete set of custom orbit/body/vessel classes has been added. There is actually two versions of each, one for the non-threaded step evaluation, one for the threaded evaluation. Only the Step class is common to both systems, and it contains the core evaluation code. This avoid code duplication and ensure we are consistent in our results, but it has some performance side effects (see end notes).

Star/Sun irradiance evaluation was entirely rewritten.
The old code had several issues, in particular with body albedo irradiance / thermal emissive irradiance :
  - It was (relatively) inefficient, duplicating a lot of calculations
  - The distance scaling was just plain wrong
  - It wasn't properly accounting for inter-body occlusion
  - The emissive irradiance formula was uselessly complex and a mess of magic numbers
  - The albedo irradiance scaling with the star-body-observer angle was wrong

The new model :
  - Assume energy conservation : star -> body irradiance is either reflected (albedo) or re-emitted (emissive thermal irradiance)
  - It use only base body properties that we can rely on with some certainty even on custom Kopernicus bodies. Example : it doesnt make sense for a body to have albedo + emissivity > 1, yet the two values can be defined independently. In this specific case we only use albedo and assume emissivity = 1 - albedo.
  - For every value where atmospheric absorbtion matter, we still use the old model formula. I'm not sure how accurate it is, but is *seems* to produce valid results.
  - Take into account the body "coreTemperatureOffset" to determine the body intrinsic thermal irradiance due to various tidal, geothermal or accretional phenomenons
  - Albedo irradiance scaling based on observer phase angle is approximated with a basic square scaling, adjusted using some RL values given by the JPL-HORIZONS ephemeris : https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/horizons.cgi

PERFORMANCE :
Some notes :
- This whole thing work under the assumption that we are able to predict the future faster than the game-time duration of a single FU.
- In theory, if that's not the case, this would "only" result in a less accurate simulation. However, in the current state of the implementation, that result in a deadlock and huge lag spikes.
- Further stress-testing is required with a very large amount of vessels, especially at ultra-high non stock timewarp rates (RO...)
- All measurements were done on my low-to-average potato computer.

The good :
- To keep the body/vessel positions evaluation at any given UT very fast, I partially rewrote the stock methods to use cached positions, ensuring that for a given UT, we only compute each body position once. This remove a good chunk of the performance hit that I experienced in my first attempts.
- All irradiance calcs code is centralized in a single place, avoiding the same things being computed more than one time, and thanks to a very nice formula given by @egg, the whole evaluation is very fast : 0.002-0.004 ms / vessel / step. This gives a figure of about 1.5ms for 10 simulated vessels at max timewarp speed (remember, the total budget is 20 ms)

The not too bad :
- The synchronization from the stock vessel to our custom data takes about 0.01ms / vessel / fixedupdate, meaning the impact is vessel count dependent. Still, it would take 100 vessels for that to hit 1ms, eating 5% of the FU loop. For reference, the baseline CPU usage of Kerbalism is between 0.5 and 2 ms depending on the loaded vessel part count (including partmodules impact)

And the bad : I have to do more fine-grained profiling to really find the issue, but :
- Every vessel step instantiation (and initial orbit evaluation) allocate 0.4-0.8 KB on the heap. With 10 simulated vessels at max timewarp (33 substeps / FU), this gives a figure of 150-250 KB / FU which is... huge...
- This is probably, for the most part, the result of trying to self-contain each step data to make step evaluatin possible from multiple places (worker thread, FU, editor).
- The same portion of code takes about 70% of the total CPU time used, about 0.01 ms / vessel / step, giving a figure of ~5 ms / FU at max timewarp with 10 vessels.
- Consequently, on my machine, with 20 simulated vessels, the worker thread start to hit 15-20 ms, leading to deadlocks with the main thread.

But there is hope :
1. I'm confident the heap allocs can be reduced greatly, I'm really inefficient currently
2. There is probably a bug somewhere with the positions cache, I have trouble explaining where else that much cpu time would be spent other than for recalculating orbits
3. If that isn't isn't enough, there is probably a very large gain by writing an optimized version for substepping, at the cost of code duplication (specific versions for the worker thread / FU)
3. I can probably prevent the main thread deadlock, at the cost of the simulation precision
4. Another solution would be to make the step interval adaptative, but that is quite complex to achieve.

OTHER ISSUES :
- The planner is broken (as usual), will fix later.
- The thermal stats in the body info popup are broken, will fix later.
- Full substeps stack reevaluation on orbit modification is called way too often due to stock orbit parameters baing VERY unstable when not on rails. I don't think it's really possible to fix, this will likely require a more fine grained strategy, maybe :
  - Still do orbit parameters check for on-rails orbits (or maybe just check SOI changes)
  - Continous substep reevaluation on loaded vessels, using the "free" CPU budget left between each FU.
  - On the other hand, I'm not sure how really relevant it is to check for orbit changes. At worst, when going from low to high timewarp speeds, the first few evaluations that will use slightly wrong orbit parameters.

---
## [LemonInTheDark/tgstation](https://github.com/LemonInTheDark/tgstation)@[45435c2bdf...](https://github.com/LemonInTheDark/tgstation/commit/45435c2bdfc10f86a5cb56aee230e730e19e2e43)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 21:13:09 by LemonInTheDark

Makes rarity not suck (#6)

* Fuck you EOF

* Makes rarity not suck

---
## [fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting)@[7a94e86a46...](https://github.com/fuglore/PD2-Hyper-Heisting/commit/7a94e86a462a6ea6657f485683e770453f134975)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 21:14:08 by Neslon-Poggers

trent bugeznor

- implemented convoluted ass buge fix which probably doesn't need to be this extensive in groupaitweakdata for the lapd and nypd folk.
- fuck you

---
## [crawl/crawl](https://github.com/crawl/crawl)@[3419481e97...](https://github.com/crawl/crawl/commit/3419481e9726ae34265ae9b0ace2ed81decb6403)
#### Saturday 2020-05-02 21:57:37 by Edgar A. Bering IV

Don't pain bond friendly and neutral monsters (#1204)

Pain bond is flavored as an "emotional response to pain", but monsters
with different alignments have no positive feelings for one another.

The edge case is surprising and puts a strange disincentive on fighting
certain uniques which lead to neutral mosnters existing.

[ Close #1204 ]

---

# [<](2020-05-01.md) 2020-05-02 [>](2020-05-03.md)

