# [<](2020-04-11.md) 2020-04-12 [>](2020-04-13.md)

139,562 events, 80,302 push events, 118,809 commit messages, 7,434,293 characters


## [newstools/2020-fin24](https://github.com/newstools/2020-fin24)@[177e672151...](https://github.com/newstools/2020-fin24/commit/177e672151e265349d2b5fb03990dd26be736b31)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 22:13:53 by NewsTools

Created Text For URL [www.fin24.com/Opinion/opinion-dear-meetings-please-forgive-us-we-love-you-after-all-20200412]

---
## [LaserEyess/mpv](https://github.com/LaserEyess/mpv)@[77f309c94f...](https://github.com/LaserEyess/mpv/commit/77f309c94ff17f5627290a7a5a4477db714ecd1e)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 22:14:09 by wm4

vo_gpu, options: don't return NaN through API

Internally, vo_gpu uses NaN for some options to indicate a default value
that is different depending on the context (e.g. different scalers).
There are 2 problems with this:

1. you couldn't reset the options to their defaults
2. NaN is a damn mess and shouldn't be part of the API

The option parser already rejected NaN explicitly, which is why 1.
didn't work. Regarding 2., JSON might be a good example, and actually
caused a bug report.

Fix this by mapping NaN to the special value "default". I think I'd
prefer other mechanisms (maybe just having every scaler expose separate
options?), but for now this will do. See you in a future commit, which
painfully deprecates this and replaces it with something else.

I refrained from using "no" (my favorite magic value for "unset" etc.)
because then I'd have e.g. make --no-scale-param1 work, which in
addition to a lot of effort looks dumb and nobody will use it.

Here's also an apology for the shitty added test script.

Fixes: #6691

---
## [LaserEyess/mpv](https://github.com/LaserEyess/mpv)@[5d5fdb77e9...](https://github.com/LaserEyess/mpv/commit/5d5fdb77e990f95e0a51e16c7349a19e8cebc272)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 22:14:09 by wm4

ad_lavc, vd_lavc: return full error codes to shared decoder loop

ad_lavc and vd_lavc use the lavc_process() helper to translate the
FFmpeg push/pull API to the internal filter API (which completely
mismatch, even though I'm responsible for both, just fucking kill me).

This interface was "slightly" too tight. It returned only a bool
indicating "progress", which was not enough to handle some cases (see
following commit).

While we're at it, move all state into a struct. This is only a single
bool, but we get the chance to add more if needed.

This fixes mpv falling asleep if decoding returns an error during
draining. If decoding fails when we already sent EOF, the state machine
stopped making progress. This left mpv just sitting around and doing
nothing.

A test case can be created with: echo $RANDOM >> image.png

This makes libavformat read a proper packet plus a packet of garbage.
libavcodec will decode a frame, and then return an error code. The
lavc_process() wrapper could not deal with this, because there was no
way to differentiate between "retry" and "send new packet". Normally, it
would send a new packet, so decoding would make progress anyway. If
there was "progress", we couldn't just retry, because it'd retry
forever.

This is made worse by the fact that it tries to decode at least two
frames before starting display, meaning it will "sit around and do
nothing" before the picture is displayed.

Change it so that on error return, "receiving" a frame is retried. This
will make it return the EOF, so everything works properly.

This is a high-risk change, because all these funny bullshit exceptions
for hardware decoding are in the way, and I didn't retest them. For
example, if hardware decoding is enabled, it keeps a list of packets,
that are fed into the decoder again if hardware decoding fails, and a
software fallback is performed. Another case of horrifying accidental
complexity.

Fixes: #6618

---
## [LaserEyess/mpv](https://github.com/LaserEyess/mpv)@[d66eb93e5d...](https://github.com/LaserEyess/mpv/commit/d66eb93e5d45892cc0cdd72a579907e251d9953b)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 22:14:09 by wm4

client API: add async path; fix deadlock for vo_libmpv users

In commit 065c307e8e7db, I broke everything. It seemed like a nice idea,
but it explicitly broke an assumption vo_libmpv were explicitly allowed
to make: that observing properties does not lock the core. The commit
did just that and locked the core for property updates. This made for
example mpv's own OSX backend freeze (it uses vo_libmpv for convenience
to make up for Apple's incredibly broken OpenGL shit).

I don't want to revert that commit just because vo_libmpv's design is
horrible. So instead add an optional asynchronous path, that is only
used if vo_libmpv is in use (best idea ever?).

Interestingly, this isn't so hard. It adds about 90 lines of code, which
are only run on OSX and libmpv users, so I don't have to care about the
crashes and weird behavior this might cause. It even worked on the first
try except for a quickly fixed memory leak. The code path can be tested
anywhere by just turning the uses_vo_libmpv condition into always true.

The atomic is out of laziness. Saves some thinking how to get around the
locking order.

---
## [akavel/up](https://github.com/akavel/up)@[5786314a2b...](https://github.com/akavel/up/commit/5786314a2befb546b681dda6eb65a2fbcced402d)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 22:27:35 by Mateusz Czapliński

got logo! :) (#48)

> > how can I credit you for the logo? I'd especially love to put some name(s)
> > behind it if I may, it's always cool to feel a personal connection; I'm happy
> > to put even a long list out there, and with many links, and totally with the
> > name of your company too, which I also highly appreciate for sponsoring this
> > and the implicit endorsement of the project's usability :)
>
> on behalf of GPU Exchange Pty Ltd, the copyright holder, I hereby grant Akavel
> & future maintainers of the UP project a royalty-free, global and irrevocable
> licence to use the chosen logo (version 1) however you see fit in the context
> of the UP project (including but not limited to: general branding, web & print,
> creation of derivative works).
>
> If you want to give credit, I (Thoai Nguyen) came up with the original concept
> on pen & paper, and get it vectorised by our design partner at Many Pixels. A
> backlink to my startup (https://gpu.exchange/) would be much appreciated. ;)

---
## [ale8k/nodescape](https://github.com/ale8k/nodescape)@[844ff342c9...](https://github.com/ale8k/nodescape/commit/844ff342c97350a69ba063431d7efeaebbfcff54)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 22:33:02 by Alexander Kilroy (ale8k)

210 error fix

Packet size was fucking wrong. Stupid shitty dick licky docs........

---
## [janaeknight/emoji](https://github.com/janaeknight/emoji)@[d63a6b93a9...](https://github.com/janaeknight/emoji/commit/d63a6b93a9aa52c1d278edca1dbec7c7606a7a03)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 22:53:45 by Knight

disingenuous update

no changes really. just 75% less rnaomd javascript and 25% less html so that's that I guess.  ̶a̶̶̶n̶̶̶d̶̶̶ ̶̶̶n̶̶̶o̶̶̶w̶̶̶ ̶̶̶t̶̶̶h̶̶̶e̶̶̶r̶̶̶e̶̶̶'̶̶̶s̶̶̶ ̶̶̶s̶̶̶o̶̶̶m̶̶̶e̶̶̶ ̶̶̶s̶̶̶o̶̶̶u̶̶̶n̶̶̶d̶̶̶ ̶̶̶e̶̶̶f̶̶̶f̶̶̶e̶̶̶c̶̶̶t̶̶̶s̶̶̶.̶̶̶ ̶̶̶j̶̶̶u̶̶̶s̶̶̶t̶̶̶ ̶̶̶b̶̶̶e̶̶̶c̶̶̶a̶̶̶u̶̶̶s̶̶̶e̶̶̶.̶̶̶

still not mobile friendly. mobile users can suck it. or i could just make it an app and redirect them to it at that screen size.

yeah, they can suck it.

-= currently missing cheatsheet + smiley window ui and activeZ is over

---
## [g-moskovskyi/rn-test-task-app-aj](https://github.com/g-moskovskyi/rn-test-task-app-aj)@[101edfc4cc...](https://github.com/g-moskovskyi/rn-test-task-app-aj/commit/101edfc4ccc70c6aaeee81a9383455bbe74870e5)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 23:00:26 by George

Create READ.ME

Description:
A one-page application for finding your girlfriend / boyfriend.
The application is a list of all users of the system with filters.
When the application starts, once a list of users by API is obtained.
API:
https://gorest.co.in/public-api/users

Screen - 1:
Search field.
Search - text field, searches by first_name / last_name, filtering is applied after entering more than 2 characters.
List.
The list of all users obtained from the API is divided into sections by the first letter of the first_name field.
List structure example:
...
<A>
# 23 - Annie Hettie - 20 year old - female
# 12 - Albert Johnson - 28 year old - male
# 6 - Alfred Bulma - 28 year old - male
<B>
# 78 - Bob Koa - 54 year old - male
<C>
# 13 - Chris Feather - 19 year old - male
# 8 - Connie Ember - 30 year old - female
...
For users with the status "active" the text color is black, for "inactive" - ​​gray.
After a tap on a list item, a modal window pops up with the text "Do you really want to invite a user with id = {id}?" with the Yes and No buttons.
If “Yes” is clicked, this window closes and the “Invitation Sent” modal window opens with the “OK” button.
The person who was invited to the date is no longer displayed in the list.

Screen - 2:
Filters.
Filters are a set of fields that perform interactive filtering. Filtering occurs without a reboot (on the front-end side), with a delay of filtering call of 400 milliseconds (emulation of using an external API). If all filters are inactive, the entire list is displayed.
Fields:
age - two input fields for numbers, "from" and "to", look for in the specified range, if the start / end is not specified, we consider that there is a minimum / maximum value.
gender - a list with the values ​​"Female", "Male", "Both".
Buttons "Cancel" and "OK"- closes and applies the filter, respectively.
Button "Reset" - resets all field values.

How to use:
git clone https://github.com/g-moskovskyi/rn-test-task-app-aj.git
npm install
expo start

---
## [arturtamborski/gezira](https://github.com/arturtamborski/gezira)@[1aa6fa23ae...](https://github.com/arturtamborski/gezira/commit/1aa6fa23ae87cab6f9495f4ea6ba55a49da6851a)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 23:06:15 by Artur Tamborski

Fix snow-demo and gradient-demo

This repo needs some love - most of the code in demos is outdated,
not-aligned or otherwise faulty, but I managed to build and run
two mentioned programs.

Remember to install libfreetype6-dev and you'll be good to go.

---
## [Mr-Business-Industires/JumbleJamRepoParty](https://github.com/Mr-Business-Industires/JumbleJamRepoParty)@[37c476196c...](https://github.com/Mr-Business-Industires/JumbleJamRepoParty/commit/37c476196cee32744af5de8b4375cf4eee76ba9c)
#### Sunday 2020-04-12 23:51:02 by Eddie Fulton

SFX Changes part 1

Almost finished with sound mapping.
-The walking noise was driving me crazy, but instead of deleting I put it on a delay so now intead of being annoying, its creepy as fuck.
-The items are now all descended from the same blueprint so they can be put into an array. (TODO) This blueprint/class has a play sound function that will be used when the player picks the item up

---

# [<](2020-04-11.md) 2020-04-12 [>](2020-04-13.md)

