# [<](2022-01-04.md) 2022-01-05 [>](2022-01-06.md)

1,834,574 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,834,574 were push events containing 3,334,491 commit messages that amount to 249,068,417 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 23 messages:


## [outreachy/website](https://github.com/outreachy/website)@[38753b4349...](https://github.com/outreachy/website/commit/38753b43496fa76e2eac0b01961342168ae1c763)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 00:26:38 by Sage Sharp

WIP: Attempt #3 (?) to deal with feedback not associated with an internship payment

The questions I put into the new intern and mentor feedback model are
pretty solid.

Ugh, I *hate* the names of these new feedback classes. I think they
should be something like 'Feedback2FromMentor' and 'Feedback2FromIntern'

The fact that we have class names like 'InitialMentorFeedbackv2' is
super confusing.

So, here's the new plan:

MVP
---

x Rename
  Initial{Mentor,Intern}Feedbackv2
  to
  Feedback1From{Mentor,Intern}

x Use Feedback2From{Mentor,Intern} instead of
  Second{Mentor,Intern}Feedback

- Make sure tests pass - tests don't currently pass for the intern
  feedback (which is expected because I didn't update that test yet to
  use the new Feedback2FromIntern fields)

x Manually test that interns and mentors can fill out forms

x Manually test that intern, mentor, and staff views of feedback work

x Make intern and mentor feedback forms have sections

- Move older feedback models to the end of home/models.py and comment
  that they are deprecated

Longer term
---

- Write an export function that exports all prior feedback collected
  - CSV export is probably the easiest format for quick checks
  - JSON export might be nice for preserving data types for data science
  - explore Django management dumpdata command
- Export feedback from all cohorts that are not currently active
- Stop relying on the final payment authorization data to determine if
  an internship is inactive. (See detailed plan below)
- Delete all feedback objects from the website production database

Active contacts changes
---

We need to show all "active" contacts. Active contacts are people who
should be subscribe to the mentor mailing list and/or the Outreachy
Zulip chat. Who an active contact is changes during the year.

When an internship cohort is almost finished, and the community CFP is
open for communities to sign up, the active contact list includes:
 - coordinators from communities approved to participate
 - approved mentors with approved projects from approved communities
 - approved new mentors for internships that are almost over

(The last case is a bit of a corner case that we can handle manually. It
does rarely happen that a mentor gets sick or is otherwise unable to
complete their mentor duties, and we find a replacement mentor. But
usually these cases are something Outreachy organizers are aware of and
can manually add the new mentor to the mailing list and Zulip chat.)

Once internships from the last cohort end, some mentors may choose to
unsubscribe from the mentor mailing list. So we don't want to
re-subscribe a mentor for an internship that has ended.

Once the internships for the new cohort begin, we don't want to
subscribe mentors who didn't select an intern for their project. Some
first-time mentors don't find an intern, decide they don't want to
participate in Outreachy again, and they unsubscribe themselves from the
mentor mailing list. Re-subscribing them causes annoyance.

  - Revise intern review page:
    - make the URL take a cohort
    - Put links to each cohort in a staff dashboard section
    - make sure the intern review page
      displays any details the 'active internships' page currently displays
    - Make intern review page list internships at the top by most recent end
      date (and show feedback status)

  - Put the list of contacts for the current cohort on a different page
    - have the contact list take a RoundPage slug
    - move the instructions about mailman from the staff dashboard here
    - list approved coordinators for all communities
    - list approved coordinators for all communities approved to
      participate in this cohort
    - list all approved mentors with an approved project in a community
      approved to participate in this cohort
    - list all approved mentors for approved projects in approved
      communities with interns who are approved by the Outreachy
      organizers and in good standing
    - list interns approved by Outreachy organizers and in good standing

---
## [flora-pm/flora-server](https://github.com/flora-pm/flora-server)@[d7a044f014...](https://github.com/flora-pm/flora-server/commit/d7a044f014d9a79623a127c01ed61d88d57fb605)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 00:51:04 by Théophile Choutri

Solving the headers crisis

This mechanism is the least insane option I could come up with,
so let's see how it works:

WebEnv is an MVar that gets created in the `authHandler`. It contains
a `FloraEnv`, and a list of cookies. Other fields will be added to it
at a later time.

This MVar is wrapped in a WebEnvStore and is then part of the `Session`
record that is passed to every handler.
Facilities to add cookies and fetch the `FloraEnv` have been created.

At this point, we have a middleware that fetches the content of this
MVar and injects it in the Response Headers.

The last problem is that the `FloraWeb.Server.Util.redirect` function
uses a `throwError` to inject the `Location` header in the `ServerError`
that is thrown, and this seems to bypass the middlewares.

As such, A more general "headers" field will have to be made, and some
nice functions that are specialisations of adding a header will be given
to create a more pleasant experience for redirecting and other things.

---
## [carter-thaxton/mpv](https://github.com/carter-thaxton/mpv)@[f6c81047fa...](https://github.com/carter-thaxton/mpv/commit/f6c81047fa5a9199084fa92327c41c6d8a16b059)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 01:58:13 by wm4

player: do not fall back to a default track with explicit selections

Consider e.g. --aid=2 with a file that has only 1 track. Then it would
fall back to selecting track 1. Stop doing this. If no matching track is
found, this will not select any track now.

Note that the fingerprint stuff (track_layout_hash in the source)
prevents softens the impact of this change. Without the fingerprint,
playing a dual-audio file with the second track selected, and then a
single-audio file, would play the second file without audio. But the
fingerprint resets it due to differences in the track list.

Try to exhaustively document this and tricky interactions between the
other features. What a damn mess, I think it's simply cursed. Of course
it's still my fault.

See: #7608

---
## [TriHardspace/MAXXBox](https://github.com/TriHardspace/MAXXBox)@[f2168238ca...](https://github.com/TriHardspace/MAXXBox/commit/f2168238caf1df6acdf04fa97594cc926a7a3eac)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 02:39:31 by Tyler Hoban

Merge pull request #8 from TriHardspace/main

fuck you jenkins

---
## [noarchwastaken/user.js](https://github.com/noarchwastaken/user.js)@[f8932dced1...](https://github.com/noarchwastaken/user.js/commit/f8932dced142ec5ea633bfb163bfc7579ac38a07)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 04:52:54 by Thorin-Oakenpants

remove ambiguous line

The point was that google have said (stated in policy, but fuck knows where that is located these days) that it is anonymized and not used for tracking. It's an API used by **_4 billion devices_** - the API has privacy policies for use. If a whistleblower or someone else found out that google was using this to enhance their user profiling, then all hell would break loose. And they don't even need this to fuel their ad revenue. It is provided, gratis, to the web to help ensure security - they wouldn't dare taint it and get it caught up in a privacy scandal involving **+4 billion devices_**. And in all this time (since 2007), there has been no such whistleblower or proof it is used to track or announcements by google of changes to the contrary.

Anyway, a quick search brings up
- Here is their policy - https://www.google.com/intl/en_us/privacy/browsing.html - it's empty and points to
- https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/privacy/
   - and if you scroll down to "Safe Browsing practices" it doesn't say anything about privacy policies for the API itself (or the owner of the API) - it just spells out what happens in chrome
- I'm not going to bother to look any further and find a history of policy changes

Anyway, this is Firefox and hashes are part hashes bundled with other real hashes - and we turned off real time binary checks. So this line can fuck the fuck off. It was meant to reassure those who want the security of real-time binary checks, that privacy "shouldn't" be an issue, but I'm not going to expand on it

---
## [tdauth/wowr](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr)@[da9ba905a7...](https://github.com/tdauth/wowr/commit/da9ba905a7dd8da16e4264ad72a58147122e0f08)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 05:03:20 by barade

1.9.7

- Allow Undead and Night Elf citizens to directly build their goldmines instead of housings.
- Add missing hero icon for Cenarius.
- Fix level of Auto Repair ability when constructing a new Power Generator.
- Fix singleplayer detection for generating savecodes.
- Hero Mountain Giant is not affected by Improved Mount anymore.
- Mention Single/Multiplayer in stats multiboard title.
- Remove Cyclone from Cenarius.
- Set the level of research Cheap Evolution from a savecode as well.
- Replace Demon Infernals by creep Infernals for Dark Portal from Archimonde at level 3.
- Store the hero level in the savecode file name.
- Add missing hero icons for Admiral Proudmoore.
- Fix counting sold workers in the stats multiboard.
- Make walls invulnerable.
- Use player colors for font in the stats multiboard.
- Translate tooltips of Summon Lava Spawn into English.
- Increase range of True Sight from Arcane Observatory.
- Revise savecode messages and print a message during hero selection.
- The lowest hero level of playing users will determine the Evolution level of creeps and bosses.
- Improved Mount research increases the sight range and the cargo slots of mounts.
- Fix tooltip of Improved Mount research.
- Add Neutral Goblin Laboratory and Neutral Mercenary Camp to Freelancers to separate upgrades and units from the Hideout.
- Freelancer AI builds these buildings as well as a Power Generator and uses more upgrades.
- Give multiple melee bosses orbs, so they can attack air units.
- Freelancer AI attacks with trained creeps.

---
## [asashour/flutter](https://github.com/asashour/flutter)@[99977cea1c...](https://github.com/asashour/flutter/commit/99977cea1c4ab14dbd46866df8711d5a91af16f9)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 09:05:38 by Pierre-Louis

[Fonts] Update icons (#95007)

* update icons

All existing codepoints are stable, with 2 exceptions `wifi_tethering_error_rounded_sharp` and `wifi_tethering_error_rounded_outlined`.

Add 1028 new icons. Codepoints:
airline_seat_individual_suite_baseline, airline_seat_legroom_reduced_baseline, airline_seat_legroom_normal_baseline, airline_seat_recline_normal_baseline, airline_seat_legroom_extra_baseline, airline_seat_recline_extra_baseline, airline_seat_flat_angled_baseline, align_horizontal_center_baseline, account_balance_wallet_baseline, align_horizontal_right_baseline, arrow_drop_down_circle_baseline, airplanemode_inactive_baseline, align_horizontal_left_baseline, align_vertical_bottom_baseline, align_vertical_center_baseline, admin_panel_settings_baseline, assignment_turned_in_baseline, assistant_navigation_baseline, add_photo_alternate_baseline, airplanemode_active_baseline, assignment_returned_baseline, assistant_direction_baseline, auto_awesome_mosaic_baseline, auto_awesome_motion_baseline, access_time_filled_baseline, accessible_forward_baseline, add_circle_outline_baseline, add_to_home_screen_baseline, align_vertical_top_baseline, arrow_back_ios_new_baseline, arrow_circle_right_baseline, arrow_circle_right_outlined, accessibility_new_baseline, add_shopping_cart_baseline, airline_seat_flat_baseline, arrow_circle_down_baseline, arrow_circle_left_baseline, arrow_circle_left_outlined, arrow_circle_right_rounded, arrow_forward_ios_baseline, assignment_return_baseline, add_location_alt_baseline, airplanemode_off_baseline, app_registration_baseline, app_settings_alt_baseline, arrow_circle_left_rounded, assured_workload_baseline, assured_workload_outlined, account_balance_baseline, airplane_ticket_baseline, airplanemode_on_baseline, airport_shuttle_baseline, alternate_email_baseline, arrow_circle_right_sharp, arrow_circle_up_baseline, arrow_drop_down_baseline, arrow_right_alt_baseline, assignment_late_baseline, assistant_photo_baseline, assured_workload_rounded, auto_fix_normal_baseline, account_circle_baseline, arrow_back_ios_baseline, arrow_circle_left_sharp, arrow_downward_baseline, assignment_ind_baseline, autofps_select_baseline, access_alarms_baseline, accessibility_baseline, add_moderator_baseline, add_to_photos_baseline, airline_stops_baseline, airline_stops_outlined, all_inclusive_baseline, arrow_drop_up_baseline, arrow_forward_baseline, assured_workload_sharp, auto_fix_high_baseline, access_alarm_baseline, account_tree_baseline, add_business_baseline, add_location_baseline, add_reaction_baseline, add_to_drive_baseline, add_to_queue_baseline, airline_stops_rounded, announcement_baseline, app_blocking_baseline, app_shortcut_baseline, app_shortcut_outlined, architecture_baseline, arrow_upward_baseline, aspect_ratio_baseline, attach_email_baseline, attach_money_baseline, auto_awesome_baseline, auto_fix_off_baseline, auto_stories_baseline, access_time_baseline, account_box_baseline, add_a_photo_baseline, add_comment_baseline, add_ic_call_baseline, adf_scanner_baseline, adf_scanner_outlined, agriculture_baseline, amp_stories_baseline, app_shortcut_rounded, apps_outage_baseline, apps_outage_outlined, arrow_right_baseline, attach_file_baseline, attractions_baseline, attribution_baseline, auto_delete_baseline, accessible_baseline, add_circle_baseline, adf_scanner_rounded, airline_stops_sharp, apps_outage_rounded, area_chart_baseline, area_chart_outlined, arrow_back_baseline, arrow_left_baseline, assessment_baseline, assignment_baseline, attachment_baseline, audio_file_baseline, audio_file_outlined, audiotrack_baseline, auto_graph_baseline, add_alarm_baseline, add_alert_baseline, add_chart_baseline, ads_click_baseline, ads_click_outlined, alarm_add_baseline, alarm_off_baseline, all_inbox_baseline, alt_route_baseline, analytics_baseline, animation_baseline, apartment_baseline, app_shortcut_sharp, area_chart_rounded, art_track_baseline, assistant_baseline, audio_file_rounded, autorenew_baseline, ad_units_baseline, add_call_baseline, add_card_baseline, add_card_outlined, add_link_baseline, add_road_baseline, add_task_baseline, addchart_baseline, adf_scanner_sharp, ads_click_rounded, airlines_baseline, airlines_outlined, alarm_on_baseline, approval_baseline, apps_outage_sharp, av_timer_baseline, ac_unit_baseline, add_box_baseline, add_card_rounded, airlines_rounded, airplay_baseline, all_out_baseline, android_baseline, archive_baseline, area_chart_sharp, article_baseline, audio_file_sharp, adjust_baseline, ads_click_sharp, anchor_baseline, add_card_sharp, adobe_baseline, adobe_outlined, airlines_sharp, alarm_baseline, album_baseline, apple_baseline, apple_outlined, adobe_rounded, apple_rounded, apps_baseline, abc_baseline, abc_outlined, adb_baseline, add_baseline, air_baseline, aod_baseline, api_baseline, atm_baseline, abc_rounded, adobe_sharp, apple_sharp, abc_sharp, baby_changing_station_baseline, battery_charging_full_baseline, browser_not_supported_baseline, bluetooth_connected_baseline, bluetooth_searching_baseline, bluetooth_disabled_baseline, branding_watermark_baseline, border_horizontal_baseline, brightness_medium_baseline, batch_prediction_baseline, bookmark_outline_baseline, breakfast_dining_baseline, battery_unknown_baseline, bluetooth_audio_baseline, bluetooth_drive_baseline, bookmark_border_baseline, bookmark_remove_baseline, border_vertical_baseline, brightness_auto_baseline, brightness_high_baseline, browser_updated_baseline, browser_updated_outlined, business_center_baseline, bedroom_parent_baseline, bookmark_added_baseline, brightness_low_baseline, browse_gallery_baseline, browse_gallery_outlined, browser_updated_rounded, bakery_dining_baseline, battery_alert_baseline, battery_saver_baseline, bedroom_child_baseline, block_flipped_baseline, blur_circular_baseline, border_bottom_baseline, browse_gallery_rounded, brunch_dining_baseline, backup_table_baseline, battery_full_baseline, beach_access_baseline, bedroom_baby_baseline, bike_scooter_baseline, bookmark_add_baseline, border_clear_baseline, border_color_baseline, border_inner_baseline, border_outer_baseline, border_right_baseline, border_style_baseline, brightness_5_baseline, brightness_4_baseline, brightness_1_baseline, brightness_7_baseline, brightness_6_baseline, brightness_3_baseline, brightness_2_baseline, broken_image_baseline, browser_updated_sharp, bubble_chart_baseline, build_circle_baseline, battery_std_baseline, bedtime_off_baseline, bedtime_off_outlined, blur_linear_baseline, book_online_baseline, border_left_baseline, browse_gallery_sharp, bedtime_off_rounded, border_all_baseline, border_top_baseline, bug_report_baseline, burst_mode_baseline, back_hand_baseline, back_hand_outlined, backspace_baseline, bar_chart_baseline, bloodtype_baseline, bluetooth_baseline, bookmarks_baseline, bus_alert_baseline, back_hand_rounded, backpack_baseline, bathroom_baseline, bedtime_off_sharp, beenhere_baseline, blur_off_baseline, bookmark_baseline, bungalow_baseline, business_baseline, balance_baseline, balance_outlined, balcony_baseline, bathtub_baseline, bedtime_baseline, biotech_baseline, blender_baseline, blur_on_baseline, back_hand_sharp, backup_baseline, balance_rounded, ballot_baseline, badge_baseline, bento_baseline, block_baseline, brush_baseline, build_baseline, balance_sharp, bolt_baseline, book_baseline, bed_baseline, boy_baseline, boy_outlined, boy_rounded, boy_sharp, check_box_outline_blank_baseline, closed_caption_disabled_baseline, connect_without_contact_baseline, control_point_duplicate_baseline, call_missed_outgoing_baseline, cancel_schedule_send_baseline, check_circle_outline_baseline, circle_notifications_baseline, collections_bookmark_baseline, content_paste_search_baseline, content_paste_search_outlined, calendar_view_month_baseline, cancel_presentation_baseline, center_focus_strong_baseline, chat_bubble_outline_baseline, compass_calibration_baseline, confirmation_number_baseline, connecting_airports_baseline, connecting_airports_outlined, content_paste_search_rounded, calendar_view_week_baseline, cast_for_education_baseline, chrome_reader_mode_baseline, closed_caption_off_baseline, connecting_airports_rounded, calendar_view_day_baseline, candlestick_chart_baseline, candlestick_chart_outlined, center_focus_weak_baseline, cleaning_services_baseline, comments_disabled_baseline, comments_disabled_outlined, content_paste_off_baseline, content_paste_search_sharp, create_new_folder_baseline, currency_exchange_baseline, currency_exchange_outlined, candlestick_chart_rounded, catching_pokemon_baseline, charging_station_baseline, close_fullscreen_baseline, comments_disabled_rounded, confirmation_num_baseline, connecting_airports_sharp, content_paste_go_baseline, content_paste_go_outlined, currency_bitcoin_baseline, currency_bitcoin_outlined, currency_exchange_rounded, card_membership_baseline, contact_support_baseline, content_paste_go_rounded, credit_card_off_baseline, currency_bitcoin_rounded, calendar_month_baseline, calendar_month_outlined, calendar_today_baseline, call_to_action_baseline, camera_enhance_baseline, camera_outdoor_baseline, candlestick_chart_sharp, cast_connected_baseline, change_history_baseline, child_friendly_baseline, closed_caption_baseline, cloud_download_baseline, cloudy_snowing_baseline, comments_disabled_sharp, compare_arrows_baseline, control_camera_baseline, corporate_fare_baseline, crop_landscape_baseline, currency_exchange_sharp, currency_franc_baseline, currency_franc_outlined, currency_pound_baseline, currency_pound_outlined, currency_ruble_baseline, currency_ruble_outlined, currency_rupee_baseline, currency_rupee_outlined, calendar_month_rounded, call_received_baseline, camera_indoor_baseline, card_giftcard_baseline, change_circle_baseline, checklist_rtl_baseline, chevron_right_baseline, contact_phone_baseline, content_paste_baseline, content_paste_go_sharp, control_point_baseline, crop_original_baseline, crop_portrait_baseline, currency_bitcoin_sharp, currency_franc_rounded, currency_lira_baseline, currency_lira_outlined, currency_pound_rounded, currency_ruble_rounded, currency_rupee_rounded, currency_yuan_baseline, currency_yuan_outlined, camera_front_baseline, cameraswitch_baseline, check_circle_baseline, chevron_left_baseline, cloud_circle_baseline, cloud_upload_baseline, coffee_maker_baseline, comment_bank_baseline, connected_tv_baseline, construction_baseline, contact_mail_baseline, contact_page_baseline, content_copy_baseline, credit_score_baseline, cruelty_free_baseline, cruelty_free_outlined, currency_lira_rounded, currency_yen_baseline, currency_yen_outlined, currency_yuan_rounded, calendar_month_sharp, call_missed_baseline, camera_rear_baseline, camera_roll_baseline, card_travel_baseline, celebration_baseline, chat_bubble_baseline, clean_hands_baseline, cloud_queue_baseline, collections_baseline, contactless_baseline, content_cut_baseline, coronavirus_baseline, countertops_baseline, credit_card_baseline, crop_rotate_baseline, crop_square_baseline, cruelty_free_rounded, currency_franc_sharp, currency_pound_sharp, currency_ruble_sharp, currency_rupee_sharp, currency_yen_rounded, call_merge_baseline, call_split_baseline, camera_alt_baseline, car_rental_baseline, car_repair_baseline, cell_tower_baseline, cell_tower_outlined, child_care_baseline, cloud_done_baseline, cloud_sync_baseline, cloud_sync_outlined, co_present_baseline, co_present_outlined, color_lens_baseline, currency_lira_sharp, currency_yuan_sharp, calculate_baseline, call_made_baseline, carpenter_baseline, cell_tower_rounded, cell_wifi_baseline, chair_alt_baseline, check_box_baseline, checklist_baseline, checkroom_baseline, clear_all_baseline, cloud_off_baseline, cloud_sync_rounded, co_present_rounded, copyright_baseline, crop_16_9_baseline, crop_free_baseline, cruelty_free_sharp, currency_yen_sharp, call_end_baseline, campaign_baseline, category_baseline, code_off_baseline, colorize_baseline, compress_baseline, computer_baseline, contacts_baseline, contrast_baseline, contrast_outlined, copy_all_baseline, crop_din_baseline, crop_5_4_baseline, crop_7_5_baseline, crop_3_2_baseline, cell_tower_sharp, cloud_sync_sharp, co_present_sharp, comment_baseline, commute_baseline, compare_baseline, compost_baseline, compost_outlined, contrast_rounded, cottage_baseline, cached_baseline, camera_baseline, cancel_baseline, casino_baseline, castle_baseline, castle_outlined, chalet_baseline, church_baseline, church_outlined, circle_baseline, coffee_baseline, commit_baseline, commit_outlined, compost_rounded, cookie_baseline, cookie_outlined, create_baseline, cabin_baseline, cable_baseline, cases_baseline, castle_rounded, chair_baseline, check_baseline, church_rounded, class_baseline, clear_baseline, close_baseline, cloud_baseline, commit_rounded, contrast_sharp, cookie_rounded, cake_baseline, call_baseline, cast_baseline, chat_baseline, code_baseline, compost_sharp, copy_baseline, crib_baseline, crop_baseline, castle_sharp, church_sharp, co2_baseline, co2_outlined, commit_sharp, cookie_sharp, css_baseline, css_outlined, cut_baseline, co2_rounded, css_rounded, co2_sharp, css_sharp, do_not_disturb_on_total_silence_baseline, directions_railway_filled_baseline, directions_transit_filled_baseline, drive_file_rename_outline_baseline, directions_subway_filled_baseline, desktop_access_disabled_baseline, drive_file_move_outline_baseline, directions_boat_filled_baseline, directions_bus_filled_baseline, directions_car_filled_baseline, download_for_offline_baseline, dashboard_customize_baseline, developer_board_off_baseline, disabled_by_default_baseline, domain_verification_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_outlined, drive_folder_upload_baseline, directions_railway_baseline, directions_transit_baseline, do_not_disturb_alt_baseline, do_not_disturb_off_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_rounded, data_thresholding_baseline, data_thresholding_outlined, device_thermostat_baseline, directions_subway_baseline, do_not_disturb_on_baseline, data_exploration_baseline, data_exploration_outlined, data_thresholding_rounded, directions_ferry_baseline, directions_train_baseline, disabled_visible_baseline, disabled_visible_outlined, display_settings_baseline, display_settings_outlined, dnd_forwardslash_baseline, document_scanner_baseline, drive_file_move_rtl_sharp, data_exploration_rounded, delivery_dining_baseline, departure_board_baseline, design_services_baseline, desktop_windows_baseline, developer_board_baseline, directions_bike_baseline, directions_boat_baseline, directions_walk_baseline, disabled_visible_rounded, display_settings_rounded, domain_disabled_baseline, downhill_skiing_baseline, drive_file_move_baseline, data_saver_off_baseline, data_thresholding_sharp, delete_forever_baseline, delete_outline_baseline, density_medium_baseline, density_medium_outlined, developer_mode_baseline, device_unknown_baseline, directions_bus_baseline, directions_car_baseline, directions_off_baseline, directions_run_baseline, do_disturb_alt_baseline, do_disturb_off_baseline, do_not_disturb_baseline, drag_indicator_baseline, data_exploration_sharp, data_saver_on_baseline, density_large_baseline, density_large_outlined, density_medium_rounded, density_small_baseline, density_small_outlined, devices_other_baseline, dinner_dining_baseline, disabled_visible_sharp, display_settings_sharp, do_disturb_on_baseline, download_done_baseline, delete_sweep_baseline, density_large_rounded, density_small_rounded, do_not_touch_baseline, done_outline_baseline, door_sliding_baseline, double_arrow_baseline, dry_cleaning_baseline, dynamic_feed_baseline, dynamic_form_baseline, data_object_baseline, data_object_outlined, density_medium_sharp, description_baseline, desktop_mac_baseline, do_not_step_baseline, donut_large_baseline, donut_small_baseline, downloading_baseline, drag_handle_baseline, data_array_baseline, data_array_outlined, data_object_rounded, data_usage_baseline, date_range_baseline, density_large_sharp, density_small_sharp, device_hub_baseline, dialer_sip_baseline, difference_baseline, difference_outlined, directions_baseline, dirty_lens_baseline, do_disturb_baseline, domain_add_baseline, domain_add_outlined, door_front_baseline, dangerous_baseline, dark_mode_baseline, dashboard_baseline, data_array_rounded, difference_rounded, disc_full_baseline, domain_add_rounded, door_back_baseline, drive_eta_baseline, data_object_sharp, deselect_baseline, deselect_outlined, discount_baseline, discount_outlined, done_all_baseline, doorbell_baseline, download_baseline, data_array_sharp, deselect_rounded, details_baseline, devices_baseline, dialpad_baseline, diamond_baseline, diamond_outlined, difference_sharp, discord_baseline, discord_outlined, discount_rounded, domain_add_sharp, deblur_baseline, deblur_outlined, dehaze_baseline, delete_baseline, diamond_rounded, dining_baseline, discord_rounded, domain_baseline, drafts_baseline, deblur_rounded, deselect_sharp, discount_sharp, deck_baseline, diamond_sharp, discord_sharp, dock_baseline, done_baseline, draw_baseline, draw_outlined, deblur_sharp, dns_baseline, draw_rounded, dry_baseline, duo_baseline, dvr_baseline, draw_sharp, 4g_plus_mobiledata_baseline, 4g_mobiledata_baseline, 4k_plus_baseline, 4mp_baseline, 4k_baseline, 5k_plus_baseline, 5mp_baseline, 5g_baseline, 5k_baseline, 8k_plus_baseline, 8mp_baseline, 8k_baseline, 1x_mobiledata_baseline, 1k_plus_baseline, 18mp_baseline, 15mp_baseline, 14mp_baseline, 19mp_baseline, 11mp_baseline, 17mp_baseline, 16mp_baseline, 13mp_baseline, 12mp_baseline, 10mp_baseline, 123_baseline, 123_outlined, 10k_baseline, 123_rounded, 1k_baseline, 123_sharp, enhance_photo_translate_baseline, emoji_transportation_baseline, electrical_services_baseline, emoji_food_beverage_baseline, enhanced_encryption_baseline, edit_notifications_baseline, expand_circle_down_baseline, expand_circle_down_outlined, edit_location_alt_baseline, electric_rickshaw_baseline, escalator_warning_baseline, expand_circle_down_rounded, electric_scooter_baseline, exposure_minus_1_baseline, exposure_minus_2_baseline, earbuds_battery_baseline, edgesensor_high_baseline, edit_attributes_baseline, event_available_baseline, expand_circle_down_sharp, exposure_plus_1_baseline, exposure_plus_2_baseline, edgesensor_low_baseline, electric_moped_baseline, emoji_emotions_baseline, exposure_neg_1_baseline, exposure_neg_2_baseline, edit_calendar_baseline, edit_calendar_outlined, edit_location_baseline, elderly_woman_baseline, elderly_woman_outlined, electric_bike_baseline, emoji_objects_baseline, emoji_symbols_baseline, error_outline_baseline, exposure_zero_baseline, extension_off_baseline, e_mobiledata_baseline, edit_calendar_rounded, elderly_woman_rounded, electric_car_baseline, emoji_events_baseline, emoji_nature_baseline, emoji_people_baseline, event_repeat_baseline, event_repeat_outlined, emoji_flags_baseline, engineering_baseline, euro_symbol_baseline, event_repeat_rounded, exit_to_app_baseline, expand_less_baseline, expand_more_baseline, explore_off_baseline, edit_calendar_sharp, elderly_woman_sharp, ev_station_baseline, event_busy_baseline, event_note_baseline, event_seat_baseline, edit_note_baseline, edit_note_outlined, edit_road_baseline, emergency_baseline, emergency_outlined, equalizer_baseline, escalator_baseline, event_repeat_sharp, extension_baseline, edit_note_rounded, edit_off_baseline, elevator_baseline, emergency_rounded, explicit_baseline, exposure_baseline, earbuds_baseline, egg_alt_baseline, egg_alt_outlined, elderly_baseline, explore_baseline, edit_note_sharp, egg_alt_rounded, emergency_sharp, expand_baseline, eject_baseline, email_baseline, error_baseline, event_baseline, east_baseline, edit_baseline, egg_alt_sharp, euro_baseline, eco_baseline, egg_baseline, egg_outlined, egg_rounded, egg_sharp, 2k_plus_baseline, 24mp_baseline, 21mp_baseline, 23mp_baseline, 22mp_baseline, 20mp_baseline, 2mp_baseline, 2k_baseline, 3g_mobiledata_baseline, 30fps_select_baseline, 3d_rotation_baseline, 3k_plus_baseline, 30fps_baseline, 360_baseline, 3mp_baseline, 3k_baseline, 3p_baseline, 60fps_select_baseline, 6_ft_apart_baseline, 6k_plus_baseline, 60fps_baseline, 6mp_baseline, 6k_baseline, 7k_plus_baseline, 7mp_baseline, 7k_baseline, 9k_plus_baseline, 9mp_baseline, 9k_baseline, format_textdirection_l_to_r_baseline, format_textdirection_r_to_l_baseline, format_list_numbered_rtl_baseline, face_retouching_natural_baseline, format_indent_decrease_baseline, format_indent_increase_baseline, format_align_justify_baseline, format_list_bulleted_baseline, format_list_numbered_baseline, format_strikethrough_baseline, face_retouching_off_baseline, fiber_manual_record_baseline, filter_center_focus_baseline, flip_camera_android_baseline, format_align_center_baseline, format_line_spacing_baseline, featured_play_list_baseline, fiber_smart_record_baseline, file_download_done_baseline, format_align_right_baseline, format_color_reset_baseline, file_download_off_baseline, filter_tilt_shift_baseline, fire_extinguisher_baseline, font_download_off_baseline, format_align_left_baseline, format_color_fill_baseline, format_color_text_baseline, format_underlined_baseline, free_cancellation_baseline, free_cancellation_outlined, favorite_outline_baseline, follow_the_signs_baseline, format_underline_baseline, forward_to_inbox_baseline, free_cancellation_rounded, family_restroom_baseline, favorite_border_baseline, filter_list_alt_baseline, filter_list_off_baseline, filter_list_off_outlined, flip_camera_ios_baseline, format_overline_baseline, format_overline_outlined, fullscreen_exit_baseline, featured_video_baseline, filter_alt_off_baseline, filter_alt_off_outlined, filter_b_and_w_baseline, filter_list_off_rounded, filter_vintage_baseline, fitness_center_baseline, flashlight_off_baseline, flight_takeoff_baseline, folder_special_baseline, format_overline_rounded, free_breakfast_baseline, free_cancellation_sharp, file_download_baseline, filter_alt_off_rounded, filter_9_plus_baseline, filter_frames_baseline, flashlight_on_baseline, flip_to_front_baseline, folder_delete_baseline, folder_delete_outlined, folder_shared_baseline, font_download_baseline, format_italic_baseline, format_shapes_baseline, fast_forward_baseline, file_present_baseline, filter_drama_baseline, filter_list_off_sharp, find_in_page_baseline, find_replace_baseline, fire_hydrant_baseline, flight_class_baseline, flight_class_outlined, flip_to_back_baseline, flutter_dash_baseline, folder_delete_rounded, format_clear_baseline, format_overline_sharp, format_paint_baseline, format_quote_baseline, fast_rewind_baseline, file_upload_baseline, filter_alt_off_sharp, filter_list_baseline, filter_none_baseline, fingerprint_baseline, flag_circle_baseline, flag_circle_outlined, flight_class_rounded, flight_land_baseline, flourescent_baseline, folder_copy_baseline, folder_copy_outlined, folder_open_baseline, format_bold_baseline, format_size_baseline, fact_check_baseline, filter_alt_baseline, filter_hdr_baseline, first_page_baseline, fit_screen_baseline, flag_circle_rounded, flash_auto_baseline, folder_copy_rounded, folder_delete_sharp, folder_off_baseline, folder_off_outlined, folder_zip_baseline, folder_zip_outlined, fork_right_baseline, fork_right_outlined, forward_10_baseline, forward_30_baseline, foundation_baseline, front_hand_baseline, front_hand_outlined, fullscreen_baseline, fiber_dvr_baseline, fiber_new_baseline, fiber_pin_baseline, file_copy_baseline, file_open_baseline, file_open_outlined, fireplace_baseline, flash_off_baseline, flight_class_sharp, folder_off_rounded, folder_zip_rounded, food_bank_baseline, fork_left_baseline, fork_left_outlined, fork_right_rounded, forward_5_baseline, front_hand_rounded, functions_baseline, facebook_baseline, fastfood_baseline, favorite_baseline, feedback_baseline, festival_baseline, file_open_rounded, filter_8_baseline, filter_5_baseline, filter_4_baseline, filter_9_baseline, filter_1_baseline, filter_7_baseline, filter_6_baseline, filter_3_baseline, filter_2_baseline, flag_circle_sharp, flash_on_baseline, flatware_baseline, fmd_good_baseline, folder_copy_sharp, fork_left_rounded, factory_baseline, factory_outlined, fmd_bad_baseline, folder_off_sharp, folder_zip_sharp, fork_right_sharp, forward_baseline, front_hand_sharp, factory_rounded, female_baseline, file_open_sharp, filter_baseline, fitbit_baseline, fitbit_outlined, flight_baseline, folder_baseline, forest_baseline, forest_outlined, fork_left_sharp, fence_baseline, fitbit_rounded, flaky_baseline, flare_baseline, foggy_baseline, forest_rounded, forum_baseline, face_baseline, factory_sharp, feed_baseline, flag_baseline, flip_baseline, fort_baseline, fort_outlined, fax_baseline, fax_outlined, fitbit_sharp, forest_sharp, fort_rounded, fax_rounded, fort_sharp, fax_sharp, generating_tokens_baseline, generating_tokens_outlined, generating_tokens_rounded, grid_goldenratio_baseline, generating_tokens_sharp, gps_not_fixed_baseline, g_mobiledata_baseline, group_remove_baseline, group_remove_outlined, g_translate_baseline, golf_course_baseline, group_remove_rounded, graphic_eq_baseline, group_work_baseline, gpp_maybe_baseline, gps_fixed_baseline, grid_view_baseline, group_add_baseline, group_off_baseline, group_off_outlined, group_remove_sharp, gpp_good_baseline, gradient_baseline, grid_4x4_baseline, grid_3x3_baseline, grid_off_baseline, group_off_rounded, gamepad_baseline, gesture_baseline, get_app_baseline, gif_box_baseline, gif_box_outlined, gpp_bad_baseline, gps_off_baseline, grading_baseline, grid_on_baseline, garage_baseline, gif_box_rounded, group_off_sharp, groups_baseline, games_baseline, gavel_baseline, grade_baseline, grain_baseline, grass_baseline, group_baseline, gif_box_sharp, girl_baseline, girl_outlined, gite_baseline, gif_baseline, girl_rounded, girl_sharp, horizontal_distribute_baseline, hdr_enhanced_select_baseline, home_repair_service_baseline, headphones_battery_baseline, history_toggle_off_baseline, hourglass_disabled_baseline, h_plus_mobiledata_baseline, health_and_safety_baseline, hearing_disabled_baseline, highlight_remove_baseline, horizontal_split_baseline, hourglass_bottom_baseline, hdr_auto_select_baseline, holiday_village_baseline, horizontal_rule_baseline, hourglass_empty_baseline, hdr_off_select_baseline, hourglass_full_baseline, hdr_on_select_baseline, highlight_alt_baseline, highlight_off_baseline, hourglass_top_baseline, h_mobiledata_baseline, heart_broken_baseline, heart_broken_outlined, help_outline_baseline, high_quality_baseline, house_siding_baseline, headset_mic_baseline, headset_off_baseline, heart_broken_rounded, help_center_baseline, hide_source_baseline, history_edu_baseline, home_filled_baseline, hotel_class_baseline, hotel_class_outlined, how_to_vote_baseline, hdr_strong_baseline, headphones_baseline, hide_image_baseline, hotel_class_rounded, how_to_reg_baseline, handshake_baseline, handshake_outlined, heart_broken_sharp, highlight_baseline, home_mini_baseline, home_work_baseline, houseboat_baseline, handshake_rounded, handyman_baseline, hardware_baseline, hdr_auto_baseline, hdr_plus_baseline, hdr_weak_baseline, home_max_baseline, hotel_class_sharp, hdr_off_baseline, headset_baseline, healing_baseline, hearing_baseline, hexagon_baseline, hexagon_outlined, history_baseline, hls_off_baseline, hls_off_outlined, hot_tub_baseline, handshake_sharp, hdr_on_baseline, height_baseline, hexagon_rounded, hiking_baseline, hls_off_rounded, hotel_baseline, house_baseline, https_baseline, hail_baseline, help_baseline, hevc_baseline, hexagon_sharp, hive_baseline, hive_outlined, hls_off_sharp, home_baseline, html_baseline, html_outlined, http_baseline, hvac_baseline, hive_rounded, hls_baseline, hls_outlined, html_rounded, hub_baseline, hub_outlined, hd_baseline, hls_rounded, hub_rounded, hive_sharp, html_sharp, hls_sharp, hub_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_right_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_right_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_down_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_down_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_left_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_left_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_right_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_down_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_left_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_right_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_up_baseline, keyboard_double_arrow_up_outlined, keyboard_double_arrow_down_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_left_sharp, keyboard_double_arrow_up_rounded, keyboard_double_arrow_up_sharp, keyboard_arrow_right_baseline, keyboard_command_key_baseline, keyboard_command_key_outlined, keyboard_control_key_baseline, keyboard_control_key_outlined, keyboard_arrow_down_baseline, keyboard_arrow_left_baseline, keyboard_command_key_rounded, keyboard_control_key_rounded, keyboard_option_key_baseline, keyboard_option_key_outlined, keyboard_backspace_baseline, keyboard_option_key_rounded, keyboard_arrow_up_baseline, keyboard_capslock_baseline, keyboard_command_key_sharp, keyboard_control_key_sharp, keyboard_control_baseline, keyboard_option_key_sharp, keyboard_return_baseline, keyboard_voice_baseline, keyboard_hide_baseline, kebab_dining_baseline, kebab_dining_outlined, keyboard_alt_baseline, keyboard_tab_baseline, kebab_dining_rounded, kitesurfing_baseline, kebab_dining_sharp, kayaking_baseline, keyboard_baseline, king_bed_baseline, key_off_baseline, key_off_outlined, kitchen_baseline, key_off_rounded, key_off_sharp, key_baseline, key_outlined, key_rounded, key_sharp, label_important_outline_baseline, local_convenience_store_baseline, local_fire_department_baseline, local_laundry_service_baseline, local_grocery_store_baseline, lte_plus_mobiledata_baseline, leave_bags_at_home_baseline, location_searching_baseline, laptop_chromebook_baseline, library_add_check_baseline, lightbulb_outline_baseline, local_gas_station_baseline, local_post_office_baseline, location_disabled_baseline, local_attraction_baseline, local_print_shop_baseline, local_restaurant_baseline, location_history_baseline, label_important_baseline, local_printshop_baseline, laptop_windows_baseline, local_activity_baseline, local_car_wash_baseline, local_hospital_baseline, local_pharmacy_baseline, local_shipping_baseline, lte_mobiledata_baseline, label_outline_baseline, legend_toggle_baseline, library_books_baseline, library_music_baseline, linked_camera_baseline, local_airport_baseline, local_florist_baseline, local_library_baseline, local_parking_baseline, location_city_baseline, layers_clear_baseline, linear_scale_baseline, local_dining_baseline, local_movies_baseline, local_police_baseline, location_off_baseline, location_pin_baseline, lock_outline_baseline, low_priority_baseline, lunch_dining_baseline, leaderboard_baseline, leak_remove_baseline, library_add_baseline, line_weight_baseline, local_drink_baseline, local_hotel_baseline, local_offer_baseline, local_phone_baseline, local_pizza_baseline, location_on_baseline, laptop_mac_baseline, light_mode_baseline, line_style_baseline, local_cafe_baseline, local_mall_baseline, local_play_baseline, local_taxi_baseline, lock_clock_baseline, lock_reset_baseline, lock_reset_outlined, label_off_baseline, landscape_baseline, last_page_baseline, lens_blur_baseline, lightbulb_baseline, line_axis_baseline, line_axis_outlined, live_help_baseline, local_atm_baseline, local_bar_baseline, local_see_baseline, lock_open_baseline, lock_reset_rounded, looks_one_baseline, looks_two_baseline, language_baseline, leak_add_baseline, line_axis_rounded, link_off_baseline, list_alt_baseline, logo_dev_baseline, logo_dev_outlined, live_tv_baseline, lock_reset_sharp, logo_dev_rounded, looks_5_baseline, looks_4_baseline, looks_6_baseline, looks_3_baseline, loyalty_baseline, luggage_baseline, laptop_baseline, launch_baseline, layers_baseline, line_axis_sharp, liquor_baseline, living_baseline, logout_baseline, label_baseline, light_baseline, login_baseline, logo_dev_sharp, looks_baseline, loupe_baseline, lens_baseline, link_baseline, list_baseline, lock_baseline, loop_baseline, lan_baseline, lan_outlined, lan_rounded, lan_sharp, integration_instructions_baseline, indeterminate_check_box_baseline, insert_chart_outlined_baseline, image_not_supported_baseline, image_aspect_ratio_baseline, imagesearch_roller_baseline, important_devices_baseline, incomplete_circle_baseline, incomplete_circle_outlined, insert_drive_file_baseline, insert_invitation_baseline, insert_page_break_baseline, insert_page_break_outlined, invert_colors_off_baseline, incomplete_circle_rounded, insert_page_break_rounded, interpreter_mode_baseline, interpreter_mode_outlined, invert_colors_on_baseline, import_contacts_baseline, insert_emoticon_baseline, install_desktop_baseline, install_desktop_outlined, interpreter_mode_rounded, incomplete_circle_sharp, insert_comment_baseline, insert_page_break_sharp, install_desktop_rounded, install_mobile_baseline, install_mobile_outlined, import_export_baseline, install_mobile_rounded, interpreter_mode_sharp, invert_colors_baseline, image_search_baseline, info_outline_baseline, insert_chart_baseline, insert_photo_baseline, install_desktop_sharp, ice_skating_baseline, insert_link_baseline, install_mobile_sharp, inventory_2_baseline, interests_baseline, interests_outlined, inventory_baseline, ios_share_baseline, icecream_baseline, insights_baseline, interests_rounded, interests_sharp, image_baseline, inbox_baseline, input_baseline, info_baseline, iron_baseline, iso_baseline, javascript_baseline, javascript_outlined, join_inner_baseline, join_inner_outlined, join_right_baseline, join_right_outlined, javascript_rounded, join_full_baseline, join_full_outlined, join_inner_rounded, join_left_baseline, join_left_outlined, join_right_rounded, join_full_rounded, join_left_rounded, javascript_sharp, join_inner_sharp, join_right_sharp, join_full_sharp, join_left_sharp, online_prediction_baseline, open_in_browser_baseline, open_in_new_off_baseline, ondemand_video_baseline, offline_share_baseline, outdoor_grill_baseline, outgoing_mail_baseline, outlined_flag_baseline, offline_bolt_baseline, open_in_full_baseline, other_houses_baseline, offline_pin_baseline, open_in_new_baseline, open_with_baseline, outbound_baseline, opacity_baseline, outbond_baseline, outbox_baseline, outlet_baseline, output_baseline, output_outlined, output_rounded, output_sharp, no_encryption_gmailerrorred_baseline, notification_important_baseline, notifications_active_baseline, notifications_paused_baseline, not_listed_location_baseline, notifications_none_baseline, notifications_off_baseline, near_me_disabled_baseline, nightlight_round_baseline, notification_add_baseline, notifications_on_baseline, navigate_before_baseline, no_meals_ouline_baseline, no_meeting_room_baseline, network_locked_baseline, no_photography_baseline, nordic_walking_baseline, not_accessible_baseline, not_interested_baseline, nature_people_baseline, navigate_next_baseline, network_check_baseline, night_shelter_baseline, no_encryption_baseline, notifications_baseline, now_wallpaper_baseline, nearby_error_baseline, network_cell_baseline, network_ping_baseline, network_ping_outlined, network_wifi_baseline, new_releases_baseline, network_ping_rounded, nights_stay_baseline, no_accounts_baseline, no_backpack_baseline, no_stroller_baseline, no_transfer_baseline, not_started_baseline, now_widgets_baseline, navigation_baseline, nearby_off_baseline, nightlight_baseline, no_luggage_baseline, north_east_baseline, north_west_baseline, network_ping_sharp, new_label_baseline, newspaper_baseline, newspaper_outlined, next_plan_baseline, next_week_baseline, nightlife_baseline, no_drinks_baseline, newspaper_rounded, no_flash_baseline, no_meals_baseline, note_add_baseline, note_alt_baseline, near_me_baseline, no_cell_baseline, no_food_baseline, numbers_baseline, numbers_outlined, nature_baseline, newspaper_sharp, no_sim_baseline, numbers_rounded, north_baseline, notes_baseline, note_baseline, numbers_sharp, nat_baseline, nfc_baseline, miscellaneous_services_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_outlined, motion_photos_paused_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_rounded, media_bluetooth_off_baseline, mobile_screen_share_baseline, motion_photos_pause_baseline, markunread_mailbox_baseline, media_bluetooth_on_baseline, motion_photos_auto_baseline, mark_email_unread_baseline, mark_unread_chat_alt_sharp, medication_liquid_baseline, medication_liquid_outlined, messenger_outline_baseline, missed_video_call_baseline, mode_edit_outline_baseline, monochrome_photos_baseline, motion_photos_off_baseline, mark_chat_unread_baseline, medical_services_baseline, medication_liquid_rounded, mic_external_off_baseline, motion_photos_on_baseline, multitrack_audio_baseline, my_library_books_baseline, my_library_music_baseline, manage_accounts_baseline, mark_email_read_baseline, mic_external_on_baseline, mobile_friendly_baseline, monetization_on_baseline, money_off_csred_baseline, multiline_chart_baseline, maps_home_work_baseline, mark_as_unread_baseline, mark_chat_read_baseline, medication_liquid_sharp, mobiledata_off_baseline, mode_of_travel_baseline, mode_of_travel_outlined, model_training_baseline, monitor_weight_baseline, movie_creation_baseline, my_library_add_baseline, manage_search_baseline, military_tech_baseline, mode_of_travel_rounded, monitor_heart_baseline, monitor_heart_outlined, move_to_inbox_baseline, multiple_stop_baseline, mail_outline_baseline, meeting_room_baseline, mode_comment_baseline, mode_standby_baseline, monitor_heart_rounded, movie_filter_baseline, mode_of_travel_sharp, music_video_baseline, my_location_baseline, markunread_baseline, medication_baseline, merge_type_baseline, mobile_off_baseline, mode_night_baseline, monitor_heart_sharp, more_horiz_baseline, motorcycle_baseline, music_note_baseline, mediation_baseline, menu_book_baseline, menu_open_baseline, messenger_baseline, microwave_baseline, mode_edit_baseline, money_off_baseline, more_time_baseline, more_vert_baseline, move_down_baseline, move_down_outlined, music_off_baseline, maps_ugc_baseline, maximize_baseline, mic_none_baseline, minimize_baseline, mood_bad_baseline, move_down_rounded, message_baseline, mic_off_baseline, monitor_baseline, move_up_baseline, move_up_outlined, margin_baseline, memory_baseline, mosque_baseline, mosque_outlined, move_down_sharp, move_up_rounded, moving_baseline, museum_baseline, masks_baseline, merge_baseline, merge_outlined, money_baseline, moped_baseline, mosque_rounded, mouse_baseline, movie_baseline, mail_baseline, male_baseline, menu_baseline, merge_rounded, mode_baseline, mood_baseline, more_baseline, move_up_sharp, man_baseline, man_outlined, map_baseline, mic_baseline, mms_baseline, mosque_sharp, man_rounded, merge_sharp, mp_baseline, man_sharp, panorama_photosphere_select_baseline, panorama_horizontal_select_baseline, panorama_wide_angle_select_baseline, production_quantity_limits_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_outlined, panorama_vertical_select_baseline, photo_size_select_actual_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_rounded, perm_device_information_baseline, phone_bluetooth_speaker_baseline, photo_size_select_large_baseline, photo_size_select_small_baseline, precision_manufacturing_baseline, picture_in_picture_alt_baseline, playlist_add_check_circle_sharp, published_with_changes_baseline, perm_contact_calendar_baseline, panorama_photosphere_baseline, pause_circle_outline_baseline, private_connectivity_baseline, private_connectivity_outlined, panorama_horizontal_baseline, panorama_wide_angle_baseline, pause_circle_filled_baseline, person_add_disabled_baseline, person_remove_alt_1_baseline, pest_control_rodent_baseline, play_circle_outline_baseline, playlist_add_circle_baseline, playlist_add_circle_outlined, private_connectivity_rounded, pause_presentation_baseline, photo_camera_front_baseline, picture_in_picture_baseline, play_circle_filled_baseline, playlist_add_check_baseline, playlist_add_circle_rounded, power_settings_new_baseline, panorama_fish_eye_baseline, panorama_vertical_baseline, perm_data_setting_baseline, person_pin_circle_baseline, photo_camera_back_baseline, pie_chart_outline_baseline, pivot_table_chart_baseline, portable_wifi_off_baseline, private_connectivity_sharp, panorama_fisheye_baseline, perm_contact_cal_baseline, perm_device_info_baseline, person_add_alt_1_baseline, play_circle_fill_baseline, playlist_add_circle_sharp, pending_actions_baseline, perm_camera_mic_baseline, personal_injury_baseline, phone_forwarded_baseline, phonelink_erase_baseline, phonelink_setup_baseline, playlist_remove_baseline, playlist_remove_outlined, people_outline_baseline, perm_phone_msg_baseline, perm_scan_wifi_baseline, person_add_alt_baseline, person_outline_baseline, personal_video_baseline, phone_callback_baseline, phone_disabled_baseline, phonelink_lock_baseline, phonelink_ring_baseline, picture_as_pdf_baseline, playlist_remove_rounded, pregnant_woman_baseline, present_to_all_baseline, print_disabled_baseline, perm_identity_baseline, person_remove_baseline, person_search_baseline, phone_android_baseline, phone_enabled_baseline, phone_in_talk_baseline, phonelink_off_baseline, photo_library_baseline, play_disabled_baseline, play_for_work_baseline, playlist_play_baseline, point_of_sale_baseline, priority_high_baseline, pan_tool_alt_baseline, pan_tool_alt_outlined, pause_circle_baseline, pest_control_baseline, phone_iphone_baseline, phone_locked_baseline, phone_missed_baseline, phone_paused_baseline, photo_camera_baseline, photo_filter_baseline, playlist_add_baseline, playlist_remove_sharp, price_change_baseline, pan_tool_alt_rounded, paragliding_baseline, photo_album_baseline, play_circle_baseline, play_lesson_baseline, power_input_baseline, price_check_baseline, privacy_tip_baseline, punch_clock_baseline, punch_clock_outlined, party_mode_baseline, pedal_bike_baseline, people_alt_baseline, perm_media_baseline, person_add_baseline, person_off_baseline, person_pin_baseline, pin_invoke_baseline, pin_invoke_outlined, plagiarism_baseline, play_arrow_baseline, psychology_baseline, public_off_baseline, punch_clock_rounded, pan_tool_alt_sharp, phonelink_baseline, piano_off_baseline, pie_chart_baseline, pin_invoke_rounded, power_off_baseline, pageview_baseline, pan_tool_baseline, panorama_baseline, password_baseline, payments_baseline, pentagon_baseline, pentagon_outlined, phishing_baseline, phishing_outlined, pin_drop_baseline, plumbing_baseline, plus_one_baseline, podcasts_baseline, polyline_baseline, polyline_outlined, portrait_baseline, post_add_baseline, punch_clock_sharp, push_pin_baseline, padding_baseline, palette_baseline, pattern_baseline, payment_baseline, pending_baseline, pentagon_rounded, percent_baseline, percent_outlined, phishing_rounded, pin_end_baseline, pin_end_outlined, pin_invoke_sharp, polyline_rounded, polymer_baseline, preview_baseline, publish_baseline, paypal_baseline, paypal_outlined, people_baseline, percent_rounded, person_baseline, pin_end_rounded, policy_baseline, public_baseline, pages_baseline, paste_baseline, pause_baseline, paypal_rounded, pentagon_sharp, phishing_sharp, phone_baseline, photo_baseline, piano_baseline, pinch_baseline, pinch_outlined, place_baseline, polyline_sharp, power_baseline, print_baseline, paid_baseline, park_baseline, percent_sharp, pets_baseline, pin_end_sharp, pinch_rounded, poll_baseline, pool_baseline, paypal_sharp, php_baseline, php_outlined, pin_baseline, pix_baseline, pix_outlined, php_rounded, pinch_sharp, pix_rounded, php_sharp, pix_sharp, quick_contacts_dialer_baseline, quick_contacts_mail_baseline, qr_code_scanner_baseline, question_answer_baseline, queue_play_next_baseline, query_builder_baseline, question_mark_baseline, question_mark_outlined, question_mark_rounded, query_stats_baseline, queue_music_baseline, question_mark_sharp, quickreply_baseline, qr_code_2_baseline, qr_code_baseline, queue_baseline, quora_baseline, quora_outlined, quiz_baseline, quora_rounded, quora_sharp, signal_wifi_statusbar_connected_no_internet_4_baseline, signal_cellular_connected_no_internet_4_bar_baseline, signal_cellular_connected_no_internet_0_bar_baseline, signal_wifi_connected_no_internet_4_baseline, sentiment_very_dissatisfied_baseline, signal_wifi_statusbar_4_bar_baseline, signal_wifi_statusbar_null_baseline, sentiment_very_satisfied_baseline, settings_input_component_baseline, settings_input_composite_baseline, settings_system_daydream_baseline, subdirectory_arrow_right_baseline, security_update_warning_baseline, sentiment_satisfied_alt_baseline, settings_backup_restore_baseline, subdirectory_arrow_left_baseline, sentiment_dissatisfied_baseline, settings_accessibility_baseline, settings_input_antenna_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_outlined, signal_cellular_no_sim_baseline, signal_cellular_nodata_baseline, signal_wifi_4_bar_lock_baseline, stay_current_landscape_baseline, stay_primary_landscape_baseline, screen_lock_landscape_baseline, screen_search_desktop_baseline, settings_applications_baseline, settings_input_svideo_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_rounded, signal_cellular_4_bar_baseline, signal_cellular_0_bar_baseline, star_border_purple500_baseline, stay_current_portrait_baseline, stay_primary_portrait_baseline, screen_lock_portrait_baseline, screen_lock_rotation_baseline, security_update_good_baseline, signal_cellular_null_baseline, store_mall_directory_baseline, send_time_extension_baseline, send_time_extension_outlined, sentiment_satisfied_baseline, settings_brightness_baseline, settings_input_hdmi_baseline, shopping_cart_checkout_sharp, signal_cellular_alt_baseline, signal_cellular_off_baseline, sports_martial_arts_baseline, sports_martial_arts_outlined, send_time_extension_rounded, settings_bluetooth_baseline, share_arrival_time_baseline, sports_martial_arts_rounded, sports_motorsports_baseline, stacked_line_chart_baseline, sentiment_neutral_baseline, settings_ethernet_baseline, settings_overscan_baseline, signal_wifi_4_bar_baseline, signal_wifi_0_bar_baseline, sim_card_download_baseline, slow_motion_video_baseline, speaker_notes_off_baseline, sports_basketball_baseline, sports_gymnastics_baseline, sports_gymnastics_outlined, sports_volleyball_baseline, stacked_bar_chart_baseline, stop_screen_share_baseline, self_improvement_baseline, send_and_archive_baseline, send_time_extension_sharp, settings_display_baseline, settings_suggest_baseline, sports_gymnastics_rounded, sports_martial_arts_sharp, screen_rotation_baseline, security_update_baseline, settings_remote_baseline, shopping_basket_baseline, signal_wifi_bad_baseline, signal_wifi_off_baseline, social_distance_baseline, space_dashboard_baseline, sports_baseball_baseline, sports_football_baseline, sports_handball_baseline, strikethrough_s_baseline, safety_divider_baseline, send_to_mobile_baseline, settings_phone_baseline, settings_power_baseline, settings_voice_baseline, share_location_baseline, sim_card_alert_baseline, snippet_folder_baseline, sports_cricket_baseline, sports_esports_baseline, sports_gymnastics_sharp, sports_kabaddi_baseline, star_purple500_baseline, satellite_alt_baseline, satellite_alt_outlined, schedule_send_baseline, sd_card_alert_baseline, sensor_window_baseline, settings_cell_baseline, shopping_cart_baseline, shutter_speed_baseline, skateboarding_baseline, skip_previous_baseline, smart_display_baseline, smoking_rooms_baseline, sort_by_alpha_baseline, south_america_baseline, south_america_outlined, speaker_group_baseline, speaker_notes_baseline, speaker_phone_baseline, sports_hockey_baseline, sports_soccer_baseline, sports_tennis_baseline, sticky_note_2_baseline, satellite_alt_rounded, saved_search_baseline, scatter_plot_baseline, screen_share_baseline, scuba_diving_baseline, scuba_diving_outlined, shopping_bag_baseline, smart_button_baseline, smart_screen_baseline, snowboarding_baseline, soup_kitchen_baseline, soup_kitchen_outlined, south_america_rounded, sports_rugby_baseline, sports_score_baseline, star_outline_baseline, scuba_diving_rounded, sensor_door_baseline, sensors_off_baseline, shield_moon_baseline, shield_moon_outlined, snowshoeing_baseline, soup_kitchen_rounded, splitscreen_baseline, sports_golf_baseline, square_foot_baseline, star_border_baseline, stop_circle_baseline, satellite_alt_sharp, scoreboard_baseline, scoreboard_outlined, screenshot_baseline, sd_storage_baseline, search_off_baseline, select_all_baseline, shield_moon_rounded, short_text_baseline, show_chart_baseline, shuffle_on_baseline, single_bed_baseline, smartphone_baseline, smoke_free_baseline, sms_failed_baseline, snowmobile_baseline, south_america_sharp, south_east_baseline, south_west_baseline, spellcheck_baseline, sports_bar_baseline, sports_mma_baseline, ssid_chart_baseline, ssid_chart_outlined, storefront_baseline, straighten_baseline, streetview_baseline, sanitizer_baseline, satellite_baseline, scoreboard_rounded, scuba_diving_sharp, skip_next_baseline, slideshow_baseline, smart_toy_baseline, soup_kitchen_sharp, space_bar_baseline, ssid_chart_rounded, star_half_baseline, star_rate_baseline, save_alt_baseline, schedule_baseline, security_baseline, set_meal_baseline, settings_baseline, shield_moon_sharp, shop_two_baseline, shortcut_baseline, signpost_baseline, signpost_outlined, sim_card_baseline, sledding_baseline, snapchat_baseline, snapchat_outlined, straight_baseline, straight_outlined, stroller_baseline, sailing_baseline, save_as_baseline, save_as_outlined, savings_baseline, scanner_baseline, science_baseline, scoreboard_sharp, sd_card_baseline, segment_baseline, sensors_baseline, shopify_baseline, shopify_outlined, shuffle_baseline, signpost_rounded, snapchat_rounded, snowing_baseline, speaker_baseline, ssid_chart_sharp, stadium_baseline, stadium_outlined, storage_baseline, straight_rounded, subject_baseline, save_as_rounded, schema_baseline, school_baseline, search_baseline, shield_baseline, shop_2_baseline, shopify_rounded, shower_baseline, snooze_baseline, source_baseline, sports_baseline, square_baseline, square_outlined, stadium_rounded, stairs_baseline, stream_baseline, scale_baseline, scale_outlined, score_baseline, share_baseline, signpost_sharp, snapchat_sharp, south_baseline, speed_baseline, spoke_baseline, spoke_outlined, square_rounded, stars_baseline, start_baseline, start_outlined, store_baseline, storm_baseline, straight_sharp, style_baseline, save_as_sharp, save_baseline, scale_rounded, sell_baseline, send_baseline, shop_baseline, shopify_sharp, sick_baseline, soap_baseline, sort_baseline, spoke_rounded, stadium_sharp, star_baseline, start_rounded, stop_baseline, sip_baseline, sms_baseline, spa_baseline, square_sharp, scale_sharp, sd_baseline, spoke_sharp, start_sharp, radio_button_unchecked_baseline, remove_circle_outline_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_ccw_baseline, radio_button_checked_baseline, remove_shopping_cart_baseline, replay_circle_filled_baseline, report_gmailerrorred_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_cw_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_cw_outlined, rotate_90_degrees_cw_rounded, running_with_errors_baseline, restore_from_trash_baseline, real_estate_agent_baseline, record_voice_over_baseline, remove_from_queue_baseline, rotate_90_degrees_cw_sharp, radio_button_off_baseline, remove_moderator_baseline, room_preferences_baseline, roundabout_right_baseline, roundabout_right_outlined, radio_button_on_baseline, reduce_capacity_baseline, restaurant_menu_baseline, roundabout_left_baseline, roundabout_left_outlined, roundabout_right_rounded, remove_red_eye_baseline, report_problem_baseline, roller_skating_baseline, roller_skating_outlined, roundabout_left_rounded, rounded_corner_baseline, railway_alert_baseline, recent_actors_baseline, remove_circle_baseline, repeat_one_on_baseline, request_quote_baseline, rocket_launch_baseline, rocket_launch_outlined, roller_skating_rounded, roundabout_right_sharp, r_mobiledata_baseline, ramen_dining_baseline, receipt_long_baseline, request_page_baseline, restore_page_baseline, rocket_launch_rounded, room_service_baseline, rotate_right_baseline, roundabout_left_sharp, rate_review_baseline, remember_me_baseline, remove_done_baseline, restart_alt_baseline, ring_volume_baseline, roller_skating_sharp, rotate_left_baseline, rule_folder_baseline, ramp_right_baseline, ramp_right_outlined, repeat_one_baseline, report_off_baseline, restaurant_baseline, rocket_launch_sharp, run_circle_baseline, ramp_left_baseline, ramp_left_outlined, ramp_right_rounded, read_more_baseline, recommend_baseline, rectangle_baseline, rectangle_outlined, recycling_baseline, recycling_outlined, repeat_on_baseline, replay_10_baseline, replay_30_baseline, reply_all_baseline, rice_bowl_baseline, rv_hookup_baseline, ramp_left_rounded, rectangle_rounded, recycling_rounded, replay_5_baseline, reset_tv_baseline, rss_feed_baseline, ramp_right_sharp, raw_off_baseline, receipt_baseline, refresh_baseline, reorder_baseline, restore_baseline, reviews_baseline, roofing_baseline, ramp_left_sharp, raw_on_baseline, rectangle_sharp, recycling_sharp, reddit_baseline, reddit_outlined, redeem_baseline, remove_baseline, repeat_baseline, replay_baseline, report_baseline, rocket_baseline, rocket_outlined, router_baseline, rowing_baseline, radar_baseline, radio_baseline, reddit_rounded, reply_baseline, rocket_rounded, route_baseline, route_outlined, redo_baseline, room_baseline, route_rounded, rsvp_baseline, rule_baseline, reddit_sharp, rocket_sharp, rtt_baseline, route_sharp, update_disabled_baseline, u_turn_right_baseline, u_turn_right_outlined, u_turn_left_baseline, u_turn_left_outlined, u_turn_right_rounded, unfold_less_baseline, unfold_more_baseline, unpublished_baseline, unsubscribe_baseline, upload_file_baseline, u_turn_left_rounded, u_turn_right_sharp, unarchive_baseline, u_turn_left_sharp, umbrella_baseline, upcoming_baseline, upgrade_baseline, usb_off_baseline, update_baseline, upload_baseline, undo_baseline, usb_baseline, transfer_within_a_station_baseline, text_rotation_angledown_baseline, text_rotation_angleup_baseline, text_rotate_vertical_baseline, text_rotation_down_baseline, text_rotation_none_baseline, thumb_down_off_alt_baseline, transit_enterexit_baseline, turn_slight_right_baseline, turn_slight_right_outlined, table_restaurant_baseline, table_restaurant_outlined, thumb_up_off_alt_baseline, tips_and_updates_baseline, tips_and_updates_outlined, trending_neutral_baseline, turn_sharp_right_baseline, turn_sharp_right_outlined, turn_slight_left_baseline, turn_slight_left_outlined, turn_slight_right_rounded, table_restaurant_rounded, temple_buddhist_baseline, temple_buddhist_outlined, thermostat_auto_baseline, timer_10_select_baseline, tips_and_updates_rounded, turn_sharp_left_baseline, turn_sharp_left_outlined, turn_sharp_right_rounded, turn_slight_left_rounded, tab_unselected_baseline, tablet_android_baseline, takeout_dining_baseline, temple_buddhist_rounded, text_rotate_up_baseline, theater_comedy_baseline, thumb_down_alt_baseline, thumbs_up_down_baseline, timer_3_select_baseline, travel_explore_baseline, turn_sharp_left_rounded, turn_slight_right_sharp, table_restaurant_sharp, text_decrease_baseline, text_decrease_outlined, text_increase_baseline, text_increase_outlined, time_to_leave_baseline, tips_and_updates_sharp, track_changes_baseline, trending_down_baseline, trending_flat_baseline, turn_sharp_right_sharp, turn_slight_left_sharp, turned_in_not_baseline, tap_and_play_baseline, temple_buddhist_sharp, temple_hindu_baseline, temple_hindu_outlined, text_decrease_rounded, text_increase_rounded, text_snippet_baseline, thumb_up_alt_baseline, turn_sharp_left_sharp, table_chart_baseline, temple_hindu_rounded, text_fields_baseline, text_format_baseline, tire_repair_baseline, tire_repair_outlined, transgender_baseline, trending_up_baseline, trip_origin_baseline, two_wheeler_baseline, table_rows_baseline, table_view_baseline, tablet_mac_baseline, taxi_alert_baseline, text_decrease_sharp, text_increase_sharp, thermostat_baseline, thumb_down_baseline, tire_repair_rounded, toggle_off_baseline, turn_right_baseline, turn_right_outlined, table_bar_baseline, table_bar_outlined, tag_faces_baseline, temple_hindu_sharp, timelapse_baseline, timer_off_baseline, toggle_on_baseline, touch_app_baseline, transform_baseline, translate_baseline, turn_left_baseline, turn_left_outlined, turn_right_rounded, turned_in_baseline, table_bar_rounded, task_alt_baseline, telegram_baseline, telegram_outlined, terminal_baseline, terminal_outlined, theaters_baseline, thumb_up_baseline, timeline_baseline, timer_10_baseline, tire_repair_sharp, tonality_baseline, tungsten_baseline, turn_left_rounded, telegram_rounded, terminal_rounded, terrain_baseline, textsms_baseline, texture_baseline, timer_3_baseline, traffic_baseline, turn_right_sharp, table_bar_sharp, tablet_baseline, tiktok_baseline, tiktok_outlined, turn_left_sharp, tv_off_baseline, tapas_baseline, telegram_sharp, terminal_sharp, tiktok_rounded, timer_baseline, title_baseline, today_baseline, token_baseline, token_outlined, topic_baseline, train_baseline, task_baseline, token_rounded, toll_baseline, tour_baseline, toys_baseline, tram_baseline, tune_baseline, tab_baseline, tag_baseline, tiktok_sharp, toc_baseline, try_baseline, tty_baseline, token_sharp, tv_baseline, system_security_update_warning_baseline, system_security_update_good_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_add_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_add_outlined, switch_access_shortcut_add_rounded, switch_access_shortcut_add_sharp, supervised_user_circle_baseline, swap_horizontal_circle_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_outlined, system_security_update_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_rounded, swap_vertical_circle_baseline, switch_access_shortcut_sharp, supervisor_account_baseline, system_update_alt_baseline, swap_vert_circle_baseline, system_update_tv_baseline, swipe_right_alt_baseline, swipe_right_alt_outlined, surround_sound_baseline, swipe_down_alt_baseline, swipe_down_alt_outlined, swipe_left_alt_baseline, swipe_left_alt_outlined, swipe_right_alt_rounded, swipe_vertical_baseline, swipe_vertical_outlined, switch_account_baseline, subscriptions_baseline, subtitles_off_baseline, sunny_snowing_baseline, support_agent_baseline, swipe_down_alt_rounded, swipe_left_alt_rounded, swipe_vertical_rounded, switch_camera_baseline, sync_disabled_baseline, system_update_baseline, swipe_right_alt_sharp, swipe_up_alt_baseline, swipe_up_alt_outlined, switch_right_baseline, switch_video_baseline, sync_problem_baseline, superscript_baseline, swipe_down_alt_sharp, swipe_left_alt_sharp, swipe_right_baseline, swipe_right_outlined, swipe_up_alt_rounded, swipe_vertical_sharp, switch_left_baseline, swap_calls_baseline, swap_horiz_baseline, swipe_down_baseline, swipe_down_outlined, swipe_left_baseline, swipe_left_outlined, swipe_right_rounded, subscript_baseline, subtitles_baseline, summarize_baseline, swap_vert_baseline, swipe_down_rounded, swipe_left_rounded, swipe_up_alt_sharp, synagogue_baseline, synagogue_outlined, sync_lock_baseline, sync_lock_outlined, swipe_right_sharp, swipe_up_baseline, swipe_up_outlined, synagogue_rounded, sync_alt_baseline, sync_lock_rounded, support_baseline, surfing_baseline, swipe_down_sharp, swipe_left_sharp, swipe_up_rounded, subway_baseline, synagogue_sharp, sync_lock_sharp, sunny_baseline, swipe_baseline, swipe_up_sharp, sync_baseline, youtube_searched_for_baseline, yard_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_rounded_baseline, wifi_protected_setup_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_outlined, wifi_tethering_off_baseline, workspaces_outline_baseline, wallet_membership_baseline, wheelchair_pickup_baseline, wifi_tethering_error_sharp, workspace_premium_baseline, workspace_premium_outlined, workspaces_filled_baseline, workspace_premium_rounded, wallet_giftcard_baseline, waterfall_chart_baseline, wb_incandescent_baseline, wifi_calling_3_baseline, wifi_tethering_baseline, workspace_premium_sharp, wrong_location_baseline, wallet_travel_baseline, warning_amber_baseline, wb_iridescent_baseline, wb_twighlight_baseline, web_asset_off_baseline, where_to_vote_baseline, wifi_password_baseline, wifi_password_outlined, water_damage_baseline, wifi_calling_baseline, wifi_channel_baseline, wifi_channel_outlined, wifi_password_rounded, woo_commerce_baseline, woo_commerce_outlined, work_outline_baseline, watch_later_baseline, waving_hand_baseline, waving_hand_outlined, wb_twilight_baseline, web_stories_baseline, wifi_channel_rounded, woo_commerce_rounded, water_drop_baseline, water_drop_outlined, waving_hand_rounded, wifi_password_sharp, workspaces_baseline, wallpaper_baseline, warehouse_baseline, warehouse_outlined, watch_off_baseline, watch_off_outlined, water_drop_rounded, wb_cloudy_baseline, web_asset_baseline, wifi_channel_sharp, wifi_find_baseline, wifi_find_outlined, wifi_lock_baseline, woo_commerce_sharp, wordpress_baseline, wordpress_outlined, wrap_text_baseline, warehouse_rounded, watch_off_rounded, waving_hand_sharp, wb_shade_baseline, wb_sunny_baseline, whatsapp_baseline, whatsapp_outlined, whatshot_baseline, wifi_find_rounded, wifi_off_baseline, wine_bar_baseline, wordpress_rounded, work_off_baseline, warning_baseline, water_drop_sharp, wb_auto_baseline, webhook_baseline, webhook_outlined, weekend_baseline, whatsapp_rounded, widgets_baseline, wysiwyg_baseline, warehouse_sharp, watch_off_sharp, webhook_rounded, wechat_baseline, wechat_outlined, wifi_find_sharp, window_baseline, wordpress_sharp, watch_baseline, water_baseline, waves_baseline, wechat_rounded, whatsapp_sharp, woman_baseline, woman_outlined, wash_baseline, webhook_sharp, west_baseline, wifi_baseline, woman_rounded, work_baseline, web_baseline, wechat_sharp, wc_baseline, woman_sharp, vertical_align_bottom_baseline, vertical_align_center_baseline, vertical_distribute_baseline, videogame_asset_off_baseline, vertical_align_top_baseline, video_camera_front_baseline, volunteer_activism_baseline, video_camera_back_baseline, video_collection_baseline, view_comfortable_baseline, view_compact_alt_baseline, view_compact_alt_outlined, videogame_asset_baseline, view_compact_alt_rounded, volume_down_alt_baseline, vertical_split_baseline, video_settings_baseline, view_comfy_alt_baseline, view_comfy_alt_outlined, visibility_off_baseline, voice_over_off_baseline, verified_user_baseline, video_library_baseline, view_carousel_baseline, view_comfy_alt_rounded, view_compact_alt_sharp, view_headline_baseline, view_timeline_baseline, view_timeline_outlined, vaping_rooms_baseline, vaping_rooms_outlined, video_stable_baseline, videocam_off_baseline, view_compact_baseline, view_sidebar_baseline, view_timeline_rounded, vaping_rooms_rounded, video_label_baseline, view_agenda_baseline, view_column_baseline, view_comfy_alt_sharp, view_kanban_baseline, view_kanban_outlined, view_module_baseline, view_stream_baseline, volume_down_baseline, volume_mute_baseline, vpn_key_off_baseline, vpn_key_off_outlined, video_call_baseline, video_file_baseline, video_file_outlined, view_array_baseline, view_comfy_baseline, view_in_ar_baseline, view_kanban_rounded, view_quilt_baseline, view_timeline_sharp, visibility_baseline, voice_chat_baseline, volume_off_baseline, vpn_key_off_rounded, vape_free_baseline, vape_free_outlined, vaping_rooms_sharp, vibration_baseline, video_file_rounded, view_cozy_baseline, view_cozy_outlined, view_list_baseline, view_week_baseline, voicemail_baseline, volume_up_baseline, vaccines_baseline, vaccines_outlined, vape_free_rounded, verified_baseline, videocam_baseline, view_cozy_rounded, view_day_baseline, view_kanban_sharp, vignette_baseline, vpn_key_off_sharp, vpn_lock_baseline, vaccines_rounded, video_file_sharp, vpn_key_baseline, vape_free_sharp, view_cozy_sharp, vrpano_baseline, vaccines_sharp, villa_baseline, zoom_out_map_baseline, zoom_in_map_baseline, zoom_in_map_outlined, zoom_in_map_rounded, zoom_in_map_sharp, zoom_out_baseline, zoom_in_baseline}
❌ new codepoints file does not contain all 7315 existing codepoints. Missing: {baby_changing_station, battery_charging_full, browser_not_supported, bluetooth_connected, bluetooth_searching, bluetooth_disabled, branding_watermark, border_horizontal, brightness_medium, batch_prediction, bookmark_outline, breakfast_dining, battery_unknown, bluetooth_audio, bluetooth_drive, bookmark_border, bookmark_remove, border_vertical, brightness_auto, brightness_high, business_center, bedroom_parent, bookmark_added, brightness_low, bakery_dining, battery_alert, battery_saver, bedroom_child, block_flipped, blur_circular, border_bottom, brunch_dining, backup_table, battery_full, beach_access, bedroom_baby, bike_scooter, bookmark_add, border_clear, border_color, border_inner, border_outer, border_right, border_style, brightness_5, brightness_4, brightness_1, brightness_7, brightness_6, brightness_3, brightness_2, broken_image, bubble_chart, build_circle, battery_std, blur_linear, book_online, border_left, border_all, border_top, bug_report, burst_mode, backspace, bar_chart, bloodtype, bluetooth, bookmarks, bus_alert, backpack, bathroom, beenhere, blur_off, bookmark, bungalow, business, balcony, bathtub, bedtime, biotech, blender, blur_on, backup, ballot, badge, bento, block, brush, build, bolt, book, bed, airline_seat_individual_suite, airline_seat_legroom_reduced, airline_seat_legroom_normal, airline_seat_recline_normal, airline_seat_legroom_extra, airline_seat_recline_extra, airline_seat_flat_angled, align_horizontal_center, account_balance_wallet, align_horizontal_right, arrow_drop_down_circle, airplanemode_inactive, align_horizontal_left, align_vertical_bottom, align_vertical_center, admin_panel_settings, assignment_turned_in, assistant_navigation, add_photo_alterna…

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[41cb1acfd6...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/41cb1acfd678ce4ad3811d77a5e1757c46b0f2e2)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 12:13:45 by Marko Grdinić

"11am. As it turns out, Dohna Dohna got translations two months ago so after finishing the latest Gup OVA that is what I've been playing. It was such an unexpected thing, like a late Chrismas present.

What is on my list today?

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=digitial+music+composition+beginner

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M
Ultimate Beginner's Guide To Music Production

I think I'll start with this.

https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg
Blender Tutorial - Cloth Simulation | Advance Simulation | Blender 2.9

https://www.youtube.com/c/Iridesium/videos

After that I'll do some of this.

11:30am. Let me start.

Games that taught me that when you win a fight, the failures taken to get to that point stop mattering.

So that is how I will get over my regrets. I've been fighting, but I am yet to win even once. But I know what to do, so I won't act like a madman again. From here on out, that will be the job of the machines.

I've been thinking about genetic programming, and my prior is that the stronger the types, the better the results would be. Mutating an assembly language would be very brittle. I think that DNA code is a functionaly pure, async language. It is certainly nothing like computer assembly.

The success of the future endeavor will depend on how good I am at setting up the environment.

Poker is perfectly enough as a game.

But to go beyond, I might have to start work on a dependently typed language. My personal view is that for humans, non-dependently typed languages like F# and Spiral are the pinnacle of design, but for a completely brainless process it might be different. So this language, unlike Spiral might be specifically for machines.

A lot of work has been done in the type theory domain that could use revisiting in light of new hardware.

11:40am. Maybe some genius will come that will illuminate the secrets of intelligence, but more likely than not, the ML researchers will all fail and I will have to pave my own way to the Singularity.

One thing I am sure is that if making a GP system on the new hardware would be hard, working on a DP language would be downright impossible for an ML researcher. I bet at this level of difficulty that would apply to the guys even at places like Deepmind as well.

PL guys could do it, but they are not interested in ML. So I am one of the rare people in the world who can go down this path.

It would really be a lot of work.

I understand that to bring this to a close, I would have to risk the rest of my lifespan. But even if it took me 30 years, it would be fine.

What I need is a just a little help. I can't do this on a 0$ a month income.

So I won't do ML again until I can resolve that. I do not care from where it will come from. But I won't willingly sell myself into slavery to pursue my path. I already had some of that experience from going to school and I do not want to be coerced into bullshit again.

11:50am. Now let me start. Music, come on!

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=135

Lol, this is nothing. Though I've filled up 1.7tb on my 3tb hard drive, so I might have to do some deleting if it comes to that.

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=152

I am a bit weak on memory since I have only 8gb. But thankfully that is the cheapest part of a computer.

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=278

Take a look at his rig in the background. No way do I want all of that. The way I've been imagining doing audio is just stitching clips together. With that kind of workflow I won't need audio interfaces or whatever. This video is also the first time I've heard about virtual instruments. That sounds interesting.

The way I imagine audio should work is like animation.

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=358

I am going to have to look into how to make audio using just my computer. Who is going to deal with all this hardware.

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=468

I suppose I could try this once it is time to get started.

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=606

Music production is srs bsns.

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=975

Stitching together samples is how I've been imagining low budget music production to go.

https://youtu.be/x7uQReA6o8M?t=1049
> You could start down the road of music production and make decent stuff without any of these.

12:15pm. https://youtu.be/4cFwUXSZgEs
Best Free DAWs [Free Software to Make Music] (2021)

This is a welcome diversion from the monotony of going through those Blender tutorials.

https://youtu.be/4cFwUXSZgEs?t=429

I wonder if the piano tool is just for the piano, or if any instrument can be used with this?

https://youtu.be/4cFwUXSZgEs?t=507
> If you can use this DAW I would highly recommend it.

He says that Cakewalk is the best one on the list.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qfa9hGJzoY
Kako koristiti LMMS - Vodič za početnike (BESPLATNO DAW)

The video is in English, but the title and the description are in Croatian. This is the first time I've seen something like this. Is Google experimenting with machine translation?

Nevermind that.

https://youtu.be/AJ1XqtcQjrU
How to start making music with a computer

Let me watch this. After that I will look into how rigid body + cloth interaction should work.

https://youtu.be/AJ1XqtcQjrU?t=143
> MIDI doesn't produce music or audio, it just tells the computer what notes to play at what time. Once you use MIDI, you can use a virtual instrument.

MIDI is what I want.

https://youtu.be/AJ1XqtcQjrU?t=274

This is just like I how I imagined it. When it is time to start I'll just get Cakewalk and dive into it.

https://youtu.be/AJ1XqtcQjrU?t=289
> This is the cool thing about MIDI, it's that since the MIDI itself is not tied to the sound you hear, you can swap out the different sounds, but keep the original melody that you played.

So it is a like painting with gradient maps. I like that.

This is a very good beginner tutorial.

1pm. Enough of music. Though I am looking forward to it, music just on its own is useless for me. I need art and music to support my writing. In isolation, my only choice would be to collaborate with other people, and I'd never get the work that I want that way. It will be more fun this way.

It does not matter if I can only make peanuts like this. I've decided on the price that I want to pay, and I will follow through with it.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=blender+rigid+body+cloth

I am going to have to go through all of these in order to figure it out.

https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg
Blender Tutorial - Cloth Simulation | Advance Simulation | Blender 2.9

https://www.youtube.com/c/Iridesium/videos

Let me bring these up. I have just a bit left to go and after that I'll be able to move forward into doing my own things.

The basics are what is the most important, but it can be hard to know what the basics are unless you've touched upon everything.

1:05pm. It is really hard to get what you want. Right now I am struggling and trying to barge my way into the AI scene uninvited, but if I gave it time, the incompetence of the rest of the field will roll out the red carpet for me. Right now I want those AI chip companies to sponsor me, but once they ditch their deep learning obsession and start making hardware that has a general purpose, the demnd for the language would come.

Just these Blender simulations would be a great use case for AI chips. Just that cloth simulation grinds the FPS to 1. With dedicated hardware for graph computations, you'd get much better results.

1:10pm. My failures are something that I've invited myself by not anticipating what I would need.

The ML field is incompetent at their job, but there is no need to join them in that. I'll be able to cultivate my path to the pinnacle once I get the pieces that I need. I know that the genetic programming plan will succeed given enough resources.

Until then why not have some fun?"

---
## [sunscrapers/djoser](https://github.com/sunscrapers/djoser)@[4ebdc10add...](https://github.com/sunscrapers/djoser/commit/4ebdc10add211cb238002fcc79a7cf8409d99825)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 12:48:07 by github

Fix for Friendly tips when Missing SOCIAL_AUTH_ALLOWED_REDIRECT_URIS

i forget add SOCIAL_AUTH_ALLOWED_REDIRECT_URIS to my config

it return 400 error, i don't know why ,  i pay more time find the issues

so  i add Friendly tips

-- sorry  , my english is not well

and thank you all

---
## [cyber-Techy/Books-Read-In-2022](https://github.com/cyber-Techy/Books-Read-In-2022)@[9d585915ce...](https://github.com/cyber-Techy/Books-Read-In-2022/commit/9d585915ced493645ce48e6c0370bb9f41cba858)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 13:15:07 by cyber-Techy

Create Spiritual Book

3 key wisdom learnt from the book:

1. I must obey to the letter all that the people God has placed me under their hands is saying to me. For this is the way to grow rapidly in my walk with God and enter His purpose for my life.
2. To mind the choice i make. Ruth made the choice to follow the God of Naomi and abandoned moab and ended in glory for her while Orphah lost in the purpose of God by the choice she made.
3. I have been redeemed by the LORD to bear fruit that will  abide.

---
## [Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO)@[09992789f9...](https://github.com/Chris-plus-alphanumericgibberish/dNAO/commit/09992789f9714d76ed230a05bf347c62034df38f)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 14:18:16 by ChrisANG

Ana quest improvements

Killed quest friendlies are converted to hostiles, similar to contaminated patients in the Madman quest.
-Fungal brains
-Coiling brawn
-Mind flayers
-Pseudonaturals
-Mighta watched Dead Space and the Balder's Gate 3 trailers recently <_<'

Up quest level difficulty.
-Most quest levels add the players level to the depth
-The goal level uses the same calculation as the Astral Plane

Most monsters are unable to use the time portals to flee the future. Only the nonliving and certain aberations can do it.

Add Zombies, and swap out the equip of certain monsters in the future.
-Fixes bug where random monsters were zombiefied
-Liches get future tech equipment. Death Knights get lightsabers.
-Healers get tiny lightsabers instead of scalpels and silver pistols.
-Normal Changed sometimes get bone force swords.
-The Clairvoyant Changed has more powers but also an even nicer sword.
--Healing and mind blasting
-Deeper ones get equipment that is in-between deep one and deepest one in quality.
-Vampires get future tech
-Nazgul get armor and a morgul unholy weapon and a phasing flaying morgul stiletto.
-Barrow wights are cthulhu-faction-themed (stone water or phasing swords and mind flayer masks)
-Deep dwellers added to the pool, and get barnacle armor.
-Chiros get monk stuff in the future, battle bats et al get armor.
-Dokalfar Matriarchs become black-web themed in the future.
-Phantasms get fewer status ailments in the future, may rarely spawn with high HP.
-Mad seers get mind blasts and psychic magic instead of MMisiles
-Fungal brains regen.
-All hostile androids are always hostile (oops)
-The Incant gets telepathy, regen, and poison res.

Unicorn horns work on monster deafness.


Reorder life saving to better reflect monster preference/logic.

---
## [Buildstarted/linksfordevs](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs)@[8fdcb2111a...](https://github.com/Buildstarted/linksfordevs/commit/8fdcb2111a96d1a8d161cb3eb43685473966d23a)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 15:07:53 by Ben Dornis

Updating: 1/5/2022 2:00:00 PM

 1. Added: Doing the work – Monica Dinculescu
    (https://meowni.ca/posts/doing-the-work/)
 2. Added: The ultimate SQLite extension set
    (https://antonz.org/sqlean/)
 3. Added: Project Mouse Tailor
    (https://tomhorsley.com/hardware/mouse-tailor/mouse-tailor.html)
 4. Added: The history of the AmigaOS Graphic User Interface (GUI): Index
    (https://www.gregdonner.org/workbench/)
 5. Added: GitHub - dotnet-foundation/content: Repo for submitting content for social amplification as well as content creation (i.e. blog, website, social)
    (https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/content?hss_channel=tw-2384354214)
 6. Added: Create Context-based Programming Models with .NET 6
    (https://khalidabuhakmeh.com/create-context-based-programming-models-with-dotnet-6)
 7. Added: Framework Laptop with Ubuntu Review
    (https://luisartola.com/framework-laptop-with-ubuntu-review/)
 8. Added: The Pragmatic Pragmatic Programmer · Rogério Chaves
    (https://rchaves.app/pragmatic-pragmatic-programmer/)
 9. Added: Understanding UUIDs, ULIDs and String Representations
    (https://sudhir.io/uuids-ulids)
10. Added: Astrophotography with Windows, Tiny PCs, and WPF
    (https://devblogs.microsoft.com/ifdef-windows/astrophotography-with-windows-tiny-pcs-and-wpf/)
11. Added: Refactoring with C# 10
    (https://www.danylkoweb.com/Blog/refactoring-with-c-10-LM)
12. Added: Sunshield
    (https://xkcd.com/2564/)
13. Added: Let me introduce you to the Stack data structure
    (https://ufukcanli.com/let-me-introduce-you-to-the-stack-data-structure)
14. Added: .NET Podcasts app - Local Development Walkthrough
    (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FJowBj-DBgI)
15. Added: Is it complex? Break it down!
    (https://milestone.topics.it/2022/01/03/is-it-complex-break-it-down.html)
16. Added: The Catch Block #88 - Mini C# Extension Methods
    (https://exceptionnotfound.net/the-catch-block-88-mini-c-extension-methods/)
17. Added: Polymorphism in C# - Code Maze
    (https://code-maze.com/csharp-polymorphism/)
18. Added: Neural Network From Scratch
    (https://sirupsen.com/napkin/neural-net)
19. Added: System.Text.Json features in .NET 6
    (https://blog.okyrylchuk.dev/system-text-json-features-in-the-dotnet-6)
20. Added: daedalOS
    (https://dustinbrett.com/)
21. Added: Master JavaScript Promise: Resolve, Reject and Chaining
    (https://www.telerik.com/blogs/master-javascript-promise-resolve-reject-chaining-ecmascript-6)
22. Added: I make $3K/mo from a browser extension! (+ December 2021 updates)
    (https://newsletter.tonydinh.com/issues/i-make-3k-mo-from-a-browser-extension-december-2021-updates-966892)
23. Added: To ID or not to ID
    (https://blog.ploeh.dk/2022/01/03/to-id-or-not-to-id/)
24. Added: my personal note taking journey
    (https://phonetonote.com/blog/my-personal-note-taking-journey/)
25. Added: Implementing a file pager in Zig: Reading & Writing from the disk
    (https://ayende.com/blog/196001-A/implementing-a-file-pager-in-zig-reading-writing-from-the-disk?Key=b068e63d-b9ae-44d0-833e-73ba01fc8305)
26. Added: A bit about PURLs
    (https://inkdroid.org/2021/12/16/purl/)
27. Added: Deep C# - Inheritance
    (https://www.i-programmer.info/programming/c/9273-deep-c-inheritance.html)
28. Added: New Rant: On Revaluating Tech We Hate

    (https://wildermuth.com/2022/01/05/new-rant-on-reevaluating-tech-we-hate/)

Generation took: 00:07:38.8388953

---
## [04-purnima/Play-Store-App-Review-Analysis](https://github.com/04-purnima/Play-Store-App-Review-Analysis)@[25f44feebe...](https://github.com/04-purnima/Play-Store-App-Review-Analysis/commit/25f44feebe6da89755be812e5cbcf52695c59fc5)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 16:13:46 by Purnima Rai

Update README.md

INTRODUCTION

Application distribution platform, for example, Play Store gets overwhelmed with millions of new applications being launched on the platform regularly. Lots of designers and developers work on it to make an app successful on the Play Store. In this highly competitive world, it is an immense challenge for a developer to know whether they are focusing on the right path to make their app successful on the platform. To launch themselves successfully and create an identity for themselves in this oversaturated market, they need to ensure that majority of the essential factors are incorporated while designing and developing an app that would play an important role in customer's decision-making process. However, the lack of a clear understanding of the inner working and dynamic of popular app markets impacts both the developers and users.

OBJECTIVE

The main objective of this exploratory data analysis project is to understand customer demands better and thus help developers to popularize their product on the Play Store. One day on the evening of 8th August 2021, AlmaBetter plans to debut into the Android application by developing a mobile application on the play store platform. They approached us "Data Diggers" to help with building their technical know how about building a good android application. They wanted us to study current trends and insights of Play Store. We were given with two datasets i.e., Play Store & User Reviews. Before jumping into the data's provided, let me first explain you about the EDA analysis.

PROBLEM STATEMENTS

1.What are the top categories on Play Store? 
2.Are majority of the apps Paid or Free? 
3.How importance is the rating of the application? 
4.Which categories from the audience should the app be based on? 
5.Which category has the most no. of installations? 
6.How does the count of apps varies by Genres? 
7.How does the last update has an effect on the rating? 
8.How are ratings affected when the app is a paid one? 
9.How are reviews and ratings co-related? 
10.Lets us discuss the sentiment subjectivity. 
11.Is subjectivity and polarity proportional to each other? 
12.What is the percentage of review sentiments? 
13.How is sentiment polarity varying for paid and free apps? 14.What is Exploratory Data Analysis?

Exploratory data analysis (EDA) is used by data scientists to analyze and investigate data sets for patterns, and anomalies (outliers), and form hypotheses based on our understanding of the dataset and summarize their main characteristics, often employing data visualization methods. It is an important step in any Data Analysis or Data Science project. It helps determine how best to manipulate data sources to get the answers you need. EDA involves generating summary statistics for numerical data in the dataset and creating various graphical representations to understand the data better and make it more attractive and appealing.

The following are the various steps involved in the EDA process:

1.Problem Statement - We shall brainstorm and understand the given data set. We shall study the attributes present in it and try to do a philosophical analysis about their meaning and importance for this problem. 
2.Hypothesis - Upon studying the attributes present in the data base, we shall develop some basic hypothesis on which we can work and play with the data to look for the varied results which we can get out of it. 
3.Univariate Analysis - It is the simplest form of analyzing the data. In this we would initially pick up a single attribute and study it in and out. It doesn't deal with any sort of co-relation and it's major purpose is to describe. It takes data, summarizes that data and finds patterns in the data. 
4.Bivariate Analysis - This analysis is related to cause and the relationship between the two attributes. We will try to understand the dependency of attributes on each other. 5.Multivariate Analysis - This is done when more than two variables have to be analyzed simultaneously. 
6.Data Cleaning - We shall clean the dataset and handle the missing data, outliers and categorical variables. 
7.Testing Hypothesis - We shall check if our data meets the assumptions required by most of the multivariate techniques.

DATA EXPLORATION, CLEANING AND INSIGHTS

play_store dataframe has 10841 rows and 13 columns. The 13 columns are identified as below:

1.App - It tells us about the name of the application. 
2.Category - It tells us about the category to which an application belongs. 
3.Rating - It tells us about the ratings given by the users for a specific application. 
4.Reviews - It tells us about the total number of users who have given a review for the application. 
5.Size - It tells us about the size being occupied the application on the mobile phone. 
6.Installs - It tells us about the total number of installs/downloads for an application. 
7.Type - It tells us whether the application is free or a paid one. 
8.Price - It tells us about the price of the application. 
9.Content_Rating - It tells us about the target audience for the application. 
10.Genres - It tells us about the various other categories to which an application can belong. 
11.Last_Updated - It tells us about the when the application was updated. 
12.Current_Ver - It tells us about the current version of the application. 
13.Android_Ver - It tells us about the android version which can support the application on its platform.

user_reviews dataframe has 64295 rows and 5 columns. The 5 columns are identified as follows:

1.App - It tells us about the name of the application. 
2.Translated_Review - It tells us about what the users feedback is about the application. 
3.Sentiment - It tells us about a view or opinion of the user w.r.t. the application. 
4.Sentiment_Polarity - Sentiment polarity for an element defines the orientation of the expressed sentiment, i.e., it determines if the text expresses the positive, negative or neutral sentiment of the user about the application. 
5.Sentiment_Subjectivity - It refers to the text that contains text which is usually expressed by a human having typical moods, emotions, and feelings. Mostly it is a public opinion and not a factual information.

Data Cleaning - Univariate & Bivariate Analysis

The number of null values in User-review dataframe are:

1.Translated_Review has 26868 null values which contributes 41.79% of the data. 
2.Sentiment has 26863 null values which contributes 41.78% of the data. 
3.Sentiment_Polarity has 26863 null values which contributes 41.78% of the data. 
4.Sentiment_Subjectivity has 26863 null values which contributes 41.78% of the data.

Note1: 49% of NaN found in 4 features of user-review dataset hence we have removed all the NaN values from the user_review data frame.

The number of null values in play_store dataframe are:

1.Rating has 1474 null values which contributes 13.60% of the data. 
2.Type has 1 null value which contributes 0.01% of the data. 
3.Content_Rating has 1 null value which contributes 0.01% of the data. 
4.Current_Ver has 8 null values which contributes 0.07% of the data. 
5.Android_Ver has 3 null values which contributes 0.03% of the data.

OUR HYPOTHESIS:

Hypothesis_1:

We cannot simply drop these NaN values of Rating Column. So in order to get sentiment or translated review info for the apps from the user_review DF so that we can fill these NaN values based a logic based derivation. Thus, we need to merge these two DF's so that we get Common Apps between between them and can compare.

Hypothesis_1 conclusion:
We don't have information of sentiment of the Apps to fill the NaN values for the remaining apps from the merged DF.

Hypothesis_2:
Let us check whether do we have rating of Apps within the PlayStore DF.

Hypothesis_2 conclusion:
We found that even with this hypothesis we don't get information needed to fill NaN of the Rating.

Note2: Since both Hypothesis did not get us the information about Filling NaN values of Rating. We shall proceed with dropping these from the play_store DF.

Data Cleaning – Univariate Analysis (Play Store Data Set)

Findings • Reviews column was converted to a numeric type. 
• Size column had ‘M’, ‘k’ & ‘Varies with device’ which were all converted to a numeric variable. 
• Installs column has ‘+’ & ‘,’ characters present in it, which were removed, and then the column was converted to a numeric type. 
• Type column has only two strings i.e., Free & Paid which were relevant and retained as it is. 
• Price column had ‘$’ symbol present, which was removed and then the column was converted to a numeric type. 
• Content_Rating column has relevant variables present in it and thus were retained as it is. 
• Genres column also had relevant variables present in it and thus were retained as it is. 
• Last_Updated column has the dates in string format, these were converted to datetime format. 
• Current_Ver column refers to the latest version of the app and it had all relevant data in it, so it was retained. 8 null values were present, which were removed.

Data Cleaning – Univariate Analysis (User Reviews Data Set) Findings 
• 42% of the Translated_Review, Sentiment, Sentiment_Polarity & Sentiment_Subjectivity has null values and we had dropped all of these values, as they were of no value to the analysis.

Data Cleaning – Bivariate Analysis

Findings • We studied the heatmaps of both the data sets to ensure that we are not ignoring any important and relevant data and it’s dependency on the each other which would help us in our exploratory analysis.

Data Cleaning – Duplicates

Findings • Now that we have done our important analysis i.e., Univariate and Bivariate analysis. We shall now check for the duplicates present in the given play store data set and remove them. 
• A total of 1049 duplicates was found to be present in the play store data set. 
• We thus, then decided to drop these, as all the values in each column were repetitive in nature.

EDA INSIGHTS AND CONCLUSION:

• In this project of analyzing play store applications, we have worked on several parameters which would help AlmaBetter to do well in launching their apps on the play store. • In the initial phase, we focused more on the problem statements and data cleaning, in order to ensure that we give them the best results out of our analysis. 
• AlmaBetter needs to focus more on : 
• Developing apps related to the least categories as they are not explored much. Like events and beauty. 
• Most of the apps are Free, so focusing on free app is more important. 
• Focusing more on content available for Everyone will increase the chances of getting the highest installs. 
• They need to focus on updating their apps regularly, so that it will attract more users. 
• They need to keep in mind that the sentiments of the user keep varying as they keep using the app, so they should focus more on users needs and features.

---
## [HanshenWang/project-isidore](https://github.com/HanshenWang/project-isidore)@[741f3160c2...](https://github.com/HanshenWang/project-isidore/commit/741f3160c2a59cee7d32bc671cec239ee05947b3)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 16:53:30 by Hanshen Wang

Docs: Change License from LGPL 3.0 to AGPL 3.0.

Moving from weak copyleft to network protective copyleft.

Copyleft v. Permissive Licensing Rationale:
===========================================

"And you shall know the truth: and the truth shall make you free."

Free to do what? To know that adhering to the Truth means doing what one ought,
not whatever our fallen nature pleases. Whether from first principles or
experience, we know that human law must curtail behaviors when man fails to obey
the Truth and use his inviolable free will to say no to what is good, beautiful
and true. And the law must remain just when doing so, defined in the words of
the Thomists to mean "rendering to each his due".

Simply put, permissive licenses gives the developer the choice to restrict the
freedom of the end users. What freedoms?

From the FSF,

1. the freedom to use the software for any purpose,
2. the freedom to change the software to suit your needs,
3. the freedom to share the software with your friends and neighbors, and
4. the freedom to share the changes you make.

Freely you have received, and freely you must give. To have enjoyed these
freedoms and then to deny them to others would be hypocritical. That cannot be
denied. The golden rule is indeed reciprocal, and from this property Copyleft
licenses have also been termed reciprocal licenses, or viral licenses.

The warranty disclaimer in both Copyleft and Permissive also curtails some
freedoms. The freedom to engage in bad faith and frivolous lawsuits. Reciprocal
licensing curtails the freedom to deny others the four freedoms you have
received.

Some common objections:
=======================

1. GPL software restricts user freedom in practice.

Some have correctly identified copyleft licenses impede recombining with closed
source software.

On the contrary, the fault does not lie with the free software
portion of the equation but rather the closed source software that has decided
to deny the four freedoms. It can be easily seen that if both sides of the
equation were closed source software, the impedance to the end user would be
even greater.

2. GPL software prevents monetization.

This stems from confusion regarding liberty and gratis. Please note that the
author is too influenced by Thomas Sowell and Friedrich Hayek to consider a
central command economy a good idea for us fallible humans. If there is a need
to pigeonhole me into a political party, I am fiscally and socially
conservative. Of course wealth is not an inherent evil, it feels silly to even
have to type that (it is written, man must eat by the sweat of his brow). Nor
was it ever my objective to bring Heaven unto earth and usher in a gratis
software utopia. Greed and intemperance are violations of natural law no matter
your political stripe.

On the contrary, It does not follow that reciprocal licensing disallows
commercialization. That would analogous to saying following the golden rule
makes for bad business.

This is not an either/or choice between copyleft and commercial licenses. It is
a both/and situation when one is able to include dual licenses. Reciprocity can
be in code or it can be in cash. I have in mind projects like the Linux kernel
and the QT framework. Even projects solely GPL licensed have been successfully
monetized, though it can be argued the highest goal for such projects was never
a monetary one.

3. Reciprocity makes for bad business.

Wealth, as explained by Aquinas, is not the last end of man. In other words, not
an unqualified good. Not an end in of itself, but a means to an end. It makes no
sense on the individual or societal level to place wealth over justice. Unless
one has the position that a corrupt society is better than a just one.

On the contrary, anybody seriously placing monetary gain over justice would do
well to remember epistemology reminds us of our limited ability to see the
future. Indeed, 10 dead heroes are better men than 9 live cannibals. The flesh
may be weak, but it is ethical, proper and just to recognize such an ordering.
Only willful blindness and a misguided will reckons otherwise.

"Men are qualified for civil liberty in exact proportion to their disposition to
put moral chains upon their own appetites, in proportion as their love to
justice is above their rapacity,in proportion as their soundness and sobriety of
understanding is above their vanity and presumption,in proportion as they are
more disposed to listen to the counsels of the wise and good, in preference to
the flattery of knaves. Society cannot exist, unless a controlling power upon
will and appetite be placed somewhere; and the less of it there is within, the
more there must be without. It is ordained in the eternal constitution of
things, that men of intemperate minds cannot be free. Their passions forge their
fetters." Edmund Burke.

As repeated from the beginning of the commit message, Freedom is doing what you
ought, not what you want.

"And you shall know the truth: and the truth shall make you free."

4. My project will see less contributions due to current company policy

Out of all professions and trades, it is economists and businessmen who
understand most intimately that "there is no free lunch". As mentioned in
question 2, what is being objected here is the obligation to reciprocate. To
have their cake and eat it too, so to speak.

On the contrary, the goal for widespread adoption and therefore contributions is
a distinct goal from the preservation of the four freedoms. It is absolutely not
entirely separate, for any artifact deprived of human creative powers wilts and
dies (remember scientists shout "Eureka" and not "Genesis"). To that end, take
solace in the words of Thomas Paine, "Heaven knows how to put a proper price
upon its goods; and it would be strange indeed if so celestial an article as
FREEDOM should not be highly rated." A price worth paying.

If only this was a technical objection, but alas, here free software evangelists
share more in common with the Apostles than they are perhaps more comfortable
than admitting.

And so Burke, with much better rhetoric than I, expounds succinctly, "the less
of it there is within, the more there must be without." I somehow doubt the
FSF's existence is because Richard Stallman decided law was a more fulfilling
pursuit than his love of computer science. Michael Jackson got it right, be the
man in the mirror.

Compliance in layman's terms (not legal advice, please don't take it as such)
=============================================================================

To comply with the spirit of GPL is simple. If you do not modify the GPL
software by creating a derivative work but simply use it, you are under no
obligation to "reciprocate" by opening up your original work.

If you do modify the GPL software or create a derivative work by incorporating
the GPL code (possible because of the four freedoms extended to you), AND you do
NOT distribute the software, you are under no obligation to "reciprocate" by
opening up your original work. It's worth mentioning that this has been
interpreted to mean "internal use" within a company or organization is a-ok.

If you then proceed to distribute the derivative work, then the steps to
'reciprocate' is simple: release the source code of said derivative work so the
freedoms you have enjoyed may be enjoyed by our progeny. Here the AGPL adds to
the regular GPL clause 13, whereby distribution is taken to include interaction
through a remote network. The industry term is Software-as-a-Service.

Again, please consult a lawyer for advice. See also the precedence set by the
iText infringement claim by Bruno Lowagie.

Conclusion
==========

It's with such reasoning that I decided to license this project as AGPL-3.0 or
later. Now to be realistic, I foresee myself as the only developer for the
future. That does mean if I am convinced that a permissive license or the
0clause BSD pseudo public domain license is the best fit for this project, I am
all for switching. Please don't take this writing as the unilateral endorsement
of copyleft licenses for every single open source project.

And Godspeed to the FSF for the work they do.

---
## [chrix0/Adopets](https://github.com/chrix0/Adopets)@[bc22d73e5b...](https://github.com/chrix0/Adopets/commit/bc22d73e5b48d1e83ccf4d7c5afdd1b37bef22f9)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 17:30:14 by Kevinn1202

**Version 0.0.2.2 Update (Major Update actually)**
- Fook me mate, SHit sucks
Note : *Need spirit and power*

---
## [ammarfaizi2/green-tea-bot](https://github.com/ammarfaizi2/green-tea-bot)@[a7d21a6016...](https://github.com/ammarfaizi2/green-tea-bot/commit/a7d21a6016daa1b34ebbda62d7fb0717d4bd00ef)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 17:37:03 by Ammar Faizi

greentea/tgvisd: Logger: Fix wrong first_name logger bug (2)

This is a fix for the fix (yeah, /facepalm).

Commit b83eb63f41dc4a9c6fe885c5c1cc00d60a397663 ("greentea/tgvisd:
Logger: Fix wrong first_name logger bug") did not properly fix the
first_name empty string bug when saving a deleted account info.

I found that the first_name on table gt_users for the deleted account
is still an empty string. It should be NULL.

JFYI, the current handler properly handles the `first_name` on table
`gt_users_history`, so you don't have to worry about checking that
part.

Fix this by providing the correct bind param type.

A short technical story about this saving:
AFAICT, deleted account always doesn't have a `first_name` and
`last_name`. So it is perfectly safe to assume those values are
always NULL only for a deleted account. That is why for history
tracking purposes, we also save the account type in the history
table, because the account type may change (e.g. from "user" to
"deleted").

When the account gets deleted, we may still have the old history
of this user (including original `username`, `first_name`, and
`last_name`).

Telegram-ping: Iskandar S (@Viro_SSFS)
Cc: Alviro Iskandar Setiawan <alviro.iskandar@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Ammar Faizi <ammarfaizi2@gmail.com>

---
## [mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language)@[063e0e836a...](https://github.com/mrakgr/The-Spiral-Language/commit/063e0e836a376b70024c5466182b184efefae92f)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 17:53:36 by Marko Grdinić

"2:25pm. Done with breakfast and chores. Let me resume.

https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg
Blender Tutorial - Cloth Simulation | Advance Simulation | Blender 2.9

Time for this thing.

https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg?t=288

Mixamo has model animations.

2:40pm. https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg?t=458

Painting the straps to prevent them from sliding off is a good idea.

https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg?t=836

What is surface deform? I'll have to look into that.

https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg?t=948

Clothes are so troublesome aren't they?

I might have to do them in 2d, separately from the rest of the model. Though that will reveal the weakness in my drawing ability.

Maybe I'll manage to get something done. I'll have to see how Flycat-sensei does clothing. These kinds of problems only really happen when doing animation. For static scenes I'll be able to adjust for them.

https://youtu.be/AbyfuW5Aocg?t=982

He says the clipping issues can be easily fixed using shape keys. I'll have to check out what those are as well.

https://youtu.be/PF9h2panbSA
How to drop and perfectly sit any object on a pillow or any cloth in Blender

This caught my attention.

3:05pm. https://ovid.github.io/blog/programming-in-1987-versus-today.html

I find myself reading this. Damn, why did I peek at HN? Ok, let me take a shorting break to read this and I'll go back to the vids.

> And then our professor broke down crying in front of all of us. He was teaching at LCC because so many people were using free copies of his software instead of paying for it that his company was going broke. It was a humbling experience for all of us to watch our professor cry.

Oh, lol.

https://youtu.be/PF9h2panbSA?t=163

Couldn't he have combined rigid body + collision. Having the pullow fall upward into the mask is just such a surreal way of doing this.

https://youtu.be/PF9h2panbSA?t=171

So you can apply the cloth. What is that apply as shape key?

All this stuff with clipping and other troubles is really an awkward aspect of Blender. I am not looking forward to messing with it.

https://youtu.be/PF9h2panbSA?t=239
> Let's say you are happy with this

No I am not. This is way too complicated. Just drop both the mask and the pillow on the damn plane. Why is this so hard?

> Always better "save as shape key" cloth sim instead of "apply" it, so if u have many setting on cloth sim you would not need to insert them again if u want to continue manipulate it with sim

https://youtu.be/OhxVQ6vCnqM
Cloth Pressure | Blender 2.92 | EASY

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/OhxVQ6vCnqM?t=394

I've lost track of the cursor, what is he working on here?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0ziiFFEbJo
How to get Better Cloth Simulations in Blender

> Pro tip: Make sure that your collision quality is at least as high as your simulation quality, otherwise you will have parts of your cloth being simulated INSIDE of the mesh it's colliding with, causing instability. You can actually get away with lower quality settings over all if you use this method.

Let me watch this. Damn I am tired of this.

https://blenderartists.org/t/solved-how-to-combine-cloth-and-rigid-body-simulation/1194986

Ok, that is enough of that. I think for serious simulations I should just check out Houdini.

Where was that tutorial which used geometry nodes?

No forget that, I am out of energy for studying anymore boring clothing vids.

https://www.youtube.com/c/Iridesium/videos

Now comes this. But let me take a break first.

4:10pm. Just a bit more and I will resume. I got the gist of physics simulations by this point. I need those Iridesium vids to round out my education.

There isn't much I can do at this point. Those phyisics simulations take up too much compute to really be useful for much. I am guessing that 99% of Blender's usefulness will come from regular 3d stuff.

Let me start. I won't do any modeling today, so I should finish it up with this.

https://youtu.be/QUrRu7CB6sE
Creating Cinematic Explosions in Blender

Let me start with the first one.

https://youtu.be/QUrRu7CB6sE?t=22

Great cinematography.

https://youtu.be/QUrRu7CB6sE?t=374

Yeah, I noticed myself that turbulence creates bubbles on smoke. I found that strange, but it is not a bad idea to keep this in mind for explosions.

Hmmm, for Simulacrum, I should really consider animating some parts like explosions if not the character interactions. If I did something like that, it would add character to the story.

https://youtu.be/a9yXTXIRA4k
How to Make Explosions for Still Frame Images in Blender

Let me watch this.

https://youtu.be/a9yXTXIRA4k?t=51

This could be pretty good. Rather than doing simulations for clothing an explosions I should know how to do it statically.

4:50pm. Let me have lunch here.

5pm. Let me resume.

5:05pm. Done with the explosion.

https://youtu.be/7ObreReIjAo
How to Make Altocumulus Clouds in Blender - Iridesium

Here are clouds again. It is really a pity it is not possible to sculpt density directly in Blender.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXnp_KIo8q8
Destroy Anything with Particles in Blender - Iridesium

I think I watched this, but I forgot what it was about. Ah, I remember. Ok, then...

https://youtu.be/c8WImFRgdY8
Epic Building Explosion - Part 1 Making the Building - Iridesium

Let me watch this. How to make a building is also of interest to me.

https://youtu.be/c8WImFRgdY8?t=155

The trick with 3d cursor that he did here is worth keeping in mind.

5:20pm. https://youtu.be/c8WImFRgdY8

There is really so much to learn here. Am I doing the right thing with this instead of just photobashing?

Well, I'll want to learn sculpting in the worst case. Since I am still in training mode, let me go as far as I can. I'll keep pushing this.

5:35pm. Focus me, focus. Stop surfing /a/ on the side. Get through these two tutorials at least and then call it a day. 6pm is the target.

https://youtu.be/c8WImFRgdY8
> For everybody that is a part of the Iridesium community you are going to get access to 5 big city buildings.

Sigh. Honestly, I kind of like how mercenary the art world is.

https://youtu.be/2Lx-Mgabw-8
Epic Building Explosion - Part 2 Mantaflow Explosion - Iridesium

This is 37m. Agh, let me take a break. I'll come back to finish this later.

I am at the end of my rope when it comes to doing tutorials. This will be my last one. Tomorrow I will definitely get back into the swing of things.

6pm. Ok, Mantaflow explosion. I need to do it. I must do it. The explosions are what I life for.

Let me spend the next 40m on this. Go!

https://youtu.be/2Lx-Mgabw-8?t=481

I a surprised he is taking this approach. Why not take the whole buidling as a composite, set a bunch of rigid bodies, do a bunch of fractures and then have that fly out outwards?

It is really complicated isn't it?

Well, let me watch it. Who knows if what I have here is a good way or if I'd be better off just downloading Houdini and studying that instead.

https://youtu.be/2Lx-Mgabw-8?t=743

If it were me I'd have used boolean intersection to carve out the broken part of the building. Then it would be easy to apply fractures to just that broken part. As for letting the pieces fly out, it might be good to use an animated force field that starts weak and then blows up before pettering out. That should give the fragments momentum.

I am watching this guy work and am thinking how difficult he is making things.

In general for the tutorials that I've watched, their messing with procedural stuff would get very low marks for elegance from a programming standpoint from me. Pro artists can get things done, but I can't trust these tutorials to teach me the most efficient way.

6:25pm. I can't watch this anymore enough. What is enough is enough for me. This is enough effects knowledge. I do not need anymore. Right now I know more than enough to serve as a basis for any further learning. From here on out I'll pick things up on a need to know basis.

Let's see...

Riging, retopo, clothing, texture painting. I still have some gaps related to sculpting and character modeling, but I'll pick that up as I go along. The same goes for animation. Also, I am missing knowledge of Blender scripting which is done in Python. I should not have much trouble picking that up, and I do not need it at the moment.

6:30pm. What I am going to need next is the new geometry nodes stuff. I'll do the walkways as curves and the railings will be proceduraly generated to follow them.

For the pool, I am going to have to play around.

In this next part, the most important thing I need to learn is how to use outside assets. I should expand my local library and get some more textures to play around with at well.

I need to start putting my stuff together and firmly step out of the beginner level. I need to complete this significant project.

I need to play around. I am missing too much practical experience and am too tilted towards book learning at this point.

6:45pm. It is time to start dreaming about doing my own work again. I pretty much forgot what my goal was last time? Yeah, the last thing I did was complete the red couch in the limbo picture.

Tomorrow I will move the couch back into the middle of the room, add the suitcase with the weapon next to it, but otherwise get to work on expanding the limbo.

6:50pm. Let me have fun here. It is time to play Dohna Dohna and watch the Daikon War.

The time for tutorials has passed. From here on out, I will make huge strides in modeling actual things. I need to focus on that. I need to dream about that."

---
## [BeYkeRYkt/android_kernel_wileyfox_msm8937](https://github.com/BeYkeRYkt/android_kernel_wileyfox_msm8937)@[591072c3d4...](https://github.com/BeYkeRYkt/android_kernel_wileyfox_msm8937/commit/591072c3d435f369574fcfb318c98bddbfee7ddb)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 17:54:58 by Dan Pasanen

power: don't ever reboot to verity red

* We get it, shit's broken. We're flashing custom stuff, shit's bound
  to break. Don't pop this annoying screen up, we're not even using
  verity anyway.

Change-Id: Icd77b70ec1df9108a4ba9e7fd8cb9623b35b78db

---
## [posicat/magnifier_lamp_RGBW](https://github.com/posicat/magnifier_lamp_RGBW)@[0cc8b0e25e...](https://github.com/posicat/magnifier_lamp_RGBW/commit/0cc8b0e25eebf08e1817470dc664a862e9bbdf81)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 18:07:27 by Mark Balliet (PosiCat)

It's ugly code, but proof of concept from what was working way too late last night, plus a few "oh, yeah, it needs that" tweaks this morning.  Those tweaks are still untested, might need to be ironed out when I have time.

---
## [KharchankaLiudmila/rsschool-cv](https://github.com/KharchankaLiudmila/rsschool-cv)@[d616a2870e...](https://github.com/KharchankaLiudmila/rsschool-cv/commit/d616a2870ef277ec871afccdbbad75b2ebbd887e)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 19:27:09 by Kharmila

init:1

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
   <meta charset="UTF-8">
   <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
   <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
   <title>Document</title>
</head>
<body>
   <header class="header">
      <h1>Liudmila Kharchanka</h1>
      </header>
      <h2>Contacts:</h2>
         <ul>
            <li>Discord: KharchankaLiudmila#5811</li>
            <li>Location: Brest,Belarus</li>
            <li><a href="korobko.mila@yandex.ru">E-mail:korobko.mila@yandex.ru</a></li>
            <li><a href="korobko.mila@icloud.com">Epam E-mail:korobko.mila@icloud.com</a></li>
            <li>Phone:+375(29)8814903</li>
            <li><a href="https://github.com/KharchankaLiudmila">GitHub</a></li>
         </ul>
   <h2>About Myself</h2>
   <p>My profession is a doctor. Having completed many years (7+ years of experience) in my specialist field of neonatology (treatment of newborn children) I have dicided that the time is right for a change in area of activity. Work in medicine was the most exciting and at the time difficult period of my life.
  IT for me is self-development, motivation and endless space for imagination.
  I am looking to broaden my knowledge of medicine, to which I have devoted my life and I'd like to introduce it in IT. May be I can be useful to peace and humanity.
  The work has developted the following qualities of my character: enthusiastic, good communication skills with people from diverse backgrounds, highly organized and ditail-oriented, ability to find innovative solutions, adeager to experience and learn new skills.
   </p>
<h2>Skills</h2>
  <ul>
     <li>HTML</li>
     <li>CSS/CSS Flex</li>
     <li>Git</li>
     <li>JavaScript(Basic)</li>
     <li>VSCode</li>
     <li>Markdown</li>
     <li>Codewars</li>
  </ul>
<h2>Code example</h2>
<h2>Education</h2>
  <h3>2008-2014 </h3>
      <p>GRODNO STATE MEDICAL UNIVERSITY
  Faculty of Pediatrics
  Qualification: doctor
      </p>
  <h3>2017</h3>
      <p>Second medical qualification category</p>
  <h3>2021</h3>
      <p>First medical qualification category</p>  
<h2>Courses:</h2>
  <p>JavaScript/Front-end Stage 0 (in progress)</p>
<h2>Languages skills:</h2>
  <ul>
     <li>Russian - Native</li>
     <li>Belarussian - Native</li>
     <li>Ukrainian - Upper-intermediate</li>
     <li>English - Intermediate</li>
     <li>Polish – Intermediate</li>
  </ul>
</body>
</html>

---
## [cockroachdb/cockroach](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach)@[f8dc8c180d...](https://github.com/cockroachdb/cockroach/commit/f8dc8c180d7c912947b782e831592b72d613255d)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 20:31:06 by craig[bot]

Merge #74171 #74269 #74372

74171: spanconfig: carve empty ranges for pseudo-table IDs r=irfansharif a=irfansharif

This commit is similar in spirit to #73746 in that it gets rid of a
benign difference between the span configs infrastructure and the system
config span. When enabling span configs by default (#73876), we observed
a wide blast radius with respect to test failures. This was in large
part due to assumptions we've baked in regarding the number of splits we
should expect at cluster start, often waiting for the same number of
ranges to form before executing the rest of the test.

The differences between the SystemConfigSpan and the span configs
infrastructure in how they handled (empty) pseudo table keyspaces makes
for an annoying large list of tests to adjust manually. Instead we take
the lazy route and generate empty ranges for pseudo table IDs as we did
before. We can get rid of this special handling once we actually get rid
of the system config span, and adjust all these tests accordingly. Doing
it later is also preferable should we need to revert pieces of #73876
due to unforeseen instability.

Release note: None

74269: docs/tech-notes: add a note about the distributed query shutdown r=yuzefovich a=yuzefovich

This commit adds a tech note that aims to explain the protocol for shutting
down the distributed query execution in CockroachDB. It covers both cases
when the query completes successfully (it has returned all necessary rows to
the client) and when the query is canceled for any reason (an error is
encountered, a node crashed, the statement timeout is reached, etc).
CockroachDB has two execution engines that use different components for the
distributed execution, and this document describes both in some details;
however, both engines utilize the same `FlowStream` RPC to communicate
between different CockroachDB nodes, and this RPC is covered first.
Additionally, this document points out how all goroutines that power all the
necessary infrastructure are being accounted for.

There are several TODOs sprinkled in this tech note, and I plan to
address them after merging this commit. The goal of this commit is to
describe the current state of the world, and once it is merged, we can
make some cleanups while updating the tech note as well.

Release note: None

74372: builtins: used Decimals to calculate transition values for aggregate function r=yuzefovich a=mneverov

Related to #58347.

Previously, when numbers in input exceeded <X>e+16 that led to loss of
significance in calculation of the transition values and the result of aggregate
functions. This in its turn led to result of aggregate function depends on the
order of the numbers in a table. This was OK since this behaviour was identical
to what Postgres has.
Calculations in the distributed mode comprises two stages: split the data with
the calculating transition values locally and the subsequent merge of the
results from the first step. Merging operations can happen in any order which
means that the order of operation should not affect the result. In #58347 it was
decided to use Decimal type to calculate transition values for aggregate
functions. This solves the problem with the loss of significance, and hence with
the order of the merge operations in distributed mode.

Release note: None

Co-authored-by: irfan sharif <irfanmahmoudsharif@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Yahor Yuzefovich <yahor@cockroachlabs.com>
Co-authored-by: Max Neverov <neverov.max@gmail.com>

---
## [Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods)@[a3e1de03c3...](https://github.com/Perkedel/Kaded-fnf-mods/commit/a3e1de03c3aa1b78f926753adb3dc45d7474b5fc)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 20:43:25 by Joel Robert Justiawan

[skip ci] FNALLY THREADED WORK

here finally the threading works.

okay unfortunately only for sys cpp supported build.

now for the Loading Screen Kade "cheated" away from us in favor of Hex,
can you please stop defamatory towards Kade & friends? DO NOT!!!

now for the Loading Screen Kade built for Hex, we should yoink it this after this month of Overbuse Kevin Macleod.
Chart these, release, and continue yoinking.

You may ask: "Why not move to Psych"? Right, for those who missed the information, I'll tell you again, I have been settled to this Kade. Yeah very early I am into this modding community ever since that 1st major takedown bbpanzu did, and is a reason I made LFM.
Learning again to whole another fork takes whole another time. I have to learn not only what Psych is pre-capable of, but also how does it work, how to work with it, and If Psych lacks feature that I wanted, way another ones, then I have to learn how to hack it once again like I did from this Kade. Man, I do not mean that Psych is bad, NEVER!! It's good. but uh, I've been here. made so much stuffs here.

Hmmm, what if, maybe, I could port my 1st season to Psych, not all, just 1 I think to Psych. for marketing purpose. Because it is, I will only do this as a mod file, not a fork. Sorry guys, Also I hope Kade don't get any trouble for as long as he lives for, which if he did then I'll suffer to transfer to Psych, all the way from scratch, all previous work for Kade, done, poof to paperweight, ew!! no!!! I must continue, no time to troubles. No time to forcedly has to went migrating Ubuntu to Arch like SteamOS but this time because troubles. NO no no.

Yeah, I'll stay in Kade. Make this easy to mod, enigmated, Psyched, Hex, everything. All until the end of our contract when Full Ass released && its modding support promised, the instance of Future we've been observing. Remember, it's Promise, not Surprise (lol Haxe Promise & Suprise Future implementation reference, see LoadingState.hx and find that class usage). We can't see Promise progress value. we can only wait. and for this time being, we're here.

gigigigigiigigigigigigigigiigigigigigigigiigigigigigigigig

Did you know Last Funkin Moments logo is a family crest, made of Umnaga's oval & this Arrow? that's right.
You want to just know, or pecking really wanna know? No, I can't tell you. you'll be angry if I told you this SHIP I lorecast out of context from the new owner's context. Well, if you found the leak about this, please careful with that intel, because these info can cause No Way Home effect, I think.. Yeah you'll know when long time later after bbpanzu made positive outcast or whatever positive outcast would be regarding to this, and that, and I have too uhh.. I have Instagram. it's @joelwindows7 as usual. Perhaps we can neogtiate after they've... wait pronoun, let me check....  Okay I can't see prononount anymore. so after they've uploaded something we hope could make this resolve all, and even reduce the Community stadium to just 4, or maybe 3, or lower.

this not gonna work is it? well we should try when there is one, and hopefully they agree. Great luck & God bless us.

tbh that one was something I wish I had. but again, I am away from their recognition. idk how the path there looks like, how close it is and why did it ended up there today, yeah.
idk man. I hate to see it this goned to dust. idk man.

---
## [drunkwinter/Simple-YouTube-Age-Restriction-Bypass](https://github.com/drunkwinter/Simple-YouTube-Age-Restriction-Bypass)@[0b9ce74230...](https://github.com/drunkwinter/Simple-YouTube-Age-Restriction-Bypass/commit/0b9ce7423094b9905337fc9cc9991dc506c1008d)
#### Wednesday 2022-01-05 23:37:28 by Demirci K

[chore] remove eslint & husky (#96)

* [chore] remove eslint & husky

Currently both are a pain in the ass and hard to work with in terms of developer experience, they are more like a nuisance than a helper.

ESlint is hard to work with when unconfigured. We might add this back in later when we have enough time to write the config rules.

Husky is reasonable, but with Prettier it tends to change files which are not in the commit. Although this is solvable with `lint-staged`, the fact that your code looks different on the commit vs what you just wrote is annoying. Also the error/warning messages are a lap of text, with bunch of useless information and it also does not play nicely with a GUI based Git.

My proposal (#97) as an alternative is having CI testing on GitHub on each pull request, when it fails, the dev must manually run `npm run format`. At that point it is clear to the dev that transformation has happened to the original code and is able to review it.

* upgrade packages

---

# [<](2022-01-04.md) 2022-01-05 [>](2022-01-06.md)

