# [<](2022-09-23.md) 2022-09-24 [>](2022-09-25.md)

1,799,011 events recorded by [gharchive.org](https://www.gharchive.org/) of which 1,799,011 were push events containing 2,446,480 commit messages that amount to 147,301,438 characters filtered with [words.py@e23d022007...](https://github.com/defgsus/good-github/blob/e23d022007992279f9bcb3a9fd40126629d787e2/src/words.py) to these 24 messages:


## [shuding/next.js](https://github.com/shuding/next.js)@[1bbd264216...](https://github.com/shuding/next.js/commit/1bbd2642164098ceb9cebfb36deba9aed7e8a53b)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 00:45:39 by abdennor

Add additional fix in hydration error document (#40675)

I had the same issue, so the fix that worked for me was pulled from this
thread https://stackoverflow.com/a/71870995

I have been experiencing the same problem lately with NextJS and i am
not sure if my observations are applicable to other libraries. I had
been wrapping my components with an improper tag that is, NextJS is not
comfortable having a p tag wrapping your divs, sections etc so it will
yell "Hydration failed because the initial UI does not match what was
rendered on the server". So I solved this problem by examining how my
elements were wrapping each other. With material UI you would need to be
cautious for example if you use a Typography component as a wrapper, the
default value of the component prop is "p" so you will experience the
error if you don't change the component value to something semantic. So
in my own opinion based on my personal experience the problem is caused
by improper arrangement of html elements and to solve the problem in the
context of NextJS one will have to reevaluate how they are arranging
their html element

<!--
Thanks for opening a PR! Your contribution is much appreciated.
To make sure your PR is handled as smoothly as possible we request that
you follow the checklist sections below.
Choose the right checklist for the change that you're making:
-->


## Documentation / Examples

- [x] Make sure the linting passes by running `pnpm lint`
- [ ] The "examples guidelines" are followed from [our contributing
doc](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/contributing/examples/adding-examples.md)

Co-authored-by: JJ Kasper <jj@jjsweb.site>

---
## [twilightwanderer/tgstation](https://github.com/twilightwanderer/tgstation)@[d34fa4c642...](https://github.com/twilightwanderer/tgstation/commit/d34fa4c642839215df5ba985d098a04e4d555b5b)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 01:15:56 by LemonInTheDark

Macro optimizes SSmapping saving 50%  (#69632)

* 'optimizes' space transitions by like 0.06 seconds, makes them easier to read tho, so that's an upside

* ''''optimizes'''' parsed map loading

I'm honestly not sure how big a difference this makes, looked like small
percentage points if anything
It's a bit more internally concistent at least, which is nice. Also I
understand the system now.

I'd like to think it helped but I think this is kinda a "do you think
it's easier to read" sort of situation. if it did help it was by the
skin of its teeth

* Saves 0.6 seconds off loading meta and lavaland's map files

This is just a lot of micro stuff.
1: Bound checks don't need to be inside for loops, we can instead bound the iteration counts
2: TGM and DMM are parsed differently. in dmm a grid_set is one z level,
   in tgm it's one collumn. Realizing this allows you to skip copytexts and
   other such silly in the tgm implemenentation, saving a good bit of time
3: Min/max bounds do not need to be checked inside for loops, and can
   instead be handled outside of them, because we know the order of x
   and y iteration. This saves 0.2 seconds

I may or may not have made the code harder to read, if so let me know
and I'll check it over.

* Micro ops key caching significantly. Fixes macros bug

inserting \ into a dmm with no valid target would just less then loop
the string. Dumb

Anyway, optimizations. I save a LOT of time by not needing to call
find_next_delimiter_position for every entry and var set. (like maybe 0.5
seconds, not totally sure)
I save this by using splittext, which is significantly faster. this
would cause parsing issues if you could embed \n into dmms, but you
can't, so I'm safe.

Lemme see uh, lots of little things, stuff that's suboptimal or could be
done cheaper. Some "hey you and I both know a \" is 2 chars long sort of
stuff

I removed trim_text because the quote trimming was never actually used,
and the space trimming was slower then using the code in trim. I also
micro'd trim to save a bit of time. this saves another maybe 0.5.

Few other things, I think that's the main of it. Gives me the fuzzy
feelings

* Saves 50% of build_coordinate's time

Micro optimizing go brrrrr
I made turf_blacklist an assoc list rather then just a normal one, so
lookups are O(log n) instead of O(n). Also it's faster for the base case
of loading mostly space.

Instead of toggling the map loader right before and right after New()
calls, we toggle at the start of mapload, and disable then reenable if
we check tick. This saves like 0.3 seconds

Rather then tracking an area cache ourselves, and needing to pass it
around, we use a locally static list to reference the global list of
area -> type. This is much faster, if slightly fragile.

Rather then checking for a null turf at every line, we do it at the
start of the proc and not after. Faster this way, tho it can in theory
drop area vvs.

Avoids calling world.preloader_setup unless we actually have a unique
set of attributes. We use another static list to make this comparison
cheap. This saves another 0.3

Rather then checking for area paths in the turf logic, or vis versa, we
assume we are creating the type implied by the index we're reading off.
So only the last type entry will be loaded like a turf, etc.
This is slightly unsafe but saves a good bit of time, and will properly
error on fucked maps.

Also, rather then using a datum to hold preloader vars, we use 2 global
variables. This is faster.

This marks the end of my optimizations for direct maploading. I've
reduced the cost of loading a map by more then 50% now. Get owned.

* Adds a define for maploading tick check

* makes shuttles load again, removes some of the hard limits I had on the reader for profiling

* Macro ops cave generation

Cave generation was insanely more expensive then it had any right to be.
Maybe 0.5 seconds was saved off not doing a range(12) for EVERY SPAWNED
MOB.
0.14 was saved off using expanded weighted lists (A new idea of mine)
This is useful because I can take a weighted list, and condense it into
weight * path count. This is more memory heavy, and costs more to
create, but is so much faster then the proc.

I also added a naive implementation of gcd to make this a bit less bad.
It's not great, but it'll do for this usecase.

Oh and I changed some ChangeTurfs into New()s. I'm still not entirely
sure what the core difference between the two is, but it seems to work
fine.
I believe it's safe because the turf below us hasn't init'd yet, there's
nothing to take from them. It's like 3 seconds faster too so I'll be sad
when it turns out I'm being dumb

* Micros river spawning

This uses the same sort of concepts as the last change, mostly New being
preferable to ChangeTurf at this level of code.
This bit isn't nearly as detailed as the last few, I honestly got a bit
tired. It's still like 0.4 seconds saved tho

* Micros ruin loading

Turns out it saves time if you don't check area type for every tile on a
ruin. Not a whole ton faster, like 0.03, but faster.

Saves even more time (0.1) to not iterate all your ruin's turfs 3 times
to clear away lavaland mobs, when you're IN SPACE who wrote this.

Oh it also saves time to only pull your turf list once, rather then 3
times

---
## [Jiang-Yun-Hui/free-programming-books](https://github.com/Jiang-Yun-Hui/free-programming-books)@[5fd70502a0...](https://github.com/Jiang-Yun-Hui/free-programming-books/commit/5fd70502a063c46914fd444d2511c8233f81777f)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 03:07:19 by Mathieu FONTAINE

Update free-programming-cheatsheets.md - React (#7095)

I suggested a React cheat sheet that I use very often. It is one of the most exhaustive and qualitative in my opinion.

---
## [peff/git](https://github.com/peff/git)@[9f6efd38dc...](https://github.com/peff/git/commit/9f6efd38dcd8a41db6e46e18f74bb1853d116916)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 03:17:28 by Jeff King

commit: give a hint when a commit message has been abandoned

If we launch an editor for the user to create a commit
message, they may put significant work into doing so.
Typically we try to check common mistakes that could cause
the commit to fail early, so that we die before the user
goes to the trouble.

We may still experience some errors afterwards, though; in
this case, the user is given no hint that their commit
message has been saved. Let's tell them where it is.

Signed-off-by: Jeff King <peff@peff.net>

---
## [peff/git](https://github.com/peff/git)@[99a98a977c...](https://github.com/peff/git/commit/99a98a977cab20ae637b24837f3d8bd09d1e23fe)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 03:17:50 by Jeff King

ahead-behind: do not die when we see no INTERESTING pending object

We currently die if we are fed an ahead/behind with zero
objects (`foo..foo` in the most basic case, but in practice
something like `foo@{upstream}..foo`, when `foo` has just
been merged).  The problem is that we let
`handle_revision_arg` parse it, and then pick the pieces out
of the pending object list. So "^foo" looks no different to
us there than "foo".

This patch hacks around it by picking up the UNINTERESTING
object in that case. However, this isn't great because:

  1. Now we won't notice some types of bogus input.

  2. We end up reporting the name of the UNINTERESTING object.

We probably should pick apart the ".." ourselves, or even
just change it to ":" or whitespace.

Signed-off-by: Jeff King <peff@peff.net>

---
## [RetroAchievements/RAPatches](https://github.com/RetroAchievements/RAPatches)@[2c51b50bf7...](https://github.com/RetroAchievements/RAPatches/commit/2c51b50bf7d224d72b99db5c42b9be0ce3f7e75f)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 03:37:58 by televandalist

Add multiple patches (#71)

Included:
- Final Fantasy I & II - Mod of Balance (GBA) (Hack)
- Final Fantasy Legend II (GB) (Text Cleanup)
- F-Zero - Climax (GBA) (English Translation)
- Geheimnis der Happy Hippo-Insel, Das (GBC) (English Translation)
- Golden Sun (GBA) (Portuguese Translation)
- Kirby Tilt 'n Tumble (GBC) (Accelerometer Removal Patch)
- Kirby's Dream Land (GB) (DX Patch)
- Pokemon - Fool's Gold (GBC) (Hack)
- Pokemon - Kalos Crystal (GBC) (Hack)
- Pokemon - LeafGreen (GBA) (Moemon Patch)
- Pokemon - Polished Crystal (GBC) (Hack)
- Pokemon - Ruby (GBA) (Moemon Patch)
- Pokemon - Sapphire (GBA) (Moemon Patch)
- Pokemon Picross (GBC) (English Translation)
- Touhoumon - Ordinary Version (GBC) (Hack)
- Ultraman Ball (GB) (English Translation)
- Wario Land 4 - Parallel World (GBA) (Hack)
- Yoshi Topsy-Turvy (GBA) (Tilt Patch)
- Zelda - Sacred Paradox (GBA) (Hack)

---
## [Technobug14/mojave-sun-14](https://github.com/Technobug14/mojave-sun-14)@[736422fac8...](https://github.com/Technobug14/mojave-sun-14/commit/736422fac8d84c8e054853fd2b205cc993250c21)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 04:17:14 by Technobug14

Field Transfusions & Fixes Sprites/Runtime (#2152)

* Working field transfusions

As far as I can tell, no runtimes or bugs. Should be good to go. Could maybe do with some polish? But otherwise it works great.

* Fixes energy weapon bugs

Fixes a runtime related to emptying cells from energy weapons, and fixes an overlay bug and inventory icon bug on the cells themselves.

* Bug fixes

read above, fixes a few bugs/errors

* Broken as hell

Supposed to add new IV bag sprites and overlays that would change as the bag gets emptier. Multiple bugs both with transfusion and the icon/overlay. Right now, the icon currently disappears once the object is on the ground and I can't tell why. Secondly, the overlay has the visual bugs and could probably do with a more thorough system to apply it? The bugs on transfusion are mostly due to a lack of sanity checks, where it will continue to be attached to someone from many tiles away when thrown/dropped, etc.

* Shit

HATE HATE HATE this sucks and it is buggy as hell

* Fix icon/overlay updates

* Mostly working

Still some broken stuff, you can attach IV bags if you're not next to someone and do it from inside containers, also fixes the world states for the police and military 10mm pistol

* Finishing touches

Couple of bug fixes, fixes 10mm police/military world sprite, etc etc. Should be good to go.

Co-authored-by: Koshenko <koshenko@pm.me>
Co-authored-by: Koshenko <53068134+Koshenko@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [newcampaigntrail/newcampaigntrail](https://github.com/newcampaigntrail/newcampaigntrail)@[070090ab9d...](https://github.com/newcampaigntrail/newcampaigntrail/commit/070090ab9d0635e8942fd86b7140acead1f47b65)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 04:21:16 by Astronomical

FINALLY ADDED 1972 BAYH HOLY SHIT  

I HATE ONE BILLION RUNNING MATES (GOOD MOD THO) IT JUST GETS REALLY TEDIOUS ADDING IT TO THE LOADER

---
## [plinkiac/Movie-Talk](https://github.com/plinkiac/Movie-Talk)@[d06e77acc5...](https://github.com/plinkiac/Movie-Talk/commit/d06e77acc5b7607227a0fd270e56db1c4a64e1c8)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 04:36:31 by Harry S. Plinkett

Update 2015-01-10 - Fuck You, It's January (2015).txt

---
## [mobleyc420/jenkins.io](https://github.com/mobleyc420/jenkins.io)@[6d722bb237...](https://github.com/mobleyc420/jenkins.io/commit/6d722bb23790f853b97e2ef14cc206a98c63997d)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 07:23:40 by mobleyc420

Create SECURITY.md

This project has lirerally ended my marriage 3 police complaints for malcious hacking and file sharing of altered documents making it appeae as if mybwife 

Was cheating on me by sending them into my drives through encryption services adding illegal files in my opinion toy drives and storages ..basically if Any developer was  or contributor is a state of Michigan contractor with my wife Erin mobley they committed aggregious felonys that i have been unnable to prove because they use  state  of mi  vpns and servers to attack me ..sharepoint michigan domian servicees puk sim lock this can not  be legal 2488209175

---
## [tomara-x/magi](https://github.com/tomara-x/magi)@[bfdfeae694...](https://github.com/tomara-x/magi/commit/bfdfeae694ead0d277cb1cd5797ca27c1de96ffb)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 08:28:00 by Amy Universe

love that it works, hate how it does

i want tiny ass checkboxes! i want them to lineup with the steps. also it has a long compile time for some reason

---
## [oisinod/WoWAnalyzer](https://github.com/oisinod/WoWAnalyzer)@[90c1dd8db4...](https://github.com/oisinod/WoWAnalyzer/commit/90c1dd8db4b04d465daf45332ec73a28130651d1)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 08:34:23 by Richard Harrah

second pass on demon hunter

clean out changelog entries referencing
abilities that are removed in DF

add sigils to HDH abilities list

clean out entries in SPELLS/demonhunter that are
present in TALENTS/demonhunter

add support for Charred Warblades

add getTalentRank function for Combatant

correct locations of multiple analyzers in the
statistics tab

add support for Misery in Defeat class talent

add support for Retaliation talent

add Buffs module for Vengeance to make frailty
support easier, given that it can now be applied by
three different abilities.

add support for Painbringer talent

add Blur and Darkness to Vengeance

add support for Tactical Retreat talent

add support for Initiative talent

update support for Cycle of Hatred talent

correct Know Your Enemy scaling

regenerate DH talents

---
## [tomara-x/magi](https://github.com/tomara-x/magi)@[679850f272...](https://github.com/tomara-x/magi/commit/679850f272a5734140b67ede694be23e0e63d99e)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 08:42:57 by Amy Universe

fuck led's

you're difficult to keep in sync, and you suck, led's. yeah you suck!

---
## [edsantiago/libpod](https://github.com/edsantiago/libpod)@[cf8ffd8189...](https://github.com/edsantiago/libpod/commit/cf8ffd8189dcdb1006a5a8298a9baac00d29c4dc)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 11:44:12 by Ed Santiago

Proof of concept: nightly dependency treadmill

As discussed in f2f: this is the cleanest, simplest mechanism
I can think of to auto-test the Big Three dependencies: simply
run go mod edit immediately after git checkout, then run the
entire CI test suite.

If this approach works, we can set up a new CIRRUS_CRON=treadmill
job. I'm expecting it not to work, because Murphy, but want to
see what the unexpected gotchas are.

This differs significantly from the buildah treadmill, in that
buildah is almost impossible to re-vendor without manual intervention.
(In practice, so are these, but let's dream of a world in which
this will run and pass every night). (I want a pony too).

Signed-off-by: Ed Santiago <santiago@redhat.com>

---
## [resiki8182/Fedoraware](https://github.com/resiki8182/Fedoraware)@[50a54973e7...](https://github.com/resiki8182/Fedoraware/commit/50a54973e76ff2315320cab53235f3a91da053c8)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 12:43:32 by Baan

Merge pull request #693 from Radeon0078/patch-1

fuck you this is better kys 130 fov sucks balls

---
## [Conga0/Mo_Creeps](https://github.com/Conga0/Mo_Creeps)@[f29a47826f...](https://github.com/Conga0/Mo_Creeps/commit/f29a47826f617346f4112e972560311160e23c0f)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 14:52:01 by Conga Lyne

Rainbow Kitty, Tons of Fixes, Balance changes

Added RAINBOW KITTY
Adjusted Cat Meowing
Generated missing stain UV maps
Updated cat meow sound effects
Centipedes are now affected by worm related materials & perks
Fixed Minecart Rider Hisii mounting wands to his cart. The driver safety commission has instructed him to wield it properly.
Toxic Worm's minions now have a lifetime (5 minutes)
Reduced Phantom Bow's max range by 20%
Juvenile Centipede has been slightly buffed
Juvenile Centipede corpses are now made out of Centipede Meat rather than Worm Meat
Juvenile Centipedes overall now bleed properly
Added new book in the tree
Moved Conversion hint book to the eye room
Enlarged Big Tentacler's Hitbox slightly
Added Robot Egg populator
Reduced Hisii Hobo's blood amount slightly, I'm sorry, we needed some for charity
Fixed Tesla Turret digging it's own grave everytime it shot on snow
Fixed Master of Trolling's outline hint in Trophy Room to blend in less with the other statues
Added visual effect to wand cave items spawning in

---
## [Techtense/BWN](https://github.com/Techtense/BWN)@[f2adbbe232...](https://github.com/Techtense/BWN/commit/f2adbbe23228e4aa4ef1d6189cdf423548c8274f)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 16:02:33 by Techtense

Update stylesheet.css

FUCK YOU AND YOUUR SLOW ASS SHIT

---
## [AtariDreams/terminal](https://github.com/AtariDreams/terminal)@[b4b6636b49...](https://github.com/AtariDreams/terminal/commit/b4b6636b4952ac8ff6a9864f641973bb49d91ce4)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 16:26:30 by Mårten Rånge

Relax shader strictness in RELEASE mode (#13998)

Disables strictness and warnings as errors for custom pixel shaders in
RELEASE. Windows terminal is not telling the user why the shader won't
compile which makes it very frustrating for the shader hacker.

After trying the recent preview none of my shaders loaded anymore in
Windows Terminal Preview which made me very sad. I had no idea what was
wrong with them. After cloning the git repo, building it, fighting an
issue that prevent DEBUG SDK from being used I finally was able to
identify some issues that were blocking my shaders.

> error X3556: integer modulus may be much slower, try using uints if possible.
> error X4000: use of potentially uninitialized variable (rayCylinder)

While the first one is a good warning I don't think it is an error and
the tools I use didn't flag it so was hard to know.

The second one I was staring at the code and was unable to identify what
exactly was causing the issues, I fumbled with the code a few times and
just felt the fun drain away.

IMHO: I want it to be fun to develop shaders for windows terminal.
Fighting invisible errors are not fun. I am not after building
production shaders for Windows Terminal, I want some cool effects. So
while I am as a .NET developer always runs with Warning as errors I
don't think it's the right option here. Especially since Windows
Terminal doesn't tell what is the problem.

However, I understand if the shaders you ship with Windows Terminal
should be free of errors and silly mistakes, so I kept the stricter
setting in DEBUG mode.

## Validation Steps Performed

Loaded Windows Terminal in RELEASE and DEBUG mode and validated that
RELEASE mode had reduced strictness but DEBUG retained the previous more
restrictive mode.

---
## [MatheusAugustoGarcia/otservbr-global](https://github.com/MatheusAugustoGarcia/otservbr-global)@[fbd70d116c...](https://github.com/MatheusAugustoGarcia/otservbr-global/commit/fbd70d116c260a94902c2e0164ceca94023f2f28)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 19:02:31 by rigis1

Fixes and add blood brothers quest till mission 4 (#753)

Fix:
• electric sparks
• baking
• filling fluids container
• the hunt for the sea serpent quest

Add:
• questlog entry for blood brothers quest, the hunt for the sea serpent quest and grave danger quest
• storages for blood brothers quest, the hunt for the sea serpent quest and grave danger quest
• keywords for blood brothers quest, the hunt for the sea serpent quest and grave danger quest
• condition to harlow travel to vengoth
• holy water to henricus shop
• food for blood brothers quest
• spawn npc ortheus and jack springer, monster gaffir
• npc jack springer 
• ugly monster loot
• events to gaffir and ugly monster
• ice cracking
• basic events for bosses Sir Nictros and Sir Baeloc
• basic spawn boss for levers
• access to falcon bastion

---
## [CatsPsychologist/hys_academy](https://github.com/CatsPsychologist/hys_academy)@[0eef590396...](https://github.com/CatsPsychologist/hys_academy/commit/0eef5903965b2156f48d80a6a1a01a1875a96d7f)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 19:03:57 by CatsPsychologist

ls_3 change files structure

sorry for such a stupid decision, hope it won't make you troubles :)

---
## [SPUSeniorCapstone/MiniProject-Isaiah](https://github.com/SPUSeniorCapstone/MiniProject-Isaiah)@[be8b8e8299...](https://github.com/SPUSeniorCapstone/MiniProject-Isaiah/commit/be8b8e82997937549df35dfb1c8eb0671af3429e)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 19:19:52 by IHOGUE

First Push

-Don't know what to gitignore yet
-Unity Sucks
-Finally got the stupid stat box to work
Couple of Ideas: Use image of char sheet as one scene, add the ability to interact, then add another scene to deal with fighting, perhaps another scene to deal with a journal, etc.
Alternatively, I could just place it all in the same scene and shift the focus of the camera, but that sounds like a pain in the butt. Both ways are probably simple but my ignorance of Unity is very annoying

---
## [MidoriWroth/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/MidoriWroth/Skyrat-tg)@[f73fc2ea10...](https://github.com/MidoriWroth/Skyrat-tg/commit/f73fc2ea10c3193a56595e9d02d9aab186d99076)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 21:10:47 by Halcyon

Redoes bluesec clothing sprites to have a nicer, more consistent color palette, along with correcting alot of glaring mistakes. (#16068)

* Everything

All the bluesec shit redone, given a consistent palette and better colors.

* Forgot the obj sprites, fuck

* formal oversuit

* Hey shitass, watch me kill these sprites

* More obj icons

* Bulltproof items.

Returns helmet to stock TG, cause the current one is ugly ass piss.

* obj

* secmed

* updates secmed a bit more

* helmet

---
## [Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg)@[e1839f0e37...](https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/commit/e1839f0e375a2169c8d80d942376dddb8be1958d)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 21:16:22 by SkyratBot

[MIRROR] Spider Rebalance PR: Burn Baby Burn Edition [MDB IGNORE] (#15997)

* Spider Rebalance PR: Burn Baby Burn Edition (#68971)

This is a remake of #66106, with more thought put into the underlying balance. The main goal of this PR is to make fighting spiders more accessible and interesting for the majority of the crew while nerfing the extremely strong and boring option of simply using freezing temps to kill spiders. Also fixes #67765. The changes are as follows:

NEW SPIDER COUNTERS

    Fly swatters now deal 25 damage to spiders on hit, increased from 1
    Pesticide now deals massive stamina damage to spiders and a little bit of physical damage as well (the damage portion not added by this PR)
    Spiders can now be caught on fire through any traditional mean of catching something on fire. Spiders will automatically put themselves out after a time. This was done instead of an active action because AI spiders are also subject to this change as well, and I don't feel like bloating the simple mob AI with putting themselves out

SPIDER CHANGES

NERFS

    Toxin injection has been removed from all spiders except for the hunter, flesh spiders and the viper
    Hunter toxin (used by hunters and flesh spiders) now only brings the afflicted down to 40 health, and will stop taking effect once the afflicted reaches that threshold. Should the afflicted still have the toxin in their system and get healed, the toxin will begin dealing damage again until the afflicted is at 40 health or below again
    Viper toxin now only brings the afflicted down to 10 health, but also has the hallucination effects of Mindbreaker toxin. This hallucination effect is applied regardless of target health. It also no longer generates other harmful chemicals into the afflicted's system, but is much more potent at base
    Flesh spiders cannot regenerate while on fire

BUFFS

    Time it takes for spiders to normalize their temperature cut by half. While they will react faster when in cold or hot environments, when they leave said environments it will take less time to return to normal temperature
    Unsuitable temperature damage reduced to 4 from 8
    You can no longer push spiders by running into them
    Webbing heat damage threshold increased from 300 to 350 (same temp where spiders also take damage)
    Broodmother egg laying time reduced to 12 seconds from 15
    Broodmother web laying time multiplier reduced to 0.5 from 1
    Broodmother health increased to 60 from 40
    Broodmother damage increased to 10 - 15 from 5 -10

BEHIND THE SCENES CHANGES

    You can now make any simple mob able to be caught on fire by setting flammable to true
    How fast a simplemob stops burning is controlled by fire_stack_removal_speed
    Can now now control how fast simplemobs regulate their temperature using temperature_normalization_speed. Before this PR, this value was hard-coded at 10, I have set the default to 5 as 10 was too long in almost any case. This will notably affect slimes, who could easily die to being cold long after being removed from the cold area. I see this as purely beneficial
    Toxins now have a health_required value. The afflicted has to be above this health value in order to take damage from the toxin. Only used in the spider toxins currently
    When I was setting up simplemobs to be flammable, I noticed basic mobs can be glitchily set on fire, so I fixed it to where they can't be set on fire.

Why It's Good For The Game

    Spacing something is very easy, but not very fun or interesting compared to starting and controlling a fire. Swapping spiders' temperature weakness from spacing to fire is beneficial to the fun of fighting them and playing as them, allowing more creativity and resourcefulness on both sides. Ideally, this should allow for atmosians and chemists to use their skills in a fun way.
    Currently, ignoring spacing them, the only people who can reasonably take on spiders is security, since they have lasers which do burn and stuns to slow the spiders down. However, this small subset of players cannot normally destroy a spider infestation without spacing them, so letting fly swatters and pesticide be used to combat spiders allows other crewmembers to fight back, letting them actually enjoy facing spiders as a threat and allowing the crew to defend themselves.
    Being killed by spider toxin after fighting off a horde isn't fun. The changes still make it a threat you have to be aware of, but not one which detracts as much from the combat loop. This also forces spiders to secure the kill themselves, which is more fun than having the toxin do it for you.
    Broodmothers in their current state are incredibly weak by themselves, which is intentional by design. However, the new changes hope to make playing as a broodmother easier and hopefully allow more broodmothers to get the spider infestation started properly. After all, Dynamic is their common source now, and they should be consistently worth the threat cost to spawn them.
    Previously, spider structures would seemingly vanish for no reason if the room was heated to be greater than 300 but less than 350, as the spiders would not be able to tell that it was too hot. Now, if the structures are taking damage, spiders will also be taking damage, so understanding what's going on should be easier now.
    Pushing spiders into a corner by running into them was not a fun tactic to deal with as a spider and didn't make much sense seeing how big the spiders are.

Changelog

cl
add: Spiders can now be caught on fire
add: Spiders take significant damage from fly swatters and stamina damage from pesticide
balance: Spiders have been re-balanced. Their toxins can no longer kill but they are not as susceptible to freezing
balance: General stats of spider broodmothers have been buffed with more health, damage, and faster web and egg placement
balance: Flesh spiders cannot regenerate whilst on fire
balance: Simplemobs change their internal temperature twice as fast
fix: Basic mobs no longer glitchily catch on fire.
/cl

* Spider Rebalance PR: Burn Baby Burn Edition

Co-authored-by: IndieanaJones <47086570+IndieanaJones@users.noreply.github.com>

---
## [Trollkaaar/rust](https://github.com/Trollkaaar/rust)@[5eb7037ea7...](https://github.com/Trollkaaar/rust/commit/5eb7037ea7a8c683d17504e1eaa9b576a23c45a5)
#### Saturday 2022-09-24 23:21:33 by TrollKaaar

holy fucking shit why is it so hard to make magic numbers

---

# [<](2022-09-23.md) 2022-09-24 [>](2022-09-25.md)

